* A Don't just get Instead, get ahead. by—

Prepare for the future at a GREAT Church University.

BALANCED EDUCATION - At BYU, a Church institution, students receive education of the mind, body, in spirit social ideal climate. together Church and an a n

in leaders devotional every assembly, speak week 'flkwd. 4. ike Ulsudl

in religion, takes class student every a a comand plete stake of 33 wards is active on campus. Speaking of getting ahead, this is the

of the 1962 theme BYU Homecoming, activities SPIRIT - Student FRIENDLY DEMOCRATIC to is invited, Nov. 3. Everyone Oct. 26 successful students tremendously because at BYU are

are friendly, club and church activities are open to especially the "old grads."Following

all, counseling is available, and students reside in are the Homecoming activities:

pleasant group accommodations. BYU has all the Oct. 26—Selection of queens by stuadvantages of a big university, yet all the attention dent body voting.

and friendliness of a small college. Oct. 29—Forum speaker, William LedHIGH ACADEMIC STANDARDS - The doors of BYU erer, bestselling author.

are open to all who can meet its academic standOct. 31—Devotional Assembly.

ards. These standards are high, but they pay diviMatinee dance.

dends in the long run, for BYU graduates are in demand over the nation. Nov. 1—Queen's banquet.

OUTSTANDING FACULTY - The BYU faculty has Nov. 2—HomecomingHomecoming dances.Assembly.

been trained in a hundred universities and colleges. Judging of house decoraThe adequate staff means a proper studentteacher tions.

ratio for more personal attention.

Nov. 3—Big parade in downtown

FINEST FACILITIES - The beautiful new buildings at Provo.

BYU provide finest living accommodations, classFootball game with New rooms, and further expansion is under way. Mexico.

Open Houses.

Concert and "Fieldhouse Frolics."Brigham Young University Alumni dance and dinner.

P R O V O UTAH. "

SUPREME'S Exploring the - Universe By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. Cookie

Coupon DAYS GROWING LONGER Using the dissipation of energy in the friction from the tides produced by the moon alone, wherein thevertical change may be many feet Celebration in the seas and a few inches in the earth's mantle, the slowing down of the earth's rotation can be calculated. If conditions remained conPIECAN

stant in several billions of years I SANDIES the length of day for earth and moon would be the same, with the same face turned toward each other and a day would be about 50 of our present days long.

SUPERIOR VISION?k

In the retina of the human eye there are about seven million cones and one hundred million rods. The fovea

of the hawk has the cones about 6 times as dense in the fovea or 2.5

times closer together than in one man.

c.m * each! ee on

J) Pec Supreme McK,

s *orthl0onSU p'Dro > CnocoWe J nut L

package 01 r derFROZEN MAMMOTHS

Professor William R. Farrand of

Columbia University has estimated that more than 50,000 mammoths lived in Siberia during late Pleistocene time. Frozen, woolly mammoths

in northernhave now been found

Siberia Alaska &'": andand northeastern

in deposits attributed to last interCLIP

COUPON glacial times.glacial and last They i J* WWKB-;: 1 *'*I 1 deposits. in postglacialare unknown

Only 4 of the known frozen 39carcasses are complete. SUPREME SUPREME BAKERS

Melrose Park, Illinois Omaha Denver: l,Lj

OCTOBER 1962 689 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for October, 1962 Volume 65, Number 10

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Editor's Page: The Right to be Happy, President David O. McKay 700,Art:

723 Noreen Richeda Your Question: What is Meant by the Waters above the Firmament? 731All otherTed art:NagataRalph Reynolds Studio

President Joseph Fielding Smith 702

Looking Toward the Temple, John A. Widtsoe 706

Photos: Marion G. Romney of the Quorum of the Twelve, by Harold B. Lee 712 706711 Lorin Wiggins

712 Joern Gerdts The Church Moves On, 694; Melchizedek Priesthood, 756; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 758. 718 Max Tharpe

756-7 Eldon Linschoten

Special Features

Successful Archaeological Excavation at Nauvoo Temple Site, Dee F. Green....704

The Word of Wisdom (Part II, Conclusion), Robert J. Beveridge, MD 716

A Time for Conscious Decision, Lawrence C. Taylor. 718

Cotton and the Book of Mormon, Robert H. Daines 722

There is a Destiny, S. Dilworth Young. 725

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 728729

The True Spirit of Counseling, C. Ward Despain. 730

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 734, 736, 738

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 689; Letters and Reports, 692; These Times:

An Establishment of Religion, G. Homer Durham, 696.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

October Tastes Good.760

Make Friends with Your Tongue, Walter King... 764

Last Word 768

Stories, Poetry

Constancy, Isaac Bickerstaff, Esq 732

Poetry 721, 738, 742, 764, 765, 766

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah COVER NOTE

This month's cover picture of L. Evans, Associate O. and Managing L. C, Richard Green, Editor; David Josephson, Doyle Mabba Zobell, Managing the Elder of Albert Marion G. Romney McKayEditor; Patricia Associates; Editorial Middleton, E. Grant, B. CarterEditors; Research Blake, H. Stephan, Florence Today'sL. ReedEditor; Pinnock, of the FamilyJr., Council taken Twelve was

Editor; Editor; Editor; Associate Art Marion Direction: Era Era Hanks, Youth Elaine The D. The JudithCannon, of Studio. Reynolds of Youth Ralph for especially Improvement on Era The

B. Harris, Nibley, Sperry, Sidney Franklin G. Contributing Gardiner, Editors. A. Durham, Junius Jackson, Hugh M. Homer Alma Salt City, Square, Temple Lake

S. General Bentley, S.Manager; Associate Scott, FlorenceJr., Jaoobsen, F. Joseph General Manager; Manager; Subscription A. Business Snarr, Verl Glen Gerdts. also took Joern Mr. Gerdts by Director; Director. Advertising Evans, T. Thayer

the of photo Elder which Romney

Inc., Copyright Funds, published and 1962 by Mutual Saints. All rights appears in full color on page 712. of Associations Christ by the Church of Latterday of Jesus Mutual Improvement The

reserved. Subscription price year, $3.00 a foreign subscriptions, issues. in advance; single for special copy, except $3.50 a year, in advance; 35c

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act

Era Improvement The a and must be word accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

days'noticeThirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

690 THE IMPROVEMENT EltA

JUST OFF THE PRESS!

Elder Mark E. Petersen's Newest Work

ONE LORD

ONE FAITH

$2 50 One Lord—One Faith! is a dynamic new text that answers some

of the most important questions that arise concerning gospel principles.

Read, now, Elder Petersen's discourses on faith, membership in the Church, the nature of God, idolotary, baptism, the Sabbath, and conversion.

Use One LordOne Faith! as a valuable guide for gospel study

groups, classes, and fireside discussions.

For those needing a strong recharging of faith, or for those wanting to know more about the gospel, One Lord—One Faith!

will provide rich spiritual companionship for those quiet reading hours.

I111 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTemple,COMPANYSalt Lake City, Utah

... find Gentlemen: please Enclosed.1 order....money

in please have an account, for charge of $2.50 postpaid..the..checkamountDwcrctEiBooh Co.

,... 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah.,. - Elder Mark E. Petersen's One Lord—One Faith!

Name..

Address

City.... Zone State

Residents of Utah include 3 r? sales tax.

IF YOU WANT FOLDING CHAIRS YESTERDAY

ON "NEW MORALITY"PERFECT ATTENDANCE

This letter is to thank you for printing Alice Elaine Rohde, the article entitled "The New Morality in Westminster Ward.

Motion Pictures and TV"which appeared G a r d e n Grove in the February 1962 issue of the Era. ( Calif. ) Stake, now

This subject has concerned me greatly, on duty with the and I have wished that our Church WAVES at QuonAuthorities would speak out on the type set Point, Rhode of movies currently showing, I was happy Island, had mainto note that Elder Benson did mention tamed over six them in one of his conference addresses, years of perfect atand that certain members of our stake tendance at all her high council have also spoken out in recent Church meetings.

addresses. She has six individual awards, her Honor

I also want to mention the fine Era of Bee award, and is currently working on her

Youth section and hope it will still be Golden Cleaner award.

running in the Era when my children are old enough to read it.

Thank you again. FIRST SOFTBALL

Sincerely yours, Sue W. Haroldsen We recently played the first organized

Woodland Hills, California softhall game in the history of Mikkeli. We

are working hand in hand with the town officials to put the youth into organized activities. Last week we had the pleasure

of talking with the man who is in charge of The United States Information Service in Finland. He mentioned that in his

dealings that day with the town leaders ( two school principals, the chief of police, and the mayor) that the name Mormon

Pick up the phone, wire or write and came up in all four discussions, and they we'll make up for lost time by giving had nothing but extolling remarks for the you the fastest delivery going. NoChurch.

as ourselves selling Americans, good Bybod}'can touch speed us on religion. to sell our helping are Our (one chair we

Price, either.or 1,000). Samsonite the has with helped youth working

has a complete line r open many doors and to pierce many heartsto of handsome inthat have formerly been closed to the messtitutional furniIN NATIONAL COMPETITION sage of the restoration.

ture. So start the Linda Darley, Hyrum Second Ward, Sincerely,Elders Easton and Lim

ball rolling today. Hyrum (Utah) Stake, placed fourth in the Mikkeli, Finland

We'll do the rest. National Accuracy Typing Contest held

Samsonite AllSteel recently in New York City. She was acFolding Chair is the companied to the finals by her high school SPECIAL NUMBER

"original"standard instructor Wilma Hall, Wellsville First construction five the Currently has special number Stake. for inWard, Hyrum

stitutional seating. for Romeril, Mountain Fae View is the Linda Sunday School and MIA meaning

For church, school, club, othergroup seatorganist. She has earned her Honor Bee, Ward, Alberta (Canada) Stake. She has

ing information, Yellow see your or Pages attendof percent years as five hundred as well one awards, and Laureate Joy, Mia write: Shwayder Institutional Bros., Seatall to her five individual six meetings, ance individual awards.

Div., ing Detroit Mich. Dept. 1E102, 29,

five including awards, Sister and Hall and School teaches Sunday MIA awards, is a member of the stake YWMIA board, is Honor Bee, Worker Bee, first and second a Golden Gleaner, and has served a misyear Mia Joy awards, and Junior Laureate sion in Hawaii. award.SamsoniteALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Repeated by Public Demand!

Letters from Withinr/Uffc and FOR JOINING Reports

FROM WITHIN THESE WALLS

by Richard L Evans Drawn from the famous "Spoken Word"broadcasts trom the Tabernacle, this popular volume is a series of short essays arranged around central themes for easy reading. Excellent speech material.

LIVES UP TO NAME Publisher's price $3.00

Truly The Improvement Era lives up to

Itsits name! is tremendous; improvement

is articleeach well written, well aimed "to CHOOS illlJi BOOK FROM bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."What a joy it is to read anddigest the words of wisdom so eloquently UUHtHIIIWHIMII

expressed with the Era.

As a missionary in southern Brazil, serv- 1. The House of the Lord... $3.50 7. Doctrines of Salvation, Vol III..$3.50

ing in relatively new areas to our type of By James E. Talmage By Bruce R. McConkie

labor, the Era, along with the Instructor 2. Patterns for Living $3.50 8. The Myth Makers $3.50

and the Church News, has been a great By Mark E. Petersen By Hugh Nibley

source of inspiration as it has made my 3. The Red Carpet $3.50 9. Oliver Cowdery, Second Elder & Scribe

companions and me more aware of the By Ezra Taft Benson By Stanley R. Gunn $3.50

importance of each integral position, be it 4. The Glory of the Sun $3.50 10. The Master's Touch $3.50

ever so humble, to foster progress in a perBy Sterling W. Sill By Dorothy South Hackworth

fect and complete organization.

I I... 5. $3.50 11. Vol. Leadership, Vol. of Doctrines Salvation, $3.50

brother, Sincerely your R. By Sterling W. Sill By Bruce McConkie S. Jarvis Elder Jesse

6. 12. of II... Vol. Leadership, Vol Doctrines Salvation, $3.50 II $3.50 Brazilian Mission

By Bruce R. McConkie By Sterling W. Sill

DEAR FRIENDS OF THE ERA: books. To get the top book, you do

Although it is 1 a m, I must take this HOW TO JOIN... nothing... it will be sent to you posttell totime what you and write you a wonSend your check or money order for paid with a statement. If you do not

is. helping thederful magazine Era Upon

my motherin-law house clean, I asked her your first selection checked below. want the book, return the postcard

she was have some copiesto let me no Your book, plus your free book, "From always provided for an alternate (or edition, old to keep.longer going In an

November 1958, was a history and portraits Within These Walls"will be sent postnone at all). Buy as few as one book

of presidents. This our great copy just paid. Each every three months to keep your inspirAll copies have me.overwhelmed

active. membership With every four information.ing

My a fifth thanks again. month, you wil books receive you accept, you

Sincerely, receive reviews book of your choice free... a savIliene Daugerfieth Mrs.

Kearns, Utah of several fine ings of

Inc. Club, Books

SALT LAKE CITYIDAHO TEEN LDSP. O. BOX 400 10, UTAH 1 188 SOUTH MAIN

Pictured Anis Harlow Please enroll me as a member of the LDS Books Club, Inc. Enclosed is my check or dersen, Sterling Ward,

American Falls ( Idamoney order for $ for my first selection checked here.

ho) Stake, who was 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 recently awarded his I understand I will receive "From Within These Walls"absolutely free for joining this

Duty to God award. month.

Harlow also has earned LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. 1062

four individual awards Box 400, Salt Lake City 10, Utah and is secretary of the NAME YMMIA.

ADDRESS CITY STATE

OCTOBER 1962 693 Music Co 327 BROADWAY - IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO The Church

THE WEST'S LARGEST Moves MUSIC AND MUSICAL

MERCHANDISE DISTRIBUTOR On FOR ALL YOUR MUSICAL PROGRAM NEEDS

STANDARD SOLOS VOCAL—Secular and AUGUST 1962

Sacred Collections Vocal Methods and

PIANO METHODS - SOLOS AND FOLIOS

ORGAN METHODSSOLOS AND STUDIES

INSTRUMENTAL METHODS - SOLOS -

COLLECTIONS Immediately following their traditional Sunday morning radio

BAND METHODS & BOOKS broadcast, members of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir departed

ORCHESTRA METHODS & BOOKS by special twentycar train for their 1962 Northwest Concert Tour.

Elder E. Evans Davis sustained as president of Vancouver

CHORAL ARRANGEMENTS—( British Columbia ) Stake with Elders Keith Humphreys and Albert SAB - SATB - TTBB -SA SheetsSSA or—

Folios H. Penn as counselors. They succeed President Ernest E. Jensen

CANTATAS - MUSICAL PLAYS and OPERA and his counselors, Elders F. Linden Castle and Archie E. Gibbon.

SCORES DICTIONARIES - THEORY AND HARTwo great theater performances, matinee and evening, were

MONY BOOKS given by the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir at Portland, Oregon.

SEASONAL MUSIC - EASTER - CHRISTSaid Martin Clark, critic of the Portland Journal, "The Salt Lake

MAS, Etc. Mormon Tabernacle Choir is the most impressive of choirs

ALL SUGGESTED L.D.S. MUSIC AVAILABLE today for its massive membership and its amazing quality of

Earlier choir the tone."had been complimented by Governor

ORDERS SHIPPED AS DAY THE SAME for of Hatfield witness its "daring and inspiring Oregon Mark O. RECEIVED, IN THE ANY PLACE WORLD

of the Savior."

pf| As the special train of the Tabernacle Choir arrived in Vancouver, British Columbia, this morning, it was greeted by nearly three hundred persons—local Saints, friends, and missionaries, singing the songs of Zion. The choir presented afternoon and eveningFILMS performances at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre, as part of the Vancouver International Festival. Before its performance, US Senator

AND PRINTED per roll Frank E. Moss of Utah read a greeting to the festival from President

in will part: that said "I F. this occasion which Kennedy, know

Exposure For or 12 B * any 6, 8 exists trust to the friendship the W Roll Johnhelp underscore and which between

Roll 35c per only PRINTS JUMBO... Tabernacle States has played Choir United Canada. and The

COLOR FILM membersa vital role. in.. ourmy ownappreciationcultural life,for theand Choir'sI hope toparticipationextend to itsin

this Festival."DEVELOPING

KODACOLOR In Seattle, the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir presented its first 8-Exposure Roll per of two evening performances at the Field House in the arena

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

Roll 1 2-Exposure per at the Century 21 Fairgrounds. Six thousand persons crammed into

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll the arena to hear the choir, which last performed in Seattle at the

Color Reprints 20c each AlaskanYukon Exposition some fiftythree years ago. Of the 1962

Postcritic Seattle for the music Voorhees, performance, John SLIDES COLOR as well evening, rewarding "It a musically wrote: Intelligencer, was

Slides per 135 mm Color inspiring one."in also, ways, an many as one that was Dev. and 20exp., Mount $ i.35 roll

135 mm Color Slides per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Color per Movie LSI William Howard Allen as president of the Northern California 25'Roll $1.35 roll 8 mm,

Mission succeeding President Warren E. Pugh. President Allen

is currently serving as president of the Granite (Salt Lake City)GENEALOGY PHOTOS 1950. chairman since been held position Stake, a he has He has of OLD NEGATIVES MADE three the past for welfare the of church Pioneer the of Region each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS,

off NEGATIVE, 4c each years. He has also served as a counselor in the stake presidency

Allen Carter bishopric. His in a wife Maxine as a counselor coin only - no C.O.D.*s and Send will misto this children him accompany of their three two and Guarantee MoneyBack sion assignment.

SAM'S PHOTO. AA Salt Lake City,LABUtah P. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Depf

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. 1

IIIIipKf:

This was Utah Day at the Century The stabilizerequipped Queen Elizabeth in Seattle. Exposition21 The Taberthe secondnacle Choir gave of two and Queen Maryby far the world's largest

nightly concerts there and was well superliners -offer fiveday express received. crossings to and from Europe! No other

The Tabernacle Choir gave its concert in Tacoma, Washington. form of transportation provides as much.

It in fieldhouse the was presented to Each year, over 100,000 passengers sail to and from Europe large audience. theaccommodate An

estimated one thousand persons who aboard the Queen Elizabeth and Queen Mary. Here is a true

were unable to get seats at either tribute to the luxury, speed, travel value, and fun of these in Seattle,concert went the forty two superliners—the world's largest. When you travel tomiles the choir to hear in Tacoma.

Europe, sail aboard the "Queens"—or any of five other

The First Presidency announced Cunard liners in regular service from New York and Canada.

the appointment of Elder Howard B. Anderson of Scarsdale, New Cunard also offers a yearround cruise program

York, as president of the California to suit every season, taste and budget.

Mission, succeeding President Bryan

L. Bunker. At this call, President Luxurious cruises aboard the fast, elegant, airconditioned

Anderson is serving as a member of Caronia and Mauretania take you to enchanting ports the New York Stake high council. throughout the world. The program includes cruises to the

is Salt a former City LakeHe resiMediterranean in Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring; to in the east since has lived butdent

1956. His wife Midene McKay the North Cape in Summer; Around the World, or to the

Anderson and their two children West Indies and South America in Winter.

will go with him to the mission

Cunard by air, too! Cunard Eagle "Londoner Jet"service offers 3 nights

field.

The First Presidency announced weekly to London via Nassau and Bermuda from Miami and Jamaica.

that President Grant S. Thorne, presiGETTING THERE IS HALF THE FUN! GO

dent of the North British Mission for the past year and a half, was being transferred to the new Northeast British Mission. He will besucceeded in the North British MisCUNARDCUNARD LINE / CUNA RD EA GLE AIRWA YS

sion by President Alva Dunford

Greene. SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT

The appointments of Mrs. Olive L.—

Smith of Salt Lake City and Mrs. Please send me, without obligation:

Mary Ellen Smith of Bountiful, Utah, Brochure on travel to Europe. I am interested in sailing First Class to membership on the general board Cabin Tourist

of the Primary Association were Cunard Eagle Airways literature.

announced. Brochures on the following cruises:

The final performance of the Salt

Lake Tabernacle Choir Northwest (Write in Name of Cruise and season) concert tour took place before an enthusiastic, capacity at Name—audience

Spokane, Washington. Address-

(Continued on page 754) City -Zone -State.

The name of my travel agent is.

Mail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

OCTOBER 1962 695 EARN EXTRA MONEY!

SELL

CHRISTMAS CARDS An EstablishEngraved with ment of

LATTERDAY SAINT SCRIPTURES Religion

Complete Line of Christmas Cards THESE TIMES By Dr. G. Homer Durham

with or without scripture President, Arizona State University, Tempe LDS GIFTS - WRAPS - RIBBONS PERSONALIZED STATIONERY

Ideal for Agents—Wards—Scouts

Send for FREE Album

"Congress shall make no law respectdeveloped, the word quickly came religion, or to mean ("establishrnentism") the # ing an establishment of prohibiting the free exercise thereprinciple of a state church.

SERVICE GREETING CARD CO. The words in the First Amendment

signify to the to undoubtedly were meant Amendment 4937 Durfee Avenue—First esshall States. that Congress of the law Constitution make no United

Pico Rivera, California tablishing a state church to adminIn a statement to the Senate Judiciary ister and prescribe official, legally

Manufacturers of Committee, August 2, 1962, Bishop enforceable religious practices. On

James A. Pike, an attorney qualified the other hand, the remainder clause

Fine LDS Gifts to practise before the US Supreme clearly indicated that neither was

Cards and Stationery Court, suggested that the words Congress to pass any law prohibiting "establishment of religion"in the the free development of churches,

Congratulations on Your Baptism First Amendment be replaced with religious bodies, and religious prac- "the recognition as an established tices. LawyerBishop Pike's suggesCall to Mission Field church of any denomination, sect, or tion would produce the following

Advancement in Priesthood organized religious association."result:

The press has reported that Sena- "Congress shall make no law

New Assignment tors Robertson (D. Va.), and Stennis respecting the recognition as an

(Request Samples on Approval) (D. Miss.), thought the suggestion established church of any denomithe best yet received since the sonation, sect, or organized religious

called "prayer decision."association, or prohibiting the free

There can be a great many differexercise thereof."

ences between religious practices The eighteen century phrase, "an and "an establishment of religion."establishment of religion,"implies an WHEAT MILL This much has been clear for many organized, duly established, religious

ONLY years. By judicial interpretation, the body. If the First Amendment is

$695 wordshave come"establishmentto include aof varietyreligion"of amendedearlier intent,to attemptsome problemsrestorationwillof

POSTPAID religious attitudes and expressions—remain. ANYWHERE

IN THE as well as the concept of organThe Virginia Statute of Religious

NITED STATES ization. Liberty, June 16, 1786, disestablished

grinds or Cracks and The Oxford Universal Dictionary the Episcopal Church in Virginia. corn wheat,

of hard Principles introduced (3d ed., on Historical bill was reThe in June 1779.

grains, soft IIor kinds strenuously "estabbut It was opposed 1955) notes the word min. vised, lbs. per ORDER Vi

BY MAIL GUARANTEED lishment"migrating into English passed after seven years of battle.

George about 1481 was Mason, and James Madison, AD. A 1596 meaning

of establishing."action SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS "the its passage. Jefferson secured As usage Thomas

PEHRSON HARDWARE 21 15 So, 1 lth East, Salt Lake City

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jefferson was author of the bill. Some

language from the Virginia statute suggests that interest may have run towards modern problems, as well as those of eliminating the state church.

Here are some phrases from the BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth bill ( which Jefferson believed to rank about the "lying allure of liquor."

in importance with his authorship of HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by thethe Declaration of Independence) "... Almighty God hath created alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about

the mind free, and manifested his liquor to want to have no part of it?

supreme will that free it shall re- "IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual it altogether inmain by making Insurance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF allsusceptible of restraint; that

attempts to influence it by temporal THOSE WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile

punishments, or burthens, or by civil insurance company, for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for incapacitations, tend only to beget you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money

habits of hypocrisy and meanness, at the same time.

areand a departure from the plan of the reliIf you are a nondrinker, * we invite you to investigate, and inholy author of ourgion,... sure with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile

"... the impious presumption of insurance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who

legislators and ruler, civil as well as say, "No Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an

ecclesiastical, who, being themselves explanation of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of drivers, return this coupon now.

others, setting up their own opinions "IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such enACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON deavoring to impose them on others, hath established and maintained standPlease theresend ismenocompleteobligation.information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. IEI under10-62

false religions the greatest over part of the world through and all Name. My xpires:auto insurance

time.... Address. Month

"... to compel a man to furnish City -StateDay contributions of money for the OccupationYear.

propagation of opinions which he Age.Age of principal driver of auto -Age of youngest driver.

disbelieves and abhors, is sinful and Make of Car..YearNo. Cylinderstyrannical.

"... forcing... him to support this Body type & Model (Scries)

or that teacher of his own religious UseMaritalof CarStatusQ ofPleasurePrincipal Driver:Business Q ToMarriedand fromwith.work-.children -miles one way.

persuasion, is depriving him of the Single, living at home D Single comfortable liberty of giving his confDrinfr Send me free copy of Christian Herald article.

tributions to the particular pastor whose morals he would make his ACCIDENTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL pattern, and whose powers he feels INSURANCE COMPANY most persuasive to righteousness....

"... our civil rights have no de150 South 4th East, Dept. 660

pendence on our religious opinions, Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 41931

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

OCTOBER 1962 coming 01 me oon any more than our opinions m physics or geometry; that therefore

the proscribing citizen as unany confidence the public worthy by it shall comeAnd laying upon him an incapacity of being called to offices of trust and emolument, unless he profess or reto pass nounce this or that religious opinion, is depriving him injuriously of those privileges and advantages to which, in common with his fellow citizens, he has a natural right....

"... to suffer the civil magistrate

to intrude his powers into the field of opinion and to restrain the profession or propagation of principles on supposition of their ill tendency is a dangerous fallacy, which at once destroys all religious liberty, because he being of course judge of that tendency will make his opinions the rule of judgment, and approve or condemn the sentiments of others only as they shall square with or differ from his own....

"... it is time enough for the rightful purposes of civil government for

its officers to interfere when principles break out into overt acts against peace and good order....

"... finally, that truth is great and

will prevail if left to herself; that she

is the proper and sufficient antagonist to error, and has nothing to fear from the conflict unless by human interposition disarmed of her natural weapons, free argument and debate;

errors ceasing to be dangerous when it is permitted freely to contradict them."iders, Most thoughtful men and women

today will agree with the Jeffersonian views which underlay disk5 JL JL C-JL A JL h-J V-/ establishment in Virginia, and, the

Only a prophet can foresee the future—but this intensely First Amendment.

fascinating book, based on a complete research of the However, many today will seriousscriptures and writings of the general authorities, foretells ly question the practicality of the idealistic notion of civil rights being the fate and future of the world and its inhabitants. The able to stand alone, rationally mainauthor goes into great detail, clearly showing, interpreting, tained and supported. Have "civil

and explaining each interesting facet of the prophecy by rights... no dependence on our redrawing on a vast reservoir of statements by various prophets. ligious opinions, any more than our

Here truly is a knowledge of the future as revealed by ancient opinions in physics and geometry"?

Perhaps this could be true in the and modern prophets.

eighteenth century Virginia wilder- $3.95 ness. But today it has been demonstrated in world wars and more local

circumstances that the better doctrine was expressed by another Virginian, George Washington. In the

BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah Farewell Address, September 17,

Please send copies of "Prophecy—Key To The Future"1796, fortified, no doubt, by the exat $3.95 each, for which I enclose my check or money order cesses of the French Revolution

for $ (which occurred after the Virginia lame. Statute's passage) (when the "Goddess (Continued on page 754)

Address.

City.... Zone..State.

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By Paul H. Dunn and Cherie B, Parker. Never has By Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis. Designed especially for By Rulon S. Ho wells. A unique pictorial account

the need been greater for clear, effective teaching. those who must give 2'/2 minute talks, here is a of Mormonism which is inspiring investigators and

Here is a tremendous teaching aid for teachers remarkable collection of nearly 100 stimulating, members all over the world. Hundreds of rare

in Auxiliaries and Priesthood quorums and in stirring, and impressive stories that can be applied photographs, vivid drawings, and fullcolor paintteacher training. Useful for every Bishop, parent, to hundreds of different talks. ings give new meaning to church history.

Priesthood leader, and all who need to be better $1.75 $3.95

teachers. %m

By S. Dilworth Young. Here is a fascinating book By James E. Talmage. Out of print for years, this By Ezra Taft Benson. The former Secretary of

for young people in which a master storyteller much soughtafter volume is available once again. Agriculture discloses the internal threat to the

has recreated the setting of Brigham's youth. Few outof-print books of our time are so sought American way of life, and speaks out sharply

Vivid illustrations reveal the secrets of the flintafter or so much quoted as this authoritative against the direction our nation is headed, warnlock gun, special animal traps and other woods volume on modern temple ordinances. ing that socialism is the royal road to communism.

lore this great colonizer learned as a lad.

$2.50 $3.50 $3.50

C flM Mi I kkkki

Happiness is the desire of all mankind. We believe simply that that force,

Each has a right to be happy. Many that power, emanating from somewhere,

strive sincerely to make the most and creating everything, is a personal God.

best of themselves. Surprisingly few, Equally important to faith in God is

however, realize that a sure guide to belief in the Beloved Son, through whom such achievement may be found in the God revealed himself the only "... name

declaration of Jesus of Nazareth: "He under heaven given among men, wherethat findeth his life shall lose it: and by we must be saved."(Acts 4:12.)

he that loseth his life for my sake shall Remember when one of his followers find it."(Matthew 10:39.) This signifisaid: "... Lord shew us the Father,..."

cant passage contains a secret more Christ said, "... Have I been so long

worthy of possession than fame or domintime with you, and yet hast thou not ion, something more valuable than all known me, Philip? he that hath seen me

the wealth in the world. But it springs hath seen the Father;..."(John 14:8-9.)

from within. You cannot buy it. You I like to feel that when I kneel down to

cannot command it. pray that I am praying to an intelligent

It is a principle or standard, the applipersonal being personifying God the cation of which promises to supplant Father, whom Christ the Beloved Son discouragement and gloom with hope personified.

and gladness; to fill life with contentAnother standard or principle is free

ment and peace everlasting. agency. When that Father said in the

What are the standards that bring beginning, "... thou mayest choose for

happiness? I feel with all my soul that thyself,..."(Moses 3:17) man had

the world must come to them, and you received a part of God's divinity. None

and I should find joy in heeding them. other of his creations has it—the power

What are some of them? of choice. You may do good or do evil.

The very first, the foundation of hapYou may say "yes"or "no."

piness and peace in this world is faith in Free agency not only to think, but to

God. Great men recognize some power speak and to act and to work is a Godin the world, a force that is beyond given privilege.

comprehension. Several years ago some Jacob, the Book of Mormon prophet,

of the leading scientists of the world taught:

were asked if they believed in God, and "Therefore, cheer up your hearts, and ninety percent of them said, "Yes."But remember that ye are free to act for

for the most part they do not know just yourselves—to choose the way of everwhat he is. There is some power or lasting death or the way of eternal life."

force; they see it all around them. But (2 Nephi 10:23.)

you cannot bow down to electricity. And the Lord gave this to us in this

You cannot bow down to the atom. Man dispensation:

is well on the way to mastering the atom, "For the earth is full, and there is the greatest force he knows. Man is enough and to spare; yea, I prepared all

greater than any of the physical forces things, and have given unto the children known to him. of men to be agents unto themselves."

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Right to be Happy

THE EDITORS PAGE / PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

(Doctrine and Covenants 104:17.) get discouraged and feel that some of

There is another standard which we your friends have things that you have should cherish, and thank God for—the not. Be satisfied with the things you

power of selfmastery—selfcontrol. A have and make the most of them, because

man who yields to temptation is not you have above everything else in the happy. A woman who yields to every world parents who were married in the

impulse is not happy. She has pleasure, temple of God, and you are their chilyes. Man has pleasure in indulgence. So dren eternally.

does every animal. But indulgence is You who have the gospel of Jesus

not manhood. It does not lead to GodChrist know beyond a shadow of a doubt

hood. That climb requires effort, rehow full of blessings, privileges, and

sistance, overcoming. The skylark sings opportunities is the gospel when one

and rises by virtue of the opposition of actively engages in the activities of the the air, and he sings as he rises. Church.

Is the truth in the paradoxical stateHappiness comes from obedience, ment, "losing one's life to find it,"so from living the standards of the gospel illusive that mankind cannot grasp it? of Jesus Christ. Obedience to the

Or is it so in conflict with the struggle standards of the Church always brings for existence that men consider it happiness.

impractical?

God bless you young people especially The fact remains that he who is "the

Way, the Truth, and the Life"has herein that you may have power to maintain bravely, courageously the standards of set forth an immutable law, obedience to which will ameliorate those social and the Church wherever you are. Be brave

economic conditions in which "Man's inenough, be courageous enough to maintain the dignity of man, young man.humanity to man makes countless thouMaintain your beauty and your virtue,

sands mourn."

all, as members, Specifically stated, this law is, "We young woman. May we

set examples before the world to mainlive our lives most completely when we tain the principles of the gospel ofstrive to make the world better and happier."The law of pure nature, surJesus Christ.

vival of the fittest, is selfpreservation at "Happiness is the object and design of the sacrifice of all else; but in contrast our existence"; the Prophet Joseph Smith

to this law of true spiritual life is, "Deny once said, "and will be the end thereof, self for the good of others."if we pursue the path that leads to it;

Appreciate the things you have if you and this path is virtue, uprightness, would be happy, not yearning for somefaithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the thing beyond you. Appreciation of commandments of God."(DHC, Vol. V,

things around is one of the standards of pp. 134135.) If the gospel gives salvathe gospel. I commend it to fathers and tion to man, and it most assuredly

mothers, and husbands and wives. I does, happiness is the attribute which

commend it to young men and young each one should possess. Let us all

women and to boys and young girls who strive to be truly happy!

OCTOBER 1962 701 WHAT IS MEANT BY THE WATERS ABOVE THE FIRMAMENT?

question: "in the Book of Moses, "'And I, God, called the firchapter 2, verses seven and eight, mament Heaven; and the evening

it says: 'And I, God, made the and the morning were the secfirmament and divided the waters, ond day'

"My question is this: What isyea, the great waters under the YOUR

firmament from the waters which meant by the waters above the are above the firmament, and it was firmament? None of the members

class have the answer!"so even as I spake'QUES of the

answer: The meaning of the began. The noun, therefore, de-"firmament"as we find it in GeneTION notes extension. Hence the R. V.

sis, chapter two, verse eight as rendering is 'expanse'which is corgiven in the Standard Dictionary, rect. The Hebrew is a strictly

'firmaterm. accurate The word, the sky."of heaven; expanse is "The BY

to the mistranslation is a ment'to ANSWERED due according "firmament"wordThe its original meaning connotes somefalse astronomy of Alexandria inthing compact, solid, or firm, and JOSEPH the third century BC. The Greeks

at one time there was the belief believed that the sky was a solid FIELDING that the earth was the center of crystalline sphere. Hence the raqia

the universe, that the sun, moon, of the Hebrew was rendered in theand stars revolved around the SMITH Greek Septuagint version by the earth. However this was not the PRESIDENT OF word steroma, which was again

belief in the beginning. The ancient THE COUNCIL translated into the Latin Vulgate

inhabitants of the earth, from the OF THE TWELVE by Firmamentum, from which days of Adam down, for centuries the A. V. word 'Firmament'was

understood that this earth is a globe, derived."

or a world, revolving in space around the sun. We We read in the book of Abraham that the Lord

read in the book of Moses that the ancient inhabitants revealed to the ancient worthies many things pertainof the earth had a perfect understanding in relation ing to his kingdom, and how he had created worlds to this earth and other earths which the Lord created. without number, and that they have passed through

We are informed that Methuselah was an astronomer the same course of development that we are going and was well acquainted with the stars. Dr. D. E. E. through today and have gone on to their glory. The

HartDavies, in an article published in the Journal of ancient prophets wrote and sang about the stars. They

Transactions (Victory Institute) in discussing this were well acquainted with them. The shepherds out

question has this to say: with their flocks at night sang and wrote about the

"But, as a matter of fact, the idea expressed by the stars. What is there more beautiful than the words

English word, 'firmament'from the Latin firmamentum, of David that perhaps he sang while tending his flocks which does denote something strong and solid, is not in the clear shining of the stars on a beautiful spring found in the original Hebrew. The word there is evening: "When I consider thy heavens, the work of

(raqia), which means that which is stretched out, thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou attenuated, or extended. The verbal form of the root has ordained;

was used to describe the beatingout of gold into "What is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the

thin wires or threads fine enough to be sewn into the son of man, that thou visitest him?

priestly garment. The extremely thin goldleaf which "For thou hast made him a little lower than the

remains after the goldsmith has finished his task repreangels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour.

sents the raqia of the piece of pure metal which he "Thou madest him to have dominion over the works

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of thy hands; thou hast put all things under his natural answer to this question is no! We have become

feet:... so accustomed to speaking of the firmament of heaven

"O Lord our Lord, how excellent is thy name in that the meaning of the word when so expressed has all the earth!"(Psalm 8:3-6, 9.) a far different connotation from what it did perhaps

It is a foolish notion to think that the ancient inwhen the translators first employed it. Today everyhabitants of the earth were ignorant of the heavenly one knows what is meant by the firmament of heaven.

bodies. They were acquainted with many of the That it is not a solid dome but the open expanse

constellations and the movements of the planets and of heaven.

sang about them. Thus Deborah and Barak, after their The question naturally has been asked why did not

victory over the Canaanites sang a song of triumph Joseph Smith change the word back to its original in which they said: "... the stars in their courses connotation? Why should he have done so when the

fought against Sisera."(Judges 5:20.) Moreover, we whole world had become familiar with the interpreread in the words of Job, that he was evidently an tation as the word firmament is applied to the expanse

astronomer, at least was well acquainted with the stars of heaven?

In his defense against the accusations of his torIn the Book of Mormon we discover that the mentors he said: Nephites had a perfect understanding of the heavens.

"I know it is so of a truth: but how should man be The Aztec calendar stone, seen in many places in

just with God? Mexico, is a remarkable manifestation of the wisdom

"If he will contend with him, he cannot answer him and scientific knowledge of the ancient inhabitants of one of a thousand."the American continent. They were not ignorant

Then speaking of the power of the Lord he says: people when they were keeping the commandments

"Which removeth the mountains, and they know not: of the Lord, and they understood the heavens as well

which overturneth them in his anger. as people do today.

"Which shaketh the earth out of her place, and Even my days go back to the time when the astronthe pillars thereof tremble. omers were speaking of the great galaxies scattered

"Which commandeth the sun, and it riseth not; and throughout the universe as great masses of cloud dust

sealeth up the stars. out of which worlds are created. Today with their more

"Which alone spreadeth out the heavens, and treadperfect methods and instruments for discovery and eth upon the waves of the sea. measurement they have now come to the truth which

"Which maketh Arcturus, Orion, and Pleiades, and the Lord revealed to Moses, that these great clustersthe chambers of the south. galaxies—of stars are separate and distinct universes;

"Which doeth great things past finding out; yea, and moreover, th&t space is filled with them—some of them

wonders without number."(Job 9:1-3, 5-10.) so far away from us that it has taken hundreds, yes, in

From these passages written anciently we learn some cases thousands of light years for the light which that the people of the Lord from the beginning knew reaches us to come to us from these wonderful galaxies.

the nature of this earth, the course it is pursuing which What a great and wonderful thing this is! It all conis the same that has been covered by other worlds firms the words of the Lord to Moses:

throughout the eternities. They were not ignorant of "... The heavens, they are many, and they cannot

the planets circling our sun in their established courses. be numbered unto man; but they are numbered unto

It was not until a later age, when men had fully me, for they are mine.

departed from the teachings of the prophets, that man- "And as one earth shall pass away, and the heavens kind lost touch with the heavens and began to look thereof even so shall another come; and there is no

upon the earth as the great center around which everyend to my works, neither to my words.

thing revolved. It was at this period of time when the "For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring

word firmamentum was substituted in the writings of to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."

Moses. Should we endeavor to change it? The (Moses 1:3739.)

OCTOBER 1962 703 1) The stonelined With the completion of the first full season of archaeological excavation on tunnel thought to be a the Nauvoo Temple site, we can report not only a productive beginning, but drain for the baptismal anticipate an even richer and more interesting second year. The main task this

font. The interior surpast summer has been the removal of approximately five feet of overburden

faces of the stone are finely which carries the excavation to the depth of the foundation walls. There awaits

dressed and the whole is for another season the removal of additional rubble and ash which still covers constructed without the the floors of the temple.

use of mortar presumDuring the past summer, archaeological work has been conducted on the ably to allow for seepage site by Southern Illinois University under contract with the Church. The

into the sand which specimens from the site have been taken to SIU laboratories where they are surrounds the structure. being studied, and a report on this season's work is in preparation.

2) Tom Walker, Western At this point, however, we can outline several important accomplishments.

Illinois University, excaFirst, the north, east, and south walls have been located and exposed. The

vates a masonry structure excavation of the west wall awaits the removal of several trees and a house.

near the east wall. Second, we have an idea about the probable interior arrangement of the base-

3) Excavation along ment, although full details will have to wait until the entire area is exposed.

the south wall. In the Third, we have discovered several interesting features which, although not

foreground can be seen entirely excavated, are nevertheless probably connected in some way with the tops of foundation the temple. And fourth, a fair sampling of artifacts from the Mormon and

stones which await later eras is available for study. Here again, another season's work in the

careful hand excavadeeper portions of the site will give us a much better idea of Mormon culture tion with trowel during the Nauvoo period.

and brush. With regard to the excavation of the walls, it should be pointed out that

4.) Dave Crowell, a great deal of the stone was removed by the Icarians (a French communistic

Southern Illinois Universociety which moved into Nauvoo after the Mormon exodus) for use in other sity, and Betty Marker, buildings, one of which, a school, still stands on the temple block. Also on the

Salt Lake City, staff block are the foundations of two Icarian apartment houses said to be made artists, work on the of temple stone.

profile drawings of the Nevertheless, several large foundation stones were recovered and left in temple site. place to mark the outlines of the walls. It was anticipated beforehand that

5) George Rauback, left, little would remain of the original foundation stones, and so an attempt was and Bob Talbert, made by carefully troweling and brushing to locate the impressions of any students at Southern missing foundation stones. Along the south wall and the western portion of the

Illinois University and north wall, some success was had. The impression of the northeast cornermembers of the Church stone was also uncovered. However, a large part of the north wall toward its

from Southern Illinois eastern extent, and portions of the east wall were destroyed by bulldozing

District, Northern States activities of a few years ago. In one place along the north wall, the dozer actually

Mission, participate in the cut down through the wall and destroyed it completely. In other parts, the

careful uncovering of rubble was compressed into the clay by the weight of the machine, and only foundation stones along the rubble impressions could be recovered.

the north wall. Preliminary guessing as to the floor plan of the basement has gone on

6) Bob Talbert, Carbondespite the fact that some rubble and a great deal of ash remain to be removed dale Branch, cleans a before the floor is exposed. It now appears that along the north, south, and

feature thought to be the east walls a series of rooms, possibly for robing, were constructed. One of

results of Icarian rebuilding these was about fifteen by twenty feet. The floors of these rooms were set

after the 1848 fire. a few inches below the foundation stones, and {Continued on page 744)

OCTOBER 1962 705 Color photographs by Church Information Service.

Copyright 1960 by Corporation of the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

A Latterday Saint temple in St. George,

Utah, first ever completed in the far west. Dedicated

April 6, 1877. Built by pioneers while they colonized

the southwestern section of the state and grew cotton in the warm climate of Utah's "Dixie."

Looking Toward the Temple

JOHN A. WIDTSOE

FORMERLY OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE APOSTLES

EDITOR'S NOTE A short time prior to his passing in 1952, Dr. John

A. Widtsoe, a member of the Council of the

Twelve Apostles and editor of The Improvement

Era, penned an article on the temples. Since that

time his material has been in the files awaiting an appropriate time to come forth. We are

pleased to present herewith as part of this series on temples and temple work, a part of this article edited from the work of Dr. Widtsoe.

Illustrating the article are exterior and interior views in full color of the St. George (Utah)

Temple. Brigham Young proposed construction

of a temple in St. George in 1871, ten years after

the city was founded. The temple occupies a

commanding position in the valley on a sixacre plot in the southeastern section of the city. The

building cost about $500,000 and required six years of hard toil and sacrifice to complete. It

was dedicated April 6, 1877. The colored photographs are by the Church Information Service,

copyright 1960 by the Corporation of the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints.

The temple is a house or home of the Lord. Should needs of the spirit from which all other things of life

the Lord visit the earth, he would come to his temple. issue are held of paramount importance.

We are of the Lord's family. We are his children The temple is a place of revelation. The Lord may

begotten in our preexistent life. Hence, as the earthly there give revelation, and every person may receive

father and mother and their family gather in the revelation to assist him in life. All knowledge, all

family home, so the worthy members of the Lord's help come from the Lord, directly or indirectly.

family may gather as we do in the house of the Lord. Though he may not be there in person, he is there by

The temple is a place of instruction. Here the prinhis Holy Spirit and by earthly men holding the priestciples of the gospel are reviewed and profound truths hood. By that Spirit they direct the Lord's work

of the kingdom of God are unfolded. If we enter the here on earth. Every person who enters this sacred

temple in the right spirit and are attentive, we go out place in faith and prayer will find help in the solution enriched in gospel knowledge and wisdom. of life's problems.

The temple is a place of peace. Here we may lay It is good to be in the temple, the house of the Lord,

aside the cares and worries of the outside, turbulent a place of priesthood instruction, of peace, of coveworld. Here our minds should be centered upon nants, of blessings, and of revelation. Gratitude for

spiritual realities, since here we are concerned only this privilege and an eager desire to possess the spirit with things of the spirit. of the occasion should overflow in our hearts.

The temple is a place of covenants, which will help The temple, with its gifts and blessings, is open to us live righteously. Here we declare that we will obey all who conform to the requirements of the gospel of

the laws of God and promise to use the precious Jesus Christ. Each person who is worthy may apply

knowledge of the gospel for our own blessing and the to his or her bishop for a recommend to enter good of man. The simple ceremonies help us to go out the temple.

from the temple with the high resolve to lead lives The ordinances there performed are sacred; they

worthy of the gifts of the gospel. are not mysterious. All who accept and live the gospel

The temple is a place of blessing. Promises are and keep themselves clean may partake of them.

made to us, conditioned only upon our faithfulness, Indeed, all faithful members of the Church are invited which extend from time to eternity. They will help and urged to make use of the temple and to enjoy

us to understand the nearness of our Heavenly Parits privileges. It is a sacred place in which holy

ents. The power of the priesthood is thus given us ordinances are given to all who have proved themin new and large measures. selves worthy to partake of its blessings.

The temple is a place where ceremonies pertaining Whatever the gospel offers may be done in a temple.

to godliness are presented. The great mysteries of life, Baptisms, ordinations to the priesthood, marriages, and

with man's unanswered questions, are here made sealings for time and eternity for the living and the clear: (1) Where did I come from? (2) Why am I dead, the endowment for the living and the dead,

here? (3) Where do I go when life is over? Here the prayer circles, gospel instruction, councils for the work

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Far left. The Garden Room in the

St. George Temple.

are for performed Left.marriagesThe sealing room where

well eternity as as for time.

Above left. Resting on the

figures of twelve castiron oxen, is the baptismal font in the temple.

The World Room in the temple.

Left. This Assembly Room in the

St. George Temple is a spacious

hall in which special meetings are held.

Left. The Terrestrial Room.

Right. The richly furnished and beautifully decorated

Celestial Room.

of the ministry, and all else belonging to the gospel verses 3941 of the Doctrine and Covenants: "Thereare there performed. Indeed, in the temple the whole fore, verily I say unto you, that your anointings, and

gospel is epitomized. your washings, and your baptisms for the dead, and

Much of the ordinance work of the temple is made your solemn assemblies and your memorials for your clear to our finite minds by the use of symbols. Since sacrifices by the sons of Levi, and for your oracles in

man cannot fully fathom or express eternal realities, your most holy places wherein you receive conversahe lives in a world of symbols; for example, speech tions, and your statutes and judgments, for the

and writing are only symbols. We make a few beginning of the revelations and foundation of Zion,

strokes of our pen, r-o-c-k, the symbol of the hard, and for the glory, honor, and endowment of all her unyielding stuff of which mountains are made. L-o-v-e municipals, are ordained by the ordinance of my

is a symbol of the mightiest and sweetest emotion holy house, which my people are always commanded given to man. A flag is merely a combination of to build unto my holy name.

colored cloth, but it is the symbol of our country. "And verily I say unto you, let this house be built

Every ordinance has a symbolic meaning; as we are unto my name, that I may reveal mine ordinances

buried in water and brought out again, in the therein unto my people;

ordinance of baptism, the death and resurrection of "For I deign to reveal unto my church things which the Lord Jesus Christ is symbolized. The walls of have been kept hid from before the foundation of the

some of the temple rooms are in some instances world, things that pertain to the dispensation of the decorated with views illustrating the period of existfulness of times."

ence which those rooms represent. In the temple all are dressed alike in white. White

It is not to be expected that the temple ceremonies is the symbol of purity. No unclean person has the

can be comprehended in full detail the first time right to enter God's house. Besides, the uniform

a person "goes through"the temple. Therefore, the dress symbolizes that before God our Father in heaven

Lord has provided means of repetition. Temple work all men are equal. The beggar and the banker, the

must be done first by each person for himself or learned and the unlearned, the prince and the pauper herself; then it may be done for one's dead ancestors sit side by side in the temple and are of equal imporor friends as frequently as circumstances will allow. tance if they live righteously before the Lord God,

This service will open the doors of salvation for the the Father of their spirits. It is spiritual fitness and

dead and will also help fix upon the mind of the understanding that one receives in the temple. All

living the nature, meaning, and obligations of the ensuch have an equal place before the Lord. It is

dowment. By keeping the endowment fresh in mind, a beautiful symbolism.

we shall be better able to perform our duties in life From beginning to end, going through the temple under the influence of eternal blessings. is a glorious experience. It is uplifting, informative.

The ceremonies of the temples are comprehensively It gives courage. The candidate is sent forth with

outlined in the revelation known as section 124, increased understanding ( Continued on page 765

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA N*#s*<-""

aWa *!fc Brother Romney in the greenhouse north of the temple, Salt Lake City.

G. MARION

ROMNEY OF THE QUORUM OF THE TWELVE

BY ELDER HAROLD B. LEE

The announcement of the appointment of Elder Marion G. Romney as the newest member of the Quorum of the

Twelve Apostles at the October 1951 general conference of the Church occasioned no great surprise to most church members. For nearly eleven years he

served as one of the Assistants to the

Twelve and had, during that time, directed the farflung activities of the church welfare program as the assistant managing director. The membership of the Church had

come to know him as a fearless and courageous defender of the faith and possessor of outstanding qualities of leadership.

Few men in our day have come into the council with a broader background than he or with more varied experience and distinguished church and public service in preparation for the lifetime calling of an apostle. From serving as a president of a

Parents George S. and quorum of seventy, he was called to preside as bishop

Artemesia Redd Romney of the Thirtythird Ward of the Liberty ( Salt Lake 1933 in while George S Stake and later was sustained as the president of president was of the

Northern States Mission. In the Bonneville Stake.

1918 Elder was Romney staTo those of us who have been privileged to work tioned at Utah, Douglas, Fort after which he played football intimately with him, there has come a deep appreCollege, basketball for Ricks and ciation for the "Romney traits"in this noble son,

Idaho. Rexburg, as a Working

carpenter, young Romney put as were in others of his forebears as described by an himself through college and uncle: "a mental and emotional characteristic pecuthen served a mission to

Australia, the picture being liarly noticeable in the family—an indomitable will,

taken in that country in 1922, which is reinforced by a courage and honesty of a year before his marriage. On

September 12, 1924. he married purpose, admired even by those who disagree with

Ida Jensen in the Salt Lake them in matters of judgment."

Temple. Sister Romney's picture

was taken same year, prior From the stern discipline of a childhood and to ceremony. youth begun in one of the pioneer outposts of the

OCTOBER 1962 713 Church and from the events which followed, one might find at least a partial explanation for the rugged character and the unusual insight and understanding which stamps him immediately as a wise counselor among men and a powerful advocate of the truth.

He was born September 19, 1897, the eldest son and second child of George S. Romney

and Artemesia Redd in Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico. The Romney and Redd

families, along with many other faithful

Saints, had been allowed by the Mexican authorities to colonize in northern Mexico in 1885. Here they built their own communities and developed a culture which was

very typical of other rjioneer Latterday

Saint communities throughout the West during the latter part of the nineteenth century. The Deseret News described one

such "typical"pioneer community:

They were led by men of faith of whom it was said they never rested; when they

tired, they merely changed jobs.

"They were thrifty and industrious.

"They all subscribed to the Church Deseret

News which was at that time their chief means of communication for these distant communities with the leaders of the Church in Salt Lake City.

"They paid their debts promptly.

"They took care of their own poor."

These AngloMexican Saints in faroff Mexico measured fully to these pioneer standards.

The year 1897, when Marion was born, brought some experiences and tests to the

Romney family which were to try their very souls. His father had been a teacher in the

schools of Colonia Juarez. A schoolteacher's

Brother and Sister Romney in 1955 just before they left for Australia to divide that mission field, and thirtytwo years after Elder Romney's return from that mission. In 1951 the two sons and eight

daughters gathered to honor their mother Artemesia on her 77th birthday. Still living, Mother

Romney resides in Provo. June 1958 found the

Romneys touring the Samoan Mission. And in

1961 they visited with young church members outside their elementary school in Mexico City. On

arriving for their 1955 Australian visit the Romneys were greeted at the Brisbane airport by church officials.

Opposite page: Elder Romney spoke to Trailbuilder boys of the Ben Lomond (Utah) Stake in

1953.

.

wages were such as to require additional income from to the rigid discipline of near poverty, yet they were summer employment to take care of the barest necessialways "rich towards God."Their childhood requireties of his young family. In the summer of 1897, the ments of the pioneer dictum as expressed in simple

father and his brother Miles contracted to sell proviterms: "Eat it up, Wear it out, Make it do, Do withsions to a large mining company in Cananea in the out,"may have seemed severe to this young growstate of Sonora, Mexico. His mother writes of the dising son.

appointments and near tragedy attending this summer's In his mature years, as he occupies an important role employment: "As summer drew to a close (it was in the church welfare program, where "thrift, honesty,

August 1897, only one month before this new baby was and work are to be enthroned in the lives of this to be born ), George made preparations for the last trip people,"one could well believe that his early training to the mines. The summer's work had been long and served to lay the foundation for the service he was to

hard, but it had been profitable, for he had earned give as the directing head of this great Church wel- $1,000.00 in Mexican money.... Upon arriving at the fare program today.

mine for this last time, he went immediately to the It was in July 1912 (Marion would have been in superintendent and asked if he might get his pay. his fifteenth year) when the Mexican Revolution

The superintendent courteously received him and told broke out, and because of the danger to the families him that since he was traveling home alone over the of the colonists they were forced to leave for the States.

lonely mountain route, it would probably be unsafe Many of you who read this brief writing may have to carry cash. For this reason, George agreed to heard Elder Romney's recital of the feelings of a

accept his payment in the form of a check. Two weeks young teenage boy through these stirring events. Here

later, when he attempted to cash the check, he learned, are a few excerpts:

to his dismay, that the mine had gone broke and was "How well I remember the night in July 1912, closed down. The check was not good."when Father came home from priesthood meeting

To complicate their financial situation further, the with word that the decision was made for women, father had just received a letter from "Box B"which children, and older men to leave the next day for meant a call from the First Presidency for him to serve El Paso. I confess that the prospects were exciting

as a missionary in the Northern States Mission. Those and full of romance and adventure. But the soberness

with less faith would have wavered, but not this of the situation began to register when we were dedicated, devoted couple. There was no question as aroused early in the morning following the decision

to his decision. Eight days before Marion G. was and made ready to leave.... Before leaving on our

bornSeptember 19, 1897the father left for his misjourney to the station, I sat on a chair under the sion where he served for thirty months. Then, as apricot tree at the back of the house while Father

always faithful devoted leaders must have equally cut my hair. As he did so, he told me that he would

devoted wives, and this resourceful, talented young have to stay home, (Continued on page 740) mother with her two infant children rose to the occasion. About these eventful

thirty months, the mother wrote: "With no visible

means of support... we

were confident that the Lord would provide for us, too...

I worked hard and found great joy in my children....

I managed to save about $75.00 from washings and

knittings, which I sent to George to help him on his mission."Inured as the family was

OCTOBER 1962 168 deaths from cancer—only 2 of the lung

were nonsmokers.

THEWORDOFWISDOM BY DR. ROBERT J. BEVERIDGE

Part II (Conclusion)

In 1952 the people of the United States were appraised of the problem of tobacco and cancer of the lung.

They therefore turned to the American Cancer Society for answers as to this "cancer scare."The American Cancer Society determined that its responsibility to this country would include making a study that

would establish, once and for all, a definite relationship, if one existed, between smoking and cancer of the lung. Dr. Hammond and Dr. Horn embarked on a study that was to last for ten years.

This study included 220,000 white men between the ages of 50 and 70 in what was then thought to be the cancer age. Of this group, 187,783 were selected to be included, in that they were thought to

be in good health. This group of men came from over 400 different counties, from all parts of the nation;

the very rich, the very poor, and those in between. They came from the big metropolis and from the

isolated farm. Men from many professions and occupations were included. They represented an impartial

crosssection of men of the United States.

This group was divided into two classifications: on one side, the smokers, and on the other side, the

nonsmokers. The smokers amounted to approximately 52 percent of the group, approximately the percent in this country that smoke now, over the age of fifteen. These smokers were then divided into

categories determined by how much they smoked and how long they had smoked: half a pack, a pack,

two packs; five years, ten, twenty. The nonsmokers were divided into two classifications—those who had

never smoked and those who had once smoked but had stopped. The information was then put away

to be studied ten years hence.

After fortyfour months, however, curiosity of the researchers got the best of them, and so they brought the study up to date. Here, in round figures, is what they found: Of the approximately 188,000 men,

over a period of 44 months, some 11,900 of them died—about what you would expect in a group of this

size and age range. The exact cause of death was known in approximately 4,800 of those who had died—

either by an available biopsy or an autopsy. Of this latter group, there had been 844 die of cancer; 168

died of cancer of the lung, or almost three times what they had expected. Of the 168 that died of cancer

of the lung, 152 of them were smokers—16 were not.

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Of these 16, 14 were smokers who had become and chronic bronchitis? Five times as common in

frightened and had quit. In other words, out of the smokers as nonsmokers. What about peptic ulcer,

168 who had died with cancer of the lung, there were some perpetual vascular diseases—3 times more in

2 nonsmokers. smokers than nonsmokers. How about asthma

In England at the same time, there was another and reports from the American Heart Association series of tests being conducted. It included 1,357 presented at the annual meeting last year? It is appeople dying of cancer of the lung—7 nonsmokers. parent that coronary artery attacks and fatalities run

Other such studies and statistics are available and as high as three times higher in smokers as in could be quoted, but is there any doubt in anyone's nonsmokers.

mind that there is a cause and effect relationship A very interesting statistic has been reported recently.

between cancer of the lung and smoking? If there The average daily smoker (whether he smokes a few

were not, then 52 percent of the people dying of cigarets or ninety apparently makes little differcancer of the lung should be smokers, because that ence provided he is an everyday smoker) lives on an is the percentage that smoke, but in the United States average of nine years less than the average nonsmoker.

and around the world, approximately ninety percent Instead of living to be 69, he will live to be a little of the patients who die of cancer of the lung over 59 years. The same thing apparently holds true

are smokers. with the women smokers, except that it has been

"But, doc, what are my chances of getting cancer estimated to be approximately eleven years difference of the lung?"Let me put it this way: If you should between the smokers and nonsmokers among women.

leave by the front door of your home today, one in Several big insurance companies are taking a very ten of you will be killed in an automobile accident long look at these statistics, and, in the near future, this evening. That's too bad. But, if you will take it might be reasonable to expect that smokers will be

my advice, you will leave by your back door, because paying higher premiums for their health and acciif you will do this, then only one in 274 of you will be dent insurance as well as their life insurance.

killed in an automobile accident today. Now rememThere is an especially sad side to this, an aspect

ber, I know something about your doors that you of cancer of the lung that I see daily. If it were

do not know. You had better take my word for it. possible tomorrow, for me to see in my office one

These are the statistics! hundred people who, following my examination were

If you are a nonsmoker, your chances of getting found to have a cancer of the lung, I could say to each cancer of the lung are one in 274, but if you are of forty of them, "Mr. Jones, I am sorry. You have

a heavy smoker, your chances of getting cancer of a cancer of the lung, but my examination makes it the lung are one in 8 or one in 10; 6400 percent apparent that it has spread beyond bounds. There

greater chance! "Yes, but doc, I only smoke half is nothing we can do for you, sir. We will try to

a pack a day."This is still unfortunate, because your keep you comfortable, but you should go home and

chances of getting cancer of the lung are about ten make out your will because you have approximately times that of mine. eight months to live."That is the average.

Let us look at some other aspects of smoking, other This lets me say to each of the sixty, "Mr. Brown,

than cancer of the lung. How about cancer of the lip, you have cancer of the lung. From my studies and

tongue, throat, and esophagus? Seven times higher examinations it is apparently limited to your lung.

in smokers than in nonsmokers! How about asthma It means that you must have a major operation and

emphysema (the worst disease of man in my opinion) that you will lose (Continued on page 749)

OCTOBER 1962 717

DECICIOUSBY LAWRENCE C. TAYLOR

EDITOR'S NOTE such an admonition has been given, as shown by the following:

Although this article was written from United "Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend you,

States statistics, Churchwide directives are used that you may be instructed more perfectly in theory, from the Doctrine and Covenants to indicate the in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in fundamental nature of "A Time for Conscious all things that pertain unto the kingdom of God,

Decisions"for all Latterday Saints wherever they that are expedient for you to understand;

may live. Statistics in other nations would un- "Of things both in heaven and in'the earth, and

doubtedly reveal the same general conclusions that under the earth; things which have been, things which

the author has drawn in this article for Latterare, things which must shortly come to pass; things

day Saints living in the United States. which are at home, things which are abroad; the wars

Lawrence C. Taylor is manager of contracts and the perplexities of the nations, and the judgand customer services at the Wasatch Division of ments which are on the land; and a knowledge also

Thiokol Chemical Corporation. He is also a memof countries and of kingdoms—

ber of the technical committee on occupational "That ye may be prepared in all things when I shall and cultural needs of the Utah State Coordinat- send you again to magnify the calling whereunto ing Council of Higher Education. For this com- I have called you, and the mission with which I have

mittee extensive research has been done by the commissioned you.

author pertaining to the socioeconomic factors "Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn the people, affecting the society of 1975 and their impact on and it becometh every man who hath been warned posthigh school education. This article is an outto warn his neighbor."2

growth of information obtained. through this Any realistic planning for our future welfare and

research. particularly that of young people, should include

The author is presently a member of the North insights into educational and occupational projections.

Box Elder stake high council. Formerly he was An ever -increasing proportion of our work force in

in the bishopric of the Ventura Ward at Ventura, the future will be employed at work which, by some,

California. Prior to that he was in the branch is considered to be nonproductive. More and more

presidency of the Austin, Texas, Branch. of our labor power is going to be expended in the

service industries in ways that do not bring into

A wellknown cliche of our era declares "there is existence physical, tangible, vendible commodities. An

nothing so constant as change,"and perhaps the most increasing amount of our labor power is going to be distinguishing characteristic of life today is indeed applied where "it perishes at the very instant of its the tremendous dynamism at all levels in all places. performance"to quote Adam Smith, the father of

This condition does not come upon us entirely unanmodern economic writing. This condition will cause

nounced, however, since members of the Church were difficult adjustment for some who are not psychotold by revelation in 1831 that in the last days "... the logically prepared to accept it. But this is what autowhole earth shall be in commotion,.. Z'1 mation is doing for us, and we must develop attitudes

The dynamic changes presently being experienced that make it possible for us to enjoy the fruits of in our day will surely continue to accelerate at an mechanical servants.

increasingly rapid rate as the Lord fulfils his promise The electronic breakthrough with resulting automa- "to cut short his work in righteousness."Undoubtedly, tion will continue to cause major shifts in the world's

such rapid and farreaching changes will bring economy. It has been estimated that through the

distress and difficult adjustments in some quarters, combined factors of machines taking over jobs, and but great and marvelous things will also be enjoyed an unprecedented increase of persons to the work by mankind as these changes pave the way for usherforce, some 60,000 new jobs a week over the next ing in the long awaited millennium. fifteen years must be created in the United States

The ability of the Saints to meet the future sucalone to meet the needs of the work force. 3

cessfully depends not only on their adherence to These adjustments to our economy will require counsel of inspired leadership but also requires the increased mobility of labor. Young people must be

exercise of prudent planning and teaching based on prepared for traveling and moving around in the the best secular information available. By revelation, future society. Parents should psychologically prepare

OCTOBER 1962 719 themselves and their children for this eventuality. rapidly during the next fifteen years than for any

More young people in the future will be required to period since World War II. G

leave home at a relatively early age to gain educaIt is important to note that the pool of talent availtional training. This experience in past years has able for the supply of skilled craftsmen is more limited

sometimes meant leaving the areas of church organtoday than it has been for any period in the past, and ization to go to places where there were no branches the expectations are that this condition will prevail or wards. Where going away to school in the past during the next fifteen years. This is due to the exmeant leaving church activity, it now means being pectation of fewer skilled immigrants coming to the

prepared to give church service and leadership while United States and lagging interest in this occupational away. Young Latterday Saints should be educated area by the nation's youth.

to this concept. The increasing societal emphasis on an academic

A major study by the National Science Foundation career and college education to meet the job needs shows that by 1970, the total civilian economy in the of the future has had an important impact on the

United States will need 1,484,000 engineers, for an supply of both technicians and craftsmen. The proincrease of nearly 90 percent over a 1959 NSF estimate portion of persons of college age enrolled in instituof 782,800. 4 The study further indicates that during tions of higher learning is now almost ten times as

the 1950's about 23 percent of new entrants into the high (close to 40 percent of total college age) as it field of engineering did not have engineering degrees was at the turn of the century. 7 In view of the inand predicts that unless the number of engineering crease in numbers and proportions of young people

graduates increases at a greater rate than total college now going on to college it is evident that the pool of graduates, new entrants coming into the field of talent available from which technicians and craftsengineering not holding engineering degrees may men can be drawn is that much more circumscribed.

reach 80 percent. In the face of signs of lagging interest in the skilled

In the face of a general rise in college freshman crafts by the nation's youth, it was determined that enrolments in the United States the number of engifor every 100 skilled workers in the work force in neering freshmen for 196162 declined for the fourth 1955, industry will require 122 by 1965 and 145 year in succession. 5 More startling is the reduction by 1975. 8

in relative standing of engineering enrolments. FreshOne explanation for the lack of recruits for the

man engineers represented 10.8 percent of total freshskilled crafts is offered by Carl Huhndorff, Director of

men in 1957. By 1960, this percent had dropped to Research for the International Association of Machin-

7.3, and this year the percentage is expected to fall ists, who says: "The American people have developed

below 7 percent. the kind of snobbery that admires a $75 a-week bookThus the United States will soon feel the impact of keeper and looks down on a $150 a-week tool and

continued low engineering enrolments through indie maker simply because he gets his hands dirty."9

evitable shortages of graduating engineers. A survey of Los Angeles parents substantiates this

Not only does the scarcity of engineers suggest a contention. Only seven percent of the parents said

manpower problem for the future, but so also does they would permit their children to enter mechanical the scarcity of qualified technicians. The electronic or industrial trades. 10

breakthrough in the fields of automation and dataThis revolution of human aspirations is seen very processing has created the need for an abundance of pronouncedly as parents try to dampen their children's technicians not now available. The problem is one interest in mechanical training and drum up enthusiof developing an immediate manpower force of asm for academic pursuits. The use of college as an

qualified technicians to satisfy the current demand and instrument of social status is so prevalent in our society accelerate this manpower growth parallel with inthat there are large numbers of people in college who dustry's exponential need for technicians. would fare better individually and society would be

Likewise the training of skilled craftsmen reprebetter served if they were instead acquiring training sents a unique problem. Although there is a present as technicians and craftsmen.

high rate of unemployment, paradoxically there is Some authorities claim the public high schools fail a shortage of skilled workers in the United States to provide the proper guidance or instruction for boys which isn't likely to ease in the foreseeable future. with mechanical ability. It has been stated that some

The demand for craftsmen is expected to go up more high schools still (Continued on page 734)

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LOST ROAD

The lost road twists and turns and bends,

And every curve enchantment lends

To those who seek unbeaten ways

And images of other days.

The lost road strolls by rustic homes,

By green wheat fields and haystackdomes,

By folds where wobbly lambs are greeting

A newfound world with lusty bleating.

The lost road wears soft, dappled lace

Of sun and shade across her face,

From old trees only Nature prunes,

Whose branches murmur ancient runes.

The lost road will not hurry one,

Nor with the speed signs worry one....

Oh, life will surely be bereft

If no lost lazy roads are left.

BY GEORGIA MOORE EBERLING

OCTOBER 1962 721 COTTON AND THE BOOK OF MORMON BY ROBERT H. DAINES

PROFESSOR AND RESEARCH SPECIALIST

DEPT. OF PLANT PATHOLOGY

RUTGERS UNIVERSITY

Cotton, one of the four most important crops in the United States, has played a relatively unknown but dramatic role in the history of our nation and the world. 1 Once thought by visitors

in India to be wool growing in tufts on shrubs, cotton today has become wellrecognized as the chief material used in our clothing and the source of dozens of products we regard as modern necessities. It has changed the destinies of countries and continents. Cotton was a

major factor in producing the industrial revolution that elevated England into a position of world power. More than a century ago it helped precipitate the Civil War in our own United States.

In India cotton has been cultivated and woven into cloth for at least five thousand years 2 and has been an item of commerce in that area for many centuries. Cotton did not come

to America with Columbus but on the landing of the Santa Maria, Nina, and the Pinta, the exploring party from Spain found the Indians wearing clothes made of cotton. This contributed to the belief that Columbus had reached India. That cotton was spun into fabrics

by the inhabitants of this hemisphere long before Columbus is shown by the fact that cotton fabric has been found in excavations of prehistoric civilizations in Utah, Arizona, and Peru. 2 4

Dates from radioactive carbon have placed the age of cotton fabrics in Peru well into the preChristian period.

How did the cotton used and cultivated and the knowledge of weaving of its lint come to

America at such an early date? Perhaps an answer to this question might shed light on some

basic questions raised by the account given to the world by an unlettered youth back in the early part of the nineteenth century. This account, the Book of Mormon, related that three

groups left southwest Asia during preChristian times, and after building ships sailed across the ocean, landing in the Western Hemisphere.

Let us start our quest by reading a statement found in the eighteenth chapter, sixth verse of First Nephi. "... we did go down into the ship, with all our loadings and our seeds,..."

This statement is part of the account of Nephi concerning their preparations for the sailing that was to take them across the Pacific to the New World. Concerning the Jaredites, the following is recorded in the book of Ether, chapter two, verse three, "... and thus they did carry

with them... seeds of every kind."Although these statements do not indicate the kind of seeds

referred to, there is evidence that cotton was brought by man from Southern Asia across the

Pacific to the Western Hemisphere during the approximate period indicated in the Book of

Mormon and was here cultivated by man. Furthermore, the evidence seems to indicate that

cotton, sometime after being introduced into the New World by civilized man, was introduced from the west into the Hawaiian Islands.

Wild species of cotton may be found in southern Asia, Africa, Australia, America, and some of the islands of the Pacific. These plants survive in competition with other vegetation only

in tropical and subtropical semidesert conditions. Since young cotton plants will not stand

shading, they soon die in uncontrolled plant communities where available water permits abundant plant growth in a climax population.

Investigations have shown that all forms of life, be they animal or plant, are composed of very small basic units called cells. When we examine them closely under the microscope, we

find that although the shapes and sizes of these cells may vary, all seem to possess one thing in common, a more or less spherical nucleus somewhere within the cell. It is to the nucleus that

we must turn our attention for the physical basis of inheritance.

By the use of stains and high magnification it has been learned that there is present in

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New World cottons were pretty well dis- T U M theytributed,wouldwherevergrow in

Latin America at the time of Columbus.

G Hi a s (/ 4r J? *t / o V

G. BARBADENSE

OCTOBER 1962 723

each nucleus a group of long coiled structures called covered that the many species of cotton can be divided chromosomes. These chromosomes contain the genes into three groups.

which are the hereditary factors of each organism. In l-(a) The cultivated cottons of the Old World, all

man, for example, we find that there are 24 pairs of of which contain the A genome ( a genome consists of chromosomes in each of our body cells and 24 single a set of chromosomes occurring in the genets of a chromosomes in each reproductive cell. In corn plants diploid plant), possess 13 pairs of large chromosomes

there are 10 pairs and in cotton there are 13 or 26 in each cell. These cottons have been cultivated for

pairs depending on the species involved. approximately 5,000 years in India and have been

Two gametes (reproductive cells containing one important items of commerce in many areas of the daughter chromosome from each pair of chromoOld World since preChristian times.

somes ), one from each parent, fuse in a process called (b) The wild species of cotton found in the Old fertilization. All of the millions of cells in our body World possess either the B, C, or E genomes. These

come into existence by subsequent division and growth cottons, which are endemic to Asia, Africa, and from the products of this fusion. Australia have 13 pairs of large chromosomes in their

In cell divisions in which body cells are produced, cells. They do not have a spinnable lint.

the chromosomes shorten and thicken. They then 2. The wild cottons of the New World contain the

split down the middle, each giving rise to a new D genome and have 13 pairs of small chromosomes, chromosome precisely like the original. Each of the and these cottons do not possess spinnable lint.

two identical chromosomes then migrates to an oppo- 3. The cottons of the New World which have been

site area of the cell. The cell divides with each of the cultivated here since prehistoric times, possess not

two daughter cells then containing exactly the same only the D genome of the wild American cottons but hereditary factors as the mother cell. In the prepaalso the A genome of the cultivated cottons of the

ration for division the two chromosomes of each pair Old World. These superior cottons, or their descendline up side by side. This is followed by a splitting ants, have 26 pairs of chromosomes (13 large and

lengthwise of each chromosome. This gives four 13 small) and currently produce the majority of the

similarly shaped chromosomes for each pair that world's cotton.

originally occurred in the nucleus. Two special cell These cytogenetic characteristics of the New World

divisions then occur in rapid succession. Four daughcottons immediately attracted the attention of a numter cells are thus formed each of which contains one set ber of capable plant scientists and during the past

of chromosomes, or half as many chromosomes as the three decades much effort has been expended to body cells. By the fusion of two reproductive cells determine their origin and relationships. In 1937

(gametes) in fertilization, the chromosome number is Skovsted 7 8 9 advanced the hypothesis that the New restored to the number characteristic of the species. World cultivated cottons had originated from a crossCytogeneticists have discovered that many of our ing of cultivated cotton endemic to southern Asia and

important plants originated as a result of crossing two a New World species. In that same year the colclosely related species. The offspring of such a cross chicine technique of doubling the chromosome nummay show considerable hybrid vigor but is often ber was discovered. Using this technique which

sterile due to the fact that the chromosomes of the two allows the scientist to synthesize polyploids (an indiparental species are dissimilar and do not pair together vidual possessing a multiple of the normal chromosome in preparation for the cell divisions giving rise to the number) at will, Beasley 1 working in Texas, and reproductive cells. The plant scientist has discovered Harland"7 in Trinidad each in 1940 independently

a means of doubling the chromosome number of the verified Skovsted's hypothesis. They crossed an

sterile hybrid. This allows each chromosome to pair Asiatic cultivated cotton with an American wild species

normally in preparation for the cell divisions, giving and obtained a sterile hybrid possessing 26 single rise to the reproductive cells. The polyploid thus chromosomes. By the use of the chemical colchicine,

formed may be fully fertile. Such a process does these chromosomes were caused to double resulting

occur rarely in nature and has given rise to such imin a new hybrid possessing 26 pairs of chromosomes, portant crop plants as wheat, oats, and the New World 13 large and 13 small. These plants are nearly identicultivated cottons. cal to and are cross fertile with the New World

Now that we have added a little information on cultivated cottons. Thus plant scientists have sucgenetics perhaps we are ready to start examining some ceeded in duplicating a feat accomplished by nature

of the facts in the case. many centuries ago in Ancient America. Not only

During the past few decades plant scientists have did this provide the answer to the puzzle of the origin made intensive studies of the existing species of wild of the New World cultivated cotton, but subsequently and domesticated cotton plants. Using modern techopened up an important new field of plant improveniques of genetics and cytogenetics, they have disment. Gametes for (Continued on page 751)

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints have an assurance, borne of the Holy Ghost, that the Lord God planned this world and charted its course from the beginning to the end. We testify

that at the proper times men were born to carry out

God's purposes. Some of these were moved by an

inspiration they did not understand; others had the

heavens opened and received direct revelation of the things they were to say and the action they were to take. Of the first, the making of the Constitution

of the United States is an example, as was the inspiration which moved the Pilgrims of 1620 to these shores. Columbus himself testified that he was inspired

to sail west. Of this second group, Moses, Isaiah, and

Joseph Smith are other excellent examples.

In each period of time these men met their destiny and o solved their problems against the economy of the times and the customs of the people of the day. During

the periods of history when they walked the stage and said their lines, events seem to have shaped themBY PRESIDENT selves in such a way that the performance of each. DILWORTH YOUNG was made possible by the intervention of divine

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY guidance. A student of history might say that events

shaped themselves in such a way that the right man the soil about the roots, the firmness of their anchorrose up at the right time. With the knowledge reage, the race for sunlight—tree versus tree—the

vealed of God, which we possess, it is clear that attacks of insects, fungii, disease, become important.

events didn't just happen, hit or miss, but rather So with the men who opened this dispensation.

that the design of the Master is traceable upon the There were factors which influenced them as boys pattern of the struggle. growing up and as men grown. Often these circumThe supernatural guidance of Joseph Smith to stances influenced their parents, too. Let us then

a stone box on a wooded hillside in western New York leave the larger sweep of events and enter the forest.

leaves us with but one conclusion: If it was destiny Let us look at some of the conditions which affected

for that boy to meet that angel at that place, then the trees. Let us see how John Young and his eleven

there had to be contributing factors which put that children met the problems of their conditions and boy in the neighborhood at that time. Further, if made it possible for Brigham Young to be in the

after he received the plates, which had so long lain place, in 1830, he needed to be.

in the box, he needed help to translate them, to publish their message, to organize the official Church of The Land—Why Was It Cheap

Jesus Christ, then events must have pressed others to be in the neighborhood also. Joseph Smith needed It is not our purpose to point out the vagaries and

desperately the assistance of men who would stand impulses of the English kings nor of their French true, men of strength and courage. Such men were counterparts. Nothing was known of the extent of

raised up. Their training in their environment gave North America; scheming nobles, favorites at the time,

them the skill and determination to meet the events could obtain grants of land in the New World. These

of their day and to conquer. How did it happen that lands, being unsurveyed and vague in boundary,

Brigham Young, for example, was living at Mendon, could not fail to overlap. Their very uncertainty gave

handy to Palmyra in 1830? Or that Oliver Cowdery excuse for grasping nobles to press claims as against

What scenes this old Joseph Smith home in Palmyra, New York, has witnessed!

Upstairs part of print shop where the Book of Mormon was originally printed.

An old and now rare view of the Hill Cumorah, where the plates lay.

happened along? Or that Martin Harris flamed with other claims. It is sufficient to our purpose to know

enthusiasm at the proper moment to supply the means that in 1786, nearly two years prior to the ratification to publish the translated record? The conditions of the Constitution of the United States by Massachusurrounding each of these men can be studied and setts and New York, they had not agreed to the

a case made for their presence by natural means, yet boundaries of their respective territories. The great

the fact that they were there at the right moment dispute was over a great tract of wilderness, composing justifies our feeling that long before the event, a all of western New York. Massachusetts laid claim

Master intelligence was making history in great, to this land. Apparently the claim had considerable

broad sweeps which were certain to bring about merit, for the commissioners appointed by each state the events. agreed that the title to the landthe real estate titleOne stands afar off and sees the forest. If it be should be in the name of Massachusetts, while the

in mountainous country, he can see where nature by political control should be vested in New York. This

the severity of its storms seems to say "This far and meant that the land could be sold by Massachusetts no farther,"to the trees as they reach timberline in which gave patent title, but that the taxes would be their migration up the mountains. But once among collected and deeds registered in New York. Massathe trees, one loses the broad sweep of events. Then chusetts'control would end on sale of the land. The

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

agreement had its opponents, but, surprisingly enough, interest would not have to be paid out of the bankrupt both state legislatures mustered the support to pass state treasury.

it, and it became law. (In January 1788 Massachusetts, Now in 1787 comes Oliver Phelps, another advenand in June of the same year New York, ratified the turous promoter and speculator. Having few resources

Constitution of the United States, and thus became of his own, he enlisted Nathaniel Gorham. Together

partners in the new experience in constitutional they made an offer, and after a good many manipugovernment. lating deals and chicanery, these two were finally sold

This tract included land which lay west of a line the entire tract owned by the commonwealth of Massawhich ran north and south just west of Seneca Lake chusetts for $175,000.00 to be made in three equal

in New York State. Its most fertile part was the payments for three years. This amounted to about

watershed of the Genesee River, which flows north 3 cents per acre. They didn't have the money, so they

across the whole state, emptying into Lake Ontario tried to find others to enter partnership, starting with near Rochester. fifty shareholders. Phelps must have been a persuasive

Those in control of the government of Massachusetts man, for he persuaded Livingston and the Genesee faced the poverty of an empty treasury. They could Company to surrender their lease, if Phelps could get

not pay the salaries of the state officers nor could full title from the Indians.

they pay the expenses of the men who served on the But the Indians would agree to part with only the commission to reach the agreement. How then could tract between the Genesee River and the Preemptive

they raise the needed money? An idea was soon line of Property, approximately 200,000 acres. Phelps

advanced. Sell this new land, and from the profits paid them $5,000 and an annual fee of $500.00.

put the commonwealth on its financial feet! Land While all this was going on, Phelps and Gorham

speculators joined in the demand for this action. had their land surveyed into a series of townships.

A spur to this solution was found in the efforts of an They had great difficulty in meeting the Massaimaginative speculator named John Livingston. New chusetts payments, and sold a large portion of their

York law forbade the making of private treaties with the Indians who were the actual primary right owners.

Before any speculators could deliver a solid title to any of the land, he had to somehow get title from the

Indian tribes. But the law forbade private treaties.

Livingston concocted the idea that he would lease the land from the Indian tribes for a thousand years.

There was no law to prevent this lease from being made. With several other adventurers, Livingston

organized the New York Genesee Company.

Meanwhile several bold British speculators conceived the same idea, organized the Niagara Genesee

Company, and entered the field to acquire land for themselves. These men were popular with several

of the Iroquois tribes and could have blocked the efforts of Livingston, but they did not do this. Instead land to Robert Morris (a signer of the Constitution)

Livingston persuaded them to join with him. Speed who wasn't above increasing his wealth by land

was essential to their success. In 1787 they entered speculation.

into a treaty with 47 chiefs of the six nations for all Morris in his turn, found the proposition large for their land west of the "line of Property"( the line above him, and sold the far western portion of his purchases referred to—see Map #1) for 999 years; the price was to a group of foreigners, mostly Hollanders. This be-

$20,000.00 plus $2,000.00 per year rental. The most came known as the Holland Company. They formed

prominent chief, Corn Planter, was heavily bribed, a'company and energetically organized a sales force, and influenced the rest to sign. Livingston then put large sums into access roads, and townsite imsigned a lease with the Oneidas for their lands lying provements long before these were needed. They

east of the line of Property. The total of both these opened their offices at Batavia.

efforts was about 12,000,000 acres—about forty percent It is a long tangled story. These speculators bought

of the entire state. cheap, but delays and overhead were such that with

The legislators in Boston became all the more little capital to back them they were in trouble most anxious to sell their rights so that the expense of a legal of the time. The net result was that land was offered

fight with the Genesee Company to protect their cheap to the restless settlers, who were ever pushing

OCTOBER 1962 727 west. Two dollars an acre was a good price, with little could raise his own necessities and later produce

if anything down, and years to> pay. a surplus for sale. But before he could farm, a man

The map shows this division in a general way. must clear the land. One has to experience it before

Here was land, cheap land, to be had with a title he can realize the immense amount of physical toil legally passed. Men like John Young could settle and it takes to clear land with hand tools. The ax, the

saw, the spade, handoperated levers, wedges, mauls—

the power to operate these came from muscle—and

was limited by the capacity of muscle to work.

The development of roads and turnpikes was the A key to the speedy enlargement of a community or a series of communities. How did it all come about?

A young man, we postulate, could not be absorbed by the home farm. It would hardly support those who

were there now, so he mounted a horse, tied his few yrtco belongings on the saddle, and went seeking a place of his own. The advertisements—largely by word of

mouth—told how cheap land was in New York. If

he hurried, he could get there first and have first choice of the virgin country. Furthermore, he could

buy on promise to pay. How much? From 50 cents

to $2 an acre; so he fared forth. As always, there

is a piece just over the next hill better looking than the place one just passed. This took the young man

MAP 1, EARLY LAND SALES far past the last settlement into the virgin forest.

Finally he found a spot to his liking. He erected

obtain title. Young men with new brides could carve a rough, leanto cabin, near a spring of water. If he

out an estate by dint of hard work and perseverance. was countrywise, he steered clear of the rich, black

The men who joined the Church in 1830 were largely loamy bottom lands of the rivers. No one knew why,

those who took advantage of the situation. They but one got "fevers"there. He then marked out by

needed land, cheap land; they were woodsmen. They tree blazes his projected farm, sought out the office

knew the uses of ax and saw. Generally they were of the land company, and contracted to pay so much

honest, upright, fearless men, who were not afraid a year for his piece. Then he returned home—months,

of work. or a year later, persuaded the girl on the neighboring

farm that he had found the pot of gold; would she

share it? She would. And so they rode off together,

Men Make Roads—Roads Make Men—Why Men this time in a borrowed wagon with a team of horses

Locate at Certain Spots or a yoke of oxen. All their meager possessions for

The settlers in a new country are limited by ecosurvival, and for future prosperity were in that wagon.

nomic law, just as we are today. To "develop"a counIf they wanted to get an early start, they would have

try simply means that a person enters it in its raw, sled runners under the wagon box instead of wheels.

primitive state and by way of effort, ingenuity, hard The main traveled road to the new land was up work, and some luck, uses its resources to his own the Mohawk River from Albany and Troy, New York.

advantage. To do this he must be able to get into This was originally the old Indian trail to the back

the country with his working equipment and get out country, the only natural water level route going west.

with the products. These he must sell at a price Like all virgin forest, the land was deep in the humus

greater than it cost him to produce them. The ease of a thousand years of falling leaves. This served as

with which he can haul his material to market has a sponge for the rain which fell with fair frequency.

a marked effect on his economical future. It wasn't long before the road became a succession

In the late 1790's, as the PhelpsGorham purchase of bog holes. It became impassable in the spring, and

was opened for sale (or if one liked it farther west impossibly rough the rest of the time. Soon the

he could buy from the Holland Company), the couple would leave this "road"and enter the trackproblem was to find the most suitable piece of ground less forest dodging a tree here, cutting a way there, for his purpose and then to occupy it. The chief fording streams, corduroying the bogs they couldn't

purpose of land in that day was for farming. One drive around. Finally (Continued on page 728)

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Era of Youth * October 1962 Marion D. Hanks, Editor; Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

"Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day,

and havingdone all, to stand.

a Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with

truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;

"And your feet shod with the preparation of the

gospel of peace;

"Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye

shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.

i('And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword

of the Spirit, which is the word of God;."

(Ephesians 6:1317.)

4n*\w4 / AW'.***'

'.'*m1\! givVS * * w J

\N it

n \ v. v y

heads forever the upon their added human soul:PUT ON THE WHOLE invade eternal therefore, These and forever.""Stand havingARMOR OF GOD your loins girt about with truth, truths, if you believe them with

Harold Elderby be as will a girdle your soul, having on the breastplate all B. Lee and

Cotinci! of the Twelveof the loins to about your of armor of righteousness

"Put on the whole armour of "And your feet shod ivith safeguard your virtue as you

God, that ye may be able to stand the preparation of the gospel would protect your life. But if

against the wiles of the devil. of peace; you allow the vain theories of

"For we wrestle not against "... and take the helmet men to cause you to doubt your

flesh and blood, but against of salvation,..."relationship to God, the divine

principalities, against powers, {Ibid., 6:1415, 17.) purpose of marriage, and your

against the rulers of the darkness Truth is to be the substance of future prospects for eternity, of this world, against spiritual ivhich the girdle about your you are being victimized by the ivickedness in high"places."loins is to be formed if your master of lies because all such

(Eph. 6:1112.) virtue and vital strength are to is contrary to truth which saves

So declared Paul the apostle be safeguarded. How can truth you from these perils.

implying that our most deadly protect you from one of the Now, what about the breastcontest in life is not with human deadliest of all evils, unchastity? plate which will safeguard your

enemies which may come with Remember that the Lord tells heart or your conduct in life?guns or bombing planes to destroy us that truth is knowledge—It shall be made of a stuff called

us, but with enemies ivhich "knowledge of things as they are, righteousness. The righteous man

strike out of darkness and may and as they were, and as they strives for selfimprovement, not be perceived by human senses. are to come"; (D&C 93:24.) knowing that he has daily need

Then the Apostle Paul goes on Those who make themselves of repentance for his misdeeds to picture each of us as a worthy and enter into the new or his neglect. He endeavors

warrior being clothed with the and everlasting covenant of to make each day his masterpiece essential armor to protect the marriage in the temple for time so that at night's close he can four parts of the human body and all eternity will be laying the witness in his soul to God that which apparently Satan and his first cornerstone for an eternal whatever has come to his hand vulnerable—throughhosts have found to beivhichthe mostthe familykingdomhomeivhichin thewill celestialbe forever. thatbest day,of hisheability.has doneHisto bodythe is

enemies of righteousness may Their reward is to have "glory not dissipated by the burdens imposed by the demands of riotous living; his judgment is

not rendered faulty by the follies of youth; he is clear of vision,

keen of intellect, and strong of body. The breastplate of righteousness has given him the 'strength of ten—because his

heart is pure."

Your feet, ivhich represent your goals or objectives in life, are to be shod with "The preparation of the gospel of peace."Preparedness is the way to victory,

and "Eternal vigilance is the price of safety."Fear is the

penalty of unpreparedness and aimless dawdling with opportunity. Whether in speech or in

song, in physical or moral combat, the tide of victory rests with him who is prepared.

ARMOR OF GALIOT DE GENOUILHAC (14651546),

THE METROPOLITAN MUSEUM OF ART. ROGERS

FUND AND GIFT OF WILLIAM H. RIGGS. 1917

MEETING OF ULYSSES AND MENELAUS

order to win the "battle of life"else all the armor in the world suggested for our protection would be of no avail.

To help us be aggressive in our fight we do ivhat Paul suggested: "Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.

"And take... the sword of

And now to the last piece the Spirit, which is the word of the prophet teacher's armored of God\"(Eph. 6:1617.)

dress. We will put a helmet Note how the "shield of faith"

upon the head. Our head or and the "sword of the Spirit,

intellect is the controlling member which is the word of God"of the body. It must be well When loved ones die, he doesn't work together. Guided by faith

protected against the enemy despair; ivhen he loses a coveted taught by the Word of God,

for "as a man thinketh in his contest, he doesn't falter; ivhen we view life as a great process

heart, so is he."Ours is to be war and destruction dissipate of soul training. By faith, as

the 'helmet of salvation."his future, he doesn't sink into the Word of God teaches, ive

Salvation means the attainment a depression. He lives above understand that whatever

of the eternal right to live in the his ivorld and never loses sight contributes to our becoming presence of God the Father and of the goal of his salvation. more like him, is good for us,

the Son as a reward for a good If we would refrain from even though painful to us life in mortality. With the murder, we must learn not to at times.

goal of salvation ever in our become angry; if we would free Thus schooled and drilled and

mind's eye as the ultimate to be ourselves from sexual sin, we prepared now for the contest achieved, our thinking and our must control immoral thoughts; ivith the powers of darkness

decisions which determine action if we would avoid the penalty and with spiyitual wickedness, will always challenge all that of imprisonment for theft, we "We... [may be] troubled on

tvould jeopardize that glorious must learn not to covet. If we every side, yet not distressed;

future state. The one who ivould be strong against all kinds we are perplexed, but not

confidently looks forward to an of temptation, we must prepare in despair;

eternal reward for his efforts in ourselves ahead of time, to meet "Persecuted, but not forsaken;

mortality is constantly sustained the temptation face to face. cast down, but not destroyed;"

through his deepest trials. There must be courage and (2 Cor. 4:8-9.)

When he is disappointed in love, determination and continual Youth of Zion, put on the he does not commit suicide. aggressiveness to the right in whole armor of God!

YOUR ATTITUDE IS YOUR ARMOR Temptation is everpresent and each of us—quietly and sometimes unconsciously—develops

an attitude toward sin which determines our response to temptation. If we feel that sin

is determined by what the prevailing social pressure demands, our response to temptation will be relative. If we honestly

regard sin as a breech of our personal relationship with God, we will be armed with an attitude that resists the allure of the moment.

RY ANN DAYNES, JENNIFER RALPHS, MAC OSWALD SIEGE CATAPULT

*V?: *&&

MEDIEVAL HELMET

Two men in the Old Testament temptation in two important its seriousness and even, at times, provide us with different ways. He not only recited to feel "justified"because some

examples of response to tempher his master's goodnsss to people "deserve"to be sinned tation: David and Joseph. Both him, a servant, for "neither hath against. LehVs description

were "chosen."Both were men he kept back anything from me,"of social pressure as it affects

of exceptional ability who had but he rebuked his temptress members of the Church noted "arrived"socially. Both were because he would not "sin how others, in addition to enticing

human, however, and were subagainst God."Second, he faced us, would have "the attitude of

ject to temptation. his "moment of truth"honestly, mocking and pointing their

David's initial view of and rather than yield to circumfingers"at those of us who

Bathsheba bathing was probably stances he did something too partake of the gospel. Some of

unavoidable, but as he mentally few of us do: he "fled, and got us, according to Lehi, are made

dwelt upon the prospects of him out,"avoiding the further "ashamed"not because the immorality, his thoughts led risk of falling. gospel is not good, but simply

him to action: He "sent and If we see sin only as a breech because others are "scoffing"

inquired after the woman"and of our relationship with other at us.

fell. He became concerned too humans, we can rationalize away When we see ourselves as a

late when the consequences of son or a daughter of God and his sin affected his personal strongly desire not to hurt our relationship to his loyal follower, relationship with God by sinning

Uriah, the husband of Bathsheba, against him, then we will havewhose death he finally ordered put morality on its proper plane—

to avoid the complications of one that arms us with attitude discovery. When David thus and perspective, which permits

fell, he ended one of the most us to look beyond men and outstanding careers on record. the moment, and which, instead

Joseph, having been tempted of causing us to "inquire after""day by day"by his master's temptation, will cause us to wife responded differently to "flee"from it.

by ISeal Maxwell Dean of Students, University of Utah

WOODCUT BY ALBRECHT DURER

COIN OF SIDON

MAC OSWALD, JENNIFER RALPHS

ROMAN SHIELD WITH BOSS, BRONZE

PARTLYSILVERED, FOUND NEAR MAINZ,

WIESBADEN MUSEUM

People are different.

So are their problems.

Likewise their temptations.

Ditto their needs.

A coat of armor, to give the best possible protection for a rewarding life, should be custom fit. Take a practical

approach to the Apostle PauVs suggestion and become aware of your particular requirements as you don the armor of God. Find your

n Achilles'heel"and cover it. Enjoy the comforting qualities of complete coverage.

THE SHOES OF

PREPARATION

Have you set your goals?

Do your feet travel the right paths, take you to the right places Do you knoiv your own iveaknesses and guard against placing yourself in a situation where you'll be tempted beyond what you can endure?

Are you prepared with answers, convictions, determinations firm—evenwhich strengthenalone—noyou tomatterstand

what?

THE SWORD OF THE SPIRIT Do you have a testimony of the gospel of Christ?

Do you appreciate and use the gift of the Holy Ghost to guide you in determining right from wrong in everything you do?

Do you care more what your Heavenly Father thinks of you than what your friends think?

THE SHIELD OF FAITH

Can you believe without seeing?

Can you admit to God's allknowing qualities and act on faith?

Is your patience increasing?

Can you make yourself do what you ought to do whether you like it or not?

Aggressively attack the problems of life by seeking after the good, the spiritual. CARTOONS BY DAVE BURTON

ACHILLES'HEEL

He was Achilles, the Greek hero the River Styx, but the heel by which of the Trojan War. For ten years he she held him was untouched by

fought, invincible to the enemy. the water—and it was here he

ujI cin Yet he was killed. Why? Because received his fatal wound. This page

when putting on his armor it from Greek mythology can serve was not complete. His mother one well: put on the whole

Thetis had thought to make him armor of God.

invulnerable by dipping him into by Reed Blake

ILLUSTRATION BY PHYLLIS LUCH

THE HELMET OF SALVATION

How important is salvation to you?

You are ivhat you think. You

do what your mind tells you.

What kind of thoughts are you thinking?

What kind of experiences are influencing your thinking?

Hammer out distorting, weakening, degrading thoughts.

Read and absorb the good things in life.

Watch and pray always.

DAVE ROBINSON, MAC OSWALD, LARY ANN FORSBERG

THE BREASTPLATE OF RIGHTEOUSNESS

What feelings in your heart motivate your actions?

Do you honestly try to practise the Golden Rule?

Do you ivholeheartedly love the

Lord? Your fellow men?

Your enemy?

Are you comfortable in a religious atmosphere?

Let your conscience be your guide.

THE GIRDLE OF TRUTH Do you know why you are here on earth?

Do you mingle with friends tvhose ideals are high?

Do you study the scriptures for greater understanding?

Be willing to change your environment (your work, friends, hobby demands) if it isn't a good influence, by Elaine Cannon

J feel that being the daughter %For the past two years I have Last summer I attended the of an LDS serviceman has been living in Europe ivhere my University of Heidelberg, and been a wonderful opportunity father has been a mission this ivinter I studied in Sivitfor me. Not only has it enabled president, and now is the legal zerland. Both times I was

me to see many interesting and counsel for the Church. During able to tell others of the gospel.

fascinating places, but it has that time, I have had many In Switzerland I ivas asked to given me a fuller appreciation of opportunities to teach the gospel. give a lecture on "Mormonism."

how the work of the Lord grows It has not always been easy It ivas the first time a Mormon and progresses. Living in Alaska being here. My brother and had ever been to that school,

for nearly five years, and now I attended the American high and they were curious. After

in Germany, I have had a firstschool in Stuttgart, Germany. the lecture, each Sunday I would

hand look at the tremendous This in itself was a challenge. have three or four girls in my

growth of our Church. When The boys and girls in that school room for Sunday School. We

we first arrived in 1055 the did not live the life that we had ivould listen to the Tabernacle

Saints in Anchorage, Alaska, known in Salt Lake City. Choir then read and discuss

were meeting in a log cabin. Smoking and drinking among Church books. It was the first

Today there is a large stake in the students was a common thing. time I had ever realized how

Anchorage which is continually One could not express himself much my Sunday School and growing. In Germany one mission without using the Lord's name Mutual training at home had

has grown into five', new stakes in vain. It gave us the oppordone for me.

have been organized; and people tunity of showing them something Living in the mission field hasare being converted daily. It is they had never known—the truly strengthened my testimony.

wonderful to be here in the gospel. Whether by example or Our gospel is a beautiful blessmidst of it all. by ivords, we had the privilege ing. If we would live it as

As a Mormon 1 have always of doing missionary work. Christ would have us live it,

been in the small minority, we would be the greatest force which meant that as soon as for peace and good on the face people realized I was different of the earth today.

I was watched to see if I really lived the standards that the by Kathleen Cannon

Church stands for. This is quite

a challenge and it has made me more aware of everything I do.

Perhaps more than anything else living away from the center of the Church has given me a greater appreciation of the things that those in Salt Lake City or right at the center of the Church take somewhat for granted: being able to attend

the general conferences, hearing the prophets of the Lord speak, and visiting Temple Square.

Sometimes I think that it would have been nice to have grown up in Salt Lake City thankful for all the opportunities I have had in moving from place to place, thereby gaining what I feel is a strong conviction of the truthfulness of the gospel.

by Helgard Voigt

WOODCUT BY ALBRECHT DURER

SHIELD, GERMAN [AUGSBURG), 15BO, THE METROPOLITAN MUSEUM OF ART, ROGERS FUND, 1904

THE FIRST ATTACK, BATTLE OF HASTINGS, 1066 AD (BAYEAUX TAPESTRY)

excuse personal references, I would cite these examples.

When I arrived in Stuttgart, I was fifteen years of age.

After having attended school for some four short weeks, the word was out that I neither drank nor smoked. At first I was

placed by those with whom I came in contact in a class by as one should, and remaining

CARTOON BURTON myself. The football team would, adamant so far as the teachings BY DAVE

after winning a game, indulge of the Lord were concerned, in some of the ill practices people began to take me for what previously mentioned. Of course, I stood for and took special care

this was out of the sight of the that there were plenty of soft coaching staff. Three years drinks for me.

CATAPULTA later, because of the fact that People don't smoke as much (GALLIC) I had withstood temptation and in front of me as they used had lived the teachings of the to, either.

see, therefore, that Church, this same football team We can elected me as one of the cothe words of the Prophet captains. This is certainly a certainly are true.

testimony to me of the good The Church and its teachings life have been What has made the greatest influence we can project on those plus my home impression on my mind with around us, if we live our religion. the two most stabilizing forces

regard to the life of the son of an To give another example, in my life, and we should always

American army officer and mem- I would like to refer to the social keep them in mind when we bership in the Church of Jesus life of the average high school are faced with two divergent

Christ of Latterday Saints? student. paths of endeavor.

I recall the words of President Have you ever been a social As our tour in Germany is

McKay. He said on one occasion, outcast because the things you drawing to a close, I can truth-

"Every member of this Church believed to be right, so far as fully say that the presence of is a missionary."correct conduct was concerned, the Church has certainly made

This has certainly been illuswere looked upon by the ruling the experience much more trated to me during my threemajority as being frivolous? I enjoyable.

year stay in Germany. If you will have. But once again, by living by Thomas H. Reese, II

'em4.>

EARLY ENGLISH CANNON

LIMA BEANS

..'Lima beans! Does it seem important

to eat them when one doesn't like them? Yes, you may say,because they contribute to good 1

health. Yes, you may say, because

someone has gone to the troubleof preparing them. But there's ria reason even more important warn

than these, and that is the matter we don't want to do even in the of selfdiscipline. small matter of saving a dime

Will James, psychologist, has our profession, in church work. or so, we're strengthening ourselves

said that we should do something When reading the newspaper, to build for a mission, to pay fast every day we don't want to do. we usually turn to the comic offerings and an honest tithe, and

By eating lima beans—or any food strips or the sports section. Even we're learning the true value of

we don't like—we're practising though we may not want to, let's money and its relation to life.

a little selfdiscipline so that when turn first to the editorials and In the principle of fasting by big decisions come, we can make articles of deeper meaning. In our refraining from food, though we

them wisely. choices of books, let's turn aside don't want to, we're learning to

At home we may not want to from the popular easyreading keep our appetites under control, offer our comfortable chair to ones of the day and tackle books of and when the great test comes,

Mom or Sis when she comes into weightier worth, even though they we'll be strong enough to hold the room, but in doing such little may be more difficult and we may to the right. President McKay has

kindnesses (when it's much easier not want to read them. Suddenly said that if there were no other

not to bother) we're laying the we'll find that this has become benefit in fasting, but gaining foundation for being charitable our favorite kind of reading, and as strength of character, that alone in big things as the Lord has a consequence, studying and would justify our doing it.

commanded. understanding the scriptures will By disciplining ourselves in little

Buckling down to school assigncome more easily. things day by day, we gradually

ments may well be something we The pennies in our pocket may build a coat of armor so strong don't want to do—especially on tempt us to buy a cold drink or that it will be impregnable to the

the night of a good TV show—but a candy bar, yet we really know forces of Satan all the days

doing it regularly not only assures how fleeting are these satisfactions. of our lives.

good grades, but primes us for We'd do much better to save bigger assignments in college, in our money. By doing that which by Jim Jardine (15)

Mary Gaddie, Logan Fourth Ward, Larry Ashton Perkes, 17, Out of a student body of 23,000,

Cache (Utah) Stake, is an LDS Monterey Park Ward, East with fewer than 200 LDS student listed in Who's Who in Los Angeles (Calif.) Stake, is students enrolled, Pat Farr of

American Colleges and Universione of twelve national winners Berkeley, California, was elected ties for Utah State University... in the GE College Bowl competo the highest coed office at

commander of the university tition, "Why I Want to Go to University of California...

Sponsor Corps... honor societies, College."He was awarded second vicepresident of assoqueen, valedictorian, church worker. a $6,000 scholarship to the ciated students... Mortar

school of his choice.... Board... honor societies...

"A"student... leader and head pompom girl... seminary

officer in clubs and quorums... and institute graduate...

one of 15 LDS youth honored church auxiliary worker.

at 1962 June conference "Focus of Youth"presentation.

THE GRIFFIN AS USED IN

HERALDIC ORNAMENTATION

e-> DO YOU DARE TO BE DIFFERENT?

Did you see the movie BenHur?

And did you wish you had lived then, when there was real adventure to be had; when a man's

courage was tested with such wild and colorful challenges?

Or have you dreamed, as you read American history, that you lived in the great era of Patrick

Henry? Have you yearned to be

a hero in freedom's cause, who could say, "Give me liberty, or give me death,"and be venerated by generations to come?

Or did you wonder, as you saw Promised Valley, how it would have felt to be that beautiful young girl who trekked across the plains to Zion with a song in her heart and a strong faith? Did you wish

you could have been the triumphant heroine of such a drama?

A. DE BRUYN, 1600

Eventually, the ugly secret AND BENEATH THE became public knowledge. Inside

ARMOR thea fewhousestickswasof nothing.furnitureOh,had

been placed in the rooms, but In a certain small communitythere was not even paint on the there stands an imposing manwalls. There were no rugs on

sion, a bit weathered by the the floors or any electrical years, but still the grandest fixtures. With the last dollars

house in town. It is surrounded he could raise by selling all his

by more than an acre of lawn possessions, the proud owner except for one side which is had built a showplace, so that devoted to an extravagantly no one would know that he, too, beautiful rose garden. had lost his money. His family

This magnificent home came camped inside the magnificent into being during the depression. structure like gypsies.

Those were grim years when Most of us spend much time your parents and grandparents and thought on our clothes, our worried for fear they would not hair, our complexions, our be able to feed their families. figures. We want to be

Businesses closed their doors, and attractive to look upon. This

men were out of work with little is good. Beauty is always

hope of finding another job. desirable. But the spirit which

Naturally the people of this dwells inside our body must town wondered about the new be beautiful, too, or our secret house. After it was finished, will be found out. The Lord

they waited—and waited for knows us for what we truly

an invitation to come inside. are and, eventually, every one

The invitation never came. They else does, too.

could only guess at the luxurious furnishings. by Lorraine Henriod

Do you ask yourself, "Why and full color. He didn't live his God's own truth, the free agency

can't I be great like that? Why life in four hours with a tenminute of man. And he dared to do

doesn't anything exciting like that intermission. He had to struggle something about it.

ever happen to me?"twentyfour hours a day, year Do you suppose our pioneer

Well, wake up! It is happening after year—always resisting the women felt like heroines as they

to you. You are faced with some temptation to "go along with the battled through those endless

of the hardest challenges ever to crowd."He dared to be different. days of tragedy and hardship?

be given to a generation of young Patrick Henry never thought to It wasn't easy to leave the china people. Yours is a battle of the be immortalized in America's plates, the satin ball gown, the

spirit. Yours is the fight against history books. He never saw a statue spinet. They couldn't leave their

moral temptation with eternity erected in his honor. Each milememories of such luxuries. They

at stake. stone toward greatness that he couldn't leave their knowledge

If you are honest and have real passed was hardearned, with that "everybody else"had them.

integrity, you are a sucker; little dayby-day seemingly boring But they believed in the gospel

"Everybody else"lies a little, cheats triumphs. He dared to believe in enough to dare to be different.

a little. Are you sure you want to be

It's just a nuisance to have to turn great? Then you must dare to

down a drink or a smoke, when be different. The Latterday Saint

"everybody else"indulges. people have ideals that are

This pledgeof-allegianceto-thedifferent. But the principles upon

flag stuff is a bore. which these ideals are based are

"Everybody else"keeps his hat on true, and if you settle for anything when the flag passes by. less than the truth, you are cheating

It's crumby and oldfashioned to yourself; you are compromising

be satisfied with holding hands, with the greatness that is in you.

when "everybody else"has thrown away all the rules of chastity.

And every time you triumph over such temptations, you are adding another adventure to your story.

Do I hear you say, "But that's not exciting! It's not glamorous.

It's just everyday boring."

Well, consider this: BenHur didn't

SEssa see himself in wide screen glory

SANCHEZ COELLO, 1570 KAMELOTS KOOKIE KOURT

The tournament (party) is about to begin! King Arthur (you) and

his chivalrous warriors, along with the kingdom's merriest maidens (the gang), have assembled from wood and meadow to claim victory at the Battle of Boredom.

Threatening blows at the wallDivide the group into two teams, each kneeling on the floor each side of a sheet held up by one person from each team. The plan of

attack is to blow a balloon up over the sheet to the opponent's side, at the same time keeping it from landing on your side. When a

player is touched by the balloon, he is "wounded"and eliminated.

The victor is given "Guinevere's"kerchief to wear until the winner of a later game emerges.

The mysterious knight—One

team is sent from the room with a blanket. One member of that

team returns crouched under and completely covered with the blanket. Opposing team must guess

who the mysterious knight is from inaudible sounds he makes to their questions concerning his limit time deeds.""noble A short

BATTLEAXE, HINDU, UNITED COLLECTION, KARLSRUHE the is given to determine winning team. "Joust Guessing, Thanks!"—

is the sent from One person room <m'k a specified agrees while on group activity, such as brushing your etc. teeth, driving The person a car, the xm returns guess then must and

feat"asking "courageous by per- 1*MV questions such sons room around the f3 as, "Do you joust in the morning? it*

Do you joust with your hands?"etc.

Newspaper Knighthood—Provide

the entire group with newspapers,

A. DE BRU YN, 15B1 tape, and pins. Let their imaginations do the rest in clothing

each other in newspaper armor for the guys and flowing (?) gowns,

complete with pointed hennin caps, for the gals. Have them

march in the grand parade, letting an impartial judge decide who it \.\ m should keep "Guinevere's"traveling kerchief for the remainder of

the evening.

Fie on Spoons and Forks!—Let

your Round Table refreshments be entirely finger foods. Provide each

guest with a paper plate on which you've painted a "kookie"coat of arms. Then let the mirthful

court members help themselves to an array of cheese 'n crackers, apples, pears, grapes, plums, bananas, and sweetmeats (candy) for a quiet time of casual and leisurely munching. by Janet W. Breeze

(Continued from page 728) they arrived at their surely not coincidence, as one reads of the movements new home. It wasn't long before they were sending of John P. Greene and Rhoda Young Greene, that

back to the home town reports of the country and these roads had their effect, as did other later roads, urging their friends to join them. Often a man, thus created by them, affect those who followed after.

importuned would tire of the unequal struggle with John Young, in 1804, had no easy time getting to the poor land he had at home, and would pull up Sherburne. The road was primitive. On the other

stakes with his whole family, to take advantage of hand, by the time that Joseph Smith moved west to the glowing prospects farther west. Palmyra with his large family, the turnpike road went

It was to the advantage of the land companies to directly there and was improved enough that Joseph have good access roads. The states could not or did felt that Lucy with the help of the boys could get

not help them, but there were enterprising citizens there without undue difficulty. He went on ahead.

who could see a profit in making it easier to help peoThe basic charges on the turnpike systems were: for

ple on their way. These men organized turnpike a man, a team and wagon 12 x/2 cents for each 10

companies—then did what grading and clearing and miles, with 3 cents additional for each horse or ox

repairing was necessary to keep a road passable—not "used before"(that is, if the animal was hitched

necessarily comfortable—for a price. These men and pulling).

charged a fee—a toll to use the road. One didn't 25c a coach or phaeton (2 horses)

need to use the road. If he chose, he could buck the 12V2C a sulky, chair, chaise, or other 1 horse vehicle

raw forest. Most people paid the toll. Upon pay6c a 1 horse cart, 8c a 2 horse cart

ment of the fee, the keeper of the gate would "turn"4c for horse and rider the bar, crossing the road, to one side. Hence the 20c for a score (20) horses, cattle, or mules

roads thus built were called "turnpikes."They were 6c for a score of sheep or hogs

gradually improved, and in some cases were surfaced 6c a sled, 2 animals pulling, 3c for each additional with gravel. By 1825 one or two had macadam suranimal "used before"(pulling).

faces. None ever made their owners rich; most were Stagecoaches were rebated Vz price. Wagons with

in financial difficulties. tires 6 inches wide, Vz price.

The state exercised some control. If a road was not People living within a mile paid no toll at that toll

in passable condition, the owners were forced to gate. No toll could be charged for going to church,

allow free passage until the bad section was repaired. voting on election day, or going to or from a gristmill

The first important turnpike was "located"(suror blacksmith shop. A physician or midwife on the

veyed) between Albany and Schenectady in 1797. way to give service passed free.

Construction took from 1802 to 1805 and cost $10,000.00

per mile. From Schenectady the Mohawk turnpike Townships and Townsites—Understanding

stretched to Utica and took from 1800 to 1807 to Geographical Divisions complete. The Seneca Turnpike Company built its

turnpike from Utica to Canandaigua during the same period. By 1809 one could travel from Lebanon

Springs on the east border of the state, through Albany to Canandaigua on 234 miles of continuous roads.

By 1812 the Ontario & Genesee Company extended it from Canandaigua to Lake Erie.

Rivaling this, the Great Western turnpike left Albany and wound around the hills through the famous

Cherry Valley, to Cooperstown, to Sherburne—and

later it was extended by other companies through

Homer to Cayuga Lake.

By 1810 the main roads, mostly passable—a few

good—would take travelers within twenty miles of

any place they wanted to settle. It was the last

twenty miles which posed the problem thereafter.

The map to the right illustrates the lines of the mainMAP 2, CHIEF ROADS OF 1810 traveled turnpikes by 1810.

John Young and his family were drawn west on the Before one can have a clear understanding of the

Cherry Valley road, to Sherburne, likely by stories of land and its geography, he must know how the land friends or relatives who had gone on before. It is was surveyed: All of (Continued on page 746)

OCTOBER 1962 729 auxiliary organizations of The Church of | Officers and teachers in the priesthood and

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints often find themselves in the role of a counselor.

Each time an individual comes with a problem, it presents an opportunity, as well as a duty, to lend every assistance possible. The assistance rendered may take one

of many forms. It may be that the counselee should be encouraged to seek out the

bishop, who is appointed by the Lord to be the common judge in Israel. In some

cases, the services of other special assistants may be proper. If such aid is solicited,

it must be with the full understanding and consent of the person seeking help, as his confidence must be respected.

How often it is that officers and teachers in the Church find opportunity to be of service in a counseling capacity and, after applying techniques of counseling, still feel confused and helpless, wondering what else they might have done to render additional assistance.

To every LDS leader, there is a source of power which can be coupled with academic learning in the field of counseling. We must realize that there is a place

in the counseling situation for seeking divine guidance. If properly sought, the counselor and counselee may expect to find direction and comfort through this medium.

The Lord has said: "Ask the Father in my name, in faith believing that you shall

receive, and you shall have the Holy Ghost, which manifesteth all things which are expedient unto the children of men."(D&C 18:18.) It is understood, of course,

that the involvement of the Holy Spirit will not eliminate the necessity of study or preparation on the part of the counselor.

The following account is an actual case study and is typical of ways in which the Holy Spirit may be helpful in the counseling situation, especially in the area of the decision making process. For the purpose of this case study we shall name

our counselee, Shirley.

Shirley was fifteen years old and in the ninth grade. She was short, darkhaired,

browneyed, and radiated an air of intelligence. She was not what one might term

popular, but she did have a number of friends. She came from a family in the

middle income bracket, lived in a modern frame home with average luxuries and

CONDUCTED

BY THE UNIFIED The True Spirit of Counseling

CHURCH BY C. WARD DESPAIN

SCHOOL COORD1NATOR OF INDIAN SEMINARIES

SYSTEM conveniences, including a new automobile. Her father, who held positions of influence in both the Church and community, was an authority in his professional field, and

being deeply interested in his children, often made inquiry as to their welfare and progress at school and in the auxiliary organizations of the Church. Her mother,

who was recognized as a leader in the community with ability and talent, held keen interest in her children. Shirley had a sister attending college, a brother who

was a senior in high school, and a younger sister in one of the elementary grades.

Shirley's attitudes and activities emphasized the importance she attached to high moral standards. Her studies did not seem to highly motivate her, though she

expressed contentment, in general, regarding her school work. She was courteous

and cooperative in her seminary class, but at times expressed dislike for some of her schoolteachers, indicating that on occasion she received some kind of satisfaction from giving them a bad time. Her grades were average, and she was interested in

dramatics. Her health was good, and she attended school regularly.

When Shirley came for the prearranged interview, she was exactly on time.

There was no need for general conversation or preliminaries for Shirley started out with, "Well, should I tell you all?"Such a statement required a carefully worded

answer so as not to put Shirley on the defensive or cause the counselor to be thought of as too inquisitive. At the same time, interest and concern had to be in evidence.

The answer was, "Yes, I think it would be helpful in understanding the situation."

As is the case so many times, Shirley continued by now necessary that the counselor not impose his judgstating things not directly related to her own problem, ment upon the case regardless of his own strong but having to do with other people. She began to feelings. He must lead Shirley to see the issues clearly

point out things which her friends did in dating situand allow her to make her own decisions. Feeling

ations of which she did not approve. She then said that Shirley could benefit by such a suggestion, the

she felt that because she preferred not to do these counselor indicated that there was a source from things she might be looked upon as a snob by which she could obtain additional help in solving her her companions. problem, a source which, if she would allow it, would

Shirley then began to bring herself into the picture lead her to a solution which would be best for her.

as she told of the boy friends with whom she and her After explaining to Shirley the real need of her girl friends dated. She freely admitted that her boy seeking divine aid in her problem, the counselor

friend was not the type her parents approved of and helped her to establish the alternatives of her situation that dating him caused family dissension, especially by suggesting that she decide what the alternatives on the part of her mother. Shirley resented the parwere. They were as follows: (1) continue to go with

ental authority involved in the situation and felt that this boy and accept any possible developments;

her parents had somewhat rejected her because she (2) drop him completely; (3) try to reform him, and

continued to date this boy in spite of their feelings. (4) go with him as a friend with possible marriage out

She expressed herself as not being too certain of the question. Because of the positive suggestions

whether she should continue to go with this particular of turning to a higher power for aid, Shirley began to boy friend and the crowd involved. She liked him, feel the security of knowing that there was someone

desired to be with him, and rather chafed under the to whom she could go for direction, someone who thought of not having him as a close friend. But she would not and could not make a mistake regarding

freely stated that there were things about his habits her problems.

which gave her concern, such as taking her to church The counselor tactfully pointed out that our Father but leaving her to attend the services alone, then in heaven is allwise and loves us with a love beyond picking her up when the meeting was over. She was that of a kind and loving earthly father and that he

concerned because he used tobacco and grew nervous gives to his children according to their needs if they when in situations where he could not smoke. seek the answers to their problems in faith and sinShirley was confused and upset. It was apparent cerity. He then read from the scriptures these words:

that she was having a struggle from within. It was "Ask and it shall be (Contimwd on page 755)

Constancy

Reprinted from The Tatler—the lucubrations of

N 19Z. Isaac Bickerstaff, Esq.; Vol. IV. London, 1749IO The Tatler,

Saturday, July 1, 1710.

Some years since I was engaged with a Coach full of Friends to take a Journey as far as the Land's End.*

We were very well pleased with one another the

Tecum <vivere amcm, tecum cbeam lubens. Hor. first Day, every one endeavouring to recommend himself by his good Humour and Compliance to the rest

/ could 'willingly li<ve and die nvitb you. of the Company. This good Correspondence did not

last long; one of our party was sowred the very first

N 192. Saturday, July I, 17 IO. Evening by a Plate of Butter which had not been

melted to his Mind, and which spoiled his Temper to such a Degree, that he continued upon the Fret

From my oiun Apartment', June 30. to the End of our Journey. A Second fell off from

for the next Morning, no other Reason good Humour full his I fince Coach a with engaged Years was

Land's as the far as to step take to a that imagine, I chanced because I could but JourneySOMEof Friends

End. We were very well pleafed with one another the into the Coach before him, and place myself on the

jfirft himendeavouring every one to recommend Day, reft shady Side. This however was but my own private to the his and Complaifincefelf good Humour by

of the Company. This good Correfpondence did not Guess, for he did not mention a Word of it, nor

laft long; one of our Party was fowred the very firft indeed of any Thing else, for three Days following.

Evening by a Plate of Butter which had not been melted The rest of our Company held out very near Half the to iuch his andto his Mind, which fpoiled Temper a Way, when on a sudden Mr. Sprightly fell asleep; and of continued the Fret to the that he upon EndDegree,

our Journey. A Second fell off from h\s good Humour instead of endeavouring to divert and oblige us, as

the next Morning, for no other Reafon that I could imahe had hitherto done, carried himself with an ungine, but becaufe I chanced to ftep into the Coach before concerned, careless, drowzy Behaviour, till we came place myfelf Side. the fhady on This andhim, howto our last Stage. There were three of us who still but did not private Guefs, for heever was own my

mention a Word of it, nor indeed of any Thing elfe, held up our Heads, and did all we could to make our for three Days following. The reft of our Company Journey agreeable; but, to my Shame be it spoke,

held out very near Half the Way, when on a fudden about three Miles on this Side Exeter, I was taken

; Sprightly fell cfleep inftead andMr. of endeavouring to with an unaccountable Fit of Sullenness, that hung divert us, as and oblige hitherto done, carried he had

himfelf with an unconcerned, carelefs, drowzy Behaupon me for above threescore Miles; whether it were

viour, till we came to our laft Stage. There were three for want of respect, or from an accidental Tread upon

of us who ftill held up our Heads, and did all we could my Foot, or from a foolish Maid's calling me The old to; agreeable make our Journey but, to my Shame be Gentleman, I cannot tell. In short, there was but one it fpoken, three aboat this Side Miles on Exeter, I was

taken with an unaccountable Fit of Sullennefs, that who kept his good Humour to the Land's End.

hung THERE was another Coach that went along with us, in which I likewise observed, that there were many secret Jealousies, Heartburnings, and Animosities:

For when we joined Companies at Night, I could not

EDITOR'S NOTE but take Notice that the Passengers neglected their

Sir Richard Steele was an English essayist own Company, and studied how to make themselves the century. he In 1709 18th and 1710 of pubesteemed by us, who were altogether Strangers to

his lished over signature writings "Isaac the of

Bickerstaff,"in a small publication called The them; till at length they grew so well acquainted with

Tatler. These essays were later collected and us, that they liked us as little as they did one another.

published in book form. This essay on constancy

is printed here without editing, as it appeared When I reflect upon this Journey, I often fancy it to 1, 1710. in Tatler July The of Saturday Even be a Picture of Human Life, in respect to the several

all retained, the spelling are punctuation, and but the modern "s"is used throughout. "A town on the coast of England.

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Without constancy there is neither love, friendship, or virtue in the world.

Friendships, Contracts, and Alliances, that are made is not subject to any Change of Health, Age, Fortune, and dissolved in the several Periods of it. The most or any of those Accidents which are apt to unsettle the

delightful and most lasting Engagements are generally best Dispositions, that are founded rather in Constituthose which pass between Man and Woman; and yet tion than in Reason. Where such a Constancy as this

upon what Trifles are they weakened, or intirely is wanting, the most inflamed Passion may fall away broken? Sometimes the Parties fly asunder even into coldness and Indifference, and the most melting

in the Midst of Courtship, and sometimes grow cool Tenderness degenerate into Hatred and Aversion. I

in the very Honey Month. Some separate before the shall conclude this Paper with a Story that is very well

first Child, and some after the fifth; others continue known in the North of England.

good till thirty, others till forty, while some few, ABOUT thirty Years ago, a PacketBoat that had whose Souls are of an happier Make, and better fitted several Passengers on Board was cast away upon to one another, travel on together to the End of their a Rock, and in so great Danger of sinking, that all

Journey in a continual Intercourse of kind Offices who were in it endeavoured to save themselves as and mutual Endearments. well as they could, though only those who could swim

it. Among the WHEN we therefore chuse our Companions for well had a bare Possibility of doing

Life, if we hope to keep both them and ourselves in Passengers there were two Women of Fashion, who good Humour to the last Stake of it, we must be seeing themselves in such a disconsolate Condition, extreamly careful in the Choice we make, as well as begged of their Husbands not to leave them. One of

in the Conduct on our Part. When the Persons to them chose rather to die with his Wife, than to forwhom we join ourselves can stand an Examination, sake her; the other, though he was moved with the

and bear the Scrutiny, when they mend upon our utmost Compassion for his Wife, told her, that for

Acquaintance with them, and discover new Beauties the Good of their Children it was better one of them the more we search into their Characters, our Love should live, than both perish. By a great Piece of

will naturally rise in Proportion to their Perfections. Good Luck, next to a Miracle, when one of our Good

BUT because there are very few possessed of such Men had taken the last and long Farewel in order to

Accomplishments of Body and Mind, we ought to look save himself, and the other held in his Arms the after those Qualifications both in ourselves and others, Person that was dearer to him than Life, the Ship which are indispensably necessary towards this happy was preserved. It is with a secret Sorrow and Vexation

Union, and which are in the Power of every one to of Mind that I must tell the Sequel of the Story, and acquire, or at least to cultivate and improve. These, let my Reader know, that this faithful Pair who were

in my Opinion, are Chearfulness and Constancy. A ready to have died in each other's Arms, about three

chearful Temper joined with Innocence will make Years after their Escape, upon some trifling disgust

Beauty attractive, Knowledge delightful, and Wit grew to a Coldness at first, and at length fell out to goodnatured. It will lighten sickness, Poverty, and such a Degree, that they left one another, and parted

Affliction, convert Ignorance into an amiable Simfor ever. The other Couple lived together in an unplicity, and render Deformity itself agreeable. interrupted Friendship and Felicity: and what was

CONSTANCY is natural to Persons of even Tempers remarkable, the Husband, whom the Shipwreck had and uniform Dispositions, and may be acquired by like to have separated from his Wife, died a few those of the greatest Fickleness, Violence, and Passion, Months after her, not being able to survive the Loss who consider seriously the Terms of Union upon of her.

which they come together, the mutual Interest in I must confess, there is something in the Changewhich they are engaged, with all the Motives that ableness and Inconstancy of Human Nature, that very ought to incite their Tenderness and Compassion tooften dejects and terrifies me. Whatever I am at

wards those who have their Dependence upon them, present, I tremble to think what I may be. While

and are embarked with them for Life in the same State I find this Principle in me, how can I assure myself of Happiness or Misery. Constancy, when it grows that I shall be always true to my God, my Friend, or

in the Mind upon Considerations of this Nature, bemyself? In short, without Constancy there is neither

comes a moral Virtue, and a kind of good Nature, that Love, Friendship, or Virtue in the World.

OCTOBER 1962 733 A Time for Conscious Decision that careers in nonscientific and nonare a growing trend that will be comtechnical professions will not be mon place by 1975 in the United available, nor that college educations States.

(Continued from page 720) will not be important. College will A further factor to be considered

be the clue to highest salaries for the in evaluating the future jobcomplex concentrate on such outmoded skills, careers of the future. But specialis the increasing role that women are

as bookkeeping by hand while deized training will be the next best playing in the United States work mand rises for skilled operators of bet in junior colleges, technical and force. Dramatic changes have taken

complicated office data processing trade schools, and in additional place in the work patterns of marequipment. 11 public schools. Twoyear communried women in recent years under

It is not intended to suggest here ity colleges, free or with low tuition, the impact of wartime and postwar economic and social changes.

The worker rate for married women 45 to 64 years of age rose from 10

Freedom—cherished and percent1957. Evenin 1940moreto startling32 percentis theby

fact that a higher proportion of challenged womenat age 50arethannowatinagethe25.laborIn force1920,

RICHARD L. EVANS 39 percent of the 2024 yearold women worked, and only 19 percent

Since freedom is one of the most cherished and most of those age 4554. By 1957 the

challenged rights in all the world, it is a subject worker rate for the younger group for the percent, to risen but 45 had while these seriously considered. to be most And THE

it from older 19 group had jumped it is SPOKEN familiar to a too have sound seem words may 12 WORD percent. to 46 that again cannot say to always not too soon freedom

continue in comfort or convenience, cannot be assured without Whether we like it or not, the consacrifice, without truth and decency, without willingness to work, ditions of our society indicate that without downright honesty and honor, willingness to keep the comduring the next fifteen years the mandments, willingness to live within law. We may have our choice, number of women workers in the

but we cannot have both: We cannot have both liberty and indifUnited States will increase at nearly

ference, or both liberty and licentiousness. There is no liberty twice the rate for men. A larger

without a real respect for law, no liberty if we forget God, or fail to proportion of women, especially of remember the principles on which freedom is founded. "To supolder women, will work. By 1970

pose that our civil and political liberties are secure because they one out of every three workers will are... defined in written constitutions,"said Carl Lotus Becker, be a woman. Except for teenage

"is to mistake the legal form for the living substance of freedom."1 girls (most of them still in school)

The "... institutions [of our nation],"said John Foster Dulles, and women 65 and over (most of

"reflect the belief of our founders that men had their origin and them either retired or past working destiny in God;... and had duties prescribed by moral law...."2 age), at least two out of every five

the labor in 1970 will be in women...""It citizens Patrick said cannot Henry. good make "Bad men

chilis force. whose women Among

.. chains. their that tyrants forget forge a people God, when. No

free government,... can be preserved to any people but by a firm dren are in school or past school age,

proportion will be work who justice, frugality, virthe to moderation, temperance, adherence and 13 higher than now. much

.... "3 ". tue. liberty;"said Seneca, "he that to obey God is perfect

does this, shall be free, safe, and quiet;..."4 Those are wonderful An interesting facet in this regard

is raising in anticipated the the "free, safe, quiet."4 "Liberty,"said words: Wilson, and Woodrow

their girls at of age level median the history of liberty "has government, from never come The first States. in the marriage United of limitations of increase not the is a history governmental...power,

of first present the age median 5 At it."rise of before us,"said venerable forms Charles "Their Sumner,

23. girls for is 20, for marriage men to their to us, children: to 'Cease yourselves vaunt speak "They seem

this difference threeyear Nationally... to to think of do, walk Learn humbly, meekly you what and

soreflects not only emotional and selfsacrifice of of to yourselves. habits Cultivate of devotion and

duty... never aim at aught which is not right,... [else] every cial factors, but also an economic one

for the waits the young man... as will evil possession a shame. all knowledge an and and become

financial security that a with comes is its let task; generation peculiar each us turn... committed To experience. years'work Now, few

. of [to] the country, character [practice] thoughts our our and

rising rates of birth rapidly as the ".G..'

.. exalteth nation, that a righteousness which

in reflected are years the postwar

Becker. 1Carl Lotus Dulles. those people reaching adulthood, Foster 2John

3Patrick Henry. there will be more girls at the

4Seneca. 5Woodrow Wilson, Speech, New York Press Club, Sept. 9, 1912. median age of first marriage than

eCharles Sumner, Senator, Oration on the True Grandeur of Nations, Boston, July 4, boys born three years earlier for 1845. every year during the next fifteen "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the years. The number of 23year-old

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 1, 1962. Copyright 1962. men for every 100 twentyyear-old

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW BIG POWER... the D-19

TurboCharged

TurboCharging is the modern injector nozzles and pistons lengthway to get more power efficiently ens engine life significantly.

out of a big farm diesel... withAllis- TurboCharging, Through bulkout the need for the excessive today's Chalmers farm meets

... enginesof biggerdisplacement caof increasing work problems

without running smaller engines pacity, simplifying tractor design, at "revved up"speeds. and extending tractor life. TurboTurbo-Charging adds 20% toCharging is not new in Allisengine power. The power output Chalmers power plants—for years

depends on the oxygen available AllisChalmers large crawler tracto burn fuel efficiently. Turbotors and earth movers have been

TurboCharged. air more pushes simplyCharging IN ACTION TURBOCHARGER cylinders.into The manifold and If looking you're DIESEL ALLISCHALMERS

is this job that doescompressor tractors diesel in big for—the70.35latesthp

driven by exhaust energy normalon the PTO—see and try the

ly wasted. D-19 TurboCharged Diesel, now.

TurboCharging sweeps out You can get the D-19 for gasoClean air IN to Turbocharger burned gases. Exhaust valves reline with 75.3 hp on the PTO, and

main open momentarily after the for LP gas with 69.6 hp on the Compressed air to intake

intake valves are opened. A stream PTO. (All horsepower figures are manifold

of clean, cool air rushes through corrected to standard conditions.) Exhaust drives Turbocharger

each cylinder for a clean sweep ALLISCHALMERS between each power stroke. FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION Quiet exhaust, OUT

TurboCharging cools valves, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN nozzles and pistons. The cooling action of this air on valves, ALLISCHALMERS

OCTOBER 1962 735 girls will go as low as 82 in 1963, tional trend towards early marriage need for young girls also to acquire will drop to 77 in 1967, and 79 in among girls will stop. The average some vocational preparation, since it

1968, and will stabilize at between age at which girls marry may even is very likely that at some time in 92 and 94 after 1971. 14 begin to rise, since they will have their adult lives they will want to

This reverses the situation that to marry men closer to their own become gainfully employed. Unexisted up to about 1955, when (beages, and the marriage will probdoubtedly, a family and society as

cause of the decline in births during ably have to wait until the man a whole are better served when a the depression) the number of 23achieves financial security. This mother with children at home does

yearold men exceeded the number means girls will stay in school or not work outside the home. Howof girls three years younger than in the labor force longer before ever, many women whose children

themselves. This reversal lends supmarriage. are grown or who have no children

port to an assumption that the naAll of these factors point to the will want to work. In addition, there

are indirect advantages that will accrue to the Church and family through the vocational preparation ".. free, safe, and quiet??> made by girls in developing occupa-... hometional andskillsthethatChurch,are usefulsuch as toteachthe

RICHARD L. EVANS ing,ties, etc.musical training, clerical abiliMany avenues of vocational pursuit are available to girls today that

Last week we spoke of the principles on which in past years were considered the freedom is founded, and cited, in part, from half exclusive prerogative of men. UnWilson: these ago, from words a century Woodrow THE opportunities doubtedly, such more SPOKEN the government. from never has "Liberty come girls for in future. the will develop WORD subjects the from always has Liberty come for of fukinds workers which of Two

... of limitations governis of history liberty of a it. history The critical ture are shortages expected 1 fathers it."found. also our of This increase the not power, mental will schoolteachers be and women

is which, is from Godgiven, which basically, something Liberty, clerical workers. continued The

for certain purposes, in some degree, we delegate. And history has high birth rate will keep our schools

proved it wise and prudent to limit what in any degree we delegate, swelling, thus continuing the need of real responsiourselves relieve so, to to doing seek by and never ".. is liberty,"said bility. Henry. there Ward Beecher, no "to men forteachers,an abundancewhereas, theof increasingqualified

who know not how to govern themselves."- "I believe,"said James size and complexity of business and

freeof the of the instances abridgment are "there more Madison, organizations the government and

... than encroachment gradual people and silent by dom of the of record keeping by widespread growth

violent and sudden usurpations."* "The true danger,"Edmund among all types of enterprises will

for expedients, liberty and is nibbled away added, "is, when Burke to create continue the need for many if ever, of consequence happen anything parts."does 4 Seldom, by clerical workers. more

suddenly. There is a background, and a beginning, and a proObviously, more must be done in

gressive process; a little giving, a little compromising, a little trading the future than has been done in the

for time, sometimes a little concession to comfort and convenience, past by school governing boards, adprivilege personal principle little of supposed sacrificing for some a teachers, ministrators, counselors, and. iron in the blood for the preference. or God, Thank testing techniques, other of our through and

long endure country Roosevelt. can..."said fathers, Theodore. "No realistic vocational to encourage more

if its foundations are not laid deep in the material prosperity which selections on the part of young peocomes from thrift, from business energy and enterprise, from hard, ple. This is a very important factor

unsparing effort in the fields of industrial activity, but neither was in turning the potential of the if it relied prosperity truly material great yet upon ever nation any reality. beneficial into future a

... [those to greater is yet alone.... showed debt by who] Our real of guiding the But burden

of work, to win their lives that they recognized the law... into successful occupational a youth

..."5 them. for themselves dependent upon and those competence analysis, in the final achievement,

Free agency is among the most precious of man's possessions, among rests with the family, and parents the most precious of God's gifts, the preserving of which demands and youth have a joint responsibility honor, reverence, and respect—and the acceptance of real responsito plan together the future of youth.

cited previously bility. this sentence, close from with would We their with should counsel Children

".. this, is perfect that does liberty; he Seneca:. to obey their vocational concerning shall parents God."(;

be free, safe, and quiet goals, and now is the time for conspeech, Press Club, Wilson, New York 1Woodrow 1912. scious decision making. Young

clergyman. American Beecher (181387), 2Henry Ward

3James Madison. Latterday Saints should not be

English orator and statesman. Burke (172997), 4Edmund

at Chicago, April 10, 1899, entitled On National merely drifting with the crowd, speech delivered Roosevelt, "'Theodore

Questions. following the course of least resist6Seneca (4 BC65 AD), Roman Stoic philosopher. ance. They should have goals,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the including realistic occupational goals

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 8, 1962. Copyright 1962. that will enable them to achieve true

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thfull t&c5 a RIDE A WINNER!

A surge of power. A thrilling lift. You're over

the top bar easily... with power to spare. It's the

power in reserve that provides smooth, effortless, championship performance.

Experience this same thrill... of extra power...

in the car you drive. Drive with SixtySix

Gasoline. Phillips packs every gallon with high

octane energy. Yet SixtySix is regular priced.

Try a tankful in your car and enjoy the thrill of championship performance. Have more

fun going... go Phillips 66.

PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY, Bartlesville, Oklahoma

OCTOBER 1962 737 success. It is only by making some young people grow to maturity and satisfaction and happiness, and the

conscious decisions now that this assume the responsibilities of family person who is not happy on the job end objective will be realized. and "breadwinning,"this realization may not be happy at home.

Latterday Saints have the right to will become more and more apparent Not only is this a problem of genreceive inspiration to guide them in to them. Unfortunately for some who eral interest to society, but it is one

their personal lives, and through have not planned wisely or who have of particular interest to the Church.

fasting and prayer such revelation not planned at all, this becomes a There is a direct relationship beshould be sought concerning their bitter comparison of what they have, tween proper vocational adjustment occupational planning. against that which could have been and church participation. Better

The importance of occupational theirs, had they undertaken conjobs with more income will mean placement which is compatible with scious planning during the formative more time and means for church abilities, inclinations, and financial years of youth; for it is important to service. How many brethren of the

needs cannot be overemphasized. As have work in which we can find Aaronic Priesthood over 21 have

lapsed into inactivity simply because their employment kept them away from church on Sunday? In recogWords nition of the consequences of un- - - the "semblance"and satisfactory employment, a formal

job reporting and placement system the "substance"waspriesthoodyears agoquorumsestablishedand is withinoperatingthe today on a churchwide basis. Many

RICHARD L. EVANS domestic difficulties that disintegrate

otherwise happy homes ofttimes

There is a timeworn saying, which says: "After all

is said and done, there is much more said than

1 THE done."This sentence also adds its sidelight to the

SPOKEN subject: "There is so much talking and so little WHAT'S IN A NAME? WORD

understanding."- We live in a day of many words,

much talking, much explaining, and, with it all, much misunderBY FRANCES GORMAN RSSSER standing. And while there is much said of true intent, there is much

said also to miscolor motives or to mislead men. Words are symbols

to teach, to comfort, to edify, to counsel, to convey true meanings, When Hardship knocks upon your true emotions, true motives, and they should not—must not—be door,

to of allowed deception. side another of this become symbols On If you will only call

is subject, said: eminent an American... "There tendency a human

to go in for tall talk and generalizations as broad as the horizon. Him Opportunity, you'll find

It is no strain to stand around the cracker barrel or the soda He's not so bad at all.

fountain and solve world problems or the difficulties of some faroff country.... And to speculate vaguely and soulfully on whither It seems the changing of his name

are we drifting'puts only a slight burden on the mind. But it is Must change his nature, too,

hard work to make specific plans about [specific problems]—the And when you work along with him,

problems of our our business, our home town, own own own region. He'll do great things for you!

. it That is tough is the starting and point. exacting—but.. Strength

... rests upon the strength of individuals, communities, and regions.... We ought to start close to home...—start with those

things about us that we know.... Then our thinking can move have their genesis in unsatisfactory

to the outward of broader reaches national affairs. and world conditions. employment old The

... in goes on the the homes and What communities and that adage poverty in "when comes

... in [far goes places] will on what fate."determine our;jnotOursalone.. is. the love door goes out the window"

a world of many problems, of many opinions; and we have to listen, rings all too true in some situations.

to learn, to be discriminating, to be patient, to have faith, and to The Lord has laid upon parents find in seek to the truth talk. all the in seeking to And know the the responsibility their of teaching

".... truth also seek to that are to. know trusted!". the men be children that and this charge is one

said Carlyle. "Till we know that, what is all our knowledge;... carries an announced penalty for

the that to are trusted."4 all is Know "After men be done, said and failure so. said: to do has For he 1

is there said than done."more much Words—communication—ideas as again "And inasmuch parents

all this—utterance—also we need—and need we much more—for children have in in Zion, or of any

are words never a substitute for work. the "semblance"Not stakes onlv, her are organized, that which 4 the "substance,"but said Carlyle. Along with our words we need teach not them to understand the

to realize results. doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ

Author unknown. the Son of the living God, and of nhid.

3David E. Lilienthal, This I Do Believe. baptism and the gift of the Holy

''Carlyle, On Heroes. Ghost by the laying on of the hands,

'The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the when eight years old, the sin be upon

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 15, 1962. Copyright 1962. the heads of the parents."15

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A NEW DIMENSION BROADCAST SOUND

KSLFM STEREO

IVIOIMAURAL STEREO

Like holding your hand over one eye. That's the analogy we draw between monaural and

stereophonic sound. With stereo, you get full range, full depth sound. And now, IT'S HERE, in

Mountain America, on KSLFM!

Long a leader in FM itself, KSL now provides what many lovers of good music and good broadcasting have been waiting for... stereophonic sound from a broadcast medium. Last

September 1, KSLFM began broadcasting 6 hours of stereo sound during each broadcast day.

The hours are 9-1 1 A.M., 2-4 and 7-9 P.M. KSLFM is located at 100.3 megacycles on the FM

dial and broadcasts with a power of 40,000 watts.

Don't have a stereo attachment? Don't worry, you'll still get the full FM signal on your

... monaural FM set. But, why not hear the newest sound in Mountain America broadcasting

KSLFM STEREO.

KSLFM

100.3 MEGACYCLES

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

OCTOBER 1962 739 The responsibility that parents Marion G. Romney looking for ammunition. They found

have toward their children is not none, but they did find twenty Mexionly to teach them the gospel, but (Continued from page 715) can pesos on Uncle George, which also to help them reach worthwhile was all the money we had and upon goals. This does not mean that and I should go with Mother and which we were depending to take

parents should use their children as the children, that I'd have to be the care of us when we got into the a vehicle for achieving their (parman of the family to take care of her United States. These twenty pesos

ents) own unsuccessful ambitions. when we got into El Paso. they took from him and then perBut it does mean that parents should "About 10 o'clock in the morning mitted us to proceed south. They

guide their children toward goals we left Juarez in a wagon. Mother started north. When they were

that will be realistic and compatible and Aunt Lydie and Uncle George about 100 yards from the wagon, with the individual capabilities of sat in the spring seat. Mother's they turned around, drew their guns

their children and consistent with available opportunity. This is not a

responsibility that can be delegated to the schools, bishop, or some other person or group, and unless parents successfully pursue this charge, they are sure to participate in the disappointment which will follow.

Career decisions affecting the lives of every young Latterday Saint will be made. If conscious decisions by

youth and parents are not made, then automatic decisions by default will be made. The hour of conscious

decision is the earliest hour. The

future is now, and sometime the hour of decision will pass and the ability to choose will be taken away. Everyone wants success sometime, just as

everyone wants to go to the celestial kingdom sometime—he just doesn't

want to make the effort right now.

But if success is to be had, now is the time for conscious decisions.

FOOTNOTES

doctrine & Covenants 45:26.

88:7881. Hbid., picture Christine, 1962 includes: July Family front, was taken and W, Brother of Labor, Occupational Department 3US J. Mrs. George Jensen); Sister (Joanne Rebecca, Romney; 2; and Romney;Outlook Washington Handbook, B., J.; 6; standing, DC, 1961 Richard George J.; Mrs. Richard J. (Joanne; Richard Ware)

edition. 12. Catherine, and

The Long Range Demand for Scientific:nd Technical Personnel, prepared for the

National Science Foundation by the seven children and Uncle George's—from their scabbards and pointed

Bureau of Labor Statistics in 1961. I think there were five—were in the them towards the wagon. As I

5Survey conducted by the Engineering back. I was seated on our trunk looked up the barrels of the rifles,

CommissionManpower of the Engineers which carried all the goods we could they seemed very large to me, andJoint Council in 1961.

6Seymour L. Wolfbein, Deputy Assistant take because of the crowd that would I suppose this was one of the most

Secretary of Labor, "The Skilled Worker be on the train. As we drove down exciting moments in my life, as I

in the United States,"March 1961. Main Street, across the river and expected that they would shoot.

7E. A. Jacobsen, "The Challenge in Edudown past Dan Skousen's mill, I They did not shoot, however; and I

cation,"coordinating Council of Higher was facing up the road in the direclived to tell the story."

Education, February 1961.

Industrial Relations News, New York tion from which we had come. Over Even the harrowing experiences

City, NY. April 1961. the flat between Dan Skousen's and of this rude expulsion from his

9Idem. San Diego, the rebel army was movchildhood home was to have a bear10Idem. ing northward. They were not in ing on what is now an apostolic

AXIdem. to supervise straggling formation preside along assignment and but were 12Dexter Advisor, Keezer, Economic M.

larger groups. over all the or in Spanish two at a time Mexican and Hill Publishing Company,McGraw New

York, NY. New Forces in American BusiTwo armed Mexicans, with their American Missions and the Central

ness by 1975, p. 36. large cartridge belts slung over their American Mission. He had seen the

1BUS Department of Labor, op. cit., shoulders and riding their horses natives of this land of his birth

Bulletin 1242. No.

Goldstein, 14Harold "Population and with the oldfashioned Mexican ground down under the heel of

Labor Force Projections, 19601975,"US saddles with the big horns, stopped ruthless moneymad conquerors, and

Department of Labor 1959. us and searched the wagon and their subjugation by a dominant

15 Doctrine & Covenants 68:25. Uncle George. They said they were church under the guise of "Chris740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Architects: Jackson, Sharp & Collard, Idaho Falls and Salt Lake City. General Contractors: Arrington Construction Co. and Hayrand Construction Co., Idaho Falls. Masonry Contractor: Carlson & Jacobson, Idaho Falls

materials. Minimum maintenance conserves hardThousands of look alikes pressed budgets. Cool in summer, warm in winter,

brick's comfort is unmatched. And GMcB offers the

The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterDay Saints greatest range of shapes, sizes, colors and textures well may be proud of its Idaho Falls Hospital. With available, always competitively priced and precisionthe addition of a new wing, it will have 176 beds

pressed. For "look alike"face brick that lasts and

and be the largest in the Upper Snake River Valley. lasts, specify "GMcB!'

Offering care and facilities that meet the most exacting standards, this modern institution is a credit to both church and community.

In building the new wing, thousands of brick by

Gladding, McBean & Co. were used. Because they

are precisionpressed, all of these Standard Old Gold FACE BRICK

Matte face brick look alike. They always look and Gladding, McBean & Co., 1081 South Second West,

lay the way they should. FRANCISCOSalt Lake City,SEATTLEUtah. PORTLANDAlso in: LOSSPOKANEANGELES PHOENIX SAN

For enduring beauty and true economy, it pays to build with face brick, the aristocrat of building

A, OCTOBER 1962 741 tianizing"them. He had seen the conscience as well as to the advice volume of scripture is revealed in an

uses of cruelty, superstition, and of his Church leaders whose proincident which he related in one of ignorance as tools by which to exploit nouncements on vital issues affecting his general conference addresses. I

the natives in an almost unbelievable the welfare of the nation he accepted quote briefly: "I urge you to get

manner. There has been kindled in as divinely inspired even though it acquainted with this great book.

him a burning desire to assist in frequently brought him into sharp Read it to your children; they are

transforming the great nation of conflict with leaders of his own not too young to understand it. I

Mexico which was once described by political party. On one such occasion remember reading it with one of my

Cortez as "a crumpled land of desert when church leaders in a terselylads when he was very young. On

and mountains—a magnificent paraworded editorial had denounced the one occasion I lay in the lower bunk

dox, a land of fabulous wealth and trends of the political administration and he in the upper bunk. We were

dire poverty,"into an independent then in power, he confided in me each reading aloud alternate paraand selfsustaining people. He is something which it might be well if graphs of those last three marvelous

now giving leadership to a tremenall loyal Church members in public chapters of Second Nephi. I heard

dous effort of the Church to help life could emulate: "When I read his voice breaking and thought he

these people to throw off the yokes that editorial,"he told me, "I knew had a cold, but we went on to the of bondage and to build on a end of the three chapters. As we

foundation of truth, faith, and indefinished he said to me, 'Daddy, do pendence, to fulfill the prophecies of you ever cry when you read the the ancients. He has had a hand SURPRISE Book of Mormon?'

in the organization of a thriving stake BY JEAN RASEY 'Yes, Son,'I answered. 'Someand mission in Mexico, with a promtimes the Spirit of the Lord so witise of other stakes and missions to nesses to my soul that the Book of

come in that area. Schools are being The apron tied about your waist Mormon is true that I do cry.'

set up throughout that land under Was ruffletrimmed and gay, "'Well,'he said, 'that is what hapthe supervision of Church leaders. And, oh, hoto lovingly you waited pened to me tonight.'

Only the testimony of that grateful My steps from school that day! "I know not all of them will repeople will one day bear the full spond like that, but I know that some

witness of the results of his efforts Our kitchen gave me fragrant clues of them will, and I tell you this book among those of Mexican birth like That told me of a cakewas given to us of God to read and his own—a heritage in which he takes Hidden from sight, yet one I knew to live by, and it will hold us as

great pride. You had special cause to bake. close to the Spirit of the Lord as

Their search for financial security anything I know. Won't you please

and safety after leaving Mexico led And how was I so sure of this? read it?"

them first to El Paso, then to Los I saw it in your eyes; If you would have an example of

Angeles, and again to Oakley, Idaho, My birthday deftly slipped my mind, the sound logic of his thinking on and then finally to Rexburg, Idaho. Completing my surprise! deeply spiritual themes, you have

In these places, he worked with his but to read the introductory and confather and Uncle Gaskell Romney cluding paragraphs on the subject as a carpenter, which trade he later of repentance which appeared in an turned to his advantage and to the what I should do—but that wasn't article in the Era many months ago.

blessing of his family in the building enough. I knew that I must feel I quote briefly from that article:

of his several homes. right about following the counsel of "The Prophet Joseph Smith speciThe writer first saw Marion G. the Church leaders and know that fied as the first principles and

Romney at Ricks College where he they were right. That took a whole ordinances of the gospel, 'first, Faith

was a star performer both in basketnight on my knees to accomplish."I in the Lord Jesus Christ; second,

ball and football. I saw him then submit in that statement the difRepentance; third, Baptism by imas a "fierce competitor"with a zeal ference between "intelligent"and mersion for the remission of sins;

and the energy coupled with a deter- "blind"obedience. Marion G. Romfourth, Laying on of hands for the

mination which developed him into ney while never disloyal to authority gift of the Holy Ghost.'

a fine athlete. Later I was to see over him, could never be rightfully "These four principles and ordithese same qualities transferred to accused of being "blindly obedient."nances form the arch to the entrance

his studies in higher education and Perhaps few, if any, among us is of The Church of Jesus Christ of his successful practice of the law and more soundlyprincipled in the teachLatter-day Saints. Compliance with

in his activities in the political field ing of gospel truths. Possibly the them, is the process by which one

as a. state legislator. His call to serve secret of his sound doctrine is his receives that rebirth of the water and

as a missionary after his graduation knowledge of and the profound of the Spirit without which, as Jesus from high school interrupted what study he has made of the Book of taught Nicodemus, a man can neither might have developed into an illusMormon, which the Prophet Joseph see nor enter into, the kingdom of trious college athletic career. Smith declared to be "the most corGod. In one sense, repentance is the

In the political field where so rect of any book on earth, and the keystone in that arch. Unless folmuch pressure is exerted on men to keystone of our religion, and a man lowed by repentance, professed 'faith

compromise ideals and principles would get nearer to God by abiding in the Lord Jesus Christ'is impotent;

for expediency, party workers early by its precepts, than by any other unless preceded by repentance, baplearned to admire Marion G. Rombook."(DHC, Vol. IV, p. 461.) tism is a futile mockery, effecting no

ney's intense loyalty to his own His love for the truths of this great remission of sins; and without re742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FRIENDLY AS THE WEST...

Friendliness comes naturally in the West. 'Most anywhere you go, you seem to find a friendly

welcome. Conoco service is like that... because your Conoco dealer is the friendly kind of man

who likes people as much as he likes servicing their cars. Come in and see for yourself. Your

Conoco dealer—a friendly neighbor you can count on.

CONOCO Hottest Brand Going!

1962, Continental Oil Company

OCTOBER 1962 743 penting, no one actually receives the ing a reference to the great strength, As though by inspiration from a companionship of the Holy Spirit of loyalty, and inspiration of his lovely meaningful scripture there came

God, notwithstanding the laying on wife Ida Jensen Romney whom he a great comfort when Elder Romney of hands for the gift of the Holy married September 12, 1924 in the was called to be a General Authority.

Ghost."* Salt Lake Temple. She has been the This was the promise:

And then this concluding parakind of companion who has always "... my son, blessed are you begraph: "From the foregoing and endeavored to be where Marion and cause of your faith in my work.

many other scriptures, it is clear that her family needed her when they "Behold, you have had many afflicrepentance is the process by which needed her. Her first two children, tions... Nevertheless, I will bless

every person must himself put into an infant daughter and an infant son, you and your family, yea, your little operation the plan of mercy on his brought heartache and sadness. Little ones; and the day cometh that they

own behalf, if he would be redeemed Janet lived only six days, and the will believe and know the truth and from spiritual death. In other words, second child, an infant son, was be one with you in my church."

repentance accomplishes for an indistill-born. And this devoted couple have full

vidual with respect to his own sins, Their pride and joy is continuing faith that those words were the what the atonement of Jesus Christ today, however, in the accomplishpromise of the Lord to them and did conditionally for the sins of all. ments of their two splendid sons, theirs.

Such is the place of repentance in the Richard and George, who with their May the blessings of the Lord conplan of redemption."beautiful wives and children give tinue to strengthen this faithful and

No recital of incidents in his life promise to Marion and Ida of a conhumble man of God to the full acwould be adequate without includtinuation of their posterity in the complishment of the mission to

March 1956, 144 ff. generations to come. which the Lord has called him.

Excavation at Nauvoo probably used either for interior supto mention large quantities of brick ports or had some connection with and faced stone. The latter include

(Continued from page 705) the font area such as holding up a several fragments of sun, moon, and witness stand, etc. star stones as well as sculptured

on the north side, at least, a low The most interesting and fascinatpieces thought to have come from brick wall was mortared against the ing find of the season was a stonethe stone oxen which held up the yellow clay which surrounds the site. lined tunnel about a foot square. It font, and probably pieces of the font

The floors of these rooms were probis located nearly ten feet below the itself. In addition, various types of

ably either clay or sand although in surface and runs under the south sculptured stone moulding which one case there are indications that wall in a northwestsoutheast direcadorned parts of the exterior and one of the rooms on the north side tion. Our best guess as to its use interior faces of the building have

had a brick floor. is as a drain for the font. However, been uncovered.

The interior part of the basement we are only speculating at this point Another important aspect of the story held the baptismal font and since only a small part of the tunnel work has been the profile drawings well. This part of the temple was has been uncovered, and we are not of the entire site. Excavation was

deeper than the rooms around the sure whether or not it is connected conducted by digging five foot sides, and while the foundations directly with the font. Preliminary square units, and as each was comare uncovered to about five feet beprobing shows that the structure pleted the vertical faces, or profiles

low present ground surface, test pits extends for a minimum of at least as the archaeologists call them, were have been sunk as much as ten feet fortysix feet. Beyond that point, drawn to exact scale. When the enin the interior portions. In this area debris blocks further examination in tire excavation is complete, profiles

of the site, we have only excavated both directions. will be available for study along

a few preliminary squares, but they Other interesting features yet to every five foot line the entire length show that the floor slopes in toward be worked out include the probable and width of the site.

the interior and what is assumed to brick floor mentioned earlier, a comThe past season has seen the rebe the area of the baptismal font. plex of stone and mortar which may moval of the biggest part of.the overAmong the several interesting have resulted from the Icarian atburden that covered the basement

features which await further illutempts at rebuilding, an area in plus the exposure of many interestmination are four masonry piers first which several large charcoal logs ing features and a fewiproblems yet discovered in December of 1961 have been found next to the floor to be solved. Another season would

by Dr. Melvin L. Fowler of SIU. and which may just possibly tell us be devoted to the finer tasks of

Three of these piers have undergone something of the interior construccarefully hand excavating the disenough preliminary testing to show tion of the building, and several covered features and the removal that they sit on large subpiers the other minor features. and sifting of the ash deposits in

full extent of which are not known. During the course of the past seaorder to uncover the floors and exThey are located between the south son, some 1,500 bags of artifacts pose whatever interesting remains

rooms and the font area and were have been removed from the site not still lie beneath the ground.

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A REWARDING EXPERIENCE

When a new organ completely fulfills its manufacturer's hopes and superbly meets its purchaser's requirements, both seller and buyer enjoy a most rewarding experience.

In the centurylong history of The Baldwin Piano Company, no other instrument has met with more enthusiastic approval than our new, compact Model 46C church organ. This precisionmade organ is designed

specifically to bring inspiring and traditional organ music at its best to the smaller church or chapel.

This is not a large instrument. Two 61note manuals; builtin, 3-

channel, 70watt amplification system; 32note pedalboard. Its ensemble presets help considerably in church service playing. A comprehensive array of independent ensemble and solo voices from the four basic

families of organ tone meet the requirements of most organ literature.

If you desire a compact organ, yet a complete one, for a church of modest size—at economical cost—we sincerely urge you to obtain more

information at once from your nearest Baldwin dealer or from Paul

Mooter, Organ Division, The Baldwin Piano Company, Cincinnati 2,

Ohio. We know you will find an experience with the new Model 46C

Baldwin Organ most rewarding.

OCTOBER 1962 745

There is a Destiny

( Continued from page 729 New England was divided into counties, which in turn were divided into towns. It was thought

good to make each town about six miles square, although this was by no means the rule. When western

New York was surveyed, the New

England pattern was followed. Why

not? Massachusetts men did the

surveying. It was natural for them

to do as their ancestors had done.

MAP U, TOWNSHIP OF WESTERN NEW YORK

chester is six or seven miles south tougher and stronger by the arduous of the farm. Yet, when we speak of labor of clearing land.

these places we imagine them to be Some Simple Economics in the villages. Not so! Farming was the main venture of

So. Roya Brigham Young spent a large part the men of New York and New Engof his boyhood in Aurelius. Origiland. They raised corn, wheat, barnally in 1796 the town consisted of ley, rye, potatoes, carrots, etc. Flax

what are now Brutus, Mentz, Throop, was raised for cloth. Sheep were

Bennett, and Aurelius—as shown on raised for wool, which was spun

into knitted cloth or beef and Pork VERMONT thisBrighammap. arrivedHowever,there,in 1802,the beforetowns sox,and wovengloves, intoetc. and

were taken off so that Aurelius in mutton and wild game from the for1810 was as shown on the map. ests were the meat supplies. At first

Auburne was incorporated at the the wild game predominated, but same time, Port Byron sometime later. gradually the tame varieties supAs the moves of the Church memplanted them.

bers are studied, one should keep They could expect some cash from

MAP 3, OLD SURVEYS OF VERthese facts in mind. Durham was making potash. This was done by

MONT AND NEW HAMPSHIRE a townsite southwest of Albany. leeching water through the wood

Sherburne and Tyrone were towns. ashes from their clearing operations,

The map above shows the towns The Young family lived in Durham then evaporating the water in large near Joseph Smith's birthplace in in 1796, then moved to Hopkinton, kettles, leaving the potash.

Vermont. For a while the family lived Massachusetts (the old home), then Maple sugar was another cash

in Tunbridge. But this was out on to Whitingham, Vermont (another crop. This was also a tedious process.

a farm in the township, not in the townsite), then to Sherburne, AureIt took about forty gallons of sap to village. In the same manner we say lius, Tyrone, and Mendon. All of make one gallon of syrup weighing

the Prophet was born in Sharon. But these moves except that of Mendon eleven pounds. If boiled into sugar,

the village of Sharon is four or five were to raw land which had to be the same amount of sap gave about miles away. Actually he was born cleared of great forests. The Smith six pounds of sugar.

near the town line between Sharon moves from Tunbridge, to Sharon, As time went by and the country and Royalton. Therefore, he was Vermont, and to Lebanon, New began to fill up, clapboard houses

born in Sharon Town, but not in Hampshire, were the same. The replaced the log cabins. Some of

Sharon Village. Actually, the village final move to Palmyra ended with the families could now go into the

of South Royalton is closer—one has the Smith family wrestling with a sawmill business; others became

to pass through it to get to the farm. farm in a wooded district. When one carpenters. The enlarging economy

The map at the top of the page reads in Essentials in Church History enlarged the opportunities for ecoshows the layout of the towns about by President Joseph Fielding Smith nomic advantage.

Palmyra. Part of the Smith farm is that the family cleared thirty acres John Young did his last heavy

in Palmyra, but the house is in Manin one year, one can realize someclearing of land at a site in Tyrone chester. The Hill Cumorah is in thing of the immense physical Township—eighteen miles north of

Manchester. Yet the village of Palstrength that Joseph Smith and his Painted Post, a frontier trading stamyra is two or three miles north of sons possessed. These men were tion. He had followed John P.

the farm, while the village of Manphysically strong and were made Greene whose own farm was six

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

free delivery

Tremonton Logan

very Friday

* Brigham City reasons why you like

North Ogden

.Roy*9den

Clearfield JX/E I to shop at!Z Kaysville Tuesday

Layton O Formington Thunday Centerville Saturday * Bountiful

*Kearns if Salt lake City Ma9"a Granger Murray daily Tuesday * Midvale *'*"'Saturday West "Sandy Jordan 'Draper

LeM Grove * Fork AmericanOrem. pleosant

every Provo

Springville Wednesday DOWNTOWNMain and South Temple 4800COTTONWOODSouth and Highland Drive

Spanish Fork Shop Shop till Monday, Thursday, till 9 Friday Monday p.m.—Poyson

p.m., other days to other days 10 a.m. 10 a.m. 6 p.m. 9 to 6 p.m.

You've always liked our location... our

call tollfree credit plans (more valuable than ever with

Zenith 801 TA 5-221 Logan Ogden area more free delivery)... our hours.,. our services

Tremonton DA 2-1 585 Brigham City Salt Lake City area from snack bar to direct line ordering. Not to

Farmington FR 4-1 730 mention "everything for Lehi everyone in every price Orem Fork American

Provo range."you'll like us even NOW Pleasant moreGrove

Springville Spanish Fork with two big stores. Payson

A perfect family Christmas gift! scRiptimes

OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER DAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED BY DESERET BOOK COMPANY

A FAMILY edition of the scriptures containing the King James version of the Holy Bible, the Book of Mormon, Doctrine &

Covenants, Pearl of Great Price, a Combination Reference, a Family

Genealogy Record Section, and Seventytwo Beautiful Color Illustrations (Including Temples, Church Presidents, the Entire Cody

Mural, Arnold Friberg's Book of Mormon Paintings, and Religious

Paintings by the Early Masters). All bound in topgrain cowhide with a full color picture of the Angel $4295

Moroni on the front. EASY CREDIT TERMS

Wheelwright Publications, Inc., 971 South West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

J I am interested in having your personal representative call and show me the Holy Scriptures.

] I am interested in a dealership authorizing me to sell the Holy Scriptures in my area.

] I desire to purchase a book. Enclosed is a check/money order for $42.95

plus state sales tax. Postpaid.

State

OCTOBER 1962 747

miles nearer to that source of supply. making fresh starts, others moving cessful conclusion to the work.

The first winter there was trying and in from the back country. Brigham Young became a carpendifficult. Food ran out in early The Erie Canal passed near the ter, painter, and glazier. Joseph

spring, and the Young boys were village of Palmyra. In a sense there Smith became a prophet, a seer, and

forced to scatter, looking for work was a real boom in the town during a revelator. One day they met.

where they could find it. But after the construction period from 1815 to Brigham promptly knew Joseph for

that first year things eased up a little. 1825. Farmers thought they could what he was. Joseph, at the same

Meanwhile, Brigham established see a possible market for crops, and time, knew Brigham for what he was himself at Aurelius and began cleared their land with renewed to become. Who can measure the

to learn the painter's trade—later vigor. influences of politics, land, climate, or

branching out in carpentry. This vVith these factors in mind one can roads which brought them together?

was largely work at Port Byron. readily conjecture that John Young, "God moves in a mysterious

These moves took place about 1815. away off to the south at Tyrone way..."said a poet.

Now we see John with two of the would hear the siren call of easier "There is a destiny which shapes boys at Tyrone, and Brigham at money near the canal route. He our ends..."said another.

Aurelius. The economy was rural—was a farmer, not a canal builder, Acknowledgements

References leading to a of the study so raise crops, to raw. If to farming they couldand he stuck but moved of State Towns York were supplied New

sell there, of theysometimes could part he Mendon. and his Once the Historical York by Association, New

what they raised. boys, Lorenzo and Phinehas, wrote Miss Dorothy C. Barck, Librarian. Miss

The state of New York now went to Brigham of the advantages at Barck was most helpful in tracing the history of Aurelius.into the business. canal Contracts opportunibooming Mendon—new

are Roads redrawn a from map of New millions spent in ties. a better chancewere let and were Brigham saw York, in issued in the possession 1810 and

gouging out the great Erie Canal. to ply his trade. He moved to of the Historian's Office, The Church of

The men working on the canal Mendon. Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

were paid in cash. They had to be The stage was now set. Joseph The map of the towns of Vermont is

fed, so there was a demand created Smith, Jim., was on a farm three fromthe Historian'san old mapOffice.also in the possession of

for farm produce. This economy afmiles northwest from the Hill The more detailed account of the history

fected every farmer in that part of Cumorah. Brigham Young was fairof the great land speculation by Livthe state. ly close, about twentyfive miles ingston, PhelpsGorham et al, is to be

in Vol. 5, History State found the of of disgreatest course, prosperity the varying away. Others were at Of Vol.) edited York Alexander (10 by New

the itself. tances. route along canal could bewas The vision now is this Flick. of history in the H. A set

And here many people settled, some given with perfect chances of a sucLibrary of the University of Utah.

in every detail PERFECTION A pipe organ need not be big to be perfect for your church. This twomanual instrument, a product of

modern engineering skill and expert craftsmanship, was custombuilt to blend tonally and visually with its surroundings. Wicks exclusive Direct

Electric Action assures years of troublefree enjoyment; all Wicks Organs are

guaranteed for ten years.

Have you played a Wicks Pipe Organ recently? Write for information.

The House of Wicks WICKS ORGAN COMPANY Highland, Illinois

748 THE IMPROVEMENT EKA The Word of Wisdom States make this a very difficult smoking. Nevertheless, last year in

problem to solve. Nevertheless, the United States, smoking went up

(Continued from page 717) something must be done about it. 4.2 percent to more than 490,000,000,-

A public education program which 000 cigarets in one year. Four

part or all of your lung, but it is the has been started in numerous states hundred and ninety billion cigarets!

only thing that we can do—the only should be made nationwide. Do you have any idea of what a bilchance you have."As this information on the relationlion is? If you were to take every

So we go to the operating room ship between cigaret smoking and minute that has passed from right with sixty Mr. Browns. We open up cancer became available, the physithis moment back to the birth of

the chests and in twentyfive out of cian population of the United States Christ, it is just over one billion.

these sixty—we are too late. The began to stop smoking. One doctor Four hundred and ninety billion

cancer has already spread beyond in four who was a smoker five years cigarets! This is enough cigarets to

bounds. We do the best we can. ago has now stopped. Slowly the bring into the government an estiSometimes our effort just amounts adult population is cutting down on mated two and three quarters billion

to taking a little piece of the tissue to confirm our diagnosis. We then

close the chests and send the patients back down to their waiting families.

A week later, when we are ready to send Mr. Brown home, we have a

talk with him and his family. We

say, "Mr. Brown, last week when we

operated on you, sir, you did indeed have a cancer of the lung, but we are sorry, sir, we were too late.

There was nothing we could do for you. We will try our very best to

keep you comfortable. You go home

and make out your will. You have

approximately four months to live."

Now, again, that is the average.

This gives us twentyfive for whom we have a fighting chance. One out

of three! In these, we remove all or

part of the lung, and we hope for a fiveyear survival. But, let's invite them all back approximately

five years from tomorrow. We will

not have to hire a hall. We can just

about do it in a phone booth because there are only going to be five of them there. That is the average in

this day of excellent anesthesia, superb surgery, and postoperative care, and what we had hoped to be a little public education, but we just to drive quitecannot seem the FROM (arnationseriousness matters of these home.

Perhaps you can see now why A DIFFERENT HOT CEREAL!

many of the physicians of the United

States have been included of this nation,educational program in the 100% nourishing golden wheat! New deeprich

particularly people and to the young flavor! Wonderful new smoothness! see school children.the can You

why, in Italy, advertising of tobacco has been banned throughout the enThere's new family enjoyment in the different tire country. Definitive steps have hot cerealCarnation Instant Wheat! Brings you

been taken to discourage cigaret the true deeprich flavor of 100% golden whole wheat... in tiny flakes that cook to wonderful new other nations insmoking many smoothness in just three minutes! the Engworld includingthroughout

land, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Best nourishment, tooCarnation's exclusive low-!!!STANT

and Russia. The United States is heat process retains all the natural active protein,

far behind other nations of the world B-vitamins and minerals of the golden whole grain.

in this respect. It is no secret that Surprise the family with this new cereal, soon!

the social, economic, and political A quality product from Carnation.

implications of tobacco in the United

OCTOBER 1962 749 dollars a year in taxes alone. mother. The percentage of smokers ing courses of schoolwork.

To bring about this increase in was highest among students in CathThere are some additional statistobacco consumption, the tobacco olic parochial schools. It was lowest tics and studies, however, that should

industry spends about $250,000,000 among the students in the suburban be mentioned. These concern mainly

in a year for advertising alone. Six public high schools. the young women. Those of us in the

of the tobacco companies are in the In all of the high schools that were field of medicine have often felt that top twentyfive companies in the studied however, it was interesting to when a young woman takes up the nation in the amount spent in advernote that there was a group of stusmoking habit, she gives up some tising. Two hundred and fifty mildents that tended not to smoke. At of her basic femininity. Many of

lion dollars a year—that is twice as least, a very low percentage of them the young girls who are smokers

much as the American Heart Assodid smoke. These were the young show rather subtle skin, hair, and

ciation, the American Cancer Society, people who were prominent in hormonal changes. Very often their

and the American Tuberculosis Soextracurricular activities such as voices deepen, and they begin to ciety combined have to spend in athletics, school government, etc. On take up the very unfeminine habit of

a whole year for all aspects of their the other hand, it was revealed, not hacking and spitting.

research, treatment, and public eduonly in the Portland survey, but also A recent study on premature aging cation programs! in surveys taken in Utah, that there showed that where the premature

This advertising is aimed primarily is a group in each school that almost aging occurs in approximately two to at the young people. The tobacco universally smoke. These young 4% of the normal population, it is

industry is not particularly conpeople have been termed by their found in 66% of the smoking populacerned about the eventual effects of fellow students as the "parking lot tion. A study conducted at the

their product on the longterm gang"or, "the parking lot bums."Baltimore Health Department Presmoker. Their sights are set only Some generalizations can be made natal Clinic and reported at a meetupon increased sales and greater of this group. They represent a very ing of the Johns Hopkins Medical

consumption, to be brought about by high percentage of high school dropand Surgical Association enlisted increasing the number of young outs. They tend to have more the cooperation of 2,735 smoking

people who will acquire the smoking accidents—twice as many shop acciand nonsmoking women and comhabit. dents and three times as many pared the findings from the two

Personally, I think now is the time automobile accidents as the nongroups. It was found that premature

to do something about this. smoking members of their student babies were born much more comIn order better to evaluate the body. monly of smoking mothers than of

teenage smoking problem, a national Another survey of high school stunonsmoking mothers, from a low of survey of high school students was dents showed a percentage of smok11% among nonsmokers to a high of conducted for the American Cancer ers much the same as found in 22.9% for women who smoke more

Society by a private youth survey Portland, with an increase in boys than a pack a day. Fetal deaths

organization. The findings were from 21% smoking at the end of the were found to be more than twice

approximately the same as a study freshman year, to 44% at the end of as high among infants of cigaret in Portland conducted during the the senior year. It was noted that smokers than those of nonsmokers—

195859 school year involving 21,980 approximately 10% of the young 15.5% versus 6.4% for each one thoustudents in 11 public schools, 5 Cathsmokers developed their habit before sand births.

olic parochial schools, and 5 subtheir teens and approximately 65% Prematurity is associated with a urban public schools. Approximately develop it during their high school higher death rate, averaging approxi11,000 boys and 11,000 girls were years. The remaining 25% take up mately 20% of the children born

included. smoking after high school. It was weighing less than 2,500 grams,

It was found that the number of also noted that solitary smoking is while only 3% die, of those children smokers was consistently greater for rather uncommon among teenagers, weighing more than 2,500 grams.

each successive grade. Among the with only about 5% smoking by Also, prematurity is known to have

boys, the percentage of regular themselves. a greater incidence of congenital

smokers was found to be 14.5% Why do teenagers smoke? In the malformations, etc.

at the end of their first year and Portland study, we found that the These statistics are very frightenbetter than 35% by the time they first and most important consideraing, and I think they should be part were seniors. tion is whether or not the parents of the educational program for all

It was interesting to note that 26% smoke. Smoking by older children young people. All aspects of the

of the young women were addicted is frequently part of this pattern. In risk they are taking when smoking

and smoking daily by the time they any event, what seems to be signifishould be made clear to them.

were seniors. cant is that smoking is accepted by The Lord knew whereof he spoke

It was further found that the perthe family as a normal and expected when he said, "... tobacco is not for

centage of smokers was highest form of behavior. The second most the body, neither for the belly, and

among children of families in which important aspect seems to lie in the is not good for man...."(D&C

both parents smoked cigarets; the failure of young people to achieve 89:8.)

lowest in families where neither parpeer group status or satisfactions. The findings of science concernent had been a smoker. The smoking Smoking is very common among ing the harmful effects of tobacco

behavior of the boys tends to conthose who have fallen behind their alone should convince even the most form more closely with that of the age group in school or do not particiskeptical that the Word of Wisdom father while the smoking behavior of pate in extracurricular activities and is a revelation which should be girls follows more closely that of the take the less scholastically demandstudied, believed, and obeyed.

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cotton and the Book of Mormon

(Continued from page 724)

disease resistance and other valuable characteristics are presently being transferred from the wild ancestors of cotton to the cultivated varieties by this technique.

Subsequent studies have given further confirmation of the fact that the A genome of the American cultivated cottons was obtained from the Old World cultivated cottons.

Harland and Atteck 7 demonstrated that the American cultivated polyploid cotton was colored as the result of two gene series for color.

They further demonstrated that one of these gene series occurs in and is allelomorphic (situated at the same location in homologous chromosomes) with those controlling color of the American wild diploid cottons.

They also demonstrated that the other series of alleles regulating color are allelomorphic with those of the cultivated diploid cottons of southwestern Asia. Selecting the "right"architect for your church building

This as well as a number of other program is one of the most important decisions you studies have demonstrated that the have to make. Here's a new 12page guide that gives

large chromosomes present in the you a stepby-step plan for architect selection...

American cultivated cottons are provides you with a helpful worksheet for determining homologous with the 13 large your needs... tells you what to expect from your

chromosomes of the cultivated cotarchitect... and how to create a good working

tons of southwest Asia and the small relationship. The booklet was written by Robert L.

chromosomes of the American cultiDurham, FAIA and member of the Church Architectural with are homologous cottonsvated of the Guild of America. It has been developed by the Rilco small chromosomesthe 13

wild American cottons. Engineered Wood Products Division of Weyerhaeuser

With the parentage of the AmeriCompany to make your building program as simple and can cultivated species thus far deefficient as possible. Send for your free booklet today.

termined, the questions that remain are: 1- Which of the seven American

wild species was involved in the Rilcoa naturallaminatedfor a housewood ofarchesworship.and Thebeamswarmare

cross? and 2- How did cultivated cothues and subtle grain patterns create a dramaton from the Old World find its way tic architectural character unduplicated by any

is Initial erection low, cost other material. shores? ourto

fast costs minimal. maintenance and To giveis

to the first question, a answer In interesting of use laminated the you ideas on number of lines of genetic and wood, a Rilco Church Construction booklet morphological evidence point to also accompanies the Church Architect booklet.

Gossypium raimondii, a wild cotton from Peru, as the American parent. Weyerhaeuser

Asiatic that the indicateThis may Company parent a become was to> whichcotton Rilco Engineered Wood species American cultivatedof the Division SP #.;>* Products

was introduced into the New World Dept. B-550 Tacoma 1, Wash.

by way of Peru. This then leaves

the big question: How did the cotton Please send me your new booklet, Selecting

plant that was to become a parent getherand Workingwith thewith RilcoYour ChurchChurch Architect,Constructiontoof early American cultivated cottons Ideas booklet.

find its way to the western shore of

South America? Since southwestern Name

Asia is separated from the coast of Church

Peru by about ten thousand miles of Address

City Zone State: if m> ma mm \

OCTOBER 1962 751 A TOTAL ELECTRIC ocean, this crossing to find its Ameriplant picture. Man did cross the

can mate was no small feat. Pacific bearing domesticated plants.

of possibility cotton cotton carried suggest Genetics was heavy The GOLD carfloating grains America. or That seeds even pollen by man to man

this distance in ocean water or being ried Asiatic domestic cotton to the is the MEDALLION carriedflight, areby soair improbablecurrents or asbirdsnot toin simplestNew Worldreasonableat an earlyexplanation."date

have enlisted serious consideration May I again read to you from the

HOME bya crossingstudentsofofthethisBeringquestion.StraitNorfromis willBookbeof1 Mormon.Nephi, chapterMy text18, thisversetime24.

Siberia to Alaska worthy of serious This is the account of the doings of consideration. Cotton is a tropical Lehi and those that were with him

and semitropical plant and has not on their arrival in the promised land.

been grown in the Siberian and "And it came to pass that we did

Alaskan areas. The complete abbegin to till the earth, and we began

sence of the cotton plant and the to plant seeds; yea, we did plant all

twobarred loom from the northern our seeds into the earth, which we areas of Asia and America leave no had brought from the land of Jerusupporting evidence for such a salem. And it came to pass that they

theory. did grow exceedingly; wherefore, we

in abundance."blessed hypothesis advanced were by Har- A

3 this brought to this cotton to explain was That 7 in 1939 A wonderful new land dilemma, was that the crossing was hemisphere from southern Asia by way to live made by way of a land bridge joincivilized man is further shown by the ing the two continents back in the

Cretaceous or early Tertiary times.

This theory is open to objections that appear to be insurmountable. In reThe only conquests which are

UTAH LIGHT POWER & Hutchinson, this hypothesis CO. viewing leave no regrets are and permanent

Buy from dealmr your now state that Stephens 7 Silow, and ourselves. over our conquests

Paleobotanical evidence indicated that the bridge referred to had disappeared, if it ever existed, before the parent cotton species with which fact that there have been found in we are concerned had developed. In desert graves of preInca Peru the

addition, if the Asiatic cotton mispinning and weaving instruments grated across a ten thousand mile that were used in the making of bridge by natural means, one would cotton cloth. Of the spindles found,

expect that such a welladapted and Crawford:i records that the same

vigorous colonizer as this would respinning device was used in Peru quire, would have left behind related as was used in southwest Asia. The

traces of cotton on the island relics twobarred cotton loom was used in of the bridge. Such is not the case. the Old World and also in the promNo such cotton is found in all the ised land. In addition to the above,

islands of the Pacific. In addition, a method of producing a color patif a species of cotton sufficiently tern, called resist dyeing, that was

vigorous to have migrated the ten in use in southern Asia during the thousand miles were to be introlast centuries before the birth of duced into Peru, why has it now Christ, was also used by the early completely disappeared from the textile experts of the Western

New World? And then there is Hemisphere. Man not only brought

genetic evidence to show that the cultivated cotton seeds from the Old cultivated cottons of the New World World but tools to spin the lint, and are of recent origin. These argudyeing techniques as well. Evidence

ments seem to rule out the theory of that is accumulating also suggests natural spread to our shores. How that other plants 3 such as the bottle

then did Asiatic cotton come to Peru? gourd (Lagenaria siceraria) and the

On this question Hutchinson, Silow, yam (Dioscores alata) were brought

alternative remains, "Only one that Hemisphere in the prehistoric past.HOME STUDY and Stephens 7 suggest the following: from southern Asia to the Western across carried the Pacific they were

catalog to: by man among the seeds of his crop Conclusions

plants and with the tools of his

NAME civilization."The evidence presented here indiADDRESS. On this same point Carter 3 stated cates: 1. That the cotton plant

CITY STATE. "Land bridges cannot account for the cultivated in America in the preto: HOME STUDY

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO.UTAH

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

historic past originated from a cross the Missionary..

between the cultivated cottons of southwestern Asia and a wild American species, probably G. raimondii,

which is native to the area now istinctive choice of known as Peru. programs to make the

2. The evidence strongly suggests farewell complete. The

that the Asiatic cotton was brought missionary's photograph across the Pacific ocean to America included in folded by civilized man. Along with the program.

cotton, the twobarred loom used in southwestern Asia, and a knowledge $18.00 for 500

of resist dyeing were also brought to and 85c per 100 this hemisphere. Evidence indicates for more or lets than 500

that plants other than cotton were plus postage also brought across the Pacific at an early date. Remnants of the bottle

gourd (L. siceraria) which origiThe West's Finest

nated in India are found along with Printers and Binders cotton in graves in Peru that date back several centuries before Christ.

3. Cotton is a tropical or semitropical plant and has not been

grown in northern Asia or northern

America. Since this is so it could not

have been brought to America by slow migrating people by way of the

Bering Strait. This would seem to

prove that at least once in the pre33 RICHARDS ST.

historic past, contact between Asia EM 4-2581 and America was made by a route SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH other than the Bering Strait.

4. Since civilized man brought

cotton from Asia to America, the civilization that flourished in the cotton using area of the New World may not have originated here but could have been transplanted from southern Asia.

LITERATURE CITED

iBeasley, J. O., 1940. "The Origin of

the American Tetrapoid Gossupium Species."Am. Nat. pp. 74, 285.

-Bird, Junis and Mahler, Jay. 195152.

"America's Oldest Cotton Fabrics."American Fabrics, Vol. 20, pp. 7378.

Carter, George F. 1950. "Plant Evidence of Early Contacts with America."

Southwestern Journal of Anthropology, Vol.

6, pp. 161182.

Crawford, M.D.C. 1948. "The Heritage

Book of Cotton."Fairchild Publishing

Company. 5Harland, S. C. 1939. "The Genetics of

Cotton."Jonathan Cape.

RHarland, S. C. 1940. "New Polyploids in Cotton by the Use of Colchicine."

Trop. Agr. T'dad. pp. 17, 53.

7Hutchinson, J. B., Silow, B. A., and

Stevens, S. G. 1947. "The Evolution of

Gossypium and the differentiation of the

Cultivated Cottons."Oxford University

Press. sSkovsted, A. 1934. "Cytological Studies

in Cotton. II. To Interspecific Hybrids beAsiatictween and New World Cottons."A title on the door...rates a Bigelow on the floor

407. Genet,Journal pp. 28,

"Skovsted, A. 1937. "Cytological Studies P. S. Now that you're a Captain of Industry, why not deck out your quarters with

in Cotton."IV. Chromosome Conjugation the quiet, comfort and distinction of Bigelow Carpets. Special designs, colors

in Interspecific Hybrids. Ibid., pp. 34, 97. and textures available. Call any Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept.,

140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

OCTOBER 1962 753 Ladies! THE ART OF These Times

(Continued from page 698) a new book HOMEMAKING of Reason"failed emotional, to stop especially by Daryl V. Hoole irrational forces—read Carlyle's History on Dickens'Tale of Two Cities),

supplement for the 196263 An excellent said: Washington for you! Relief Society Lessons.

the dispositions "Ur an and habits lead political prosperity, A practical and useful approach to the imwhich to responsibility of creating portant a home conreligion and morality are indisspirituality. to efficiency, happiness, ducive and

pensable supports. In vain will that

S. of Belle Spafford, President General tribute claim the of patriotism the man

Relief Society says: Art "The Homemaking of should labor to subvert these who blueset forth succinct V. a has Hoole Daryl by

print for homemaking based on experience and reat pillars of human happiness—

inspired enthusiasm for the art."these firmest props of the duties of

men and citizens."

The free establishment of religion

of the First Amendment, Co. object THE DcsereSBooh is, therefore, seen as an important establishing state without churches 44 East Soulh Temple - Salt lake City, Utah

kVWHWT.W*J**Ml"TT in these times. If any further sober

Deseret Book Company reflection is needed, merely consider 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah the established state "religions"of

Enclosed please find....check the communist nations—and the HOMEMAK'NG Gentlemen:

.... money order.... I have a charge account, prohibition of free religious bodies,

please charge $2.95 for The Art of Homemakattitudes, practices, and worship in

ing by Daryl V. Hoole. these times.

Name Address

City Zone State Church Moves On

Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax. (Continued from page 695)

Members of the Salt Lake Tabreturned ernacle Choir from late \ms * <tif- w?> their this evening. concert tour

Elder William H. Day sustained

as president of Tulsa (Oklahoma)

For a gala evening Stake,N. Sears.succeedingCounselorsPresidentsustainedRobertwere

Elders Veigh J. Nielson and Harvey

... enjoy sparkling music... W. Thompson. Both President Day

serving as Elder Nielson were and fine food... gracious service to Sears. counselors President

... in the beautiful

With Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve, softball church of the chairman HOTEL UTAH ball, out the first program, throwing ninetyeight teams began the allDinner and dancing church senior and junior softball tournament at the George Q. Morris

nightly except Sunday Park in Salt Lake City. It is a fiveROOM day, double elimination tournament,

Complete dinners from $3 00 'Supper selections from $ 1 75 with four games being played simultaneously at the beginning of the

FREE PARKING at Hotel Utah Garage meet. An estimated 1,400 particifor Sky Room Dinner Guests pants and others attended the banquet at the Terrace Ballroom tonight.

Accompanied by his son and LEARN daughterin-law, Elder and Mrs.

AT RobertO. McKayR. departedMcKay, Presidentby jet fromDavidSalt

HOMES Lake City for Glasgow, Scotland, teacher. quickly your music Learn Be own—* will a stake of the organize he where

to at or instrument. play piano home any

this end. easy. lessons horpicturedSEESFamous make Church week No

or profitable highpay exercises.ing cost. right Play Low Art,career Fashion Commercial glamorousLearn1,000,000 students. for Write book. away.FREEit trainPainting". at TV, home,Cartooning, No hobby.EnjoyArt,

outfits extratime art inatspare We(worth 2 call. will of S. Schoolsalesman Studio Music, U.

Book $25)youday. only includedFREE etc.—2-pc.LOW12010, Port Washington, Chartered, N.Y. N.Y. of acall. 200will Schooldescribesno Washington salesman NoCOST

Y. (Estab. 24Z10. N. 1914) Port TWOcharge.easyArt, Lettering,Studiocourse. Washington,State out Dept. Educa. reminder. as Tear

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

for those you love The True Spirit of Counseling SEASON'S GREETINGS

( Continued from page 731

given you; seek and ye shall find;

knock and it shall be opened unto you: "For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth;

and to him that knocketh it shall be opened. "Or what man is there of you, picturing you whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone?

"Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?"(Matt. 7:7-10. Italics

added.

Again, "Ask the Father in my name, in COMPLETE with ENVELOPES faith believing that you shall receive, and you shall have the Holy Ghost, which manifesteth all things which are expedient unto the children of men."(D&C 18:18.)

At this development Shirley indi50 CARDS with ENVELOPES $3.49

cated that she understood the prin100 CARDS with ENVELOPES $5.99

ciple involved, but she did not know CHOOSE YOUR FAVORITEwhether she was willing to accept FAMILY SNAPSHOTthe dictates of the Spirit to her. She

knew, however, that that which was The most delightfully warm and directed by the Spirit would be best. allpersonal—andChristmasso inexpensive!GreetingRunof

The counselor then indicated that through your favorite family if her desires were strong enough, negatives now—pick the one

she would find the soulsatisfying anyou want to appear on your swer to her problems. Shirley left Christmascoupon belowCard today.—and Yourmail

the interview feeling that she would Christmas cards will be on their in faith give the proposed method way to you in a few weeks, a try. She now fully understood that envelopes and all! Order now 10

her decision must be her own, based avoid disappointment!

upon putting to test the divine prinSAM'S LAB PHOTO that her, loveciple and that did God If., 11 P.O. Box Salt Dept. AA, Lake City, Utah ILLUSTRATED: NEW

if she gain answer hershe could "SLIMLINE"find enclosed $ for in in her heaven Father askwould Photos with attached negatives. SIZE: ChristmasPlease CARD -ACTUAL

sincere faith. She believed that God 3M>"x7"Please Print

in his infinite mercy would not make SATISFACTION GUARANTEED Name a mistake as to her future welfare.

Address In about two months Shirley reORDER NOW!

turned with an entirely new outlook Sorry! No guarantee of delivery on City State

on life. She had of her own will orders received after December 1. PRESIDENTS of UTAH add S% TAX

broken with her former group and especially with the young man who had refused to change his ways. She

had never felt so secure; she knew \\ n

that she did, with divine guidance, BURNED OUThave control over the direction of her own life. She said that she had REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

never known such sweet peace live,before. A fire may mean you are out of a place to

with tremendous added expense before you find another.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance to cover today's higher values.

Idleness is the selfmade sepulcher of'aa livinaliving man.man. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

OCTOBER 1962 755 hisANNUAL CONFIDENTIAL VISITS influence. Surely the quorum member must see

president in a light other than one constantly asking

In the program of quorum activity much of the presifor service.

dency's time is used in visits to quorum members. The It is in the social relationship that the friendships

successful presidency will be constantly visiting the are cultivated which lead to true quorum influence in members. These visits will fall into two categories: the lives of members. One cannot get very warm

about belonging to the Nth quorum if it is merely 1. The visits for assignment. These are for the puran accident of geography. But the kindness, underpose of inviting service on quorum projects and standing, and happy friendliness of John Jones,

programs. (A man is asked to give time and effort president of the quorum, make the quorum live in the

to a project to serve the purposes of the quorum. ) If heart of the member. Visits for sociability or recrethe presidency understands the committee work of ation, or to help in time of trouble—those times when

the quorum, it will readily see that these visits are wives mingle, too—these are what count. Mary Smith

made with considerable frequency. In addition to may be married to John Smith, a man not very active.

the purpose of asking for service, other visits are She has worked and pressed and pleaded with her made to encourage the work thus accepted, to check husband to become active for the children's sake.

on progress, and to receive a report on results when And now, at a time of discouragement, apparently out the job is finished. This last call to learn results is of a clear sky, a smiling couple begin to be their

important, for at this time the man who has comfriends, asking no favors, but inviting them to share pleted the project receives the thanks of the presitheir fun, their entertainment, their hospitality. Then,

dency. This is usually the most appreciated result too, because of these visits and the friendliness enof the job, the heartfelt thanks—the "well done"—gendered, the president can invite other good and

from the leaders. happy members to share their social life with this

2. The visits for sociability. The strands of friendlonely and misunderstood couple. Warmth develops,

ship and loyalty are the warp and woof of quorum which happily enlarges (Continued on page 766)

MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COURSE OF STUDY 19631964

The study course for the Melchizedek To help introduce the course, the NovemPriesthood Quorums for 1963 and 196k ivill be ber issue of the Era ivill contain these special based on the book "Jesus the Christ"by Dr. features

James E. Talmage. A lesson outline for class 1. Sixteen pages in full color of reproducinstructors is available through Deseret Book tions of fine paintings depicting important

Company, 1+k East South Temple Street, Salt events in the Savior's life and ministry, the

Lake City, Utah. The price is 25c. work of Carl Bloch, great Danish religious

The book "Jesus the Christ,"which every illustrator, with commentary on artist and pichome and every priesthood bearer should have, tures.

is available at Church book distributors in any 2. Editorial, "To Know the Christ"by

one of several editions. A special inexpensive President David 0. McKay.

edition published for this year's Melchizedek 3. "Who Is Our Savior?"by President J.

Priesthood study course can be had for $1.50 Reuben Clark, Jr.

each, post paid. Also available are these Jt. A review and evaluation of the book

editions: "Jesus the Christ"by Elder Marion G. Romney

Fabricoid Library—3.75 of the Council of the Twelve.

Pocket size, leather—6.50 5. Background notes on the writing of the

Genuine leather, regular size—8.00 book by John Talmage, son of Dr. James E.

As a further aid to the study of this most Talmage.

important subject, "The Improvement Era,"6. A brief life story of James E. Talmage.

beginning in November and continuing period- 7. "Jesus Christ—Author of Truth"by Dr,

ically throughout the months ahead, will feature Alma P. Burton.

background material, lesson helps, and visual Order your materials early and be ready aids. for this inspiring new course of study.

"And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in occasional comments from young men who say they favour with God and man."(Luke 2:52.) Notice the desire to go on a mission for the purpose of learning

word increase—"Jesus increased."The responsibility how to speak more fluently or to develop poise. It

of every person called to be an adviser in the Aaronic should be remembered that this development is the

Priesthood is to stimulate each boy in such a way that byproduct of forgetting oneself in the service of others.

he will "increase in wisdom and stature, and in favour As an Aaronic Priesthood adviser, one has a sacred with God and man."Contrary to some of the current responsibility to encourage the boys to participate in

literature being distributed, a young man needs more activities, projects, and gospel discussions—all of which

than a gray flannel suit and a conviction that he can are designed to provide experiences which will infludo anything he wants if he but squares his shoulders ence character growth. An adviser is more than just

and displays the determination to increase and become a teacher of a Sunday morning class. He is to become

successful. Man is not selfcontained. Growth is not a real companion and a respected friend to every

the result of selfish thoughts and selfish acts. Growth boy, to demonstrate sincere love and interest in the

and increase come from powers outside of the indiwelfare of each boy. A good adviser is not concerned

vidual. Yes, it may even be said that no man is with past mistakes of the boy and does not expect

selfmade. and encourage him to confide to him his personal

Just consider for a moment the great growth that transgressions. Rather, he will teach him to unload

takes place in a young man while serving on a misthese personal burdens to his bishop. An adviser

sion. This growth is a result of outside nourishment. should feel personally responsible to teach gospel

In other words, he forgets himself and exercises his principles and encourage discussion of gospel subjects.

talents in helping others. It is discouraging to hear His challenge is to teach the young men to pray, to

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OUR NEED FOR SPIRITUALITY WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT FOR NOVEMBER

President David O. McKay defines spirituality as "the

consciousness of victory over self, and of communion with the Infinite. Spirituality impels one to conquer PRESIDING difficulties and acquire more and more strength."

difference to surrounding conditions and responsiBIS OPKICS Spirituality is not constant meditation and an inbilities; rather, it is doing those things which are in D accordance with the mind and will of God. It concerns itself with temporal life as well as with things ACE

of the spirit. In our work, in our play, in our associations with our fellow men, and even when we are

alone, we must consciously and continuously control our thoughts and actions and keep them in tune with the principles of the gospel.

In everyone there exists a spark of spirituality which was bom with them, hut this spark seems to have died within some people because they are too concerned with accumulating wealth and satisfying worldly desires, and their minds are filled with worry, doubt, and unrighteousness. Many of these people

have a sense of insecurity and feel something lacking in their lives. Converts to the Church have stated that

they felt a need for something but did not realize what it was until they were taught the gospel and began to live its principles.

Obedience to the commandments of God is the key to spirituality. However, we cannot choose the commandments to which we will be faithful, obeying some

and ignoring others. Unless we develop enough faith

resist temptations, to respect parents, and to develop in God to obey every one of the laws which he has all of the virtues necessary to find favor with God given to us, we will not receive exaltation and a fuland man. A good adviser will: ness of spirituality. We must continually study and

Inspire quorum members to keep all the commandlearn the commandments of God; for if we do not

ments and to prepare to become missionaries. know what the commandments are, we cannot acquire

Earn and establish mutual respect. perfection in obedience to them.

Offer encouragement and suggestions, not criticism. No one on earth, except Jesus Christ, has lived a

Know what each boy has learned to do exceptionally perfect life; however, one purpose in our being here

well. is to progress and attempt to perfect ourselves. If we

Be a friend, become well acquainted with the boy's continually strive to acquire selfmastery and reach family, and visit the home often. toward spirituality and perfection, we may become

Have poise, manners, and wear proper attire. perfect a step at a time. We can be one hundred perMotivate and challenge quorum members—plan cent in paying tithing and fast offerings; we can keep the Word of Wisdom and other laws of health; we can

interesting activities.

become more perfect in keeping the Sabbath day holy,

Speak clearly and distinctly. in attending Sacrament meeting, and in acquiring the

Use language the quorum can understand. many Christlike virtues, until little by little we become

Bear testimony frequently. perfect in all things.

Study and practise good teaching techniques—talk As we strive to obtain spirituality, our ability to do

directly to the individuals—summarize important right will increase and strengthen, and we will feel

points. "the consciousness of victory over self, and of comBe a good example. munion with the Infinite."

OCTOBER 1962 759 TODAY'S FAMILY, FLORENCE B.

OCTOB

The month of October involves all the senses, particularly the sense of taste.

October tastes good.

The harvest pours its abundance onto our dinner tables.

This does not happen with just a trickle.

Anything little or tiny has no place in October.

Its thirtyone days an filled with bigness and goodness and richness.

October holds an avalanche of gold, golden fields of harvest, golden apples, pears, and melons, vegetables full of golden goodness.

Taste buds are stimulated with this cascade of abundance.

Summer's jaded appetites are a thing of the past.

Hale and hearty October has arrived.

October tastes good.

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PINNOCK, EDITOR

ER TASTES GOOD

A little child once asked, "Do mashed potatoes Crisp Garden Relish taste the same to everyone?"Do they? Individual Vz cup finely diced cucumber

tastes vary in so many different ways. The aromic 1 cup finely chopped cabbage

zesty flavor of pickles is a wonderful satisfying taste 1 tomato diced to one and a medicinal taste to another. We all have 1 cup cauliflower, thinly sliced

our likes and dislikes. This world is a much more across flower % cup chopped green pepper

satisfying place to live in if we acquire the taste of % cup diced celery all foods. This schooling of taste buds must start Vz cup finely diced onion

long before kindergarten days. Little by little a tiny 1 tablespoon salad oil

baby can acquire a liking for different foods. Each 2 tablespoons vinegar

flavor is a new adventure. It's well for mothers to Vz3 teaspoontablespoonscelerybrownseedsugar

lead their young children carefully through the difxk teaspoon salt ferent experiences of taste. A boy going into the xh teaspoon tabasco

army, a girl living in a college dormitory, both will make the adjustment quicker and better if they like Combine the vegetables and chill remaining thoroughly. the Combine

all foods. Missionaries, in a strange country, are vegetables pour over ingredients and

happier if they can sit at any table and truthfully say, just before serving. Good served

"This food is delicious."We make friends by liking with hot pot roast of beef.

the same foods. One day a little boy came visiting

and stayed to lunch but brashly and definitely pushed Zesty Rarebit away all food offered him. At last in exasperation Spread slices of toast with finely

the mother asked, "What do you like, Jimmy?"and chopped onion mixed with prepared

he answered "Tuna fish sandwiches."If you are just mustard and softened butter and

a "one dish person"you are not likely to be invited serve a tasty rarebit over it. Makes

a delicious Sunday night supper.

to sit down at different tables very often. Cultivate

the tastes of others. Fall Salad

October does taste good. Gone are the mild summer Peel some small tomatoes and slice

dishes. Blandness has no place in flamboyant autumn. them but not quite through to the

Cook the vitaminfilled bounties of the harvest. Eat stem end. Slice very thin a cucumfresh vegetables and fruits while they are so plentiber (do not peel). In each slit in

ful. Discover new twists to everyday foods. Make the tomato put a slice of cucumber

it seasour with dress cream dinner for the family a Broadway production rather and basil, of a dash with soned powdered than a hot dog at a hamburger stand. You help make salt, and white pepper.

October taste good. Get out and use all those special

seasonings. Herbs are to be used to enhance flavor. Hearty Siviss Steak (serves 6)

Food should not just be nourishing, it should be 2 pounds beef round steak cut 1 nourishing and exciting: exciting to the eye, to the inch thick

smell, and to the taste. It doesn't cost any more to 2 tablespoons flour

prepare a wellbalanced, wellseasoned, and flavored IV2 teaspoons salt dinner than it does to toss your family mild, tasteless, V41 cupteaspoonthinlypeppersliced onions bland dishes. One big "difference between a gourmet 2 tablespoons fat

chef and a fry cook is his degree of understanding % cup chopped sweet pickle relish the subtle use of seasonings and the numerous ways 1 cup finely diced celery to combine congenial foods. 1 chopped pimiento

Now let us talk about a few fall foods that make 3/43 tablespoonscup water minced parsley

October taste so good. 1 bouillon cube

OCTOBER 1962 761 RAISE FUNDS Coming Next Month Quickly... Easily! Combine flour, salt, and pepper.

Pound seasoned flour into steak.

Every Latterday Saint Brown in the fat. Pour off excess fat THE LIFE AND MISSION

onions, with the and cover the meathome is a prospect...

pickles, celery, pimiento. the OF Add

for manyA bouillon cube. Cover and

find a wateryears favorite—

tightly slowly or JESUS CHRIST IV2 hours and cook for marketyou'llready

Messenger's Latter - day until meat is tender. Ten minutes In Word and Picture

Saints Art Calendar. before the meat is taken from the

an aphasEach month parsley. a little add the Add in stovepropriate reproduction Another great special cooking. if needed, while more water,full brief color, with a

description every day—NOVEMBER interestingfeatures an

historical event. Front...*>—liiiu,,,,,...SainC Fragrant Pot Roast

cover has an inspiring fullcolor painting entitled, "This Is the Place, 3 pound pot roast

Drive On."An impressive full color production 1 tablespoon fat

on back supplement, "Grace Before Meals"—P/2 teaspoons salt Complete with 16 magnificent

familyhelps observe mealtime devotion. SuitDash of cayenne FullColor pictures of Carl Bloch'sable for framing.

WARDS AND STAKES CAN MAKE Dash of pepper world famous paintings.

UP TO 100% PROFIT 3 medium onions chopped

A proved and tested fundraising program for V2 green pepper chopped fine quorums and organizations. Mail coupon to- 1 finely chopped clove of garlic A "MUST"for

for full of details sales plan.day 4 tomatoes cut up Priesthood Members SinglePRICES: 45c; 3 copies 12 copy $1.25; stalks celery, 3 finely diced Priesthood copies $4.50; Teachers 25 copies $7.75;

turnips, 2 finely diced white copies 50 $15.00. USE HANDY Auxiliary Teachers for prices special Write on larger carrots, 2 finely diced COUPON

quantities sales the proved plan. & TODAY! Students MAIL

P & H Distributing Co. Heat the fat in a Dutch oven or Every Family

1051 E. 21st South, Salt Lake City 6, Utah heavy pan with a tight fitting lid.

Please Marvelous send once as a gift me at extra cost Messenger no with—all sides the on and meat Brown Latterday Saint Art Calendars for 1963. I a subscription. for single copies. 50c salt, sprinkle the pepper, with I and is Enclosed remittance of $

Please free send information on Ward | cayenne. Add vegetables to the meat

sales and Stake plan.

Name i and cook over low heat tightly covAddress I ered for about 2V2 hours or until is tender. When serving pour City State meat Become Acquainted with over beef. any juices

Dressy Franks

1 pound of frankfurters % cup cracker crumbs DIRECT SHOPPER 1-12 ounce can whole kernel corn, A mail order section especially drained designed to bring together in one 3 tablespoons pickle relish 3 tablespoons finely chopped onion place, information about quality

FOLDING 1 can condensed tomato soup items of unusual interest or usage.

2 tablespoons water All products advertised carry a PEDESTAL TABLES

Direct from factory savDash of oregano guarantee to satisfy or money

I ing to Churches, Schools, 1 tablespoon minced parsley will be refunded when merchanClubs, Lodges and all organidise is returned in an unused zations. 1963 MONROE

Folding Tables Banquet are Cut frankfurters in half lengthcondition. Improvement Era adfor quality, careful unmatched wise, being not to duracut comvertising is carefully screened and

bility, convenience handand cut through. them Arrange some appearance. upon. sizes for pletely 94 models and may be relied We respectin dish. a baking Combine use. every for side up prices, Write catalog. fully try the ordering suggest you

relish, corn, onion. crumbs, and FREE -BIG 1963 CATALOG of interest products find from you pictures. line Full Color tables, chairs, MONROE over evenly corn Place mixture

table chair trucks, and platformrisers, portthe franks. water, soup, and Combine partitions. able Write today!

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa oregano. Spoon over frankfurters. DIRECT SHOPPER, Bake in a 400 degree oven for about

20 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley Page 767

and serve.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Aids in treatment of Canker, simple After the Football Game—Soup FUND RAISING CHAIRMEN

throatsore Organizations Club and School and other minor mouth to send o FREE you Churches,am perfectly irritations.and throat of DoubleEdge Add 4- 1/z ounce cans deviled ham sampleI my willingcomplimentary

to 2 cans tomato soup and heat and Razorraising)Bladesso you(ingeniouslycan evaluatepackagedthis offer.forPleasefund

request sample on Organization's stationery. HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah 3 HooverSAMUELSt. EPPY - FUNDInwood,RAISINGL. I., N. Y.

s-o-wmnumm-i)-*

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

VICTOR

RIESEL stir until mixture is smooth. Add nMi

cup butter, pinch of soda, and 3 cups of milk, stirring constantly until butter is melted. Season with onion

salt and a dash of hot sauce. Simmer finestfor about 10 minutes. Accompany

this soup with large chunky slices of toasted buttered french bread.

Crown Cauliflower ROSCOE Cook separated flowerets of cauliDRUMMONDnews flower just until crisp tender. Saute

3 tablespoons minced onion in 3 tablespoons butter until golden brown. Add 1 teaspoon dill seed, 1tablespoon flour, and 1 cup sour analysts

cream. Heat, stir until smooth. Do

not boil. Season with salt and

pepper and pour over cauliflower. Making national

Sprinkle with a tiny bit of sweet pickle juice. Serve hot. and international SYDNEY

Cheese Boats HARRIS events meaningful

Choose small zucchini squash and wash and cut in half lengthwise.

Everyone will want a whole zucchini.

Parboil the squash in a covered pan in boiling salted water until crisply tender. Drain and scoop out the

shells Fill in withseeds. grated THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S'S 6746- N E W S P A P ER until the cheese Broilsharp cheese.

melts. Serve immediately.

Cranberry Preserved Apples

1 cup sugar Announces 1 cranberry juice cocktail Sinq&i- cup 4 to 6 baking apples xk cup light brown sugar the opening of their new shop 3A teaspoon ground cinnamon in the

Vi teaspoon ground cloves Cottonwood Mall 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind 4913 Highland Drive

Stir sugar into cranberry juice in Salt Lake City, Utah gently boil together andsaucepan ) You will find a Complete ( 5 minutes slightlyuntil thickenedPeel, core, and slice apples and arFabric Department—Milrange in an 8 by 8 square baking linery—Hand Bags—Fashdish. Pour syrup over the apples. ion Jewelry—Fashion Belts—Gloves

Bake at 350 degrees F. for 45 min-—and many more accessories toutes. Baste occasionally. Mix brown

complete your wardrobe.sugar, cinnamon, cloves, and lemon

rind. Remove apples from oven. An expanded Notion's Department

mixsugarSprinkle with the brown Simplicity and Vogue Patterns.

broiler for ature. few with McCall—Place under

minutes until brown sugar starts to Custom Made Belts—Buckles—Covered Buttons and Buttonholes

caramelize. Cool and serve as a

relish or as a dessert with a scoop Special Discounts to Schools, Churches, of vanilla ice cream on top of each Hospitals, and Government Agencies The world famous Singer Products serving. are featured.

Have you tried marinating raw carrot sticks in the juice drained Sewing Machines from $49.50.

from a jar of dill pickles? Let them For Free Information Write Vacuum Cleaners from $49.50.

stand in the refrigerator overnight Singer Sewing Machine Co.

and serve in a salad or as an 4913 Highland Drive Rug Cleaning Floor Polisher appetizer. Salt Lake City, Utah from $29.50

Singer Typewriters from $49.50

OCTOBER 1962 763 IT'S THE MAKE FRIENDS WITH an argument or a heated expression

ner. is everpopular The person BALANCE YOURBY WALTERTONGUEKING ofthenconflictingmust be views,graciousnessyour keyof wordmanalways ready to give the other perTHAT COUNTS son a little bit of scope. Instead of

screaming, "Oh, that's all nonsense.

You can talk your way right in and You don't know a thing you are out of popularity. It all hinges on talking about,"try to retain your

how much scope you give that friend's goodwill by saying pleasantOnly Clabber Girl provides the tongue of yours. ly, "Yes, I see your point. But don't

balanced double action that Let's suppose you are interested you think that...?"guarantees uniform rising action in the mixing bowl plus in being popular and in making and Remember, too, the simple lanthat final uniform rise to light retaining a large circle of wellguage of basic English is the best

in and even texture wishers. vehicle conversation. for everyday

... Balanced double thekoven Affectations Every expressions and slang new person you meet action means ZTshould are out. better be eagerly accepted baking. posas a /*m3k>&

m**/ selfsibleto topnotchrememberfriend.names byTrainbecomingyourmentYoubycanthejudgeway aheperson'stalks. tempera-A selfish

interested in people. Avoid having person will cut in and interrupt the

to start a conversation with the emspeech of his friends. When you

barrassing remark, "I remember talk, let others know you are civil your face all right, but I seem to and wellbred.

forgotten Inject have a dignity note of poise and your name."CLABBER GIRL conversations. gosthe conversation your gets going, into Never When

EXCLUSIVELY known as the let your ears help your tongue win sip about any of your acquaintances;

Baking Powder with the new friendships. Listen. Listen for it only raises doubt about the

all you are worth to what the other genuine worth of your friendship.

BALANCED fellow has to say. Never let your And never be caught boasting

double action tongue monopolize all the time. about yourself. Nothing will cool

Ninety percent of the world likes to off your friends like bragging over talk, and this ninety percent just your own accomplishments. It

loves the ten percent that will seems as if you are trying to set condescend to listen. yourself up as a superior being. TROPHIES Be especially careful to use your Try this simple experiment: Think

"Largest Selection in the Intermountain Area"

Because we assemble our own trophies, cut head, too, whenever your mouth of three of your most popular our own expert engraving engraving—stockWE andCAN doSAVEour YOUown gets under way. Inject a little cold friends. Consider their manner of

MONEY! reason into your conversation. Don't talking. Aren't they using their

to churches, discount generously We schools, make foolish statements. Don't tongues wisely? Well, there is the

clubs groups and organized or leagues.

exaggerate. answer! Your tongue, too, can be

Specializing in mail orders we ship and pay postage. If the conversation develops into your best friendgetter.

DESERET DIAMOND & TROPHY CO.

1st East 285 North—Provo, Utah

FR 4-1006 Phone

Write today for free catalog and additional information. PORTRAIT

BY MARIE DAERR

JwipIsL VnoJt&L Her fingers aren't at home on ivory keys.

We are closest to the Los Angeles They cannot make sonatas sing or play

Temple. Owned and operated A melody for love or marching. These

by L.D.S. people who especially Are fingers unacquainted with the way

cater to Church membership. A needle's pushed through damask or with lace.

Squaretipped and browned by sun, they are not

Same side of street as Temple. meant

10675 Santa Monica Blvd.—Hiway 66 For pouring from a silver pot, to place

Los Angeles 25, California A rose in crystal vase. Incompetent

Phone: Granite 9-9455 At duties such as these, they nonetheless

Are wise in other ways. I watch them knead

The pillows in a pan of dough or press

ATTENTION CONFERENCE VISITORS! A cloth to satin smoothness, plant spring seed

sometimes, touch and cool a child's flushed For of Discourses, Sale: Journals and Or, Times

.. Elders Journal, Seasons, Evening face. and Morning Star, Messenger and Advocate, The And think, how infinite their strength and grace! Seer.

Contact or Write N. B. Lundwall

474 2nd Ave. EM 3-7765

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Looking Toivard the Temple The FINISH for Fine Furniture

(Continued from page 710) is best for

and power for his work. all interior wood

The laws of the temple and the covenants of the endowment are The Deft exclusive formulation has an beautiful, helpful, simple, and easily affinity to wood, becomes a part of the understood. To observe them is surface it beautifies and protects.

equally simple. It is marvelous, That's why Deft is different. That's why

however, that the Prophet Joseph Deft brings out the deep rich beauty of

Smith, untaught in the ways of the all natural wood, imparting a "decorator world, could so place them in proper look"to paneling, cabinets and furnisequence in laying the foundation ture. And Deft does it all so simply, so

for human spiritual progress. This quickly and so surely that anyone can

alone justifies our faith that Joseph cleftfinish with beautiful results. //; wood

Smith was guided by powers beyond finishing there is no substitute for Deft, those of mortal men. none whatsoever.

For those who enter into the temBrush it, roll it, spray it. Use Deft, alone,

ple service in faith, in full surrender from raw wood to final coat. Good to

to the will of the Lord, the day will the last brush full, no waste.

be a glorious experience. Light and Ask for Deft wherever paints are sold or

power will come to them to assist in write for free 6-step finish chart folder.

all that the future years may require. 3*i &t Torrance,Deft, Dept.Calif.E P. O. Box 2216,

Wherever one turns in the revealed gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, and particularly in the temple, the contheviction grows that work of God for his specific purSmart Travelers Stay Atis reestablished poses in the latter days. Temple

in us to help aidservice is to and SE HOTEL RANCHO MOTOR ". this for work: mightyqualifying are in Salt Lake City... they they can be.. when because at the Se Rancho

to bring to pass the immortality and certain of comfortable, clean rooms, each with a room phone and message eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) andservicetelevisionand 24withhourpowerswitchboardantenna. service,Take yourrecordedchoice HiFiof single,musicdoubleand newor familyradio

suites. Especially nice at conference time. Se Rancho is just 4% blocks from

Temple Square. Se Rancho features offstreet parking, hot water heating for

safety and is just across the street from convenient and luxurious Rancho "42"

DIMENSIONS OF THE TEMPLE 3 doLanes... StayRecreationat beautifulCenter.SeNextRanchotimeMotoryou'reHotel.in Salt Lake, do as smart travelers

RESTAURANTS BY MIRANDA SNOW WALTON

The Tourist asks:

How high is the temple, how wide 42 LANE are its walls?

How large are its rooms, how broad BOWLING are its halls? AND

How many entrances? How many RECREATION

people CENTER Will it encompass from basement to steeple?

The poet answers:

The temple is as vast and high as

God, IT'S A As wide as universal truth is wide;

Its rooms and corridors so large, so WESTERN broad That every soul of man can be inside. TRADITION!

But fust one door, of righteousness!

Its key Will open portals to eternity. AMERICA'SWLFINEST JEANS

SINCE 1850

OCTOBER 1962 765 DESERET your Melchizedek Priesthood Page RESEARCHERS, (Continued from page 756) INC. IM into enthusiasm, which in its turn Deseret Researchers, Inc. is a

Saints of active Latterday group of fervent testimony. the fire E becomes—competent and qualified and visits for sociability and However,

Researchers are confused not assignment to be in Specializing visit. confidential annual with the health are vitally and Time im- H Church and Genealogical buildwith in and Working members Yes, with your life. portant

the LEE HOUSEHOLD AUTOMATing friendships can go on endlessly Research

IC ELECTRIC FLOUR MILL, you (and sometimes aimlessly) if their Visual Aids insuring "upto-theminute"are is only purpose warmth. in baking. freshness your You EA In the Compiling and Printing of

will family be happy and your president of each minds quorum of Church recipients and Genealogicounselors his be the hope must L and healthful truly Items, cal Materials, * will that soul of each in the member living.

INVEST IN A LEE burn the fire of fervent testimony Ward and Stake PubliFLOUR HOUSEHOLD into to active the energy pour and cations, Missionary ProMILL desire the newly awakened TH work Grinding Stone etc. Letterheads, to grams,

it is equally Too, serve the Lord. Automatic

Portable desirous that the loyal efforts of WE LAMINATE

Electric active members be kept alive. Preserve your valuable and

of Choice 4 mills. Write for important papers, materials,

prices! Siive on introductory

offer. with Send coupon 5- etc. by lamination. for (lourcheck order or money

II). pliK'., stone ground day

shipped.

LEE ENGINEERING CO., Dept. IE 1062 LOTS O'PEOPLE'S KNEES

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis.

... Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Smith Deaf Only SI. 50 BY JAMES H. KONKLE Write

... Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Minn. Wis. Only $1.00

Inc. DESERET RESEARCHERS,

Name

Street I have a lot o'troubles that SaltP.LakeO. BoxCity 1555115, Utah

I'd like to dad. tell my

I City State. It's problem such an when Tel. Nos. 4861086 or IN 6-3681 awful

I'm just a little tad.

I hope that I can growup soon. FAMOUS NAME YOUR I'd then be tall and stronger. On walks with Dad, I have to run, TYPEWRITERS

SALT LAKE until my legs get longer. ADDING MACHINES

kid in a crowd, when OPTICAL A my size, CALCULATORS squeeze. has such an awful HEADQUARTERS I look around and all I see is lots o'people's knees. DUPLICATORS

EYEGLASSES DICTAPHONES CONTACT LENSES

to Further, needs every be SCHREYEKS man EYES ARTIFICIAL TYPE RIGHTS if is to he checked make up **?$]STORE Oeumpia YOUR DEALER accountprogress. be should He HEARING AIDS 28 8-9726 WEST FIRST SOUTH DA to meas-. appointed able to someone

Recently Revised and LI [>dated ANNOUNCING 4 LOCATIONS ureThis andassignmentkeep a recordhas beenof hisdelegatedeffort.

AT LOOK "A M0RM0NISM"of to the the in Murray presidency quorum. Now

in Pictures) (Mormonism is Its State to responsibility and South 4792 warm photographs 360 MODERN world. the throughout and its people

in attractive represented encourage—and to measure. The ChurchEvery department highlighting the

annual confidential visit is to further pictures.

the function of work with memALSO3rd Edit.COMPILER7V2"xlOV2"OF: KNOW185 THEPgs. BIBLECloth SI.$3.5095;

SCRIPTURE $1-75; it GUIDE and In the actually HANDY KNOW member

Postpaid. SCRIPTURES THE LATTERDAY S2.95.

himself. president The OPTICAL SHOP bers.measures BENJAMIN ALWARD

his calls to attention the measuring Salt Ave. City 211 Seventh 3, Lake Utah 420 Boston Bldg.

it for rod, the marks with upon 368 East First South actions which are easily measured.

1062 East 2100 South The gauge of public service is here. The most economical food wrap

EM 3-5262 One cannot be asked about his tithyou can use:

ing, fast offering, attendance at

Salt Lake City, Utah KITCHEn CHfiRm WAXED PAPER

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA priesthood, Sacrament, and auxiliary family prayermeetings, or without DIRECT SHOPPER $P measuring himself. The interview is... the merchandise shown on these

not in any sense accusative, but can be ordered direct from the companiespages rather for information and encourlisted. Enclose check or money order.agement. The good which comes

from it will not appear on the record which is handed to the stake president, but rather will be written on the member's heart.

Says he, "Perhaps I haven't prayed with the family as often as I should,"and, if he is right in attitude, he determines to do better. Without the

visit he probably wouldn't have it at all.thought about any When

Housewives DECORATING. CAKE BIG $$

likelyof us is in a rut, know we don't hour wanted! Endless easy spare time. $5

it, or we'd get out. The rut appears demand for lovely Cake Decorations and Professional for Christmas, birthweddings, Candy dignified, tonormal underus. The Announcements all parties, occasions. days, show you how We of loving inquirystanding a quoMail Order Printed by Custom to into kitchen turn your capital mine. gold No as to president our measurablerum Start required. business your small, own grow only $7.95 100

is foractions us, serves and good big. for Send for $5.95 FREE subscription as 3 month 100 as low Styles as Other

an easy measure of progress. Write for FREE Catalog and samples. "Fun & Profit Hobbies"magazine for Caketo

But no visit inquiry can hope to 1-day service on 50 different designs. Decorators and Candy Makers, and facts on

instruction. complete home CANDY & CAKE,measure a man in his secret heart. REXCRAFTDept. E—Rexburg, Idaho Dept. D-373, Fallbrook, California.

What questions does he ask himself (Catalog sent airmail for 25.)

as his president departs? Does he

feel reproved? The only rebuke

worthy of the gospel is to be "moved"or implemented by the Holy Ghost—

and the only rebuke ever necessary to a righteous man is merely the question.

The president asks, "Do you hold family prayer regularly?"A righteous

man, remiss in this, will not be angry FREE at the question. But his consciousMURM-

ness of not having completely satisCMWgjj

BEGIFTS! his will LDS responsibilityfied STYLED BEAUTIFULLY prick "WE PAINT "paintYOUR MURAL! WALL New, OWN

Faith Articles enof 13 LIEVE BRACELET"will his reply his In nothim. only be artistic talent bynumbers"method! needed. No

discs. (Available plated heavily gold on graved

ft. Paint lovely a 14 5 to directly wide mural fault, his alsorealization of debut

postpaid. ring.) Gift boxed, $1.50, key as wall! on your to Takes Artists only 5 hours. 3 situation.termination the to remedy MOROQUESTION"-"ANGEL LDS-"GOLDEN to charge up scenics cost $350; wallpaper $100

is plated intended. gold Exquisitely molded, was PINS—NI"NoneNo rebuke or more. kits, complete Our $12.95 up! Modern

tie Gift $1.00. pins. lapel, or boxed, sweater, is offensenecessary. given; provincial, oriental, none designs. for No Send FREE

postpaid. Satisfaction Shipped guaranteed. Color Catalog. details to"(end. "How 10cis is taken. friendthe This highest

or send bookstore local at your LDS for post., hdlg.). Dept. ARTS, E125, MURALship of honor can two have Available men Pico Box 757, GREETINGS, order to: GOLDEN E-1062, 1038 Brea, S. La Los Angeles 19, Calif.

in the association of priesthood Rivera, California. Orders shipped postpaid.

relationships.

After such a visit in which a friendship has been further cemented, the member, if truly sincere, will ask himself the questions which no one but himself may propose. The relation of himself to his wife and to

his children cannot be immediately measured. The inner thoughts—what

are his secret occupations of mind?

How may he hone his own spiritual purposes to knifelike keenness? When

finest quality of it DEERSKIN GLOVES to with GENUINE end Put an GAPS. STOP DENNIX startdoes the dross? he to purge

ladies. for taste and both men and unexcelled of to ends attached Easily Stop Gaps. priesthood does he beginHow friends. gift. yourself for and a distinctive they Make pieces, keep books lack side conshelvesDennix which

trol of the inner man? These might neatly in place. Made of hardwood. "UnWarm, soft, and may be washed to retain their

well be his thoughts as he watches finished,"sanded smooth, or prefinished in mellow beauty. To assure proper fit, measure

through the window the retreating Walnut or Blonde. For shelves B/a"to %"distance around center of palm. Colors: natural,

form of his quorum president, fresh thick.in pairs.StopSafetyGaps screwswill notfurnished.mar shelves.UnfinishedPacked saddleMensNo.tan, R604-$4.95-P.chocolate brown,P. andgray.Tax

from the annual interview. $1.70 a pair. Finished $2.20. Add 50 cents LadiesNo. R700-$4.95Prepaid

for packing and postage. JORE & CO., 33/14 DEERSKIN TRADING POST, 1865 So. State St.,

Downing St., Flushing 54, New York. Salt Lake City 15, Utah.

OCTOBER 1962 767 The Last Word

:ti:1. iSl'v*:

A mother was trying to teach the concept of efficiency Only those who have the patience to her small daughter. "Remember, dear, try to use to do simple things perfectly

your head to save your feet.""But what do I do,"will acquire the skill to do diffishe asked, "when it's your head and my feet?"cult things easily.—Johann Schiller

,::..:

Calorie: the greatest aid Cosmetics are a woman's

to counting since the times way of keeping a man from table. - R. H. Grenville reading between the lines.

Strange is our situation here upon earth. Each comes for

a short visit, not knowing why, yet seeming to divine a purpose. There is one thing we do know: Man is here

for the sake of other men—above all, for those upon

whose well being our own happiness depends... and

for the countless unknown souls with whose fate we are connected by a bond of sympathy.—Albert Einstein

:::...;:::::::- i.-if i....:..V.T

If you think driving Some people ask the Lord to You cannot expect to recklessly is funny, direct them, and then they feel God's presence you may die laughing. grab the steering wheel. if you are too busy.

If you want to stay Patience does not mean young, associate with indifference; we may work

young people; if you and trust and wait, but

want to feel your age, we ought not to be idle try to keep up with them. or careless while waiting.

i+i"#*'i:tp-'i

When a woman thinks of outer space it's to reflect on Every noble work is at first all the things she could store in it.—R. H. Grenville impossible.—Thomas Carlyle

HONEY

y FULL OF FRESH COUNTRY

Taste it! The golden healthful honey in Nabisco Sugar

Honey Grahams. The freshfrom-thecomb honey in

every crisp, delicious bite. And here's the rich malty

flavor of real graham flour in all its natural goodness

Taste what makes this graham so great... so satisfying, it's America's favorite betweenmeal cracker.

Try the economical 2-pound package.

NABISCO SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

suited to your present and future needs and inIs your There is a Beneficial Life policy exactly come. Ask your Beneficial Life man for details.

Ask him, too, about life insurance career life insurance opportunities. As a professional Beneficial Life

agent, he can tell you best about this rewarding Beneficial? life's work.

Students need life insurance—even though

some may not realize it. And now, if you are in BENEFICIAL LITEhigh school or college, your present age places

you right at the "bargain counter"in life insurance purchasing. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah