mWh

A

'm l Ci *i n*i

Y4k'

X*

i

r**S U,,**

jtm

..>!

P '"-,\"

APRIL, 1937 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

I NO ONE KNOWS BETTER than the engineers who designed your Plymouth hov/ each part should be lubricated to insure top performance and long life. Shellubrication

follows rigidly the specifications set up and approved by Plymouth engineers.

HYPOID GEARS REQUIRE SPECIAL

LUBRICATION. Shellubrication provides for

the hypoid gears in your Plymouth, and for every other lubrication point, the one correct lubricant specified by the factory to insure adequate protection.

A COMPLETE AND PERMANENT RECORD of the lubrication of your car is kept on file in your neighborhood Shell station. This eliminates guesswork; enables

the Shell man to remind you when any part of your

Plymouth is due for lubrication service.

4 A SIGNED RECEIPT, given to you with each Shellubrication, is your assurance that every point on your car has been lubricated in strict accordance with factory specifications. This receipt also shows the

condition of your battery and tires, and advises you of any special services needed.

FOR EVERY CAR, A SPECIAL PLAN OF "FACTORYENGINEERED"SHELLUBRICATION A FEW OTHER REASONS WHY WOMEN LIKE SHELLUBRICATION SERVICE

We vacuum or brush out upholstery. < Apply rubber dressing to fires and running boards. H/iL-> Wipe body with specially

treated cloth. -L Check lights and clean lenses. Polish windows inside and ouf—and shine all chromium.

Eliminate body squeaks THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937 -tl—|| ||.ii...||.. -—|| )| -II.... nil—i- Hi—i;.-—n—h- M I M lll.l l||—ni

McCUNE SCHOOL OF MUSIC & ART TRACY Y. CANNON, Director

INSTRUCTION IN ALL BRANCHES OF MUSIC, DRAMATIC ART, AND DANCING

PREPARATORY STUDENTS PARTTIME STUDENTS

Students who expect to become Students who are enrolled for undergraduate students. No age parttime study—usually one or

limit is set and no previous traintwo 30minute private lessons a ing is required. week in such subjects as piano,

voice, violin, dramatic art, dancUNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS: ing, etc., without specific referStudents who are working for a ence to graduation requirements.

Diploma or Degree in any of the EVENING CLASSES several departments in the As an accommodation to stuSchool.

dents whose time is occupied during the day, the McCune GRADUATE STUDENTS studios remain open for private

Students who have received a instruction until 9:00 p. m. Evebaccalaureate degree and are ning classes in theory of music

working toward a Master's Desubjects, dramatic art, and dancgree. ing are organized as required.

STUDY THEORY OF MUSIC SUBJECTS, THE FUNDAMENTAL REQUIREMENT FOR MUSICAL UNDERSTANDING

SUMMER 14 to JULY 24 SESSION—JUNE

SPECIAL SUMMER CLASSES ARE DESIGNED TO MEET THE NEEDS OF CHOIR

DIRECTORS, ORGANISTS, PUBLIC SCHOOL MUSIC TEACHERS, AND ALL

STUDENTS OF MUSIC WHO DESIRE TO MAKE OUTSTANDING PROGRESS.

200 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

wi.lim n n ii.ll ll ))v H Ml M—H—H—M—II -t|-

Heber J Grant, John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Improvement Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor

Editor Associate

General Mgr.APRIL, 1937 MarbaGeorge Q.C Morris,Josephson,

Beesley, Associate Mgr. Clarissa A.VOLUME 40 NUMBER 4

, Business Mgr. K. Orton J.

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTDO YOU KNOWCOMMITTEE, WARD MUSIC OF EDUCATION,MENT wealthiest Churchthe are Who OF THE CHURCH AGENCIESTEACHERS, OTHER AND Page 214 world? in the SAINTS. The Glory of God is Intelligence'goers LATTERDAY OF CHRISTOF JESUS

To what major activities the time of the President of the Church has been devoted during the past TABLE OF CONTENTS year? Page 198

What accusations have the liberals past brought radicals of times

Court? the SupremeChurch features andagainst

The President Has An Eventful Year...Richard L, Evans 198 Page 202

"unit means to declare a law What and Prospect Church Security—Retrospect, Introspect, 201 Page constitutional"? B* Lee 204 Harold

The Church in the News R. L. E, 212 Whathas twentyeightthe ChurchtypesSecurityof projectspro-

"Time Marches On"with the Church Security Plan gram conducted during the past

R, L. E. 214 year? Page 207

Progress in the Missions Marba C. Josephson 218 What are the five next steps toward

The Tabernacle Choir in Prospect and Review..M, C. J. 223 Church Security? Pages 208210

Monuments, Sites, and Markers—R* L* E. 224 What the world's leading publicaChurch Acquires Nauvoo Temple Site M* C. J. 226 tions say about the PagesChurch?212, 213

Iowa Honors the Mormon Handcart Pioneers R* L* E* 229 What eight eminent world figures

The Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 240 are active at eighty years and

Salt Lake Temple Interior Views.233, 234, 235, 236, 237, 238 above? Page 217

Pictorial Record, Current Church Building Program, 208, What are the latest "streamlined 209, 210; Churchwide Progress in the Missions, 221; Church missionary methods"? Pages 218222

242; Melchizedek, 230; Priesthood: On, Moves done missionary tracting is Aaronic, Where

Executives, Messages: 245; Mutual Teaching, 243; Ward 220 Page on horseback?

Gleaners, 249; 249; 248; Seniors, 247; Men, M Men- M in missions many 251; How Scouts, 250; Juniors, Explorers, 250; 249; Gleaners, their today? Church the areWhoactive 253. Walters, of Girls, Archer Journal 251; BeeHive 221 presidents are? Page

How long the Tabernacle Choir has networks nationwide history figures in theSpecial CJeatures beenand howon it

Is The Supreme Court Usurping Power?.Albert E. Bowen 200 of American radio? Page 223

Life Begins at Eighty, Why Retire at Seventy 217 What major monuments and sites

Looking Toward ChurchWide Beautificationthe Church has acquired during

Irvin T. Nelson 222 the past year? Pages 224225

site was the Temple Nauvoo How Chief Mormon Scouts "Carol"Nation's Scout the acquired for #900.00 when C. Erwin Nelson 239 to of had refused Bank Nauvoo

World's Largest Basketball League Completes M, L A* sell it for this figure? Pages 226227

"Hoop"Season Les Goates 246 What middlewestern state governor

Homing: Let's Ride a Hobby, Emma R. Smith, 256; Index has honored the Mormon Handto Advertisers, 259; On the Book Rack, 262; Exploring the cart Pioneers? Page 229

Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 266; Your Page and When the latest interior views of

Ours, 272. the Salt Lake Temple were taken

and where they are published?

233238 Pages ibattorials First wrote "Joseph Smith's Who Progress.. John A. Widtsoe 232. 240241 Prayer"? Pages

Youth and Age..Richard L, Evans 233

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Street, Salt Lake 50 North Main

City, Utah Olictiori and Lroetry

Johnny Stevens'Sermon, A True Story J. M. Jensen 211 CopyrightImprovement1937.Associationby the YoungCorporationMen's Mutualof the

Saints, of Jesus Christ of Latterday price, Subscription reserved. The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R, Lyman 216 AllChurchrights

in year, - Upton 228 a Single advance; Copy. 20c - L April $2.00 Fool M

Office, City, at Salt the Post Entered Lake 197; Crawford, Vesta P. a Temple, Building Frontispiece: matter. secondclass for as Acceptance Utah,

Puzzle, 264. Scriptural Crossword Page, 231; Poetry at special rate mailing of postage provided

for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917,

not responsible Improvement Era is The but manuscripts, conunsolicited welcomes o)he Ciover authorizedfor July 2, 1918.

the tributions. shows H. Ochse Walter Salt Lake Temple by of the night photograph This

rain spring and autumn during it often appears as Gothic structure imposing 1853, April 6, Conference. Begun General at times of so often that come storms and A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY vision and the fortitude inspiring it monument to remains an 6, 1893, April dedicated

of the early Saints whose first purpose in living was to worship God. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

194.....,.-,,.-..,..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

CRUISE INTO SPRING WITH PANAMAMAMA PACIFIC! Ijf QfouA Jhjodninq

and

The largest ships coastto-coast... S. S.Virginia, California, Pennsylvania... sailing every second weekend

Play, rest and dream aboard a giant "Big 3"liner! Every feature

is planned for your comfort. Enjoy exciting visits ashore at

quaint Acapulco, Mexico—at

Panama (both Balboa and CrisYour future success detobal) and at gay Havana. pends chiefly upon what

Unexcelled cuisine. Dining you know and what you

Two outdoor swim pools on each liner salons airconditioned. All statecan do.

rooms outside. Real beds. Broad

decks, luxurious public Therefore an early investin training the right ment children's rooms. Gym,

will all dividends your pay libraries, nurse, with room SIGHTSEEING IN MEXICO! life.

7 -piece professional bars, a Pacific offers a marvelous Panama orchestra, featured dance will The coupon below trip Incluround weeks. by sea. Three talkies. information bring the about sive costs or itinerary. low your own

historic of the port Acapulco From FROM $125 itiesexceptionalthat awaittrainingyou here.facilinland are taken back) you (and by private motor car for a complete tour TOURIST CABIN TO

of Mexico City and environs. You see NEW YORK!

Mexico's wondrous pyramids, volcaFirst class from $190 ($225 noes, ancient palaces... get a "closeat certain seasons). Reducup"of native life and Mexico's gortion on round trip by

alternative scenery. geous two An! L. D. S. Business is three tour to go one week way or—steamer:10% in25%season."off"season Pacific, one by rail. Panama way

"Circle Tours"or water by rail starting your from home j College own town; go either way by steamer. 70 North Main Street

Also steamerplane tours.

Salt Lake City, Utah Write, ask your Travel Agent, or callPlease send me the booklet, = i "Planning Your Future."

! Name...:........;...::: l..:.1...1... IS Panama'Pacificline

I Address DOuglas 86S0 - 665 Market St., San Francisco.n—-ii h—ii n n

American Express Company, 26 W. Second South Street, Salt Lake or any Railroad Agent

All the way

On happy weekend trip.. or glorious vacation tour.. Pep 88

and Vico are ready to serve you all the way! Ready at the start

.. with a thoroughgoing checkup and Specialized Lubrication

job that makes your car safe, sweetrunning and silent for a thousand carefree milesl Ready for you on every intermountain highway.. with a network of hundreds of stations and dealers

.. eagerly ready to help you enjoy the finest trip of the year.

Stop For Service and Supplies Where You See The Pep 88 and Vico Sign uudifig a cJernouerap e

[By vesta IP. Lsfawford

Sf.orty years it took to build

This temple lifted high;

Forty years it took to rear

These towers to the sky I

Think of endless labor Needed for each stone, Think of the -mighty task Men could not do alone;

Few tools the workers had, Frthen the land was new—

Oh, this was magnitude And sacrifice to do.

Yet here the temple stands, A splendor in the sun, Each topmost tower testifies How well the work was done.

Yet is there work to do, And still the builder's needOh, let it not be said

We are but idle seed!

Photograph by D. F. Davis.

ABOVE IS SHOWN A SMALL SECTION OF THE

HOTEL STATLER BANQUET HALL IN DETROIT,

TAKEN ON THE EVENING WHEN THE DELEGATES TO THE DEARBORN CHEMURGIC CONFERENCE ROSE TO THEIR FEET FOR THE SECOND TIME IN TWO DAYS TO APPLAUD AND

CHEER PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT. (MAY

12 TO 14, 1936). The president

more than half a century HAS ANForHeber J. Grant has been crossing

and recrossing the lands and the waters on his life's mission of making friends for the Church andbuilding faith within the Church. But EVENTFUL YEAR

HIM, AND THROUGH HIM TO THE CHURCH, HAVE COME HONORS, OVATIONS,during the last year—his eightieth HTOyear—his unparalleled activity seems ACHIEVEMENTS, AND PROGRESS SUCH AS THE RECORD OF ONE YEAR SEEMS

to have been intensified rather than SCARCELY LARGE ENOUGH TO HOLD.

slackened.

Nearly a score of major trips east, west, north, and south, in addition to many short trips to nearby wards and stakes, have brought the President honors and ovations, and have brought the Church friends, recognition, respect, and encouragement.

At Dearborn and Detroit in May, at the Farm Chemurgic Conference, the nation's leaders in science and industry twice in two days singled him

PRESIDENT GRANT PHOTOGRAPHED IN THE

CHICAGO SOUTH SIDE (UNIVERSITY) CHAPEL

ON THE OCCASION OF THE ORGANIZATION OF

CHICAGO STAKE, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1936.

:i>>'

RECENT A OF TIME""MARCH rising ovation. out for a (The ImSCREENFROM PRODUCTION SHOWING PRESIDENT Era, provement 1936.) July, HEBER J. AGAINST GRANT A BACKGROUND

At French Lick, Indiana, by special OF THE SALT LAKE TEMPLE.

invitation the President attended and addressed the Sixth National Traineulogy for its present progress and ing Conference of Scout Executives, achievements. ( The Improvement Era,

on which occasion he was warmly reOctober, 1936.)

ceived and generously introduced by In late September from the Winter

Dr. James E. West. (The ImproveQuarters Cemetery in Florence, Nement Era, August, 1936.) braska, the President dedicated the

Late July found the President in Winter Quarters monument, and adAlaska with seven of his ten daughdressed a nationwide NBC radio auters. (The Improvement Era, Septemdience, and later the same day spoke

ber, 1 936. ) On another trip, after this before a distinguished gathering of

sea voyage, Church business in Canfriends and members in the Joslyn ada took the President through GlaMemorial, Omaha, before departing cier National Park, the Waterton for New York. (The Improvement

Lakes, Lake Louise and Banff. Era, October and December, 1936.)

Early August found the President November 21, found this young ocat the Institute of Human Relations, togenarian quietly observing his eightEstes Park, Colorado (August 7 to ieth birthday with hosts of friends and 12), as an invited guest and speaker. with his large and devoted family.

Here the introduction by Dr. Frank ( The Improvement Era, November,

Kingdon was in the nature of an apol1936, and January, 1937.)

ogy for past slights to the Church, and In late November he organized a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

LEFT: THE PRESIDENT AT

WINTER QUARTERS, FLORENCE, NEBRASKA, SEPTEMBER 20, 1936.

Addressing more than 2,000 distinguished guests assembled at the cemetery, and a nationwideW audienceW andover theradioNationalstation

Broadcasting Company.

':'::.:.:.-. -::.:.:...,:.

ABOVE: PRESIDENT AND MRS. GRANT

(SEATED) AND THE SEVEN DAUGHTERS

WHO ACCOMPANIED THEM AS THEY SAILED THE SHELTERED SEAS, IN ALASKAN WATERS, ABOARD THE S. S. ALEUTIAN, JULY, 1936.

Standing, left to right: Mrs. George J. Cannon,

Mrs. J. George Midgley, Mrs. Ashby D. Boyle,

Mrs. Wallace F. Bennett, Mrs. Willard R.

Smith, Mrs. John H. Taylor, Mrs. Clifford

E. Young.

stake of the Church in Chicago, accomamount of correspondence, to project panied by his sonin law and daughter, the building and select sites for two

Dr. and Mrs. John H. Taylor, who new temples, and to be human and

formerly directed the affairs of the pleasant and helpful to all of the hosts

Northern States Mission (The Imof men and women who make deprovement Era, January, 1937). From mands upon his time.

there the President's party returned Such, in very brief, has been the by way of Omaha to attend a gatherPresident's eventful year—an asset,

ing of the nation's leading railroad an example, and an inspiration to the executives and financiers, the occasion, Church!—/?. L. E.

the golden wedding anniversary of Mr.

and Mrs. Carl R. Gray.

Early December found the President RIGHT:HENRY PRESIDENTFORD "TALKGRANTIT OVER"AND

CONFERAT CHEMURGIC THE staff of producersworking with a and

ENCE, TO 12 (MAY DEARBORN,photographers the of from March 14, 1936). "MR. AND GRANT

MR. FORD HITTime in the preparation of a news MAYIT OFF25, SPLEN1936. DIDLY"—TIME,reel.

Vigorous appearances at general conferences have also marked his acTERBELOW:GRANTPRESIDENTAT THEIR ANDHOME SISON

tivity; and at the April, 1936, conferTHE PRESIDENTS EIGHTIETH

ence, he, with his counselors, appeared MANYBIRTHDAY.FLORALA TRIBUTESFEW OF SENTTHE

on the first AmericanEuropean broadBY FRIENDS ARE ALSO SEEN cast during which, for the first time in its history, and in one of the most

OF BOTTOM: A GROUP THE life,significant in the events its whole

PRESIDENT'S CHILDREN AND as a to the Church world spokeChurch GATHERED GRANDCHILDREN AT in a general conference. (The ImTHESUNDAY,FAMILYNOVEMBERRESIDENCE22ND. ON

provement Era, May, 1936.)

With the aid of his counselors and associates in the presiding councils of the Church, the launching of the

Church Security program is another notable event in the President's eventful year—one which will likely go

down in history as one of the greatest forward moves of the Church—temporally and spiritually. ( The Improvement Era, May, June, November, and

December, 1936; January, February,

and March, 1937.)

Vigorous attention to Church interests, with all of the infinite detail involved, have still left the President time to go frequently to the House of the Lord, to care for his good health, to enjoy his family and friends, to organize new stakes, to dedicate several meetinghouses, to make scores of public appearances, to dispose of a vast is the Supreme Court USURPING POWER?

Elective Despotism is not the GovernmentBy ALBERT E. BOWEN "An Attorney at Law and General We Fought for."—Thomas Jefferson.

Superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association Courts, extends to that case. Now,

iCTion 1 of Article I of the Conthe laws of the United States, as stitution of the United States distinguished from the Constitution, are the Acts of Congress. It wouldS reads: seem irresistibly to follow that the

All legislative Powers herein granted authority of the Courts extends to shall of vested the United in a Congress be shall States consist Senate and an examination of the laws passed which of a a House of Representatives. by Congress whenever a case involving them, or any of them, arises.

in "herein granted"words The It is only laws passed by when ( 3 ) the foregoing "Article"are vastly of,"the are Congress in "pursuance important. They signify at the outthat is, in harmony with the Conset that bounds have been set; that stitution, that they become part of

the Congress may not roam at will the Supreme law of the land. If

all over the possible legislative doCongress in enacting a law exceeds main, enacting whatever laws to it its powers as defined and limited by seem good, but that, on the conthe Constitution, then such law has trary, its legislative powers are limnot been made in "pursuance of,"ited to those "granted"in the Connor in harmony with the Constitustitution. In other Sections of the tion, hence is, of necessity, inferior

same Article are enumerated both to the latter and must yield to it the powers granted to and those whenever the two come into conflict withheld from the Congress. The in a case coming before the Court.

prescriptions of the Constitution, It must not be forgotten, either, therefore, become at once the measthat the jurisdiction of the Courts ure and the limit of the powers vestALBERT E. BOWEN extends only to cases. Before they

ed in the legislative body which it can act in the exercise of any of created. That body has no powers their powers, there must be a case

those except "granted"whatsoever usucase to it either in terms express or by PowerArticleof theIII.UnitedSectionStates,1. shallThebe judicialvested broughtally involvesbeforea controversythem. A between

in implication.necessary in inferior Constione Court, supreme and such The parties or before brought more

the to two Courts as time Congress from maytution delinis the instrument which for determination. the Court The time establish. ordain andeates "grant,"hence the of Acts therefore, act not Court, on does 2. Section judicial shall exPower The to their as be tested mustCongress laws, such, abstract as nor all to in tend arisupon Cases, Equity, and Law

validity by the terms of the granting ing under this Constitution, and the Laws principles or theories. It has no

States, arises, of question theinstrument. Treaties United made, and The jurisdiction so to do. It can act

shall or their which under be made, Autest? the shall applywho only on cases. * * * thority.

idle Obviously a quite it would be specifically limit toceremony it may happen the tion,Articleand VI.the lawsSectionof 2.the ThisUnitedConstituStates et us see how

powers of the Congress and then which shall be made in pursuance thereof; that a law passed by Congress

to leave it the sole judge of the va- * * * shall be the Supreme law of the land. may come into conflict with a prolidity of its own acts. Without vision of the Constitution:

some Constitutional mode of enforcThree things are to be noted from The Constitution provides that ing the restrictions imposed they the foregoing provisions: Congress shall make no law abridgmight as well have been omitted. ( 1 ) All judicial power of the ing the right of the people "to peIt does not comport with reason or United States is vested in the Courts. tition the government for a redress

the teachings of experience to supWhenever therefore, occasion arises of grievances."(Article I of the

pose that prohibitions will be obfor the exercise of that power, it is Amendments ). Now suppose Conserved unless there is lodged somethe Courts that must exercise it. gress should pass a law forbidding

where the power to correct infrac- (2) The judicial power extends to the filing of petitions with it, and tions of them. The members of the all cases arising under the Constituprescribing a fine of $5,000.00 for

Constitutional Convention were tion or the laws of the United States. violation of that law. Then assume

wise enough to know this, and to Whenever a case arises, therefore, that a body of citizens do file such effect the purpose they wrote into involving the Constitution or a law a petition and are by appropriate the Constitution the following proof the United States, the judicial proceedings brought before the visions: power, which is wholly in the Court for punishment. They place

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

in their defense their Constitutional dom or propriety of a legislative to decide rights between litigants.

right to petition. The two contendenactment, so long as it is within To do that it must find and declare

ing parties, the Government on one the scope of legislative authority. It whose cause has the sanction of

side, and the offending citizens on acts, and can act, only when some law, and order its decision accordthe other side, rest their rights on litigant before it can show injury ingly.

conflicting laws, one the Constituto himself resulting from a law tion, the other an Act of Congress. which transcends Constitutional au- '"The Supreme Court is not in a

Now what is the Court to do? thority. Neither has it anything to cooperative business. It is tt'oc

Obviously both alleged rights cando with cooperation or the popular one of a "team."No more unhappy

not be given effect. One litigant, will. It does not have any coopermetaphor could well be used than

the Government, exacts payment of ative function. Its only business is that which likens the three departthe fine of $5,000.00. The other, ments of government to a "three

the citizens, resist because the suhorse team."Nor could there be any

preme law of the land says they more reckless disregard of the funchave done nothing wrong. Since tions of the departments of Governthe law of Congress is not in harment under the Constitution than to

mony with the Constitution, but is use in respect of them such a comexpressly contrary to it, it is inparison. It sounds pleasing to the

ferior to the supreme law and must ear but does not bear the test of yield. It is clearly the duty of the logic or sound reason. Limitation

Court in such case to declare the was put upon the powers of Conlaw in favor of the citizens who have gress to legislate precisely for the exercised their right of petition and purpose of preventing those clothed they must prevail, even though their temporarily with power, and preadversary be the Government itself. sumably representing majorities,

The Court by its ruling, it will from infringing upon the rights of be observed, has really not passed minorities, for the time not in the upon the power of the legislative exercise of power. Courts were crebody to enact the law in question. ated for the express purpose of proIt has merely decided the dispute tecting citizens against infringement

between the two parties. It has of their rights by unauthorized exerdone this by applying the law to cise of power. When the Congress

the dispute. That is all there is to transcends the bounds of its authordeclaring a law unconstitutional. ity it is the duty of the Court not to

The matter is nowhere better stated "team"with it. If it did so it would

than by Mr. Justice Sutherland in be derelict in its duty and unworthy

Adkins vs. Children's Hospital, 261 of its office. In this1 connection Mr.

U. S. 525: Justice Sutherland is quoted again:

The Constitution, by its own terms is There is no other way by which in a the supreme law of the land, emanating democracy the weak can be safeguarded from the people, the repository of ultifrom the occasional injustices of the strong mate sovereignty under our form of govor the few effectually protected against carIf these the of the aggressions many. the statute, congressionalernment. on A

first all fixed of principles not dinal were is of thisother hand, agency the act of an sovereign authority, and, if it conflict with and determined and were not thereafter the Constitution, must fall; for that which faithfully adhered to; if in the last analysis

is not supreme must yield to that which is. the most despised and unpopular individTo hold it invalid (if it be invalid) is a ual might not have his case determined

of the court, judgment the independent by of plain exercise the judicial power—that other consideration uninfluenced by any courts to enable vested inpower them to

administer justice according to law. From than the learning and the conscience of

the authority to ascertain and determine the judge, standing with naked soul bethe law in a given case there necessarily fore God, this government, whatever it results, in the case of conflict, the duty to might be called, would be not an immutdeclare and enforce the rule of the suable government of law, but a fickle and preme law and reject that of an inferior inconsistent government of man.

act of legislation which, transcending the

Constitution, is of no effect, and binding In like tenor wrote the late Brigon no one. adier General Richard W. Young:*

This shows how indefensible the Within the last year or so, we have had complaint is that the Court, in reproposed for the first time the recall of popular decisions by vote—this fusing to unconstitutional enforce proposition infamous judicialrevolutionary—an

is laws, legislative assuming if destroy the powfunc- iswhich, adopted, would tions, or is refusing to cooperate er of the courts to uphold the rights and individual of the and would and is thus thwarting the will of immunities the determination to submit his rights the people. It is not legislating in a partisan and passionate populace actingof

any sense of the word. It has no on the impulse of the moment. A vital

power so to do and has repeatedly

Association, to Bar American lAddress It disclaimed power. has any such

28, 1912. August WASHINGTON, WASHINGTON MONUMENT, that repeatedly held uniformly and of University to Graduates, 2Address NATION'S LINE WITH THE D. C, SEEN IN

it to wisthe with has nothing 1919. Utah, do CAPITOL.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

test of constitutional civil liberty is the ity of the Acts of Congress, or, in ing, and that meaning carried into jujudicialinviolability of decision and it to give Constitution the conferred refuse them other words, when office.dicial tenure of

judicial the Courts. the power upon in conflict effect with the Conwhen "If the auvested with courts are not

thority to declare acts of Congress unconstitution itself. But, neither does the It was clearly so understood by the

stitutional, then there will be no check Constitution enumerate any of the members of the Convention. The

absolutely Constituthe State Courts, before It simply the Courts. of no check on the despotism of powers

the majority."ever assembled, Convention of tional judicial vests in the power them

It would seem that it cannot fairly the United States, hence if the arguhad exercised the power of declarbe open to question that the Courts ment here being considered is to ing laws unconstitutional. There

have that right. And yet our modbe extended to its logical concluwere in the Convention governors

ern critics, impatient of legal resion, it would follow that the Courts of states whose Courts had exerstraint, and hostile to everything could do nothing at all. The Concised that prerogative. There were

that stands in the way of the immestitution does not even say that they also there attorneys and judges who diate realization of their desires, do may enter judgments, or issue subhad taken part in those very state question it. They advance in suppoenas to bring parties before them, cases. They knew that these powport of their position two arguor issue writs for the enforcement ers were exercised by the Courts

ments: ( 1 ) That such power is not or execution of their judgments in virtue of their inherent powers

expressly conferred by the Constipowers which are inherent in the as Courts.

investiture their of in it because Courtstution: sought was That (2) all of the of the debates Tn Conjudicial power. to with Convention Constitutionalthe

it vention the that assumed was that Constitution says the the Court that withlodge power When legislative of the branch government it, judicial of the United the power refused from the Conventionand in inheld the be check would by in is States is that one vested Supreme conclusion drawn thewhich its of terpretation enactments by if it is clearly as impliedit as the Court Courts expressly intended was Courts. the assumption same The it that used, express the were words Neithpower. suchshould have no

in indulged the debates during was states of the Courts secis do tenable. whater contention may The the the State Conventions where acexisting, or false Courts then what rests a of the on twoond ratified. Constitution Patrick was the of to the usages fact. cording common ofassumption

Jefferson, Henry, Thomas James the as having law, recognized Constitution that were It the is true all this judicial declared Madison, "judicial term to do. that say in express power The words notdoes

to safety the provided be power understood valid- a well meanthe power"had pass uponthe Court may against usurpation of undelegated authority by the Congress. The

same is true of the debates in all the early Congresses. Men were

there who had been in the Constitutional Convention and who had been in the ratifying Conventions of the states.

Not only was the right of the Court to exercise this power not questioned, it was specifically affirmed. In fact during approximately the first seventy or seventyfive

years of our history under the Constitution, the complaints made against the Supreme Court were not that it exercised its power of declaring acts of Congress unconstitutional, but that it failed to do so and permitted Congress to enact laws beyond the scope of its powers, when in the exercise of its judicial function the Court should have refused to give such laws effect. This was true with reference

to the Alien and Sedition laws, the laws creating a United States bank, and various other laws. It was the

socalled Liberals and Radicals of that day who were loudest in their demand that the Court, through the exercise of its power, curb the Congress in its alleged practice of transcending the bounds of its Constitutional authority. It was the tyranny of the legislature that the

framers of the Constitution feared, and that same fear actuated the peo202

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

pie who assembled in their State well as of the State ratifying ConConstitution is in fact, and must be regardConventions. The dominant purventions, understood that they had edIt, therefore,by the judges,belongsas toa themfundamentalto ascertainlaw.

pose of all of them was to provide given the Courts authority to pass its meaning, as well as the meaning of a check against the assumption of on the Constitutionality of Acts of any particular act proceeding from the ungranted powers by the legislative Congress. Let me give a specific legislative body. If there should happen

body. instance of that: tothe betwo,an thatirreconcilablewhich has variancethe superiorbetweenobThe reason for that fear is to be When the Constitution was writligation and validity ought, of course, to

sought and found in the history and ten it had to be submitted to State be preferred; or, in other words, the Conexperience of the Colonies, which Conventions for ratification where stitutionute, the oughtintentionto beofpreferredthe peopleto theto statthe

stretched back one hundred eighty it was hotly debated. Every one of intention of their agents.

yearsstitution—afrom thefactframingtoo oftenof theignored.Conitsnuteprovisionsscrutiny andwas analysis.subjectedA toseriesmiIn light of these clear statements

Its significance becomes more apof essays was written by Madison, it is hard to understand how it can parent if we stop to remember that Jay, and Hamilton in exposition of seriously be contended that it was over a quarter of a century more its provisions, which subsequently not the intention of the Conventions time elapsed between the founding were collected and published under to give the Courts the power to reof the Colonies in America and the the title "The Federalist."In numfuse effect to laws which violate the

framing of the Constitution than has ber 78 of these essays is contained provisions of the Constitution. But,

elapsed between that latter event this exposition: it is said, the contention is justified

and the present day. For more than The complete independence of the courts upon the ground that it was proone hundred years the Colonies had of justice is peculiarly essential in a limposed in the Convention expressly

been, at least intermittently, in conited Constitution. By a limited Constituto give the Courts this power and

contains tion I one which understand British Parliament thetroversy with certhe proposal rejected. arguThe legislative specified to the exceptions legislate tain its to authorityrespecting if it * * ment merit would have were authority; this kind * Limitations of

for them. The quarrel culminated can be preserved in practice no other way based on fact. It happens, howin the Revolutionary War. than through the medium of the courts of ever, to be destroyed because based

The memory of that long dispute, justiceall acts whosecontrarydutyto itthemustmanifestbe to tenordeclareof upon a false premise. It was proand of the oppressive acts of Parliathe Constitution void. Without this, all posed in the Constitutional Convenment under which they had suffered the reserves of particular rights or privition to give the judges a joint veto

* * to nothing. would amount the leges fresh smarted, whenand was president with the * power on the acts

position depends which There is no formed thedelegates newly from of Congress. This the Convention that principles every clearer than upon

states met to frame the Constituact of a delegated authority, contrary to refused to do. That is a widely diftion. They were determined that the tenor of the commission under which ferent thing from refusing to give

no legislative body of their creating it is exercised is void. No legislative act, the power judicially to construe acts

should be given such unlimited powbetherefore,valid. contraryTo denyto thisthe wouldConstitutionbe to canafof Congress according to constituers as might bring again upon them firm that the deputy is greater than his tional provisions. To have given

the ills which they had fought a war principals; that the servant is above his them the veto power would have

that of the representatives master; the peolimitations escape.to The careful to give been legislative power, them

to the ple are themselves; superior people emof Congress the powersupon of the strongest and one arguments virtue that acting of powers by men may

bodied in the Constitution can be do not only what their powers do not auurged against giving the judges this understood, and those limitations thorize, but what they forbid. * * * The power was that it would be inconinterpretation is the of the laws knowlainterpreted, only through

courts. of the and peculiar province histhe ofedge and understanding properA sistentin the enactmentto have themof legislationthus takewhichpart

tory out of which they grew. later, as judges, they would be called

With respect to what amounts upon to interpret, showing clearly to a contention that an express statethat it was understood that the ment of the power is necessary to judges would interpret the acts of its existence it is interesting to note Congress when involved in cases that while its critics urge that the coming before them. The veto

Court has not the power in quespower is the power to prevent a bill tion, because not expressly conferbefore the Congress from ever bered, they at the same "time demand ing enacted or becoming law. With

that the Congress shall make a law that the judiciary has nothing to do.

increasing the number of Judges It functions only when a case incomprising the Supreme Court. Novolving an act of Congress comes

where in the Constitution is there before it.

any word giving the Congress this power, and yet the right of ConTn conclusion, I think it may safely gress to exercise it is calmly assertbe said that the Supreme Court ed. It would be as consistent to say is not usurping power, but is acting

that in enacting such legislation the strictly within the limits of its auCongress was usurping power as thority when it refuses in any case to say that the Court in testing the before it to give effect to an Act of validity of an Act of Congress by Congress which contravenes the the measure of the Constitution is Constitution of the United States.

usurping power. This conclusion flows from the lan-

I have said that the members of guage of the Constitution itself. It

the Constitutional Convention, as (Concluded on page 268)

Church security RETROSPECT INTROSPECT PROSPECT By HAROLD B. LEE

Managing Director of the Church

Security Plan and President of

Pioneer Stake

"Ouch has been done; much more remains TO BE DONE IN THE CAUSE OF

TEMPORAL INTEGRITY AND INDEPENDENCE.

Wide World Photo—from the New York Times

DISHEBER (RIGHT), is the Church Security PRESIDENT

B. CUSSING SECURITYJ. GRANT, CHURCH HAROLD WITHApril,sion 1937,of themarksfirst yearthe concluof the What Plan LEE, (LEFT), DIRECTOR MANAGING OF THE

CHURCH SECURITY PLAN. Security Church Plan, it is clear to the minds of to the announcedwhich was Church Dy now

assembled at the April Conference most people that the Church Church members in the solution in 1936. Security Plan is not something new of presentday economic problems.

In this brief article it will be our to the Church; neither does it conThe words "Church Security"depurpose to state clearly the nature template a new organization within scribe the underlying hope of our

of this program, its purposes and the Church to carry out its purleaders in this program, rather than objectives, to review some of the poses; but rather it is the expression name a movement separate and disaccomplishments, and to define some of a philosophy that is as old as the tinct from the already established

steps that must be taken in order to Church itself, incorporated into a organizations of the Church.

achieve the goal of "Church Seprogram of stimulation and cooper- The following excerpts from adcurity". ation to meet the demands of dresses made at various times by

members of the First Presidency breathe the spirit and power directing the present movement toward the establishment of permanent security:

"It is my testimony to you that President

Grant was inspired to begin this work and this plan, and it stands on an equality with any of our Church organizations. And,

furthermore, just as these organizations have grown and developed, with the experience and needs of the people, and so are not what they were at the beginning, so will this plan grow and.develop and if

the time comes when we do not need it, we will not use it, but until that time comes this will be a permanent thing."—President J.

Reuben Clark, Jr., Special Meeting Stake

Presidents, October, 1936.

"This Church Security Program has not come up as a mushroom over night. It is

the result of inspiration and that inspiration has come from the Lord. Satan's emissaries

would like to see it fail. Those who have

selfishness in their hearts would like to see it fail, but it is not going to fail, you mark

JR., FIRST CLARK, DAVID PRESIDENT AND SECOND PRESIDENT AND that, because David it is right."—President IN FIRST COORDINATED PRESIDENCY, J. RESPECTIVELY,REUBEN COUNSELORS, WHOSE0. McKAY,EFFORTS, THE Salt O. McKay, Lake Regional Meeting, INTERESTS GRANT, BEEN DIRECTED OF IN THE HAVE OF PRESIDENT WITH THOSE

CHURCH SECURITY. February, 1937.

light that forth, thy shine "Arise and of this movethe inspiration With nations; And the for standard be a may witnesses attestedment to by such land the together upon gathering the that

as coming from divine sources, any of Zion, and upon her stakes may be for

Latterday Saint who believes in the a defense, and for a refuge from the storm, out it shall be poured from wrath when and revelation ofprinciple continuous earth."the whole mixture without upon of the tocannot fail heed the call 115:5.) (D. &C.

prophets "to set up a system where the evils of the dole will be abolished and where independence, thrift, inApplying the meaning of that dustry, and selfrespect can again declaration to this program, well be established among our people."might the Lord have said to His peo-

( Official Statement, President ple, "I have caused you to be orGrant, October, 1936.) ganized into stakes of Zion that you

might provide a defense, a refuge,

In a world of fears and anxieties and a protection for my people."

occasioned by feelings of insecurity resulting from a worldwide ecoHardly had the announcement of nomic depression, the word of the the program been made to the memLord comes as a beacon to point the bership of the Church until press way to safety: dispatches carried the news to the

entire country and there immediately appeared numerous articles in the world's greatest newspapers; some

A SCENE FROM ONE OF THE CENTERS OF WOMEN'S CHURCH SECURITY ACTIVITY. made exaggerated and erroneous

From Wide World Photos, New York Times statements, but others gave accurate

MEMBERS OF THE GENERAL

COMMITTEE ON CHURCH SECURITY.

Left to right: Melvin J. Ballard, Chairman, representing the

Council of the Twelve; Mark

Austin, Campbell M. Brown,

Stringam A. Stevens, Henry

D. Moyle and William E. Ryberg. Harold B. Lee, Managing

Director and a Member of the Committee, is pictured with President Grant, on the opposite page.

PRESIDING BISHOP SYLVESTER Q. CANand carefully written explanations DAVIDNON, WITHA. SMITH,HIS COUNSELORS,(LEFT), AND BISHOPBISHOP common storehouses, and to make

(RIGHT), WHO, WITH THE preparation for the meeting of emerof the proposed plan. In the New JOHNFIRST WELLS,PRESIDENCY GENERAL AND THE

York Times there appeared an ediCOMMITTEE, ARE DIRECTING THE gencies that might arise within any torial that began with the caption, CHURCHRESPONSIBILITYSECURITYFORPLANITS ANDFURTHERANCE.ASSUMING given region.

"The Mormons Show The Way As one stake president reported

Out". There followed, a brief deChurch is to help the people to help them- "We haven't produced much to

scription of the Church organization selves. Work is to be reenthroned as the show for our labors, but in our stake

and its proposed program and closed ruling principle of the lives of our Church every man, woman, and child has with this significant statement: membership."had something to do in our program

in canning, quilting, gardening, activity or project which if in Any "And this program, the Mormon our and farming; Church can its ability demonstrate in the direction to look tends of "helping the woodcutting,

stake are all after committees ward and will members, it have its own made to people help themselves"to a posithe greatest contribution to the in world so functioning are organized and tion is in of security with harmony this generation."the experience would have that we great objective the the plan. of

Erroneously some papers annecessary to meet any emergency that others might have arise"—so that nounced ProHas the Church proposed the Church How Far

spirit cooperation, to the of yielded to all gressed transfer Realization the Towards Church from members until after year less today, than one objectives? relief of these government relief. to Church

is effort, there of sympathetic more is farreaching more objective The understanding cooperation manand the call of T-Teeding the leaders, clearly stated by President Grant ifested than it thought possible was joined stake presidents have in an official statement at the opentime. to expect in so short a together as regional ing session of General Conference, themselves offerings fast of payments The teamcouncils to develop genuine October, 1936:

work, to discuss common problems, and tithing have doubled and trebled "Our primary purpose in organizing the to provide the most economical sysin many cases, and many have conChurch Security Plan was to set up a tem possible for collection and distributed liberally in special donasystem the under of idleness curse which of money, land, and commodtribution of commodities through tions be the evils with, would done of a away ities.

dole abolished, independence, industry, and activities FALL FOR of ward PREPARATION Through the thrift, THE SPRING and selfrespect estabbe once more

THE PLANTING, CHURCH UNDER lished amongst our people. of the percommittees, aim 2,210 SEemployment The PLAN CURITY

SHOWING THE RESULTS OF WOMEN'S ACTIVITY 3. Sewing

IN A TYPICAL STAKE, UNDER THE CHURCH Remodeling men's and boys'coats and PLAN.SECURITY

suits Remodeling women's and girls'dresses, sons have been assisted in finding house dresses, aprons jobs in private industry and at least Making men's shirts, ties, underwear, 16,867 more have worked on various Makingsleepinglayettesgarments projects under the Church Security Rugs

Plan up to December 31st, 1936, 4. Farming

as indicated by incomplete reports Wheat, sugar beet seed from seventysix stakes. PotatoesBeans

In the regional and stake storeBeets houses, twentyfour in number, up Vegetables and fruits to the present thousands of pounds 5. Shoe repairing and making

of foodstuffs and pieces of clothing, 6.7. LoggingCoal miningand woodcutting

bedding, etc., have been stored and 8. Garment manufacturing

distributed by order of Relief So- 9. Laddermaking

ciety sisters and ward bishops. Gen10. Buildings

erosity and unselfishness, coupled RecreationalRemodeling buildingshalls and gyms with loving and untiring volunteer Assisting distressed families in remodellabor on the part of Relief Society ing and building homes mothers, with brethren of the PriestWard chapels hood cooperating, have made posRenovatingBeautificationandprojectsredecorating sible the rendering of assistance to Storehouses and root cellar construction 23,004 members of the Church, sev11. Temple clothing manufacture

entysix stakes reporting. 12. Cement building block manufacture

The following list of projects that 13.14. SorghumFurniture andrepairmolassesand manufacturemanufacture

were carried forward this last year 15. Toy repair and manufacture

by Priesthood quorums, Relief So16. Wool pulling

ciety organizations, and ward and 17. Community hospitalization and medical

stake units, will serve to indicate 18. Cooperativetreatment commercialized homethe diversity and immensity of the building

program 19. Mattress manufacture

20. Storehouse storage and distribution

1. Canning 21. Community rehabilitation

Beef and Mutton 22. Reclamation and dam construction

Fruits and Vegetables 23. Vocational training of boys

2. Drying 24. Manufacture of spray and disinfectants

Corn, Beans, Peas 25. Mine development work

Fruits projects for elderly people 26. Temple

27. Occupational training of girls

OF THING TYPE THE OF EXAMPLEANOTHER SE28. Manufacturing and assembly of tracDOING, CHURCH UNDER ARE THEWOMEN

CURITY PLAN. tors for allpurpose farm work.

PRESIDENT LOUISE Y. R0BIS0N

(TOP), FIRST COUNSELOR, AMY BROWN LYMAN, (CENTER), AND SEC

OND COUNSELOR, KATE M. BARKER

(BOTTOM), WHO, AS THE GENERAL PRESIDENCY OF THE NATIONAL WOM

AN'S RELIEF SOCIETY ARE RENDER

ING DISTINGUISHED SERVICE TO THE

ADVANCEMENT OF THE CHURCH SECURITY PLAN.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

What of the Future in this Pictorial RecordCurrent Church Building Program Plan?

Including many new and several remodeled buildings.

"V\7*ith A year of experience and observation behind us and with the light of inspiration pointing to the future, there are clearly defined five steps which must be taken to bring about the security so much desired.

First Step

There must be no idleness in the

Church. Today with the fruits of

idleness ripening on every hand into indolence, infidelity,- and rebellion, it is well to take heed to the voice of the Church as expressed by one of our leaders "There is no curse equal to the curse of idleness. It destroys the man, the group,

the people, or the nation, who suffer under it. Now, in saying that, I am not wishing

to reflect upon those who are involuntarily idle, who cannot find anything to do. Idleness, I repeat, is a curse which destroys

whoever is subject to it."'—President J.

Reuben Clark, Jr.

Viewed from another angle, the idle person of the present must be provided with the opportunity of rendering some service of which he is capable so that if and when he needs assistance it may be given not as a dole to sustain him in idleness but as a partial compensation for the work he has done or the services he has rendered that we may not "grind down the faces of the poor"with merciless almsgiving.

So, with these considerations in mind, the plan must begin with opportunities provided in quorum, ward, or stake projects for all to find a place to labor best suited to his abilities and his experiences. The

more productive that labor on projects can be made, the more economically sound is the program.

Second Step

We must learn the lesson of selfsacrifice.

The fulness of this principle was explained to the rich young man by the Master as recorded in the Bible in answer to the query as to what must be done in order to gain eternal life: If thou wilt be perfect go and

sell that thou hast and give to the poor, and come and follow me.

The goal set for 1936 to raise at least an average $1.00 per capita

fast offering was not attained, al- 1. AUGUSTA BRANCH CHAPEL, SOUTHERN STATES MISSION; 2. DESERET STAKE OFFICE AND SEMI-

4. SHARON MISSION; STATES NORTHERN CHAPEL, BRANCH DELTA; 3. MILWAUKEE BUILDING, NARY increase. there was a great though MT. OGDEN WARD, 5. OGDEN STAKE; TWELFTH SHARON BUILDING, SEMINARY OFFICE STAKE AND

CHAPEL, 7. MISSION; goal that SPRINGDALE must WARD STATES SOUTHERN CHAPEL, to achieve drive BRANCH STAKE; 6. COLUMBIA The CHAPEL, 9. BENCH STAKE; WARD 8. TIMPAN0G0S CHAPEL, MAtNILLA STAKE; ZION WARD PARK year, this not throughout continue 11. JEFFERSON STAKE; WARD BEAVER CHAPEL, 10. WARD BEAVER STAKE; WEST BANNOCK

alone because of the need for the CHAPEL AND RECREATION HALL, WELLS STAKE; 12. OGDEN TWENTIETH CHAPEL AND RECREATION

HALL, OGDEN STAKE.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

money that will thus accrue, but to Pictorial RecordCurrent Church Building Programenable the Church as a whole to receive blessings that come from Including many new and several remodeled buildings.

fasting and the payment of fast offerings. For so the Lord has

promised to those who are faithful in keeping this law:

"Then shalt thou call and the Lord shall answer, Then shalt thou cry, and He shall say, 'Here am V."

The payment of tithes and special donations in addition, from those who are financially able, must be encouraged that there might be "meat in the Lord's storehouses"for those who may need.

"As long as suffering and want exist, the citizens of the Kingdom of God are under obligation to do all in their power to relieve them. The greater their resources,

and influence, the greater is their responsibility."Life and Teaching of Christ.

Success in this program will be measured not only by what has been done to help members of a community to help themselves, but by what each individual, each ward, and each stake can give beyond its own needs.

Third Step

We must master the art of living and working together.

The present movement has been referred to as a "war against idleness, a war against depression, a war against social enmity."We

are fighting to establish brotherhood and cooperation.

What an army the Church has with which to wage such a war!

Subdivided into fifteen regions the one hundred and eighteen stakes of the Church are grouped together in units to make more effective and economical the program of that region, by better understanding and teamwork, with the stake presidents acting as an advisory regional council. Within each of the 1 080 ward

groups will be found the real "soldiers"with the "guns and ammunition"necessary to wage a successful "war". Here ward Bishoprics,

Priesthood quorum representatives and the women's Relief Society presidents must regularly plan the "attack".

Reaching into every corner of the

Church, are organized quorums of the Priesthood: 118 High Priests

quorums with 20,214 members, 220 1. KUNA WARD CHAPEL, BOISE STAKE; 2. EL PASO WARD CHAPEL, ST. JOSEPH STAKE; 3. MILWAUKEE

Seventies quorums, with 13,621 STAKE;BRANCH 5. CHAPEL,0GDEN NINETEENTHNORTHERN STATESWARD CHAPEL,MISSION;WEBER4. SPRINGVILLESTAKE; 6. STARFOURTHVALLEYWARDSTAKECHAPEL,OFFICEK0L0BAND

members, 61 1 Elders quorums with SEMINARY,FACTORY; 8.STARBALTIMOREVALLEY; CHAPEL,7. CORNISHEASTERNDORMITORY,STATES BENSONMISSION;STAKE—MADE9. HILLSPRINGFROMWARDAN CHAPEL,OLD SUGARAL53,198 members, 850 Priests quoBERTA STAKE; 10. PLEASANT GROVE SECOND WARD, TIMPAN0G0S STAKE CHAPEL AND AMUSEMENT

HALL; 11. CRESCENT WARD CHAPEL, EAST JORDAN STAKE; 12. THIRTIETH WARD CHAPEL, PIONEER

STAKE; 13. CEDAR THIRD WARD, PAR0WAN STAKE,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

quorums, Teachersrums, 820 1351 Pictorial Record—Current Church Building Program with quorums, a total memDeacons

Including many new and several remodeled buildings.bership of 79,953—a mighty army

of 167,000 "soldiers"organized and officered and supported by an equal army of Relief Society sisters whose ordained mission is to "provoke the brethren to good works in looking after the wants of the poor in each quorum, and searching after objects of charity, etc."

Wonderfully organized, but greatly in need of training, they must master the art of living and working together.

This mastery can come only from drill and intelligent practice in solving the many and complex problems that confront every organized group in the Church.

In 1937, great effort will be made to create at least one project for each quorum of the Priesthood as well as ward, stake, and regional projects. "Church Security"will

not be developed unless each group finds some problems to solve and then sets out as a unit to find the solution.

Fourth Step

We must practice a greater brotherhood in our Priesthood quorums.

"Let every man esteem his brother as himself. For what man among you having twelve sons, and is no respecter of

them, and they serve him obediently, and he saith unto the one: Be thou clothed

in robes and sit thou here; and to the other:there—andBe thoulookethclotheduponin ragshis sonsand andsit saiththou

I am just? "Behold, this I have given unto you as a parable, and it is even as I am. I say

unto you, be one; and if ye are not one

ye are not mine."(Doctrine and Covenants

Section 39:25, 26.)

Priesthood has been defined as the "authority given to man to act for God."This must apply to temporal things as well as to spiritual

matters. Priesthood quorum members must search out the distressed

and "act for God"in fulfilling the promises made to those who have been faithful in the payment of fast offerings and tithing and in living "unspotted from the sins of the 1. BALTIMORE CHAPEL, EASTERN STATES MISSION; 2. SAN FRANCISCO WARD CHAPEL AND RECREworld."ATION HALL, SAN FRANCISCO STAKE; 3. HEYBURN WARD CHAPEL, MINIDOKA STAKE; 4. INTERIORIt would appear that in reality, SANAURORAFRANCISCOWARD CHAPEL,CHAPEL; 5.NORTH0GDENSEVIERSIXTH STAKE;WARD CHAPEL7. YALECRESTAND RECREATIONALWARD CHAPEL,HALL,BONNEVILLE0GDEN STAKE;STAKE;6-

the Church Security Plan, ac- S.10. 0GDENMARYSVALENINTH WARDWARD,CHAPELMT. 0GDENAND RECREATIONSTAKE,; 9. YUBAHALL, CITYSOUTHWARDSEVIERCHAPEL,STAKE;GRIDLEY11. HINCKLEYSTAKE,;

tually began more than five years WARD CHAPEL, DESERET STAKE.

ago with the organization of the four standing committees in each of security for quorum members ployed, if the Personal Welfare

Priesthood quorum, and to just the been effected. committee had constantly in mind

extent that these committees have How long would six members of their unemployed brethren?

been organized and have functionan Elders'quorum be unemployed If quorum members fully realized ed, just to that extent has a measure where the other ninety were em- {Concluded on page 260)

Johnny STEVENS'SERMON

By J. M. JENSEN

Brigham Young University "Mext time Johnny Stevens spoke, i determined that I WOULD LISTEN VERY ATTENTIVELY FOR SOMETHING OF GREATER

SIGNIFICANCE THAN "DuCKQUACKING"AND I FOUND IT IN A

SERMON THAT IS STILL GROWING.

with the quacking of a duck, I felt ciple of the parable of the Pharisee in my soul a sharp protest. I made and the Publican who went up to

no answer to the critic, but deterthe temple to pray.

mined, when John Stevens should Since that night I have heard again be called on to speak at the many eloquent sermons, most of

I atvery meeting would listen ward I didn't because which—perhaps "b just as soon hear a duck tentively of greater for something get put forth sufficient energy to and

quack asto listen to Johnny significance than duckquacking. to hold—have left no trace behind.

later the opportunfew weeks it is since A But years though preach."Stevens manyI well, came. "Well, 'ere I am his to Stevens gathered Johnny was criticism voiced of ity Such was the

John Stevens'preaching and inciagain,"John began his sermon, and fathers, his sentiment is still with dentally of the Bishop's plan of callthe congregation smiled. Looking me, ever green and growing.

ing the various Elders of the ward, over to the choir at one side of the Nor is it simply a mental concept;

in turn, to occupy the pulpit at the stand he made some remarks to the it has become a part of my everyday

Sunday evening meetings. singers, and then, turning to the life. Often, when I find myself seside, said the to other something in vere censuring the actions othof

little Stevens a queer was John table. at brethren the Sacrament ers, action of or imperfection some with amusing mannerisms,man and his atbishopric received next The I before looms beme, and my own not considered a competentwas tention. to Turning he around them little charitable. come more One tospeaker according even the modfor their a few comments made illustration. incident as serve an mayest of the standards Provo Second benefit. evening, long a not Sunday so On straightbut simple he a hadWard; the of smiles congregation The I since, as myself, was, on way my dihonestyforward a brusque and pronounced, became more and some I to at a meeting, speak passed wardrectness that of speech commanded giggled. of the these boys During at of standing the boys corner two Irespect for as a him man. remem- I followed maneuvers every had I block. a half was way When callingber as a one boy him on on attentively, trying get to word street, across the a snowball cameoccasion for contribution the a to worthwhile, something but was struck in whizzing back. the and me missionary fund.ward His answer in to give despair, about up when I hurt, physical sustained no but my characteristic.was the shot speaker out suddenly with I dignity sorely was wounded, and said, his addressing "Ann,"he that, according to something my to whirl about was dearound and fiftywife, "there's of cents top on hit vernacular, boyish squarely me liver invective, scathing a which itthe give cupboard; to Brother Jenit is: eyes. the between Here greatly doubt would have no desen. 'asn't talk, to time stop and He sisters, "Brethren bless- a what and lighted boys, flashthe there when I."off neither 'aveand went he And it is I ing that perfect; just not am ed through the of mind memory my histo tend chickens. cows and think faults big your how would several snowballing of escapades

I if in look it eyes were."as did my after the Coming excuses youth and an accompanying apmy

and vague promises of others, John- I felt that my faith in Johnny Steplication of John Stevens'philosny Stevens'remark had for me the vens had been vindicated. The more ophy to the situation. I held my

ring of eloquent sincerity. When, I milled his sentiment over in my peace and proceeded on my way

therefore, not long thereafter, I heart and mind, the more I found with resumed tranquillity.

heard a man many years my senior in it; eventually I saw in it a homely Johnny Stevens'sermon is still

comparing Johnny Stevens'sermons presentation of the underlying pringrowing.

Smoot Deph AG( The church lime Wasteanize Neigo, Markii N THE NEWS Former Utah Ser

agriculture, industry, is also of ence and science, its at Peopl 75 Says entertaining speaker. mostion of Chili'Formarkedthe Church,by a warmthe pastandyeargeneroushas beenreiV president is Sleep of the 79year-old... Far Too Heber J. Grant, He

Saints, Latterday of Christ comof Jesus Church periodleading world's in the ceptionie newj——""""""# called the from comes Church. monly He Mormon given icals. been space has more Not only

... J; 13, CITY, 1936. City, Utah. SALT Salt Lake LAKE May

livof thinking and to the "Mormon"way teed thirty Smoot, yea publicity the ing, of nature very but the has The Detroit News says: ator and now exclusiv little desired. to to leave be such as been

SCIENTISTS HEAR PROPHET worker* at the start ol historical falsehood, Slander, and the wilMormon Leader Here on Their Invitation entyfifth year today 1 ful of have other decades misconceptions to the believe hold key they the a people "sleep to men As who who absence. conspicuousto aGde *e* 5 "ere, been The by their

agriculture gathered industry science, future of and

Vi "'There are many the true charof press has become aware councils them there today, in here high came among acter of the principles and practices of this a prophet of another kind, one whom eight hundred but forty hours a week

Church and people, and with characteristic thousand persons look upon as privileged to hear Mght or nine hours a

Almighty. voice the of the Senate ormer dean sense, fairness has undergood news and

is Prophet, Seer and Revelatoi Grant, Heber J. He is deplorable w public reading the taken to inform Saints. 'That of Latterday of the of the of Jesus Christ Church

facts without bias, prejudice or distortion.... May 12, 1936. most precious resource

The Church Security Program has been The Salt Lake Tribune Says: SIX HOURS ENOUGK

perfe< in person because particularly well "A GATES""ENEMIES WITHIN OUR treated—perhaps ten, twelve if can work scatrealized that a thinking have men

recent is logic the in—.a-asi*3r reason both and "There fourteen a hours day a threediversified of tered community and against the of compronouncement Church Mormon six a 3S, not on than more* million of out quarters can a people work Si.-to. is religious than statement munism. more a The San sleep."it that drives of a because warns menace document social their 7007 without problems economic and c.,!tfce n?U< observed life. Smoot, who of foundations the at American very Commuplacing "boondoggling""doling"a and and

Su-, in the nothing entyfifth with Church has nism birthday Mormon common *?*** future, there the be mortgage someon may this other, this or other, government or any anyfnitsWth ee life of his has most

it in this for observing, nation thing worth is It religion, to other. to or people an any enemy "plent; of principles the

and to civilization. and for other nations. freedom, of the First Presidency is timely and md not too much slee "The warning

Of. This attitude has characterized the press to the point.... July 8, 1936. ng a long period as

in our own communities, in the nation at of the Senate FinanceP large, and in foreign countries. The Church David Lawrence, noted columnist and tee he often worked as

said. to press a story, released the nation's he an exhours, beyond. hasAmerica—andbeen wholesome front page news for editor of the United States Daily, recently twenty out of the tw old I'm getting 'But of from the Boston which we publish typical of Excerpts thousands of press cerpt

: off tapering a little Transcript: are herewith: quoted comments

... it is significant that in The Improvement Era, smiled. Tall, whitehi

Time says: official organ of the Mormon Church, is reproduced energetic, he could p;, Chicago conspicuously in its August issue extracts from a man of 60 years.

their Last the for Chemurgicians assembled week recent the President before speech Grant Heber by J. TO YOUNG second Conference. than repDearborn 1,200 More the ADVICE to referred in Scouts of he America which Boy fottfteA

resentatives session, for threeday turned the up about belief regarding of "declaration governfollowing nation's For the yo last four times as year. Indeed, as the many Conin general"ments adopted laws and by unanimous OiiiciaV th( suggested Smoot ference transferred the to had from be Dearborn Inn of of general vote the the assembly Church Mormon Gra ciples: the in to Detroit. to BookCadillac Hotel Next... 17, 1835. Aug. on Henry Ford, the most distinguished guest was Heber "Keep busy Kee

id< Grant, President of high the of Christ Church Jesus Have J. a full page clean. devoted Times The New York 'I Saints. learn,'of Latterday to here said that am idlenes that member its in 6, section of 1936, rotogravure Dec. venerable leader. Mormon devil's E workshop. pictorial Securthe. of account.."to a Church it off hit "Mr. splendidly. and Grant Mr. Ford drink foods. hot Avoid

25, p. 73. 1936, metropolitan large May ity other and Program liqu< intoxicating touch

dailies have done likewise. Associated Press kind."The Detroit Evening Times says: and other wire services have carried freThe oldest delegate to the second Dearborn conferquent favorable releases to their members. Mormon Welfare Drive 6

.Veedy of.Sect From Relief I

ftf **? r Head of Church Society

|I Predictsof Aid Program.Expansion

Continued rr.ni L wdfa\H Z7Zv. {Give c * Not Hi Out wtow M c,j.aobi ported.lion ButHelpfu Altojethar | 350 proJecu *ia pout,*-- lhe iea><- - lurKeyi vis! beta Bin.,!,,rl lbeM wm lvBe more 0, curitjr pK.m iatnerg *"BUM**''"par". ""mWtW "RiSht momentum.now. ire we trytrur I he Prince members off to"of WPAnot oommentedtane Mrs. Hobisoa"workThat

latalu! in "ork-

: in, a which they

>ometh.nj VSLS*omethmj"a Po.nirf r? SSSll"Jilr,,". ""',, made Curtu*'"i i.se W'vl "erned."* hsl'""*

tiaa ";* j,iori * *- tT—fees. Ther TOC HH.T0C BBANCH(*... """'set "I the The! 2S3a!""ii4e**e, ft '* y- SLhSi Bu, mE'Jd -

'** fetaresley of "a time.Bnts W'SS'E '"Shl Just we to had And NationalRADIO lermLdWene added. kc) m.200 Members nin who aye job, u. rEedtr,-l--3BM

for ForecastService. the1 '-—Ceciln.n. in.—Regionalin.—RegionalCaplto: J0.15lOJOWeatherShipping.m.-r-Dal!y{1,500.P'D.llt.—Cecil {? sTltl7 1 a eoaflrieW.: '"-.-c",ntatBl?'""'i>eet*y

>,-., - "'orcus \liE2 tldep. a v..,; V vatiop or Lettuce Viec Bnj-d.,.well-.n'"OBnC:i, br0r"- Ch;lr1urlrlrChadwlcTheatifor Ptollt.under31 f Glaat.The Cultlintua] hl"nroiS,'ft. Salmon r:.e?. Farmers and 6y,.MUunnlenlnjm10.1.11H.IS

From the world's most widely circulated projects were set up. Central storehouses for supmagazine comes this editorial: pliestheir workwere inarrangedsuppliesfor,whichand theymembersneeded.wereThepaidoverfor Newyni -Class?ork, Matter,N. Y.

head was exceedingly small, because most of the administration was of a volunteer nature. Larger confrom them financed members able to make

of supplies,Mormons Soon to Open THE SATURDAY tributionspurchases equipment and land.

for Needy Storehouses land, feel that pioneered they a The Mormons new that, heritage, the desert, EVENING POST conquered with such a and tress 6 By The Associated for substantial of their Mormons portion Oct 28.- it is a disgrace any CITY, SALT LAKE

filled storehouses, in i membership to be a public doneBounteous have on dole. They

all unemploye take toprogram not only their country but themselves a great service. 'Stake'will J relief.""offmembers

t! 1 by Nov, needy to theopened

Saints Church.Latter Day The Lancashire (England) Daily Post Steadk

will go system""budget The says:

clothir food, of distributionern abcn to supplies medical permanentand all their investing for meet- A "Asking no collections, eligib), church, reported persons OFF.,. U. 9. PAT.15,(K>0 locaBlM Mormon spirit cheerfulness, seventeen of with ings young a corres "stake,"which aid.for spending one American and or synocU diocese Irish—are men—sixteen situated strategically dozen A i78 A?D! in in missionary work. a Preston engaged month be will nzz> with FOUNDED werestorehouses crammed

of missionaries of of Christ the Jesus These Church BY PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY homemade food andpreserved throughout the Summerclothing project THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY Latterdayinto the MillennialSaints wereChorus,formedthein firstJune organizationof this year created workThe church and wardfarms, those employe INDEPENDENCE SQUARE of its kind to be established during their church's receiving certificates redeemabl PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA, XJ. S.A. century of missionary work.

in goods. "The church has at present about two thousand

simila. program is planned parts missionaries of the A in various world. Mostly STOUT, EDITOR WINANS WESLEY

year. ne,xt,ifor voluntarily give years young men, they two or more A. W. Neall, E. n. Graeme Lorimer, Brandt,

in lives their service of return to then abroad, and V. Reinhard, Marione Richard Thruelsen, JJurcli Securil S. their,'S; occupations. take Associate former Robert Mr. SOMMERS, Editors MARTIN up

the of Rees, Richard Stevens members An D. and Mr.'ESSIOJV heBII Art Editor Martin, W. Thornton told that reporter Lancashire Post Daily a viss L. B. Associate Art KRITCHER, Editor Chorus, Th*,- selfsacrifice considerable often the involved, as was V,eift 5ceTV<* missionaries the receive salary or expense from no

to and have PHILADELPHIA, MARCH 6, 1937 church, live on such money as they or fOfito their parents provide."can

THE GOAL OF SELFSUPPORT The Catholic Worker says: f

The Mormons took stock of their church household in October, 1935. They found that 17.9 per "We suggest that our Catholic laymen cull a

cent of the entire church membership was receiving few pages from the record of the Church of LatterIt is Saints. tea that swallow, must a bitter day we relief, units cent governmental 16.3 per from and

It hands. to and brewed hard be by may Mormon itself. the church cent church from 1.6 per The

in Catholic take sociology Charity and a lesson from to of authorities that 11,500 declared 16,500 from that in the future nonCatholics, but we can we trust "either did not the need on relief members 84,460 to afford 'hookey'."play 1936. November, it if that might, or farmed, them kept farms * have had psus27* relief."off Chrtst 8t**e "tcA quartet, stations missionary radio a Of it April, in that 1936, church announced, The was

setting up a relief program, or rather a security prosay:

gram, of its own. The Latterday Saints did not attempt the impossible. It was not their purpose to TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

take members off WPA projects, although members It is indeed a great pleasure to introduce to you were urged to be "scrupulously careful to do an an outstanding quartette, known as "The Fireside honest day's work for a day's pay."But the church Four."

did propose to take its members off direct relief, and This organization has performed over this station announced, in October of last year, that it had done with great success, and if you have an opening for so. an exceptional program of gospel as well as semiBrigham Young, the famous leader of the sect, once classical selections, you will find the "Fireside Four"

said that experience had taught him that it is "never a musical treat for your listeners.

any benefit to give money, food, clothing or anything Our best wishes accompany the "Fireside Four"else, out and out, to man or woman, if they are ablewherever they may go.

bodied and can work and earn what they need, when Yours very truly, is to do. there anything for them on earth To purRadio Station WFBG

ruin course contrary a sue any community would Roy Thompson,3 and make them idlers."Managing Director. hi

early, works, the In the days of church, many inTO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: still buildcluding walls important surround which

ings in Salt Lake City, were erected to make employThe Fireside Four quartette broadcast several pro00

THE ment.many workBy lastprojectsAugust,of theirthe own,Mormonsand hadhadmanyorganizedmore wellgramspleasedover WSYRwith theirwhileartisticin Syracuse.performanceWeand werewill

** glad to have conbe planned. included Their them on our schedule should they *<%*> program new temple T, to Syracuse. return again districts. struction, colonies Timeto. and new new irrigation

Large gardening, canning, preserving and sewing Fred R. Ripley, Program Director.—R, L. E.

RELIC

YOU INVITES 8 IQ'W COaDIALLT Stake No. Conference u8 SemiAnnual 1936 went- W NOVEMBER, \tb<**?* A Last week the Prophe KOSEGKO KOAD, ** Included of &>*'O the.**"%**!& world's 1, UVEKPOOL 746,384

J)is British tolWrffc,isles. '80th birthday.!x-*"*,.?. Halt RelieveMormons ii tributes IV*'\*';.\*-:* Distinsu'st>- -jndf<iU.S.A.RandalPi ** as haying

Brothers a v Improvement post,: Mormoni/e and works, Presidei Without w.iv *"< --vs>3.,,, - --, "'nnwl Chorus,...

-rant of State Assistance the NO PAY Churcluif FOR } atterDay Saints arriv CHORUS. EVAI\GELIS | 1 THE dormonTeach BELFAST Catholics in Lesson business boa,.ircJ3?rrir V'bent free of.<"f J.wi* uwasftt\lMILLENNIAL - < ilis. ions;.S. who live Personalist in to Missionaries ii and ar Way

.rt* Wisconsin SKINa S&"lt t,e! 12 rSoij|- 'were >"also it** $Afat u c, *'1 'v'fu'Help hi Poor "n ih t

! with a.'iVi?!"!",","'WereJieiom by 17 IlnrolIf PflSIDENT Mormon '".-.; 1I '.,fss.Irish—aietheir tw* t be"about Th, are personalists! Mormons meetingsloryoungspendinpno collection;men—Moreg-Ziis*A?s,iVBelfast wm'a 16rnn 'epherdedICame tuiu—1—*&Si*flBCSll

GENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH AND MEMBERS OF THE

GENERAL COMMITTEE GATHERED TO DISCUSS CHURCH SECURITY—REPRODUCED FROM A RECENT MARCH OF TIME SCREEN

\\ PRODUCTION. //

Time marches on WITH THE CHURCH SECURITY '"Time's"newsreel men—a crew of

skilful sound news producers and recorders—spent the major part of two weeks in December in Utah. PLAN

for primary purposeTheir being <<rplme's"newsreel men spent weeks in utah to bring to authentic to secure anhere was newsreel story on the "Mormon"the nation a comprehensive and well edited story on

Church Security Plan—a subject the "Mormon"way of doing things.

that is well to the fore on the world's newsfront. The result was (Choir Sings.) the Mormon Church today is financially

its the wealthiest churchstrong, inmembers picture, eminently newsworthyan doctrine Fundamental Voice Time: of in the world. goersformative and is that faith every member the of Mormon entertaining—skilis religion this Christian of Foundation onepaying selfsupporting and, shall be by skilfully editedfully photographed, of as the a supBook Mormon—regarded tithe all the to Church, tenth earns of as a he traditions, with to Church the Bible. the plement Enshrined on—dealing the and devoutness his make prove own is the spire Angel Moroni, who, a Temple is projects.personalities Here and its funds itself independent. With Church

the story securities, as Time's in giltedged invested screen editors shrewdly advisers guiding Zion with its ablest theatregoers nation's it to thetold enterACHURCHSCENE SECURITYOF WOMEN'SPLAN—FROMACTIVITY THEUNDER"MARCHTHE

a story of the "Mormon"way of prises in wide fields of business and finance, OF TIME."

doing things:

(Narration.)

Voice of Time: In the Western vastness of the United States is a region

strangely like the Holy Land—the State of

Utah. Utah's Dead Sea is the Great Salt

Lake. Like the mountains of Judea are her

purple hills. To three quarters of a million

people throughout the United States, Utah

City—besideis a Holy Land.a riverForcalledhereJordan—risein Salt Lakethespires of a New Jerusalem—the Churchof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints—the

Mormon Church.

Governing the Mormon Church with the aid of Twelve Apostles and a Council of

Wise men, is the venerable Mormon Pontiff, eighty year old Heber Jeddy Grant.

President Grant: Individual aggressiveness, thrift, industry, and independence

have built our Church.

Voice of Time: Bestknown Mormon

institution is the threehundred voice Tabernacle Choir.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

century ago, the pious believe, revealed the

Book of Mormon, inscribed on golden plates,Smith—founderto a Newof Yorkthe faith—originatorfarm boy, Josephof

Mormon polygamy, a practice abandoned forty years ago.

Smith's successor, Brigham Young, led the early Mormons to Utah, lies buried near the Church.

Preserved nearby is Utah's first house, and around the Temple is an old wall built by the Church in the depression of 1853, to make work for unemployed Mormons.

As depression stalked the land, Heber

Grant and his advisers found that onesixth of all U. S. Mormons were idle and on

relief. In Salt Lake City, Mormon leaders

discuss ways to end the idleness they believe is sinful.

President Grant: We must find a way

to help our unemployed people help themselves.

Voice o[ Time: Soon adopted by the

Church is an ambitious ecclesiastical relief plan. Thousands of Mormon men, taken

relief rolls, are put Statefrom and Federal

ABOVE: PRESIDENT HEraising food.to work (RIGHT), BER J. GRANT,

SECOND COUNSELOR are AND or parishes wards Opened in Mormon

DISDAVID stores paid, not where workers areMormon SECUSSING 0. CHURCHMcKAY,

in cash, but with all the food, medicine, CURITY—FROM "THE

and fuel needed by their families. To care MARCH OF TIME."

for Mormon women taken off relief, Church workshops are opened where new garments

J. PRESIDENTare thousands, old and made by CLARK, JR., clothing RIGHT:REUBEN

is repaired. the first harvested crops With IN FIRST COUNSELOR

and stored, other Mormon women, working THE FIRST PRESIDENCY,

CHURCH to jobs, hand create more canby and preDISCUSSINGSECURITY YORK NEWserve half quarts of food. a million Through OFFICIALS WITH STAKEIN

the Church's work, 20,000 Mormons are—FROM "THE MARCH OF

taken off Government relief. TIME."

News of the Mormon success arouses nationwide interest, evokes comment from such prominent Churchmen as Catholic

Editor Father LaFarge. John is vastly farreaching than membermore latter "Midwinter Vacations,"the

I think it's excellent. think LaFarge: I free institutions in church. ship any Our attention of which focussed Sun onit all thing if wonderful would the if be a shall live great try to support cannot we

churches were in a position to take care of groups of men in idleness. Valley Lodge, Idaho.

their unemployed, well materially as own with today 1937", one Voice Time: of And which was "Mormonism—spiritually.as projects under hundred employment new official title Time's Security for the

relief Voice Time: homes, At of the Morfaces problem way, a Church Mormon Plan treatment, striking included officials offering again, call again andmon to as Relief as it is to Federal vexing them

in return for work an adequate living. Administrators. But, determined to make and unusual photos of Great Salt

Man: I'd rather get my Government its own shirkers go back to work, Mormons Lake, Salt Lake Valley, a map

are that confident they will soon overcome that'scheck, I money, and I can what do of Salt Utah, City, downtown Lake this the problem, preserve newest it. rugged withwant the temple, the tabernacle, choir, the vitality, single in which, has a century headquarters, Voice Time: Church At of tithepayers in the office, Bishop's their struggling transformed pioneer band official,highranking Mormon Reuben J.

rich, into a mighty and Zion's I., Savings Bank, Z. C. is M.Clark, Jr., thoroughly aroused. Church—great, powerful. Angel Moroni, Smith, BrigJoseph Clark: President problem the inof The

difference and unwillingness of men to work Time Marches On! ham Young's Grave, temple wall,

street scenes, store scenes, storeversion screen of the TThis March SECURITYGENERAL CHAIRMAN PREAND THE houses, most of the General AuthorSIDING BISHOPRIC AT A CON- "ROUND TABLE officially of as Time, known No. itiesFERENCE"ON CHURCH Security and SECURITY—FROM THE Committee, and

6, Vol. included with TIME."3, was"MARCH two OF closeups all of First the Presidency.Left right: to Elder J. Melvin the of Ballard Council short but comprehensive subof the Twelve, Bishop Wells, Bishop A. John David is picture This being shown

Smith, Presiding Sylvester Q. Bishop otherjects—"Conquering Cannon. and Cancer"throughout the civilized world, and

a copy of the film will remain in the possession of the Church, according to word received in the office of

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., from

Mr. J. R. Wood of the March o/

Time.—R. L. E.

&TD

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

cJhe Story of [Posey, JLast

[PanLite (Outlaw

By ALBERT R. LYMAN

lawin the wild and Arizona, New THEless STORYregion ofTHUSFourcorners,FAR: whereDown Utah,

Mexico, and Colorado come together, more than half a century ago Kit Carson rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Fe, New Mexico, to keep them there in the being were the Navajos years. While three "bullpen"for AT EACH OTHER SPRANG tribe THEY from their broke away PahUtes handful of disciplined, a disaffected harshly thus CATS, EACH LIKE MAD TOM territory. in Navajo Mountain possession Navajo of took INand River HIS north Juan CLAWS San ONE SETTLING of the

the Navajo to vacate FLESH OR THE HAIR TO refused THE renegades PahUte back, these Navajos came When the TENACITY. VICIOUS WITH story, this character of the central (Posey), resulted. Sowagerie and bad blood country

was a child of one of the PahUte renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy. Bitseel,

a son of the ousted Navajos, was Posey's most bitter enemy. Frequent raiding parties

cattlemen, travelers, unsuspecting plundering of the killing and tribes and the two between their Chapter X Duckie to rejoin deserters that PahUte forced the in complications resulted and ranchers, tribe. In the midst of this tense situation in 1879 a colony of Mormons was sent down to

settle the San Juan country, largely for the purpose of improving relationships with the dialect and in skilled Indian their chief man Haskel Indians. was Thales interpreter—a and other each to upon of prey loftiest ideal continued PahUtes osey's the and Navajos But psychology. P. in gambling continued, Bitseel and Posey between settlement. feud The the upon Mormon horse, a crea- a power dash and was

avengers cowboy skirmish when During one secret warfare. subtle in and and games all competition to pass able and the ture separated from momentarily Sowagerie, son, was tribe, the renegade the scattered

tribe with Toorah, little sister of Poke, the PahUte leader. This brief interlude marked disappear as a doubtful speck on

the beginning of a smoldering romance that caused Sowagerie bravely to change his name the faraway hill. He visualized a

to Posey and vainly dress himself in fine clothes, braid his hair, and put on war paint. brute which could strike fire from

Poke, who disapproved relentlessly by sister, little was however, in his This interest its hoofs steelshod the rocks with PahUte to him. referred The and so "skunk,"as "apostate"Posey looked upon the disslip like into the arrow an and not was enemy into factions a common best, when broke at up loosely organized tribe,

threatening. During one such period of disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, distance. He knew the barbarous

appeared with her brothers and all Posey's searchings for her were vain. Finally, Posey secret of extracting from a cayuse

stealing, lying, quit if he his improve luck told would Haskel Thales and was consulted tucked strength of calory every suggested remedy the try resort, did last Posey as a and Doubtfully, and marauding.

its hide. yellow away under voice and Toorah's heard place isolated in he night an Mysteriously one halfheartedly.

saw her footprints but was rewarded with no sight of her. Posey finally secured vague The supergun, the unusual knife,

stealthily Poke's upon camp and whereabouts came Toorah's in concerning information skinem-all to the was mustang—it card in a game absorbed being brothers her squaws, by guarded and Toorah bound find that thought of these things terms released and Toorah squaws Posey and skirmishing with dogs After at nearby camp. a in his since its ruts mind worn had soon together was freedom Their to found new freedom. dashed these madly two lovers

interrupted, however, when Poke accidentally stumbled upon their hiding place. But he childhood days at Navajo Mounwas in trouble and his ugly threatening gave way to surly compromise. The gambling tain.

killings and resulted in some with escape Toorah possible Posey's that made had game the of having to the honor Next him, to secure which for agreed protection, Posey which horses, and food Poke needed of glory the to have horse was part recklessly of best the entered most happy theft. upon fulfilled by Posey now he agreement

his life. Many of his enemies were appeased or otherwise disposed of; Toorah was his having got it by stealth or by cunown; and in the frequent interchanges of gambling, theft, and treachery, he seemed to keep ning, that is by stealing it or winbig Bitseel, worry His the Navajo. his traditional enemy, even, with than or better even, it in ducki. Both ways had unless ning overtake them that tragedy his people would to him and warning Haskel's was dangers. their charms and their Posey's overtaken some of evil had their "medicine"ways. Haskel's they abandoned enemies and friends, and this fact made a fleeting impression on his mind—but only fleeting. (Continued on page 269)

Jiele %ht SUN'PAY[UN'DAY DAI LY J

MONT., WEDNESDAY, FEB, 17, 1337. HELENA. 324,—FIVE VOL. 71.—NO. CENTS

retire at 70, Life begins at so, why when there's still work to do?

Opie Read, 84 Prince Kimimochi Saionji, 88 Dr. Adolph Lorenz, 82 Frank B. Kellogg, 80

Mellow memories of the 52 books Last of the genero, the famous The sensitive, searching hands of Climaxing a long career in politics he has written only spur this popular elder statesmen who have stood for this Austrian surgeon have brought with the most ambitious effort to author on as he continues work on many years at the elbow of the emrelief and soundness to many a cripoutlaw war that has ever been made, the book which will be his 53rd. peror of Japan, this venerable man is pled child during his lifetime of pracin the international treaty which

"So long as a man dreams, he is a still consulted and his counsels heard tice, and his stillmerry eyes brought bears his name, this statesman is still creating being,"muses the friend of whenever there is a government crisis hope with them. Though he still a keen student of the relationship

Mark Twain, Eugene Field, and in Nippon. He has been a factor in practices, he is just completing his between nations, and contributes his

Theodore Roosevelt. all Japan's modern history. autobiography. experienced comments on them.

#<::rX::::?<::;3 rT:?::*

m Ambrose Swasey, 90 Heber J. Grant, 80 Andrew W. Mellon, 82 George Bernard Shaw, 80

At his desk every working day Active head of the Church of Jesus Industrialist, financier, public servHis sharp tongue scarcely dulled when he is in Cleveland, this outChrist of Latterday Saints (Morant, this lifelong collector of art by the years, this most acute of the standing manufacturer of telescopes, mons), whose 600,000 members are masterpieces is today in the course of playwrights of the beginning of this optical goods, and precision machine scattered all over the world, this donating his unsurpassed gallery of century still manages to throw an tools looks ahead to the setting up patriarch has helped direct its most paintings to the nation as a nucleus occasional shock into interviewers this summer of his largest telescope recent accomplishment, to take care of a national collection. He is still and readers, and his English home is

at the McDonald Observatory in of its own people without recourse to active in the management of one of still a mecca for all hunters of the west Texas. public relief. the world's great fortunes. literary lion.

{Reprinted by Courtesy ){ The Helena Independent) 217

Progress in the missions

BRITISH MISSION

MILLENNIAL CHORUS, BELFAST, IRELAND, DECEMBER 4, 1936.

Seated left to right:

George L. Shupe, Richard G. Smith, Theron L.

Lahrum, Bertram T.

Willis, Leonard L. Motfit, Harold P. Mogerley.

and Clyde L. Barraclough.

Standing, left to right: Dudley M. Leavitt, Anderson Moyes,

Robert S. Stevens, Laurel L. Pugmire, Burt

Keddington, David C Thomas, Norman H.

Roberts, and 0. Clifford

Merrill.

This picture, with an extensive story, appeared as a threecol- umn spread in the "Birmingham Evening Dispatch,"December 19, 1936. These missionaries have traveled

throughout the mission and have been paid for radio appearances.

HPhe old truths are still the same, but missionaries find that new ways must be adopted to bring attention to busy, of indifferent the them people, nineteen hunApproximately give rise to methods of spreading new new conditions the of dred missionaries truth in a world. modern

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are now preaching methods have been utilized. The

the Gospel among the nations of the radio has been an evereffective tool world. Youthful, eager, intense, in America. In the Eastern States

they are ever on the lookout for Mission, a new venture brought more effective methods of making great response. The organization

the Gospel of Jesus Christ signifiof "The Fireside Four,"a quartet cantly attractive to increasing numwith an accompanist and a publicity bers of people. director, was able to reach in a culSuch varied activities as baskettural way people never before touchball, sports meets, banquets, traveled by our message. Exhibits, reading quartets and choruses have been ing rooms have also aided advancesponsored by the various missions. ment of the work in the Northern

The results have publicized and popularized the name of "Mormon"and all that it stands for. These

varied methods have opened new doors and won new friends to a religion which encourages physical, mental, cultural, and social activities as correlatives to the spiritual and moral qualities. Reports of these

accomplishments have appeared from time to time in the pages of

The Improvement Era.

In the United States various ABOVE: BASEBALL IN

m$>S$m$W**;*;*:* THE BRITISH MISSION

Harry Holland, Campaign sL: A|iiOi I:; Manager of the National

Baseball Association, London, chatting with members of the L. D. S. Team.

LEFT: NEW ZEALAND

MISSION

exhibit, Book of Mormon MISSIONSAN DIEGO during Hui (annual Tau conABOVE:FAIR EXHIBITCALIFORNIAWITH OF SALT LAKE MODEL ference) at held Tamaki, TEMPLE Hawkes Bay, Zealand. New

Many investigators are reReading from Left to Right: Kneeling, Elder

ported to have taken an acKenneth G. Pierson, Elder James S. Arrigona;

tive interest in this exhib't standing, Elder Francis J. Springer, Elder Fred E.

which stressed the origin of Singley, President Fred L. Thompson, Elder Arthur

the Polynesian races. M. Mortens en.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

States, the Texas, and the California

Missions, as well as in faroff New

Zealand.

In the British Mission different methods of approach have stimulated inquiries that will undoubtedly bear a rich harvest of converts.

Baseball was the first innovation which captured British fancy, both in England and in South Africa.

When the track meet was held in connection with the June M. I. A.

Conference in England, the events called forth favorable comment from

Britishers. The latest accomplishment is the great work done by the

Millennial Chorus, a group of fifteen young men, who have sung their way through England into Ireland to a prized B. B. C. radio contract.

In the GermanAustrian Mission, basketball has captivated the hearts of the Germanic peoples. Through NORTHERN STATES MISSION

the ability of the renowned and re-—AROOM MORMONAND EXHIBIT,READINGPLANKspected Mormon basketeers, the KEE,INGTONWISCONSIN.ARCADE, MILWAUpopular American sport is rapidly

becoming known in many sections CZECHOSLOVAK MISSION:

of Germany. The proved ability of BOOK OF MORMON EXHIBIT

the Mormon missionaries in this field THEON THECAPITALMAINCITY,STREETPRAGUE.OF

EASTERN STATES MISSION—THE "FIRESIDE FOUR"AND THEIR ACCOMPANIST

From left to right: Elmoin Kirkham, Salt Lake,

Bass; Marvin Bertoch, Magna, Utah, Director

and Baritone; Merlin Fisher, Salt Lake City,

Second Tenor; and Max B. Smith, Lehi, Utah,

First Tenor; at the piano, Grant Cook, Tremonton, Utah. In civic clubs, churches, Lodges, and public gatherings the universal appeal

of good music was the "open sesame"for these

Eastern States Missionaries.

resulted in four of them being chosen as qualified Olympic judges for basketball in the international

Olympiad.

In the Swedish Mission, the work is progressing rapidly. As a result

of the missionaries'efforts, new avenues of publicizing the work have been made available. The

N. Y. A. Daglight Allehanda, a

LEFT: GERMANAUSTRIAN MISSION—GERMAN

MISSIONARIES SERVING AS OLYMPIC JUDGES

The four missionaries were fitted out in white official uniforms and are shown above, from left to right: Edward C. Judd (Salt Lake City), Vinton M.

Merrill (Idaho), Jerome J. Christensen (Salt Lake),

Charles A. Perschon (Salt Lake).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

Stockholm newspaper, recently carlecture—and by their living example

ried a three column feature on the of the Gospel's efficacy. M. C. J.

"Mormoner,"using pictures of the

Salt Lake Temple, the Prophet Joseph Smith, and President Heber J.

Grant.

In all the missions, new impetus has gone forth to make missionary work better conform to modern methods of approach. On foot, by

bicycle, automobile, train, horseback, and boat, Latterday Saint missionaries are carrying their message of truth, happiness, and light to the ABOVE: ON THE COPENHAGEN FERRY,

world, by direct word of mouth, by SWEDISH MISSION M. I. A. CONFERENCE.

BELOW: EXMISSION. CALIFORNIAradio, activities, and social by sports IN BRITISH MISSION HELD TRACK MEET

D. TERIOR OF THE L. VIEW M. CONNECTION CONFERENCE; WITH picture motionby and illustrated EXPOSITION, AT AMERICA'S SANS. EXHIBITDIEGO. IN ACLEEDS, I. WATKINS OFI. A. THOMAS

TION, HIGH JUMP, M-MEN SPORTS MEET,

ENGLAND.

ABOVE: GERMAN - AUSTRIAN MISSION:

MISSIONARIES OF THE FRANKFURTER

DISTRICT WHO HAVE BEEN CONDUCTING

A LECTURE TOUR ENTITLED "DOWN PIONEER TRAILS."

From left to right: John N. Gardner, Clark

J. Gubler, Armin H. Durtschi, Wilford A.

Kowallis, Emil Herzig, Elmer L. Smith, and

Alvie S. Larsen not present at the time the

picture was taken.)

'LEFT: M MENGLEANER

BANQUET, BERLIN, GERMANY.

BELOW: GERMANAUSTRIAN

MISSION—IN ACTION ON

THE BASKETBALL FLOOR.

Extreme left: Charles J. Persclion, Salt Lake; immediate

foreground (in black trunks) La Von Earl, American Fork.

Guarding the "shooting"man:

(left) Donald L. Snedeker,

Thornton, Idaho; (right) Thomas J. Curtis, Salt Lake.

fWeree: Melvyn M. Cowan,

Salt Lake.

BRAZILIAN MISSION: TWO MISSIONARIES ON

TRACTINTERIOR FOR READY HORSEBACK,

A SHOWING MISSION, GERMANAUSTRIAN RAINS; TROPICAL ING, FOR PREPARED AND QUINTET "MORMON"OF THE G. VIEW REAR (LEFT); VERN C. RUDD, ELDERS SAM

ON SWEATSUITS "MORMONEN"WITH WORD (RIGHT). TAYLOR,

s -jb -2-at ">oj 5aK 1—pP.-'JTE

i cragre 5—is a:cj< igjaj*j!2 Etc= jf.'a,o> <D CO >

re COuLU o -*J coco ouino 1 Oicm Oen rlm, fien Mca ca "ci;—re o o Ure Sat"f.a,h>

= C/> CE-D.

a TO *">

=p 18in.c JS>- 45 o>S

**J;p CQre*- UJ3i-.t:cq*- (z ". =*o

cmcm c<w(nj cm incm vocm wf"- 5"

o aj c = *<.2 a>c o -prera57; oc S J= ".5="** '0*1 vCOj

CD ucit/iaz< cj<=>

CO S

o CO CO j= E re 5 5 "** 2 -'-, H GO Z Lil O t/) W inrH voi-t rrH eoiH o*r-i csMwV

JB:co a.OJ j cre a-rt s c?

.ujc/j'cc Iris n.u oi.re uire

:."? O

:::5o

CO CO CQ '.2 toD

$. i- CD a;O Eire |

, cai 10 aj xu re a o "5> f|f=eZOhZ

. --- CMto2 mdri So *-*a >iqi =-=>. ain=—Q. re 8 m CQ-g

5 o-g- a—oJi J K

i2 -<-='E185. "Jisre Ere; E

o co Xu srt qj rc 2S2 N5 g|P:z3'r Xu

Looking toward churchwide beautification

pioneer forefathers our T. NELSON confrontedWhenwere with acceptBy IRVIN

ing starvation, or providing the material necessities of life, President

Brigham Young counseled his people be found healthful recreation in the thus: Trvin T. Nelson, of Salt Lake City, open air; here too is a challenge for

active most * the at the cemetery who landscaped mind. It was J. J.

Study order and cleanliness... adorn said: Winter other Levison Quarters and major who

your city and neighborhood... build projects, and whose work in land'

beautiful cities in which may be found... scape gardening has received nation'Everybody ought to plant something

every tree, shrub and flower that will wide recognition, here presents the a tree, a bush, or a flower. It adds to the

flourish in the climate to make our mountain first in a series of brie} articles urging richness of life. Watching it grow brings

interest in nature, in an the paradise sun the andhome a your. make homes the beautification of

rain. I have seen let a lovely tending poor a nestle man.. houses your... beneath munity, private and property—aChurch, com'prohe planted had in his dooryard, the cool shade trees of and and fragrant be ject made which has the wholehearted enshrub

with the perfume of flowers... this will dorsement of the Church Security getting more pleasure out of it than if he

make us happy... every improvement Committee, and which it is hoped will owned a show place; and I have seen a

that make we not only adds to our comfort tobut wealth. our become a major Church'wide ac diseasedrich man twodollarmore concernedbush he overhad aset littleout tivity.

his with hands own than he was over all Food, shelter, and clothing—these the rest his of estate.

have always been man's necessities, but when the Lord created man "a little portant, we observe a great need for An improvement campaign in our lower than the angels,"created He also in improvement our homes and comcommunities highly would provide dein him spirit urgent need. a more His Churchwide CleanUp munities. A for projects sirable makework the

too must be nourished in order that he Campaign and Beautification Program Church Security Program. Under inmight not forget the Home from would do much for us as a people! The telligent leadership large amounts of

whence he came. "Man shall not live by world is coming to our doors. Tourlabor could be used in a most combread alone."President Young, being ists by the hundreds of thousands pass mendable manner. The cash outlay for

a great spiritual leader and community through our communities. ideals Our such projects large. need not be By

builder, recognized, in the face of pressand industry are judged largely by the using at all the agencies our command ing material needs, these higher necesappearance of our streets, fences, the cost of any project could be reduced sities. It was not enough that they yards, and buildings. Beautiful avenues to a practical minimum.

should have houses; these houses must of trees leading into our communities The accompanying pictures, "Bebe homes. Communities were to be or public buildings and homes adorned fore"and "After"show only a part of

made up not merely of streets and with lawns, shrubs, trees, and flowers the improvements in an L. D. S. comfences and buildings but they were to will preach the Gospel quite as effectmunity where the people cooperated to

possess a charm, an individuality, a ively as words. This visual approach create order and beauty. Over $3,000

soul. And so President Young, among will be another avenue through which in materials and labor was donated

other things, counseled his people to we can reach the people of the world by the people. The entire project cost

"study order and cleanliness,"to with our teachings. about $4,500.00, only $672 of that

"adorn"their neighborhoods. The economic and social changes of amount was in cash. The social as We of this generation find plenty of the last four years have placed at our well as the individual benefits of this

reason to consider carefully the counsel disposal much leisure time. A garden project cannot be enumerated. Cleanof this pioneer leader. Beyond the inpresents a worthwhile challenge for liness, order, and beauty became active

dividual aspect, which is most imthose "unoccupied"hours—here is to community ideals.

BEFORE AFTER

The tabernacle choir IN PROSPECT AND REVIEW Broadcasting, concert B'engagements, sound films, and singing tours make a busy year for this world renowned organization.

THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR APPEARING Richard L. Evans, Producer and

WITH PHILALEOPOLD STOKOWSKI AND THE to be Announcer, has continuedDELPHIA MAY, ORCHESTRA, SYMPHONY 1936. Assistant Conductor D. Sterling with the choir's closely associated

regular organist Wheelwright, and activities, seven the past during as relieved has been Frank W. Asper years, conof letters thousands andTheeighthSalt LakeconsecutiveTabernacleyearChoir'sof occasion on organists Alexander by listeners to tinue throughfrom come

weekly nationwide broadcastSchreiner and Wade N. Stephens. out America in appreciation of the

ing has been punctuated by many The choir participated in the first organ, the choir, and the spoken colorful happenings. annual Christmas Massed Choir sentence sermons presented during

In May, 1936, this worldrenown- Festival in the Tabernacle, Christthe interludes on America's oldest ed singing organization appeared in mas Eve, heard over Radio Station continuously produced nationwide concert with Leopold Stokowski and KSL, and is now planning a nationradio program, heard weekly from the Philadelphia Symphony orcheswide Memorial Day concert from the Crossroads of the West.

tra and another such appearance is the foot of the Great White Throne Noonday organ recitals were inscheduled for May of this year, with in Zion National Park. Rehearsals terrupted during January and FebEugene Ormandy and the Philadelthree times weekly with other speruary, 1937, to make possible the

phia Symphony, cial rehearsals, broadcasts, services, installation of a new console (AusDuring the year the choir has funerals, and social functions have tin, Hartford, Conn. ) and other imattended, although not in concert, filled out an intensely busy year. provements, which were effected, at

the performances of such artists as Congested radio schedules last a cost of more than $5,000, by John

Nelson Eddy, Grace Moore, RichSeptember necessitated reduction Toronto and George Barzee, under ard Crooks, and John Charles from onehour on the nationwide the direction of the Presiding Bishop.

original to the onenetworkThomas. CBS—M. C. J.

is listed half hour, at a better which The choir sang at the funeral of

IN ACTION, A STUDY CLOSE OF THE CHOIRformer War Secretary George H. time, however—12:30 to 1:00 p. m. A MARCH RECENT OF TIME FROMDern, with President Franklin D. Sundays, Current New York Time. PRODUCTION. SCREEN

Roosevelt and many other high government and army officials present.

A short sound picture was made for the March of Time, and an evening was spent with the eminent international photographer, Alfred

Eisenstaedt, as he took "Candid

Camera"studies for Life magazine.

Under the able direction of Conductor J. Spencer Cornwall the

choir's repertoire has been greatly enlarged, some membership changes have occurred, and, in short, the singers have been welded into a closely knit organization, with a growing superiority in shading, flexibility, and interpretation.

Conductor Cornwall has been relieved on one or two occasions by

MONUMENTS,

\XTinter Quarters, Mount Pisgah, Temple sites, and "Triumph of the West"are in the eyes of the church.

its own history it Reuben Clark, and David O. Mcis also recording Kay—each responded, as did others

and perpetuating of note, including the Governor of the achievements Nebraska, the Mayor of Omaha, of its pioneer and the President of the Union Pafounders. Toward cific Railroad. Winter Quarters,

this worthy aim and all the name implies to Latterthe past year has day Saints, has been immortalized been particularly in stone by the gifted Utah sculptor, fruitful, with the Avard Fairbanks. ( The Improveerection of heroic ment Era—October and December, monuments, the 1936.)

recovery o f old and significant The impressiveness of Winter sites, the acquisiQuarters brought forth from the tion of new sites, President of the Church an order for and the marking of the erection of another symbol in old trails. stone by the same artist,—"The Tri-

O u t s t a n ding umph of the West"—which, if preswas the Winter ent plans materialize, will be dediQuarters dedicacated on Temple Square in Salt

tion in Florence, Lake City this coming summer.

Nebraska, September 20, 1936, The activity incident to the Winwith a majority of ter Quarters dedication brought

WINTER QUARTERS MONUMENT, FLORENCE, the General Auforth the "rediscovery"of Mount

NEBRASKA thorities and more than two thouPisgah with its near halfcentury old sand members and nonmembers of monument which stands on a forgeneration makes history, the Church present to witness the gotten piece of ChurchownedONEwhile succeeding generaunveiling and participate in a nationcemetery property near Creston, in tions interpret and glorify it. wide NBC broadcast. The First Union County, Iowa. ( The ImAnd while this generation is making PresidencyHeber J. Grant, J. provement Era, January, 1937.)

LEFT, TOP: IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE SITE OVERLOOKING SNAKE RIVER,

NEAR IDAHO FALLS L. D. S. HOSPITAL, LOOKING WEST.

BOTTOM: LOS ANGELES TEMPLE SITE ON SANTA MONICA BOULEVARD, RIGHT, TOP AND BOTTOM: TWO VIEWS OF THE NEW CHICAGO TABERNACLE

NOT FAR FROM WESTW00D VILLAGE. SITE, SHERIDAN ROAD AND CHASE AVENUE.

&s\r\\

Mi

ft:

PS

SITES, AND MARKERS

In Iowa, the state and the DaughIn Los Angeles, in ters of the American Revolution in a region where live

December dedicated a marker honmore than thirty thouoring the Mormon Handcart Piosand members of the neers (See page 229). Church, and in an area

From Chicago, in the State of traversed by the

Illinois, where, until November, Mormon Battalion 1936, no stake of the Church had and partly pioneered been operative since the body of the ( San Bernardino ) by

Church left under stress nearly a the Mormon Pioneers, century ago, has come news of the the Church has now purchase of a site for a Chicago acquired a temple site

Mormon Tabernacle. upon which there will

Comes also the stirring and heartsoon be built another warming news that the Temple site House of the Lord. A

at Nauvoo, dear to the Saints of antemple site has also other generation, has come back into been selected in Idaho

Falls erection for the Church possession. ( See page 226.

first of Idaho's temple.

MT. PISGAH MONUMENT, NEAR It is probable that

CRESTON, IOWA some suitable markers will be arranged for in Europe during this coming summer when the Church commemorates the one hundredth anniversary of TRIUMPH OF THE WEST (NEW FRONTIERS), the taking of the Gospel to Great ASSALTIT LAKEWILL CITYAPPEAR ON TEMPLE SQUARE,

Britain and Europe.

Steps are now being completed for are also to be highly commended for the erection of a glorious work in their work in marking old trails and stone on the renowned "This is the sites of historical interests R. L. E.

place"site where Brigham Young first paused to designate Salt Lake QUARTERS;PARTICIPANTSLEFTANDTO RIGHT,GUESTS PRESIDENTSAT WINTERJ.

Valley as the future location of DAVIDREUBEN0. CLARK,McKAY, JR.,PRESIDENTHEBER J.CARLGRANTR. GRAYAND

W. D. PACIFIC RAILROAD; UNION OF THE Church headquarters.

VICEPRESIDENT, LANE, FIRST OMAHA CHAMThe Aaronic Priesthood, the SHAW,BER OF PRESIDENTCOMMERCE; HON.WOW, DEANDEMMETTPRESIDENTBRADAND REED CLAWSON. RUDGER SM00T Scouts of the Church, and the Utah

L. IN RICHARDS ARE SEEN STEPHEN Trails and Landmarks Association BACKGROUND. THE

A Church acquires nauvoo temple site

KTauvoo the beautiful has long remained a symbol of peace and plenty to countless saints who now rejoice in its repurchase by the flrst presidency for the Church.

NAUVOO TEMPLE, FROM AN ARCHITECT'S DRAWING

Not ready to quit, however.

Brother Wood, quickly drove the

TopurchaseA templelovingof the Nauvoopeople, theTemre- twelveCity tohundredNauvoo,milesarrivingfrom Salton Lakethe ple site by the Church, anevening of February 18, 1937, ready nounced by the First Presidency on. to begin negotiations for the Temple

February 20, 1937, comes as happy lot. At eight o'clock on the follownews. The purchase was effected ing morning he went to the State

by Wilford C. Wood, negotiating Bank of Nauvoo and there met

for the Church at a public sale of Mr. Reinhardt, the cashier, and Mr.

the property. Anton, representing the bank's NAUVOO THE BEAUTIFUL

The temple site, which of recent property interests, and Mr. Leslie

years has been the property of an Reimbold, administrator of the would buy it back at the sale for embarrassed estate represented by estate. These four met in a rear what they had in it, if necessary, to

the Bank of Nauvoo, has been offerroom of the bank from which the protect their interests. A recess oced at public sale on more than one Temple lot was visible. curred, and then Wilford Wood reprevious occasion but each time the Wilford Wood advised these men lates the following:

bank has protected its own interest that he could not afford to pay "the Came back to the bank and in the back by bidding in this property over the price of sentiment"for the lot, could room sat in the most important Council low offers of competitive bidders. not pay the price quoted in their Meeting held in Nauvoo since the Saints

Elder Wood, a member of the High telegram, and would not risk the illwereyears drivenago. fromI pleadedhere nearlyfor the onepricehundredto be

Council of South Davis Stake, has feelings that might be caused by within reason so I could buy the property.

made several pilgrimages to this and competitive bidding. They advised

other sites significant in Church hishim that the property was worth all THEAPPEARSNAUVOOTODAY.TEMPLE SITE AS IT

tory, and has for some time interthey were asking and that they Photo Courtesy John D. Gilesested himself in the acquisition of

the temple lot, and has kept the

Church Authorities informed concerning the matter.

Telegraphic advice that the site was again to be offered at public sale sent Brother Wood to the First

Presidency and the Twelve to learn their wishes concerning the matter.

After discussion, Wilford Wood was authorized to represent the

Church, and to pay not more than $1,000.00 for the property. Since

definite word had already come to

Brother Wood that the Bank of Nauvoo would open the bidding in its own interests at $1000.00 and

that other interested parties might bid higher, this left a difficult problem.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

pieces of property being bidden in by the bank. When the Temple lot

was put up, both Mr. Anton and

Mr. Reimbold nodded to Mr.

Wood. He was the sole bidder, offering $900.00, the bank officials

having previously agreed not to bid nor to influence any other bidder to

NAUVOO TEMPLE, raise his bid. Mr. Anton, Vice

ACTUAL FROM TAKEN NAUPresident of the Nauvoo Bank, enOF PHOTOGRAPH

DURING VOO THE dorsed Mr. Woods'check, and the

PERIOD OF ITS PROSPERITY. Certificate of Purchase was made

out in the name of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The property became the Church's

I told them the Church would put up a once more after nearly one hundred

Bureau of Information which would be a years.

they might thatcredit to what and Nauvoo come The Nauvoo Temple, the second lot would oflose in the price the back to them many times with the people erected by the Saints, was the first who would come back and pay homage to temple in which Church ordinances people, 20,000 city desolate that once hada in their adminisfulness could be

I of told them today. 1,000and only has for tered. In Temple, the Nauvoo of the the Gospel, of true principlesthe

agency of man, and of the worship of the first time in this last dispensaGod according to the dictates of contion, work for the dead as well as science. OF PURCHASE TEMPLE CERTIFICATE the living was performed. NAUV00

TO PRESIDENT BEING DELIVERED HEBER J. They all took cigarettes and offered them

BY WITH DAVID GRANT WILF0RD tea, tasted I neverto told me. had lot, them the addition temple to In WITNESSING 0. McKAY C.THEWOOD,DELIVERY. life.coffee, in them I asked or tobacco Imy impressive view an commands sell which they for would priceto the which name region, of the surrounding could they said previouslyto they had me; destruction. the completed the nado

well the old from sell less includes than purchase for could they seenot how stone of the hauled was away Much though as to seemed and filled. $1500$1000 font the temple no which was for other construction and used limited as could was beagreement itmade it the residents of Nauvoo Among

I structures purposes. these impression of pay. couldto the price AnI One

traditional of knowledge, is a matter I going said: to you me, "Are andcame of erected group French by a was

in seasons, price that drouth although, exorbitantto to try us pay an make in communists Nauvoo who settled Prophet,for the of a martyred when blood failed other wells lower have in Nauin the stone hauled 1850. They rightfully this belongs propertyyou know has site well voo, the high temple

I felt the spirit of built a theto ruins people? the temple from and Mormon

the Prophet Joseph in that room. Mr. Annever been without water. school which remained in use for

$900.00."sell will lot for theton said, "We of the On April 6, 1841, the Prophet several years. Later this same the his then hand, hand I grasped

cashier of the bank and the agreement was Joseph Smith laid the cornerstone of building became a hotel and took the made and signed. the temple, shortly after Nauvoo name Icarion Hotel. Still standwas founded. Before the compleing, it is now used as an apartment

On February 20, 1937, Mr. Wood tion, the Prophet and his brother, house.

hand for the Smith on wereand Mr. asSmith, were Patriarch Hyrum held as a city has always Nauvoo

saleactual conducted which was the exto at sassinated. Contrary affectionate of in the hearts place an

Carthage. From Nauvoo, they rode pectations of the enemies of the Latterday Saints. Within its

in a rainstorm.to Carthage The building Saints, the work of of are the boundaries even today many

1 o'clock, started at 1sale with several President continued temple by was the original early of Church homes

Brigham Young who placed the capleaders. Nauvoo the Beautiful has

FROM RIGHT), WOOD, (SECOND WILF0RD OF stone, May 24, 1845. long been a Mecca for Latterday THE CERTIFICATE SHOWN RECEIVING

FROM TEMPLE NAUVOO OF THE PURCHASE

LEFT) (THIRD MASWhen the Saints were forced to Saints. Last summer, Professor B. FROM NAYL0R SAMUEL

F. Larsen Uniof Brigham Young COURT OF THE CIRCUIT CHANCERY TER the temple Nauvoo, was PICabandon ILLINOIS. THIS COUNTY, OF HANCOCKIN of artists organized a group torversity Fire desecrated and by mobs. IN COURT OF THE FRONT TAKEN WAS TURE

HOUSE IN CARTHAGE. to make the historical journey over

the old trail back to Nauvoo. From

this trip they brought on their return a wealth of pictures from the scenes and homes in and about Nauvoo.

Here, in Nauvoo the Beautiful, which the Prophet loved so well, and where he and his brother Hyrum lie buried, the Church has much to cherish.

Undoubtedly still more Church members will be eager to revisit the scenes of early Church history now that the Church once more owns the

Nauvoo Temple site,—M. C. /.

1 w Jnen wo Sides ofa triangle meet, its a "straight road ahead, and that s no—

BY M. L UPTON APRIL No, all my satisfaction in life would have to come out of my profession. In that, I knew I was a cut

above Whitburn. But he was good; FOOL and he, too, had been making plans

Hall. that City A for been speaking of it only We'd

SHORT that morning when we'd met, and

SHORT he'd lectured me on taking a chance in cutting my time so close—leaving STORY the mailing to the last day! Superior! Irritating!

At Old Pete's cabin, I fished the

As I slogged, I thought mostly of big key out of its accustomed knotDorothy Gay, though I'd given up hole, unlocked the stout door, surged y Deborah Aunt her. of any hopes in, Whitburn Rand and plumped down the big

finished just I had earnest, out for her and in dead diswas basket. Gregg andM

posing of a superlative lunch. Then I'd have had a lot of nerve to think But Old Pete keeps his domicile

declared "Tommy,"Aunt Demy that her slow, old childhood homely, "neat pin,"I'd as a I thought and borah, "you in need a nice walk the neighbor pal would and have the take to time the stuff in his arrange sunshine. midday been You've that ghost of a chance when handpantry, rather than dump it on the duffing into those City Hall plans social vibrating success so some was table. hard that you look like a—a sort of around her. (Continued on page 261

blueprint yourself!"

A few finishing touches were needed on those plans which this rising young architect, Thomas

Gregg, hoped would give him a big boost up the steep and slippery professional ladder. And they had to

be in the mail by eight that evening.

But my Aunt Deborah had been too good, too long, to her orphan nephew, Tommy, for it to be thinkable to turn down any plan of hers if it could possibly be carried out.

So: "Sure, Aunt Deb! Right, as always! More than two hours there

and back?""Tommy Gregg! I believe that

you suspect me of mixed motives!

But it's not more than one hour for those long legs of yours. You see,

Old Pete will probably be back tomorrow morning from his visit to his folks. And Dickie Smith, who

usually takes his supplies down to the cabin, is laid up with measles.

There's only a pot of baked beans, and a loaf of brownbread, and some bacon, and a dozen eggs, and a jar of doughnuts, and—oh, and so

forth.""Okay, Aunt Deb!"

Therefore, shortly I was slogging across the thawing, squashy pasture to Old Pete's personally WINDOW,L DASHED THREWTO THE ONEIT OPEN.TINY

constructed log cabin, at the edge of HEARDNOBODY TWIGSIN SIGHT!SNAP ONBUTTHE my Aunt Deborah's woodlot. OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE CABIN.

Iowa honors the

The bronze plaque, which depicts the

Mormons en route for Salt Lake City, will be placed on an eight ton boulder of naMORMON tive granite. The boulder is a gift of David Denison of North Liberty, and will be

placed on the highway leading to Coralville.

Mrs. Sarah Paine Hoffman, state hisHANDCART torian of the D. A. R., dedicated the tablet. C. L. McKinnon of New London, state

highway commissioner, accepted the marker for the state. Its care and supervision

will be under the Iowa State Highway PIONEERS Commission.

(GOVERNORELECT PROF. B. F. SHAMBAUGHNELSONOFKRASCHEL,THE UNItheProf.DepartmentShambaugh,of Politicalwho is headScienceof

VERSITY OF IOWA, MRS. SARAH PAINE HOFFat the University of Iowa, concluded

MAN, D. A. R. STATE HISTORIAN, AND BRYANT histribute,addressas reportedwith thesein wordsthe Iowaof

S. HINCKLEY, PRESIDENT OF THE NORTHERN PressCitizen of December 17:

STATES MISSION, PAY TRIBUTE AT DEDICATION. This afternoon we recall the patient

heroism of these people who with faith and courage trudged the weary miles between

Iowa City and Salt Lake City on foot, pulling handcarts. or pushing laden heavy of pioto this group America by

spirit of the of appreciation with Today, pioneers,THEofhardshipsthose whoandpushedcontributionsinto the given dedicate the roadside marker to social we great problems have neers.""We

western frontiers in covered solve today, because governments fail just which shall point out to all who pass this wagons has long been heralded and whening economically,"the people believehe pointedthey areout. prospermen,way thewomen,Iowa andCity childrencamping whoplace 80of years1,300

glorified, but the patient endurance Governorelect Kraschel declared that ago dared to put their faith to the test by and longsuffering fortitude of those the tradition "laid down by those Pioneers boldly facing unknown hardships and in to join order those dangers with an inspiration will and to any whom always be is a story handcarts with camewho fortunes. united their the they Like all had in think of the terms common who

told. only to bethat has Anbegun earlier Pilgrims the Puritans day, and of an good."*

other step toward honoring these they made great sacrifice and risked their

F. Prof. Benj. superintendShambaugh, perpetuating andmen and women the of Historical traced Society, State lives for the faith.—R. L. E. heroicthe of their memory history trek achieveentthe the of long Mormons'

ments has now been taken by Iowa. from the time they left Iowa City in June, THE BRONZE TABLET DEDICATED TO THE

OF PIOTHE MEMORY HANDCART MORMON until Salt City, 1856, they reached Lake the old of In the senate chamber NEERS, OF AND THREE PARTHE PRINCIPAL * * * later. three months TICIPANTS AT UNVEILING THE CEREMONY, a Utah, City, State House, IowaIowa S. Hinckley, President of the Bryant RIGHT: LEFT TO GOVERNORELECT NELSON

bronze plaque honoring the MorNorthern States Mission of the Mormon KRASCHEL, MRS. SARAH PAINE HOFFMAN,

HISTORIAN, STATE PROFESSOR BENAND to Chicago, Church, 111., spoke briefly Pioneers of 1856, Handcartmon the JAMIN SHAMBAUGH, SUPERINTENDENT OF a representative as of the Salt HISTORICAL STATEF. SOCIETY THE OF IOWA. 17, 1936, audience dedicated Decemberwas

Daily Church. Iowan Photo. Lake City

in impressive ceremonies conducted under the auspices of the Daughters of the American Revolution and participated in by Governorelect Nelson Kraschel, D. A. R. State Historian, Mrs. Sarah Paine Hoffman,

Professor Benjamin F. Shambaugh

of the University of Iowa and President B. S. Hinckley of the Northern States Mission, representing the

Church. The Daily Iowan of December 18, reports of the affair:

200 Persons Witness Formal Dedication of Bronze Plaque A bronze plaque to be placed on highway No. 6, three miles west of Iowa City,

marking the historic site of the Mormon "handcart brigade,"was formally dedicated yesterday afternoon before a crowd of more than 200 persons in the Senate Chamber of Old Capitol.

Governorelect Nelson G. Kraschel of

Harlan, whose address was one of the highlights of the program under the auspices of the Iowa Daughters of the American Revolution, said: "We can't overlook

or forget the most important inspiration foimOti

viser's Council. Elder Durham succeeds Chicago, as a building site for the ChiFather Kanoska, Roman Catholic adcago Stake Chapel.

viser at the Los Angeles Junior College. Feb. 21, 1937.

Feb. 18, 1937. The Franklin Stake was reorganized

The Church announced today the with Leslie W. Merrill as president,

purchase of the northwest corner of Henry H. Rawling as first counselor

Sheridan Road and Chase Avenue, and Karl H. Cutler as second counselor.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED FEBRUARY 1,—DEPARTED FEBRUARY IS. 1937

First row, left to right: Gerald L. Peterson, Raymond Green, Mrs. Violet I. Gates, Mamie L. Pierson,

Corine Lambert, Verda Crawford, Lela C. Cox, Ross D. Holmes, Hugh T. Stanford.

Second row, left to right: Grant Jackson, Leo M. Turnbow, Arthur H. Hudman, Walter D. Woffinden,

Ferrell Thomas, Dee I. Andreasen, William J. McEntiHe, Ross S. Layton.

Third row, left to right: Clarence E. Shelley, Wallace Wightman, Victor Smith, Anna L. Madsen, Inez

E. Martineau, Bernice Fowles, James Fugal, H. John Fridal, Lynn J. Iverson.

Fourth row, left to right: Harold Price, Louis C. Holder, William G. Woffinden, Coe R. Larkin, LaGrand

Cordon, Lynn C. Goodrich, Ray C. Johnson, Marcelles Lewis.

Fifth row, left to right: Weldon M. Mathis, Elmer E. Settler, Owen Poulson, Claytor E. Chantrill, Simon

row, left Sixth to right: L. Oviatt, Clifford P. Richey, Merrill G. Christensen, George A. Francom, Homer

Darrel S. Walker, Hollings. Spencer D. Madsen, Swartz, Lawrence EDWARD P. KIMBALL PASSES Zuniga,George Jay C. Stout, Clarence A. Stanger, Clifford Merrell, Harold Nelson.

Seventh row, left to right: Carlyle Dahlquist, George W. Bench, Jacob Bautista, David J. Purdy, Raymond

J. S. Lowell Herbert, Yancy, Jr. L. Neal, Gerald Strebel, Paul Brough, Owen P. Kimball, 15, March Edward r\N

left right: row, J. to Eighth Victor Dunford, Donald Bingham, Barrus, P. Malquist, Burns Theodore Floyd - the organist, for Tabernacle and E. Beagley, Buxton. Mumford, King Burt M. W. Murphy, Werner

left row, right: Ninth 1 E. Anderson, B. Allen, Luzellf A. Black, Darl to Wilde, Arlo Smith, C. Leo John past director four organist years and

Tate, V. A. Sorensen, Becraft. George H. Chester Ralph A. Norman Kmetzsch, of of the the of Information Bureau left J. right: row, Tenth Peterson, Loveland, Dibb, Leland to Smith, George N. C. Don Don

Chmch in Washington, D. C, died Christensen, 0. Kenneth Sandburg, J. Wyley Sessions, director. Arbon

following a brief illness.

Since 1903, when Elder Kimball was first appointed Tabernacle organist, he has thrilled countless numbers of

Saints and visitors to Utah with his music. From 1933 to the present time,

as lecturer, guide, and organist in

Washington, he delighted not only members of the Church there but also introduced the Gospel message to many who had not heard it before.

His capability extended to fields other than his music. He filled two

missions for the Church; was an active

member of the Rotary Club in Utah, having served as its president, and at the time of his death was serving his second year as secretary of that organization in Washington, D. C.

Elder Kimball is survived by his father, Albert H. Kimball; his wife,

Hazel Beatie Kimball; and two children, Edward B. Kimball and Marion

Kimball Corbett.

Feb. 15, 1937.

The 12th annual leadership week of

South Central, Idaho, convened at

Burley, Idaho.

LAKE LEAVING SALT MISSIONARY THE HOME FROM MISSIONARIES FOR THE 1937. 28, Feb.

IS, 1937 ARRIVED MARCH MARCH FIELD1—DEPARTED Melba The Durfee, Mattkin, Gladys Carol Bernardo, Marjorle Leota Johnson, Rose Guyman, Branch of the Boise First row, left to right,

Stake, was organized as the Melba Lions Paul, Ellis B. Curtis, Laura Hill, Mrs. Charlotte Jensen.

Ward. Albert A. Wilde was sustained W. Hymas,Second Ednarow, Albey,left to Blaineright: Marshall,Louis G.ClydeRoundy,Watson,Shir] CarlosSwenson,P. Cutler,Charles RalphM. Ludlow,Jones. H. Eugene Nielsen, Dell

as Bishop with Ernest L. Wood as Third row, left to right: Mrs. J. W. Sessions, William M. Jex, Max C. Wilson, Fern Steed, Rosa Borfuss,

First Counselor and Noah L. Mattson MarjieFourthJeppson,row,W.leftDewainto right:Hendricks,Carlos W.FrancisStone,S. D.Eason,RussellKarlHendricks,R. Fenn,OrvelOleenMecham,Adams.Arlo B. Shumway, Arnold

as Second Counselor, Gurr, Jack Elmer Milner, Eldon A. Mortensen, Sherman H. Dangerfield, Kay Guymon, J. W. Sessions, Director.

Fifth row, left to right: Glen Morris, John Jay Claybourn, Ralph E. Simpson, Glen H. Grimmett, George

Honor Accorded Latterday Saint E. Andrews,Sixth row,J. Ralphleft toMecham,right: PercyWendellCollyer,C. Cornia,Blair HowardFindly, A.ElmerHeusser,Bingham.Joseph S. Rollins, Joseph B. Wirthlin,

/"i Homer Durham has been electCharlesSeventhH. Marchant,row, left Macto right:C. Matheson,Ferris Johnson,Ben R. RoyAllen,Wiendorf,Jack Berry,Paul Backman,Win. Redd.A. Marden Duke, Arthur Francom,

Darrell Allred, Gardner. B. Daiton, B. Mendenhall, Richard Rulon Lawrence the Religious of ed chairman

row, Olson, Rigby, C. E. C. right: Eighth Ashby, Joseph Taylor, J. Rsscoe LeRoy left to William Don Adviser's Council Conference of Los Zollinger. Phillips, Earl Moser, Hunt, A. Talbot, Ray George Raymond E. Max M. Holt,

Angeles Junior College. Church eduNinth row, left to right: Clarence D. Samuelson, Edward B. Wimmer, Jack Brailsford, Wilmar A. Nichols,

cators and clergymen form the AdDelmarTenthOlson,row,Lawrenceleft to right:M. Broadhead,Ross W. Hansen,Barr E. MarionQuist, I.LeRoyVance,G. JohnSweat,R. VernonBuswell, H.FerrelPeterson.Carter, John H. Young.

CHRIST SPEAKS THROUGH YOU THE PRODIGAL'S BROTHER AN EASTER THOUGHT

SPEAKS By Claire Stewart Boyer By Viola Hamilton Anderson

By Bess Samuel Ayres once, pity, gently turned eyes your youIN apart, alone, abashed, stood one who To Each night he talked of distant Joppa's UpThefromendtheoftrialall ofHisthepaincross,and strife,

To one who was not brave and was not lure, Came—not the emptiness of loss

wise Damascus, and the river Parphar's charm, But promise of eternal life.

In wisdom of the head or of the heart; Until the visions goaded him to leave;

That day a yearning angel held your hand I too would fain have left my father's farm. New leaves spring forth where dead leaves

And glory shone upon your tender face, fell,

And all your earthingredients were banned But some there be who lightly drop their New flowers and grass are showing

In this the presence of a higher grace. load, green;

binds duty some And whom will is well; birds with iron New chirrup—all first fair turning the to the Light, bands;It was life has been! for what New

first that soul had father I could compassion your here alone, not leaveThe my known, With ageddimmed eyes and helpless, fumSo in my life where failure was,

But since, these many years, no word can bling hands. Discouragement and bitter pain;

blight Now, on this Easter Morn, I pause

The weak, you will defend him quite alone; Now back to port he comes in beggar rags, To gain new hope and life again.

Should Judas ask if he might not be shriven, With memories to gild the long, long nights;

"In Jesus'name,"you'd say, "Thou art Secure and safe, I dream of—flocks and

forgiven."grain

share vicariously his garnered sights. VOICES And

By Vera Greaves APRIL RAIN DAYS There are voices in the silence

By Kathrya Kendall By Queena Davison Miller Of the first faint dawn.

Voices of so many men A day gentle rains are April A crystalis suchbeadeda lovelyday thing:of spring; So many centuries gone. tender things: ** they fall For on

The newest blade Or one of honeytinctured hours The music of a shepherd boy

From out the seed, Woven of wingshadowed flowers; Drifts through the misted air.

The baby shoot Or such as spicy autumn lays I cannot hear the mirthful sound,

Of flower or weed, Across the vineyard's purpled ways. I only feel it there.

And the fledglings'downy wings. But oh, the days that winter spills

Upon the silence of the hills The noble's silver laughter

Upon my face the quiet sift Is a vague persistent part

Of snow—a perfect gift! Of the muffled beating voices

DEPTHS OF CALM And the peasant's toiling heart.

By Kenneth P. Wood Tales that Homer uttered

the sea, of swelling surface clear clashes above the ComeTHE His halfforgotten lore release; without beat roar. wild winds tribesmen's savage The Of the

Yet, far below are depths of calm

Where storm and tumult cease. The fall of nations—conquered

Their black, despairing cries,

So some great soul, whose duty lies Are shadows of a past world

Mid scenes of care and strife, That never really dies.

Within his heart, unvexed, may keep

A pure and placid life. So close beneath the stillness

Of the morning's distant glow,

The thunder of these voices Is a silent undertow.

PATTERNS By Zara Sabin HARBINGER OF SPRING (After Marba C. Josephson's editorial PatBy Mary C. Shaw SONG

terns, in the January Era) welcome guest in my acacia tree By Helen McMahan

I the gray midst morning, spied one A quilt is like LIFE a patchwork a rainswept I saw gold, and TodayMY gray; bright or pieces are days The April sky. there, splendor blooming the in hidden Half

thread the are minutes hours andThe little all dreams cold. fleeing winter's And birdtourist my shy A day. stitch born each I new whichWith sailing by; Went

'Twas robinred-breast from a northern They brot me happy thots

If I am wise I'll make my quilt clime; Of beauteous things

By our Eternal Father's plan, In crisp October he had chirped farewell, From out the dusk

Choose carefully each pattern piece Then brushed his new fall coat and took Of love's rememberings.

And each day's threads for shoddy scan. the air

With flowers and sunshine here awhile to

Not one day heedless throw away, dwell.

Nor waste of hours a priceless part, LIFE'S SCROLL

But work on constant to the end But when the days grow long, and snowOf life, and leave a work of art; banks melt, By Edna S. Dustin

Back to that wellloved home his way he'll

That some one following may see wing Sorrow is the ink indelible

And thereby make his life more fine To sing his "Plurus, plurus,"night and Strength uses to mark on life's scroll,

A perfect piece, its beauty rare morn; And time is the cord that ties secure

Because he patterned after mine! Dear crimsonvested harbinger of spring! The parchment that courage must roll.

fcdit&iiaL

of the Ten Commandments, the Beatitudes, and

If it not, other conduct. Eternal of does Codes

it is {Pro 9 ress cast accept it does, the conaway; if it. Such

is vital existence; the of man's measure Orogress dition of progress for all the A. W. world.—/. the the test of the condition of the Church;

direction of eternal life. Unending, continuous progress is the high ideal and earnest hope of every Ljouth Una Uge

Latterday Saint. The Church travels towards

its divine destiny upon the path of progress. HThere is popularly supposed to be a basis of

Increase in membership, in meetinghouses, taberfundamental misunderstanding between youth nacles, and temples, in general Church conformity and age. There is allegedly a lack of common

to Gospel requirements, in the world's greater ground between the young man who is beginning the serious work of life and his elders who are goodwill—as briefly shown in this issue of the Era

nearer the other end of the journey. In some—are marks of progress. The new convert has

sought and found truth; he who has donated means quarters, there is a growing sentiment on the part

to make possible the construction of sacred edifices of youth for "shelving"the man of ripened has tasted the sweetness of sacrifice; whoever has wisdom; and, on the part of age, for discounting

conformed to the practices of the Church has won the contributions that youth is able to make.

the strength that comes from obedience; friends But under the Lord's plan, in the Church of

who speak well of us have discovered the Church's Jesus Christ, such is not the case. Here there is

foundation of intelligent, sincere virtue. Truth, a common meeting ground. Here superficial'difsacrifice, obedience, virtue—these are component ferences are given no undue weight—and the matparts of progress. ter of a score or two or three score years in age, as

The formula for progress is simple. First, the men count time, is a superficial difference in the

eternal laws of the universe must be accepted and life of eternal man. The difference between sixteen

respected; second, these laws must be applied, and sixty in a life that begins at birth and ends at

wisely, to the needs of the day. A changing death could be substantial, but the difference beworld must not ask that fundamentals be changed, tween sixteen and sixty in a life bounded only by

but may request new applications of unchanging the limits of eternity is virtually lacking.

truth. The command that man shall not steal or When the wisdom of mellowed age is blended

lie can never be abrogated, no matter what changes with the spirit of eternal youth the result is thoughtmay occur in human society. The pattern of ful living, ceaseless striving and limitless achieving.

progress may vary, but it is always woven with When these two companion together, there you the same threads. will find progress tempered with sane restraint,

The story of governments illustrates the law of ambition modified by high regard for principle, progress. Throughout the centuries governmental present opportunities evaluated in the light of

experiments have been offered mankind. New eternal verities and immediate rewards measured

theories of government have been proposed as by ultimate values. And when, in the providences

panaceas for all human ills, chiefly economic. of the Lord, these elements find harbor in one man,

Whenever these new ventures have ignored the it is a superb gift for the blessing of mankind and invariable laws of nature and God, they have for the leadership of the world.

fallen, dismally defeated by their own errors, and, Sacred history records that the Lord is no redespite periods of prosperity, have caused human specter of persons, and his choice of men, young misery and suffering. Many fanciful, often demen and old, will bear out this statement of fact.

ceitful, experiments in government, curealls, conAnciently his spokesmen were young and old.

temptuous of eternal law, are offered the world toModernly the choice has been likewise distributed.

day. They shrivel under the clear light of history. Since the Gospel restoration the Lord has called inThey should be tested by the true standards of life to the service of Apostleship young men under

and conduct. their thirties and seasoned voyagers closely apAmerica offers an example of a government proaching the traditional threescore and ten.

founded upon unchanging principles. Its cornerWe rejoice that there is today in Israel a prophet,

stone is the recognition of human rights. Its who, like his predecessors, combines the indomitable

foundation is a Constitution devised by men espespirit of youth with the mellowed wisdom of age and cially raised up by God for the purpose. The speaks with the voice of authority under the inconcern of America has been the use of the prinspiration and authorization of God. And, "as for

ciples imbedded in the Constitution to supply the me and my house,"to use the noble phrase of an needs of its citizens, and to provide progress for ancient prophet, we would rather have our temporal the nation. The epic story of America reveals the and spiritual destinies in the hands of timemel-

brilliant, beneficent results of such a government. lowed wisdom administered with youthful outlook,

The Constitution has been chart and compass, eneven as today, but we will follow with gladness of gine and anchor, for the American ship of state, and heart and singleness of purpose whomsoever the the voyage has been a safe and a glorious one. Lord chooses to lead his people, be it a fourteen

Our present day is confused, seems uncertain. year old boy as it was in the days of Joseph Smith

The veil is dense before our eyes. Every Latterwhen direct communication was first reestablished

day Saint, in every land, should determine whether with the heavens, or be it a veteran of life well bean economic, social, or political proposal squares yond his fourscore mark, as it was in the days of with the simple, allembracing, lifesaving doctrine Lorenzo Snow.—R, L. E.

SALT LAKE TEMPLE

Latest Interior Views (January, 1937) here published for the first time. TOP:BOTTOM:CELESTIALTERRESTRIALROOM. ROOM.

Photos by D. F. Davis. Copyright 1937 by Heber J. Grant, Trusteein-Trust of

the Church of Jesus Christ. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited*

SALT LAKE TEMPLE Taken under the direction of the Radio, Publicity, and

Mission Literature Committee of the Council of the

Twelve, under the direction of the First Presidency, TWO VIEWS OF THE MAIN ASSEMBLY ROOM.

Photos by D. F. Davis. Copyright 1937 by Heber J. Grant, Trusteein-Trust of

the Church of Jesus Christ. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

INTERIOR VIEWS

These are the first and only interior views of the Salt

Lake Temple taken in more than twentyfive years—since the original set was taken for the book—"The House of TOP: THE SEALING ROOM FOR THE DEAD.

the Lord."BOTTOM: THE BAPTISTRY,

Photos by D. F. Davis. Copyright 1937 by Heber J. Grant, Trusteein-Trust of

the Church of Jesus Christ. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

SALT LAKE TEMPLE

These and other interior Salt Lake Temple views will TOP:IDENCYCOUNCILAND THEROOMTWELVEOF APOSTLES.THE FIRST PRESbe published in a new Temple booklet for distribution to CENTER: THE GARDEN ROOM.

missionaries and Temple visitors. BOTTOM: THE ARCHIVES, TEMPLE ANNEX.

Photos by D. F. Davis. Copyright 1937 by Heber ]. Grant, Trusteein-Trust of

the Church of Jesus Christ. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

INTERIOR VIEWS The New Temple booklet, soon to be released, is being prepared under the direction of the Radio, Publicity, and Mission Literature Committee of TOP: THE WORLD ROOM (LOOKING WEST).

the Council of the Twelve, by appointment of the First Presidency. CENTER:BOTTOM: LOWERTHE WORLDLECTUREROOM ROOM.(LOOKING EAST).

|f

Photos by D..F. Davis. Copyright 1937 by Weber /. Grant, Trusteein-Trust of

the Church of Jesus Christ. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

SALT LAKE TEMPLE Latest Interior Views (January, 1937) heretofore unpublished. Authorized especially for the new missionary TOP: COUNCIL ROOM OF THE TWELVE

APOSTLES. visitor to booklet soon Temple and be released, and in which

BOTTOM: ASSEMBLY ROOM IN THE TEMPIE

interior will other appear. views Temple ANNEX.

V. * *.*4V

Photos bu D. F. Davis. Coputight 1937 bit Heber J. Grant, Trusteein-Trust of

the Church of Jesus Christ. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

Mormon scouts "CAROL"NATION'S

GREETING CARD PRESENTED TO DR. WESTBY SCOUT TROOP 223. SCOUT CHIEF

By C ERWIN NELSON

Christmas carols rang from the door steps of Chief Scout Executive James E. West,

who had anticipated a quiet evening at home Christmas Eve. As the

Grand Old Man of Scouting stepped out upon the porch, a chorus of "Merry Christmas"arose heartily from the steps below. And then the

lusty youthful voices to the accompaniment of mandolin and guitar burst into the strains of "O Little

Town of Bethlehem."

The Scouts of Troop 223, Flushing, New York, sponsored by the

L. D. S. Queens Ward, journeyed up SERENADERS AND DR. WESTto New Rochelle to pay tribute to the scout and said: "This was almost

man who has done so much for a surprise tonight; but I rather sioner, George Luke, Chairman of

American youth and to add another suspected something was going to the Troop Committee, C. E. "Star"

spark to the warmth of Christmas happen because my wife saw to it Nelson, Scoutmaster, and Howard spirit by tendering him a personal that I stayed downstairs near the Cullimore, Assistant Scoutmaster.

greeting. window, every time I started to go Troop 223 was organized over a

The troop presented Dr. West upstairs to the library."year ago with Dr. Harvey Fletcher

with a novel Christmas greeting, a Accompanying the Troop to exas Chairman of the Committee. At

card made of birch bark and trimtend the greetings were other mempresent every boy of Scout age in med with arbor vitae and pine cones, bers of the ward associated with the ward is an active member of the and a yule log significantly decoratScouting, and W. C. Wessell, NaTroop. In addition several boys not

ed Dr. West warmly thanked the tional Director of Cubbing, Stephen members of the Church have joined;

troop. He shook hands with each Fletcher, Neighborhood Commisthe Troop.

Cx

SCOUT TROOP WITH DR. WEST

Front row, left to right: Harvey Fletcher, John

Luke, Wilford Merrill, Rohert Fletcher, George Luke (committee chairman).

Second row, left to right: Herbert Claussen,

James Fletcher, Homer Stephens, Voleo Benson.

John Hansen, Stephen Fletcher (neighborhood commissioner), Richard Malcomson.

Third row, left to right C. Erwin Nelson (Scoutmaster), Howard Cullimore (Assistant Scoutmaster),

Blair Luke, Dr. West (Chief Scout Executive), Hal

Jones.

The story of our—Hymns—spired First Smith's entitled a painting Prayer"by "TheWToseph D. By PYPER GEORGE First artist Vision"executed an by is greatest the based upon the Superintendent General of C. Christenson. C. Des named that event occurred has in eret School First Sunday Union and j It is surprising that of the none It latter inspired days.these was Assistant the Chairman Church of first writers intimately of song wrote the Smith's Prophetby Joseph own Committee Music

first vision. the Pratt's Parley P.

vision of the Fatheraccount of the "An Angel From on High"andand the Son; and his story is the

to referred Mortals"Ye thatbest can background be offered XVIII. (Joseph Smith s "Hark, and Cumorah The Book Morof thisas to the origin of hymn. He mon. William Phelps * penned W.

:says of the Restoration. Evan "I was one day reading the Epistle of QJtrst crraer many songs

James, first chapter and fifth verse, which Stephens'hymn "The Voice of God reads: 'If any of you lack -wisdom, let is Heard Again"climaxed the great

to all of that givethhim ask God, men pageant of 1930; but it was reserved

liberally, it shall upbraideth not; and and to George for young Manwaring him.'be given

"Never did any passage of scripture translate into song "Joseph Smith's come with more power to the heart of man First Prayer". It was first sung in

this this to time mine. than did at It seemed public in the Fourteenth AsWard

feelingto force great into enter every with

Hall, a sembly Salt Lake City, by I reflected heart. it againof and on my

again, knowing that if any person needed young girl named Sarah Ann Kirkwisdom from. God, I did; for how to act I man who became the wife of Patri-

I get unless could anddid not know, more arch Joseph Keddington, whose

I never had, then than I wouldwisdom know; for the teachers of religion of the family is noted for its wonderful

different sects understood the same passages musical ability.

of scripture so differently as to destroy George Manwaring's simple lines all in confidence settling the guestion by poetize three of the greatest truths

Bible. appeal to thean

"At length I came to the conclusion that WORDS BY of the Mormon faith: First, the

I must either remain in darkness and conpower and efficacy of prayer, and

GEORGE directs,fusion, else MANWARING or I must do as James in the validity of the promise made to the that is, I at length ask came of God. BY MUSIC the epistle of that "if (1:5) James concluding of to 'ask God,'determination

that if he gave wisdom to them that lacked ADAM CRAIK SMYTH any of you lack wisdom let him ask liberally, not give all liberandwisdom, and would of that to giveth God, men biographical sketch a With of

I venture.upbraid, might it ally shall not upbraideth and and by George Manwaring this, in deaccordance "So, with my reality given him."be Second: The I retired to the to oftermination God, ask L. A. MRS. STEVENSON evil, is in the of of the which power It the the to attempt. onwoods was make

the sun, brightness of head, the which above in beautiful, clear early of almost day,morning a world overcame which and it fell until me. gradually descended upon twenty.the spring of eighteen hundred and his the while he Prophet on was I "It than found sooner appeared no myIt first life in that time the I had was my in the knees Third: self Grove. Sacred the delivered held which from enemy all amidst for attempt, such anmade my

light rested the bound. upon me me When of personality the revealing of The I attheanxieties yet as never had made

I brightness Personages, two whose saw to vocally.tempt pray for Father, the the Son; and God,

all description, standing glory defy and I to retired the place "After where had their persons beheld and Joseph air. in of the spake them above me OneI to go, designed having previously had

said, It calling their great voices. me, name, unto and a heard by me was alone, finding myself me,looked and around

is pointing to the other—'This Beloved my latter glorious 'theophany and dayI to offer the kneeled began and up down

Him!* Son. Hear Idesires scarcely to of heart God. had my in disthe a manifestation ushering

the of instructed Lord Joseph was seized so, immediatelydone I was when times. of fulness of pensation the

entirely question, overpower"to the which which in answer someupon by and is the greatest of which This vision astonishing me, an andcame had such right, writes: sects he the of were

literininfluence record sacred to as so tongue have any bind over we me my I join "I that must none answered was

Ithat darkness speak. not could Thick far ature. occasion, other so no all for the On of them, they wrong; were and

it togathered me, around and seemed me all said that addressed Personage as me the who did both and Father know, we I iffor to time as sudden a were doomed in their creeds abomination His an were at to the time appear one any Sondestruction. all corsight; professors that those were

all call exerting is to powers upon "But other my man. That Joseph why that: to rupt; 'they with near draw me

this deliver the of to out of power meGod greatest that seer the lips, Smith their far their are hearts me; from was but

at seized me, and which upon hadenemy for the doctrines teach they commandments lived. ever

I sink tothe very ready moment was when godliness, of but of they having form a men, into deto despair myself and abandon thereof.'the power deny Composer to ruin, The to imaginary but anstruction—not ioin to with any again forbade me "He

actualthe of being from some power things of other did them; he and many wrote Craik Smyth, who 'world, Adamthe marvelous such unseen had who I this write at unto cannot say me, which

felt I in before never as any hadpower to Smith's music the Joseph time."

alarm, of great at this moment First February Prayer"inwas born impression, Visual however, light exactly of overbeing—justI saw a pillar my Lancashire, at Manchester, 29, 1 840, the creased desire of George Man-

*The Pearl of Great Price: Extracts from waring to write the song, for he reEngland. Like William Fowler

the Writings of Joseph Smith, Ch. 2:1117. cords that he was immediately inwho wrote "We Thank Thee, O

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

God, for a Prophet,"Adam C. were Maggie Freeze, Minnie Felt,

Smyth was a pupil of Sir Isaac PitEmma Crisman, A. Pederson, A.

man, the originator of the shorthand Kelson, Johnny World, Heber S.

system, and held a diploma awarded Goddard, Rilly Pratt, Lilly Taylor, by Sir Isaac. He emigrated to Utah and N. Hawley.

early in 1864, reaching Salt Lake Professor Smyth added much to

City in October. Strange to say, the musical culture of his day. His

he had never heard of the Latterday children were Sarah E. Anderson,

Saints until he reached the valley. A. C. Smyth, Jr., Herbert E. Smyth,

Then he became interested in the Rhoda E. Nelson, Frederick D.

Gospel. He moved to Mendon, Smyth, Laura M. Chapman, Wm.

Cache County, where he was bap- H. Smyth, and Frances M. Smyth.

tized. From Mendon he returned George Manwaring

to Salt Lake City and for several years engaged in school teaching Biographical Sketch by Mrs. L. A.

and the profession of music. Among Stevenson

his pupils were John D. Spencer, (TIeorge Manwaring was born in

H. G. Whitney, B. H. Goddard, Sandback, Cheshire, England,

Charles B. and George F. Felt, and GEORGE MANWARING on the 19th of March, 1854, the son

other well known and popular of Henry and Sarah Barber Manyouths of that day. Mr. Spencer, waring. (Spelled Mainwaring in

the only surviving member of those that country. ) He had three brothnamed, remembers Adam Smyth as Joseph Smith's First Prayer ers and two sisters. The family emi-

a most interesting character. By George Manwaring grated to America in 1871, after

Mr. Smyth later moved to Founhaving joined the Church of Jesus

the morning! lovely was Saints. Latterday Christ of They tain to Green, then Manti, he where OHOW

the above, sun beamed Radiant first and City in Salt Lake local choir directed the and became birds settled sweet were humming, Bees a recorder in the Manti Temple, a singing, later permanently in Springville, position which he held until his Music ringing through the grove, Utah.

death, January 12, 1909. When within the shady woodland, As a young man in England,

Professor Smyth was an accomJoseph sought the God of love. George was apprenticed to a draper,

plished musician. He understood Humbly kneeling, sweet appealing and his artistic nature expressed

harmony and counterpoint and com- 'Twas the boy's first uttered prayer itself in soft lines and lovely colors.

sin assailing of the pow'rs When to sing loved Manwaring George anthems. posed tunes and many

Filled his soul with deep he City to Salt Lake on coming his compositions despair, and are printed Eight of still, trusted But undaunted he in Latterday Saint Hymns, and six In his heav'nly Father's care; joined the Fourteenth Ward Choir,

in Deseret Sunday School Songs. where he met Electa Stevenson,

a light descended, Suddenly Stevthe late of daughter written for those Edward the Sunday Among far than sun, noonday StevenWilliams Emily Smith's School enson and are "Joseph a shining, pillar glorious First AndBrighter

Prayer,""Never Be Late,"Zion O'er him fell, around him shone, son. These two young people had

Stands with Hills Surrounded,"While appeared two heav'nly beings, interests in common which led to "Beautiful Mountain Home,""Jesus God the Father and the Son. mutual affection and they were marBids me Shine,"and "Come Along, "Joseph, this is my Beloved, ried in the Endowment House on

Come Along."Hear Him!"oh, how sweet the word! October 26, 1874. Seven children

Professor Smyth did not conJoseph's humble prayer was anwere born to them. One son,

swered, fine his activities to Church and he listened to the Lord. Harold Manwaring, gave his life in And

Sunday School music, for he organOh, what rapture filled his bosom, France during the great World ized a Juvenile Opera Company and For he saw the living God. War.

on July 21st and 23rd, 1879, proSoon after coming to Utah he was duced, in the Salt Lake Theatre, Gilemployed by the Z. C. M. I., and is

bert and Sullivan's "Pinafore,"reADAM CRAIK SMYTH said to have decorated the first winpeating it December 16th, 18th, and dow in that institution. He later

20th. Later, April 2nd to 7th, 1880, HP became a bookkeeper in Teasdel's

Smyth's company was reorganized '&$&-:||$8: Dry Goods Store and afterward a

for offered Calder's salesman Musicand Grand Com- "The - jll revival of "Pinafore."the atmosgave a heand pany. Here was in Duchess"H- -IPslissiii

Again, May 2nd and 3rd, 1881, this phere he loved most. He learned to

enterprising musician produced play very well and would often sit "The Pirates of Penzance".* down to the organ and sing to his

The children who took the prinown accompaniment, both at home cipal parts in these performances and in public gatherings.

Circle"for "The Home He edited years, lived sixtynine * Professor Smyth inperiod also became and 29thbut he a short born on February as he was was able to enjoy only seventeen birthdays. terested in art, studying for a while

Perhaps it was this fact that attracted him with the late John Hafen.

to "The Pirates of Penzance"which cenWhile George Manwaring's anin thetered contained paradox amusing in cestors were at one time wealthy and thatthe opera, the tenor hero had while lived twentyone years, counting by birthowned estates in England under a days he was a little boy of five. {Concluded on page 242)

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

"O ecently THE question arose whethtent with his calling the latter should "Deturning to the thought expressed *** er or not a man holding the Melaccede to his wishes; and if there in our opening paragraph, we recchizedek Priesthood, and who was should be anything wrong he who ognize that there is a side to the quesknown to be in good standing in the makes the request as the head of the tion that must not be lost sight of, as

into the brother to has called house which should adupon be Church, to enignore be to that view would is If that therefor. responsible his come, sick to minister the outside o ward in the of the midst a condition courage

of to necessary a asks anything stake, household head or whether and it was

Saints confusion. with pregnant We call for the brother to sake done be which upon of Church always some

whose standing was within the particdiscipline, or to fulfill the revelations have found occasionally that men ular stake. The answer to this and of the Lord should be placed on the blessed with some peculiar gift of the

other important questions pertaining to records of the Church, he should see Spirit have exercised it in an unwise, the exercise of the authority of Priestto it that the necessary details are shall we say, improper manner. For

hood, is given in the following article supplied and recorded. instance, brethren strongly gifted with

by President Joseph F. Smith and pubWe further believe that the rights the power of healing have visited far

lished originally in the Instructor, of fatherhood in all faithful, worthy and near among the Saints (to the

January 15, 1902: men are paramount, and should be recneglect sometimes of other duties) unognized by all other men holding potil it has almost become a business

THE MASTER OF THE HOUSE sitions or callings in the Priesthood. with them, and their visits to the homes

"VJi 7e have been told of an incident To make this idea plainer we will say, of the Saints have assumed somewhat * "which occurred a few weeks ago, as an example of our idea, we do not the character of those of a physician, when a Bishop's counselor (and thereconsider it proper in a Bishop or other and the people have come to regard fore a High Priest), from a remote officers to suggest that the son of such the power so manifested as though settlement, while visiting Salt Lake a man (the son himself not being the coming from the man, and he himself

City, refused to administer to his sishead of a family but living with his has sometimes grown to so feel, and ter's child who was dangerously sick, father) be called upon a mission withnot that he was simply an instrument for the reason that he was outside his out first consulting the father. The in the hands of God of bringing blessown ward. Priesthood was orginally exercised ings to their house. This view is exThis brother must have had a misin the patriarchal order; those who held ceedingly unfortunate when indulged

understanding of the authority of his it exercised their powers first by right in, and is apt to result in the displeasIt the has sometimes of Lord. It is so their with the ure of fatherhood. diffident. office Whatover or he was

this possessing brother in the ended strongest and great His first Elohim. in not justified cause ever the he was

"his refusal. His authority to bless in claim on our love, reverence, and gift, if he encouraged such a feeling,

the name of the Lord was not conobedience is based on the fact that losing his power to bless and heal. Defined to his ward; no Elder's opporHe is the Father, the Creator of all partures from the recognized order and

tunity for doing a purely good deed mankind. Without Him we are not, discipline of the Church should thereshould be confined to a ward or any and consequently we owe to Him exfore be discountenanced and discourother limit, and when he went into a istence and all that flows therefrom aged. Not, however, from any feeling

house and the head of that household all we have and all that we are. Man on the part of the presiding officer that

his or that is being invaded, is domain typhis Priesthood the holy it was possessing of him a requestmade such beis imperilled authority individual earth But as men on ical of Him. right or his privilegeclearly not only

but his duty to comply. Indeed, we cannot act in God's stead as His repcause a stranger brother administers by

believe that every man holding the resentatives without due authority, apinvitation therein; but because nothing

Priesthood, in good standing in the pointment and ordination naturally folshould be done that would bring disdis- or truth of cause credit the on right to take the has is low. man supreme home, No a ownsChurch, who the for of our the God, name honor on be he except this to himself, honor anand household, whenin his own must and are His glory the and honor the channels through called requests it of God he enters and brotherother

the latter to perform any duty consisthat He recognizes and has empowered. ever be accorded to Him.

THE STORY OF OUR HYMNS (Concluded from page 241) the Temple,"an old favorite of forhaps inspired the writing of so many lordship, George himself had few ty years ago, "Day of Rest,""Welpoems of a sacred character.

advantages. He was selftaught, come to Our Union Meeting,""SacGeorge Manwaring married, a

but not uneducated, and had high ramental Hymn,""Beautiful Mounsecond time, a young woman named ideals. As stated before, he had an tain Home,""Sing and Pray,"and Martha Whitaker. To them were

artistic temperament and a love for "Welcome, Happy Sunday."Also born three sons. He was but 35

nature and one of the happy mem- "Sweet Sabbath Day,""Children years of age when he died. Weakories of his life in England was of Gladly Join and Sing,"'Tis Sweet ened in body he succumbed to pneugathering the dainty yellow primto Sing the Matchless Love,""Welmonia on the 7th of July, 1889.

roses which grew in the meadows. come, Welcome,""We Meet Again To those who sing his sweetly

After joining the Church and comin Sabbath School,""Lord We Ask simple songs these words of the ing to Utah he began to write, exThee 'Ere We f Part,""Sing We poet Aldrich have a deeper meanpressing his feelings and emotion in Now at Parting,"and many others, ing:

poems many of which have been set the original copies of all being now to music. The one best known is in the possession of his family. Ten "They do not die who leave their thoughts

"Joseph Smith's First Prayer."of these are published in Deseret Imprinted on some deathless page.

Other hymns composed by George Sunday School Songs. He was of a Themselveswrought may pass, the spell they

Manwaring are, "We Want to See deeply religious nature. This perEndures on earth from age to age."

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

STANDARD QUORUM First and Second Deacons Quorums, LEADERSHIP MEETINGS AT

AWARDS Raymond First Ward, Taylor Stake. APRIL CONFERENCE Teachers Quorum, Redmesa Ward,

'"Phe following information is necesYoung Stake. HPhe regular semiannual convention

sary in making application for Deacons Quorum, Santa Clara Ward, of Aaronic Priesthood leaders, instandard quorum awards for the past St. George Stake. cluding Mission Presidents, members

Deacons Quorum, Naples Ward, Uinof Presidencies, CouncilStake year: High

Stake.

Supervisors, Bishoprics, men, Quorum Leavitt Teachers and Quorums, A. Name of the ward and stake. tahDeacons

held will interested, others and be Alberta Stake. Ward, B. of quorum, Name whether p.m. 5, April at 1937, 4:15 Monday, First Deacons Quorum, Third Ogden Priests, or Deacons, Teachers, and

in of imthe Hall. Matters Assembly Stake. North Ward, Weber if is there of more quorums number

will considered. portance Sixteenth Deacons Quorum, be Ogden as in the ward, than such one quorum Stake. North Ward, in BarWeber a.m. the 8 day, on same At etc. first quorum, second quorum,

ratt leadHall Priesthood an Aaronic

All requests for these awards should To Los Angeles Stake goes the honership conference will be held for the be sent to the Presiding Bishop's office or of qualifying the highest number purpose of discussing matters pertainthrough the Chairman of the Stake of quorums for the award. Eighteen ing to this work. Special attention

Aaronic Priesthood Committee, who is quorums received the awards which will be given to the new phases of the to approve the recommendation for the were presented at the Stake Conferwork, including the new plan of conaward. ence. ducting quorum meetings in connecQuorum records should be checked Stake chairmen are charged with the tion with the Sunday School.

at once and where awards have been responsibility of checking quorum records the standards and where have the should be recommendations earned OF ALMIGHTY AGENTS THE of the been met recommending awardmade. is in the the Priesthood Inherent Bishopric. to the Presiding In the Im- * principle of plerepresentation. So for additional an provement Era May its farreaching nary are powers, and ROLL. LOS ANGELESHONOR roll will contain the honor names of that this authority holding those when LEADSSTAKE time. that reporting quorums by in are the line their duty, of possess and

/ratifying tion of theresponsePresidingto Bishopricthe suggesin RESTORATION ANNIVERSARY theacts spiritand utterancesof their calling,are as validtheir officialand as

December, 1935, that all Aaronic CELEBRATION binding, as if the Lord himself were

Priesthood Quorums establish standpresent, doing and saying what his ards to govern their work during the pyscussiON of plans for the Churchservants do and say for him.

year, 1936, is indicated in the reports wide celebration of the 108th anThis is what it means to bear the now being received showing names of niversary of the restoration of the Priesthood. It constitutes men agents

quorums which have qualified for the Aaronic Priesthood on May 15, 1829, of the Almighty, transacting sacred

Standard Quorum Award. are scheduled to be discussed in all business in the interest of the One who

quorums of Aaronic Priesthood as the sent them. These agents should repThe following quorums are included special features of the quorum meetresent their Principal fairly and faithin the first Honor Roll of Standard ing on the second Sunday in April. fully, reflecting, as far as possible, His

Quorums for 1936: This advance date is set in order that intelligence and goodness, living so

letter their of to him that when for time ample plannear will be allowed Deacons Quorums, Balboa Ward, San instructions falls (the written word) activities the in ning quorum connecStake.Francisco

First Deacons Quorum of Grantsville tion with the celebration. short, the Spirit that indicted it, resting

as benediction, upon a continual them Stake. TooeleWard, details of the plans Complete have "line line"give can of revelation, upon First, Priests Second, Third and and sent to Presidents been all Stake and flash flash inspired of thought, upon BelvedereDeacons Quorums, Los Ward, for to transmission Bishops the quoto plain illumine Stake.Angeles the and path make

is It to rums. celethe hoped make Priests, First Teachers, tread. and they Deacons to are

first this year the in a seriesQuorums, Huntington Park Ward, Los Anbration shall whatsoever they speak "And when interest of unusual importance. andgeles Stake. shall upon be Ghost moved by the Holy

Teachers Quorum, Walnut Park 'Ward, scripture, shall be the will of the Lord,

Stake. AngelesLos

First Teachers and Deacons Quorums, DISCIPLINE IN QUORUM shallpowerbeof theGodvoiceunto ofsalvation."the Lord, and the MEETINGS South Angeles Stake. Los Gate Ward,

Priests, First President Correct Teachers and The Deacons View Quo-—reverential /Vrderly a conduct and

rums, Stake. Angeles Los Vermont Ward, in Smith, the of George speaking A. "attitude characterize should every First Deacons Quorum, Ward, Maywood progress of of the fond Church, was

of meeting Priesthood an Aaronic QuoStake. AngelesLos using of the as a growth

It rum. of the should be purpose every First and Second Quorums, Deacons hill single a a of of blade corn—first,comparison, instill in to the leader Stake. quorumManchester minds Angeles Los Ward, soil; green the shooting then from up

First Whittier Deacons Quorum, offices in Ward, of holding young men afterthree or blades; such the two and

Stake. AngelesLos for the respect Priesthood, Priesthood stalk, ears of a corn with wards and Priests Los Quorum, Matthews Ward, its functions. and silken tassels pendant. made One who Stake..Angeles supervisors especially are Quorum for the of allowance the no growth Kimball Deacons Quorum, Ward, to give discipline attention to St. urged "hill,"mystified might at be beholding Stake.Joseph

First Deacons Quorum, Woolford Ward, and to do everything possible, in a it in these various stages of developAlberta Stake. kindly way to secure proper order in ment; but those familiar with the

First and Second Deacons Quorums, and quorum meetings. Being well prepared changes incidental to such a developFirst and Second Teachers Quorum, Rayis usually one of the best methods of ment would see the matter in a clear

mond Second Ward, Taylor Stake. securing and maintaining discipline. light.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

LIBERTY STAKE ATTENDANCE BANNERS

As an incentive to better attendance ** at quorum meetings, the Liberty

Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee has provided banners for the Deacons and Teachers Quorums to be awarded each month. Both banners were won

by the 31st Ward for the month of

January. The attendance of Deacons

was 85 per cent, and of the Teachers 82 per cent, of boys of exact quorum ages, 12 to 14 for Deacons and 15 to 16 for Teachers.

Under this plan the quorum having won the banner the greatest number of times during the year is awarded it permanently. The awards are made

at the monthly Priesthood Union

Meeting.

DEACONS AND TEACHERS OF THE 31ST

WARD, LIBERTY STAKE, WINNERS OF

STAKE ATTENDANCE AWARDS FOR JANUARY. MEMBERS OF THE STAKE PRESIDENCY AND THE STAKE AARONIC

PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE, THE BISHOPRIC, AND QUORUM SUPERVISORS JOINED

WITH THE QUORUMS FOR THIS PICTURE.

vSTUDIES IN BETTER THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW TEACHING A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the "Causes of Inattention: These are Lord's Law of Health

too numerous to mention. The following are noteworthy:

1. personality. teaching Poor their dirty friends. among work my COLLEGE YOUTH AND 2. selection subject of matter. Poor

is It tell to that useless only the me ALCOHOL 3. instruction. of Poor methods fear to anything have from weak mod-

4. Sharp, Hall Roland conditions physical By of room, Bad drinking. erate often will hear You

air, "Allied light, hot, In Youth."etc. too no poor fellows boasting that they the have

5. in pupils, distractions and Tardy in college, well as years four their drinking. upper llY hand on

building. of out since, felt of those as so strong experience before and Some who

6. in in beginning of time and Waste all for in dislike college built during weren't healthy days a have up my for material, references searching and strong to that to themselves charmotherwise alcohol from enough keep can do

etc. I girls. at grovelling of ing the of the foot fellows dormitory some and my saw

fail Listless, to teachers unprepared stairs, find that their plastered slip into drink to to too slavery classmates way attention. voluntary arouse Teachers

I year. tried forget senior the their to hard home. disgusting have became by

talks, in indulge attemptrambling who vileness stench that is to be and had nothing prudish about There my all all ing explanations consuming and

I friends of out of drinking, one worked who, conclusions and hope on my uninteresting. time, are Teachers who drinking, not as to charming hasn't got when simply believe. was Alcohol prorely questionanswer wholly on

I I first pal as its known. ever have a record. Before went base on

milling pumaterial that cedure, over or- I the there wholesale college, were break to alcohol Then up saw pils boring. the are already know, On gies, the determined only most case in when neighborhood. our homes One the teachers hand, other make who resist the psycould nondrinker started us close to rather mob that came reserve time short they of the most If refined taken chology. haven't a you learned of the family the when man are contributions, their for who own till party, girl wait or to a such father's dance his fine relish wines to from at exercises the prepared, vary who all sot step some and only have you do years drank sideboard. he For fatigue, sign of and or each boredom past, feet to trying walk while her over fell times moderately. he on bad Then are pupilparticipation emphasize who dance! to for leer her ask a or and up in of Instead business. his meeting successinteresting most and most

I if that to one drink say, can do difficulties clearer his a head with and the Direction as Teaching theful.'—From is to be fundamentally drink person, determination, greater he found with

Activities, Dr. T. Wahlby John of resisted, regardless of despised and temptdrink offered false the escape by quist. proper, or socially or harmsmart, soothing. ing how and

Dr. Wahlquist suggests the followIf his taste for alcoholic drinks had less, it may be called by those who

ing ways for student participation. Are not been developed in prosperous times close their eyes to the hell alcohol can

you using any of them? and in youth, he might not have let loose.

1. Enter freely into all discussions. brought his family to ruin. As it was, It is the game of those who profit

2. Contribute stories and illustrahe finally sold the beds right out of from the sale of alcoholic drinks, to

tions. the house to get money for drink, and make as many drinkers as they can,

3. Retell stories. ended in the poorhouse. and to make them young.

4. Give special reports. I saw all this as a young boy, and In our next article, we will take the

5. Make special investigations. it made a deep impression on me. Then lid off some of the tricks used by

6. Bring supplementary materials, I came East to Harvard, and found brewers and distillers to sell their

pictures, relics, books, etc. alcoholic drinks getting in more of wares among college youth.

a single and hurried monthly call.

The family also is not without responsibility. teachers be should Ward

at ease. and welcome Ward Teacher's Message for May, 1937 made The radio

off, family the entire turned be THE LAW OF TITHING should visiting called in, adthe teachers and

Touring the month of May the attention of the entire Church is to be vised that "we are in your hands."

directed to the Law of Tithing. Payment of the tithe is a commandComplete cooperation between teachment to Latterday Saints. While its payment is voluntary yet it is one of ers and family, supported by tact, charthe requirements of good standing in the Church and eligibility for the blessity, and humility, is certain to promote

ings promised those who obey the law. greater Church activity, as well as

Church history records an oustanding example of both the consegreater personal faithfulness.

quences of nonobservance of and the blessings of compliance with this important law of the Lord. When Lorenzo Snow became president of the FOUR STAKES IN

Church, it was involved in debt owing to the troubles incident to the 100% CLASS persecution of early days. In their troubles many people forgot the Lord Juarez, Los Angeles, Bear Lake, and

and their obligations to him. The financial affairs of the Church had been Franklin Stake reported 100 per

a great burden upon President Woodruff, a man who had never been cent Ward Teaching in all wards of in debt. the stake for the month of January.

President Snow seems to have been specially selected to relieve the Big Horn and Bear River each reportChurch of this burden. No sooner was he installed, than he was inspired ed 99 per cent. Star Valley, Weber,

to find a remedy. He began with meetings in St. George. These were and South Davis reported 95 per cent.

followed by a universal gathering of the leading authorities of the PriestThe importance of Ward Teaching hood in the Temple, whence the message of tithing reform, like a wave, should make this duty and calling one rolled over every stake of Zion. The Saints were reminded of the promise to be given first consideration. In orthat this would be a land of Zion only to those who obeyed the divine law der to direct attention to the imporin relation to tithes and offerings. It was promised that if the law were tance of Ward Teaching the monthly

obeyed, great blessings would come to the Saints; while if it were not bulletin of stake activities issued by

heeded, the Lord, for their disobedience, would scourge them with calamthe Presiding Bishop's Office to stake ities. The people responded. Tithes and offerings came as never before. and ward executive officers will list

The "windows of Heaven"were literally opened unto them. Their conthe standing of all stakes on the basis

ditions improved, prospects brightened, and there came rapid improvements of the record made in Ward Teaching.

in the affairs of the Church. At no time has God showered blessings upon

His people in greater abundance. SPECIAL PREPARATION

through promises people the of the Church made to The glorious URGED FOR MAY will truly successors. his This President been repeated by Snow have be TEACHING

a land of Zion to those who obey the law of the Lord. HPithing is one of the most important

A principles of the Gospel. Its pracfaith, sacrifice, involves confidence teach prayer Should and hutice them O. McKAY'SPRESIDENT DAVID in leaders a willingness to and Church mility.SUGGESTIONS TO WARD full one's responsibilities in assume personally. teachers CallTEACHERS the meeting obligations of Church. the spirit the of Gospel. the Promote yourself.Jhxamine definite responsibilities of the of One teachers. delinquent up Follow

to prepared teach? is Are you to teach Teacher members a Ward

Teach Jesus Christ is Redeemer. ENSIGN STAKE WARD in his district the principles of the

That Joseph Smith was a Prophet. TEACHERS'LEAFLET Gospel. The General Authorities have

That he brought in this Dispensation. A leaflet issued by Ensign Stake a set aside 'the month of May for the

Can you carry this into the home? few years ago contained these excelspecial teaching of the principle of

Are you free from backbiting? lent suggestions for Ward Teachers. tithing in every organization and in

Are you guilty of fault finding? The teacher's responsibility is fixed by every home in the Church. Ward

Do you understand those whom revelation, thus: Teachers are urged to make special

you are about to teach? 1. To watch over the Church, alpreparation for the presentation of

Do you understand what you teach? ways. this important message to members of

Have you given your work prayer- 2. To be with and strengthen both the Church. The monthly message is

ful thought? the Church and its members. intended as a foundation only for the

A visit is not teaching. 3. To see that there is no iniquity Teacher's presentation. To it should

Reading an outline is not teaching. in the Church, or hardness with each be added, from the scriptures, from

Repeating passages of Scripture is other, or lying, backbiting, or evil the teachings of our leaders, and from not teaching. speaking. personal experiences, such material as

Telling stories is not teaching. 4. To see that the members of the will tend to strengthen the faith of the

Teaching is to awaken the family. Church meet together often. Saints and encourage them in disConvince them of your sincerity. 5. To see that all members do their charging their duty. In times like these

No two families are alike. duty, and the attention of all members of the

Different conditions prevail in every 6. To warn, expound, exhort, and Church should be directed to the necesfamily. teach and invite all to come unto sity of obeying the commandments of

Different viewpoints on religion. Christ. the Lord if the blessings promised to

Study the bishop's message. Helpfulness should be the teacher's those who obey the law are desired.

effort special should in the be made of If tithing, pay yourself. firstobjectandin fixedmindpurpose,of advancingwith alwaysthe workthe Amonth reach of the 100% May to

If prayer, pray yourself. of the Church. Obviously, this rehomes of the Latterday Saints in every

Bishops should pray with Priesthood. sponsibility can not be discharged by ward in the Church.

World's Largest Basketball League

Completes M. LA. xxHoop"Season

Manavu of Provo Triumphs in MMen Tournament

By LES GOATES Sports Editor, Deseret News

tireless, adroit and cagey Manavu Ward basketball team, whose lastperiod drives epitomized observance of the

Word of Wisdom, rules over the vast domain of Mutual Improvement

Association basketball for 1937.

The orangeclad Provo quintet capitalized on superior speed and passing finesse in the final quarter to defeat a large and powerful Midvale

Second Ward array, Salt Lake District champions, 35 to 28. The game

was a fitting climax to the annual tournament, held before record crowds in the Deseret Gymnasium.

More than 1500 fans saw Manavu succeed Ogden Eighth as M Men champions, setting a new attendance record for this colorful athletic pageant.

In attaining to the championship the Manavu team defeated Huntington Park, Los Angeles; Coalville,

Third Ward of Salt Lake and Midvale Second. In a storybook finish

Logan Seventh stampeded from eight points in arrears with less than three minutes to play, to conquer

Third Ward, and gain third place.

St. Johns of Arizona proved one of

the best fives in the meet and rated fourth position. McCammon, Idaho,

won from Huntington Park of Los

Angeles in the final round to take consolation honors.

This is how they finished:

Top: Formal opening, Churchwide M Men tournament, as sixteen district winners prepared for

Deseret play, General center, championship Color Front behind Y. Guard: M. Gymnasium, March 3. M. City 9—Cedar1—Manavu (right), (center), Q. First Morris Superintendent Superintendent George I. A. Assistant Albert E. Bowen Second 10—Clearfield2—Midvale (left). Dr. Farnsworth, K. chairman and Burton Men M

1 Seventh Canada left Holt, winners; Center: EastPaul of Provo, right: to Churchwide the Coach Manavu Tom 1—Raymond,3—Logan

Earl Oldroyd, Gordon Kirk Stephens, Banks, Swensen, Grant Holt, Eastmond, Joe and Jack Reed mond, Johns4—St.5—McCammon 12—Richfield13—Dimond left right: Hughes, runnersup, Coach Midvale to Second Harold Ray Bottom: Ward The Lake Third6—Salt Belich, Pavich, Melvin Maxuran, Mike Landers, Paul Beckstead, Thurber, Wright, Bob Dan Mark 14—Emmett, ofIda.Oakland Snow.7—Coalville 15—Roosevelt Petrlich, and Frank Canning. JoeCourtesy Deseret News. Top Photo—

TribuneTelegram.8—Huntington Park 16—Afton, Wyo. Center and BottomCourtesy

At the conclusion of the final game, George Q, Morris, Assistant sented the Deseret News trophies to a plaque to Midvale. Miniature gold

General Superintendent of the Y. the champions and the runnersup, a and silver basketball fobs, the official

M. M. I. A. General Board, prehandsome statuette to Manavu and (Concluded on page 252)

.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M.

ALBERT I.FOXA. E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

MORRIS GEORGE 0. LUCY GRANT CANNON

L. FRANKLIN A. BEESLEY WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSA

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN VAN NOY, Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Secretary

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

WARD HONOR DAY example, choral work, individual mu- 1. Fox trot, "Aloha Oe ".

ftflay 1 1 th is Ward Honor Day. This sicalmay havenumbers,beenpublicgiven addresseson the Sundaywhich 3.2. FloorOriginalShowWaltz.Numbers.

event is as stated in our Activity evening programs, stories, a oneact 4. Original Fox Trot.

Guide the climax of the season's acplay, or any new numbers which re- 5. The "Centennial"Waltz.

tivity. It should be as attractive and flect the outgrowth of the season's 6. Hawaiian Group.colorful as possible. It is a time for work. As a closing feature of the 7. Waltz—"The Gleam".

looking the year's over backward it is program recommendHonor Day Instructionsachievements to the forward and that the bishopric of joyed be members trot—"Aloha Fox Oe". Each (1)

activities.ousness of the Summer special given might honor. Tributes stake to or mission will be permitted

11th Between and now ward May flowof presentations prepared be and this enter for 8 couples dance. Theofficers all carefully should the review if It is that desired. ers hoped made will refrain of the music be "Aloha Oe"the ofhappenings since year June, in his counselors turn or the bishop ) ( Farewell Thee To In1936. the that events taken have citations the special of good make may of Original a result Waltz. As (2)place week have by week you made the accomplished I. A. by work M. calling for year's the our programhistory. the objecten Scan through If this occasion advisable thought finishteaching of waltz fundamentals

goals to have which you evening's include the not onlytives—the may ing original the of creation with anbeen working see what earlier begin program, but and may steadily—and waltz, the stakes missions or each may

Ishave been your accomplishments. Field of the take nature a on Day to to the Festival send 2 couples demit isyour increased membership and enevent. then be program The may their onstrate dances. original The increditable size to the proportion of sports outother to include larged and original present couples each an may

Isyour ward? order improved? your activities. either In urge event door we the couples or both dance dance may

feel that the you has hadDo Theme once, that at begin so preparations will redance. the same music be The definite influence in livesany of the of that presented the be numbers may It's the in frain Springtime of "Whenyour members? presented you Have excellence. high a of order Honor The confined Rockies". must be dance The

it in especially an forceful or manner for exfurnishes opportunity the Day to refrain measures, twice 64 (thewith special any ceremony? Did talent. In real you hibition of every M. will through). about be tempo The

in the overgo top subscripyour Era I. class regular the to addition A. in counts a minute. 96

tions? In of percentage your what there assembly programs and work Demonstration. Floor (3) Show have placed thehomes you Era? What activity in prepof the should be hum of stakes missions the and some Many

inhave recreational accomplished you for the aration Day. At Honor Ward trot creating original besides fox and

dances, your dramas, possible opportunity between every waltz a group numbers have created you organizedyouractivities—yourmusic? Have and Honor chornow your Ward May 11th entertainment to be purposes dance for

uses as recommended? Have you preDay should be advertised. Let the used during intermissions or as a spesented the opera "Martha?"about this gala feawhole ward What know cial feature of stake a party. or Any ofpercentage your Gleaners, Juniors ture of A. M. I. will please mission having such a dance

are tithingand Girls the BeeHive on

I. offices notify the A. and General M.rolls this winter? service has What STAKE HONOR DAY will prepossible the be where dances

in given thebeen Security Plan? Church to selected viewed numbers and two that said conhas LL been above A all these yourAt of Honor Day Ward Festival prothe regular appear on * cerning the Honorthings Day special other Ward and accomplish-

(if will possible) All gram. others be officers applies Stake. to the Stake shouldments the reviewed be and reception to at a the be given showing careful doubtless already a have made orgroups departments aidwhich have

five at to Saltair held on seven from outstanding the record of happenings in materially increasing theed attendevening. the same in to only the a wards, not with view in orance order, promoting or good

trots. arOriginal fox Same (4) of events, history the but keeping such fulfillingin the of other any objectives

2. this for for as rangement number their at to presentation the Stake Honof the should program be honored and

will Sweetheart"be music "Gypsy The in the year one or Early Day. new toasked stand are while they given must Herbert. Victor dance by The their that reported Stake Honorspecial Day commendation.

refrain (the not 32 exceed measures outlined. already program was feature a to the adding interest As will through). twice be tempo The It is this in that occasion hoped this report,of herald a could a sound minute. counts about a 56 will, the magic through every Stakebugle and then the best announcer In to Centennial order Waltz. (5) song, story, heraldry, pagof touch inavailable your might read ward with give the color to beauty added and color, eantry, a dramatic be and madethe sureness dispatch of and radio a it this to Festival has decided been do event. glorious Stake Honor Day the announcer ofnews review accomin costume. Spanish number The 18th. on comes Mayplishments, prefacing with them "M. will to or confined one be two dance

I. A. on."marches Or, speakers mission. couples stake from and each for CHURCHWIDE DANCE or objective groupeach could respond in this Participation is optional number FESTIVALin a spontaneous manner various from enter. those only in costume and may

parts of the hall. HPhe following program will be carThe music will be "Ciribiribin,"pubAfter this "citation"ceremony the ried forward as the Churchwide lished by Oliver Ditson Company, Bosprogram may consist of any of the outDance Festival to be held at Saltair, ton, ( sung by Grace Moore in her picstanding presentations of the year. For Friday, June 11th, at 7:00 o'clock. (Continued on page 248)

..;

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

{Continued from page 247) not obligatory where you have other carethe parents, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Danture "One Night of Love"). The refully selected readings that you prefer to gerfield of 2026 McClelland Avenue,

that readevent, urge, use. in any They used.frain will be only City, to forward Salt Lake any fragthe to context ings give long be enough Native Dance. As a of information Hawaiian ment shed (6) that may short passages, enough of outstanding and

special feature a Hawaiian group who to hold the interest of your young people. light on his disappearance, to them

are coming to Conference from the We have kept these points in mind in makor to the sheriff of Salt Lake County.

Oahu Stake will present a native dance. ing these selections. The description follows;

(7) "Gleam Waltz". From 8 to We also strongly urge that these readHAROLD P. DANGERFIELD

10 couples from each stake and misings be assigned at least a week in advance, Dark complexioned. Age 24 years.

the that during check be week a and made will feet Height 5 this dance. This 8 inches. enter 125 pounds.sion Weight may

to preproperly are that being they see hair, blue dark eyes, teeth. perfect Has big dance the mass finale and thebe

this realize although pared. means, By we hat, blue suit, dark dark grey brown Wore will be music evening. the Theof is that that believe entailed, the work we overcoat, shirt white collar, with detachable Sweetheart". Call"Let You this Me of the feature one most can become black oxfords with zipper galoshes, and In all dance. to begin us Let now inspirational profeatures of weekly your glasses. rimless victim (Probably o/ a particishort that further suggest grams. might a be groups ward,every We amnesia. ) of the before explanation given be many activity. This this in joyouspating

will put color and life into the program readings, in order to give them their proper settings. a Build spring up months.of your 11:1- Section Doctrine Covenants: and will a be m7A Festival whichstrong Stake 1:1-6, 1724, 14, reading); 3739, (one

miniature of the big Festival to be held 27:1418, 58:5, 2123, 2629, (one readDr. L. L. Daines and Charlotte Stewart, Chairmen;

at Saltair. ing); 59:1-24, 76:1-14, 1924, (one read- H. R. Merrill, Lucy W. Smith, Hazel Brockbank,

LOS ANGELES STAKE STAGES ing)89; 93:1936,; 88:7480, 119,118, 121:2627,122126 ( one3446,reading(one) VidaHansen.F. Clawson, Polly R. Hardy, Dr. George H.

GREEN AND GOLD BALL reading) Seniors, the committee has three things present. to 20:1-17; Testament: Exodus Old The

of the Green a feature was"pAGEANTRY 1:1-5; 1:1-18, Genesis reading). (one John First: Organization for June Con-*"Angeles the at Ball Los 24, 27, 121 8:23, (each and Gold Psalms one Psalm ference. like to should see every We reading). Isaiah 40:1-8, 2831 read- (one was program spectacularStake. The certainly in ward stake and every the

ing); Isaiah 53:1-12. 52:1-9, dispatch. There unusual withexecuted for Church organized year's next work II, 10: Chapter of Nephi Book Mormon: acts the between time of lapse nowas in well of advance Conference June 1019; 30:9-14; Moroni, Chapter Alma, acBrief several wards. thestaged by in that order there represenbe a may 3034. 10:2021, Chapter pagof acts succeeding the ofcounts tation in the Senior department. Testament: Chapter Matthew, The New mithe through presentedeantry were 7:1-5, 1529, If reading); (one Matthew, of the repsome cannot wards be

crophone by Mrs. LaVerd Lillywhite, Chapter 25.1430, 6:1-13; Mark, Chapter resented, they could be organized with

the Y. of 8:3438, reading); 9:3342, Presidency in (one the Luke,Counselor leader a to literature might be whom

6:1219; Chapter 5:1-12, (one Matthew I. added readings These A. M. sent.W. will Friends of groups, Senior reading); 8:5-15, 10:2537, Luke, Chapter drathe of interpretation the tomuch please you look year's next toward 12:1621 (paraphrase); 15; John, Chapter several wards the as pageantrymatic the work executives now? to Ask 17; 14 I Corinthians, Chapters Chapter and hall the into lounge the frommarched help perfect organization an you well 1:7-12, 1719, 13; II Timothy, Chapter (one

and forward to the throne which had reading ) before June.

been erected for the queen of the eveSecond: Suggestions for summer.

historically pageantry wasning. The like should very to have much We INFORMATION WANTED inand impressive highlyaccurate and suggestions field the for from summer CONCERNING HAROLD

the It aboutteresting. woven was activities. P. like should to pool DANGERFIELD We

is land which "America, atheme: suggestions, them, your over go and

choice above select in those activities which the ward

Matthews Wardall otherbuiltlands."its pageantry "DrothersuperintendentHaroldof theP. LincolnDangerfield,Ward interested. membership most would be

period; Walnut Association Nephite Improvement and the Mutualaround hike, to play swim, you like Would South period; Lamanite years an active the for manyPark, about M. I. A, softball, picnic stake or a ward, on

Gate, about the period of the Discovdistrict basis, build monuments, take ery of America; Maywood Ward, pilgrimages to historical places, organabout the Puritan period; Manchester ize a week's outing with lectures after

Ward, about the Colonial or Revoluthe Chautauqua order, or just what tionary period; Belvedere Ward, about would appeal to you? Please let us

the Civil War period; Huntington Park know. Address: Senior Committee,

about the period of Western ExpanGeneral Boards, 50 North Main Street sion, including the Pioneer movement; or 34 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City,

Whittier Ward, about the World War Utah.

period, and Vermont Ward depicted Third: Class Suggestions for April.

of Desas a Land of America ideathe This 24, Chapter "Family Recreation."

will come. all nationstiny to which to the entire famchapter is a challenge

stake the of members thousand One ily. interestclass could be made The

in capathe seated comfortablywere ing selecting of or three heads two by the they witnessed as auditoriumcious recretheir families taken have who their in pagof theprocession wards their in enation with measure some acts.eantry tell just did they to family, what hightire the all probably this in All was it. outing family did they and how A

I. recreational A. ofest expression M. sort planned. of Permight be some Angeles of history Los in theactivity in families are there your haps ward

Stake. who know how to play together. Use

FROMREPORTS THE FIELD HAROLD P. DANGERFIELD themChaptersin teaching25 andothers.26 could well be READINGSSCRIPTURE

left his closing as indicated. place carried to go to out home That are following recommended by Loworker,THE of of business a rousing testimony the morning meeting on could be Novemthe weekly scripture Stake for gan

reading. They have been prayerfully and ber 3, 1936, and has never been seen success if class members say construcpainstakingly selected with the M. I. A. or heard of since. M. I. A. workers tive things rather than stereotyped senaudience in mind. Their use is, of course, and Church members are requested by tences which have little meaning.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

An attractive appearance A good name ASelfrespectsense of humor happy ADr. K. Farnsworth, Burton Chairman: Floyed clear conscience G. A heart To all Stake and Ward M MenEyre, S. Dr. F. C. Warner, Harris, Homer Werner Kiepe, Frank W. McGhie, Dr. Wayne B. Hales. Spirit ready for adventure Gleaner Workers:

A ttention: Stake Supervisors, Many good friends '"Phe Gleaner-M Men Committees of

** Presidents, M Men, and Master Liabilities the General Board desire to exMen. sincere in a very humble way ourM little sleep press To for efappreciation your support and nerves promote the M Men ideals; to TiredToostimulate Master M Men membership; Bad habits forts in this improved year's work,

to intensify the spirit of fellowship and a—petting especially in the following

fraternity, we call your attention to b—smoking First, in realizing relatively our obthe need of a rather definitely organized c—drinking jectives in the threefold activity proprojected campaign in your districtand d—speeding this of year. friendships, Lasting self gram for Dislikein social refinement, social leadership and Complex of Inferiority{a) and appreciation A knowledge less class distinction these are time among Wasted the M Man and Master M Man Moody spells very fine objectives you have aided in

pins, Regrets and remorse realizing.

of said wearing and Embarrassing (b) acquaintances The selling for the great Second, of number and pins. 193637 (See Manual, pp. quality the of banGleaner-M Men fair bid 206209.) for the to hurry Summer We quets that social to the been have many, Gleaners. of sake should be Summer function their the in lives. of year

It for time delight. a happiness and

Third, for the wholesome and willwill come, but will lose or use Gleaners cooperation our in putting over its ing to it according their treatment of theme: Social In Obligations.""Our a Gleaner, If I were I would S. Williams,Helen stakes the in this leadership many Cannon, RoseM. as best Gleaner the summers W.Chairman;Bennett,ErmaKatieRoland,C. Jensen.Ann treatofferings. my course type; has the of been super a lifetime. of the ask I might myself my THEN?"spirit of cooperation"WHAT has a realizabeen questions: following

Tn a most interesting book there is a tion of our dream; the application of

story told of a young man who faced Where am I going? With whom am these fundamental principles in our sohis old professor on graduation day I going? Why am I going? And to cial life has been most pleasing. Surely

with high hope for the future in his the last question I would write and you who have put your heart and soul happy countenance. He said somerewrite, to have a good, "good time,"into this wonderful work, do with us,

thing like this: "I'm going to do great the best time of my life. rejoice in the sweet spirit that comes

to service in renders one the Gosthings. who college."to going I'm The five things are beings The spirit pel sense. and interruptedteacher with, him "And interested in most world, humanare—the call attendesire Fourth, to your said, we then?"what young The man people, other themselves, they where tion this at time of the the to season, "I'll then?"marry.""Oh! what "And going. from, are they and came where thing necessary very should you do then?"bank."in a I'll work "What

"I'll be the cashier.""So. What So Gleaners, where are you going? now. We urge all to give it time and

it: is attention. immediate This "I'llthen?"to enough money make I should Things the sumdo during (a) stake for Organize the your comtravel."retire."then?""And

Girl: a Gleaner if I were mer all ing officers year's work; have then"And then?""Oh! maybe—may-"I'llbe I'll die."But the kind professor 1—Endeavor to make as many new friends duly appointed previous to the

smiled and said, "And what then?"as possible. Friends who made me June Conference sessions.

better. for Organize the your comwards I Gleaners wondering our So for b ) am

old should acquaintances renew and ( 2—I ing year's work. the nextabout months few "What give parties. outdoor some

spirit (c) this the of Motivate coming will netthen?"the summer much How should to the of top go a mountain 3—I in officers year's that your work its all in of glorythem? came Autumn for at the of daybreak sake a sunrise

and color to prepare humanity for and to listen to a meadowlark. they will attend the June sessions.

Winter, and although Winter brought 4—I should visit places I had never been This is the time to insure a great

out the resistance in human nature, he before in my own community. year for 193738. Supervisors aresent all of us into the very lap of joy 5—I should always be ready for a good responsible for this usually neright time kind good with of the peoglected of our phase work. left at the us promise heand when We

expecting are to stake a your be fair waiting.corner Spring where was I read should books had always

this test in leader of to But then? Gleaners, whatAnd to duty—the that read let 6—Iple.wanted would make meus say—"What now?"better informed. good and superleadership.

Ahead are summer, vacation, fine re- 7—I should spend at least one week in

the mountains see lazy and how is leisure. laxation, soul and "The TIME I VACATION be. could its leisure color the ofdyed by

"\ letwrite those should "promised"presents time to Gleaner- 8—I Ithoughts."wondering our what am ters. "probone major members thinking, Men girls are planare they what VacationM little should oftener pray go a and 9—I is lem. in Especially it true our nowning. will color""soul be the What fifteen myself minutes every by day

of Gleaners this summer? Believing and think everything over with God. social world which seems to be much in them, having faith in their judgment 10—"I should breathe more; eat less. befuddled. That problem stated is

and wisdom in their play time, I am I should walk more; ride less. simply this: Have I the moral courage

I less. talk think should more; of "pure I the first Have my conviction? that daring to in the guess of June

I less. should bathe more; primp intelligence"aspects the to see immoral will picthe they ponder pause and on

I less. sleep should more; worry of social socalled habits personal and list ture ahead. see they they Will I less. should save more; spend

its in means, liabilities, Moral their assets, their also so they I less.—indulgences? should laugh complain more;

will know where they are going? I should praise more; condemn less. truest sense, to be in harmony with

Assets I should love more; hate less. the constructive law of my own life

A lovely body I should pray more; and meet happiand life itself. To be immoral is sim-

A clear mind ness."{Continued on page 250)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

( Continued from page 249 Fairview North and Provo Second this free party given them, and so earnply to be out of harmony with the conWards; Salt Lake Council, Cannon, est in their request for further like afstructive law of life. Alcohol, nicotine, Central Park, Twentysixth, and First fairs, that the Stake Board Members are

sex indulgences are not in harmony Wards; Ogden Area Council, Clinton attempting to arrange to hold similar

with the constructive law of life. Our and Ogden Eighteenth Wards; Cache dances at regular intervals. They feel

ideals, our traditional standards we Valley Council, Logan First, Fifth, and the missionary work of holding the inhold, as it were, in our hands as torchNinth Wards; Tendoy (Pocatello) terests of this age group is well worth

es to the world. "Carry on"with and Council, Pocatello Fourth Ward; any effort required on their part.

in these basic ideals. Teachers: Have Teton Peaks (Idaho Falls) Council,

a frank, open discussion on these probParker and Idaho Falls Fourth Wards. FESTIVALS

lems as part of the "Vacation Time"The Snake River Area Council (Twin lesson. prevented from conducting Falls) was

finals regional roads. "r*7V andcandletheirlightmotherstea forofJuniorthe SouthGirls by snowblocked

Tournament officials rated the chamDavis Stake was held on a Saturday pionships as being the most successful afternoon from 3 to 6. The program

since the game was devised for the included one number from each Ward,

Vanguards of the Church in 1931 when and some numbers furnished by the

John D. Giles, Chairman; M. Elmer Christensen. Vanball was first introduced. partyStake stickleaders;werelemonade,served. wafers,Socializingand

The final standings placed the teams mixer games were participated in by

EXPLORER VANBALL in the winning brackets in the following all. Each ward leader was responsible

Fifth, order: Ninth, Logan LoganSEASON ENDS for for her of care group—arranged First, Salt Pocatello, Lake, Cannon, their their directed to wraps, them un-/"limaxing season marked a by Second, Parker. and Provo seats, assisted the serving the with and in"* usual progress technique and of of the General Board Members socializing. silver green, Pink, and participation at general thanmore any

I. the present A. Y. made M. in M. the decorations. used were in the past, seventhtime season the winners. the to of awardsthe is It incorrect earlier to formals wear for the Scouts ExplorerVanball ended

at Logan, Tuesday, March 9. A postthan 7:00 o'clock.

series followingtournament what had KODAKING planned to be the final championbeenship in Salt Lake City, February 26 and Td(u/u&u HPhe complete process of developing 27, became necessary when the two Marba C. Josephson, Chairman; Martha G. Smith, and printing requires so much time,

teams, Fifth Emily the representingLogan is H. Higgs, Catherine Folsom, Sarah R. the suggestion you make made that Cannon. respectively, playedand Ninth Wards incorrectly (frequently exposures some

to a deadlock, which it was impossible EXPLORERS AND JUNIOR called "take some pictures") in which to play off without extending the playGIRLS FROLIC your girls will be interested; develop

ing time beyond Saturday midnight into Sunday. T os Angeles Stake held a dance themfessionallyyourself,at a orkodakinghave themestablishmentdone pro175 couples, attended which was by the completed teams Logan two The store; then or a drug do the printing

Girls. exclusively Explorers Junior andseries court, the on a home Fifth Ward participating. with your group This

winning the Church championship by The cooperation of the Ward Explorer is sufficient to interest your girls in this scores of 1614, 1513. The winners and Junior Girl advisors was solicited, hobby and will use a full class period.

were awarded Explorer sweaters and and an effort made to have every Junior Further participation would be effective the second and third place teams, the and Explorer in the Stake in attendance as a summer project.

vanballs used in the championship. to enjoy the festivities. The event startstrains soft at 8:00 promptly ed and the the largest Fifteen teams, number LESSON HELPS sent the happy tourof participated in the Sweet to enter,ever "Home Home"

nament, representing the following youngsters home at 11:00. These Tf you are giving a lesson on "Your

troops: Utah National Parks Council, young people were so enthusiastic over Artistic Self"and you suggest that

the breakfast would be enjoyed more fully if it is served artistically, with

Mother's hair combed, be sure you recommend that daughter gives assistance so that Mother will have time to comb her hair before breakfast. This

is an example of problem project method. "Teacher"is out of date; the more

modern term is "leader."Are you a

b

1937 EXPLORER VANBALL CHAMPIONS

Top row, left, Logan 5th Ward, Church Champions;

right, Logan 9th Ward, runnersup. Bottom row, left,

Pocatello 4th Ward, Third Place Winners; right,

Salt Lake First Ward, Fourth Place Winners.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

leader, in every sense of the word, for ing to any character building organizasummer activities, please consult your vour girls? tion; 68 per cent had no religious President and see that another BeeBe willing to learn from any good interest whatsoever, and only 10.5 per Keeper is appointed before June Consource. cent signified any interest in a hobby ference and given sufficient help to

When you read something helpful or special activity. enable her to carry on the activities

to your lessons, do you copy it, or clip Although percentages may vary in immediately. Plan with her the sumit? Do you put it into a scrap book? similar studies of delinquency in other mer program for your BeeHive girls.

a note book? a file? attach it to your communities, the trends will be the We hope that all BeeKeepers will be

manual? or write it in? Principles of same. The implications for boyhood able to continue and experience the

leadership which apply this year will welfare are obvious. As leaders of joy of taking their girls into the outprobably be useful one year hence, at boys the facts of this study offer a ofdoors and participate in happy,

least. It is rather impossible to recoldirect challenge to us. Too often we joyous summer activities.

lect everything you have learned, (at have been content with confining our the opportune moment) unless you use efforts and influence with those select BeeHive Week some good reminders. boys who seek Scout work and who

If two leaders are working in one offer no particular problems or chalBee-Hive week is an established group, for example, one with the relenge to our leadership. In dedicating event which takes place each year the

ligious discussions, and the other with our services to boyhood we must recfirst week in May. May 2 to 8 inthe other discussions and activities, it ognize our responsibilities to the boys clusive is BeeHive week this year.

would be a courtesy for each to give of our communities who need our help Its purpose is to feature BeeHive acthe other opportunity to make anmost. tivities in many delightful ways. It

nouncements and assignments for her This is the time of the year to take begins with the Sunday services. Ask

next week's work. stock of our activities and plan to permission to have BeeHive girls in

make our influence more effective. uniform act as ushers and provide the

flowers Sacraat School and Sunday all of the our sought boys Have weENCOURAGEMENT also they meetings. hope ment We invited of Scout age community and fine the our appreciate work small will\Jl7e permitted to have be some join to holding us? them our Are we * * leaders are urge doing them and I. session. in Conjoint part the A. M. activities meetboys? Scout our Are

interest theto continue, to keep up that suggestion been has made The ing of the standards the Scout Boy 31st; of then theend and Lighting Ceremony. they a Candle have season—Mayand organization of the ideals our and

1st. allbegin again over These June is following submitted: The vital planning a and Church? Are wegirls in just the are as worthwhile much interesting program? summer These girls chosen. are These BeeHive Ten other at season assummertime any

the girls in (band). Scouting aspects are opporof very be uniform must On attention. and need sympathyand How canplace nine the BeeKeeper little may efpulpit extra tune now. but With helpcan you? we in tallest is dles. It the to well candle have of the enlarge can sphere Scout fort we

tocenter, tapering the the candles other in the boys lives of the who are a training hunting for Attention—We twoby-four board or an oblong it. A participating the are actively in prowards department. name for ournew Why the to support holes with cardboard box

not send in your suggestion? gram, and extend the influence to many candles would be necessary and convenient.

boys who will profit by it but who are These containers should be covered with

JUNIOR JOURNAL now shut out by circumstances we can crepe paper, flowers, and must be substanThe Junior Girls of the Tenth Ward, alter. tial so that there will be no danger of the

Liberty Stake, publish a fourpage monthOne of our national leaders recently candles falling and causing a fire.

ly class paper called The JUNIOR made this statement: "Scouting is a The first of the ten girls steps forward

introduction: gives following short the is printed paper TheJOURNAL. at the Godgiven program

special the of the of events BeeHive "One girls of the of a handmade one onhome time, is the time."and this for a Weparticularagree and is It organization week. is a BeeHive dittogelatin fastened togethand machine with him. first yearly held in event the week May. staples.er with The JUNIOR JOURNAL

is night to sold on all Mutual Tuesday cents at or ten for a A YOUNG MAN'S PRAYER weAs ahavebeginningasked permissionof our week'sto callcelebration,your atmembers 1c a copy year's subscription. The profit which is By Harlan G. Metcatf tention to this great BeeHive organization,

quite substantial is put in the treasury and with its joyous activities for young girlwill be used to pay for the stake Mothers'God, make me a man! hood by presenting our Spirit of the Hive

and Daughters'banquet. Give me the strength to stand for right Candle Lighting Ceremony. The BeeHive

The girls print, edit, and sell the papers When other folks have left the fight; Girls Promise is:"(See BeeHive Girls'

themselves. All jokes, stories, poems, artiGive me the courage of the man Handbook, p. 7, "On my honor I will encles, and comic strips are original. News Who knows that if he will, he can. deavor, etc.") This is given with the Beefrom the ward M. I. A. is also used in The Teach me to see in every face Hive Salute. This girl then steps back into

JUNIOR JOURNAL. The class paper has The good, the kind, and not the base.

added interest and enthusiasm not only to Make me sincere in word and deed, line.A BeeKeeper should be sitting close to

the Junior class itself but also to the enBlot out from me all sham and greed, the girls and at the conclusion of the first tire Mutual. Submitted by Marjorie Evans Help me to guard my troubled soul speaker should inconspicuously pass a

Jackson, Tenth Ward Activity Leader. By constant, active, selfcontrol. lighted taper to the second girl, who steps

Clean up my thoughts, my speech, my in front of the nine candles. As she lights

*-OteAnd play,keep me pure from day to day. the first candle, she says:

O, make of me a man! "I light the candle of Faith.

Have Faith in yourself, have faith in your

Chairman; Philo T. Farnsworth,D. E. Hammond, friends,

Peterson.Arthur Have Faith in your God whose love never

Tn a recent survey of Juvenile Delinends,

Faith to forward in every push cause, good extended over quency which to Faith hold holy a peEthel laws."fast to God's Chairman; S. Anderson, Marie Thomas, C.riod of years westof our large in one Julia S. Baxter, Margaret Wells, Bertha K. N.

ern cities some startling information Tingey, Ileen Waspe, Agnes S. Knowlton. This girl then steps back into line, gives

ofconcerning age Scout boys was reSummer Supervision theforwardlightedwithtaperthetotaperthe thirdand girl,lightswhothestepssecvealed. ten than thousand more Of

boys registered in the Juvenile Court Tn last month's Era we asked you to ond candle and says:

for various crimes it was disclosed that plan a yearround BeeHive super- "I light the candle of Knowledge.

85.5 per cent had never had the opvision. If you find for some good reaSeek and ye shall find

portunity of participating in or belongson you are unable to carry on the Treasures of truth, treasures of mind,. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

Treasures eternal which God has designed, carefully to check again with ward BeeFor you and for me to inherit."Keepers to see if any are eligible for both World's Largest

This is continued until each girl has the three and fiveyear service pins. Test

lighted her candle and given her verse as questions for the threeyear pin and full Basketball League follows: information for conducting the test will be Fourth Girl—"I light the candle of furnished Stake Y. W. Presidents and (Concluded from page 246)

at request,Health. Stake BeeKeepers upon the Y. General Board awards, were then Office, Bishop's 32 I. A. General M. W.

To safeguard one's health Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. presented to the individual players

Is duty. a positive teams. on the two

is real wealth Health Requirements For the ThreeYear Pin: official Deseret NewsIm- The is true beauty."Health And

1. Three years consecutive service (inprovement Era allstar honor team Fifth Girl—"I light the candle to Womcluding the year just closing ) was selected as follows: Forwards

anhood. 2. Completion

girl is building her life BeeHive Each 3. Fourteen Honor of theBadges—Earnedthree Ranks. and—Overson,Midvale. Center industry, virtue and honor With St. Johns—andM. Mazuran,Peterson, checked.

That the glory of true womanhood 4. Satisfactorily passing the test prepared Richfield. Guards—Stephens, 'ManMay some day shine upon her."by the General Board. avu and Wright, Midvale.

let us BeeKeepers, with be honest As of story the tournacomplete The to the Girl—"I Sixth candle

in these Beauty. ourselves checking completing and Lord, to understand Teach me, is in told the following summent Olight asrequirements. BeeKeepers may Ward I that see Beauty The

sist final other checking and each must be mary:

hills, fertile in vales tow'ring In First Round the BeeKeeper before with Stake made tree."In flowers and bud and

is test the given. 30, 13 Afton Second North Midvale Seventh Girl—"I light the candle to the Huntington Park 37, Manavu 42

Value of Work. FiveYear Service Pin: Emmett 31, Salt Lake Third 56

Work is the mainspring of life Coalville 48, Roosevelt 23

The road to all progressiveness Any BeeKeeper who has filled all the St. Johns 3 1, McCammon 22

It makes keen minds and skilful hands requirements for the threeyear pin and Richfield 33, Raymond 28

And ends the day in happiness."has given two years'additional continuous Clearfield 24, Cedar Third 27

service is entitled to the fiveyear pin, Dimond 23, Logan Seventh 32 light candle the Girl—"I Eighth gift the of Truth. which is a from Board. General Second Round

to love the Truth, the Truth to pins To tell are These two be awarded at (Championship) highest aim; Should our be of the sessions one of Conference. June St. 46, Seventh John's Logan 27

all for with our.hearts Truth work those To attend not do ConferJune who To 20, 31 Midvale Cedar Third

eternal fame."Will ence, these pins be awarded may at speCoalville 33, 40 Manavu

cial stake gatherings as such quarterly Richfield Salt 40, 41 Third Lake light the bringGirl—"I of Sercandle Ninth conference conventions. and

vice.O the joy of rendering.Service qualifiedThere forare thestill pinsa fewlastBeeKeepersyear and whosewho Emmett 42, Raymond(Consolation)22

To one who is in distress names are on the General Board lists as Roosevelt 31, Huntington Park 38

Or in trying to sooth another's pain eligible, who haven't yet received their pins. Dimond 38, McCammon 44

With a smile and fond caress."We suggest that they get in touch with Afton 25, Clearfield 40

Tenth Girl theirat onceStakeand Presidenthave themorsendStakefor BeeKeeperthese pins. (Championship)Third Round

after achievement. comesJoy 31, Seventh Logan Midvale 34

fulfill the requirementsTo 27, Third Salt Lake 39 Manavu of the Spirit of BEEHIVE DANCES the Hive (Consolation) girls theIs of goal BeeHive 35, Clearfield that 33 learn urge McCammon the \I7e all SwarmsI light the candle of joy.

35, Huntington Emmett Park 39 folk "two for this dances suggested if you have not already done climax, the the year, girls give As a fitting so. St.RichfieldJohns 62,29, CedarCoalvilleCity5332

SaluteBeeHive PurGrief Hungarian and the BeeHive (The Dance and The

Fourth Round service; for girlpose: train to enrich "To girls Seven Jumps.) parYour may Championship faith to inhood; love a promote and God ticipate in your or Stake ward Dance 35, Manavu 28 Midvale( Secondfor plan."His Gospel Festival with or one these of both

(Consolation) I. the (In event your ward A. M. is dances. Crepe aprons paper caps and Salt 38, Third Lake Seventh Logan 40using the suggested Ceremony, Theme in red, white, for and green the HunCoalville 27, St. John's 35 else for the substitutedsomething be may

above ceremony.) garian Grief Dance would be very McCammon 40, Huntington Park 37

In addition to the above Spirit of the colorful. Ask your dance directors to In addition to Homer C. Warner and the

Hive Candle Lighting Ceremony, a few assist you in teaching these dances. entire Y. M. M. I. A. General Board M

remarks by the Bishop or the Y. W. M. Men Committee, appreciation for the outin supportI. A. President

organization be appropriate. would of the BeeHive THE UNIFORM standingis due JohnsuccessD. Gilesof thisand year'sW. O.tournamentRobinson

s far as possible all BeeHive Girls ofnamentthe GeneralDirector;Board,Dr.ReedDavidRichards,E. Smith,TourOther suggestive activities for Bee- A should the and wear own BeeHive Director; Medical the fourteen and MenHive M numbers by Week are—special It band. has as the adopted been District now Supervisors, follows: as girls theBeeHive evening on Tuesday

official District only 1: E. Richfield, BeeHive Kenney, uniform and Don may displayprogram; of handBee-Hive District 2: Utah; Vernon A. Jones, be at purchased Cedar the General Board cooking,books and Combs; Honey City, District 3: Utah; Arthur Larson, Ogoffice for the nominal cost of 30c. Firstcamping demonstrations; and Aid den, District 4: Utah; Ernest Olson, Oxthis wearing The Swarms uniform at girls ford, formatinee District Idaho; 5: BeeHive dance and Francis C. Williamcontaining their Swarm Day emblems son, Laketown, District filling 6: Utah; outings; hikes or ofBoy Scouts; LeRoy and fine awards a display. make Olson, Provo, District 7: Utah; William Badges; concluding SaturonHonor

wishing Swarms in dress a addition to Oliver, Price, 8: District Utah; PurRonald of the with theday Swarm.""Day

official the cell, band Falls, their choose Idaho 9: District Idaho; may L. own R. BeeKeepers'(See p. 172; Handbook, Bice, Falls, styles District Idaho; 10: materials. Twin and Reed band, The howBee-Hive Notes, 1936, Era March, and Richards, Salt City, District Utah; Lake ever, can nicely be with worn anyFebruary and 1937.) March, Montel Green, Montebello, Califor11: J. dress. together band The with the

nia; District 12: S. Sharp, James Oakland, emblems, BeeLines, and Badges Honor Service ThreeYear PintThe California; District 13: L. Stapley, D. are copyright and cannot duplibe Phoenix, District Arizona; 14: Wilford

It is the privilege of Stake BeeKeepers cated or other made by any company. Orman, Alberta, Van Raymond, Canada.

The journal OF ARCHER WALTERS CONCLUSION fashioned untimely coffins in which to lay at rest many of his fellow

HThe selftold story of a man who with his wife and five travelers, himself went to an early minor children, left home and country and comfort to grave a fortnight after reaching cast his lot with those who, in the midnineteenth century were Salt Lake Valley.

sacrificing all material considerations and even life itself for their Archer Walters died from dysentestimonies of the gospel truth. tery caused by eating cornmeal and

molasses, and aggravated by his weakened condition and lowered re26TH 2ND undernourishment,sistance resulting andfromphysicalexposure,exTraveled about 19 miles. Camped Platte River. Traveled 19 miles. haustion during the thirteen hundred

3 miles from Fort Laramie. Tucked Walter Sanderson, aged 56, died. mile journey of the first handcart

a piece a dagger baconaway for of of company which he was a mem3RD salt dollar sold oneand for and One ber. today's or knowledge, With Henshaw Met 4 wagons; from onefourth. bacon and Boughtand in with care medical proper even Barnes Nottingham, John from to beganmeal and and Henry me that his day, life might been have miles. 15 Traveled Sheffield.

eat it so hungry. were Fordraw we spared. the But save Lord, who,

ed the river. Sister Watts got hurt 4TH to judge what might have been best.is

by the wagon. My wife thinks she Traveled 10 miles. He gave his life to the supreme

over havewould way half fell when cost. cause counted not the and He

river. to 5TH Bro.the Lee came John his attained goal, immediate which Rested. Rained all day. assistance.her chilfive to reach "Zion."His was

27TH 6TH dren married in the Church, and

Traveled about 18 miles. Had Lost cattle. from these unions more than five

of hundred Walter's descendArcher supper; porridgebacon meal and for 7TH

live today, being most of them weeks.the best supper for many A Traveled 26 miles. Bro. Nipras ants

camp of Indians passed us. died. Left on the road. faithful to the cause for which their noble progenitor gave so much. The

28TH 8TH children of Archer Walters married

Traveled about 15 miles. Mend11 miles. Had dinner at Devils as follows: Sarah Ann Walters

ed handcarts good and had road Gate. married William Clayton, and had

hilly. Camped at a nice place called eleven children; Henry Walters

Creek.Horseshoe Mother and 12TH married Elizabeth and McEwan, Sarah very poorly. Harriet quite clothes.Sarah washed Harriet had six children; Walters

29TH well. married Addison W. Skankey, and

Traveled 25 miles. Met some 13TH had three children; Martha Walters

Californians. Camped Platte River. Traveled 28 miles. Camped at married Abraham Hardman, and

Paciffick Springs. Tucked a blanket had fourteen children; Lydia Wal30TH with a brother from the valley who ters married Marv. Dalton, and had

Traveled 22 miles. Met some came from Rotherham, named Goldthree children.

Californians and they told us that smith, part of Bro. Banks'wagon Harriet Cross Walters, wife of

the wagons were waiting at Deer company. Archer Walters, never remarried.

Creek for us. She held her husband's memory in

14TH cherished affection until she died31ST

Very poorly, faint and hungry. Traveled 3 miles. Camped to in Salt Lake City at the age of mend handcarts and women to seventyfour. She was mild andTraveled to Deer Creek, 22 miles.

died. Sister sweet, others, thoughtful wash. of beMayer and CarlisleBrother Stoddard from

all loved her. by knew She who old, died years about 54Conference, far as ends, so is lived record our with daughters. her Thus road. the onin the wagon More of the Archer Journal concerned, Considered standards from some out.provisions given

Walters, age 47, English craftsman of judgment the history of the handSEPTEMBER 1ST, 1856 and son of a wellto-dofamily, who, cart pioneers was one of sadness

Rested from travels. I mended in 1856, brought his wife, and five and tragedy. The spirit of gathercarts. Meeting about flour and paychildren between the ages of six and ing brought these noble men and

ing for extra that was brought in the eighteen years, from Sheffield, Engwomen from the four corners of wagons, 18c per lb. Harriet getting land, to Utah, by boat, rail, and earth. Limited means prevented

quite well and walks all the way. handcart, and who, after having (Concluded on page 255)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

1937 SUMMER SESSION AT THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

CLASS INSTRUCTION AND SPECIAL LECTURE

extensive and varied program will be offered by visiting An educators of recognized scholarship in addition to our resident faculty in graduate and undergraduate courses.

EDUCATION: Dr. Boyd H. Bode, Ohio State University

Miss Roma Gans, Columbia University

Director Henry Oberhansley, B. A. C, Cedar City

Mrs. Em Eccles Jones, Kindergarten

HOME ECONOMICS CONFERENCE:

Dr. E. V. McCollum, Johns Hopkins University

Dr. W. E. Blatz, University of Toronto

Miss Flora M. Thurston, Portland, Oregon

Miss Etta Scorup, State Supervisor of Home Economics

PHYSICAL EDUCATION:

Professor Eugene Roberts, University of Southern California

Professor E. R. Knollin, University of Oregon

Miss Bernice Moss, State Department of Public Instruction

COACHING: Two nationally known coaches in football and basketball will be present for the 11th annual Utah Aggie Coaching

School MUSIC: Miss Laura Bryant, Ithaca, New York, Public Schools

CHARACTER EDUCATION:

Dr. lohn A. Widtsoe

Dr. F. L. West

ZOOLOGY: Dr. Vascoll M. Tanner, Brigham Young University

LECTURE PROGRAM:

Dr. Edward Davison, University of Colorado

Dr. Ernest C. Lawrence, University of California

Many other prominent educators

THE SESSION BEGINS JUNE 7 AND ENDS JULY 1

POST SESSION OF REGULARLY SCHEDULED CLASSES JULY 19—AUGUST 13

Write for a Catalogue UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Logan, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

The Journal of CALIFORNIA COUNTRYSIDE NOW

Archer Walters ARRAYED IN SPRINGTIME GLORY (Concluded from page 253) more adequate modes of transportation. Seventeen pounds to a person,

including food, was the limit of load in a journey which required about sixteen weeks of travel, averaging eightyone and threefourth miles a week, Sundays being excepted.

There was not a company during the four years of handcart history (18561860) but which suffered hunger and hardship. But they

kept on, with conviction in their hearts.

Old and young perished by the wayside, but not before they had Night travel is now losing ground to daylight sightseeing trips to Greyyear, according at this time of to find easy the reason islearned that there are greater values and right through routes pass officials. above, pictured highway hound As

in life than can be measured or blooming orchards of apricot, peach and almond trees which are like spoken in terms of comfort and confairylands. Going past meadows and fields the justly famous California

for veritable paradise Into a landscape transform the wildflowers nowvenience.

tourists are California lovers artists, of beauty. fans and all camera Was such sacrifice in vain? In visits. their inclined prolong to ever than now more

the case of Archer Walters none would say so who could know of the blessings which have come to his hundreds of faithful descendants;

none would say so who could know of his wife's devotion to the memory MflMSfliiniiBBM life her full herof husband, and of ""* f 9 Water Conveyance before peaceful years mellowedand her death; none would say so who

could know of the peace of ArcherWalters who found eternal verities and Control in life, and no bitterness in death.

Such is the value Latterday are our specialties

Saints place upon the Gospel; such

Slide Headgates, Meter-—principlesis the mannerbeforeof life worldlyamong trueconvenmen

conscience—theience, and deathLordbeforeand betrayingHis word modelgates, forAutomaticevery waterGatescon-(a

before all else!

trol situation). Metal

Flumes, Welded Pipe, Corrugated Culverts are the materials of our daily work and of a Quarter Century of Hydraulic Experience.

The fruits of our experience are yours for the asking.

TWO DAUGHTERS OF ARCHER WALTERS

HARDMAN WALTERS MARTHA (LEFT) AND The R. Hardesty (RIGHT). LYD1A DALTON WALTERS

Note: Mrs. ]. R. McDonnel, a greatManufacturing

Walters, isgranddaughter of Archer deCompany with communicationsirous of establishing

Walters the descendants of Archerall of

All such 631 So. Third West St. Cross Walters. Harrietand

correspondence should be addressed to Mrs. Salt Lake City

J. R. McDonnel, 1409 East 13th South

Street Salt Lake City, Utah.

LU. oft diominq

ooo LET'S RIDE A HOBBY Emma R. Smith

"\\7hat is a hobby? It isn't work,

it isn't play, it isn't something!

we have to do, are forced to do, orl O should do; it isn't born with us; it'

doesn't have to be connected with our daily lives or our work or our relations or our money. Contrary to tradition a hobby is not a timewast- DIVINITY

er; it is a timesaver. It is indirectly educative and it is one of the best

known agencies for training in con- r*s centration. A man who can be deeply and continuously interested in a ure the hobby to have it entered on

habit of contindevelops the hobby list? child's a are fussy Folks about who horse was uous attention. A hobby 1. "it's It's light, be pleasurable to the child. | IS fudge say It must tops."originally a pacer—a horse that 2. It must be something he can do. smooth, creamy! Here's how:

It 3. too expensive. not be must lifted apat feet side both one on 2 sugar; cups cup * l/2 Y2 4. It others. not annoy must WMm time, that proximately the so Ghirardelli's same ChocoGround will It 5. that something make be must

late; corn syrup; cup little sidewise as V2 V2 cup rocked a he persons. other interesting to child he the more boiling water; 2 whites; egg his rider It child swing 6. progressed, the making to harmless and be must salt; 1 dessert teaspoon Vs everyone. to rhythm. comfortable easy to an and butter; 1 vateaspoon spoon

it 7. without child sugchoose must The nilla; 1 walnuts. chopped cup called gait amble. also anThis was urging. gestion or

A hobby horse is a horse with an 8. The child must be "good at"his All measures level. Mix sugar

easy, ambling gait. To do anyhobby. and Ghirardelli's Ground Chocsyrup olate; add has which been easily thing without and pleasantly, the with boiling water; Anything May Be a Hobby mixed strain or pressure, hobby. is to ride a soft ball to stage (about cook

Nature furnishes many interesting 236 F.) stirring until ingredients

Work and Hobbies hobbies. Learning about things is dissolve and then occasionally

prevent burning. Beat egg if fun, especially doesn't to the boy

to be is something accomstiff whites until dry, Work and almost article headed, have to do it An adding beating. salt while Beat interest the forplished a purpose; "Keeping Mosquitoes At Your onethird ofthe cooked mixture sucresult is in the of the activity; a

whites. into Then, the egg cook of sets forth a group Home,"how toactivities are cession of bound of remainder until mixture (alias to boys undertook gang)

is ball the crack in stage a that continuity reached a has gether rid their of mosquitoes and town F.). (270 to white egg Add is casgoal. something so hobby A tells mixture, too. successful, beating constantly for Another were IfffffM it particular set is of thatually no up about minutes; butter. two add trees of troop, planting a Scout Boy

it is or importance whether for done Beat again three minutes and fun, gaining everywhere, having

.'vanilla add and X. -:.::: ''. "': mixnuts.When really isn't It to intended donot.

perhealth, assets gathering toward piles ture ribbon fashion up and It's or good. anybody to do good, us

still has surface, glossy a pour building. sonality is a boy Here activity in of just the doing which an in buttered pan. Makes about ants, raises studies colonies of who fudge. two of pounds entertainhavewe pleasure—an that expert them, has so become If Caution: a you rainy choose day in the hobbyplay which or ment

this to on which fudge, make you may for naturalists specito send him is It find is it participant. that ambled rider a won't satisfactorharden

for mens. easily done;through, put away Here is a girl interested in the ily; just try it again on a sunny day. feverishly at and joydays; worked way different fabrics are made, and SAYGEARARDELLY fully; shown to people or hidden; of

collected a younger has girl who wellbal- ultimate or none; a worth folks... and are fussy who of different kinds over a thousand or a crazy opportune work their about andanced desserts say

girl the Another knows Ghirardelli's all! tops it it buttons. 'em else does, sport. Whatever

brings us pleasure, relaxation, a joydates of valuable pennies and has Not only in flavor but in collection. convenience! rare pennies in her no No grating; ful interest in life. many melting... already ground, couldn't spend any who A girl

money specialized in the kinds of ready for you! The couponChildren's Hobbies weeds growing in the vacant lots belownew "Sweetwill bringSixteen"you Recipeour Packet. No one should be so stupid as to adjacent to her home and finally inchoose a hobby for a child. The terested some florists in helping her

D. inCompany,child has hobby can be no the objectionto with who most do away

, San Francisco 910 GhirardelliNo possibilities of to a little thetroduced able. a hobboy made A very free, Please send. Pointme,St.

of hobbies, however. Then ones.number the new of by common A iiiy editionSixteen"ofyourRecipefamousPacket,"Sweet[E2] let alone. hobIf one behe should of all sixyear-old stones—justgirl kept a book

by he has met becomes his, well the words she learned from the time

Nameand good—only let it be of his own she began to read. It was finally

choice. By what test shall we meas- (Concluded on page 259) Address256

Styled to Steal the Show!... You know what happens

when a beautiful and talented star appears on the stage.

She steals the show! And that is what the new Chev

rolet with Diamond Crown Speedline Styling has done on the motor car stage this year. Outstandingly beautiful,

styled to express youth and zest, it has won enthusiastic preference as the smartest car in its price range.

THE ONLY COMPLETE CAR—PRICED SO LOW

NEW HIGHCOMPRESSION VALVEIN-HEAD ENGINE—NEW ALLSILENT, ALLSTEEL BODIESNEW DIAMOND CROWN SPEEDLINE

STYLING—PERFECTED HYDRAULIC BRAKES—IMPROVED GLIDING KNEEACTION RIDE*—SAFETY PLATE GLASS ALL AROUND—GENUINE

FISHER NO DRAFT VENTILATION—SUPERSAFE SHOCKPROOF STEERING*. *KneeAction and Shockproof Steering on Master Pe Luxe models only.

General Motor* Installment Plan—monthly payments to suit your purse. CHEVROLET MOTOR DIVISION, General Motors Sales Corporation, DETROIT, MICH.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

THE STEADY GROWTH

of Jftrt g>tmtity Corporation JSanfes

indicates the high type of banking service enjoyed by their customers throughout the intermountain territory

MAY WE SERVE YOU?

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH FIRST NATIONAL BANK

National Association Salt Lake City

With branches at With branches at

Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham, Magna, Sugarhouse Tooele

Park City, Richmond FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

With branches at Salt Lake City

Boise, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, Idaho

Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home, FIRST SECURITY BANK

Nampa, Payette, Pocatello, Preston, Rupert, Rock Springs, Wyoming

Shoshone

Members of

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

or child, man, woman, who furThe J n Q ( Concluded from page 256 HOm for himself makes nishes a hobby Z.C.M.I. used by a writer on language dehis own happiness and fortifies his

velopment. Another child was alpersonality.

Just Imagine! lowedtime heto keepcoulda wieldscrapbookthe fromscissors.the

extra long, pure satin Everything he liked went into the cutouts, drawings, Demand the Sugar slip for only book—pictures, himself. poems, pictures he made

at the mature age Made from Beets $050 When he arrived his of of the history seven, developthis Grown in Your truly from could read be ment

The TOLJANE book. Another child was uncontailored by Barbizon sciously composing musical phrases Community

before her family realized she was musical.

Children at different stages of development enjoy collecting things, making things, doing things.

Hobbies and Personality If you want to build yourself a wholesome personality, you must plan to make yourself more likable.

To be likable, you must be interesting. No one can be interesting who

has no interests that really tie him to a satisfaction in life. If the world

is all drab to him, the personality is likely to be all drab, too. To be

interested in many things a little, and in some one thing a great deal, is to be mentally healthy and attractive. An inner source of satisfaction makes an individual happier.

HighestGrade The Advertisers, Granulated and Where You Will Find Full 50 long, inches faultlessly finished fits and charm. like a Made of Satin Their Messages Quick Dissolving

Gartiere; closely woven, sturdy, and American Smelting: & Refining: Co 270

washes like a hankie. With double Beneficial life Ins. Co Back Cover

Glass Bennett Paint Co 264 lockstitched neverrip Blush, seams. & 267 and Young: University white, black, Brigham Sizes brown. navy and

32 to 44. Short, medium and tall. Chevrolet Motor Co 257

Continental Oil Co 4 267 ouv PASTE THIS POST CARD (WUVW Deseret Book Co 262 ON A

City, 268 Powdered Sugars Z. C. M. I., Salt Lake Utah Deseret Mortuary

Please send me ( ) Barbizon Slips Deseret News Press 270! SizeShort ( ) MediumColor { ) Tall ( ) FirstFuller,SecurityW. P.,CorporationCo 258270

Furst & Thomas 269 Ghirardelli's 256 Glen Bros. Music Co. 265

Grant, Heber J., & Co 260

Manufacturing: Hardesty Co 255

Interstate 266 Manufactured by Brick Co

Kimball Organ Co. 260

KSL Inside Back Cover Kress, S. H., & Co 269 UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

Landes Tractor Company 261 Business L. College.....195 D. S. 193 Salt Lake City, Utah School of Music McCune

i Morning Milk 266 Mountain Fuel Supply Co 269 Nephi EARTACS New GrandPlasterHotel& Mfg. Co 260265

Pacific Greyhound Lines 255 Panama Pacific Line 195 271 Provo Book Bindery School Quish of Beauty Culture 271 |\ el MAN

Rawleigh, W. T., & Co 259

Salt Lake Hardware Co 263 259 kWANTED Salt Lake Co Stamp

Shell Oil Inside Co. Front Cover Route. Rawleigh regular a TOR Standard Brands, 268 Inc steady give you means This Taylor 267 Co families. & service to 800 auto

wellestablished University of 263 similar Utah While satisfied with $25 be must earn week, you routes $100 a 265 Engraving Utah Co necessary experience first months. No the few a week 259 UtahIdaho Sugar Co 25age industrious, reliable, selected be must but man Free Samples for Send Oil Refining 196 Utah Co Rawleigh authorized an will become right 50. The man Light 267 Utah Power capital & started on our necessities, for Dealer 250 home

used on Savings Rawleigh now Trust 264 old Utah way year Co trained the 45 and & complete for CO. Write now SALT LAKE Routes. STAMP nearly 9,000 Rawleigh State Agricultural College. 254 Utah

information. 1 Z. 259 C. M. West Broadway **-whk III. Freeport, CO. RAWLEIGHwh—n—, (i—*43 11/21

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

Church Security- A SPECIALLY Retrospect, Introspect, DESIGNED When YOUR

Home Burns... Prospect(Concluded from page 210) PIPE ORGAN

There's a certain amount of that the greater the excellence of FOR comfort to know that should any man's performance, the more fire destroy your home tonight secure his employment, would they that you are covered by Fire be content until through the studies LD.S. CHAPELS

Insurance. of the quorums and the auxiliary organizations every educational and

will insurance Such indemnify cultural opportunity was provided for the loss you incurred and to individual every improve the of to allow rebuild you your quorum? home without financial hardship. Priesthood must mean "service"

today as it has never meant before!

It's worth a good deal to have this protection in these times. Fifth Step

See our agent in your town.

We must acquire the courage to meet the challenge of today's problems. One year ago, good seed was

it fell on fertile sprouted UTAH HOME FIRE sowngroundandwheremuchit ofhas INSURANCE CO. is beginning to grow. If thereandis ConsoleTwentyfirstof the specialWard Chapel,L. D. S. PipeSalt LakeOrganCityin the

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. proper cultivation and fertilization

General Agents we may expect a great harvest of A beautiful pipe organ has been blessings that will build of a haven especially S. designed D. for L. 22 South Street Main

all safety security for and keep staff the technical Chapels of by who Salt City, Lake Utah the of Lord. the the commandments in Kimball Company W. W.

When, as a result of the productive consultation with the leading mulabor of our people, surplus comsicians of Salt Lake City.

modities are on hand in excess of This instrument has four sets of the immediate needs of the Church, pipes, each selected for its particwe are face to face with a problem ular fitness to the requirements of that demands solution. the L. D. S. Church. It is built

strictly in with the accordance find most of our unemployed We specifications of the American are today unskilled laborers. How NEPHL Organists. Guild of may we train the unskilled in the

tested technical developEvery labor of complicated uncerSuper-Acoustic midst is organ building ment ofmodern tainties? our distressmost of With

every respect except size, it is equal Plaster edsecurefamiliesliving inguaranteedcities andinthefarmingmost employed in its construction. In

finest this the to products of world rehabilitation communities, seems throughout the Used builder. pipe famous organ

solution. our only of youths Many University Library

first this deinstrument of The the are look forced to today Church Building and sign the purchased Twentywas by for financial elsewhere business and of the Church's Many first (Bishop Harold Chapel Ward their opportunities inof because finest structures in

City. Salt Reynolds), G. Lake You abilities gain to a foothold within California Utah and

it. to inspect are cooperaIn urged the of Shall the Church. body we D L. the with D. S. tion General Music help to them community become A beautiful, durable, builders by becoming home owners? ticalCommittee,instrument,we offercompletelyyou an idenin- soundabsorbing

wall finish These and many other (similar stalled, for only $1975.

n problems must claim our attention and in the solution of which, courManufactured by a requisites clear thinking age are and of Corporation Utah are build to "a defense and if we - a wwKIMBALLco. 80 th ANNIVERSARY 45years standing

CH l(C ILL KIMBAllHALL the refuge thus bestorm"from and come a "light set upon a hill that

NEPHI PLASTER & othersglorify seeingour ourFathergoodwhichworks mightis in aboutWe theare specialinterestedL. D.inS.furtherChapel detailsorgan. MANUFACTURING Heaven."

COMPANY Ward 401 Dooly Block, AddressSalt Lake City, Utah City By

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

those two miles, home and back, in here go to bed just about that time.

April Foo the time she did! So: Get your stuff fixed, and mailed

(Continued from page 228) One key after another grated pronto, and get back here on time.

redhanded, Fooler April up! Catch your gave and Then—"Click!"into stuck a cuphead was My interillumi- in! He'll slipped to speak. have so some Dorothy She I theboard, heard suddenly when

I little tried esting cabin! hapexplanation he the dark nated of how close, softly.door Wasn't Wind? the in this gurgled. sort of of to neck to around only pens but speak, be clicked? the keyany! Then—had o'night! Likely talking, that time time waste woods "Don't TomIIn had! found jumps two out—it ) ( if I finds on could! the dropped pretend key must he my!""You As

I tiny to the window, one dashed

I hustle, hustle! the minground! about need two But Tommy! Now,

it in sight!threw open. Nobody

I'll stuff Listen time. finish putting of valuable Pete's utes your Old the opsnap twigs I heard onBut miscreant put the lock key up, locked away, young and and The who cabin.posite of the side

if in in sprint!"any, the knothole. won't much, back be you Now

"Hi there!"I shouted. "Hi! Hi!"before eight. Boys have a way of "Oh, Dorothy—"

me—AprilNo response.First!ThenSomeit flashedkid outon rememberinggoing to bed. thingsAnd thejustboysas aroundthey're "Sprint!"(Continued on page 265)

prospecting about, and saw a shining opportunity! Well, the little

smartysoon—wouldn'twould bedaresure carryto comehis backjoke

too far.

I stared calculatingly at the window, and for the first time wished I wasn't such an "out size."I was

fuming back and forth over Old

Pete's beautiful finished woodchuckskin rugs, trying to think how I could burrow my way through those massive timber walls, when again I heard twigs snap, this time under the exasperatingly small window.

"Hi there! Hi, you imp!"I bellowed.

"Talking to me?"

The one voice! And Dorothy

Gay's little rosy, impudent face popped up close to mine, at the window!

"Recognized your voice, Tommy.

Out hunting wintergreen for Grandma's spring appetite. What's

bothering you, Tommy?"

Gay—everUsually thesincemereshe'dsightgrownof Dorothyup

had reduded me to dumbish imbecility. But now, those plans! She

knew when they had to go, and how

I'd kept hanging on to them until the last day to see if there wasn't someRequest FREE thing more I could do to the things. folders and

I made explanations with admircatalogs o n THE name "Caterpillar"on a Diesel able brevity as to the how and why "Caterpillar"power unit, engine or tractor stands present confinement in theof my Diesel power for 32 years of progressive experiencecabin, concluding:

resulting in such superior "And now I suppose the little imp units, engines—experience

bas dropped me absolutely out of and tractors or performance that "Caterpillar"has built whatsay—maybehe thinkshe leftis histhemind!key in But,the distillateing tractors.burnunitsand soldand moretractorsDieselEVERYengines,YEARpowerthan

door!"Infinitesimal pause. any other company.

"No, Tommy. But I bet there's

one that'll fit, in a box of 'em Dad keeps.tf He's nuts on keys. I'll

run LANDES TRACTOR & EQUIPMENT CO. "But Darl—Dorothy! It's so far,and such going, and—"Caterpillar 9'Distributor

"Piffle! 'Voir!"

"But Dor—"HEADQUARTERS—245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City

She was gone! And how she did

Brigham Young—The Man and Fighting Angel Dust of the Desert

( Pearl S. Buck, HitchReynal and His Work

1936. York, 302 New pages.) by{ ByJackJackVanWeadock.Ryder. IllustrationsIntroduction ( Preston Nibley, Deseret News Press, cock,

Salt Lake City, 1936, 551 pages.) HPhose who read The Exile will be by George H. Doran. D. Appleton

doubly eager to read this story of Century Company, New York.

last there year f ate came from the the author's is to complefather which *"* this press book, supplementing new her mother's ment and together to be /Veorge H. Doran of Tucson, Arithe several other works already dealtitled The Spirit and the Flesh. From zona, writes in his introduction to

ing with the great and colorful life the time when as a lad of seven he had this book:

of the West's most renowned colonizer, heard himself called a runt by kind "My name has so seldom appeared beBrigham Young. This work by PresMrs. Pettibrew, to the day of his death, yond the copyright page in any book that I

ton Nibley first appeared in serial occasioned partly by the tragic Yangtse must give reason for my present adventure form in The Deseret News during flood, Andrew lived in the spirit rather into text.

it I is "I that have concluded because 193435. the author's foreword in As than the the goodness flesh—exalting part in take to always have wanted a indicates, itself as the bears and book his which in praised mother him. had

rodeo. being to ride able bronc, a Not out, is left to largely Brigham Young the this religious in seven sons, Of famsteer, bust or calf a to a or or rope even for himself.speak source ily Voluminous into which born, been had Andrew I hold seat spirited a on cowpony, my material, Historian's from the six Church ministers. became needs in take limitations must of refuge my

office and from his journal, his sermons Fighting Angel was solely and amateur impressario and present these two and his letters, has been strung on the wholly dedicated to the calling of his Jacks to a public which I am sure will chronological story of the West's most ministry. Never for one moment did share my enthusiasm for their work. They

splendidly pair. a matched make They figure.dominant author has been The forget he himself or indulge in of are any

into literary entry the rodeo as team a his inconservative interpretation and follies the petty lives the beset which the the the hazing one other captowardcoloring this lifestory, of man's but of most old young people. and Such ture. is Their bold, picturesque and work

sincere in his admiration. ardent This life's in his absorption is comaccurate. work

is not the first Brigham Young volume mendable if it does not wipe out the "They never fail to get their steer."

to find a host of eager readers, nor will tender relations which one should bear it probably be the last; but it is finding to his family. I merely wish to add that I know

its way by the thousands into Church Mrs. Buck once again achieves with Jack Van Ryder personally to be an

and nonchurch libraries to take wellthe forcefulness of her imagery, the Arizonaborn cowboy artist of conplacedeserved greattributes to among poignancy of subject her matter, and siderable ability. has Jack Weadock

field in theness of biography, style. of L. E. her mastery R. C. /. M. given us here stories thirtyone that are

During Conference only, the Deseret Book Company will offer numerous books, both old works and new, at greatly reduced prices. These Conference specials are regular

stock items, which, during Conference only, you may get at bargain prices. This is your opportunity to save on numerous desirable books.

DON'T FAIL TO INVESTIGATE OUR CONFERENCE

SPECIALS The Deseret Book Company is yearround headquarters for all general literature as well as for all Church literature. We

specialize also in supplying books for both private and school libraries.

MAIL ORDERS GIVEN EXPERT, PROMPT SERVICE m iTBOOI 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

t

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

as redolent of the spirit of the SouthThe book does not limit itself to phrases west as were Kipling's of the English but also investigates the usage of cersoldiers in India. Professor H. R. tain words familiar to all of us; for

Merrill, Director of the Extension Diinstance, such diverse words as monvision of the B. Y. 11. iker and Coventry are discussed. Suit 9

The author has another interesting

Arizona and Its Heritage and practical book to his credit: Wild from your local

(Published by the University of Names I Have Met.—M. C. J.

Arizona, Tucson, Arizona, 1936.) INDEPENDENT Turn Your Imagination

"pVERY part of earth should be studied Into Money DEALER—

Ariunderstood and by mankind. Giles, Harper and Brothers, (Ray

sells not only serves He thezona, youngest state in the Union, York, 1934.) New you "good"merchandise you best—butat no higher

prices the than kind. ordinary its for enterdeserves commendation past, the from from borrowing Dyprise, for that the well as as romance is taxpayer He heavy a supports and indusnature, abroad, from from local charities worthy therefore and its in bulletincenters boundaries. This

helps carry local tries, people, tax "you"hobbies, other burdens. from fromoffers of authoritative great wealth a takes active part He peran and a details carefully out working and by sonal interest all in civic local worthy it ismaterial since excompiled by

aiiairs. spots, exthe considering by weak fields. their inperts various

tells perimentation, us Giles Mr. we climate, physiography, Geology,

find thing the to very able be may DESERVES HE soils, resources, natural archeology, is to purchase. eager the world which justhistory, including of treatment a SUPPORT YOUR puts author the which emphasis The state, in religion that arethe Mormon this especially book on makes work

all interestingly. treated adequately and of are valuable. those examples His

is Its bro- a HeritageArizona and all not respect can and men MR. we whom DEALER—that of us to shouldchure glad any be of those getrich-quickWalling- the

it for contains. the informationlead the Merchandise character. ford of Luther Burtype—M. C. /. bank, whom most of us call the "plant "SixPoint Way"

beand always wizard,"be a jump ahead a wonderworker was OriginsPhrase oi competition the value of work, concause he knew (Alfred H. Holt, Thomas Y. Crowell

Company, New York, 1936.) centration,faith. Evencourage,though weconsecration,may not desireand TheSalfLafce

this are money, shown will prove of to book more make we A lthough cHaitfwareCo.** qualities the the alert of mind and to teachers mote interest of EngExclusively"be- "Wholesale

lish and to writers than to the general come more eager to realize the responSalt Lake City Pocatello reader, there is enough general interest sibilities which lie in our own fields. Boise Grand Junctionto warrant its rather careful perusal.—M. C. J.

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SUMMER SESSION, 1937 June 14—July 23; Post Session July 26—August 20

Offers courses in physical and biological sciences, languages and literature, speech correction and dramatics, history and political science, economics, sociology and social work, education, psychology, philosophy, physical education and hygiene, art, music, typing and stenography, home economics.

Daily public lectures by eminent educators.

M, I. A, workers will be especially interested in courses in Guidance and Personnel by Miss

Elizabeth K. Wilson, Director of High School Counseling in Kansas City, Mo., Public Schools;

also in Physical Education by Dr. Chas. H. Keene of the University of Buffalo; and Athletic Coaching by I. J. Armstrong and Vadal Peterson; also in exceptional offerings in Art, Music, and Speech.

Field course in Biology for scout masters.

Institute of Public Affairs for community leaders. June 28-]uly 2.

Write for Bulletin: Address The President

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH Salt Lake City

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

Scriptural CrossWord Puzzle—A Pearl From Paul

(1 Cor. 13:1) For

EFFICIENT Spring Cleaning Bennett's Cleansers and Polishes There's one for every household need.

Look for this mark

Manufactured and sold by BENNETT GLASS & PAINT GO, 6165 W. First South St.

W. A. W. Co NO, 2.7 And Dealers Throughout the

Intermountain Country ACROSS

1 "... all knowledge"1 Cor. 13: 2 34 Peacock butterfly

4 "... I know in part"35 Descendant of Asher 1 Chron. 7: 35

6 Company 37 "... when I became a man"

11 Insect mentioned in Isa. 7: 18 38 "but rejoiceth in... truth"

12 "He that... in me"John 15:5 40 Mouth

14 American Bible Society 41 Judah's firstborn Gen. 38: 715 Middle Atlantic state 43 "he that is... among you shall be Complete

16 Durra, a kind of millet your servant"Matt. 23: 11

17 "substance of things hoped for"46 Black bird19 "which... we have as an anchor of 48 Weight of India Banking

the soul"Heb. 6: 19 49 "are all workers... miracles?"

for of mice (Dial. Eng.) 51 "none21 Trap

"... faileth"of never 5422 the.. arm. things move me"Service.. Bone

25 "And he shall rule them with a rod 55 "... not puffed up"

2:.."Rev. of. 27 which 56 "put on..., is the bond of The general forward

.. perfectness"Col. earnestly. best gifts"3: 1427 "covet

28 "the least of..."Matt. 25: 40 movement in business

in is Titus of chapters 1, Paul 17, 12, 4, from 19, 22, Number30 A Pearl in of Pompeii"Character "Last and Days 28, 30, 51, 37, 38, 55, 56 finds this strongcon- 43, 49,33 who became a Christian combined servative bank coop- erating with its clients DOWN in every possible way.

1 Behind 28 Belonging to a Tibetan race Our complete service 2 This family signed the covenant with 29 "the... of prayer"Acts 3: 1 includes commercial

10: Neh. Nehemiah 19 30 Row

tips (anag.) I need 3 Foolish; 31 "..., every one that thirsteth"and savings accounts,

4 Egyptian city Jer. 2: 16 32 "the Lord brought an... wind"trusts, abstracts and

rather 5 Siamese to measure 36 "willing be... from the safe deposit boxes.

6 Cor. 5: Greek letter 8 body"2

7 Stranger 39 Symbol for mercury 8 Paul had perils in this 40 "And all that handle the..., the

9 Valley bottom (Scot.) mariners"Ezek. 27: 29

10 Against Son of Benjamin Gen. 46: 21 42 &

Exclamation13 Ancestor 44 of Christ Luke 3: 25 TTTAPf savings18 Neat 45 Container tlAn TRUST CO.

19 House of Commons 47 Symbol for Jesus 235 South Main Street ".20 23 Short.. articleof turtledoves"Luke 2: 24 5250 PalmettoNote State Member Federal Reserve System

94 "... as lions'whelps"53 Exclamation Member Federal Deposit

6 Violent whirlwind 54 Home of Abraham Gen. 11: 31 Insurance Fund

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

APRIL FOOL

'Jes'"Dorothy! speak up, I—I—"an'spress yo'se'f!"Don't Attend The "But Dorothy—(Continued from page 261)

just sounded, footsteps then But "Sprint!"

the by! pan off April Conference whipped She I sprinted. close

the stove, and slid into the pantry. Hearing Withoutthe Wonderful

With the plans mailed, I A key turned smartly in the lock.was back at Old Pete's cabin quite a The door opened briskly. NEW

bit before eight. Rand Whitburn!

I was making for the knothole, "Why, Tom! Camping out? Hadthinking how Dorothy's hair shone to cross lots, and Mother wanted me HAMMOND

to bring this basket of apples to Oldin sunshine, when—the door flew

open! Pete. Knew he'd be back soon "Dorothy!"And her hair was and knew where the key was."ORGAN

just as commendable in the light "Gosh! That smarty must have

from Old Pete's kerosene wall lamp! dropped the key back into the knot-

"Shocked, Tommy? Quite right! hole. Open secret, I guess, where

But there's a reason for this unanOld Pete keeps it. You see,

Rand—"incorrect appearancenounced—and

I was going on, to explain to him person Gay, inof Miss Dorothyexplanations later. Got to—about the boy, when Dorothy flashShe locked the door, and removed ed out of the pantry. She looked

the key. "Don't want any obstruclike a little upto-date avenging

tion in the way of the next unlocker. angel!

Got the window darkened too, so "Apples for Old Pete! Rand

I pussyfoot Whitburn, up saw you be amaybe he'll bit worried—think

it, to door, that the lock put and dinner, 'swooned'!you've Had

I just pocket! in your key was I! up Just WhatChapelYou orNeedHome!For Your let's Nor Tommy, No?Tommy?

20 INSTALLED OVER hill, HAVE WARDS in thicket. the the Right cedar supplies into Pete's bust Old LAST SINCE APRIL—let's THEM

I after in at to lunch happened drop CONFERENCEI fire build to a a smoke make-—not

in of Low get out can told Deborah's, she Price—Never Aunt and me his oilstove!"use summer or affect not heat does tune—Cold

to she'd sent Easy is where required onlyit She Tommy. did. seeing somehow, And Play—Spaceft. 4 about or We no reeds square—Has that in just mentioned you'd been pipes. into the pan, eggs breakher her with

253,000,000 Over Colors Tone I too. that told you, she'd hapandlittle intent earnbright face so and Demonstrations Every During Day to plans pened Tommy's know at Conference Salt Our Store Lake likeest, just kid our on picnics—it Sure Be Attend and finished, quite weren't and when too much!was

mailed; they to be had and somehow

I out, "Dorothy! yapped

I I I—I—guess hunch. a had knew GLEN BROS.—I up!I choked smart watertight you'd have some

Street MUSIC74 South COMPANYMain "Yes, going Tommy? Were you to explanation give when Tommy

to say, 'One side only,'or 'flip 'em'? (Concluded on page 268)

WE OFFER.... >()'M O fH

i A COMPLETE A Mecca For ENGRAVING SERVICE Conference From missionary portraits to the largest Visitors catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Modern

120 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Fireproof

Solution to March Puzzle

F R E E V R M i S E S N F E H E R w R & R *

1 E. s A D E H T V E R & # T R E A s U R E Y U R &

c z A R E N & E A K & D & -R V E E E V T S o & #1 S S A E T) L V1 p 1 $ R L T H E W L $ E

S L C A s o A T c & u R M H Y E T A R & V E 1 E N T E NEW GRANDM. H. Thompson, ManagerHOTEL L T E K D

o E L Main and Fourth South Streets SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH B E A L s *

C o L E u R A w A s $ R N0.il 265

T Tse A magnet to separate your weed *"* seeds. A Hungarian patent has

been given to separate plantain andExploring the universe other weed seeds from the valuable

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. trifoliumwith a powder(clover)includingby mixingiron.the seedsThe

powder sticks to the weed seeds but

HThe leg of a rat has been success- A coal tar product, phthalic acid, not to the clover, and can be then fully transplanted from one ani- * has been combined with comseparated by magnets.

mal to another. The rat could wiggle pounds of zinc and other metals to rethe toes on his new leg. duce the action of harmful ultraviolet

light on paint.

A hundred thousand combinations, "like Monel metal, pewter, and solder, can be made of the 40 metals which can be used as alloys, estimates a metallurgist. If a difference of 10

per cent is considered as a new alloy, then the possible number of mixtures amounts to more than eight million.

2000 USP Units of Vitamin often takes Ctuttering many strange A and 400 USP Units of different forms with people. One

man who knew both Chinese and EngVitamin D have been lish, stuttered in Chinese but not in "Dish eat plants, but also plant eats English. One didn't stutter when added to each Tall Can of

in fish. found bladderwort, The talking unless to a cat he addressed it SPECIAL MORNING States of andthe United the waters as Cat."current sughelpful "Mr. A

fish. eats This catches andCanada, gestion meeting with success is to have it BENEFICIAL MILK,giving water. lives entirely underplant the stutterer practice in stuttering, and

< time he may be able to control it. EFFECTS OF COD LIVER

OIL...Capphiresstones to bearelookedused at,commonlybut artificialas fA new rubber soap wrapper has been

white sapphires are also used as win- ** patented. It is designed to take

Scientists through. to looked bedows the place of the conventional paper ASK YOUR DOCTOR the best windows themfound to watch wrappers to keep and the soap weaththe explosions in automobile cylinders. erand waterproof.

STOP! THINK!

BRICK was used for building and decorative purposes before CHRISTIANITY was established] It has been used EVER SINCE!

WHY?

BECAUSE BRICK has Quality and COLOR BURNED IN

BRICK is MORE ECONOMICAL BRICK is DEPENDABLE BRICK is PERMANENT

INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY

3180 So. 11th East - Salt Lake City, Utah

IDAHO BRICK COMPANY Pocatello - Idaho.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

-n i, >.] iiExploring The Universe

A COMPLETE Among the huge insects of the past * is a huge dragon fly having a wing COOKING and SERVING spread of up to thirty inches.

ENSEMBLE

Artificial fever has been used to * treat many stubborn, chronic diseases.

An average of 16,000,000 tons of rain Qd&aA * falls each second on the world.

ARE THE SEEDS

. OF PROGRESS.

Thinkers capable of stimulating sound mental growth will teach in the B. Y. U.

Summer Quarter. Such men

as these have been engaged Regular Value to augment the splendid regular faculty:

$9.95 Warren C. Davis, Ph. D., Professor of

York. SPECIAL $7.95 -63 W.Education, Rochester Institute, New W. Henderson, Ph. D., Professor

A. C. LIMITED of Zoology and Entomology, U. S. aid in tracking OFFER crime Another Supervisor Ph. D., Bennion, Lynn is a M. electrically and "Now you can cook fingerflourescent of Education. L. S. newly developed D. Department

this President, graciously D.. Ph. Creer, with H. serve Complete it is difficult print Since to Leland powder. College. Weber Cooking EnServing and Matched

Gila President, find Fuller, E. D., a Edgar can be seen J. which powder Preby ManningBowman. semble College. against all colors of backgrounds neatly are foods S., Instructor scooped B. pared Graves, Charles W.

of University Education, in Physical fingerprints found, be might to the the cooker from

Calif. Southern serving tray diameter the by means1 1 inchof whereuranium with salts are mixed of A., Director Virgil Smith, M. pow- W.

Server. the handy Seattle Instruction invisible Research, are der. Fingerprints PickUp and which

Cooker, Tray, and PickUp Server in ordinary light glow or "fluoresce"ClaudeSchools.Eggertsen, M. S., Secondary

oil are beautifully chromium finin ultraviolet light when this new powTraining School, University of Minsolid trimmings. walnut ished with der P. D., Character Ph. Lloyd, is used, and can then be photoWesleynesota. with full cooker The Religion. of Education, Sociology graphed.

inch size removable x 9$4 is5Hequipped lecturers brilliant on Also, many grids. cooking aluminum problems. modern

Ceveral companies in the United SUMMER QUARTER States are making onevisibility June 14 - August 27 one see through can you glass—glass

other. the Standing on AlpineFirst Term:Term: JulyJune 26August14-July 23 27 but not way,SEE YOUR DEALER one side an observer can see nothing For Information, Write

or but apparently a perfect mirror, and his own reflection. But anyone standing BRIGHAM YOUNG

on the other side can see perfectly as UTAH POWER & through an ordinary window. A house UNIVERSITY

built of transparent glass and PROVO, UTAH be can strictly private. LIGHT CO yet be

CONOCO GERM Company This is the time to think ofSchool Rings and Pins. We PROCESSED OIL

can furnish you with these articles. Refinement of deCONOCO... THE ONLY OIL THATsign and quality makes us

an outstanding Manufacturer.

162 So. Main St.

Phone Was. 5123 Salt Lake City, Utah OILPLATES YOUR ENGINE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

Is the Supreme Court Usurping Power?

(Concluded from page 203) BOTHERED WITH PIMPLES?

is fortified by the common under-.... Then try eating two cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast daily,

standing of the members of the Conbefore meals.

vention which drafted the instruFleischmann's Yeast helps clear the skin by ridding the blood ment and the Conventions of the of waste poisons that often cause unsightly skin eruptions.

States which ratified it, and of the early Congresses which recognized Start Fleischmann's Yeast Today. Your Grocer Carries It.

and asserted the existence of the power. -.,'/'"> The moderation with which this

Supplies Vitamins over has been a period usedpower of les20 dance FREE!—book fifty years,of one hundred and and FLEISCHMANNS sons given by Arthur Murray

selfrestraint practicedthe by that YEAST away in return for Fleischmann's over all thatCourt time, period of should abate any fears that the ex- >?"Yeast labels! Ask your grocer.

istence and exercise of such author- ""'"ll Il ity in any way menaces our future.

It is with the Court a cardinal principle that no law passed by Congress shall be held unconstitutional FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST except upon clear showing that it transcends Constitutional limitations to the injury of some litigant before it. It steadfastly refuses to sit in underprivileged classes, and has

judgment on the wisdom, or soundnot hesitated to rule against the in- A blood test to show the probable ness of the Acts of Congress, so terests of industry when such ruling outcome of pulmonary tuberculosis long as they are within Constituwas proper in the just application has been developed.

tional limits. Neither is it fair to of legal principles. It has refused, 4

say that the Court has by its decieven under pressure, to break down C eventyone percent of childless marsions favored one class over anothand destroy established law, realizriages have been found to end in er. It knows no class. It could ing that even though in an individdivorce.

readily be shown if it were not beual instance the result might be deyond the scope of this article that sirable, yet "the precedent must alover-balance has been consistently ways greatlythe Court in per- /halk-> ticallyservesall toothas thepowders.base for praclegislation partial or transient to evil, any having for manentsympathetic

its object the improvement of the benefit which the use can at any conditions of laboring and socalled time yield."

APRIL FOOL (Concluded from page 265) Service you came to let him out—after it was

too late for him to mail his plans!

Above Well, they're mailed, all right! Apples tor Old Pete!"

All She had come and stood close beside me. And nothing else, just

SALT then, seemed to me of the slightest LAKE importance. I began and went on

just where I'd left off when we were

PROVO interrupted. And nothing else seemed of the slightest importance to

OGDEN Dorothy!

Rand stood a minute, looking turned stumdazed. he and Then

I for sorry to feel PRICE bled away. had

the fellow. I'm afraid he heard

NEPHI Dorothy's "sweet and low,"but distinct, ultimatum:

PAYSON "April Fool!"

Oh yes, my plans won out. And

of course I was glad, particularly as

DESERET MORTUARY COMPANY ningI owedwasthatan anticlimax—afterto Dorothy. But Dorwin-

3 othy!

THEIMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN blowsgains anddeliveredtheir orlossesreceived.as so Inmanytwo

(Continued from page 216) hours Bitseel had won Posey's horse

And there was the superhonor of spirit, and the Navajo took the and saddle and the promise of still getting the matchless horse by money. He also took the next two two more horses.

stealth or by cunning from an enbets of a dollar each. When on top of all this the

third of the Navajo a promise won if it this reason,emy. For very in surging Posey's Something horse, in something thinkPosey's difficult steal Bitseel's to toobecame loss feelings of protested the against lid ing hot machine the became and horse,top pinhimself found Posey his this screwing up and money off. thieving coyote!"blew "You alling the to big the meet more five dollars. resolution bet he He is stallion exploded; he pinto "My the with cards theNavajo on dollar the to a won. good was He all worth than of three these moreblanket. his luck of working. was charm He horses."promised the threw He Bitseel, to wouldn't Posey speak a fellow a from young elbowed in the cards kickface Navajo's and to delightedthough he pass him by sat place the blanket and down by after blanket ed the them.

in silence. Bitseel contemptible in the to leading take game. a hand

wouldn't look at Posey or betray The big Navajo, his foolish little hat (Continued on page 270) that he was aware of the "skunk"strapped on his head of heavy hair, being in sight. Yet when ducki, took a seat with resolute gesture on

fast and furious, attracted men of the opposite side.

tribes toboth tree the shade of a in Posey with insolent flip threw itBluff, the old Utah, brought enat ten dollars. Bitseel looked down withinemies length arm's of each it, his tightlybound adjusted headother. Posey, renegade PahUte,

looked down from one side at the gear, borrowed five dollars from a bet. the covered and Thecards blanket, friend, cash and the on the

in chesty raked as he grew PahUte theand Bitseel, stalwart Navajo, dollars, looked but he twentylooked down from the other side. the

sick in ten minutes awfully when

When Bitseel stooped to lay a all went back to the other side ofit dollar on a certain card, Posey the blanket.

stooped to lay a dollar against it.

The Navajo won. That first dollar AHE game held them with

was just a little blaze in the dry the devil's grip. They raised their

grass. They bet again with rising bets to malicious figures, taking their

asnatures oiun freezingmethod

You enjoy continued savings with the GAS refrigerator. A tiny

gas flame takes the place of all moving, wearing parts in this different, noisefree refrigerator. As a result, you enjoy longer, SERVEL

more satisfying service—worthwhile savings on running cost,

food bills and upkeep year after year. Be sure to see the ELECTROLUX beautiful thrifty new models.

THE {faf REFRIGERATOR Ask about our Easy Purchase Plan HAS NO MOVING PARTS

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentyone Utah Communities

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937 j M m—n—n u—it——ii

i ii i il ii The Outlaw of Navajo MountainYou Get (Continued from page 269)

sorrel stockingfooter and stallion,"hissthe three ofDouble Value are"Myworth from your subscription to ed Bitseel, squaring himself for any

THE IMPROVEMENT Since '49 emergency. They sprang at each other like

ERA, and other Church mad torn cats, each one settling his publications, when you FULLR claws into the flesh or the hair with preserve your magazines tenacity. vicious Navajo's The PHI NTS superior size could strength and in permanently bound they last

volumes. Send your back i hardly match the PahUte's lungs

numbers to us now! and endurance. After an hour of

blood and dirt and curses they stopDates Back to Years ped from exhaustion, their faces and their limbs a red map of fury. of PIONEERS This terminated the righteous lull

in It is barely Posey's wickedness.

of pioneering traditionDuring The possible he would have remembered of the the ruggedness and

April frontiersmanflected in thehave qualitybeen reof straight,Haskel's at warningleast a whileandlonger,carriedbut

We will return them to riodFULLERof 88 Paintyears.through a peavariciousfor this illtimedNavajo.meetingHis sensibilitieswith the

you postpaid, attractively The proof is in the protection! were stirred now as an anthill is

and durably bound in Paint your home with FULLER stirred by a hoe. He stole everycloth, stamped in gold. Purespring. PreparedLet qualityPAINTsafeguardthis thing within reach. Whatever he

your investment. could take from the big Navajo was

Your magazines sewed on doubly choice, even though he spent in getting times its worth it and Paint Dealer ten our new Paramount book See Your Fuller of it out it to then discarded have for sewing machine insures PAINTS, WALLPAPER, GLASS the way.

flat opening and long life. Yet these years with their ducki

Special art covers for and their blood, their disastrous

Children's Friend and W. P. FULLER & CO. losses and their dishonorable gains,

in years Posey's were the happy National Geographic magSalt Lake City and Ogden, Utah life. bruised unhappy and From azines. its

worst phases he found a certain respite in summer when he camped at

Peavine or some other cool spring on

The FULLR andElk Mountain.hunt and watchHere hishe couldtwo littlerest Deseret boys play they stole Bitseel's horses

for objecting. In P4INTS and whipped him

the solitude of the tall timber with the children, he enjoyed and last Toorah.News Press theueif his tribulations to the full whatever

29 Richards Street had earned.

Salt Lake City, Utah However much he loved the old.iii)v iiMountain of his birth, he loved the

Elk and its canyons more. In its

AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO. spentforestslongand happyby its crystaldays withspringsPoke'she

Seventh Floor McCornick Building SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH j sister, now his cherished companion in all of the happenings of life. From

I the very first when the two of them Purchasers of =—== hid in fear of the old cavalier himself, every one of those days on the

Silver, Gold, wonderful. Lead and Copper Ore mountain been had correspondence Address Products and Smelter shade grass and crysand To this follows: as

Consign all ore shipments to: tal water they came from the fightSmelting American j peril the of lower country, ing and Smelting and Refining American Company

i Co. & Refining in this solitude here dear Toorah Plant, Murray, Utah and Ship Lead Ores to Murray

I 700 McCornick Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant, was his own as nowhere else in the i Building Garfield, Utah wild territory of their acquaintance.

He cherished her as the better part

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN Your Favorite of the life he fought so hard, even they would fire their last cartridge if so foolishly, to maintain, and they and take the Old Trail which had MAGAZINES...

sure the refugecherished the Mountain as their been of their anand valuable papast. for cestors ages inheritance.valued pers can be bound to

the proposition again Then seemappear like these books abandoned, and the Indians to be Whatever act in his dised tracted life may seem blamable, believed their threats and their firmnothing must challenge his devotion ness had moved the government and his constancy to the sweetheart from its purpose. Yet it was not

of his youth, the sweetheart who dead as they supposed, and once clung unfalteringly to him from the more the menace became active. Oftime of the wild panic at Lasal. ficials came again advising the InEarly in their married life while dians that Uncle Sam was their

the blissful spell of an enchanted friend, but they would have to do honeymoon rested on every place as he said.

which had afforded them shelter, it They gave the same uncomprowas proposed by the government to mising answer, stating it even more move all the PahUtes from San firmly: San Juan was their country

Juan in Utah to the Ute reservation—they inherited it from theirin Colorado. San Juan had never fathers—no one had a right to order

been designated as their country; them out of it. They wouldn't go

they had occupied it contrary to out of it.

REGULAR PRICES FOR OURorders simply because one it was the it, neither didn't out of go They BINDING: their fathers.great of legacy Now it still, since. then, in are nor They

the government entreated them and the bones of Mancos Jim are Improvement Era $1.50

again to go to the place appointed. resting with his fathers in Allan Relief Society Magazine 1.25

But it was a place in which they Canyon. Children's Friend 1.50

would have no historic old trail over Instructor 1.50

which to retreat in safety whenever All the tribe, and Posey in parNational Geographic they stirred up trouble. They reticular, believed they had overawed Magazine 1.60

fused flatly to go and maintained the government, intimidating it from (Official Society Cover) their claims to their fatherland. its purpose. It had never punished per volume

killing for at the anyone two men leave protection For your send Posey your San and Juan Would killing the the for or monuments, to books bindand magazines a oldthe dear Mountain? he Would

at three the Springs, ery using PahUte equipment men and methTrail theleave of every Glory where ods the approved by American at fourteen Lasal, at Soldier the two beautifulscene had been made by Association. Library Crossing, seventeen other white and for our Color Chart Ask in the and being company?Toorah He

in this account. not mentioned men for prices Deseret rebinding Sungo.declared never he would ManSchool Books. killings, day Song great robbings and Of their Scotty, tribe in the Poke,cos Jim,

and small, Uncle Sam had nevergeneral, and every individual in particular, swore they would never taken any serious account. All this THE PROVO BOOK

move a step. Mancos Jim said his proved that the government hadfathers lay dead in Allan Canyon, found the PahUtes too hard to BINDERY

in the east side of the Elk Mountain, handle. 58 East Fifth North St.

Provo, Utah If this erroneous notion the about his rest there should bonesand own "The Most Equipped Modern government not strengthbeen hadwith them. the His became in the Bindery West"

all in Posey's ened the leadmind by of theslogan wouldn't tribe-—theyprotest

go. They would fight it out to the ing experiences of his life up to that

death in the homeland. time, and then confirmed by unforThe matter dragged along, and to tunate combinations of events for

the Indians the matter seemed to be years thereafter, he might have been BE INDEPENDENT abandoned. Uncle Sam seemed to living still. No Other Vocation So Profitable!

have no appetite to follow them over The threatening cloud of exile ENROLL NOW the Old Trail from home was removed; the dear For a Complete Course at the

Yet again somebody agitated the Elk Mountain should be his lifequestion into life. Government oflong hunting ground, Peavine his Qulsh School of Beauty Culture

ficials, some of them in uniform, vissummer home. Better than all else, The Best in the West

ited the country, counted the PahToorah was his own in spite of 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

CITY, LAKE SALT UTAH Bitseel every opposing Poke and and situation, Utes, took of the stock and

Further Information For agency. His strewn pathway was tribe the declared move. must Call Catalog and roses. these with short days But tribe, individually the Again and 7560 or Wasatch

collectively, declared they wouldn't were the most happy of his strange Fill in This future hung dark with Coupon should bones rest with the life—thego—their sorrow. disaster and people. yieldbones of their Before

ing their most valued inheritance (To be continued)

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY FOR A "WEE BONNIE BIT O'MUSIC"

Paradisiacal (paradisaical)—this word, meaning in both "Ts McPherson in?"

cases pertaining to heaven or paradise, has a different pro- * "Aye, but he's very busy; he's sharpening the phonograph

nunciation for each spelling. In our articles of faith, the first needle for the party tonight."

spelling is used and the pronunciation is par with the a pronounced as in at; a as in ask; di the i as in it; si, the i as in ice;

a as in ask; cat, with the a as in the word account. The accent

follows the si part of the word. We have been guilty of

telescoping the word and leaving out one syllable. Try it

slowly until you get the rhythm of the word and then use it without blushing: par-a-disi (i as in ice, and accent) a-cal.

The other spelling alters only one syllable of the word, the sa (a as in are), which would make the word: par-a-disa-i-cal.

Longlived, shortlived—in both of these words, the lived

has the long i sound as in ice. Each part of the word receives

the same accent.

Era—by popular request, we repeat this word: the e as in

eat; ra, the a as in sofa. The accent is on the e.

FROM CHURCH SECURITY'S MANAGING DIRECTOR the impasse, reached an and domestic disagreement had February 15, 1937. THE

trite but proved exit lines of participants were seeking The Editor Improvement Era.

effectiveness.

I"WOULD like at this time to congratulate you on the splendid "You make me sick,"said the perturbed wife, with a sug- * magazine you are now bringing to the Church. There has gestion of finality in her voice.

never been a finer publication and I think from now on under "It's entirely mutual, I assure you, my dear,"replied the your able leadership our local stake and ward officers can polite and perturbed husband, refusing to recognize the in* conscientiously sell the magazine on its merits rather than as tended finality.

has been accused in the past, by highpressure salesmanship. Then with polite contempt the disturbed lady was inspired

Thanking you again for your generosity and many kindto utter what definitely proved to be the final volley in the nesses, I am skirmish: "Oh, I see! You mean you make you sick, too!"

Sincerely your brother, *- (Signed) B. Lee Harold

Managing Director.

FROM ST. GEORGE, UTAH

President Grant certainly filled us full of enthusiasm at June *- Conference, and we have carried his message to every home: "Have an Era in every Home."And again first and

last we thank the Lord for His help and guiding hand in this missionary undertaking.

Yours truly, (Signed) Lida Prince and Edith Seegmiller,

St. George Stake Era Directors.

FROM ROMEO, COLORADO UNPARDONABLE SIN is I experience that family: an TLTere There one had in

of Purdue University is accredited the * subscriptions. * eight father the mother have and Era The are To followingPresidenttallElliottale: their into also coming are four home; daughters son one and

football one best aside of his varsity took coach one men "A taking subscribers. are it, and two grandsons One family has

fine said: and day three subscriptions, subscriptions. another and two "pale 'George, are to pieces. going You're and thin you sincerely, Yours

flabby. drinking?'to happened Are What's you? and you (Signed) Sanford Hawkins.

'I not!'should ''Drinking? say George, said Me?'

FROM HOUSTON, TEXAS ""'You'I nevermusttouchbe smoking,a smoke/then.'

hard. at looked coach "The Editors: him Dear

"it 'George,'can't he be that missionaries of '"Phe this District join thanking you me in ''Well, turned very you you'rered—studying?''well, yes, I am sending us the * for to the Church. Era. It keeps us closer see'—Georgesaid, (Signed) Waldo Y. LeSueur, studying a little. You see—

East Texas District President. "But"'Anythemorecoachof cutthat,himGeorge,'short. he said, 'and you're off the

team.'"Springfield Union.

1936 INDEXES READY SHYNESS MUTUAL for the the of 1936 Tndexes volume Improvement Era firm the following certain legend printed had salary on its * are available to subscribers or wish to bind who receipt forms: A intact otherwise preserve 39. Volume

is salary personal business, "Your your not and should be

Requests should be mailed to The Improvement Era, disclosed to any one."

50 No. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah, accompanied by The new employee, in signing the receipt added: "I won't

a stamped, selfaddressed envelope. mention it to anybody. I'm just as much ashamed of it as you

are."Irish Independent.

K S L Again FIRST In Showmanship VARIETY, the nation's magazine of the stage, screen and radio, again rates KSL first in showmanship in its territoryl That's an honor well deserved! When it's something alive...

when it's news that its listeners want to hear, KSL does the job!

KSL is proud to be first in showmanship! KSL

intends to continue to give you the big events of local and national interest... to keep alive

for you this keen "Voice of the West."

TYPICAL of KSL showmanship was exclusive coverage of the United States Amateur Ski Jumping Championships, two views of which are shown on this page. Above, the KSL announcers

and microphone are silhouetted against the snow as Alf Engen makes his championship - winning jump. Below, KSL's mobile shortwave transmitter, KNEF, at the

scene. KSL shortwaved action at

the tournament to a power line, thence to KSL's control room, and so to its millions of listeners.

KEEP TUNED TO KSL! IT'S THE

STATION OF THE BIG SHOWS!

AFFILIATED

WITH THE VOICE 5 0,ODQ OF THE WEST WATTS KSL dtiqh, <oivfSwinq Swing High in the air they swing, these robust youngsters. High in the air, too, are their dreams—and your

hopes for their future.

Life insurance helps in the fulfillment of dreams and hopes. By life insurance an educational fund is set

up for your children; a guarantee is made that whatever happens your children will not suffer want.

Sometimes human fortunes, like a swing, rise and fall. A swing is carefully constructed so that on

its downward flight it misses the ground by a substantial margin of safety. Similarly life insurance provides the margin of safety which prevents human fortunes from crashing.

Investigate Beneficial Life Insurance now. There is a plan of Beneficial Insurance suitable to your own

needs and means. Call your local Beneficial agent, or, if you do not know who he is, write to the home

office.

IlSlliJici C fAfANf Home Office—Beneficial Life Bldg., Salt Lake City. Utah

HEBER J. GRANT, President