In this issue:

Talks given by the General Authorities at the 132nd Annual General Conference (including the Priesthood Meeting)

null!!!!!! ip"

HIP 15 I li 11 ISIII!!"K Get the BONUS education of a GREAT church university

A beautiful campus with wellequipped classrooms while retaining all of the friendliness and attention and laboratories, adequate faculty well trained in a of a small college, hundred universities and colleges, and a studentbody of earnest scholars with high academic achievements—Rc/VitlViDtK Tncbfc LJAItb

these are the attributes of a great university which are Leadership Week June 1-14 found at Brigham Young University. to be

1 Summer Its School". SZZZZZZZZ. June. students because they receive... are in demand,

more - a balanced academic, physical, and spiritual Applications due -Sept. 1

education in an ideal social climate. Indeed, BYU Freshman Orientation Sept. 1821

provides all of the advantages of a big university First Semester Registration Sept. 2225

provo, utah BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

From Supreme Bakers new,unique SUPREME BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Short Eels PECAN CRISP

It has long been supposed that the adult eels of Europe migrate to the Sargasso Sea in the southwestern

North Atlantic. Dr. Denys Tucker

of the British Museum (Natural

History) has a new theory which seems to explain much of what is known. He suggests the difference

between American and European eels of about 107 vertebrae to about 115 is due to differences in temperature during the development of Pecan the eggs. The European eels neverreturn to the spawning place but Crispare from larvae of American parent- 'Umxtfie 6Waa Wcl

age born in such a place that they missed the American coast and instead drifted to Europe with the

Gulf Stream. Try delicious, new Supreme Pecan Crisp! It's not a cookie, not a

cracker... it's a dainty, flaky wafer, topped with tender pecans.

Not too sweet, just sweet enough, Supreme Pecan Crisp wafers are delicious with breakfast, snack and dessert foods.

They're featured at your grocer's now... in blue and white gingham

packages, with sealed inner packettes for freshness. Try 'em...

you'll like Supreme Pecan Crisp.

Cost of milk or coffee ALSO... stock up on Supreme Saltine Crackers...the thinnest,

Why pay more for milk than crispest, best tasting saltine crackers you've ever eaten!

coffee in restaurants? Dr. R. A.

Christenson of Utah State University in a study of 74 restaurants in Utah and a similar study in Oregon found that the average cost per serving of coffee was 5.4 cents compared to 6.0

cents per serving including cost lr:

of materials, preparation, serving, RiTy '7 1 cleaning, and storage costs. If the

cost, of free coffee refills are added,the cost per customer is about the SSSBG same for coffee and milk. A consumer survey found that 80 percent SUPREME

of patrons felt that milk should be offered on the same basis as coffee, and 64 percent indicated that if it SUPREME BAKERS were they would drink more milk. BOWMAN BISCUIT COMPANY

Denver and Salt Lake City

JUNE 1962 377

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for June 1962 Volume 65, Number 6

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Way to Peace, President David O. McKay 388

Your Question: Nephite Baptisms and the Gift of the Holy Ghost,

President Joseph Fielding Smith 390

George Q. Morris, M. Elmer Christensen. 392

General Conference: The Divine Church, President David O. McKay 404

Revelation: Yesterday and Today, President Henry D. Moyle 406

"Are the Latterday Saints... Christians?"President Hugh B. Brown 408 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

An Anchor to Our Souls, President Joseph Fielding Smith 410 Photographs 400 Dee F. Green

General Conference Index 380 485486 LorinH. ArmstrongWiggins Roberts

The Church Moves On, 382; Melchizedek Priesthood, 484; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 486. Art

40251 V. Douglas Snow

All other art, Ralph Reynolds Studio

Special Features

We Dined with George Bernard Shaw, Leah D. Widtsoe 396

Are You Turned... In or Out...? Ernest Eberhard, Jr 398

The Beginnings of Excavation at the Nauvoo Temple Site, Dee F. Green 400

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 436437

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 464

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 377; Letters and Reports, 380; These Times:

"Tolerated Sect or World Movement?"G. Homer Durham, 384.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

"And they lived happily ever after"488

Last Word 496

Stories, Poetry

To Convictions End, Nora Eddington 394

Poetry 386, 391, 407, 412, 413, 415, 417, 427, 430, 431, 433, 443, 453 THE COVER

Temple Square was the scene of the great spiritual feast: the general

conference that is reported in full in this issue. (The last time

the Era reported the priesthood session in the same issue with general

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah TempleconferenceSquarewas isin also1946.a place of

as physical attested beauty by O. David Richard and L. Editors; Evans, McKay L. Green, Doyle Managing C. Associate Mabba Josephson, Editor; Managing Albert Ih L Zobell, gulls cover, the featuring the of the Editor; Research Patbicia Middleton i E. Cabter Grant, Stephan, H. Blake, ReedEditor; Editorial Associates; Florence Pinnock, Todays Family Editor; Marion Hanks, Era D. The Gull Editor; Sea famed Youth, Elaine of Monument JudithCannon, Era Youth The of Editor; Associate Direction: Art Ralph Studio. ReynoldsB.

Junius G. Jackson, M. S. against Homer seen Durham, here Harris, Fbanklin Mahonri by Young Nibley, Jr., Sidney Sperry, B. Huch Contributing Editors.

T. Bentley, Joseph S. General'Manager; spires of the the Jacobsen, Florence Hall. Associate Assembly General Manager; F. Verl Scott, Business Manager; A. Acting Snarb, Glen Business* Subscription and Manager Director; Thayeb Evans, Advertising Director. is Nickerson, Jr., Larry photo The by

of Kansas City, Missouri.

Copyright Inc., 1962 by Mutual Funds, and published by the Associations Mutual Improvement of the Church Christ of Jesus of Latterday Saints. All rights

reserved. Subscription price year, $3.00 a in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.50 a year, in advance; single except copy, 35c issues. for special

matter 'for ** second"lass at special Acceptance mailing rate for of postage in provided section 1103. Act "October mTalithTrrzeiul lms'

Tlie is Improvement Era not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but contributions. welcomes Manuscripts are for paid rate on acceptance at the of 2c a word and must be accompanied sufficient by for postage delivery return. and

is Thirty days'notice for required of change address. ordering When a change, slip include please address recent issue of from the a magazine. Address lithographed in full color Cover changes cannot unless be old the made address as as the well is one included. new by Deseret News Press.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA READING SUGGESTIONS

Reading Course for entire MIA:

The Writings of Joseph Smith from THE PEARL 22. The Portrait of a Prophet—Norma J. Fischer 3.00

OF GREAT PRICE 23. Brigham Young at Home—Clarissa Young

Spencer and Mabel Harmer 2.95

24. Gift from the Sea—Anne Morrow Lindbergh 2.95

25. Larry 3.00

26. The Era of Youth—Improvement Era 2.95

Missionary Material as outlined in lesson manual

27. The Era of Youth—Improvement Era 2.95

28. A History for Peter—Gerald W. Johnson

1. The Candle of the Lord—Discourses of Adam S. Bennion 3.75 a. Vol. I—America Is Born 3.95

2. Book of Mormon Treasury b. Vol. II—America Grows Up 3.75

Compiled by The Improvement Era 3.50 c. Vol. Ill—America Moves Forward 3.95

29. Between and You Me and the Gatepost—Pat Boone 2.95 3. Pathways to Happiness—David O. McKay

30. Accent on April—Betty Cavanna 2.95

Compiled by 3.95 Llewelyn R. McKay

4. Giant of the Lord—James S. Brown 3.95

5. Man, God's Greatest Miracle—J. Reuben Clark, Jr 35

6. One Fold and One Shepherd—Thomas S. Ferguson 4.95

7. The Naked Communist—W. Cleon Skousen 4.95 31. Little Women—Louisa May Alcott 1.95

Lees The 32. of Arlington—Marguerite Vance 2.95 8. Leadership—Sterling W. Sill

33. Teacher: Sullivan Anne Macy—Helen Keller 3.95

a. Vol. I 3.50 34. Plain Girl—Virginia Sorensen 2.75

b. Vol. II 3.50 35. Invincible Louisa—Cornelia Meigs 3.75

9. Triumph and Tragedy—Winston Churchill 6.50 36. Blue Willow—Doris Gates... 3.00

10. Conquest of Space—Willy Ley 5.75 38.37. LarryTrue Book of Honey Bees—John Lewellen 3.002.00

< 111111111 -i I iIT. American Heritage Junior Library Series 3.50 '

12. Triumph over Odds—J. Donald Adams 6.00 DesocctfelBooh Co.

13. Anne Frank—Diary of a Young Girl 44 East Soulh Temple Sail Lake City. Utah... '

a. (Modern Library) 1.95

b. (Doubleday Edition) 3,95 44DeseretEast BookSouth CompanyTemple

14. Kon Tiki—Thor Heyerdohl 5.95 Salt Lake City, Utah

15. Handcarts to Zion—LeRoy and Ann Hafen 4.95 Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( money order ( ) I

16. The Astronauts—Martin Caidin 3.95 forhaveencircledan account.(numbered)Please charge.books: Amount enclosed $..

17. Personal Geisel Problems—John 3.96

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 9 8a 10 8b 18. LDS Adventure Stories—Preston Nib ley 2.00

11 12 13a IS 14 13b 16 17 18 19 2019. Jacob Hamblin the among A. Little Indians—James 25

21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28c 28a 28b 2920. Precious More than Rubies—S. Dilworth Young 2.00

31 30 33 32 34 35 36 37 38 Name

Address

21. Larry 300 City Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

(See manual for complete reading suggestions list)

JUNE 1962 379 Conference Index

SPEAKERS

Benson, Ezra Taft 454 Brown, President Hugh B 408, 448

Brown, Victor L 444 Burton, Theodore M 432 Christiansen, EIRay L 420 Critchlow, William J., Jr 422

Dyer, Alvin R 410 Evans, Richard L 454 Hinckley, Gordon B. 440 LettersHunter, Howard W 442

Isaacson, Thorpe B 438 Ivins, Antoine R 426 Kimball, Spencer W 434Lee, Harold B 418 and

McKay, President David 404, 452, 466

Moyle, President Henry D 406, 450

Packer, Boyd K. 460

456Petersen, Mark E 428 ReportsRichards, D. Franklin

Richards, LeGrand 425 Romney, Marion G. 416

Sill, Sterling W 414 YOUNG WOMAN'S APPRECIATION BRINGS CONFERENCE MESSAGES

Simpson, Robert L 444 Smith, Eldred G 436 Apia, West Samoa Hurt, Virginia

Smith, President Joseph Fielding 410

Sonne, Alma 422 Dear Editors: Dear Editor:

430 EldonTanner, Nathan are enjoying the section youth We 418 I have readerTaylor, been a of Henry ImproveThe D of rest. as. the as well the.. Era daughOur 462Tuttle, Theodore I time, a long ment Era A. enjoy and it more

ter reads looks more and forward now 446Vandenberg, John each month. H November The and December

to the ones. in students newit the The S. 458 DilworthYoung, issues alone 1961 the are worth subscripschool also for look The Improvement Era price. tion

in the library and enjoy reading it. SUBJECTS I Since to unable attend general am

best wishes With for continued improveconference to distance), for- I look (due 446 444, Aaronic Priesthood ments. to reading the ward 466 sermons ourAppreciation by

Atonement 408 Baptism 428 Yours truly, Churchof the Octoberleaders publishedconferencein thewereEra.theThosebest

456 ofBook Mormon the reading sermons I found When

Brotherhood 454 Mary Eros yet.the clearly so answer to explained some 414 buildingCharacter questions asked us since husband and my 454Christ, of 408, 432, Divinity

district I have been doing missionary 408Christians

Childhood training 410 work.

Church, Divinity of 404 I am truly thankful for every feature of

Communism 448, 454 your wonderful publication, including

Counseling 444 recipes.

Fasting 438 454Freedom 436 Sincerely,Genealogy 444Goals 410 Mrs. Delsie W. AldridgeHoly Ghost

Joseph Smith 406, 454 Leadership 432 Missionary service 410, 422, 425, 428, 430, 440, 465

Moral standards 458 Orient 440 Polynesia 456 NINE EAGLES AWARDED IN 450, 452Priesthood 416, 444, 446, 448, 426 422, SPOKANE STAKE ERA AIDS MISSIONARYRepentance 426,Responsibility 446 Scouts Nine and Explorers from the 406 404,Restoration, gospel sixParis, France sponsored posts troops and LDS were 406 teenRevelation their awarded 420 Eagle Scout atSabbath day the badges Editors: Dear

418Service Spokane (Washington) Stake of court missionaries look each forward We 462, 456,South America honor. Also presented almost were two to the arrival of month Improvement TheSpace age

first merit 434 hundred badges, and second inarticles as of it contains Era inasmuch 434Spiritual powers class pins, best patrol and leader and spiration 450Tithing and encouragement to augment

Truth 418, 454 best scout trophies. our endeavors.

Understanding I personally look to the first few pages of instructionYouth, 458, 442460 hisStaketwo counselors,President DeraldMelvin P.McFarlaneRomney andand where I find messages and

Charles R. Rates, professional Rill scouters al- I Prophet. beloved our from wisdom

this in conference Note: The and Postma Jerry council Burnham, and try feathese to use from ways examples firstissue in Elders years. for the time ismanycomplete Scott commissioner in Chatterton part took to tures present to our investigators. of the Morris L, Stapley Delbert andGeorge Q.

Council of the Twelve and Presidents Levi presenting the eagle awards and challenge. I wish to praise you too for the art work

First of the and Milton R. HunterEdgar Young their Those receiving eagle awards were that organization and goes into making the

the ofCouncil excused Seventy were from William D. Frazier, Sheldon D. Nelson, publication. a "topnotch"Era health. Elder becausespeaking of ill John

Longden, Assistant to the Twelve was on a Terry L. Hess, John M. Massaia, Paul M. Sincerely,

PresiSeas South the assignmentChurch Colombini, B. Larry A. Chapman, William

dents Marion D.; R. Hanks Bruce and McConkiein Rurch, C, Justus, E. William and Michael Elder Douglas A. Gourley of the presidof the First Council Seventy were

ing in mission fields. Johnson. French Mission

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SPREADS GOSPEL ABROAD

Stourbridge, Worc's, England, U.K.

Dear Editors:

My wife and I would like to say what wonderful work you people of the Era are doing in helping to spread the gospel Tops for berries... and your breakfast cereal Tops in preference for canning and

abroad. freezing, both home and commercial It's as pure, as fine, as sweet, as white as any

of love wonderful and words What sugar you can buy... for every sweetening and preserving use It brings out the fullguidance the prophets have been spoken by

and apostles in the pages of the Era! flavor of fruit... and other pleasure foods, from ice cream and candy to soft drinks and

as to alive seemsEach page come

it, inread you bakery desserts \j and | SUGAR COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH heart again and your you live and mind the wonderful stories of old.

Sister Lewis and I would like to say what a great help the Era has been in our lives and in strengthening our testimony of the gospel.

May the Lord bless all of you in this wonderful work.

Yours faithfully,

Brother and Sister Lewis

MARCH ISSUE NEW HIGH

Provo, Utah Weekly Report to You

Dear Editors: of Church Activities Throughout the World

I last night, reached home among When Every should this home LDS have instructive all reading on I of the a mail Era. copy was Marchmy of phases the it Church. Every official brings week you instrucit through casuallythumbed but became tion the from general authorities, conference reports, welfare Iso entire the spent absorbed evening activities, inspirational editorial all messages and of from news article.reading In every judgment, my the wards, branches auxiliaries and the throughout world. The this issue. in reachedyou have high a new Presiding Bishopric's gives Page important reports for officers. isIt I think work. an excellent what we

need now is a campaign to get people to Bring the "Church News"and its influence into your home.

read it. Mail the coupon below now for information.

As one lowly member of the Church, may I express to you my deep and sincere * appreciation for the fine quality of this magazine. "Cljurch. %ws Every good wish.

143 South Main St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Sincerely, Please send me subscription information on the "Church News."

Harvey L. Taylor Name President Vice

Brigham Young University Address..

City.State.

JUNE 1962 381

Does your child know if dogs%eam? (Do you?) The Church

T"NsS Moves On

April 1962

Elder T. Bowring Woodbury, former president of the British

Mission, was the speaker on the "Faith in Action"radio program of the National Broadcasting Company.

Mtfiki A special seminar for foreign language officers of the Church who had attended general conference was conducted at *f the Church administration building. '\jf n<

The Book of Knowledge Speaking to the nationwide radio audience on the "Faith in Action"program of the National Broadcasting Company has the answer was Elder Gerald G. Smith, former president of the Eastern

All the answers to a child's bursting States Mission.

curiosity. Science, art, literature, history—and all of it written in a lively, It was announced that Mrs. Margery S. Cannon, Mrs. Patricia

F. Kathlyn Mrs. and Mrs. Bomney, Edna B. Clawson, entertaining to delight language your P.

of the to the general board appointed Garff had been child... to keep without him learning

Ass Nation. Primaryeven knowing he's doing it. can How those called by the Church to devote their conHenceforthThe Book of Knowledge do what no

other set can? Simply: things that struction talents to building chapels and other needed buildings

as to train well as native world, the throughout the Church bybelong together are found together that they could use throughout life, would in a livelihood brethren logical in an easy arrangement. Other

reference books are alphabetized and be known as "Church Building Missionaries"instead of "Labor systematized to a sliderule's cold exMissionaries."

actness. The Book of Knowledge is

not. It makes the child want to read A special Easter message, recorded for the purpose by

more and more. President David O. McKay, was shortwaved from a Boston

radio station and beamed to South America, the Caribbean

SEE FOR YOURSELF. SEND FOR THE FREE area, and Mexico.

"MINIATURE"BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE Elder Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,

was the speaker on the "Faith in Action"radio program of the

This free 24 page full color booklet National Broadcasting Company.

contains actual pages of science, hisThe National Broadcasting Company's "Voices of Easter"radio tory, art, stories, quizzes, things to series featured "Easter in Brazil,"a presentation of the Brazilian make and do and other informative Mission of the Church and the eightyvoice choir of the Sao Paulo and entertaining features taken diDistrict, a thirtyvoice male chorus of missionaries, and a missionary rectly from The Book of Knowledge double quartet. Sacred and folk music was sung in English and

itself. Give it to your child and see Portuguese.

it. how eagerly he reads Send for it of sustained as president Cheyenne was Elder Baymond Price today. it's It's free and wonderful! B. President Stake, succeeding Archie Boyack, (WyomingColorado)

with whom he served as second counselor. Elder Blaine BlomquistTHE BOOK OF was retained as first counselor in the new presidency. Elder Tyler

A. Woolley was sustained as second counselor.KNOWLEDGEopens the door to success Elder George Q. Morris of the Council of the Twelve, former

general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual ImFREE FULL 24 PAGE COLOR BOOKLET general Association, former manager of The provement THE KNOWLEDGES GrolierBOOK SocietyOF The always, of youth Era, died this morning and a leader Lexington 575 Avenue, N. Y. Improvement York 22, Inc.New

Please send me the color booklet described above. at 2:30. He was eightyeight years of age. (See page 392.)

There are- -children in my family, ages - Funeral services for Elder George Q. Morris were conducted

Namein the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Speakers included Clark N.

Stohl, who served on the YMMIA general board under Elder

Address Morris; Elder Bichard L. Evans of the Council of the Twelve;

City- -ZonePresident Henry D. Movie of the First Presidency; and President

David O. McKay.

.State.—Improvement IE-6-62 HBH HMB HKH mJi of >BGrolier Inc.L County"A publication Inc. 1962, Grolier

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WESTERN AIRLINES ANNOUNCES YOUR GREATEST FOREIGN TRAVEL BARGAIN!

\ HSffinr [DOT uKl DM INCLUDING ROUNDTRIP FARE FROM LOS ANGELES

Here's what you get on your "Magic Week in Mexico!"

1 Roundtrip air fare on Western's economy coach—with reserved seats and complimentary meals

2 All hotel accommodations

3 Most ground transportation

4 Choice of sightseeing in cosmopolitan Mexico

City, the Pyramids, and Taxco, historic silver city—or Acapulco, fabulous Riviera of the Pacific

5 Convenient departures every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, from Los Angeles and San Diego

Low cost from other cities, too! San Diego, $199.00; San

Francisco, $236.25; Salt Lake City, $276.88; Phoenix,

$247.18. Tax included.

For more information, just ask your friendly Travel

Agent or mail this coupon to: Western Airlines, 6060

Avion Drive, Dept. I.E., Los Angeles 9, California.

Please send me the free booklets I've checked below:

"Magic Week"Tour

Other Western Airlines Tours

Mexico Information

Name

Street City Zone State

JUNK 1962 383 YOU

THESE TIMESCAN'T BEAT SAMSONITE ON DELIVERY

"Tolerated Sect or World Movement?"

BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

Wilford Woodruff first heard of the of thousands heard the proceedings

Mormons through a newspaper artiof the conference in all parts of the cle in the spring of 1832. A year intermountain west,... and by prolater Zera Pulsipher and Elijah vision of a national radio 'hook up,'

Cheney, missionaries, stopped at his for the next afternoon (April 7) farm in Rushland, New York, and seven to ten millions heard...."

held a cottage meeting. That was on (Vol. 6, pp. 54748.)

December 29, 1833. On December Wilford Woodruff saw a news31, two days later, the man who paper story in 1832. Seven to ten

Whether you want one chair or 1,000 later became the fourth President millions heard a radio broadcast—you can count on service that just of the Church was baptized a memin 1930.

can't be matched when you order ber by Elder Pulsipher; was orWilford Woodruff went to KirtSamsonite. Same goes for price. Our dained a teacher one month later land, Ohio, arriving April 25, 1834,

prices are not only low—they're the on January 25, 1834, and began to where he met Joseph Smith for the

lowest. So write, wire or phone today direct the affairs of the Rushland first time. Zion's Camp, an expedifor complete catalog of all styles of Branch. tion to Missouri, was being organinstitutional furOn April 6, 1930, President Heber ized. In 1891 President Woodruff

niture. You'll get J. Grant conducted the centennial described the incident:

what you want, general conference in the Taber- "I first met Joseph Smith in the when you want it, nacle in Salt Lake City. There were streets of Kirtland....

at the price you 700,000 members of the Church, he "He invited me to his house. He

want every time. reported, in 104 stakes. A great had a wolf skin, which he wanted

Sam son ite AllSteel church historian, B. H. Roberts, in me to help him to tan;..."

ChairFolding standardis the the concluding pages of his CompreThe next Sunday, the Prophet "original"construction for inhensive History of the Church (6 called a priesthood meeting. It was

stitutional seating. vols., 1930), described the scene: held in a little cabin. Those present

your beautitestimony. the see Then, information, thronged bore by President "Thousands price and delivery For

Folding'"Chairsunder Pages Yellow... the or ful account, unProphet Woodruff's grounds Seating Square Temple Bros., Shwayder

Mich. InstitutionalDetroit 29, "IE62, Div., Dept. IjfMr*yiiim. Fog >\I J write arose Tabernacle, but able the to get into and said:

heard the proceedings with the aid "Brethren, I am very edified and of 'loud speakers'on the grounds and interested in listening to your testiin surrounding buildings; hundreds mony. But I want to tell you thatSamsonite

ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS

384 THE IMPROVEMENT EBA: '."

<G&

dSerfa s******?

* lr

THE RED CARPET PATTERNS FOR LIVING OLIVER COWDERY

by Ezra Taft Benson by Mark E. Petersen by Stanley R. Gunn

From a keen vantage point Here is a collection of artiHere is the fascinating inside government, the forcles which pinpoint probstory of Oliver Cowdery, mer Secretary of Agricullems of the day in such a skillfully portrayed against ture discloses the internal way that they become an authentic historical threat to the American way vital, moving appeals for background, giving a keen of life. Speaking out sharpbetter living. These editorinsight into his intimate

ly with courage and forthials from the Church secassociation with the Prophrightness against the direction of the Deseret News, et, his own account of the tion our nation is headed, inspire proper homelife, translating of the Book of

Elder Benson warns that morality, happy parentMormon, and organizing of our trend toward socialism and child relationships, and the Church; little known

is rolling out a red carpet a desire to keep God s comfacts about his life while to communism. Timely mandments. Ideal for all out of the Church, and

reading in this age of peril. ages. how he rejoined.

$3.50 $3.50 $3.50

BOOKCRAFT 6-62 OKCtf Salt1186 LakeSouthCity,MainUtah

Please send me the books checked below, for which I enclose my check.. or money order.. for $

The Red Carpet

Patterns For Living Oliver Cowdery Name? MAIN Address

City State

JUNE 1962 385

you know no more concerning the Marconi, are now constructing mechresult of this work and what lies anisms, which, with space satellites before... this people, than a parcel of the "Echo"and later type, will

of little children.... permit worldwide broadcasts and

"... this church will fill North and telecasts. At present, a direct broadSouth America—it will fill the world."cast from a Reno, Nevada, radio

(See Discourses of Wilford Woodstation cannot be heard satisfactorily ruff, 1946, pp. 2930, 3839. in Las Vegas, Nevada, and vice

On April 25, 1874, Guglielmo Marversa, without microwave or direct coni was born near Bologna, Italy. wire hookup. The space satellites,

He studied at the universities of tracking stations, and a new space

Leghorn and Bologna, undertaking technology, will shortly eliminate experiments to demonstrate his those barriers.

theory that electric current passes At the centennial conference in

President readily fol1930, through any substance, Grant HeberLETTERPRESS of the lowing a glowed direct course in the growth without wire J. Church

or other conductor. On March 27, to 700,000 members in 104 stakes,

1899, he transmitted messages, wire- 1,005 wards and independent

PRESERVING less, across the English Channel. On branches. In April 1962 the statisYOUR PRIDE IN February 25, 1902, he received sigtical report showed 1,800,000+

CRAFTSMANSHIP nals at a distance of 2,099 miles; and members in 3,143 wards and indePerfect on branches. 21, 1902, transatlantic pendent December

'photoengraving messages inaugurated. were There were 6,511 convert baptisms plates time after

time can be achieved In April 1930, B. H. Roberts estireported for the year at the April

craftsmen only with entire time and mated that seven to ten million 1930 conference from the combined whose skills are devoted to heard the Salt Lake Tabernacle efforts of 3,129 missionaries ( 2.08 for

letterpress plates. conference broadcast on a national each missionary ). At the April 1962

network based on the fundamental conference, 88,807 convert baptisms work of the electrical engineer, were reported for the preceding 'ROSE ENGRAVING CO. Marconi, and his successors. year, with 17,450 missionaries (5.09

1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 In April 1962, the Tabernacle for each missionary). What will the

microphones were "fed in"to an record show in 1994?

expanded national network and into In the concluding chapter of five shortwave channels beamed to his Comprehensive History, B. H.

Europe, South Africa, Central AmerRoberts asked the question about

A TOTAL ELECTRIC ica, and South America. Three chanthe future of the Church: "Which is

nels carried the broadcast in English, it to be, a limited but tolerated sect, two in Spanish. Meantime 52 teleor a world movement? A heached

vision stations carried the session in ship... or the kingdom of God

the United States, with the faces overspreading the nations?"He

and messages of the First Presidency closed his record of "Century One"—Presidents McKay, Moyle, and (as he called it) with his answer: "A

Brown, and two members of the world movement, I say, for the twelve, Elders Ezra Taft Benson completion of God's purposes with and Richard L. Evans. Moreover, reference to the establishment of

jet planes transported mission presiZion, the salvation of men, and the dents and new stake presidents and redemption of the earth, and the other officers from European stakes fulfillment of all the words of the to Salt Lake City. Simultaneous holy prophets since the world began

translations, such as those developed—ending in the glorious coming and

in 1946 for the United Nations in reign of the Christ, with its Peace on

German, Dutch, and Spanish were Earth, Good Will to Men."(A Comavailable in the Tabernacle itself. prehensive History of the Church,

Said President David O. McKay in pp. 553,558.)

his keynote address, April 6, 1962:

"The marvelous progress that has been made in transportation and communication makes it possible UNFLOWERED BUD

A wonderful new for the promulgation of the truths way to live of the restored gospel to be made BY MAUDE DICKINSON known to the children of men everywhere on the face of the globe."Nor yet

In a secluded spot in the north The saddest words woods of the North American contiAre of what might have been—

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. nent, skilled men, in the tradition of But rather those which tell of hope

Buy now from your o*eater the Wright Brothers and Guglielmo Unflowered.

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHAT

CHICAGO

ST. LOUIS

KANSAS CITY

SAN FRANCISCO Electronics performs vital tasks along * LOSLOS AANGELES Union Pacific

Centralized Traffic Control regulates the efficient, swift and safe movement of

trains on Union Pacific.

An amazing array of electronically activated controls, housed in steel huts at

strategic intervals along the rightof-way,

automatically set switches, change signals

and perform other duties related to track protection and CTC operation.

Coded messages from a master control

board electronically direct specific actions.

Completion of the assigned tasks is automatically confirmed to the master control.

Here is another example of electronics at

work to keep travelers and freight shipments moving surely and dependably on

Union Pacific—the automated rail way. UNION

PACIFIC For help with your shipping problems or travel plans, see or call your nearest Union Pacific representative.

JUNE 1962 387 WMflIB

The question is often asked:

"Why does the Church send out missionaries by the thousands to all parts of the Christian world?"

The answer may be given specifically, "to declare the restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ."Restoration of the

gospel of Jesus Christ implies an apostasy from the original teachings and organization as proclaimed and established by Christ and the early apostles.

In a general way we might answer in The Way the words of the heavenly host at the birth of the Savior—we are sent out to

testify of the existence of God and of to peace on earth and goodwill toward all men through his Son Jesus the Christ.

Today men talk peace, but reject the only plan of peace, the only plan given under heaven. Said Peter, the chief Peace

apostle, to certain men who put Christ to death: "... by the name of Jesus Christ of

Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom

God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole....

"Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name

under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved."(Acts 4:10, 12.)

Our missionaries today teach the reality of the existence of God and the brotherhood of man.

For nearly two thousand years the professed followers of Jesus Christ have associated with his birth that heavenly announcement—peace on earth, goodwill toward men. Indeed, ever since

man took his place upon earth, peace has been among his noblest aspirations.

Associated with this quest he has sought individual freedom; freedom to speak, to

write his thoughts, freedom to go about

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE EDITOR'S PAGE / PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

without restrictions or dictation; freedom where love may find privacy, old age

to pray without molestation; freedom to repose, where prayer will find an altar,

build a home into which dictators or and the nation a sure source of strength usurpers might not enter illegallyand perpetuity.

priceless heritages these, and indispensNo man is at peace with himself or able conditions to the attainment of his God who is untrue to his better self, peace. But, as heretofore, most men who transgresses the law of right, either

and nations ever blindly and stubbornly in dealing with himself or indulging in refuse to accept the eternal plan that passion, in appetite, yielding to temptaleads to it. tions against his accusing conscience, or

In the beginning of the Christian era, in dealing with his fellow men, being as Jesus prophetically looked through untrue to their trusts.

the centuries to come, he knew that Peace does not come to the transpeace would be dependent upon the gressor of law; peace comes by obedislow but neverfailing process of changence to law; and it is that message which

ing each individual's mental and spiritual Jesus would have us proclaim among attitude; that the customs and habits of men.

the world would be determined by the If we would have peace as individuals, innermost thoughts and soulconvictions we must supplant enmity with forbearof many individuals who composed ance. We shall have the power to do

groups, states, or nations. If, therefore, this if we really cherish in our hearts

the world was to be changed, the indithe ideals of Christ. Who said:

vidual must be changed. Only to the "... if thou bring thy gift to the altar,

degree that men desire peace and and there rememberest that thy brother brotherhood and are willing to follow hath ought against thee;

the paths that lead to this blessed condi- "Leave there thy gift before the altar, tion will the world become a better place and go thy way; first be reconciled to

in which to live. Only by adherence thy brother, and then come and offer

to the fundamental principles of rightthy gift."(Matt. 5:2324.)

eousness can peace come either to indiThat seems to be a simple law; that

viduals or to nations. is one step toward bringing about uniPeace cannot forever be found in exversal peace. If the world would be at

ternal things, and part of it must come peace, it must supplant the rule of force from within the individual. There is no by the rule of love.

peace when one's conscience is seared The message of the Church of Jesus or when one is conscious of having comChrist is to proclaim the reality of the mitted some untoward act. Peace

Christ as the real Son of God the Father.springs from righteousness in the soul,

One important impact of the principlesfrom upright living. If you desire peace,

yours is the responsibility to obtain it. of his gospel is to establish peace in the

The restored gospel teaches that our hearts of men, peace in home life, peace homes should become hallowed places in towns, in cities, in countries, peace where children may be protected and throughout the world—that is the declagrow into noble men and women; ration of the Church.

JUNE 1962 389 NEPHITE BAPTISMS AND THE GIFT OF THE HOLY GHOST

question: "]esus said to the still the practice of laying on of

Nephites that he would baptize hands for the bestowal of the Holy with fire and the Holy Ghost, but Ghost is not mentioned. We althe statement seems to indicate that ways lay on hands for the bestowalsuch baptism was done without the YOUR of the Holy Ghost, and in spite of

laying on of hands. In the Book of the rule the Savior said to Nephi:

Mormon it indicates that Jesus bap- 7 will baptize with fire and withtized the Lamanites in a similar QUESthe Holy Ghost.'Will you kindly

way, and administered to them, but give an explanation of this?"ANSWER: It is true that the Lord TION he speak: and he will shew you

gave the commandment to Joseph things to come."(Ibid., 16:13.)

Smith that those who are baptized In these words the Savior promhis disciples that they ised sins shall reof would thefor remission ANSWERED BY gift of the with the Holy be blessed gift of the theceive Ghost Holy by the laying on of hands, and this is Ghost when he departed from them,the practice in the Church. This JOSEPH and before he took his departure,

does not prove, however, that the the record states that he "... FIELDING

gift of the Holy Ghost may not be breathed on them, and saith unto received without the laying on of them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost."the hands, although we assume SMITH (Ibid., 20:22.) Evidently this wasthat this was the general custom of PRESIDENT OF just as efficient as if he had laid

the Church in ancient days. When THE COUNCIL his hands upon them.

discover in the reading ofcertain disciples were brought to OF THE TWELVE WePaul at Corinth who claimed that the scriptures that the Lord conthey had been baptized, he asked ferred authority on some of his them the question: "Have ye chosen servants and gave them exreceived the Holy Ghost since ye believed?"Their ceptional powers without the laying on of hands,

answer was: "We have not so much as heard whether but merely by his spoken edict. In this manner

there be any Holy Ghost."Paul then asked: "Unto Elijah obtained the keys of power in the priesthood

what then were ye baptized?"they answered, to raise the dead, heal the sick, close the heavens

"Unto Johns baptism."Paul realized from this that it did not rain only by his word, and for more

answer that there was something wrong, therefore than three years there was no rain, and moreover he he had them baptized again, after which he laid had the power to call down fire from heaven to his hands upon them and conferred the Holy destroy the enemies of the Church. Speaking of

Ghost. (See Acts 19:2-6.) This, however, may not this, James has said: "Elias was a man subject to

have been the universal custom through the ages. like passions as we are, and he prayed earnestly

When Jesus was with his disciples, he said to them, that it might not rain: and it rained not on the

shortly before his crucifixion: earth by the space of three years and six months."

"If ye love me, keep my commandments. (James 5:17.)

"And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you The Lord gave similar authority to Nephi, son of another Comforter, that he may abide with you forever; Helaman who likewise had authority to close the

"Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot heavens and perform other mighty works, simply

receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth by his faith and the commandment from the Lord.

him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, (Helaman 10:7.) This wonderful power has been

and shall be in you."(John 14:1517.) bestowed on but a few of the servants of the Lord.

"Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he We may correctly believe that the Lord may bestow will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak the gift of the Holy Ghost by other means than by

of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall the laying on of hands if occasion requires it. While it

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEACHER BY GENEVA HALLADAY

I nurture a garden filled with children, blossom faces raised to Christ.

May I root deep each heart in the good, rich soil of Faith, is the practice to lay on hands, there are many inciwater well with the Word of God, warm in the sunshine of Christian Love.

dents recorded in the scriptures where divine authorThen, watch them grow ity has been bestowed by the divine edict to the beyond the bounds of earth prophets. In the case of the assembled multitude into Eternal Life.

near the temple at the time of the appearing of the

Lord, we also read that angels descended and encircled the little ones and ministered to them.

Now a careful reading of the first chapters in 3 Nephi reveal to us that Nephi, grandson of HelaFAITH man, with other faithful brethren, labored diligently among the people before the crucifixion of the BY ROWENA JENSEN BILLS

Lord. They baptized all who humbled themselves Oh, leave tomorrows needs to Him who knows

and repented of their sins. They had power to Our deepest longings, sacred dreams; who shields

confirm, to heal, and even to raise the dead, but The smallest sparrow's wing and calmly yields after the crucifixion of the Savior there came a new Four seasons for all nature's growth; whose rows

order of things. The law of Moses came to an AOf sunsetpatternedbrings;sprucewhoandgentlyfir emitnurturesthe glowsfields

end, and with it, sacrifice of animals ceased, and And beast; who calms the wind that wildly wields

the fulness of the gospel was ushered in. ThereIts blast; who warms the snow, that water flows.

fore in this new order it became necessary for all His wisdom knows no bounds, his grace no length.

those who had been previously baptized to be His love envelops all within his strength.

Infinite glory shines in holinessbaptized again. Nephi and his fellow servants had its rays through Extends all he does possess.

been, no doubt, baptized and confirmed, otherwise His crown he shares, his palaces he gives they could not have given service in the authority To those who know with no restraint, he lives!

of the priesthood, and they could not have performed the miracles that had been accomplished.

The condition among the Nephites and Lamanites was exactly the same as that which existed just before the organization of the Church in April 1830.

Quite a number of brethren and sisters had been SUMMER PAINTER baptized, including of course Joseph Smith and

Oliver Cowdery, who were baptized at the direction BY GEORGIA MOORE EBERLING and commandment of John the Baptist before there When Summer paints, was a Church. Baptism is also then entrance into the she flings the colors

Church as well as for the remission of sins. Thereon her canvas,

fore in the new order, Jesus commanded Nephi to mauve mountains, be baptized and also the other brethren of the iceblue cliffs, hills jasper and twelve. Following this all of the people were bapagainst large loom

tized. The conferring of the gift of the Holy Ghost a pale, translucent sky.

would naturally follow, except in the case of those who had been previously baptized and confirmed. Puff clouds are white,

We may be sure that Jesus did not overlook any so white they must reflect the light ordinance that was necessary when he visited the thaton landneveror sea.yet was seen

children of Lehi after his resurrection. His visitation to these people was a glorious occasion, and She limns the prairies

we learn from what is written that these people and the closedin fields of that generation remained faithful and true all in emerald and aquamarine, splashes then russet, gold and the days of their lives, walking in the spirit of faith cream, tawny with and citron buff and humility and guided by the blessings coming where the wild flowers bloom.

through the gift of the Holy Ghost. Shadows chiaroscuro and dovegray are contrast.

Shadows can be lovely, too, when Summer paints.

JUNE 1962 391 Elder George Q. Morris learned the price in toil

required to polish a stone. This was his trade as well

as that of his father. When his life came to a close

on April 24, 1962, at the end of eightyeight years, his friends and admirers suddenly recognized the sheen and polish this man had imposed by toil of heart and mind upon his rockfirm character. The

price of that polish came high, and time with faith has given it an eternal lustre.

Like Paul of old, it can honestly be said of Elder

Morris that he fought a good fight, finished his course, and kept the faith. Every day of his life he strove

patiently and determinedly for improvement in his own life and that of his first love—the youth of the

Church. Elder Morris won the respect and admiration of every person he met, and his name is regarded

reverently in homes throughout modern Israel.

He was a man of many virtues, best enumerated by President David O. McKay following his passing,

as follows: "Every page in his book of life proves

Brother Morris to be kind, considerate, obliging; of

even temperament, yet always steadfast to the truth, and to what he believed was right; loyal to his friends,

to his country, and to his God. Reverent towards all

things sacred—permeated and inspired with the ideals

of the Christ spirit, he was 'too magnanimous for vengeance, and too unselfish to seek his own ends.'GEORGE Were I to name his outstanding virtue, I should say

it was sincerity—the golden link that binds true hearts

in friendship. Sincerity was one of the outstanding Q.

qualities that made George Q. Morris a friend."

Continuing his tribute, President McKay said: "Our

departed brother was one of those great, unselfish MORRIS souls who forget themselves for others, and win immortality. He was a man of high principles; clean

18741962 in thought and in act. He was upright, straightforward, ever ready to defend the right, and equally

prompt to denounce the wrong. During his long

career, he was dependable in business, consistent

BY M. ELMER CHRISTENSEN in religion as in all his acts. He was rich in inheritSTAKE PRESIDENT, WINDER STAKE ance, superior in achievement, indefatigable in service,

FORMER MEMBER YMM1A GENERAL BOARD true and devoted as a husband and father; faithful

to every duty and appointment assigned to him; a true

Latterday Saint."

His courteous manners and kindly spirit won the hearts of all who knew him and revealed the

The Church dignity and serenity of his inner self. He possessed

mourns his passing a subtle sense of humor which brightened many a

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA festive occasion with an air of wholesomeness. of tomorrow—the youth of the land and particularly

Elder Morris will be remembered for a variety of the Church."

accomplishments. The missionary companion will He was a capable businessman who commanded the

recall the earnestness of his testimony, the persuasiverespect of the competitive community he served. For

ness and logic of his message. Few men could doubt many years, he carried on the business of his father,

the sincerity of his words or the firmness of his Elias Morris & Sons Company. In addition, he was

convictions. vicepresident of Prudential Federal Savings and Loan

The sportsman will remember his moral support Association and a member of the Salt Lake City and encouragement. He was a familiar figure at Chamber of Commerce.

athletic events and enjoyed the vigor arid skill of Many weary and disheartened travelers were helped clean contest. In his honor, a recreation and multion their way because of his sense of kindness and

pleunit ball park was named, constructed in Salt Lake service. For several years, he was an officer, includCity, largely through his motivation and effort. ing president, of the Travelers Aid Society.

As a presiding officer, Elder Morris will be rememElder Morris was a welcome guest in homes bered for the preciseness and dispatch of his leaderthroughout the land. He knew people well and was

ship, for he was a tireless worker and inspired his keenly aware of their problems, desires, and needs.

associates to excellence in performance of their This background and experience unquestionably motiassignments. vated his constant, urgent appeals for greater service

Scouting felt the touch of his wisdom and enthusito the individual boy and girl.

asm. Boys and men in a myriad of settings in camps, Since he loved and knew the youth of the Church

meetings, and outings partook of his wisdom and so well, it was quite natural that his lot should be were blessed by his counsel. Elder Morris maintained prominently cast with them. Many choice years of

active interest in the Boy Scouts of America at several his life were given to the cause of youth and the levels of leadership, being a national committeeman Mutual Improvement Association. In a sense, Elder

representing the Salt Lake Council, vicepresident of Morris exemplified the end product of that great

Region 12, and a member of the National Council. movement, for he caught the spirit of its founding

He was awarded the Silver Antelope for service to purpose as a member in his early life and at the age boys by Region 12. of thirty became a stake superintendent. As its

A courageous folk of days gone by that he loved Churchwide leader for eleven years, he had occasion most dearly came alive as he persevered in reviving the to meet the youth and their leaders in practically sacrifice and struggle of Saints and pioneers building every stake throughout the Church. General board

a heritage for an illustrious future Zion. He was members who served with him will recall his apparent

familiar with their trails and landmarks over a wide inexhaustible energy. He could travel for several

area of the West. From the forgotten characters of hours, preside at a series of exacting meetings in which

the script of Deseret on a tombstone of his kin in a he took a major part, visit informally with friends

Cedar City cemetery to the lookout point atop Big and members, and return to his home in the early

Mountain, he took pride in helping travelers appremorning hours. This demanding routine continued

ciate their significance. almost weekly, with the intervening days spent in

For several years, he served as chairman of the intensive planning sessions and in meeting obligations "This Is the Place"Monument commission and with in a variety of community and business projects.

others had charge of the erection of the monument Under the leadership of Elder Morris, the Mutual bearing that name at the mouth of Emigration Canyon, Improvement Association greatly expanded and inoverlooking the Great Salt Lake Valley. tensified its activities. The Boy Scout program was

A Deseret NewsSalt Lake Telegram editorial of more closely integrated into the Mutual Improvement

April 24, 1962 includes this relevant comment: "This Association, and the work of allied youth organizations

man who so cherished the lessons and strength of of the Church were more intimately coordinated.

the past, looked, also, to the present and the future. The cultural, social, and athletic programs were

He spent most of his life working with the guardians expanded and adapted (Continued on page 470)

JUNE 1962 393 To Conviction's End People, locale, and events in the following account are factual. The posterity of Otto and Anna Bergener is numerous in Utah, Idaho, and

throughout the nation.

Otto's heart quickened its beat as he neared the banks of the Elbe. The marshy, pungent

odor of wet earth was perfume to his nostrils, and he drew the air into his lungs in great, hungry gulps. Maybe today he would be lucky enough to see one of the larger vessels coming up the river. At the thought, he broke into a run.

Otto, born and reared in Berlin, was the loved son of a wellto-do German family.

Keen of mind, meticulous of habit, he was a brilliant student with a wide range of talents and interests that held great promise of eventual success and recognition in his homeland.

Though small of stature, the intense life which radiated from his face, the light of intelligence in his deep brown eyes, and the inherent pride of his carriage set Otto apart in any group.

For Otto the river docks held a strange and compelling fascination. His heart yearned

to follow the ships on to the ocean and hence to the vast, dreamedof countries he longed so much to visit. Today he had taken leave of his books to visit this, his favorite, of all

retreats. (Continued on page 478)

BY NORA EDDINGTON

: v

WE DINED WITH GEORGE BERNARD

j

BY leah d. George Bernard Shaw delivered before by large publishing houses in both

an address on "The Future of New York and London.

Political Science in America"on One dav I said to mv husband, "I think I'll

April 11, 1933. Later that year it was printed write to Mr. Shaw, telling him of Mother's

in book form under the title The Political book, and if he is interested, I would like to

Madhouse in America and Nearer Home. In present him a copy."

the lecture Mr. Shaw told the Americans what "Save your time and your effort,"my hushe thought of their political outlook in no band replied, "for his secretaries may think it

uncertain nor flattering terms. But during of no consequence to such a busy man; and if

the talk he spoke very favorably of Brigham you did send him a copy, it would probably

Young who he said would become immortal find a resting place in his wastepaper basket."

in history as an American Moses by leading Then my husband toured the continent on a his people through the wilderness into an farewell visit to the missions. We were going

"Unpromised Land where they founded a home. In Dr. Widtsoe's absence I thought

great city,"built homes, schoolhouses, colleges, more of the copy of the book for Mr. Shaw. I

and temples in the great American desert. decided to write him. But when the letter

At that time we were living in England was written, what was his address? I searched

where my husband, the late Dr. John A. the telephone directory, the registry of LonWidtsoe of the Council of the Twelve, was don, and every conceivable source of informapresiding over the European missions of the tion, but no "George Bernard Shaw"could be

Church. We were very much interested in found. Somewhat discouraged, I told the

Mr. Shaw's comments which were always young man who had charge of our Information

quoted by the press in great length. Bureau of my dilemma, and asked his aid.

I was particularly interested in his comThe days passed and he had to admit that ments on my grandfather, Brigham Young, GBS evidently didn't exist—in London.

as the book, The Life Story of Brigham Young, "Frank,"I finally said, "if you can find his which I had coauthored with my mother, Susa address and if I get an affirmative reply to my

Young Gates, had been printed three years letter, I'll take you with me to deliver

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the book."He smiled and said, "Well, I wanted your book, and

In two days I had the address. So off went I wanted to see what you looked like."

the letter. With this he laughed and came into the room, sat down,

In my rush of trying to get our affairs in and did we visit! One hour and a half of the most interesting

shape for our return home, I had almost forconversation! First he wanted to know about my grandgotten that I had written the letter. If I father. Did I know him?* What kind of man was he,

thought of it at all, I decided that my husband anyway? Did the book tell about his life at home or did

was right—the letter had found a resting place it just slide that off? Then he wanted to know what we

in Mr. Shaw's waste basket. were doing in England, how long we had been there,

But about ten days later, a young elder why were we going home, and many more questions about from our outer office knocked on my door our work in general. I was able to tell him much about our

saying that a man was there waiting to see Church activity. I must have made a remark about the numme. The card the elder gave me bore ber of converts we had had in Great Britain the previous

the name: year. I remember his answer so well. He said:

"You know, Mrs. Widtsoe, I am not very much interested

Bernard Shaw in the number of converts you make, but I am interested in

Ayot St. Lawrence the number you keep in your Church. How many of them

Welwyn remain active?"

Herts. It was a most searching and pertinent question.

I told him of my husband's attainments in the field "I'll see this man. Show him in."As I of education.

opened the door, there stood Mr. Shaw, tall, Mr. Shaw said, "Oh, dear, I am afraid he's got too much

straight in posture, slender, with white hair education. Isn't he too welleducated?"

and beard, piercing gray eyes, and a rather "No,"I defended. "He is a scholar and a gentleman, and

inquisitive look on his face. I know you would like him."Then I went on, "But I know

I put out my hand saying: "Now, aren't what you think of education, Mr. Shaw."

you a nice young man to come and call on "How do you know what I (Continued on page 475) me like this?""See the author's "I Remember Brigham Young,"June 1961 Era, page 384.

JUNE 1962 397 BY ERNEST EBERHARD, JR. DIRECTOR OF CURRICULUM LDS DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

If you had to identify what you felt was So incompatible with the gospel plan was such a the greatest sin or wickedness of all selfish attitude that the devil and his hosts were cast time, what would you pinpoint? The out from the presence of the Father and Son forever.

wellread Latterday Saint should not The struggle to turn man "in"towards himself, as have too much difficulty with this quesSatan would have it, or "out"to others, as the Lord tion. Strangely enough, there seems to desires, rages more violently today than ever before.

have been little violence associated with Upon the choice we make in this respect will rest our this crime, if it can be called a crime. A future in the eternities. The devil tries to turn us

simple request which seemed a reason- "in"with false visions of happiness which are based able reward for a great service was its on selfindulgence, sensuousness, and sin. He proessence. After having presented, what motes, and skilfully so, every form of selfishness,

to him was a magnanimous offer to save deceit, materialism, and covetousness imaginable.

the souls of all men, Lucifer said "... The real basis for joy and exaltation are just the

wherefore give me thine honor."( Moses opposite. The Lord said, "... If any man will come

4:1.) God the Father knew such a reafter me, let him deny himself, and take up his

ward to Satan would destroy the free cross, and follow me.

agency of man. It would make eternal "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and

exaltation impossible. Jesus presented whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find

an offei which was just the opposite. it.... And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be

He proposed, "... Father, thy will abased;..."(Matthew 16:2425, 23:12.)

is "turnedin"is much concerned with theCONDUCTED be done, and the glory be One who thine forever."acquisition of the honors which men can bestow, with

BY THE The Savior began his selfmaterial possessions, and with the experiencing of

UNIFIED less service in the premortal lustful pleasures. He sees little wrong with "getting

CHURCH existence. From the beginning something for nothing."He spends much time and

SCHOOL he channeled a total dedication energy seeking personal gratification. We must admit

SYSTEM of his power and talents to the that at times and in varying degrees, most of us sucspiritual growth and welfare of cumb to "turnedin-ness."Perhaps we do not do our

all mankind. In mortality this led to the share of household work. Some of us may go into

voluntary offering of his life on the cross. debt for a personal luxury item, making it necessary

Every recorded act and thought of the for others in the family to do without some necessities.

Savior was "turnedout"to us, his spiritThere may be a strong undercurrent of desire for ual brothers and sisters, and to God our glory and acclaim in our Church service. Some may

Eternal Father. Even at the tender age feel that Sunday should be a day when they should

of twelve, he chided his distressed have no obligations but be allowed to spend their mother for not understanding the basic time for their own amusement. Constant gossiping,

orientation of his life, "How is it that complaining, being oversensitive to slights and hurts, ye sought me? wist ye not that I or being quarrelsome are signs of being "turnedin."

must be about my Father's business?"Those who are "turnedout"give of themselves

(Luke 2:49.) freely for the purpose of bringing growth and happiIn contrast, we find Satan was totally ness to others and honor to God. They have a feeling

and hopelessly "turnedin."Scripture of joy when sacrificing in the service of their fellow

says, "And he became Satan, yea even men. This life orientation motivates them to be kind

the devil, the father of all lies, to deceive and helpful in the many seemingly unimportant conand to blind men, and to lead them tacts they make in daily life. A classic example is the

captive at his will,..."(Moses 4:4.) individual sacrifice made in the missionary program

...? in or out Are You Turned.

HOW DOES MY PRIESTHOOD PERMIT ME TO,

WHAT WILL MY HOW WILL BUILD THE KINGDOM

PRIESTHOOD A MISSION OF GOD?

DO FOR ME; HELP ME?

HOW WILL MY ATTEND

I BE OF ANCE AT CHURCH OW CAN MEETINGS BENEFIT DYNAMIC SERVICE TO

B OTHERS SPIRITUALLY? OTHERS ON A MISSION?

WHAT WILL I WHAT HAPPINESS GAIN THROUGH WILL I RECEIVE ATTENDING FROM A TEMPLE CHURl)HURCH MEETINGS? MARRIAGE?

HOW DO I BLESS HOW WILL MY TEMPLE

OTHERS THROUGH MARRIAGE PROVIDE A

BEING HONEST? BETTER HOME FOR

MY CHILDREN?

WHAT BLESSINGS HOW WILL I WILL I RECEIVE BENEFIT BY THROUGH BEING PAYING MY TITHING? HOW CAN I BUILD THE

NEST? KINGDOM THROUGH

TITHES AND OFFERINGS?

of the Church. Uncounted manhours and millions kind and understanding to a physically or mentally

of dollars are donated annually for the purpose of handicapped person. Young people would be urged

bringing the joy of the gospel to others. to attend classes and activities in the auxiliaries with

Teachers who would be worthy disciples of the the purpose of contributing to them through particiMaster Teacher must follow his example and try to pation and attentiveness, rather than expecting the turn the life orientation of their students out. They teacher to be wholly responsible for their success.

will not appeal for loyalty and dedication in building Adult members of the Church would be urged to up the kingdom of God by constantly pointing out to apply themselves more diligently to missionary work the students the personal benefits a certain pattern or to the fellowship program which follows. The busiof life holds for them. The teacher will, rather, stress nessman would be urged to increase the measure of

how our beliefs, actions, and lives can benefit others service he gives instead of being only concerned with who come into contact with us. making money. The worker would, at times, go beAs a matter of everyday application of this frame yond his expected labor assignment so that his emof reference, the teacher might stress the need for ployer could expand his plant or business and thus

a student to support a certain wellqualified candidate give employment to others. The mother would give

for a student body office rather than to seek the office freely of herself to her family, rather than seeking for one's own glory. Instead of just tolerating him, and overstressing those interests which she finds

a truly religious person would put himself out to be personally inviting. {Continued on page 474)

JUNE 1962 399 1. A view down

into the temple well showing the irregular stones in upper parts and the very regular cut and fitted stones which begin at the same level as the floor of temple basement.

2. The southeast

corner of the temple, taken from the northeast. The letters

A, B, and C, mark impressions in clay of foundation stones;

letters D and E mark impressions in clay of the pier. F marks

the masonry construction part of the pier.

Area marked "pit"is a depression containing lime plaster.

THE BEGINNINGS OF EXCAVATION AT THE NAUVOO TEMPLE SITE

BY DEE F. GREEN

PROJECT FIELD SUPERVISOR

Archaeology in the LDS Church is taking on a new since the temple's destruction. This layer is followed

dimension this summer because of the excavation of by a heavy concentration of rubble deposited at the the Nauvoo Temple site. Archaeology, in the New time of the structure's destruction following a tornado

World at least, is traditionally thought of as the invesin the early 1850's. Under this layer is a deep ash

tigation of the aboriginal inhabitants of this hemideposit representing the fire of 1848. And finally on

sphere by uncovering their material remains. At the bottom is the original dirt floor of the temple.

Nauvoo, however, we are using archaeological techAs we continue to dig through the various layers we niques to recover the material remains of pioneer will be constantly alert for all artifacts which will give times, but they are remains that can be checked and us clues not only to the method and detail of the amplified by the written records of the period. temple's interior and exterior construction, but also

To put it another way, archaeology is testing the to the way of life of the early Mormon settlers.

written record in order to verify certain details about Broken pieces of pottery, metal objects such as nails, the construction of the temple itself as well as buttons, and tools, burned or charred wood and cloth details about the material culture of the Mormon along with the other artifacts recovered, will provide people responsible for its erection. insights into early pioneer life.

Under a research contract with the Church, SouthAnother interesting aspect of the work will be our ern Illinois University on June 15 will begin the first attempt to locate the original spot on which the stages of the excavation. Dr. Melvin L. Fowler, baptismal font stood, if not remains of the font itself.

university archaeologist, with a crew of students and Some descriptions of the font exist; an artist's sketch

laborers will direct the excavation. gives additional information [see Dr. Stanley KimPreliminary studies were conducted by Dr. Fowler ball's article and pictures in the July Era], and our

during December 1961 at which time he was able job is to confirm or alter these descriptions to the extent possible through recovery of as much of the to locate four of the original pilasters in the south wall original font as may still lie buried beneath our and parts of the east wall as well as obtain a good excavation.

picture of the stratigraphy. Stratigraphy refers to the By September when the excavation will be comvarious vertical layers of soil and debris which in a plete, we hope to have exposed to public view many

sense outline the history of the site; for example, we of the interesting details about the temple itself as

will begin working on the top layer which consists well as artifacts representing the culture of this imof soil and rubble that has accumulated on the site portant period in LDS history.

JUNE 1962 401 njn ii 1NFJt \ H I J 1 I 111 1I I NFERENCE

seen and heard in many lands

P o

oa

o

G)fw&Q&0ittf&lffilfc&iglJtifc& sssss!?

*f*

*9Ufei

F J

f?

*w*fe**

1g$jg&.

Friday Morning Session, April 6, 1962 THE DIVINE CHURCH President David 0. McKay

One hundred and thirtytwo years ago Lord, Joseph Smith had written: him unto Areopagus, saying, May we

today a group of men and women, in "... a marvelous work is about to know what this new doctrine, whereof

obedience to a commandment of God, come forth among the children of men."thou speakest is?

were assembled in the house of Mr. (D&C 4:1.) "For thou bringest certain strange

Peter Whitmer, Sen., for the purpose There is no evidence that such a things to our ears: we would know thereof organizing the Church. statement had ever before been made fore what these things mean."(Acts

It was just a group of friendly neighby an obscure lad, and if it had, it 17:1920.)

bors, unknown to anyone beyond the would have passed into obscurity with "Then Paul stood in the midst of countryside in which they followed their the boastful pretensions or imaginations Mars'Hill, and said, Ye men of Athens, daily vocations. A good picture of the of its author. Just as the anticipated, I perceive that in all things ye are too

moral and economic atmosphere of the foolish aspirations of "Darius Green and superstitious.

neighborhood may be surmised from the his flying machine,"—T am not sure "For as I passed by, and beheld your

following introduction of one of the whether I am right on that, but that is devotions, I found an altar with this incitizens: Joseph Knight, Sen. "'owned a as I remember it as a boy—who spoke scription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD,

farm, a grist mill and carding machine. disdainfully of the man who had made Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship,

He was not rich, yet he possessed enough "wings of wax"that would not stand him declare I unto you."(Ibid.,

of this world's goods to secure to himself "sunshine and hard whacks,"and who 17:2223.)

and family, not only the necessaries, boastfully said: "I shall make mine of Today, as then, too many men and

but also the comforts of life....'He leather, or something or other."women have other gods to which they

'was... a sober, honest man, generally I mention that merely to emphasize give more thought than to the resurrespected and beloved by his neighbors the fact that a Church to become a rected Lord—the god of pleasure, the

and acquaintances. He did not belong "marvelous work and a wonder"must god of wealth, the god of indulgence,

to any religious sect, but was a believer contain those elements of truth which the god of political power, the god of in the Universalian doctrine.'The busifind lodgment in the human mind, popularity, the god of race superiority

ness in which Joseph Knight, Sen., enwhich in honesty recognizes and loves as varied and numerous as were the

gaged, made it necessary at times for truth wherever or whenever it is found. gods in ancient Athens and Rome.

him to hire men, and the Prophet It is true that over a century ago, Thoughts that most frequently occupy

Joseph was occasionally employed by when men heard that a young man the mind determine a man's course of him. To the Knight family,... the claimed that God had revealed himself, action. It is therefore a blessing to the

young Prophet related many of the they mocked him, and in doubt turned world that there are occasions such as things God had revealed respecting the away from him just as in the beginning this, which, as warning semaphores, say

Book of Mormon, then as yet, to come of the Christian Era wise and able men to mankind: In your mad rush for

forth."(DHC 1:47.) in Athens turned away from a lonely pleasure, wealth, and fame, pause and

Of such ordinary, rural men and little browneyed man who challenged think what is of most value in life.

women was the group composed who much of their philosophy as false and What fundamental truths, what eterassembled in Peter Whitmer's house in their worship of images as gross error, nal principles, if any, were associated

Fayette, Seneca County, New York, a yet the fact remained that he was the with that little group which assembled century and thirtytwo years ago today. only man in that great city of intelone hundred and thirtytwo years ago?

tive—sevenMeans of communicationyears before theweretelegraphprimilectualsthat a manwhomayknewpassbythroughactual theexperienceportals Deity.The firstFor wasthe Man'sfirst timeRelationshipin eighteento would be known. The only light in the of death and live—the only man in hundred years, God had revealed himhouse after dark would be furnished by Athens who could clearly sense the self as a Personal Being. The relationcandle, perhaps by kerosene lamp. The difference between the formality of ship of Father and Son had been estabelectric light globe would not be known idolatry and the heartfelt worship of the lished by the divine introduction: "This

for forty years. Sixty years—almost a only true and living God. By the is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph lifetime—before the automobile would Epicureans and Stoics with whom he Smith 2:17.)

be used! And the airplane existed only had conversed and argued, Paul had Those who were baptized into the

in the realm of imagination. Yet one been called a "babbler,"a "setterChurch that day in April 1830 believed

year before the organization of the forth of strange gods;"in the existence of a Personal God;

Church, under the inspiration of the "And they took him, and brought that his reality and that of his Son

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jesus Christ constitute the eternal founof Man. One of the two great general shall not live by bread alone, but by

dation upon which this Church is built. principles to which all others are subevery word that proceedeth out of the

Commenting upon this eternally exsidiary is this: "... love thy neighbour mouth of God."(Ibid., 4:4.)

istent, creative power of God, Dr. as thyself,"(Matt. 19:19) and correWith unwavering strength, Jesus withCharles A. Dinsmore of Yale University, lated with it, the promise: "Inasmuch stood the tempter's taunts and promises

in Christianity and Modern Thought, as ye have done it unto the least of that followed, and triumphantly deaptly says: these my brethren, ye have done it unto manded, "... Get thee hence, Satan:

"Religion, standing on the known exme."(Ibid., 25:40.) for it is written, Thou shalt worship the

perience of the race, makes one bold and The gospel bids the strong bear the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou glorious affirmation. She asserts that burdens of the weak, and to use the serve."(Ibid., 4:10.)

this power that makes for truth, for advantages given them by their larger So it is with each of us in our daily beauty, and for goodness is not less peropportunities in the interest of the comresisting of the tempter. He will make

sonal than we. This leap of faith is mon good that the whole level of huhis appeal to what may be our weakest

justified because God cannot he less than manity may be lifted, and the path of point of resistance. His strongest strain

the greatest of his works, the Cause must spiritual attainment opened to the weakwill be on the weakest link in the chain be adequate to the effect. When, thereest and most unlearned as well as to that binds our character. It may come

fore, we call God personal, we have the strong and intelligent. in the form of yielding to habit,

interpreted him by the loftiest symbol we The Savior condemned hypocrisy and tendency, or passion which we have have. He may be infinitely more. He praised sincerity of purpose. He taught indulged for years. It may be a desire

cannot be less. When we call God a that if the heart be pure, actions will be for the old pipe or the cigaret which

Spirit, we use the clearest lens we have in accord therewith. Social sins—lying, we determined, if we were sincere, to

to look at the Everlasting. As Herbert stealing, dishonest dealings, adultery, put aside when we entered the waters

Spencer has well said: 'The choice is not and the like—are first committed in of baptism. And when that longing

between a personal God and something thought. comes, after we are in the Church or

lower, but between a personal God and "Sow a thought, reap an act, kingdom, in that moment when temptasomething higher.'Sow an act, reap a habit, tion comes, we may say to ourselves,

"My Lord and my God"was not mereSow a habit, reap a character, "Though I intend to throw it aside, Ily a spontaneous, meaningless exclamaSow a character, reap an eternal destiny."will take it only once more—this once

tion of is his will beheld count."the he not Thomas when That moment D. Boardman—E. Lord.Risen Being before of as resistance say, The should him was when we charunsullied that an taught Jesushis Christ, God. thee accept as Christ Once behind me."we "Get

life. in is noblest man acter the aim No

it isdivine, easy to visualize of his in selfcontrol regard This Father power his to to apply resolve sincerely canas just being as to as personal for he; satisfying bodily our longings, Christ the of of Jesus teachings life the daily "...said, that applies he to passions, of seen every hath hath member me in sensing a change without Nazareth."..seen Father. the of Christ. the 14:9.) the In way, Church (John some

nature. phrase, his "born The own boastful, is attack will Evil us; unfounded, the how some How he One way again,"significance deeper a has than declarationbrazen of us. will that In can way, weaken he communism some

it. to attach people This changed many is"there that no God,"and will "Religion that us before bring weaken which

it is indescribable, feeling but be may is(the church) opiate!"but will an to souls our thwart the tend and

real. truly the person has Happy who in Faith the existence of spirit true of within, Intelligent the an development

uplifting, sensed the transforming power firstCreator the was that the strengthening element the of conand growth that this to the nearness from comes totributed the spirit, perpetuity kill, of the time cannot which Church, which Savior, this to the Christ. kinship Living everlastingthe is as as foundation Eternal enduring upon the Father which

is necessary Resistance along obwith is built.the spirit. of Church the the will things which And sense taining real a divinity. the oi

its spirit is this to cornerstone or tend to second dwarf hinder the The Divine should also developed There be the

Christ.Sonship are of things Jesus growth of gospel which members The selfmastery. power has of Someone

is resist.teaches that Christ called the are of to the Church upon Son God, said that prophet, the makes when Godthe of the thirtytwo Redeemer years hundred world. ago and true One No I not the does he believe unmake man.

is satisfiedfollower to officially the organized accept was with Church merely h>m that, being though "born anew,"and

It sixas great teacher, I a great reformer, members. or and, was unknown, a

life, entitled to being vigor, new new as repeat,even the Perfect to be only would the One Man. known The blessings, the yet old weaknesses new

it is of extent Galilee that not figuratively, contained radiated andMan but still remain. adversary stands may Theliterally the of principles eternal those the Son Living which harmoGod. ever to eager by, ready attack and and

its nize eternity third the of principle with Author, to contributes and which A strike at point. us our weakest

it stability only thus greatthe could of the a become and and Church which of for incident the Take, example, work. marvelous littleimpressed not only that group,

of the Temptation. Jesus on Mount since, millions thatbut great a and of are there the branches Today the passed After through had hemarvelous to work forth, about was come of parts the world. in Church many fulfil all rightto of ordinance baptism

is the immortality the soul. of human light of glorious effulgent a the sun As after received the eousness, comhe had

Jesus passed through all the experimendation of the Father and the testigladdens the surface of the earth by ences of mortality just as you and I. mony from on high that he is the Beday, so the Light of Truth is entering

He knew happiness. He experienced loved Son in whom the Father is well into the hearts of many honest men and

pain. He rejoiced as well as sorrowed pleased, the tempter was there ready women throughout the world.

with others. He knew friendship. He to thwart, if possible, his divine mission. The marvelous progress that has been

experienced also the sadness that comes At his weakest moment, as Satan made in transportation and communithrough traitors and false accusers. He thought, when his body was famished cation makes it possible for the promuldied a mortal death even as every other by long fasting, the Evil One presented gation of the truths of the restored gospel

mortal. As his spirit lived after death, himself, saying, "... If thou be the to be made known to the children of

so shall yours and mine. Son of God, command that these stones men everywhere on the face of the

A fourth element which contributed to be made bread."(Matt. 4:3.) Though globe. It is possible for millions in

the perpetuity of that little group was his body was weak, his spirit was strong, America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and the the Cherished Hope for the Brotherhood as he answered: "... It is written, Man islands of the sea not only to hear, but

JUNE 1962 405 in many instances to see what you are center of our lives. "Go, ye messengers of glory;

doing as members for the gospel of Jesus Christ his Beloved Son also lives Run, ye legates of the skies;

truth. and stands at the head of the kingdom Go and tell the pleasing story

To all members, and to our Father's of God on earth. Through him the That a glorious angel flies;

children everywhere, we declare in all eternal plan of the gospel has been sincerity that God lives! As sure as the given to man and restored in its fulness "Go, to all the gospel carry;

light of the sun shines upon everything to the Prophet Joseph Smith. Through Let the joyful news abound;

on the physical earth, so the radiance obedience to the principles of the gospel, Go till every nation hear you, that emanates from the Creator brightwe may become partakers of his divine Jew and Gentile greet the sound.

ens every soul that comes into the world Spirit, as Peter of old, after two and a Let the gospel echo all the earth around."

of humanity, for it is in him that we half years of association with the Re- "live and move and have our being."deemer, testified. (See 2 Peter 1:4.) I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

All of us, therefore, should make him the In the words of President John Taylor: Amen.

REVELATION: YESTERDAY AND TODAY

President Henry D. Moyle

of the First Presidency

How often in the history of the world current revelation. We all remember questions leave the inquirer in a quandahas a people been brought to its spiritPeter's answer to the Savior's question ry if he at the same time denies the posual inheritance through the endurance in Matthew 16: "... But whom say ye sibility of revelation. When revelation

of bitter experiences? Trial accompanied that I am? from God ceases, apostasy sets in—man

the move of Israel out of Egypt after "And Simon Peter answered and said, is left to stand alone. The surest of all

four hundred years of bondage, and just Thou art the Christ, the Son of the declarations of apostasy is to declare as surely as trial accompanied Israel, it living God. the heavens are closed and revelation

accompanied our forefathers to the pas- "And Jesus answered and said unto from God to man has ceased. We protures of these mountain valleys where him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: claim to the world this statement is a

his work might the better unfold after for flesh and blood hath not revealed selfevident truth.

seventeen years of intense persecution it unto thee, but my Father which is Is today and its problems so simple in New York, Ohio, Missouri, and Illiin heaven."(Matt. 16:1517.) that we need no help from heaven? We

nois, and the crossing of the plains to Peter was divinely appointed to reknow that God is omnipotent. Why

Utah. ceive revelation for the Church as long should he close the heavens for us forThere is a repetition in the restoas God retained him head of the Church. ever after the translation of John and fail

ration of the Church today of most He was persecuted until he became a to give to his children on earth the beneall that has gone before. Since the martyr. Peter was followed by John after fit of his unlimited power contrary to

restoration of the gospel in 1830, God's Peter's death. Thereafter, God gave his the past history of his help to mortal

dealings with his children here upon revelations to John as head of the man?

the earth reflect a high degree of uniChurch. The last book of the New History repeats itself. I quote from

formity throughout as we compare the Testament contains the revelations given an author discussing Moses and his present with every prior generation of to John. John was banished to the Isle people:

the gospel. And this similarity is strikof Patmos after being persecuted before "There has never been another naing in two major aspects: first, persethese revelations were given. tion in human history with which one

cution, and second, revelation. His Paul says to the Ephesians, recorded person was so essentially identified and

people have all been tried in adversity in Ephesians 2, that the Church is to whom its institutions could be so in all generations. Persecution has con- "built upon the foundation of the aposgraced. What a remarkable place then

tinued, and why should not revelation tles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself this leader and lawgiver holds in Biblibe kept equally current? being the chief corner stone; cal history."

is position entirely all the building Joseph Smith's fitly framed "In whom the existing churches with Can we say in the to Moses'groweth unto founding an holy temple comparable of are closed, the the world, there together heavens of this in in the the Lord:"(Eph. of Dispensation Church 2:2021.) is further revelation to since be no John

of the Fulness his Times. people chief Christ, the cornerstone, and Jesus He of the completed Revelation? book We suffered persecution in instances asserts directs his his leadership many and bear witness to that the worldknow and

severe as intense as suffered and that revelations his the of through by Church is the of in survival faith our God

Israel ancient while rule under his Egyptian to will holy the servant and mind dependent presentday direction upon its later forty in of and years of wandering prophet, his the the head Church, is from God. impotent when How man in wilderness. the sufpriest presiding Joseph Smith this here high upon is left he alone the revelations with only

fered persecution of fifteen the from age If earth revelation cease, to today. were of the past? presentday reveWithout

to the age of thirtyeight of he was not Christ death the should when have why lation very the foundations upon which martyred. sealed his critical testimony He with rather the point been turning last this of Dispensation the of Fulness

his it is blood. said Sometimes translation of last of hear the than the John, we built Times crumble. was would There

too it about Smith. Joseph much apostles? As the Moses to necessary was Why fulness of can gospel the be no without

in his day, Joseph personiSmith today to apostles after continue revelation the revelation, ever. or now

fies revelations the of to given the of ascension Christ? God him

of the that Savior the words Would direct the of founding his is to of office Church and prophesy. prophet a The

his to apostles other Peter were and kingdom the earth today. upon truly withprophesy a prophet can How world. the understood underby To 1844 former Quincy, Josiah should have Paul revelation? out In May Why that the stand would be to know them city of of his for the necessity Boston, apostles and the emphasized mayor

true knowledge of God must rest upon and prophets in the Church if there cultured friend, Dr. Charles Francis

*Address delivered Sunday morning, April were to be no further prophecy? These Adams, son and grandson respectively

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of two Presidents of the United States, and to accomplish his purposes upon who received each for himself through spent two days with Joseph Smith in the earth. the Holy Ghost the testimony that Jesus

Nauvoo. In a book entitled, Figures of How can God gather together all Christ is the Son of the Living God.

the Past which Mr. Quincy subsequently things in one, both in heaven and in John in his Gospel leaves no doubt

published, he wrote as follows: earth in the fulness of times without about the office of the Holy Ghost as a

"It is by no means improbable that calling and ordaining individuals to member of the Godhead. The Savior

some future textbook, for the use of fulfil his divine decree? Amos, the immediately before his ascension to

generations yet unborn, will contain a ancient prophet, revealed to mankind heaven gave his disciples the following question something like this: What an eternal truth as follows: assurance: "But the Comforter, which

historical American of the nineteenth "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will century has exerted the most powerful but he revealeth his secret unto his send in my name, he shall teach you influence upon the destinies of his counservants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) all things, and bring all things to your

trymen? And it is by no means impossiThe Lord has always so manifest remembrance, whatsoever I have said

ble that the answer to that interrogatory himself in one way or another that his unto you."(John 14:26.)

may be thus written: JOSEPH SMITH people, those who acknowledge him as Brigham Young once said: "Let every

THE MORMON PROPHET."their God and who lend obedience to man and woman know by the whisperYes, Joseph Smith was able to conhis laws, should always know him. The ing of the Spirit of God to themselves

found the wise, to astonish the learned, Apostle John in his Gospel, wrote: whether their leaders are walking in

and to outmarvel the great. Can any "And this is life eternal, that they the path the Lord dictates or not."

sincere truthseeker in the field of remight know thee the only true God, (Journal of Discourses, Vol. 9, p. 150.)

ligion conscientiously decline to make and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."It is, therefore, here that the right

a thorough study of the teachings and (John 17:3.) exists in every member of the Church

accomplishments of Joseph Smith? Let We are his people today. He dwells to receive the witness of the Holy Ghost

every honest investigator find the truth concerning that which the prophet of for himself.

Yes, Joseph Smith is a true prophet SUNSET Godtrue. revealsBrighamor Youngwhich furthermorehe prophesiessays:is

of God. This I humbly testify. BY THELMA J. RYSER "We can tell when the speakers are

Joseph Smith to continue must only Ghost moved Holy by the when be Have you ever seen the sunsetrecognized by the Church and the world are ourselves the by upon moved we to be the modernday lawgiver by which From the hilltop in the spring, Holy Ghost. Therefore, it is essential

the gospel of Jesus Christ was restored How it pours its golden dryads that the membership of the Church to the earth in its pristine purity. The diligent just as faith as their in their housetop, wall, On and wing? beLord has that his promised work (Ibid., leaders."Vol. 277.) 7, p.

it and As slowly fades sohis Church never again would be taken this gift, people throughout Through from the earth or given to another To ambers, then to reds, the world have received a testimony of itpeople, that but would grow and truth. bless us in our he How can exIt almost sounds a warning the

it fillspand until the earth. whole Note retime of distress need and without

the significance of Daniel's inspired inFor flowers to droop their heads. vealing his power, his will, his influence,

terpretation of King Nebuchadnezzar's Then it sinks quite lazily his inspiration to us today? Would you

dream in the second chapter of Daniel Beyond the waters blue, rather believe that the heavens are recorded: "And in the days of these kings shall And all we have at evening closed?on the wisdomShould youand ratherstrengthrelyof alonemen?

the God of heaven set up a kingdom, Is heavens lovely hue. We invite you to investigate to your

which shall never be destroyed: and the complete satisfaction the claim made

kingdom shall not be left to other by the Prophet Joseph Smith that the people, but it shall break in pieces and among us. This I know. And he is heavens are open, the ancient gospel is

consume all these kingdoms, and it our Lord, our God. The Lord has not once again brought to earth. Ponder

shall stand for ever."(Dan. 2:44.) and does not leave us in darkness, and over the following revelation of John

Paul understood Daniel's interpretawe know with Paul of old, that "... no in Revelation: "And I saw another

tion just quoted when he wrote in his man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but angel fly in the midst of heaven, having epistle to the Ephesians, recorded in the by the Holy Ghost."(1 Cor. 12:3.) The the everlasting gospel to preach unto

first chapter: Lord has provided the means by which them that dwell on the earth, and to

"That in the dispensation of the fulwe may receive the Holy Ghost and every nation, and kindred, and tongue, ness of times he might gather together receive the witness of the Holy Ghost and people."(Rev. 14:6.)

in one all things in Christ, both which that Jesus is the Christ. We believe We give to the world a record of the

are in heaven, and which are on earth; in baptism by immersion for the remisfulfilment of this prophecy in the aceven in him: sion of sins. We believe in the laying count of the restoration of the gospel

"That the God of our Lord Jesus on of hands after baptism for the gift through the instrumentality of the prophChrist, the Father of glory, may give of the Holy Ghost. "We believe that a et Joseph Smith. We give you Joseph

unto you the spirit of wisdom and reveman must be called of God, by prophecy, Smith's testimony to the world in part lation in the knowledge of him."(Eph. and by the laying on of hands, by those his entire testimony is readily available

1:10, 17.) who are in authority to preach the Gosto all who desire to know the truth.

How can God set up a kingdom in pel and administer in the ordinances Joseph Smith, after reading in Holy the latter days when the kingdoms of thereof."(Fifth Article of Faith.) Scriptures the following, went into the

the earth are to be destroyed without Jesus Christ conferred his priesthood woods to pray: "If any of you lack

revealing the time, the place, the inupon the apostles of old. Then Peter, wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth

strumentality fixed and determined by James, and John as resurrected beings to all men liberally, and upbraideth him to accomplish his everlasting purconferred the same priesthood which not; and it shall be given him."(James

pose? they had received from the Lord Jesus 1:5.)

I hope my listeners will bear in mind Christ upon Joseph Smith and Oliver He prayed fervently as a boy, and as that God is dependent in large measure Cowdery. The gift of the Holy Ghost he prayed, he saw a pillar of light exupon his children in the exercise of their has also been conferred upon hundreds actly over his head above the brightown free agency to carry out his will of thousands of people, living and dead, ness of the sun. Continuing, Joseph

JUNE 1962 407 said: "When the light rested upon me with his blood. His work has stood the nevertheless that God has given to us

I saw two Personages, whose brightness test of time stronger and more rugged the great plan of salvation whereby men and glory defy all description.... One of and more certain now than ever before through obedience can bring themselves

them spake unto me, calling me by name in spirit and in testimony. back into the presence of God, saved and

and said,... to the other, This is My Just what was Joseph Smith's final exalted eternally in his kingdom. We

Beloved Son. Hear Him."(Joseph testimony to the world? "And now, declare with Paul that "the gospel of

Smith 2:17.) after the many testimonies which have [Jesus] Christ... is the power of God

Joseph Smith asked the personage been given of him, this is the testimony, unto salvation."(Rom. 1:16.)

which of all the sects was right and last of all, which we give of him: That We call the world to repentance and

which he should join. "I was answered he lives! charge the world with the responsibility

that I must join none of them for they "For we saw him, even on the right of prayerfully and humbly seeking the were all wrong."(ibid.; 2:19.) The hand of God; and we heard the voice truth, for the heavens are opened, and

truth concerning the churches of the bearing record that he is the Only BeGod will reveal unto mankind the world was then further explained. Joseph gotten of the Father...."(D&C truth.

Smith was directed to await further 76:2223.) Let me say with Paul, that "the wages

revelation from heaven. A decade later, The innermost feelings of my heart of sin is death; but the gift of God is

in Smith, obedienceJoseph to are today direction not dissimilar to of those eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord, organizedfrom the the of stood Paul as before he Church King Agrippa Lord."(Ibid., 6:23.) of ChristJesus Latterday Saints to said Paul to "I on him: when would

April 6, 1830 in the state of New York: God, that not only thou, but also all May he bless us all to the end that

He endured every trial, tribulation, and that hear me this day, were both almost, we may really know him through the persecution imaginable until he was and altogether such as I am, except these gift of the Holy Ghost, I pray, in the finally martyred, and, as I have said, bonds."(Acts 26:29.) name of Jesus Christ, our Redeemer.

he sealed his testimony to the world We are not in bonds today. We know Amen.

jV*

,-:: -: ':}:: )i/tm&,

4 tARE THE LATTERDAY SAINTS... CHRISTIANS?"

President Hugh B. Brown

of the First Presidency

I pray for divine guidance as I humbly example of Jesus Christ, or one whose true Christian gospel is built. Upon it,

undertake to speak to this vast audience. life is conformed to the doctrines of the salvation of the whole human

May the Holy Spirit dictate what is said, Jesus of Nazareth. family depends. He who understands

and then it will be the truth, and may Now we cannot, of course, this and accepts the full significance of the that same Spirit, which is the Spirit of morning discuss, nor could we hardly vicarious sacrifice of Jesus Christ and truth, accompany the spoken word to enumerate the various saving principles conforms to the principles and ordiour edification and blessing. of the gospel of Christ, but there is one nances which that acceptance enjoins

A brief explanation of our interpredoctrinal event which foreshadows and may be properly classified as a Christian.

tation and acceptance of the most overshadows all other Christian docBut there must be more than mere lip fundamental of all Christian doctrines trine. I refer to the atonement of service; faith alone is not sufficient.

may assist both friends and members Christ, and it would seem that this Jesus said: "Wherefore by their fruits

to answer the recurring question: Are would be appropriate, as we approach ye shall know them.

the Latterday Saints, or Mormons, the Easter time. "We believe that "Not every one that saith unto me,

Christians? through the Atonement of Christ, all Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom

We might with profit, and we hope mankind may be saved, by obedience to of heaven; but he that doeth the will

is in heaven."with some interest, consider the questhe laws and ordinances of the Gospel."of my Father which

7:2021.) (Matthew

to be Article of Faith.) does it mean tion: What a Chris- (Third a Chrismust do to become one What

tian? defines a Christian The dictionary in this Faith one is transcendent event, tian or to saved be an ancient and

as one who follows the precepts and the most important in all history, is the oftrepeated question which was an- 'Address delivered Sunday morning, April 8. enduring foundation upon which the swered by Peter, the apostle, on the day

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of Pentecost, when through his powerthe dead is assured to all men. The answer is found in the fact

ful sermon the people were convinced John said: "And I saw the dead, small that of all the sons of God, only Christ

and pricked in their hearts and cried and great, stand before God; and the could qualify, because he was the only

out: "Men and brethren, what shall we books were opened: and another book sinless man who ever walked the earth.

do?"and the apostle said, "... Repent, was opened, which is the book of life: Furthermore, he was the First Begotten,

and be baptized every one of you in the and the dead were judged out of those the eldest of the sons of God in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of things which were written in the books, spirit, and the Only Begotten in the sins, and ye shall receive the gift of according to their works."(Rev. 20:12.) flesh, and therefore the only one who

the Holy Ghost."(Acts 2:38.) Eternal life and exaltation, however, possessed the full powers of Godhood

Forgiveness on terms of repentance is made possible by the vicarious sacrifice and manhood. Hear him refer to that

a basic Christian principle. But is one of Christ may be progressively attained premortal existence in the most beautisaved by merely meeting these preby man's voluntary cooperation with ful prayer on record, found in the 17th

liminary requirements? The Apostle divine will and purpose. When we chapter of John; he prayed: "And now,

Paul, in one of his dynamic letters, said, think of any reconciliation or appease- O Father, glorify thou me with thine speaking of these principles: "... let us ment or settlement, we consider it in own self with the glory which I had

go on unto perfection; not laying again connection with some previous act or with thee before the world was."

the foundation of repentance from dead event of which it is a sequel. For in- (John 17:5.)

works, and of faith toward God,"stance, a treaty of peace is a sequel of Christ was the only one wholly free (Hebrews 6:1.) war. A settlement of a claim or an from the dominion of Satan, the only

And he adds that the work of obligation implies there has been an one possessed of power to hold death perfecting the Saints (the people of the account with a debit balance. When in abeyance and to die only as he

Church in former days were known as we speak of the atonement wrought by willed so to do, the only one who could

Saints) must continue "Till we all come Jesus Christ, we envision an unpaid conquer death. He said: "For as the

in the unity of the faith, and of the debt, and antecedent transgression; Father hath life in himself; so hath he

knowledge of the Son of God, unto a something to atone for. given to the Son to have life in himperfect man, unto the measure of the All students of the Bible who accept self;"(John 5:26.)

stature of the fulness of Christ:"the New Testament see in his atoneAnd again: "Therefore doth my Father

(Ephesians 4:13.) ment a sequel to the transgression of love me, because I lay down my life,

Salvation is a continuing, ongoing Adam, generally known as the Fall of that I might take it again.

process. It is eternally improving, Adam. Through the Fall, Adam and "No man taketh it from me, but I lay

of myself.achieving, down to all their over- I have and Eve power and subit posterity became becoming—yes, lay it down,coming. In and I have ject to to take power bodily disintegration some ways it be and death may

analogous to education, which is a conand also to banishment from the presit again...."(John 10:1718.)

tinuous process of overcoming ignorance. ence of God, which is in the nature of Another question is sometimes heard:

When is a man educated? When is a spiritual death, and this despite the fact Why should Christ have volunteered to

man saved? We believe a man is saved that the cause was individual transmake this sacrifice? What was the

no faster than he gains knowledge for gression. By the individual atonement motive that inspired and sustained him

"the glory of God is intelligence."(See of Christ, free redemption from the from the time of that council in heaven

D&C 93:36.) transgression of Adam is assured to all. until the moment of his agonized cry,

Is a man educated when he enrolls Paul assures us that: "... since by man "It is finished"? (John 19:30.)

in college, or when he gets his bachecame death, by man came also the The answer to this question is twolor's, his master's or doctorate? Yes, resurrection of the dead. fold: first, his undeviating devotion to

relatively, he is an educated man, but he "For as in Adam all die, even so in his Father's will. He said: "... My

still has a. lifetime—an eternity, in fact, Christ shall all be made alive."meat is to do the will of him that sent

in which to pursue knowledge and truth. (1 Corinthians 15:2122.) me, and to finish his work."(Ibid.,

The highest reaches of life are but emThe transgression of Adam, together 4:34.)

bryonic in the light of eternity, and man with all of its consequences, was Second was his supernal and allem- has every reason to hope that a future foreseen and the expiation provided for bracing love for mankind, who, without life will afford him full scope for larger before the foundations of the world were his mediation, would have remained and fuller achievement. laid. In that primeval council, of which in the total gloom of desiring without

This Church, which bears Christ's the scriptures speak, when "all the sons hope throughout eternity.

name, has from the beginning uniformly of God shouted for joy"(see Job 38:7), As the late President Taylor very

taught that faith in the Lord Jesus Christ offered himself as a ransom. beautifully and very truthfully said,

Christ is the first saving principle of the He was not coerced or required to make speaking of the atonement: "Is justice

gospel, but as the poet tells us, "Heaven this sacrifice. His free agency was in dishonored? No; it is satisfied, the

is not gained by a single bound, but no way infringed or trammeled. It was debt is paid. Is righteousness departed

we build the ladders by which we rise, a freewill, loveinspired offer, which from? No; this is a righteous act. All

from the lowly earth to the vaulted could have been withdrawn at any time. requirements are met. Is judgment

skies, and mount to its summit round It was optional until the very time of violated? No; its demands are fulfilled.

by round."his crucifixion. He gently rebuked Is mercy triumphant? No; she simply

Faith must be confirmed and demonPeter, you remember, who would have claims her own. Justice, judgment,

strated by active acceptance of all the defended him with a sword at the time mercy and truth all harmonize as the other principles and ordinances taught of the betrayal, and Jesus said: "Thinkattributes of Deity. 'Justice and truth

by him whose name is incorporated in est thou that I cannot now pray to my have met together, righteousness and the word Christian. Father, and he shall presently give me peace have kissed each other.'Justice

We do not claim to understand fully more than twelve legions of angels?"and judgment triumph as well as mercy

the atonement in all of its limitless scope (Matthew 26:53.) and peace;"(The Mediation and Atoneand infinite blessing; but God has reThe question is sometimes asked: ment, 1950 edition, p. 167.)

vealed enough detail concerning the Why was such a sacrifice of God's beWhat was the alternative to the need, purpose, and universal application loved Son permitted or accepted? Why atonement? What if there had been

of the atonement of Christ to justify not let someone else pay that debt? no atonement? If there had been no

the doctrine that the resurrection from Why not Adam? atonement, all men would have been

JUNE 1962 409 doomed to eternal death, for unless "And whosoever liveth and believeth the young man who came to him saying:

Christ had broken its bonds, death in me shall never die...."(John "... Good Master, what good thing

would have been victorious. All who 11:2526.) shall I do, that I may have eternal life?

died before the Meridian of Time were But the victory over death is not the "And he said unto him, Why callest still in their graves when Christ came only benefit arising from the atonement thou me good? there is none good but

forth triumphantly from the tomb and of the Messiah; his atonement not only one, that is, God: but if thou wilt enter

broke the bonds that held them captive. liberated all men from eternal death into life, keep the commandments.

Matthew records that: "... the graves but, through the atonement, forgive- "He saith unto him, Which? Jesus

were opened; and many bodies of the ness of our individual sins may be said, Thou shalt do no murder, Thou

Saints which slept arose, obtained. He made it possible for us, shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt

steal, faith, false shalt repentance, bear not not continued through and Thou after graves of the out came "And witness, absolution to obtain from resurrection,his into the righteousness, and went sins. father effects of thy the personal thy and does mother: "Honor One

city,holy appeared unto many."and

full of get benefit shalt as love the and, the not thy neighbour atonement Thou 27:5253.)(Matthew

it. thyself. simply acknowledging by

Thus he became the first fruits of Men cannot be saved in their sins "The young man saith unto him, All them that slept. When the Apostle because, by divine decree, no unclean these things have I kept from my youth

Paul comprehended the full meaning thing can enter the kingdom of heaven; up: what lack I yet?

of this unprecedented event, he joyhowever, through repentance, baptism, "Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be fully exclaimed: "O death, where is and the power of the Holy Ghost, men perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and

thy sting? O grave, where is thy vicmay be saved from their sins. give to the poor, and thou shalt have

tory?"(1 Corinthians 15:55.) No man can by one single act, howtreasure in heaven: and come and follow

And Jesus comforted and reassured all ever great or sincere, free himself from me."(Matthew 19:1621.)

the grieving Marthas of the world with the necessity for that "patient continIt is not enough therefore merely to these immortal words: "... I am the uance in well doing"of which Paul keep the commandments or obey the

resurrection, and the life: he that bespeaks. He must still follow the Master law nor even to sell all and give to the

lieveth in me, though he were dead, and endure to the end. Jesus plainly poor. The final requirement is to follow

yet shall he live: and impressively taught this truth to the Master. The poet has us sing:

AN ANCHOR TO OUR SOULS

President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve My beloved brethren and sisters, I feel the most noble women who ever lived, Lord set up a kingdom, or would, for like I had Just passed through a tornado, but I did know her good sister, my Aunt this king was seeing into the future (laughter) I did not say that to make Mercy Thompson, and as a boy I used to to a time when the Lord would set up you laugh. But the Lord never blessed go and visit her in her home and sit at a kingdom that would endure forever,

me with a voice nor the quality to exher knee, where she told me stories would never be destroyed or given to plode when I get up to deliver a disabout the Prophet Joseph Smith, and, another people.

course, so I am deficient in those oh, how grateful I am for that experience. I have always been very grateful for

things. I do wish to say, however, that I know that the Church of Jesus Christ the testimony coming to me through the

I have a testimony of this truth. I am of Latterday Saints is in very deed the Spirit of the Lord that Joseph Smith, the

grateful for it. I do not remember the kingdom of God, the same kingdom that Prophet of God, was called to stand at

time when I did not believe in the miswas seen by a great king long before the head of the Dispensation of the Fulsion of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ the birth of Christ in a dream or a ness of Times when this kingdom would nor in the mission of the Prophet Joseph vision that he received that had to be be set up, never to be destroyed or given

Smith, and I hope you will forgive me interpreted by a prophet of the Lord, to another people. That ought to be an

if I get a little personal. in which the Lord made known to that anchor to our souls.

I was trained at my mother's knee to king, not for his benefit, but to the beneWe have people who go out of the love the Prophet Joseph Smith and to fit of the nations of the earth and the Church from time to time and set up love my Redeemer. I never knew my peoples who should follow after and organizations of their own, claiming that

Grandmother Smith. I have always more particularly I think for the Latterthe kingdom of God has failed, that

regretted that, because she was one of day Saints of this dispensation, that the they have something better. I am sorry

EACH MEMBER TO CONVEY GOSPEL

Alvin R. Dyer

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My dear brothers and sisters, it has I feel that I should be ungrateful this have witnessed his prophecies come true been our great privilege this morning morning if I did not testify to you, my and have participated in the unerring to hear the opening message of our bebrethren and sisters, and to my fellow wisdom of his counsel. Truly he is a

loved President. I feel grateful for his associates, as one with you who has great missionary Apostle and President.

words of counsel and enlightenment, come to know that President McKay is His travels throughout the world in which have already, through his retruly a prophet of God, and who in the behalf of God's work have exceeded even marks today and in meetings previous inspiration and revelation of his calling the travels of the earlyday apostles-.

to the conference, set the spirit of the is effectively leading the Church in its President McKay is loved by each of conference. present great period of expansion. I the General Authorities who stand

'Address delivered Saturday morning, April 7.

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Jesus, I my cross have taken, all to knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ."and become progressively better Chrisleave and follow thee; (2 Peter 1:5-8.) tians.

"Naked, poor, despised, forsaken, thou That the blessings of the atonement are No one of us is justified in praying from hence my all shall be. to be made available not only to all who as did the Pharisee of old, "God, I

all "Perish every lived I've fond ambition, before of the time also Christ but I thee, thank that as not other am or thought, all or to hoped, die known; without opportunity an who.".. men. is (Luke 18:11.) There no

is is rich to "Yet condition, the hear gospel how Peter's evidenced by God my in life true the room Christian for an still are and declaration: Heaven for this own!""For cause the my was attitude of "holier than thou."Each

all are sinners gospel That also in varying to preached are that men them one to claims a be Christian who could is degrees repeatedly in affirmed the dead, that they might accordjudged be better with as grace pray did the pubTestament. to to in Paul wrote the ing live theNew accordflesh, but men lican, "God be merciful to me, a sin-

"For all Romans: sinned, in spirit."have ing to the Peter and (1 God 4:6.) ner."(Ihid., 18:13.)

come short of the glory of God;"(RoThe Savior himself confirms this as

mans 3:23.) follows: "Verily, verily, I say unto you, Humbly we bear witness that God

And John adds: "If we say that we The hour is coming, and now is, when is a reality; he is personal and is our

have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the dead shall hear the voice of the Son Father; that Jesus of Nazareth is the

the truth is not in us."(1 John 1:8.) of God: and they that hear shall live."Redeemer and Savior of the world; that

Peter said: "And beside this, giving (John 5:25.) the gospel of Jesus Christ has been reall diligence, add to your faith virtue; In answer to the question then, what stored to the earth; and we wish all

and to virtue knowledge; does it mean to be a Christian and are men could hear and accept that mes-

"And to knowledge temperance; and we Christians, we reply that the docsage.

to temperance patience; and to patience trines we teach are Christian by every As Peter said in answer to the Savior's

godliness; test of the scripture and of revelation. question, "Whom say ye that I am?"

"And to godliness brotherly kindness; In practice we confess we often fall short. we say with him, "Thou art the Christ,

and to brotherly kindness charity. However, we are earnestly trying to the Son of the living God."(See Matt.

"For if these things be in you, and bring our lives into complete harmony 16:1516.) May God be with you till

abound, they make you that ye shall with his laws and thus become entitled we meet again, I pray in the name of neither be barren nor unfruitful in the to the full blessings of the atonement Jesus Christ. Amen.

for these people. I cannot believe that been called to that high and holy calling struction.

any of them are sincere. If they are, down through the years to President Brethren and sisters, teach your chilthen they are to be pitied, but I think David O. McKay? dren from their infancy to believe in

that they are malicious deceivers, trying The Church has not gone astray. The Jesus Christ as our redeemer, in Joseph

to destroy the kingdom of God. kingdom of God that was set up never to Smith as a Prophet of God, and in his

Every person coming into this Church be destroyed or given to another people successors in this kingdom, and let them through the waters of baptism has hands is the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattergrow up with a knowledge of this truth laid upon his or her head by which they day Saints, and it is not going to be in their hearts built upon faith and obeare to receive the gift of the Holy Ghost destroyed, and is not going to be given dience to the commandments the Lord to be a guide to them through time and to any other people. There will be has given to us and through the guidance

all eternity. I wonder how many of members of this Church because of of that Holy Spirit which will not

those who have been baptized and contheir lack of faith and obedience to the dwell in unclean tabernacles.

firmed members of this Church have so commandments of the Lord who will Now my time is up. The Lord bless

lived that they have had that guidance go astray, for the Spirit of the Lord you, my good brethren and my good and have had the testimony come to will not dwell in unclean tabernacles, sisters here; do not let anything inter-

a person turns fere if the truth from and when with your faith, will and you the that throughthem Holy Ghost Jothrough wickedness, that Spirit keep does the not of the commandments Lordseph Smith a Prophet that was of God, follow faithful in and departs, be the forget him and and not your and do

Brigham Young was a successor in the stead thereof comes the spirit of error, prayers in humility, you will not go

Presidency of the Church, and so have the spirit of disobedience, the spirit of astray; in the name of the Lord Jesus

each of the other brethren who have wickedness, the spirit of eternal deChrist. Amen.

unitedly by his side and who are willing I can testify. Not only this, but under versities, colleges, institutes, and in the

to give their all in following his inhis direction other facets of Church auxiliaries, the youth of the Church, spired leadership. His guileless love growth are going forward to match these who, while safeguarding their lives, are

for the Saints finds a spring of affection increased conversions: the expanded being prepared for leadership in the

in the hearts of us all. His vision is building program to provide the faciliChurch—the integral expansion of

the inspiration, I am confident, behind ties of worship and cultural growth which is demanding that at least 15,000 the acceleration of our proselyting effort among the members; the increased acnew stake and ward leaders be called

all over the world with which I have tivity in the priesthood, in the church each year to match the growth of the been directly connected and to which education system whereby through uniChurch.

JUNE 1962 411 The erection of temples, particularly the Saints at Ephesus of that which mature in years, highly successful in his in foreign lands, has proved to be a great would transpire in the very day in which field of work, a respected man in his stimulus to the faith of the members in we now live. This is his declaration: city and church, who recognized, by the

these areas, and has caused thousands "That in the dispensation of the fulpower of the Spirit, that Joseph Smith to remain in their native lands to help ness of times he might gather together was a prophet of God the first time that build the Church stronger, rather than in one all things in Christ, both which the missionaries testified of it. He came

to come to America and the West. The are in heaven, and which are on earth; to know this and of the truth of the

effectiveness of the Church welfare proeven in him:... message of the restoration from this

gram continues. "According as he hath chosen us in initial awakening of interest, or the

Many other phases of the Church him before the foundation of the world, "bringing of things to his remembrance"program could be mentioned which are that we should be holy and without and was led to baptism and is now with going forward under the inspired leaderblame before him in love: his wife an active member of the

ship of our beloved President. "Having predestinated us into the Church.

I am deeply grateful, my brethren adoption of children by Jesus Christ to A noted attorney in Stuttgart sensed and sisters, for the great honor and himself, according to the good pleasure in his heart upon first contact by privilege that came to Sister Dyer and of his will,..."(Eph. 1:10, 4-5.) the missionaries that the gospel is

me and our son for a part of his mission Thus, from the statement of the Lord true, though his baptism was delayed which he also spent in Europe; for the given to Hyrum Smith, through the for several weeks while the missionaries

privilege of serving in these ancient Prophet Joseph Smith, and from this taught him the lessons, which he conlands and of having the privilege of witstatement of Paul, we conclude that fessed to me later that he could not nessing the power of God go forward many of the noble and valiant spirits fully understand at the time. This atin the expansion of his work. I have of the preexistence have been withheld torney knew that the elders were servants

seen almost daily the witness of the as to birth into mortality until this parof God and that they had told him power of the gospel of Jesus Christ in ticular time that they may be here upon the truth. He is now a member of a

the lives of people and have seen many the earth, either born under the covebishopric in the Stuttgart Stake.

men and women in almost every land nant or converted to the gospel of A mature woman and her daughter, receive of the teachings of the gospel whose husband and father was dead, from the missionaries and then have replied to a Danish missionary, when watched their lives change and have UNFULFILLED asked if they had understood all of witnessed their preparation to become BY MAXINE CLAYTON GREENWOOD their teachings concerning the Godhead leaders in the Church. and the Holy Ghost, that they did not,

I am most grateful this morning that Dark clouds hang low but the woman said she knew they here in the congregation are men who With promise of lifegiving rain. were true servants of God, and she achave been called to preside over stakes The parched earth waits cepted what they had told them to be

after directly conrepentancein I have Europe. been and they were bring To

of their of the forth her abundance true,baptized thesenected men. with Church. members I know divine command. reason, I believe,faith their second for love gospel of the the and At The and

of their desire to see the work of the But slowly and bewilderingly increased number of conversions is that

Lord go forward. The promise dissipates. the Church and its objectives stand toThe most frequent question that is Earth must be patient day in a much better image before the

asked of me since my return from EuTo fulfil the Plan. world than ever before. There are

rope is this: "What is causing this many reasons for this that have gone

tremendous growth in the Church? on through the years, and it would

What is it that is causing people to Jesus Christ, that there will be strength appear that the relentless general good accept the gospel more readily than within the Church to fulfil the divine behavior and upstanding characteristics ever before?"In analyzing this, I have commitments which the Lord has placed of the members of the Church is become to the conclusion that there are upon us as a people. These choice ginning to have its effect upon good

three areas of activity which combine spirits so withheld, as could be exmen and women, civic and educational to produce the rise in converts in pected, respond more readily to the leaders, and other inspired men all over virtually all of the missions of the world. gospel message here in life when they the world.

The fact that these very things are hear it. I think the relentless effectiveness of

transpiring calls to mind the parable The Lord speaks of this very thing, the Tabernacle Choir Broadcast, coupled of the fig tree with its symbolical indias referred to by the Apostle John, conwith the goodwill tours that have been cation which the Master gave as an cerning the mission of the Holy Ghost made, has been a> great contribution in evidence of the approaches to the culwhom the Master sent after his earth breaking the crust of false concept and mination of his work here upon the life departure, which was to bring rehas established us in better image beearth. membrance to those who, by the spirit fore the people of the world, along with

The first reason, I surmised, is simply of conviction, would recognize the mesthe many services which are rendered that the harvest time is here. When the sage of truth when they heard it. These by the Church Information Service and

Prophet Joseph Smith was being inare his words: the many bureaus of information at

structed in the work which he had been "But the Comforter, which is the Holy temples, historic sites, and mainly the called to do by holy messengers sent Ghost, whom the Father will send in Temple Square Bureau, where people from the presence of God, it was made my name, he shall teach you all things, have come to know the truth about us.

known to him by revelation, as our beand bring all things to your rememThe outstanding representation we are loved prophet has mentioned this brance, whatsoever I have said unto now receiving from favorable newspaper morning, that a great and marvelous you."(John 14:26.) and magazine publicity has helped. In

work was about to come forth among For the purpose of awakening intersome instances, through advertising the children of men, but the Lord also est in the hearts of people, we have agencies, but usually the efforts of missaid that the field was white already to learned that nearly all converts to the sion presidents and missionaries, who in harvest. As to the meaning of the field Church today sense that the gospel mesthe course of their regular proselyting

being white already to harvest, we are sage is true the first time they heard it procedures and as a part of their proenlightened by the words of the Apostle proclaimed by the missionaries. gram, contact the various civic and

Paul, who by prophetic utterance told I recall a noted architect in Munich, educational leaders and keep in close

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA touch with the newspapers, make it a Of course we have a long way to go member missionary, who by example definite point to get acquainted with yet to gain the full effect before the and his good life will provide an image editors and reporters. In Europe this world of the image of our people, but of the Church for his neighbors and

has been especially effective, where definite progress is being made. friends and relatives to observe. They

more than 8,000 newspaper articles The third reason is the concept of will assist the missionaries by opening favorable to the Church have been ob- "Every Member a Missionary,"as intheir homes to investigators and to assist tained, many of which show pictures of spired by our beloved President. This in other ways, in conveying the gospel

the missionaries, most usually in the has led to more effective ways of getting message to those who do not underprocess of calling upon people, holding the gospel message to people. If every stand the truth.

cottage meetings, cycling on the cycle member of the Church will react to I am most grateful, my brethren and paths to and from their tracting districts this inspiration, fulfilling the commitsisters, that the message of the gospel and in pursuing other typical missionary ment that has been placed upon us as is to the individual, for each person routines. a people, there is every reason to believe can receive and evaluate the truth for

Press conferences have proved to be that the convert expansion of the himself. I thrilled recently as I atmost helpful in getting our story beChurch will continue. tended a meeting behind the Iron

fore the public, and we have witnessed In the preface of the Doctrine and Curtain in East Germany to hear one a change come over the civic and eduCovenants there is recorded what the of the leaders stand and testify that no cational leaders in Europe whereby Lord made known to the Prophet Joseph one could tell him how to worship God today we have recognition, and we are Smith that we are expected as a people in his own heart.

finding that information about the to convey to the masses of the world for Jesus, in his parables, manifested his

Church is being sought for and not the purpose "... that every man might way of teaching which was always to

necessarily only as we offer it. It is speak in the name of God the Lord, even the individual as evidenced by his

not unusual for the mayor and the minthe Savior of the world"; and this means parables "a certain nobleman,""Behold

isters of education, presidents of unithat a man who stands at the head of the sower,""The rich young ruler,"versities, presidents of various states, and his household may receive the priest- "The ninety and nine and the search for other influential people to be present hood through his faithfulness and then the one that is lost,""The prodigal with their wives at press receptions. We son,"etc.

have been able to get many of our What is true of conversion is true of generals and leaders of our Armed WHEN I WALK membership in the Church, for each of

Forces in Europe to attend these press LILLIE D. CHAFFIN us must work out our own salvation, and

receptions and into this atmosphere we as the Prophet Joseph Smith said, "at have brought newspaper and magazine times it may be with fear and reporters and editors, and they have When I try to walk alone, trembling,"but our obligation is to been amazed to see the influential peoLoneliness is there, convey the message of the gospel unto ple who have been in attendance. Envy, strife, covetousness—the people of the world. This means

Very often these reporters have been Every worldly care. our neighbor, as well as those who are

heard to say, "What is the mayor doing afar off.

here?"Or, "Why is the president of the But when I walk with others, In conclusion may I read two stateuniversity present?"The answer is, of Helping bear their load, ments from the revelations of the Lord

course, "They are friends of the I find that He walks with me concerning our obligation to teach the

Church,"and invariably, because of the On Emmaus Road. gospel. The Prophet Joseph Smith said

high calibre and sincerity of these afthat we are not to be ashamed to stand fairs, more comprehensive articles about up boldly for the cause of Christ, for the Church have resulted. be able to speak in the name of the said he: "... It should be the duty of

Opportunities for free radio and teleLord for and in behalf of his family the Elder to stand up boldly for the vision time, where the story of the and Church, and also "That faith might cause of Christ, and warn that people

Church can be told, is increasing with increase in the earth; with one accord to repent and be bapeach passing week. The correction of "That mine everlasting covenant tized for the remission of sins, and for

disparaging articles about the Church, might be established; the Holy Ghost, always commanding

and the replacement of erroneous sec- "That the fulness of my gospel might them in the name of the Lord, in the tions in encyclopedias, in books of be proclaimed by the weak and the spirit of meekness...."(DHC, Vol. 2,

knowledge, is a constant task, but many simple unto the ends of the world, and p. 263.)

important steps are being taken in this before kings and rulers."(D&C 1:2023.) In the other revelation the Lord diregard to establish a better image of the The inspiration of our prophet in the rects all of the members of the Church

Church and our people through these projection of the idea that every memto proclaim the gospel: "...1 give unto

sources of information in the various ber be a missionary forms a concept, you a commandment, that every man, countries of the world. which like a banner, must be kept both elder, priest, teacher, and also

We have witnessed a vast improvehigh. There should be no apathy within member, go to with his might, with

ment in the attitude of individuals. If the ranks of the Church to this great the labor of his hands, to prepare and

time would permit, I could tell of exchallenge. The enthusiasm and spirit accomplish the things which I have

periences with ministers of education, of missionary work must be kept alive commanded.

with editors of many of the large and active in the heart of every mem- "And let your preaching be the newspapers in Europe, and with others ber, for this is the spirit of the Church. warning voice, every man to his neighwho have actually defended the position As I see it, there are three kinds of bor,..."(D&C 38:4041. Italics

of the Church and are publishing favormissionaries in the Church. There is added.)

able articles about us, which assist the the fulltime missionary, who devotes his I testify to you, my brethren and missionaries with the golden question, every waking hour in leading souls into sisters, in the name of Jesus Christ, when they ask, "What do you know the kingdom of our Heavenly Father that this is the Lord's work, and I pray about the Mormon Church?"Instead of through the waters of baptism, and that we may go forth in it and fulfil

there being a negative answer, there is then there is the parttime missionary, the commitment of extending the gospel a willingness to listen, and this is conwho devotes all of his time except that in a continuing manner unto the chiltributing to the expansion of proselyting which is needed to make a living and dren of the world, and I do it in the effectiveness in the world. to care for his family. Then there is the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1962 413 BUILD WELL Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brothers and sisters, I appreciate very million dollar building. He had spread during the building period.

much this semiannual privilege of havout before him a set of drawings which The chief business of our lives is to ing a part with you in the general conhe called a blueprint. And I was imbuild a house that will bear the weight

ference of the Church. In thinking pressed with this idea that any builder of eternal life. And the wise King Soloabout the purpose that brings us can erect the most magnificent building mon gave us a helpful proverb in which

together, I recalled a recent fullpage that the greatest architect can conceive, he said, "Wisdom hath builded her newspaper advertisement which, with if he just knows how to follow the bluehouse, she hath hewn out her seven the exception of the name of the sponprint. And then I tried unsuccessfully pillars."(Prov. 9:1.) Some of the houses

soring lumber company down in the to think of any idea in the world more of our lives fall because they are built lower righthand corner,- the entire ad important. The best sculptor is the one upon the wrong foundation; but others

was a blank but for two small words who can most accurately reproduce in fall because they are insufficiently pilin the middle of the page, which said, marble the image that he sees before lared. Solomon said that wisdom's

"Build Well"him. The good cook follows the recipe. house had seven pillars. Seven is a

Then I thought of the interesting apThe pharmacist can utilize the many number frequently used to represent plication made of this important idea by years of training of the most famous completeness. Solomon didn't specithe Apostle Paul when he said to the doctors from the best medical schools, fically say what these seven pillars were,

Corinthians, "... ye are God's building if he just knows how to follow a but if you would like to have an inter-

.... [therefore] let every man take heed prescription. Someone has said that sciesting experience, select the seven pillars

how he buildeth...."(1 Cor. 3:9-10.) ence is just a collection of successful that you think would most effectively

The greatest responsibility that is ever formulas. But the most important applisupport your life's building. I would

entrusted to any human being is that of cation of this great idea comes in the like to name seven that the gospel sugbuilding his own personality. The first field of religion. gests to me.

soul that anyone should bring to God is The outstanding intelligence of heavThe first is industry. Nothing is ever

his own soul. President McKay recently en was sent into the world and gave us denied to welldirected effort, and nothpointed out that the purpose of the gosthe greatest success formula ever given. ing is ever achieved without it. Faith

pel is to make men better. The primary This is also made up of two words without works is dead. But character,

objective in the mission of Jesus was to which also mean "Build Well."Jesus spirituality, and even repentance withprovide the world with better men and said, "Follow me."And every life must out works is dead also. Leonardo da

women. God himself has said, "... this finally be judged by how well it carries Vinci once said, "Thou, oh God, doth

is my work and my glory—to bring to out that single instruction. sell us all good things at the price of

pass the immortality and eternal life of Almost all of our problems come belabor."The primary consideration of

man."(Moses 1:39.) It is God's work cause we can't follow. We can't follow our lives, even on judgment day, will

to build character, ability, and Godliness Jesus in his faith or in his devotion or be given to our works. Next to my beinto the lives of his children. Any inin his ability to avoid the entanglelief in God I believe in industry.

fluence that works against that purpose ments of sin. Judas lost his life both The second pillar of the house for

is evil, and whenever we build evil into here and hereafter because he couldn't wisdom to build is courage. Jesus went

our lives, we are tending toward failure. follow. Our great leadership is of small around saying to people, "Fear not."

In a survey recently made at Stanford consequence if we stumble in our "Be not afraid.""Why are ye troubled?"

University, it was discovered that ninetyfollowship. "Why do thoughts arise in your

four percent of all workers who were A part of the most important sermon hearts?"So frequently our house falls

fired from their jobs lost out for some of Jesus was intended to help us develop because we lack the courage of our conreason not even remotely connected good followship in building our lives. victions. We are too much afraid of

with job competence. They lost their He said, "... whosoever heareth these circumstances; we are afraid of people

jobs because they were lacking in basic sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will and what they will think.

fundamental character. The specific liken him unto a wise man, which built The third pillar is faith. Jesus said,

reasons given for the termination of his house upon a rock: "... all things are possible to him that

their employment included such things "And the rain descended, and the believeth."(Mark 9:23.) We don't alas dishonesty, disloyalty, disobedience, floods came, and the winds blew, and ways understand that faith is the movhate, immorality, selfishness, sloth, and beat upon that house; and it fell not: ing cause of all action. It is not only

wrong thinking. These are also the for it was founded upon a rock. the chief pillar of success, it is also its

traits that cause our crime waves, our "And every one that heareth these very foundation.

delinquency scourges, and our cold and sayings of mine, and doeth them not, The fourth pillar of wisdom's house is shooting wars. Building these traits shall be likened unto a foolish man, obedience to God. The Psalmist reinto our lives also accounts for so many which built his house upon the sand: minds us that, "Except the Lord build

people finding themselves at the end of "And the rain descended, and the a house, they labour in vain who build that broad road leading to eternal floods came, and the winds blew, and it:..."(Psalm 127:1.)

destruction. beat upon that house; and it fell: and Recently a member of the Church told

I talk with a great many people every great was the fall of it."(Matt. 7:2427.) me that he was going to quit smoking.

year who are unable to solve their probIf we need a blueprint for success I asked him why. He said he was afraid

lems. And I am certain that ninetyfour drawn in a little smaller scale, we might of getting lung cancer. I thought, how

percent of all of our troubles come bereread that great literary classic entitled, much superior his motive would have cause someone disobeys God's command- "The Three Little Pigs."You may rebeen if he had decided to give up his

ments. Nations as well as individuals member that the first little pig built his evil because God had said, "Tobacco

could live successfully and happily if house of straw; the second one built is not good for man."(See D&C 89:8.)

they could just learn to follow the tested his house of sticks; and the third little Many years ago a neighbor of mine

principles of righteousness. pig built his house of bricks. When the used to say over and over again that he

Recently I was in the office of a builddifficulties began, the only little pig that did not want his children to follow the ing contractor who was erecting a multiwas safe was the one who had been wise Church blindly. He wanted them to

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA do their own thinking, to stand on their heart. Thinking to make an extra right thinking. Whether good or bad,

own feet, and break their own trails. profit, he built a cheap foundation. He everything we think goes into the

And that is exactly what they have used third grade lumber where he building. In Grenville Kleiser's book,

done. Now twentyfive years later every thought it would not be noticed. He Training for Power and Leadership, he

one of therh is bogged down in the adulterated the paint and slurred over says, "Nothing touches the soul but quicksands of his own mistakes. The the plastering. He used imitation mateleaves its impress. And thus little by

most successful journey is made possible rials for the roofing. little we are fashioned into the image

when we first make sure where we want When the young man handed over of all we have seen and heard, known to go and then get a good set of road the keys of the finished building to his or meditated upon. If we learn to live

maps and stay right on the highway wealthy benefactor, he was told that this with all that is fairest and purest and until the destination is reached. I have house was his wedding present. It was best, the love of it will in the end

a relative who, when she reads a novel, not very long after the young couple become our very life."

always reads the last chapter first. She moved in that the inferior foundation What a strength this pillar can bewants to know where she is going to began to crack; the rains seeped through come, if we always keep wisdom and

come out before she gets started. That the roof and discolored the walls. Then reason in control of our thinking.

is a pretty good idea for building our throughout the rest of their lives the The seventh pillar supporting wislives. builder's family and himself were condom's house is love. This is the pillar

Nothing could please me more than on which the two greatest commandto have my children follow the Church ments rest. Someone was once asked

forin every detail; that I know God has IF... whatcame nextcommandmentin importancein tohislove.opinionAnd thatprepared they the road maps, and

lead to the most satisfactory of all BY ELEANOR ALLETTA CHAFFEE he replied that he didn't know there destinations. was one.

The fifth pillar to support our life's We are all free to hew out as many house might be genuineness. Emerson If all the sentimental words pillars as we desire for the support of

once said that one of our biggest sins Said over babies'cribs this great structure that Paul refers to was pretense. Mostly we are like pennies Were hung upon a clothesline as "God's building."And where could

trying to pass ourselves off for half Like rompers, caps, and bibs, we find a more challenging comparison?

dollars. Among the greatest joys of life It would seem that a rainbow For we are not only created in the

enbeen have but God, image of we joys being: ofare the the joys of being the sky fallen from Had his set attributes, of the a with dowed of joys the blue,genuine, true being its splendor with To dazzle is of the of one which development self joys of one'sthe within knowing

live. for purposes which wethat is not a phony. he An honest man Every passerby. instructed us to use only the God has disnoblest is the This of God. work

finest materials. cannot look upon He to permit frequentlycord which we so

the least degree with of allowance, is at You'd never have to buy a toy sindevelop deed between and creed the root of innumerable wrongs in our Or make a wish, or pray, because he knows its terrible destructivelives. in people's Therefore, God hope, even everywhere ness forsociety, and it gives institutions and men Or

has. provided that every man should to Magic, stay personalities.split come

Mohandas K. Gandhi once said that Would sweep the world with beauty, carry within himself the very things

seeks. If that of the he kind you need in believed peoplethere 999 were who joy, the with world flood Would

faith that will mountains, move you for every honesthonesty I supman. heart every at the And dawn of yourself, look for only need within God it that to next impossiblepose would be girl or newborn boy A has already in implanted your own findto even did benot one who man

for heart the seeds of faith, waiting only honesty.lieve in yet And we remember

to grow. need make them If you old Diogenespoor around Would be the center of all things, you went who

Athens with a lighted lantern in the Shod with wonder, graced with courage and love for the greatest acmiddle of the day trying to find just wings! complishment, you can develop that

one honest man. which you have already been endowed.

silver, laid gold, the other up and God Dr. story heard Goodell's have We precious in things the earth, but put he

It built. tellsof dishonesty the house tinually of his dishonesty. reminded potentialities his his into children own

of as very wealthy a had man who different a house have a What he would their has our and development made his ofpart if household a young built woman he that had going he known was greatest responsibility, for as Edwin entire family theto devoted. was it! to life rest his whom of in spend the said: has Markham

finally courted and marriedShe was by is of But us presently each building contractor. buildinga young the in are house to going which we

all are until blind "We we see this eternity. spend wealthy the are Then thinkengaged while And man we

in the plan; That humancontractor ing to build for a house of the immortality about him. the body, He

is Nothing the worth building little architect alsohad the most give famous should to thought the a draw we plans. Then laying the plans before the immortality of the memory and the That does not build the man.

the builder, he told him that he wanted immortality of the personality. If we

him to construct the finest house of are forced to spend eternity thinking "Why build these cities glorious which he was capable. He made clear about our own misspent lives, then we If man unbuilded goes.

that money was not an object. He may understand a little more clearly In vain we build the world

pointed out that the specifications called what Paul meant when he said, "... let Unless the builder also grows."

for only the finest materials. Everything every man take heed how he buildmust be of the highest quality. But the eth...."(1 Cor. 3:10.) May God help us to "build well"is

builder had a little dishonesty in his The sixth pillar of wisdom's house is my humble prayer in Jesus'name. Amen.

JUNE 1962 415 THE OATH AND COVENANT WHICH BELONGETH TO THE PRIESTHOOD

Marion G. Romney

of the Council of the Twelve My beloved brothers and sisters, I have shall be given unto him."(Ibid., 84:38.) question the advisability of accepting

in mind this morning saying a few It is of such—that is, those who receive the obligations of the covenant; that

things about "The Oath and Covenant the priesthood and magnify it—so I beis, he might question it until he reads

Which Belongeth to the Priesthood."lieve, of whom the following was the verse which follows the statement

The inspiration for these remarks came written: "They are they into whose of the penalty. There he learns that

to me recently while I was working hands the Father has given all things those who do not receive the oath and with a committee on a program for the "They are they who are priests and covenant are not much, if any, better commemoration of the one hundred kings, who have received of his fulness, off than are those who receive it and thirtythird anniversary of the restoand of his glory; break it. For in that verse the Lord

ration of the Melchizedek Priesthood. "And are priests of the Most High, says: "And, wo unto all those who

As I heard President McKay speak after the order of... the Only Begotten come not unto this priesthood which

about that day 132 years ago when six Son. Wherefore, as it is written, they ye have received,..."(Ibid., 84:42.)men gathered in the home of Peter are gods, even the sons of God—Such is the sober import of "the oath

Whitmer to organize the Church, I re- (Ibid., 76:5558.) and covenant which belongeth to the

called that ten months prior thereto the These transcendent blessings the priesthood."You can read it in full just

Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver Father promises the receiver of the Melas the Lord gave it in the 84th section

Cowdery had received from Peter, James, chizedek Priesthood by an oath and of the Doctrine and Covenants beand John the power by which they covenant which he says "... he cannot ginning with the 33rd verse.

would organize The Church of Jesus break, neither can it be moved."(Ibid., It is apparent from this revelation that

Christ of Latterday Saints. That power 84:40.) But these blessings, as has althe only way a man can make the maxiwas the Melchizedek Priesthood—the ready been indicated, do not come by mum progress towards eternal life, for

greatest power that has come to the ordination alone. Ordination to the which mortality is designed, is to obearth in any dispensation, the power priesthood is a prerequisite to receiving tain and magnify the Melchizedek

which will outlast and control the great them, but it does not guarantee them. Priesthood. With "... eternal life,...

powers now being discovered by men. For a man actually to obtain them, he the greatest of all the gifts of God"

By way of confession and avoidance must faithfully discharge the obligation (ibid., 14:7) depending upon it, it is of

to the charge that these remarks might which is placed upon him when he reutmost importance that we keep clearly be more appropriate in a priesthood ceives the priesthood; that is, he must in mind what the magnifying of our

meeting, I assure you mothers and magnify his calling. callings in the priesthood requires of us.

sweethearts that when you receive the Now let us consider for a moment just I am persuaded that it requires at least exaltation for which true Saints earnwhat magnifying one's calling in the the following three things:

estly strive, you will be with a Melchizepriesthood means. Speaking to the 1. That we obtain a knowledge of the

dek Priesthood bearer who has magnified assembled bearers of the priesthood at gospel.

his calling. Therefore, anything you can the time the "oath and covenant"was 2. That we comply in our personal

do to encourage your loved one to revealed, the Lord said, "... 7 have living with the standards of the gospel.

magnify his priesthood will repay you given the heavenly hosts and mine 3. That we give dedicated service.

a thousandfold. angels charge concerning you."(Ibid., As to the importance of a knowledge

Traditionally, God's people have been 84:42. Italics added.) This has always of the gospel, the Prophet Joseph Smith

known as a covenant people. The gosbeen an extremely impressive and sacred said that "It is impossible for a man

pel itself is the new and everlasting statement to me, to think that the Lord to be saved in ignorance."(Ibid., 131:6.)

covenant. The posterity of Abraham has given his angels and his heavenly That he had in mind ignorance of

through Isaac and Jacob is the covenant hosts charge concerning those who regospel truths is evident from the fact race. We come into the Church by ceive the priesthood. that on another occasion he said: "A

covenant, which we enter into when we Then, addressing the elders, he conman is saved no faster than he gets go into the waters of baptism. The new tinued: "And I now give unto you [you knowledge, for if he does not get knowland everlasting covenant of celestial bearers of the priesthood] a commandedge, he will be brought into captivity

marriage is the gate to exaltation in the ment to beware concerning yourselves, by some evil power in the other world, celestial kingdom. Men receive the to give diligent heed to the words of as evil spirits will have more knowledge,

Melchizedek Priesthood by an oath and eternal life. and consequently more power than

covenant. "For you shall live by every word many men who are on the earth. Hence

A covenant is an agreement between that proceedeth forth from the mouth it needs revelation to assist us, and give two or more parties. An oath is a sworn of God."(Ibid., 84:4344.) us knowledge of the things of God."

attestation to the inviolability of the It is compliance with this charge (DHC 4, 588.)

promises in the agreement. In the which entitles the bearer of the priestThere is no knowledge other than

covenant of the priesthood the parties hood to the blessings and rewards ofknowledge of the things of God that will are the Father and the receiver of the fered by the Father in "the oath and save us. "Ye must grow in grace and

priesthood. Each party to the covenant covenant which belongeth to the priestin the knowledge of the truth,"the

undertakes certain obligations. The rehood."Lord said to the brethren in the infant

ceiver undertakes to magnify his calling The status of one who receives the days of the Church. (D&C 50:40.)

in the priesthood. The Father, by oath priesthood and then breaks the covenant In the revelation given to President

and covenant, promises the receiver that is explained by the Lord in this Brigham Young at Winter Quarters in if he does so magnify his priesthood he language: "... whoso breaketh this January 1847, the Lord said: "Let him

will be sanctified by the Spirit unto the covenant after he hath received it, and that is ignorant learn wisdom by humrenewing of his body; (see D&C 84:33) altogether turneth therefrom, shall not bling himself and calling upon the Lord

that he will become a member of "... have forgiveness of sins in this world his God, that his eyes may be opened

the church and kingdom, and the elect nor in the world to come."(Ibid., that he may see, and his ears opened

of God,"(ibid., 84:34) and receive the 84:41.) that he may hear;

"... Father's kingdom; therefore,"said With such a penalty prescribed for "For my Spirit is sent forth into the

the Savior, "all that my Father hath breaking it, one might be prompted to world to enlighten the humble and

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA contrite, and to the condemnation of to grace, until he received a fulness."should be conversant with all the inthe ungodly."(Ibid., 136:3233.) (D&C 93:1213.) structions given to guide us in our

earlier process prescribed years Fourteen for personal those Jesus recorded the the Lord had same conduct—both

"... brethren: in the scriptures counseled in these received the I usthus being words: "... and those if you keep my

give unto you a commandment that ye commandments you shall receive of his currently by the living prophets. One

shall continue in prayer and fasting fulness, and be glorified in me as I am can scarcely hope to be fortified "against from this time forth. in the Father; therefore, I say unto you, the wiles of the devil"by putting "on

"And I give unto you a commandyou shall receive grace for grace."the whole armour of God"(see

ment that you shall teach one another (Ibid., 93:20.) Ephesians 6:11) unless he knows what

the doctrine of the kingdom. And in another scripture: "And no that armor is.

"Teach ye diligently and my grace man receiveth a fulness unless he keepBut the commandments do not pershall attend you, that you may be ineth his commandments. tain alone to one's personal conduct.

structed more perfectly in theory, in "He that keepeth his commandments They put on every bearer of the priestprinciple, in doctrine, in the law of the receiveth truth and light, until he is hood the stimulating responsibility to gospel, in all things that pertain unto glorified in truth and knoweth all render service—service in carrying the

the kingdom of God, that are expedient things."(Ibid., 93:2728.) restored gospel, with all the blessings

for you to understand;..."(Ibid., I cannot understand how one can read of the priesthood, to the peoples of the

88:7678.) these words without having his heart earth; and service in comforting,

One of the best ways to learn the filled with joy. strengthening, and perfecting the lives

gospel is to search the scriptures. Our Jesus further points out that the of one another and all the Saints of

purpose in urging all bearers of the commandments we are required to keep God.

Melchizedek Priesthood to read the are given in the scriptures, and adds: "If The nature of this service is spelled

Book of Mormon during 1961 was that thou lovest me thou shalt serve me and out in detail in the revelations and by they might learn more about the gospel. keep all my commandments."(Ibid., the living prophets. The burden of it

One cannot honestly study the Book 42:29.) And "... unto him that keepeth the Lord has laid upon his priesthood.

of Mormon without learning gospel my commandments I will give the It can be done properly only by men truths, because it contains "... the fulmysteries of my kingdom, and the same who are magnifying their priesthood;

ness of the gospel of Jesus Christ to shall be in him a well of living water, who know the gospel, conform their the Gentiles and to the Jews also;..."springing up unto everlasting life."lives to its standards, and who en-

(Ibid., 20:9.) So impressed was the (Ibid., 63:23.) thusiastically give dedicated service in

Prophet Joseph with it that he "told Many of the commandments concernthe spirit of the divine proclamation the brethren that the Book of Mormon ing our personal conduct are to be found that "... men should be anxiously enwas the most correct book of any book in the fortysecond section of the Docgaged in a good cause, and do many

on earth, and the keystone of our trine and Covenants, which the Prophet things of their own free will, and bring religion, and a man would get nearer Joseph specifies "as embracing the Law to pass much righteousness;

to God by abiding by its precepts, than of the Church."Every priesthood bearer "For the power is in them,..."

by any other books."(DHC 4, 461.) should be familiar with this revelation (D&C 58:2728.)

I am very happy to advise you that and with the instructions given in secSuch men are magnifying their call-

I have reports from 332 stake presidents tion fiftynine and in section eightyings, and they shall obtain the rewards to the effect that in their stakes there eight, particularly verses 117 to 126. Inpromised by the Lord in the "oath and

was a combined total of 59,740 bearers deed, a priesthood bearer with serious covenant which belongeth to the priestof the Melchizedek Priesthood who read intentions of so magnifying his calling hood."That each of us may be found

the Book of Mormon through during as to merit the blessing of the "covenant in this choice group, I humbly pray 1961. I am sure that each of these men which belongeth to the priesthood"in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

can truthfully testify that his knowledge of the gospel was increased by his reading.

But learning the gospel from books is not enough. It must be lived by one NEGLECTED FIELD

who would magnify his calling in the priesthood. As a matter of fact, getting BY ANNA M. PRIESTLEY

a knowledge of the gospel and living it are interdependent. They go hand in

hand. One cannot fully learn the In this untended field the weeds grow high

gospel without living it. A knowledge With only scattered heads of ripened wheat.

of the gospel comes by degrees. One Selfsown, it still persists and will not die

learns a little, obeys what he learns; Though drouth should bake the earth or wild rains beat.

learns a little more, obeys that; and And yet the weeds will conquer in the end;

repeats this cycle in an endless round. Their evil hordes will choke out all the grain.

Such is the pattern by which one can Unless man brings his forces to defend, move on to a full knowledge of the The struggle for existence will be vain.

gospel.

John, the Beloved, says that this was So good must ever struggle with the ill;

the way Jesus attained a fulness. He There is no golden moment to relax.

wrote: "And I, John, saw that he reEvil is ever ready for the kill;

ceived not of the fulness at first, but Its seeds will sprout if men but turn their backs.

received grace for grace; Freedom must perish if we harbor hate

"And he... continued from grace Or if we slumber till it is too late.

JUNE 1962 417.

Friday Afternoon Session, April 6, 1962 DOING GOOD Henry D. Taylor

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

First, I express my sincere gratitude for the sorrowing. He inspired the transand an ancient prophet once gave emthe goodness of our Heavenly Father to gressor to forsake unrighteous ways. He phasis to this thought in these words:

me and my family. I appreciate my touched the hearts of people, helping "Wherefore, all things which are good

membership in this wonderful Church, them to see and understand the value cometh of God; and that which is evil

and bear you my witness that it is the of the inner life. He motivated them cometh of the devil.... For behold,

Church of Jesus Christ, restored in these to noble actions. Because of his teachthe Spirit of Christ is given to every

latter days. ings they were able to comprehend in man, that he may know good from

Jesus Christ, the Savior of the world, greater measure the value of their souls evil;..."(Moroni 7:12, 16.)

is the only perfect person who has lived in the sight of God the Father. He Living the gospel principles will make

here upon the earth. Everything he pointed out the goodness of our Heavmen progressively better and instil withdid had purpose and was necessary and enly Father to them. He planted in in them a desire to follow the Savior's

important. His marvelous teachings were men's souls the seeds of divine love. wonderful example of going about "doand always will be the beautiful prinThen he suffered his life to be taken, ing good"to others. President McKay

ciples of salvation, and throughout his that we, his brothers and sisters, might has beautifully pointed out this great life he gave emphasis to them by the gain salvation and eternal life. What truth: "The gospel... will change

example he set for the whole world. a wonderful life of service; of doing men's lives and make women and chilPeter, who was very close to the good! dren better than they have ever been

Savior during his ministry, once said In his Sermon on the Mount, the before... that is the mission of the

of him: "... God anointed Jesus of Savior admonished all to "Let your light gospel of Jesus Christ... to make evilNazareth with the Holy Ghost and with so shine before men, that they may see minded men good, and to make good

power: who went about doing good, and your good works, and glorify your Father men better. In other words, to change

healing all that were oppressed of the which is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16. Italics men's lives, to change human nature."

devil; for God was with him."(Acts added.) This would be a wonderful world in

10:38.) As members of the Church of Jesus which to live if all of us would forget

As Jesus went about doing good, he Christ, "We believe in being honest, ourselves, if we would eliminate selfishhealed the sick, caused the lame to walk, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and ness from our lives and think in terms the blind to see, and the deaf to hear. in doing good to all men."(Thirteenth of the good we could do in serving

He cleansed the lepers and cast out evil Article of Faith.) These are principles others. Unselfishness contributes to

spirits. He raised the dead and gave by which we should live. Someone has happiness. How true is the statement

comfort, hope, and encouragement to said: "He who does good is of God,"that "a person who is all wrapped up

"SEARCH... PRAY BELIEVE"

Harold B. Lee

of the Council of the Twelve "Search diligently, pray always, and be which threatened at times to destroy give the Lord instructions. You just

believing, and all things shall work the very structure of the Church. report for duty."

together for your good, if ye walk upIt was important, then, that the Lord It is a wonderful thing for us in our rightly and remember the covenant should send this important warning and younger years to remember what old wherewith ye have covenanted one with instruction that they should search age brings. Chauncey Depew, who as

another."(D&C 90:24.) diligently, pray always, and be believ- a United States Congressman on his

This quotation was from one of the ing, so that all things would work to ninetieth birthday was asked about his revelations given when the Church was their good. Diligence means to be philosophy of life. He replied that

less than three years old, given in March industrious, the opposite of being lazy when he was a young man his greatest 1833, which means that at that time or careless or indifferent. In other words, ambition had been to display his intelthere were no members who had been they must search to know the doctrines ligence, but the older he grew the

members of the Church more than three of the Church, and they must search greater was his anxiety to conceal his years. Their enemies from without were to know the instructions that had been ignorance. It was indeed the beginning

bringing persecution upon all who progiven concerning Church procedures. of learning when as Moses said, after

fessed to be members of the Church of They were to pray always. Our misthe great and soulstirring revelation of

Jesus Christ. Under withering and sionaries after over a hundred years of the personality of God, "Now for this

merciless persecution, they were seeing experience have learned that no one is cause I know that man is nothing, which in our day an interpretation of the truly converted until he prays on his thing I had never supposed."(Moses

Master's interpretation of the parable knees to know that Joseph Smith is a 1:10.) That was in the beginning of

of the sowers. Some of the new memprophet of God and that the Church his wisdom.

bers "brought forth only thirtyfold; some is indeed the Church of Jesus Christ on To be believing means, first to obtain

brought forth sixtyfold; and a small perearth. And the four essentials that the a testimony and then strive to retain

centage only, an hundredfold."missionaries teach to one who has never it. The testing must precede the testiWith little or no experience in Church prayed before are: he first must thank; mony, for they will "receive no witadministration among the Church leadhe next must ask; he must do it in the ness until after the trial of their

ers at that time, there was occasionally name of Jesus Christ, and then Amen. faith."As the Master had said, "...

confusion and disunity, and the immaAnd with that simple instruction the that which is born of the Spirit is turity of the Church members was beginning inquirer after truth is taught spirit.

evidenced in quarrelings and bickerings to pray. In praying, he is enjoined "The wind bloweth where it listeth,

and factional disputes, and there was a as the father said to his son, after lisand thou hearest the sound thereof, but spirit of apostasy in various places, tening to his son's prayers, "Son, don't thou canst not tell whence it cometh,

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in himself, makes a pretty small and will cease to be great."done good, unto the resurrection of life;

unattractive package."The same thing is true of individuals. and they that have done evil, unto the

We find in life what we look for, As long as we are good, we are truly resurrection of damnation."(John 5:25,

and what we find becomes part of us. great. True value in life is not measured 2829.)

How commendable it would be if we in what we have, but in what we do; not Every day as we go about our tasks, in

would look only for the good in each in what people think and do for us, but our homes, among our friends, our assoother. A gifted writer has suggested: by what we think and do for people. ciates, our neighbors and families, we can

"There is so much good in the worst of The Savior gave the key by which do good even in small, yet nevertheless, us, and so much bad in the best of us, we may achieve greatness in the words: important ways. This we can do by:

that it hardly behooves any of us to "... he that is greatest among you A warm and understanding smile.

talk about the rest of us."shall be your servant."(Matthew 23:11.) A firm and friendly handclasp.

President Eisenhower upon one occaBeing a servant to our fellow men A cheery greeting.

sion referred to an individual who and performing acts of goodness to A word of encouragement, commendasought an answer to the following questhem will bring an inner glow, a deep tion, and sincere praise.

tion: "Wherein lies the greatness and feeling of serenity, contentment, and Through acts of thoughtfulness.

genius of America?"This is the consatisfaction. We then can be at peace By lending a listening and sympaclusion reached by that person: "I with ourselves and with the world. By thetic ear to all.

sought for the greatness and genius of doing good we will be rewarded, not By the sharing of ourselves with our

America in her commodious harbors and only in this life, but in the life to fellow men.

her ample rivers... and it was not come. We have been promised many By gently and kindly leading those

there... in her fertile fields and boundblessings. Listen to this declaration of whose lives touch ours to appreciate

less forests... and it was not there... our Lord: and follow the Lord and his way of life.

in her rich mines and her vast world of "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The My dear brothers and sisters, in these commerce... and it was not there. hour is coming, and now is, when the ways, and by others of our own designNot until I went into the churches of dead shall hear the voice of the Son of ing, we, too, like our Master, can "go

America and heard her pulpits flame God: and they that hear shall live.... about doing good,"and God will also

with righteousness did I understand the "Marvel not at this: for the hour is be with us.

secret of her genius and power. America coming, in the which all that are in the That we may do so, I humbly pray in

is great because she is good, and if graves shall hear his voice, the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus

America ever ceases to be good, America "And shall come forth; they that have Christ. Amen.

and whither it goeth: so is every one that as it pertained to the priesthood. The witnessed unto the church that they

is born of the Spirit."(John 3:6, 8.) nature of the covenant that we enter truly repented of all their sins."

The power of the Spirit was more into when we became members of the (Moroni 6:1-2.)

definitely defined in an early revelaChurch was fully explained when the King Benjamin explained it this way:

tion to these new Saints when the Lord Lord said: "And again, by way of com- "And now, because of the covenant

said: "... I say unto you, that assuredly mandment to the Church concerning the which ye have made ye shall be called

as the Lord liveth, who is your God manner of baptism—All those who the children of Christ, his sons, and his

and your Redeemer, even so surely shall humble themselves before God, and dedaughters; for behold, this day he hath

you receive.... sire to be baptized, and come forth with spiritually begotten you; for ye say that

"Yea, behold, I will tell you in broken hearts and contrite spirits, and your hearts are changed through faith your mind and in your heart, by the witness before the church that they on his name; therefore, ye are born of

Holy Ghost, which shall come upon have truly repented of all their sins, and him and have become his sons and his you and which shall dwell in your are willing to take upon them the name daughters."(Mosiah 5:7.)

heart."(D&C 8:1-2.) of Jesus Christ, having a determination Others of the prophets asked this

Now then, he said further, that if they to serve him to the end, and truly manisoul-searching question of those who would walk uprightly and remember fest by their works that they have rewere candidates for baptism, "Are vou their covenant, then they would have ceived of the Spirit of Christ unto the willing to stand as witnesses of God at all things which would work to their remission of their sins, shall be received all times and in all things, and in all good. To walk uprightly means to be by baptism into his church."(Ibid., places that you might be in, even until

morally correct, to be honest, to be just, 20:37.) death?"(See Ibid., 18:9.) To the first

to be honorable. As the Lord told Enos, The people in the Book of Mormon one of those who was baptized, the

the grandson of Lehi, "I will visit thy days were instructed with a similar exprophet who officiated said as he was dibrethren according to their diligence in planation. "And now I speak,"Moroni rected under inspiration, "... Helam, I

keeping my commandments,"(Enos said, "concerning baptism. Behold, elders, baptize thee, having authority from the

1:10) which was repeated in substance priests, and teachers were baptized; and Almighty God, as a testimony that ye

when the Lord revealed this great truth: they were not baptized save they brought have entered into a covenant to serve

"I, the Lord, am bound when ye do forth fruit meet that they were worthy him until you are dead as to the mortal what I say; but when ye do not what I of it. body; and may the Spirit of the Lord be

say ye have no promise."(D&C 82:10.) "Neither did they receive any unto poured out upon you; and may he grant

We heard an excellent discourse this baptism save they came forth with a unto you eternal life, through the remorning on the meaning of a covenant broken heart and a contrite spirit, and demption of Christ, whom he has preJUNE 1962 419 pared from the foundation of the question. Just how do we obtain the blessings was indeed inspired."

world."(Ibid., 18:13.) spiritual power necessary for us to lead The Lord's formula for new and unNever was there a time when Church this people and to instruct them?"And tried leaders was this:

members generally, and newly baptized I have been trying to answer that ques- "Again I say unto you, that it shall converts, particularly, throughout the tion ever since he asked it. Perhaps a not be given to any one to go forth to

stakes and missions needed more to be few illustrations will serve to suggest preach my gospel, or to build up my reminded of the Lord's admonition that the answer: church, except he be ordained by some

they should "Search diligently, and pray I received a letter recently from a one who has authority, and it is known always, and be believing that all things patriarch who had been instructed that to the church that he has authority and should work to their good if they would what he should speak in blessings upon has been regularly ordained by the walk uprightly and remember the covethe people should be that which the heads of the church.

nant wherewith they had covenanted Lord inspired and not of himself. In "And again, the elders, priests and

one with another,"as the scriptures I the struggle which followed his ordinateachers of this church shall teach the have referred to have so well explained. tion he sought to know how he could principles of my gospel, which are in

(See D&C 90:24.) distinguish between what the Lord inthe Bible and the Book of Mormon, in

Thousands of new members have spired and that which was just his own the which is the fulness of the gospel.

built upon the foundation of their faith thinking. He remembered, he said, "And they shall observe the covenants

at the time of their baptism, but there what the Lord admonished in an early and church articles to do them, and are wolves in sheep's clothing among revelation to Joseph Smith and Oliver these shall be their teachings, as they them. Older members by bad example Cowdery: "... you cannot write"shall be directed by the Spirit.

could "wound their weak conscience (which to him meant you cannot say) "And the Spirit shall be given unto and make their weaker brethren to "that which is sacred save it be given you by the prayer of faith; and if ye

offend."(See I Cor. 8:1113.) Dissenyou from me."(D&C 9:9.) receive not the Spirit ye shall not teach."

sion and confusion could result from "So my personal problem finally was (D&C 42:1114.)

lack of experience, and the tide of perseresolved,"he wrote me, "by making this Summarized this meant that there cution from the outside could roll in conclusion: You have been called and were four essentials for service in the

upon them and engulf them in a flood ordained to this work by an authorized kingdom of God. (1) They must be orof apostasy unless they heed the Lord's servant of the Lord. You have the audained, (2) they must teach from the

warnings. thority to proceed. You must live as standard Church works, (3) they must

I was down in Australia nearly a year closely to the Lord as you know how. live as they preached, (4) they must

ago, and after I had spent a long You must constantly seek and pray for teach by the Spirit. "... when a man

evening instructing the stake leaders in guidance and inspiration, then perform speaketh by the power of the Holy their duties, one of the brethren raised your duties in humility and rest conGhost the power of the Holy Ghost carhis hand and said, "Now, Brother Lee, tent in the knowledge that you have rieth it unto the hearts of the children you have spent the evening telling us done all you could, and in the firm of men."(2 Nephi 33:1.)

what to do. Now answer us one more belief that what you have said in giving Well, so the Lord has told us in plain

KEEP THE SABBATH DAY

EIRay L. Christiansen

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My brothers and sisters, as I sought to "Six days shalt thou labour, and do proofs of instruction are the way of determine what I might appropriately all thy work: life:"(Proverbs 6:23.)

speak about at this time, my mind "But the seventh day is the sabbath Accompanying each commandment is seemed to be driven and impelled to of the Lord thy God.... the promise of a blessing, either specispeak on a commandment which God "... wherefore the Lord blessed the fied or implied. What is the promise

gave to the children of Israel a long, sabbath day, and hallowed it."(Ibid., made to those who observe the Sabbath

long time ago. I humbly pray that I 20:8-11.) day? The Lord declares that inasmuch

may say something on this topic that In modern revelation he has comas they do this with cheerful hearts will be encouraging to all of us. manded the Saints to observe his holy and countenances, the fulness of the

When the Lord created the earth as day by attending their meetings, offerearth is theirs—all things that are made

an abode for his children, he placed ing their oblations before the Lord, and for the benefit and use of man to please upon it all the necessary essentials for as they partake of the Sacrament to the eye and to gladden the heart and their physical needs—the light and the make covenant with him that they will to strengthen the body and give peace

warmth of the sun, the seasons, the take upon them his name and keep his to the soul.

fertile soil from which to obtain food commandments. The reason for these There was a time in my day when

and raiment and shelter, and at the requirements made by the Lord is plainly it seemed to me that almost all people, same time and with equal concern, he stated in the revelation in these words: at least those with whom I was acmade provision for the spiritual needs "... that thou mayest more fully keep quainted, considered the Sabbath day

of his children and for the development thyself unspotted from the world,..."as a holy day, a day entirely different

of man. Among the provisions made (D&C 59:9.) from the other days. But too often now

for man's spiritual goal was the gift of The laws and the commandments it seems that we consider it just a part the Sabbath day, for he said to Moses, of God are given to us, not to deny of the weekend, and thus many people "... for... the Lord hath given you us the right to do what we are wont to do not look upon it as a holy day.

the sabbath."(Exodus 16:29.) Three do, but rather to provide us with a sure We must not permit ourselves to think

thousand years ago this commandment way to obtain peace and happiness and of the Sabbath day as a day on which to was given to the children of Israel: success, "For,"according to the book of transact business of any kind. We must

"Remember the sabbath day, to keep Proverbs, "... the commandment is a not think of the Sabbath day as a day

it holy. lamp; and the law is light; and reon which to catch up with our work.

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA language how his servants could be mandments of men, having a form of when a young reporter looked him in inspired. It was as Alma observed in godliness, but they deny the power the face and asked of President McKay,

the sons of Mosiah who were great and thereof."(See Joseph Smith 2:19.) "Are you a prophet of God?"And the

successful missionaries. "They were Here was the answer he had been young man said President McKay looked

strong in a knowledge of the truth."They seeking, and the Spirit bore witness that at the reporter and replied: "Young

were sound in understanding. They fasted this was in truth the true Church of man, you look me in the eye and answer

and prayed often, and they cultivated Jesus Christ, with which the Father and your own question."This young man

"the spirit of prophecy and the spirit of the Son were living today. in telling me the story said, "I looked

revelation,"so that "when they taught Brigham Young, in speaking about the President McKay in the eye, and I rethey taught with power and authority same thing, said, "If all the talent, tact, ceived my answer and my witness that of God."(Alma 17:1-3.) wisdom, and refinement of the world he is in truth a prophet of the Living

I met a man in his late seventies had been sent to me with the Book of God,"to which I also bear humble down in Brisbane, Australia, who said Mormon and had declared in the most testimony in the name of the Lord that all his lifetime he had been searchexalted eloquence the truth of it, underJesus Christ.

ing for a church that could answer taking to prove it by learning and world- "Except the Lord build the house, satisfactorily his question, "Are God and ly wisdom, they would have been to they labour in vain that build it."

his Son, the Savior of the world, living me like the smoke which rises only to (Psalm 127:1.)

with your church today?"And always vanish away. But when I saw a man Today the servants, many unschooled

the answer to his question was negative. without eloquence or talent for public and inexperienced like the disciples of"The scriptures are closed,"they said. speaking who could say, 'I know by the old, must "go forth"—"the Lord working

"There is no prophet through whom the power of the Holy Ghost that the Book with them, and confirming the word

Lord speaks today. God does not reveal of Mormon is true, that Joseph Smith is with the signs following."(See Mark

himself to man."a prophet of the Lord,'and the Holy 16:20.)

He was convalescing from a painful Ghost preceding from that individual, Except we do walk uprightly and accident when two young men—missionilluminated my understanding, and light, remember our covenants and have an

aries of the Church of Jesus Christ of glory, and immortality were before me. I unshakable testimony of the divinity of

Latterday Saints—called. In their openwas encircled by them, filled with them, this Church; in the language of an

ing testimony, they bore witness that and I knew for myself that their testieminent businessman and financier, the the Lord had appeared with his Heavmony was true."(J of D, Vol. 1, p. 90.) various activities of the Church would

enly Father to Joseph Smith, and in We must teach with that in mind. If be but a shambles.

answer to his question as to which the Holy Ghost does not bear witness May the Lord help us to search dilichurch they should join, he was told to to the things we say, we cannot and we gently and walk uprightly and rememjoin none of them, for they were all will not be successful in our missionary ber the covenant wherewith we have wrong, "... they draw near to me with work. covenanted one with another, I pray

their lips, but their hearts are far from I heard a missionary telling about humbly, in the name of Jesus Christ.

me, they teach for doctrines the comPresident McKay's visit to Glasgow Amen.

We must not permit ourselves to use the take their children away from their apsaid, "Well, perhaps you should name

Sabbath for amusements or for outings pointed places of worship on the Sabbath it The SabbathBreaker."He looked at

or for participating in or attending sportday where they may learn the gospel me, and he understood.

ing events as such. and where they may become fortified A father was speaking to a gathering

The devil is not - satisfied with just a to face life through increased faith, in connection with one of the stake little wrongdoing. He follows through trust, and confidence in the Lord, and conferences in Wyoming, which I atand persists in gaining his ends by havrequire their children to go with them tended. This man had, for sometime,

ing us think that it is all right to sin on the Sabbath day to spend the day taken his family away from home on a little. But he knows very well that on the reservoir or at some other place the Sabbath. When they were return-

a little sin seldom stays little. In the of amusement. Such practices may ing from one trip on a Sunday evening,

words of Nephi: "... thus the devil seriously impair and affect the lives of one of his little girls in a thoughtful

cheateth their souls, and leadeth them these children and perhaps the lives of mood, said to him, "Daddy, when can carefully down to hell."(2 Nephi their children. In fairness to our chilwe stay home on Sunday with our

28:21.) dren and to ourselves, we must go to friends and go to Sunday School and

On a number of occasions when I the "house of prayer"on his holy day Sacrament meeting?"The father, sudhave been returning from conferences, as the commandment requires. denly realizing what he was doing to

I have met on the highway a great An acquaintance of mine had purhis children, replied with determination, number of automobiles. In many of chased a lovely boat and had just fin- "Honey, we will stay home next Sunthese were families apparently returning ished varnishing it and painting it. day and every other Sunday, and we

to their homes on the early Sunday When I stopped by, he was admiring will go to church, all five of us."

evening. Attached to a good number it. I surmised that he was getting it I regret that I do not know who comof these cars were beautiful boats. Now, ready to take it, with his family, to the posed these lines:

ordinarily, we do not take boats to reservoir the next Sunday. He said,

church, so one must conclude that these "It is complete and in readiness except "A Sabbath well spent brings a week fine people had not been to church, for one thing."Then he asked me, of content

nor were they on their way to church. "Could you suggest an appropriate name And help for the cares of tomorrow.

I wonder if it is wise—well, I can say for the boat?"I knew him very well. But a Sabbath profaned, whatever thepositively—it is not wise for parents to I thought for a moment, and then I gain,

JUNE 1962 421 Is a sure forerunner of sorrow."'Welcome, welcome, Sabbath morning, ence to the commandments if our supNow we rest from every care. plications are to be efficacious. "Ye shall

What regret there will be for those of Welcome, welcome, is thy dawning, keep my sabbaths, and reverence my us who knowingly ignore this benefiHoly Sabbath, day of prayer."sanctuary: I am the Lord.

cent law of the sacred Sabbath. Some "If ye walk in my statutes, and keep

of us may live to realize the fact that My brothers and sisters, it is well that my commandments, and do them;

the Sabbath profaned, whatever be we pray to the Lord that among na- "... I will give peace in the land,

gained, is a sure forerunner of sorrow. tions peace may be maintained, but I and ye shall lie down, and none shall

know and you know that we must, as make you afraid:..."(Leviticus 26:2-

With joy we ought to sing the song, individuals, add to our prayers obedi- 3, 6.)

BE A DISCIPLE

Alma Sonne Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Thank you, brethren and sisters, for newspapers, in the books, in the magato the public officials, to the magissinging that good hymn so well. ["Praise zines, on the television, and in the trates, and to the rabble in crowded

to the Man."] It is always full of picture halls. places where mobs are wont to congreinspiration, especially when it is sung To counteract these unholy influences gate. The gospel was for everyone

by so many as are present here this the Church is sending into the world rich and poor, high and low, slave and afternoon. thousands of missionaries to proclaim aristocrat—for God is no respecter of

I would like to say a word about our the restored gospel of Jesus Christ. It persons.

gospel the submitted is the only It was not and weapon, and by men my brethren present—themissionaries—past

Mark, Luke, the sisters, that kept alive have will eventually crush and and Matthew, John whichand the women who memory of the Lord Jesus and the gospel destroy the evil designs and bring to first drew attention to the Christ, for of Jesus Christ in the hearts of men. naught the devious plans of unscrupugospel teaching had already taken hold

The missionary spirit is resting upon the lous, untrustworthy, and godless leaders upon the world before the four gospels

Church. I believe it has rested upon of men. Missionary service is the life, were generally known. Then as now it

the Church since its beginning. It is the vitality, and the obligation of the required the energy of individuals, perreflected in the messages which we have Church. Jesus commanded his servants, sonal contacts, patience, diligence, love,

heard today. You are aware that there whom he called and commissioned, to and the inspiration and enthusiasm of

is a struggle going on in the world for go into all the world and preach the devoted missionaries to plant the gospel the hearts and minds of the people. gospel to every creature and to every message in the hearts and lives of

The enemies of truth and freedom are nation, and tongue, and people. people.

exerting themselves as never before to In doing this he launched the greatThe missionary method of the Church destroy moral and spiritual values. est program of all time. It is not yet today is almost identical with that

The battle is being waged with refinished, nor will it be finished until carried on by Jesus Christ and his aposlentless and determined vigor. The adevery knee shall bow and every tongue tles nineteen hundred years ago. It has

versary is alert and active, and the confess that Jesus is the Christ. These been similarly successful. The work

powers of darkness are pressing forward servants, although few in number, rewas neither professionalized nor comat home and abroad. sponded with remarkable success. Under mercialized. You will recall these humThe Apostle Paul recognized that the guidance and inspiration of the Holy ble emissaries of the Lord were to go

power when he said, "For the mystery Ghost they went forth and appeared forth two by two. One was to be the

of iniquity doth already work."(2 Thess. openly in the streets, in the synagogues, support of the other. They were to be

2:7.) It is at work in our schools, in and even in the temple courts in Jeruwitnesses before God of their respective

the colleges, in the universities, in the salem. They spoke with great boldness testimonies. Together they could better

REPENTANCESPELLED WITH 7 RS William J. Critchlow, Jr.

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

People in all of the nations of the earth judgments of God upon the impenitent to it our sins of omission. Sometimes

need to repent. The need is urgent. people in our day—unless we repent. our sins of omission are greater than

This declaration of need constitutes an "... as it was in the days of Noe, so our sins of commission. Now, how did

indictment of guilt—transgressions are shall it be also in the days of the Son we rid ourselves of sin or how shall we

implied. of man."(Luke 17:26.) rid ourselves of the sins so listed? Is

For what need we repent I may be Our world has become a modern there a pattern or formula for repenting?

asked? My answer: Babylon. Cities like Sodom and GomorDefinitely there is, in my humble opinFor the same sins that brought low rah dot the earth. ion, and those who will pause to list

the impenitent inhabitants of Sodom "If we say that we have no sin, we their sins will, by so doing, be taking and Gomorrah; deceive ourselves, and the truth is not the first step in the repenting process. In

for the identical sins that brought in us."(1 John 1:8.) such a mental inventory we automaticalextinction to the impenitent Nephites In a very few moments, one could inly recognize certain of our acts as transon this continent; ventory in the mind his or her more gressions, otherwise we would not list

for the same sins that brought destrucserious transgressions—those already rethem. No problem can be solved, no

tion to the impenitent souls in Noah's pented of, and those still to be repented sin can be resolved until it is first recogday; of. It will take a little longer, and the nized. Recognition of sin therefore is

for the same sins that will bring the list will grow a little longer, if we add the first step in the repenting processes.

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Must we not learn that the blessings "And when we obtain any blessing don will be upon us. The problem is

of peace and all other blessings we seek from God, it is by obedience to that basically theological and involves a from God come through observing the law upon which it is predicated."(D&C spiritual renaissance and character. It

laws set forth in his commandments? 130:2021.) must be of the spirit if we are to save

This is made plain in the Doctrine and As he stood upon the deck of the the flesh."

Covenants in these words which are battleship Missouri in Yokohama Bay, That each of us help to bring about familiar: "There is a law, irrevocably when Japan surrendered, General Dougthis spiritual renaissance by making sure

decreed in heaven before the foundalas MacArthur made this significant that we and ours keep holy the Sabbath tions of this world, upon which all declaration: "If we do not devise some day, I pray humbly, in the name of

blessings are predicated greater and equitable system, ArmagedJesus Christ. Amen.

face hostile receptions and bitter opposime."(Ibid., 10:3738.) Heber C. Kimball, Parley and Orson

tion. Together they could preserve their Then he admonished them, "And as Pratt, Charles W. Penrose, and a thoufaith and their enthusiasm and withyou go, preach, saying, The kingdom of sand others; and men like those who

stand temptation and wrongdoing. It heaven is at hand. today are blazing the trail into Asia,

was God's plan of proselyting, and it "Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, Europe, the islands of the sea, and to was very effective. raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye every part of North and South America.

I know most of you here have read have received, freely give."(Ibid., 10:7- To meet the demand and to discharge

the Lord's instructions to his servants 8.) And you will see there was to be the responsibility resting heavily upon

whom he sent forth. "Provide neither no interference and nothing was to the Church, the missionary spirit must

gold, nor silver, nor brass in your supersede the solemn, almost drastic, possess its members, for everyone is expurses, injunction of the Savior to these wonpected to be a missionary. The world

"Nor scrip for your journey, neither derful men. No halfhearted effort was must learn that man cannot live by

two coats, neither shoes nor yet acceptable. The work to be done was bread alone, that beyond the power of

staves:... important and required every sacrifice, materialism there is a greater power

"Behold, I send you forth as sheep in if necessary, even life itself. It must which determines the destiny of men

the midst of wolves: have required great courage for these and nations. That power is generated

"... beware of men: for they will young humble, unsophisticated men to by the missionaries.

deliver you up to the councils, and they preach Jesus crucified and resurrected, We can say to all the world that will scourge you in their synagogues; and to preach the Fatherhood of God Christ's word is taught today as Christ

"And ye shall be brought before govand the brotherhood of man, and to and his apostles taught it two thousand ernors and kings for my sake,..."teach the children of God to be perfect, years ago. They teach the same gospel

(Matt. 10:9-10, 1618.) even as their Father in heaven is perfect. without thought of material reward,

If you are familiar with the story and Some men stand in terror of public with faith and good works, strengthened life of Jesus, you will know that prophopinion. Not so with the disciples of by firm and unshakable testimonies

ecy came true in the minutest detail. Jesus. They were unafraid. From such against which there is no argument.

He said further, "He that loveth father teaching over the centuries came our May God bless the missionaries everyand mother more than me is not worthy Declaration of Independence, setting where that they may be magnified beof me: and he that loveth son or daughforth the doctrine of equal rights. The fore all men in every nation and kindred

ter more than me is not worthy of me. world owes much to the missionaries and tongue and people is my humble

"And he that taketh not his cross, and men like Paul, the apostle; men like prayer, in the name of Jesus Christ.

followeth after me is not worthy of Wilford Woodruff, Brigham Young, Amen.

The Apostle Paul assented to the stands for recognition. nature as would, unrepented of, put

stoning of Stephen. He held the cloaks Paul's godly sorrow for his sin sugin jeopardy his right to membership or

of those who threw the stones. Not gests the second "R"remorse. Our fellowship in the Church of Jesus Christ,

until he was chastened by the Lord did Lord, teaching his followers to pray, said: full and effective confession would, in

he recognize the full extent of his sin. "... lead us not into temptation, but my judgment, require confession by the

Great was his remorse thereafter. deliver us from evil:..."(Matt. 6:13.) repentant sinner to his bishop or other

A convert to the Church was unaware He said that nearly two thousand proper presiding Church officer—not

that he was transgressing a law of God years ago. Brought up to date, the 1962 that the Church officer could forgive

as he imbibed tea, coffee, and tobacco version seems to be: "Lead us not into the sin (this power rests in the Lord

until he was taught God's law of temptation but deliver us from being himself and those only to whom he health—the Word of Wisdom. His concaught."specifically delegates it) but rather that

version forced upon him recognition of Sorrow for being caught in sin is not the Church, acting through its duly the law. Violations thereafter constiremorse. appointed officers, might with full

tuted transgressions. The third "R"stands for relating. All knowledge of the facts take such action

For the purpose of my theme I prosins should be confessed unto the Lord. with respect to church discipline as the

pose to spell repentance with seven big "Where,"said Elder Marion G. Romcircumstances merit."(Conf. Report,

capital "R's."The first "R"obviously ney, "one's transgressions are of such a Oct. 1955.)

JUNE 1962 423 The fourth "R"stands for restitution. "By this ye may know if a man rethis morning that the number "7"was

"For misconduct which offends anpenteth of his sins—behold, he will a symbol of completeness. These seven

other, confession should also be made to confess them and forsake them."(D&C "R's"accordingly symbolize a complete

the offended one, and his forgiveness 58:43.) process of repentance.

sought."(Idem.) Resolves which are repeatedly broken If spelling repentance with so many

for forgiveness. complicates remerit "R's"repenting Restitution you the no means to restore—to

".. process, cheer.pair to. go be of good your ways and sin no more; boys about Three good the damage. Many

receive scouting awards were apprebut unto that soul who sinneth shall the souls who couldn't spell it with seven hended breaking street lights. And were former sins return, saith the Lord your "R's"or any other way have sincerely

they sorry for being caught! Later, but God."(D&C 82:7.) repented and have been forgiven. One's

before they accepted their awards, they We do not trifle with the Lord. conscience seemingly has a way of conrecognized their acts as unbecoming A resolution is an expression of faith forming unwittingly. So let your conEagle Scouts and with a true feeling of and like faith needs to be supported science be your guide. "The sumbonum

remorse went to the power company to by works. The next step therefore inof the proposition"(Henry Drummond)

relate their transgression and offered to volves works. It is represented by a is repent—everybody repent.

make restitution by paying for the lights. big "R"which stands for reformation. A "If we confess our sins, he is faithful

Incidentally, the only restitution exacted resolution is an intention to do well. and just to forgive us our sins and to

was that they be guardians of those Reformation is actually doing well. cleanse us from all unrighteousness."

lights. From then on the lights burned "... let every man learn his duty,"(1 John 1:9.)

on and on and on. said the Lord, "... he that learns not his After forty years of wandering in the

Some things cannot be restored. Street duty and shows himself not approved wilderness, Moses brought the children

lights can be replaced, embezzled funds shall not be counted worthy to stand."of Israel to the borders of the promised

and stolen property may be returned, (See D&C 107:99100.) land. There they were halted so they

but how does one make restitution for Transgressors seek the forgiveness of could sanctify themselves before they the sin of blasphemy—taking the name Heavenly Father. Their fellow men entered.

of God in vain. Blasphemy, used so will forgive "seventy times seven"(see Today after six thousand years of

freely to emphasize our conversation, is Matt. 18:2122) because they have been mortal living, dying, striving, and wanthe most thoughtless of all conversaso commanded. dering upon the face of the earth, the

tional crimes. How does one make "I, the Lord, will forgive whom I will children of God stand on the threshold

restitution for lies—for bearing false forgive, but of you it is required to forof another promised land—a promised

witness? give all men."{Ibid., 64:10.) millennium of peace, and just as God

The wagging tongue like To earn his forgiveness one should go sifted out the impenitent in Moses'day, the extra mile, forsaking not only his so will he sift out the impenitent in our "The moving finger writes: and having sins but adding the while devotion day before the dawn of the millennial

writ, and service to prove his love for him. morn. We have so little time left to

Moves on: nor all thy piety nor wit Such devotion and service constitutes sanctify ourselves—it's later than we

Shall lure it back to cancel half a line, reformation. think. How else can we sanctify ourNor all thy tears wash out a word if it."Now if in the process of repenting we selves save by repentance? I plead with

it top priority. follow Our Lord gave—Omar Khayyam all—givepriority six the he counseled: when these"R's"—maysix steps,I listrepresentedthem: Recogby it

Paul's sincere apology to the Lord for nition, remorse, relating, restitution, "Hearken ye people of my Church...

assenting to the stoning of Stephen never resolution, and reformation we should Hearken ye people from afar; and ye

brought back Stephen's life. Nor will have placed ourselves in a position to that are upon the islands of the sea...

all the prayers of repentant sinners ever enjoy the seventh step represented by Prepare ye, prepare ye, for that which restore virtue to a maid or a boy. another great big "R"which stands for is to come, for the Lord is nigh... For

The fifth "R"stands for resolution. realization—realization of the happiness I the Lord cannot look upon sin with

It implies a firm resolve to forsake our that comes from righteous living. Hapthe least degree of allowance... Neverissins. piness resolutions, said are righteousness, of President kinds two There... theless, he that repents and doeth

". is called type... if there be the Yearone McKay. These no righteousNew the of the Lord commandments

there are ness cheaper Nephi (2come shall be no happiness."and by the dozen

too, that 2:13.) are be forgiven, and he that repents not,branded with insincerity guaranand we A realization

teed to last only till the next temptation. forgiven by him whose forgiveness really from him shall be taken even the light

Few ever last longer than the winter counts, and a peaceful feeling will burn which he has received."(See D&C 1:1,

snows. The other is the sincere type, within our bosoms, and our minds will 12, 3133.)

resolved and guaranteed to last forever. be at peace. Elder Sterling Sill told us In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Saturday Morning Session, April 7, 1962 OUR BUSINESSTO SERVE THE LORD LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve I am happy to greet you Latterday ous work and a wonder, just described religion, it is a way of life."And why

Saints this morning, assembled in this in different terms by Daniel as comshould it not be a way of life? It is

great conference of the Church, and pared with the one that Isaiah tells us not just a Sunday religion. It is a

all who are listening in over the radio of, and Isaiah said that the wisdom of religion that enters into our lives unand the television.. I thank the Lord their wise men would perish, and the til the first thing in the life of a

above all other things in my life for understanding of their prudent men Latterday Saint is to serve the Lord my membership in this Church and for would be hid, because they cannot unand honor his priesthood, where every my association with the Latterday derstand and comprehend, any more man can bear the priesthood of God

Saints. than they could understand and compreand help to build the kingdom of God

Yesterday in President McKay's most hend the work that Jesus established in the earth. I thank the Lord for such

inspiring address, he related some of when he was here upon the earth, and a Church as that.

the incidents in connection with the so they crucified him. You remember You remember the story about when

organization of the Church 132 years he said: "... Father, forgive them; for one of the brethren was asked what

ago, and he quoted from a revelation they know not what they do...."his business was, and he said, "My

given by the Lord to the Prophet Joseph (Luke 23:34.) business, sir, is to serve the Lord. I

Smith over a year before the Church was We have many other prophecies. mend shoes for a living."Now that is

organized in which the Lord said that Isaiah said that the Lord had declared the way the Latterday Saints feel. Our

a marvelous work was about to come the end from the beginning. (See ihid., business is to serve the Lord, and then

forth among the children of men. 46:10.) He said: "The grass withereth, we mend shoes for a living.

If the world could only understand the flower fadeth: but the word of our A short time ago, and many of you

what that marvelous work is and where God shall stand for ever."(Ibid., 40:8.) may be familiar with this, there was a

they could learn about it. You do not Where do we learn the word of our very prominent minister delivering an

read about it in the newspapers. PresiGod? We read in the scriptures the address on what was called the National

dent McKay related many of the marwords of Amos the Prophet that: "SureBrotherhood Week, and he talked about

velous things that have occurred in ly the Lord God will do nothing, but the Mormons. He was discussing the

the world, but we have to go to the he revealeth his secret unto his servants merits of the Church of Jesus Christ of scriptures and to the words of the the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) Latterday Saints, and after admitting

prophets to learn what that marvelous So that if the Lord should ever underthat he had always had a very erroneous work is. take to fulfil the promises made to the idea about the Mormons, he made this

Isaiah saw the same thing that would Prophet Joseph Smith and to Isaiah and statement: "What are the things that

come to pass in our day when he said: to Daniel, then we would have to look I like about the Mormons?"Then he

"... Forasmuch as this people draw to find that work headed by a prophet, enumerates some of them, one by one,

near me with their mouth, and with because God could not do, according to and indicates that it is a way of life;

their lips do honour me, but have rehis plan and purposes, the work he for instance, he says his first thought moved their heart far from me, and decreed he would do without a prophet. is a clear statement of faith, a statement

their fear toward me is taught by the Thank God for the prophets of this of faith that young people can grasp, precept of men: dispensation. understanding what it is. Then he men-

"Therefore, behold, I will proceed to You remember how Jesus said that the tions and discusses some of its teachings, do a marvellous work among this peopeople of his day crucified the living such as eternal progression. What a

ple, even a marvellous work and a wonprophets, but they decorated the graves marvelous truth this Church has reder: for the wisdom of their wise men of the dead prophets. And history is vealed to the world. Revelation taking

shall perish, and the understanding of just repeating itself today. So we turn place today. What a world it would

their prudent men shall be hid."to the living prophets to learn of this be if everybody believed in the revela-

(Isaiah 29:1314.) marvelous work and a wonder the Lord tions of God in our day!

When the Lord indicated that he promised to do and to learn of the And then he speaks of eternal marwould do a marvelous work and wonder, kingdom the Lord promised to set up riage. Is it not strange that as plainly

if it were marvelous and wonderful in in the latter days. as that principle is taught in the Holy

his eyes, what would it be in the eyes We know that this Church is the Scriptures, that we should be the only of the world if they just understood it? fulfilment of those very prophecies and Church that teaches it? All other

There are so many other prophecies many, many others, relating to this churches perform their marriages "until like the one of Daniel in his interpretamarvelous work that God said he would death do you part."I know there are

tion of King Nebuchadnezzar's dream establish in the latter days, and we some ministers who would like to perwhere the Lord indicated that in the would that all men everywhere might form their marriages for eternity, belatter days, and we live in the latter know as we know, and we bear witness cause I have talked with them. I candays, he would set up his kingdom in of it, and that is the reason for the not take time to tell you of these expethe earth, never to be thrown down or great missionary program of the Church riences this morning, but one of our

given to another people. Never in the where we have some 11,000 of our young Mormon boys was. being married in

history of the world has such a kingmen and women out in the world with southern California a few years ago. He

dom been set up with a promise that no thought of any earthly gain, only a was marrying out of the Church, and it would never be thrown down or given desire to share with the people of the her minister was to perform the cereto another people, but Daniel said that world the marvelous truths of the mony. In talking with this young

it would roll forth like a little stone gospel. couple in advance, he said, "Now, if

cut out of the mountain without hands We converted a very prominent there is anything special you would like until it would become as a great mounbanker not long ago, and when I atme to say when I perform the ceretain and fill the whole earth. (See tended one of the conferences at which mony, if you will indicate it, I will be

Daniel 2.) he was present, I asked him if he would glad to say it."This young Mormon

When we hear about how this work like to say a few words in the conferboy spoke up and said, "Reverend, is spreading in the world, we cannot ence. He stood up and said something when you pronounce us husband and

help realizing that this is that marvellike this: "Mormonism is not only a wife, if you would do it for time and

JUNE 1962 425 eternity, you would surely make me covenant? centered religion begins with family

happy."The minister raised his head, Then he adds: "The second thing I prayers in the morning, family prayers

and said, "Isn't that a beautiful like about them is that they have a way at night, and no food is eaten until it thought? Why don't we all get marof life. Their religion enters into their is blessed. The entire family goes to

ried like that?"We would all get life immediately."Then he discusses Church, led by the father and the

married like that if we lived properly, our attitude toward work, toward acceptmother."I interviewed a young man

and if we understood God's eternal ing help from the government and our for his mission a short time ago in southtruth when he said it was not good for standards of living necessary to prepare ern Utah, and he had just returned from man to be alone and gave him a help us to serve in the Church, and then he spending eighteen months in an army meet before death ever came into this says, "I do not know whether it is becamp in Germany. He said, "We Morworld. Through the atonement of cause of this way of life to which their mon boys went to the Chief Chaplain to

Christ, we are to be restored to man's religion is related so intimately or not, see if we could get permission to hold former condition. If it was not good but they are perhaps the healthiest peoour meetings in the government chapel,

for man to be alone before death came ple in the world. During the war, in and he said, Well, we would like to

into the world, it will not be good for Utah you found more people or men accommodate you, but it is in such man to be alone when there is no more acceptable for the services than any constant use, we cannot do it. There

death. other state in the United States."Then is a classroom in the basement; you can

To us who understand this principle, he states, "Utah is the first state in the use that,'"and then he asked for a we cannot understand why the world United States in education and perhaps report of attendance at their meetings cannot believe when it is taught so the best in the world."and when the first report was handed

plainly. I could tell you of other minIf we have what we claim, a marvelin, the chaplain said, "My, you must

isters who have admitted to me that ous work and a wonder, should it not have a lot of Mormon boys at this they believe eternal marriage is a prininspire us as a people to live up to its base."He was told that there were

ciple of the scriptures, but they are not standards? It is nothing more than thirtyfive. He shook his head and said,

allowed to teach it in their own what Jesus said that we should let our "I can't believe it. How do you do it?

churches. light so shine before men that they, You have more boys attending your

Then this minister said, when menseeing our good works, should glorify meetings than I have attending mine, tioning these things, "But is this faith our Father which is in heaven. (See and I have five thousand Protestant

bad?"Is it bad to believe in eternal Matt. 5:16.) boys under my supervision."Now,

progression? Is it bad to believe in Then this man says, "The third thing when thirtyfive Mormon boys far away

revelation? Is it bad to believe in I like about the Mormon faith, it is a from their homes and their loved ones

the eternal duration of the marriage familycentered religion. This familyand their bishops and their best girls

RESPONSIBILITY AND THE PRIESTHOOD

Antoine R. Ivins

of the First Council of the Seventy

My brethren and sisters, President and in service, and I congratulate him which was our assignment recently. I

McKay was not too far wrong when on being appointed now a bishop in that read as you have all read, that statehe said that Anthony W. Ivins [his new stake. ment about having faith like a musfather] was going to talk to you. My I pray that they will carry back to tard seed. One wonders why the

name translated means Anthony. It is the people of Mexico my good wishes mustard seed was chosen—some think

a French translation. and my faith in them and in their because it is small, that may have been

I am happy to be with you today, ability to realize the purpose for which the case—but it is an interesting thing

my brethren and sisters, and I am thankthis new stake was created. to study a mustard seed. It is endowed

ful for the many, many blessings which I have lived quite a bit more than by God with the power to grow an4 my wife and I enjoy, especially that she half of the life of the Church, and I increase in size, in stature, and then has the measure of health and strength go back in my memory to the difficulreproduce itself. In other words, that

that enables her to be in the meeting ties with which the brethren carried mustard seed carries the perfect power today and to be my constant companon the work of the Church when I was to realize the purpose for which it was ion in the work that is assigned to me. a lad. I remember the opposition that created by God. But we must underIt is thirty years, my brethren and sisters, was created in many sections of the stand, also, that if it does realize that

since I first faced this congregation, that country to the work of the Church, purpose, conditions must be satisfactory.

is, it will be in the October conference. and then when one sees the success that Its ability may be destroyed by frost or

Those thirty years have been filled with we are having and the growth that we drought or heat, but if it falls into the many fine experiences as I have worked are realizing today, one marvels and proper environment, it grows and realizes among the members of the Church. I realizes that it really is the work of the its full purpose. I believe that in the

trust that the remaining time that may Lord. heart of every normal child that is born

be allotted to me may be as pleasurable Our problem, brethren and sisters, is into this world is that same Godgiven and as beneficial to me as the past has to move it forward, and you brethren power, and I believe, also, that the been. who are in the audience today, most of realization of that power depends, for

I am especially grateful today for the you, are responsible officers in the years at least, upon external conditions opportunity that I have had at this priesthood which you have received, and for which the fathers and the mothers conference of saluting my friends from in that sense you have a very distinct and the neighbors are responsible very the newly created stake in Mexico. obligation to your congregations. largely, until people get to a maturity

Brother Juarez who was with them when I have been reading in the New Testawhere they determine their own course

I was assigned to the presidency of the ment recently, rereading, and I find it of thinking and living.

Mexican Mission was the elder in charge extremely interesting. I would like to I am not so much worried about what

of all the work in Mexico. He has gone recommend it as a following course other people do not do, as I am about

through the intervening years in faith for the reading of the Book of Mormon what we do not do. We have the

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA can make a better record of attending And his answer was, "The Mormon minister—-he was not retired when we

church than five thousand Protestant Church,"and then he explained our converted him—I think he may be in

boys, does not that tell you something standards of living and what the Church this audience this morning. I copied

about the spiritual power that there is did for its young people, and we have this out of a letter less than thirty days in this Church, that leads them to the had many such comments as that. Then old: "My testimony grows and grows.

house of worship? he talked about our preparation of our Where we were once blind, we now

I told this story in California and one young people for marriage. see."

of the brethren there said, "I was raised There isn't time to discuss more of Would it not be marvelous if all the in one of the largest churches in San this minister's comments on what he world could see and come out of darkFrancisco. We had a beautiful buildlikes about the Mormons. I have only ness, as Peter said, to his marvelous

ing. We had over ten thousand memdiscussed three, and there are seven, so light, and we have it to offer, and we

bers, and our average attendance was I will skip them. But I come now to the invite all men everywhere to listen to

less than one hundred."According to seventh, where he talks about the servour message, and I always say that

our statistics, we would have had, with ice in the Church. He took as an illusthere is not an honest man or an honthat many, thirtysix hundred average tration a stake president, and he knew est woman in this world who really

attendance at the meetings. all about it. He lived in one of our loves the Lord who would not join this

Then this minister tells about the communities, and he told about the Church if he knew what it was.

home evening and about the fellowship number of meetings he held, the numThen this convert adds, "We never in the Church and the youth program, ber of miles he traveled, and some of knew of such love as we now have for how they associate together. I heard them travel great distances, and then each other and all others. Some of our

a minister on the radio in California after he discussed that, and he could former friends say that they have never make this statement, "What we need is just as well have discussed the bishops, before witnessed such a change as has a church for the youth of the land. We too, he said, "They care for their memcome over us."

have been preaching to the old folks bers."And then he adds, "Unless the My time is up. God bless us, brothers

and letting the young folks go to the laymen of the church reassume their and sisters, and help us to carry on devil."He said, "That is why our responsibility, I do not believe the in the great assignment that is ours

churches are empty today."Protestant church has a future."and bear witness of the truth that the

A minister in talking over the radio I would like to read a few statements world might share with us this marvelin Los Angeles held a question and anin closing from recent converts to the ous work and a wonder, I pray and leave swer box, and one evening the first Church that I have received during the my blessing with you good people, in question asked was, "What church is last few days. I only have time to the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ.

doing the most for its young people?"read one, and that is from a retired Amen.

power as members of the Church of us and how far we come from making I think that perhaps we are justified

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to inthe perfect effort in the rearing of young in judging one's faith by his activity, fluence young people. Many of us do people and placing them on a firm because faith is what prompts activity,

not appreciate and perhaps do not foundation of faith, faith like the musand if we do judge them by that standunderstand this, and we lose, for one tard seed. Now, if we could properly ard, we find that there are times when

reason or another, the service of many many of them are reported as having wonderful young men and young women little faith because they are reported as in the Church. We have now a large MY CAMEO inactive in the Church. Why cannot

ingroup the Melchizedek of men not to appreciate appear do PriestBY ELSIE CHAMBERLAIN CARROLL wecannotreachdrivethem,thembrethreninto it,andof sisters?course; Wewehood who

their opportunities and their responsihave to love them into it and give them bilities. I have a precious cameo opportunity to help, because when peo-

I have developed in my ministry with Locked safe in memory's jewel case, ple serve us, they realize that they have you a love for people who are in a sense Its cherished features carved by an interest in us. I read as a boy Benjaindifferent because of these conditions years min Franklin's Autobiography in which

said thatover little learned that he he early they control earlier which had when love and toil and prayers and Of particular peoplein life, to he wanted to a realize have and I have that come tears:

interest particular in toonce they spirit him, he had can be touched the by of God into faith and activity, they The image of my mothers face. give those particular people an opporbecome wonderful servants. I want It is a sacred talisman tunity to do something for him, and

them to understand that we love them. I keep to guide me on my way. perhaps that would be one of our apWhen one is militantly opposed to the The eyes of calm serenity proaches to these people, to find somework of the Church, we have nothing Give something of their faith to me thing that they can do that will divert

but sympathy for him. So when we And help me find the blessings of their interest and develop their faith

realize the great number of people that each day. and their testimony. The testimony is

have not sensed their opportunities to the thing that has the greatest power become active and go through the of all in our lives, I believe.

Aaronic Priesthood into the Melchizedek cultivate those people in their growing When we realize through receiving a

Priesthood, then when we realize the years, they would realize I think rather testimony, which comes from the Spirit number of men who are in the Melfully the purposes for which we are of God, our relationship to God, our chizedek Priesthood who are not active here—Godgiven purposes and Godobligation to God our Father and our

in it, we cannot help realizing the tregiven powers that we have which we obligation to each other in the Church mendous responsibility that rests upon fail to use. organization, then we devote ourselves

JUNE 1962 427 to that service. Without a testimony we will impel them to observe the comBrethren and sisters, let us not worry

do little. mandments of God, that when they too much about other people but worry

So our problem, brethren and sisters, enter into the marriage relationship, as about ourselves. Brother Lee last night

with our young people is to develop in has been suggested, they do it for time said that the only comparisons that he all for so that they then and thinks are are oftheir value hearts the the comparisons testimony can which carry they only then can can on—andeternity, past, his years adolescent of a person those over with of a wardcarry them full for realize carry the purpose and on

that are so fraught with danger into which men and women come into this with its past, of a stake with its past.

mature manhood with a testimony that world. Then if we look at ourselves, we begin,

BE MISSIONARIES

Franklin D. Richards

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My dear brothers and sisters, I have than double a year ago. Recently I reAt Louisville, Kentucky, the East

enjoyed the spirit of this conference as ceived a letter from the members and Central States Mission office staff of five you have—the beautiful music that has missionaries of the Elkins (West Virmissionaries, by holding group meetings

been rendered and the wonderful counginia) Branch which indicates what is Sundays and evenings, baptized 124 sel that has been given us by our Prophet happening. Let me quote a part of it. wonderful converts in the year 1961.

and the other leaders that have spoken "We as missionaries and members of At a recent stake conference in Calito us. the Elkins Branch are so thrilled with fornia, a great deal of interest and

Truly, "The Spirit of God like a fire the success and growth of our branch enthusiasm was shown in the "Every is burning,"and the "veil o'er the earth that we want to write and tell you about Member a Missionary"program. After

is beginning to burst."(William W. it. We have been blessed with this the morning session a woman came up

Phelps.) growth since you came a year ago and and introduced herself and presented her

This is so noticeable as we travel told us of the 'Every Member a Misfriend, saying, "She is mine."Both of

throughout the missions. Since the first sionary'plan. In the five years from their faces reflected great joy and happiof the year Sister Richards and I have 1955 through 1960 there were 42 conness. Then she explained that she had

visited all of the eight eastern American verts baptized in the Elkins Branch. asked hpr fripnd thp Hnldori Questions,

missions from Canada to Florida. We With the 'Every Member a Missionary'and her friend replied that she was

have met with more than 1,700 missionprogram we, as a team in the Elkins interested ana woum like to know more aries and thousands of Saints. I would Branch, began to ask people the Golden about the Church. The woman then arlike to report that their spirit is wonderQuestions, and those that wanted to ranged for the missionaries to come to

ful, and they are very happy and know about the Church we invited into her home and teach her friend the dedicated. The "Every Member a Misour homes for group meetings. Because beautiful truths of the gospel as consionary"program is being used more and of this the Lord blessed our branch tained in the six discussions. Her friend

more, and convert baptisms are double membership with 121 convert baptisms prayed, studied, and attended Church those of a year'ago. in 1961, which nearly doubled our to further her understanding. She soon

President McKay, in the film, "Every branch membership. gained a testimony and was baptized.

Member a Missionary,"stated that the "Yes, 121 convert baptisms in 1961 No wonder this good sister felt so purpose of the gospel of Jesus Christ is compared with 42 in the five years bemuch joy as she put her arm around to change men's lives, to change human fore. In the first two months of 1962 her friend, and said, "She is mine."

nature. Does this mean "to be born the Lord has blessed us with 51 conAre you one of those who are wonderagain"? Brothers and sisters, I am cervert baptisms, which is almost half of ing about the spirit of the missionaries?

tain it does. The Savior, in speaking to the total number of baptisms in 1961. I tell you as a whole they have never

Nicodemus, said, "... Except a man be "The branch president and his family been happier; they have never worked

born again he cannot see the kingdom have been having group meetings in more effectively and have never been of God."(John 3:3.) Nicodemus replied: their home regularly for all age groups. more richly rewarded. The great num-

"How can a man be born when he is By their screening the people through ber of convert baptisms are their reward.

old?..."asking the Golden Questions before they Who does the Lord's work gets the

The Savior then answered, "... invite them into their home, the missionLord's pay. Yes, they are reaping while

Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except aries have baptized about 20 people from the day lasts, that they may treasure a man be born of water and of the this one family's meetings alone. The up for their souls everlasting salvation

Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom effect it has had is tremendous. The in the kingdom of God.

of God.... Marvel not that I said unto people are really baptismal conscious Recently I received a letter from a

thee, Ye must be born again."(Ibid., and are doing everything they can to sister in Athens, Tennessee. She had

3:3-7.) have group meetings. been searching for the truth for fortyInvariably missionaries testify that "We testify to you that asking the five years, and when she heard the

their greatest joy and happiness comes Golden Questions and having group gospel, she knew she had found what from seeing men and women born again meetings is a very effective way to bring she was looking for. The missionaries

as they are baptized. Yes, in seeing the souls into the Kingdom of God. The met her in October 1960, and she was

change that comes into their lives as love, enthusiasm, and spirituality has baptized November 23. When she was

they accept and live the simple gospel never been higher. We love to baptize baptized, she was the only member in

truths. Missionaries are truly seeing people."Signed, The Elkins Branch Athens. Within three months five of

miracles occur in the lives of the conmembers and missionaries. her family and friends had been bapverts they baptize as they accept the Again, in the Oakridge, (Tennessee), tized, having been influenced by her

gospel of Jesus Christ. Branch there were twentythree convert powerful testimony. Now a little more

In the eight eastern American misbaptisms in 1961, and in January and than a year later they have a branch sions, convert baptisms in 1960 were February of this year there were thirty of thirty, with a Sunday School, MIA, 4,527; in 1961, 10,209, and for the first more in the first two months of this and Primary. This sister is quite typical

three months of this year are more year than all of last year. of the many converts coming into the

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA if we have the courage to do it, to reneighbor right square on top of the stand to teach us.

vamp our lives. head."And a young man followed him May we have the strength and the

I remember making a talk in Idaho up and he said, "Brother Ivins, it was power to face ourselves squarely and one time on repentance. Repentance is good, and you were talking to me all then take advantage of the opportunities

in order presented to acquit ourselves is all to us, as time."brethfundamental but the problem, our know, you That

of creditably responsibility to our each fine to a old renafter I got through, into take brother heart the and sisters, to Father, our other and Heavenly God walked up to me and he said, "Brother structions we get through the scriptures I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

Ivins, that was wonderful. You hit my we read and from the brethren who Amen.

Church at this time. Palmyra, New York, the birthplace of will say yes. Then, invite them into

Increased membership in the Church the Church. I tell you the Spirit of your homes, and have the missionaries,

requires more and larger chapels for the Lord and that of the Prophet Joseph stake or fulltime, give them the simple worship, for teaching, and for cultural was truly there. gospel discussions.

purposes. Last year there were twenty Yes, my brothers and sisters, the Spirit Take your friends who want to know

beautiful chapels completed in the eight of the Lord is being poured out upon more about the Church to our Church eastern American missions. This year all flesh, and men's hearts are being meetings, and love them into the

there are fortytwo new chapels either softened. One branch president in the Church. When the people who want

under construction or soon to start. Also east asked me, "How long is this misto know more about the Church do not

in the east coast stakes many more new sionary explosion going on in the live near you, send their names, adchapels or additions to present chapels Church?"The answer is found in the dresses, and telephone numbers to the

are being started. Adequate places to sixtyfifth section of the Doctrine and nearest stake or mission where they live.

hold church services are really wonderCovenants, verse 2. In the beautiful hymn, "Praise to the

ful missionary aids. "The keys of the kingdom of God are Man,"we sing: "Wake up the world

Of particular interest is the site recommitted unto man on the earth, and for the conflict of justice. Millions shall

cently purchased in New York City, just from thence shall the gospel roll forth know 'Brother Joseph'again."(William

off Fifth Avenue between 57th and 58th unto the ends of the earth, as the stone W. Phelps.) I love the Prophet Joseph

streets. The proposed construction of a which is cut out of the mountain withSmith, and I am certain that as this

church facility at this site received naout hands shall roll forth, until it has great missionary work goes forward, tionwide publicity and opened many filled the whole earth."millions will know Brother Joseph again.

doors and minds to the missionaries. This prophecy cannot be fulfilled by Brothers and sisters, I know that our

Also, with the increased membership the fulltime missionaries and the partFather in heaven lives; that Jesus is the

on the east coast more districts are time missionaries alone. It is necessary Christ, the Only Begotten of the Father

becoming ready for stake organizations. for "Every member to be a missionary,"in the flesh. I bear witness that Joseph

Three stakes have been organized within as our Prophet has declared. Smith is one of the great prophets of all

the last few months, and twelve more Let me again remind you how you can time; and that we have a great prophet

at of at the the this time. head Churchareas are First, presently consideration. living under the a missionary. be by

is greatof O. one David the McKay are stakes in the area gospel so that others seeingThere your good now fifteen est lived, ever missionaries that has and

of the eight eastern American missions. works may be led to join the Church; I sustain, love, and support him. May

I was especially pleased to be selected by asking your friends and neighbors the Lord bless us that we may, each to accompany Elder Delbert L. Stapley what they know about the Church, and and every one of us, be missionaries, I

to organize the Cumorah Stake at if they would like to know more. Many pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1962 THE TRANSFORMING POWER OF THE GOSPEL

Nathan Eldon Tanner Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

President McKay, my beloved brethren members of our Church and their devonew missions have been established in and sisters, after listening to this wondertion as they go forward in the work of the British Isles. The British Mission

ful music and these inspiring talks that the Lord. It is an inspiration to me has been divided into the British and

we have heard in conference and facing to see young men of that caliber laborthe Southwest British Missions, and the this vast body of priesthood and these ing throughout the world, and realize ScottishIrish Mission has become the fine women, I had a strong feeling, as that they are doing the work of the Scottish Mission and the Irish Mission.

someone has said, that the greatest eloLord, trying to keep the members of the This makes six missions in the British quence I could indulge in would be Church together in groups and helping Isles.

silence. However, I have been called, to spread the gospel wherever they go. The organization of two new stakes

and in all humility I want to say that Two young returned missionaries in is being recommended.

I love and sustain President David O. France, who are now in the armed In order to provide building accomMcKay as the prophet of the Lord and services, told me that last year they modations for the increasing memberall these wonderful brethren associated baptized more people while in the servship, we have labor—I prefer calling

with him and express my appreciation ice than they did in the two years that them churchbuilding-missionaries—emto them for the great strength and inthey were in the mission field in France. ployed throughout the mission, helpspiration that they have been to me We have over 1,600 missionaries in ing to build chapels while at the same

as I am sure they have been to all of you. the West European Mission, most of time they are becoming real, substantial

I should also like to express my sincere whom we have seen and heard and inmembers of. the Church.

appreciation of the fine, devoted leaderWhile this outstanding growth is goship and the faithful members throughing forward, and so many people are out this Church. WILD FLOWERS being brought into the Church, the misSister Tanner and I are most grateBY RUBY ZAGOREN sionaries themselves are developing into

ful for the privilege and honor that fine men and women who will become came to us just a year ago, when we The wind is the sower, very strong leaders of the Church. It

were called to serve in this great misThe earth, their mother; is a heartwarming experience which

sionary work, to cry repentance unto They timidly flower, brings tears to your eyes to hear them this people and seek to bring forth the Crowd close to each other express their love and appreciation for cause of Zion. In crannies and crags, their parents and the influence they

We sincerely hope and continually In meadows and field, have had in their lives and the privilege pray that we shall prove worthy of the In marsh and bog. they have of being on a mission.

call, and I humbly pray this morning, They dauntlessly wield The joy and happiness which they that the Lord will bless me while I speak Their petaled graces, experience in bringing people into the to excelled you. that Church can be only by

I of as they Their sweetscented goods, which some them have wish, first, to recognize the presence of the faithful representatives of the In hidden places hear of increased interest and activities stake presidents and bishoprics and To pretty the woods. at home. It is really a humbling exbranch presidents from the stakes in perience to see a big, strong young man

Great Britain and in Holland. Nearly break down and cry as he says, "The

every one of them is in the Church beterviewed since the first of the year. greatest thrill in my life was when

cause of some dedicated missionary who They all send their love and best I heard that dad has now become active was prepared and privileged to take the wishes to their parents and loved ones in the Church, and that when I return gospel message to those foreign lands. and to those who are helping to keep home we will be able to go to the

President McKay, I bring you and the them in the mission field. temple and there be sealed as a family

Saints here greetings from all the Saints Inasmuch as these missionaries are for time and all eternity."And to hear

in the stakes and missions of the West across the ocean in those foreign lands another express his joy, love, and apEuropean area and also from those deand therefore seem farther from home, preciation and thank his Heavenly voted missionaries and mission presi- I should like to say a few words about Father that his dad, who was not a dents and their wives that are laboring the work they are doing and condimember of the Church, but who has there. tions over there. It is certainly a privbeen keeping him on a mission, has now

We were very happy to have had the ilege and a blessing to be associated with joined the Church is a thrilling experiprivilege during the last few months these missionaries, to hear them bear ence, indeed.

of traveling with and being built up by their testimonies and tell of their exAgain, may I repeat that while these

President and Sister Moyle and their periences as they go forward as ambassamissionaries are doing a marvelous work two daughters and Brother and Sister dors of the Lord. Last year they baptized in bringing people into the Church

Spencer W. Kimball and Brother and over 16,000 converts, which is an averthey are at the same time developing

Sister Howard W. Hunter while they age of approximately one each month into men and women of whom we can

visited our missions and stakes. The for every missionary in the West Euroall be proud and whose testimonies and

wonderful spirit that they radiated and pean Mission. In France, the two misexperience will not only carry them

the encouragement and help that they sions last year baptized nearly twice as through life with a strong determinagave to the missionaries and the officers many people as were baptized in the tion to live the kind of life they should and members and investigators will be whole of the British Isles in 1958. A few but will add greatly to the strength of

felt for years to come. years ago this would have been conthe Church.

At our servicemen's conference when sidered entirely impossible. To hear the In spite of the deeprooted traditions

President Moyle spoke to those men and testimonies of these new members and and strong prejudices which exist in women, I shall never forget the into see the changes that come into their those old countries and which present fluence and the impact that it had on lives as they accept the truths of the some real problems, we find one thing them and will have in their lives. gospel and become active members of which is most encouraging and that is

At this time I should like to say how the Church is an inspiration indeed. that people from all stations in life,

I appreciate those servicemen who are Since the beginning of the year, two including professors, doctors, lawyers,

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and successful businessmen, are showacross America."give you many experiences, personal

ing an interest in and are becoming The program started with a very brief and otherwise, but I should like to remembers of the Church today. history of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, late briefly the experience of a very

Just a few weeks ago, six young miswhen he was just a boy and carried right talented and educated young Oxford sionaries and I were invited to particithrough with his history until his graduate who is an Egyptian by birth.

pate in a telecast one Sunday evening in martyrdom. It told of the missionary He studied and practised law in Cairo;

London in which we were interrogated in work in Great Britain, the people leavhe has taught law in the law schools a panel discussion by a member of the ing there and crossing the waters and of Luxembourg, he speaks six different

House of Commons. The questions were then the plains, the many trials and languages including Arabic, Hebraic,

very fair, and we were given an optribulations of the Saints as they were Italian, French, German, and English, portunity to answer them without driven from place to place, and how and teaches now in the London Univerinterruption. The way those young men unfair the people and the governments sity. When he first read the Book of

responded was a real credit to the Church. had been to them. It told of the MorMormon, he was greatly impressed by

Just a few days later, again in London, mon Battalion, the Indians, the crickets, the style in which it was written. He

there was a full hour broadcast on BBC the sea gulls, and the building of the noted that it, like the Semitic language, under the direction of Mr. Charles Chiltemple which was all presented draso often had sentences begin with the

ton of the BBC, who is not a member matically. Those who took part were conjunction "behold"and with the

of the Church, whom some of you all welltrained British artists, and the phrase "and it came to pass."He was

know personally because of his having choruses were beautifully rendered. also impressed by the fact that names

spent some time in Salt Lake City. I used throughout the book were names

like so often inshould the occur Semitic to read to which the you announceFREE that that language. inment uneducated an appeared knew He the RadioTimes D. CHAFFINthe translated or not could the day youth have It BY LILLIE program presented. was

is too, this entitled that book. noted, He "The Mormons": My its for credit is auhands must push the plow for writtenJoseph Smith took no "What a Mormon? The usual bread.

it that transthorshipreply claimed but to that was question like is something this: 'O I would say the people whose My feet must follow the furrow; lated by the power of God. He accepted

religion allows them dozens of wives.'My eyes must measure the meadow's Joseph Smith's claim without doubt as

It did once, but it doesn't any longer. length he knew that this was the only way

Polygamy was officially outlawed more If the harvest be full and thorough. the book could have been written.

than seventy years ago and less than 3% of the inMy brow may line and learn of principlesAs the missionariesof the gospel,taughthe joinedhim withthe ever Mormon community dulged in it. The Mormon Church, or thorns, them in childlike faith in praying to

to give it its correct name, The Church My back be bowed with duty, his Heavenly Father that he might have of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, was But my heart is ever free to love, an understanding of the gospel. His

founded in 1830 by Joseph Smith, the My lips to sing of beauty! prayers were answered, and he learned

son of a pioneer farmer of New York by the Spirit that he had found the

State. Although avid Biblereaders and truth. He was converted to the Church

regular holders of family prayers, few Following the program we read in the with a deep and abiding testimony. He

frontier families of those days belonged Oxford Mail, under the big headline is an able and strong advocate of the to an organized church. However, in "Not Nearly Enough of the Mormon gospel and defender of the Book of

1820 a great missionary campaign was Story,"these comments: Mormon which he knows is true.

launched by Presbyterians, Methodists, "The story of the Mormons, 'This Is This is only one of many experiences

Baptists, and other churches with the the Place,'really only scraped the surwhich are most encouraging to the misobject of converting the settlers to their face of a fascinating history. The tale sionaries and the Saints and help to

own particular faiths. Thousands of of the trek out west to found Salt Lake strengthen their testimonies as they hear

people were converted, including Mrs. City was overfull of breaks and music. of them.

Smith and three of her children, but Joseph Smith, the founder of the Church I, too, wish to bear my testimony to not Joseph. 'There were,'he said, 'too of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, to you today that the gospel has been remany sects from which to choose,'and give Mormons their full name, and stored in these the latterdays, that God

all of them declared themselves to be Brigham Young, who chose the spot the Eternal Father and his Son Jesus the only true church which, of course, on which to build Salt Lake City, are Christ did appear to the boy Joseph was not possible. He decided to ask pioneers of stature, who had to be cut Smith, that he was chosen as a prophet

God for guidance, and he prayed and down to smaller size to fit them into of God with apostles at the head of the had a vision in which he was told the this program. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

true Church of God would soon be re- "Too many questions about the MorSaints, that we have the same organizavealed to him. How the new church mon way of life remained unanswered. tion that existed in the Primitive

was formed and how its members were Certainly there is plenty of material Church, that the priesthood has been persecuted and how at last, wandering available if some one would care to dig restored and that we have a prophet and to and fro along and beyond the west- a little deeper."apostles of God at the head of the

ern frontiers, they founded a new Zion These programs, along with others in Church today, and that the same simple in the valley of the Great Salt Lake, will which our people have participated, truths and principles are taught and be told in 'This Is the Place'tonight."have created much interest and opened ordinances performed and by the same

Then in the Daily Express, the Manhundreds of doors to our missionaries. authority as at the time of Christ, and

chester edition preceding the program, While this kind of program is being that the way is open whereby every man we read: sponsored by some, there are those who may be baptized by water and by the

"BBC plans program on Mormons. are strongly opposed to our being there spirit and thereby enter into the kingThe program will tell how the faith and to everything we do. Others want dom of God. This is my testimony, in

was founded in New York and hounded to know more about our beliefs. I could the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1962 431 CATCHING THE VISION Theodore M. Burton

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

My dear brothers and sisters, I am truly ing things which has pleased me trecause in the middle of this flood, as the grateful for the privilege I have of being mendously has been the increase in waters came rushing in, her children, here this day. and for the opportunity I leadership among our people. I do not which she had held by the hand, were

have of bearing my testimony to you think that anything could be made swept away from her by the floods, so of the divinity of this work. It has been more clear as to this leadership than she lost them and despaired of their

a great privilege to go back again to something which happened during the lives. She was rescued and came in

Europe and to work again with the peomonth of February. tears to her bishop wanting to know

ple that I love so much. I have had In February of this year we had a what she could do for her children. But

already many wonderful experiences terrible storm which crashed down upon the children had been miraculously and have been impressed again by the northern Europe. The wind blowing saved. They had clung to trees the

strength of the people in those lands. in from the North Sea drove the water whole night and had been rescued the

Very recently I read an article in up the rivers, and we had a terrible following morning and were restored to

Der Abendpost, one of the German flood in the area around Hamburg. We her again frightened, but safe.

newspapers in Frankfurt, Germany. On were very concerned. I happened to be So you see, the local Saints helped

Friday, March 16, this paper published touring the North German mission at one another. When the call went out

a letter from Dr. Martin Niemoeller. that particular time with President to gather food and clothing, they

He is the president of the Lutheran Maycock. On Friday evening when we brought so much material into the AlChurch in Germany, which is there left Altona and drove through Hamburg tona branch house that the bishops had

known as the "Evangelische Kirche."In on our way to Bremen, we passed along to tell the people, "We have enough.

the paper he defended a statement he the levee and noticed that the water Don't bring any more."The sisters spent

had made previously that eighty percent was rising. Some of the cars were altheir time sorting the clothing (it was

of those of his church who paid taxes to ready partially under water, and not good clothing that was brought in) and the church and therefore could be conmuch more than ten minutes after we making sure that all the people who sidered nominal members are atheists passed the water came in and flowed received clothing had proper fit and who do not believe in God. Dr. Nieover the very road that we had been suitable attire.

moeller stated in a letter to the paper traveling. At that time we did not The local Saints helped one another.

that he had based his announcement on realize how serious conditions were. And the greatest testimony of unity for

his memory of a questionnaire which Although we knew that the water was me, brothers and sisters, was to see had been compiled and published in a high, we spent the night in Bremen, how the presidents of the other GermanGerman newspaper during the past year. held our missionary conference there speaking stakes sprang to the rescue.

One of the questions asked by the the next day, and as soon as I returned to Berlin telephoned over and asked if they newspaper was whether the receiver of Frankfurt by air I telephoned to find could help, and Switzerland and Stuttthe questionnaire believed in the out how things were, for I heard that gart, without even bothering to teleexistence of God. The published rePresident Maycock could not get back phone, started up their relief action and

sult was that eighty percent had to Hamburg because the roads were gathered sums of money which to us answered that question in the quesunder water. were really large in terms of German

tionnaire with a clear and emphatic I had reports from that area on Satmarks, and sent that money to President "no."Dr. Niemoeller said that he had urday night, and the president of the Panitsch, offered food and clothing, and

not made the statement to wake up the stake said they had things in hand and telephoned to ask if they could give atheistic eighty percent to a belief in were working to care for the people more help.

God, but to show the one hundred but were concerned about some of the So you see, they are working together, percent of the people who lived in that members. The amazing thing was the and those wonderful German and Swiss

area, who were members of his church, way our wonderful brethren there imSaints in our European stakes held tothat they were now coexisting in an mediately sprang into action and took gether as one people. It is a thrill to

atheistic society and that the socalled care of their own people. The president see such unity. I thought to myself,

western nations could not use the exof that stake and his counselors with truly these stakes now are places of cuse that those in the west were Chrissome of the members of the high counrefuge and safety. Zion is where the

tians while those in the communist cil visited the bishops, checked on the pure in heart dwell, and these are true nations were atheistic. His thesis, Saints, found what was needed, and took stakes of Zion. My heart swelled with

simply, was this, that the western nacare of them. They located and helped pride for our Saints in Europe.

tions were just as atheistic as the comflood victims, for many of our people Since I arrived there on the tenth of munist countries. lost all their belongings. They lost January, I have had the privilege of

The missionary effort of our Church, their furniture, they lost their clothes, visiting all twelve missions and of holdwhich has established many missions in even the wallpaper was washed off the ing missionary conferences with all the that area and has sent literally thouwalls, and the homes were filled with missionaries in the European Mission.

sands of missionaries there to bear slime from the floods, but miraculously I have spoken to numerous congregatestimony of the divinity of Jesus Christ all their lives were saved. tions in Germany, in Denmark, in Norin that land, is clearly justified. The Some very remarkable things hapway, and in Finland. I have been

action of the Church in bearing witness pened. President Panitsch told me that twice behind the Iron Curtain and have

in that area is absolutely necessary. he was concerned about one elderly spoken with our Saints there. I have

Therefore, I am glad that I have had the sister who was bedridden. He was found strength, determination, and enprivilege of again being a missionary in afraid that the flood which covered thusiasm everywhere and wonderful

that area and that we have such mismuch of Wilhelmsburg might have leadership.

sions of our Church in Europe. taken her life, because she could not I visited 1,710 missionaries, and I am

I am grateful to report that the work move. However, the night before the proud of them and their spirit of devois progressing in Europe. The Church flood came, she became a little more tion. There is a good spirit among

is growing rapidly in numbers of memill and was taken to a hospital and so them, and they have an esprit de corps bers, and spirituality among our people was saved. which is uniting them in spirit. They

there is increasing. One of the astoundOne of our sisters was concerned beare catching the great vision of the work

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which they have to do. They are bechicken yard and sure enough, there was a third night, and that third morning

ginning to realize now who they are. the eagle scratching around in the went out to feed those chickens again.

This concept of knowing who you are is chicken yard with all of the rest of the He fed them and then looked at that a very important concept, and I would chickens and picking up grains of corn eagle. It was very early in the morning,

just like to tell you a little story that just like a chicken would. Then he said and the sun was just coming up over

was told to me by John Bennion, one of to the rancher, "Do you mind if I perthe mountain as he reached down and my missionaries, which I think illusform an experiment on that bird?"The lifted up that eagle and turned him this

trates this principle very well. It is a rancher said, "Go ahead, he can't lay time so that he had to look right at the

story about a salesman who came into any eggs."So he walked over and picked sun. Then he said, "Thou art a golden

a rather isolated valley on a selling up that eagle in his hand, looked him eagle. Take to thy wings and fly!"But

campaign. He had some selling to do, right in the eye and said, "Thou art an the eagle just blinked at him with those

and as he looked around for a place eagle. Take to thy wings and fly!"But big yellow eagle eyes, ruffled up his

to stay that night, he found no hotel, the eagle just blinked at him with those feathers, cocked his head, and looked at no rooming house, no boardinghouse, no big yellow eagle eyes, ruffled up his him again. But as he did so, the sun got

place where he could stay. So he did feathers and turned his head sideways in his eyes, so he raised his head to look

what all good salesmen do when caught and looked him up and down. Then at the sun, and all of a sudden he began

in a predicament of this kind. He he hopped down to the ground and to tremble. Then he spread those great

looked around for the finest house that started to scratch in the dirt after grains wings and off he flew, and that was the he could see in this valley, went up, and of corn. The rancher laughed at the last that was ever seen of that eagle.

knocked on the door. When a man salesman and said, "See, I told you he Now, he was no longer a chicken. He

came to the door, he introduced himself was just a chicken."was an eagle, the king of the air, in the

and said, "I am sorry to bother you, but element where he belonged. He was

I am looking for a place to stay tonight, free. A golden eagle, the king of the

and I can find neither hotel nor rooms LOVE SONG FOR AN ENGINEER birds!

available. Would it be possible for you I am convinced that there are too

to put me up tonight?"The man opened BY MARGARET EVELYN SINGLETON many golden eagles among us who are

the door in true western hospitality and convinced that they are chickens. This

said, "Stranger, come on in and make is no time for us ever to be chickens.

yourself at home."You engineer my train of thought This is a time for us as well as a time

So the man came in and made himAnd then supply the track; for our missionaries to realize who we

self at home, and they had a very, very You punch the ticket, serve the meal, are.

pleasant evening together—such a very And fill the baggage rack. It reminds me of a passage in the

pleasant evening that in the morning, Doctrine and Covenants, section 63, he decided he would get up and help You're every car for wandering verses 58 to 64, where the Lord said:

his newfound friend with his chores. mind's "For this is a day of warning, and not

I, of words. of a day the took grain For Lord, bucket up a many andHe went travel use, Exclusive

to lastout in not of the to the days. be the back to mocked the house am always, the longest train, on "Behold,chicken above, to from yard chickens. feed the and he And As I am my

started to feed the chickens, all of a You're also the caboose. power lieth beneath. I am over all, and

sudden he called excitedly to the man, in all, and through all, and search all "Hey, mister, come quick. There's an things, and the day cometh that all

eagle in your chicken yard."The salesman shook his head and he things shall be subject unto me.

"Oh,"the rancher said, "don't worry said, "It just isn't right."Then he "Behold, I am Alpha and Omega,

about that."went out on his selling campaign, but even Jesus Christ.

He said, "You don't understand. did not finish, so he returned that night "Wherefore, let all men beware how

That's a vicious bird. If you don't get and said, "I am sorry to bother you they take my name in their lips

him out of your chicken yard, he'll again, but could I stay another night?""For behold, verily I say, that many

kill all your chickens!"The rancher said, "Look, you stay just there be who are under this condemna-

"Oh,"the rancher said, "don't worry as long as you have a mind to. You tion, who use the name of the Lord, and

about it."will always be welcome here."So he use it in vain, having not authority."

".But that's a golden eagle!"he cried. spent another very pleasant evening and Now, he was speaking of me and of

Then the rancher said, "Let me tell the next morning got up, picked up his you who bear testimony and witness of you the story, and then you'll underbucket of grain and went out to feed some of these sacred things, for he goes stand. Last year some of my boys went those chickens again. After he had fed on to say: "Wherefore, let the church

with me up into the mountains, and the chickens he looked at that eagle. He repent of their sins, and I, the Lord, will

there on a cliff below us we found an went over and picked him up, raised own them; otherwise they shall be cut

eagle's nest. In that eagle's nest were him on his hand, and looked him right off.

three eggs, and so we let one of the in the eye and said, "Thou art an eagle. "Remember that that which cometh

boys down the cliff with a lasso, and Take to thy wings and fly!"But the from above is sacred, and must be

he picked up two of those eggs from eagle just blinked at him with those big spoken with care, and by constraint of the eagle's nest and brought them back yellow eagle eyes, ruffled up his feathers, the Spirit; and in this there is no conup with him. When we got home, we cocked his head, and looked him up and demnation, and ye receive the Spirit

put them under a brooding hen. One down, then hopped to the ground and through prayer; wherefore, without this

of those eggs hatched out. That's that started to scratch for grains of corn there remaineth condemnation."(D&C

eagle. You see, that mother hen was again. 63:5864.)

his mother, and all the rest of those The rancher laughed again and said, Thus we learn to teach, yes, we must chickens are his brothers and sisters. "It's hopeless. Give it up."Well, the teach and preach by the Spirit, and to

That's no eagle. That's a chicken!"salesman went out to sell another day, use those testimonies which God has

The salesman looked over into the but he still did not finish, so he stayed given us in a sacred and a solemn manJUNE 1962 433 ner. We must not speak lightheartedly some other way? God."(Ibid., 50:1920.)

of these sacred things, but when we bear "And if it be by some other way it is Thus the spirit of truth is a bridge testimony we must bear that testimony not of God."(Ibid., 50:1718.) which reaches between honest people

from the depths of our heart. I told our And it is true that he who receives everywhere. It is a bridge of honesty.

missionaries this, that when they teach, the word must receive it in the same It is a bridge of sincerity. It is a bridge

they must teach by the spirit of truth way that it is given. He must open up of brotherly love.

out of the fulness of their hearts, for as his heart and must receive the message As the Lord goes on to say in that the Lord said, "Verily I say unto you, by the spirit of truth, for the Lord goes same section in the following verse:

he that is ordained of me and sent forth on to say: "And again, he that receiveth "Therefore, why is it that ye cannot

to preach the word of truth by the the word of truth, doth he receive it by understand and know, that he that

Comforter, in the Spirit of truth, doth the Spirit of truth or some other way? receiveth the word by the Spirit of truth

he preach it by the Spirit of truth or "If it be some other way it is not of receiveth it as it is preached by the

Saturday Afternoon Session, April 7, 1962 SPIRITUAL COMMUNICATION Spencer W. Kimball

of the Council of the Twelve..."(Ibid., 67:2.)My brothers and sisters, it is a grand enough on some of those planets to are in mine hands,

privilege to meet with you in this great transmit radio messages across the enorStudents of the universe might be conference which is the most nearly mous distances of interstellar space."amazed to know how much Adam knew

international of all conferences ever He seems convinced that earth's asabout astronomy; how much Enoch and

held in the Church. We are making tronomers could eventually detect and inMoses had of accumulated knowledge

history today with the conference terpret incoming messages which highly of this world in its beginnings, its hisproceedings being received in this tabercultured creatures from those intelligent tory and of its projected end. Many

nacle in various languages and with communities might send, but since would wonder at the great Abraham, the conference messages going out into the galactic history of such planets living nearly forty centuries ago, who foreign lands. "might take billions of years to evolve, was such a world authority, not only on

its condiand its movements, earth, last only the well might their flowering age with a marvelous We live in itself, extendthe universe tions, brief but on years, so their thousand a few fanfar the most beyonddevelopments tastic prognostications of a quarter cenmoments of glory would seldom coining to the very center of it.

tury ago. Our communication lines have cide."He reasons that "some extraHis supernatural knowledge was probbeen extended from Pony Express to terrestrial civilizations may have, deably supplemented by research and obfast air service; transportation has been stroyed themselves completely, while servation in the clear, starry nights in

speeded from horse and buggy to globeothers may have killed off only the the plains of Mesopotamia, but he must encircling jets for the masses, and speeds higher types of life, permitting new and have received the major part through running into the thousands of miles later civilizations to evolve from the the Urim and Thummim which could each hour for the explorers. From the humble creatures that managed to surhave been far more revealing than the

Vikings and Columbus, we come to vive."most powerful telescope in the most

"Glenn"and the astronauts. Persistent Since no mention is made of a conmodern observatory. In his 175 brilscientists continue to explore land and trolling power, we fear that there is liant years of life he accumulated knowlsea, and now they are out in space. the assumption that planets build themedge in many fields, but especially in

Much learning has been added, but selves and that inhabitants create themastronomy, in which field he seems to astronauts and rocket riders and telegselves. We honor and congratulate the have excelled, and was perhaps equal

raphers can little realize how relatively scientists for their intensive research and or superior to even the highly trained elementary are their movements and some of their conclusions. When we add Egyptian astronomers. At the altar near

discoveries and knowledge. Astronomers to their assumptions and findings the Bethel, close to Jerusalem, came his

have sought knowledge through study, knowledge acquired through the scripgreatest scientific knowledge.

but prophets through faith. Astronomers tures, and then place an Omnipotent As he sat in Egypt and wrote his

bave developed powerful telescopes God in the center of all things, the treatise on papyrus, in longhand, likely through which they have seen much, picture becomes clearer and purpose to present to Pharaoh and his eminent but prophets and seers have had clearer gives it meaning and color. court, he wrote. "And I, Abraham, had

vision at greater distances with precision The Gospel writer, John, gave us the Urim and Thummim, which the instruments such as the Liahona and these precious words: "In the beginning Lord my God had given unto me, in Ur

the Urim and Thummim, which have was the Word, and the Word was with of the Chaldees;

far exceeded the most advanced radar, God, and the Word was God. "And I saw the stars that they were

radio, television, or telescopic equip- "The same was in the beginning very great, and one of them was nearest ment. with God. unto the throne of God; and there were

In a recent magazine was printed a "All things were made by him; and many great ones which were near unto

brief digest of an article from a German without him was not any thing made it;

astronomer who says that radio astronothat was made."(John 1:1-3.) "And the Lord said unto me: These

mers today discuss as a distinct possibilAnd modern revelation confirms: "The are the governing ones; and the name

ity interplanetary conversation between worlds were made by him; men were of the great one is Kolob, because it is

earthbound man and creatures on other made by him; all things were made by near unto me, for I am the Lord thy

planets; he "demonstrates with intricate him, and through him, God: I have set this one to govern all

mathematical logic that planets suitable "... he was called the Son of those which belong to the same order

for life may be fairly common among God,..."(D&C 93:10, 14.) as that upon which thou standest."

the stars, and that there are perhaps The Lord himself testifies: "Behold, (Abraham 3:1-3.)

only ten civilized communities within I am Jesus Christ, the Son of the Living The worlds were created, organized, 1,000 light years of the earth,"and God, who created the heavens and the and made to function by Jesus Christ "there may well be creatures intelligent earth,..."(Ibid., 14:9.) "... [they] our Lord, all this at the instance of

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Spirit of truth? So knowing the personal responsibility choice and living prophet, David O.

"Wherefore, he that preacheth and he that today rests upon me, I bear my McKay, as others have testified before that receiveth, understand one another, solemn witness to you, by the spirit of me. I bear you this testimony by virtue

and both are edified and rejoice totruth and by the power of the Holy of my calling as a special witness, for gether. Ghost, that I know from deep within I know the truth of these things in my

"And that which doth not edify is not my soul that Jesus lives, that Jesus is heart and ask honest men everywhere to of God, and is darkness. the living Christ, a resurrected being, listen and to believe and to search and

"That which is of God is light; and and a personal God of flesh and bones, to know for themselves by the same

he that receiveth light, and continueth who truly did appear and spoke to spirit of truth that these things which in God, receiveth more light; and that Joseph Smith, taught him, instructed we have preached are true. I bear this

light groweth brighter and brighter until him, and now guides this Church and testimony to you in the name of Jesus the perfect day."(Ibid., 50:2124.) reveals his will to us today through a Christ. Amen.

and under the direction of his Father D'ye think that you could ever, are born, mature, and die. The Lord

Elohim, our Heavenly Father. Abraham through all eternity, said, "And the end shall come, and the

knew, as we know, that the works of Find out the generation where Gods heaven and the earth shall be consumed

God in all creations were infinite, purbegan to be? and pass away,...

poseful, efficient, limitless. "... it is the workmanship of mine

The Lord continues in his revelation "Or see the grand beginning, where hands."(Ibid., 29:23, 25.) "... the earth

to the Prophet, "And there are many space did not extend? abideth the law of a celestial kingdom,

kingdoms, for there is no space in which Or view the last creation, where for it filleth the measure of its creathere is no kingdom;... Gods and matter end? tion,...

"Unto every kingdom is given a Methinks the Spirit whispers, No man "... notwithstanding it shall die, it

law;..."(See D&C 88:3738.) He has found 'pure space,'shall be quickened again,... and the

knew the bounds set to heaven, earth, Nor seen the outside curtains, where righteous shall inherit it."(Ibid., 88:

sun, stars, their times, revolutions, laws nothing has a place. 2526.) The Prophet Joseph writes,

and glories—which orbs borrow their "The earth rolls upon her wings, and

light from Kolob, the greatest of all the The works of God continue, and the sun giveth his light bv day, and the stars. (Abraham 3.) He actually tells us worlds and lives abound; moon giveth her light by night, and

about the throne of God and that he Improvement and progression have the stars also give their light, as they resides "on a globe like a sea of glass and one eternal round. roll upon their wings in their glory, in

fire, [which]—is a great Urim and There is no end to matter; there is the midst of the power of God.

to space; no end 130:7-8.)Thummim."(D&C "... seen hath any any and man who

his in There is no treatise, inspired He continues of least end to spirit; there is no or these seen the hath movGod

to race."end said the Lord me, unto"And by the (Ibid., ing in his majesty power."and

that Kolob andUrim Thummim,—William W. Phelps was filled after the "For it hath 88:45, 47.)

..."Lord,after the of the manner it its of creation, shall measure

(Abraham 3:4) and that one revolution The noted scientist speaks of other crowned with glory, even with the presbe

of it was equal to one thousand years planets and suggests civilized space comence of God the Father;

earth. munities.on people was most Time when

of bodies the celestial "That kingdom the thought earth world, the again, signifying quote and was "Kolob, We for, ever; for possess it forever and may that first sun, the stars the the creation, celestial, nearest moon, tothe and the

it this intent created, and was and made inferior earth's counterparts, or of were Firstor residence in the governGod.

for intent this are sanctified."they

to like light give appendages, last merely the pertaining the toment, measure- (Ibid., 88:1920.)

sky. lanterns in the of hanging time."But Facsimile (PofGP, 2:1.) nowment

Other grandgoverning creations near scientists know, as the people generally To Moses, to Joseph Smith, and to to the place where God resides are know, and as prophets knew long before others of the great prophets, came vipictured. This advanced knowledge was them, that the earth is but one minor sions and revelations unbelievable, so

"revealed from God to Abraham as he unit of numerous creations in space, clear, so distinct, so complete that it offered sacrifice upon an altar which he illuminated by the presence of God will yet be long, if ever, when, through had built unto the Lord."(Ibid., 2:2.) He "who is in the midst of all things."observation and exploration only, men

says, "Thus I, Abraham, talked with the (D&C 88:1213) "... the glory of his will gain the knowledge, for the prophets

Lord, face to face,... and he told me presence that the sun shall hide his saw unbelievable things in kaleidoscopic

of the works which his hands had face in shame...."(Ibid., 133:49.) vision. "But only an account of this

made;... which were many; and they Our friend the astronomer speaks of earth, and the inhabitants thereof, give

multiplied before mine eyes, and I could interstellar civilizations, probably experi- I unto you,"said the Lord to Moses.

not see the end thereof."(Abraham encing turbulent history such as our own "For behold, there are many worlds

3:1112.) earth has had with the rise and fall of that have passed away by the word of

As we stretch our imaginations to abgreat civilizations, such as Babylon, my power and there are many that now sorb the limitlessness of the creations Ninevah, Jerusalem, Egypt, Greece, stand, and innumerable are they unto of God, we turn to a favorite song: Rome, and numerous others which have man; but all things are numbered unto

flared like an arclight, then dimmed me, for they are mine and I know them."

"If you could hie to Kolob in the even to candlelight proportions, or to (Moses 1:35.)

twinkling of an eye, be extinguished. The prophets knew We are near appalled by the disAnd then continue onward with that through the centuries that not only cernment of the scientists whose accumusame speed to fly, civilizations come and go, but worlds lated knowledge awes us, but there is

JUNE 1962 435 greater knowledge; there are more perfect (Ibid., 1:4.) "Wherefore, no man can destruction, but other worlds have gone

instruments; there is much more to behold all my works, except he behold on unto perfection, and communication

learn. We can but imagine how the all my glory; and no man can behold between the higher and the lower is

great truths have been transmitted all my glory, and afterwards remain in not only possible, but is also an actualthrough the ages. Exactly how this the flesh on the earth."(Ibid., 1:5.) ity. At the controlling center of the

precious instrument, the Urim and "For mine own purpose have I made universe in such a perfected world is

Thummim, operates, we can only surthese things.... God. He knows all things which could

mise, but it seems to be infinitely superi- "And by the word of my power, have possibly affect us, and because of his or to any mechanism ever dreamed of yet I created them, which is mine Only experience in his creation of us in his by researchers. It would seem to be a Begotten Son,... image, he is eager that we become like

I Accordingly, has conhe set without have set number or instrument.receiving For a And "worlds him—perfect.

tinued us for through communication also created with created; them there and I picturesto receive and programs,

must be a broadcasting set. The scripmine own purpose; and by the Son I the millennia. Without plane or rocket,

tures above quoted indicated that the created them, which is mine Only Bemessengers have come.

abode of God is a master Urim and gotten."(Ibid., 1:3133.) "... The Our surprise is greatest in the last

Thummim, and the synchronization of heavens, they are many, and they canconclusion made by the German astrontransmitting and receiving apparatus of not be numbered unto man; but they omer when he expresses the belief that

this kind could have no limitation. are numbered unto me, for they are "the earth's young civilization is now

Even with our most elementary commine."(Ibid., 1:37.) approaching its first great crisis because

munication sets we hear voices around The perfected Enoch, as he saw the of its new found powers of self destructhe world. We remember when, even brilliant, awesome picture, exclaimed, tion,"and "man's best hope of avoiding

with earphones, we could decode only "And were it possible that man could disaster is to listen hard for radioed part of the static over the newborn radio. number the particles of the earth, yea, advice. Far out in starry space,"he

Our first television pictures were very millions of earths like this, it would not says, "perhaps is an old wise civilization local and very amateurish. Today, we be a beginning to the number of thy that has survived many crises and is

see in our homes a fight in Madison creations;..."(Ibid., 7:30.) And then trying to warn the callow earth against

Square Garden, a football game in the the Creator said, "... there is no end the mistakes of its own youth."What

Cotton Bowl, the Tabernacle Choir in to my works, neither to my words. an astute observation! Yet for thousands

Chicago, an astronaut circling the globe. "For behold, this is my work and my of years our omniscient Heavenly Father

Is it hard to project ourselves from the glory—to bring to pass the immortality from his old wise world has been trying

elemental world of puny man to the and eternal life of man."(Ibid., to get his children to listen hard for

world of Omnipotent God, who with 1:3839.) such radioed advice and televised wisgreat purpose has developed precision The quoted doctor speaks of the dom, but they were blind of eyes and

instruments operated through his omflowering of the civilizations upon the dull of ears. They were not connected

nipotent knowledge? Is it difficult to various planets. The Lord told Enoch, to the power line.

believe that the Urim and Thummim, "Wherefore, I can stretch forth mine Handwritten messages of warning carried down through the ages by the hands and hold all the creations which have come to wicked Belshazzars, who, prophets, even in the hands of our own I have made; and mine eye can pierce with lords and ladies in ugly debauchmodern-day prophet, could be that prethem also, and among all the workmanery, drank wines from golden vessels

cision instrument which would transship of mine hands there has not been stolen from holy temples, and empires mit messages from God himself to his so great wickedness as among thy collapsed, and while drunkenness and brethren."supreme have Can God creation—man?

dislimitations? or Can atmosphere We know(Ibid.,little7:36.)about interplanetary sensualthere ". indulgence.. came forthwerefingersat theirof aheight,man's

tance or space hold back his pictures? conversation between planets of the hand, and wrote over against the candleWould it be so difficult for Moses or same order and development, but we stick upon the plaister of the wall of the

Enoch or Abraham or Joseph to see a know that such messages on a twoway king's palace: and the king saw the part

colorful, accurate, moving picture of all circuit have been heard and underof the hand that wrote.

things past and present, and even fustood by earth men and properly inter- "Then the king's countenance was ture? Could one doubt that the holy preted to dying civilizations throughout changed, and his thoughts troubled him,

man, Moses, could stand on the mounthe ages, and this in line with the so that the joints of his loins were tain peak and see? Moses'Creator said, thought of the dying worlds and the loosed, and his knees smote one against

"... look, and I will show thee the living worlds and the aborning worlds. another."(Daniel 5:5-6.) This was

workmanship of mine hands; but not The scriptures postulate that worlds a message from another world. Daniel

all, for my works are without end,..."have gone out of existence through selfinterpreted the solemn warning. On

OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO OUR DEAD

Eldred G. Smith

Patriarch to the Church Jesus said to Nicodemus, "... Verily, water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter "And Jesus answering said unto him,

verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be into the kingdom of God."(John 3:3-5.) Suffer it to be so now: for thus it beborn again, he cannot see the kingdom Jesus confirmed this principle himself cometh us to fulfil all righteousness.

of God. in his own baptism as is recorded in Then he suffered him."(Matt. 3:1315.)

"Nicodemus saith unto him, How can Matthew: If baptism were so necessary for Jesus,

a man be born when he is old? can "Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to who was a perfect man, without sin, the

he enter the second time into his Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him. very Son of God, to fulfil all righteousmother's womb, and be born? "But John forbad him, saying, I have ness, then how much more necessary

"Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say need to be baptized of thee, and comest must it be for all others to receive bapunto thee, Except a man be born of thou to me? tism. Then, too, if the Lord requires

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I mm:

'I

Era of TYouth

June 1962

Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor x

rj>

SH

"Abide ye in the liberty wherewith

ye are made free; entangle not

yourselves in sin, but let your hands *M be clean, until the Lord comes.

Doctrine and Covenants 88:86

'{0.

pu

iiypp

*jR.

J* ill

J* Jl 0"

".': MS:"':;::

"Look, it's my life, and I'm going to live it. This is a free country, you know,

and I'm a free man. What I do is my business and not the business of anyone else."

The youngster said it with a snarl and a sneer and with an intensity that made even the experienced counselor's blood run cold. He tried to talk

with the boy about a ''free country"and "free men"and whose "business"his serious moral misconduct really is. But the young visitor would have

none of it. He was very sure of himself. He was "free"and intended to

prove it by doing just what he pleased. This to him was freedom: doing just

what he pleased, without thought or reference to anyone else.

When he had gone the counselor mused for a time about freedom.

Have you? Have you thought seriously about freedom?

Ask yourself, What is freedom?

How can it be obtained, and protected?

How much is it worth?

Who has it?

Is it the product of money, education, social prominence, political power, position? Continued on following page)

HAT IS FREEDOM?

Usually we think of freedom as absence of restraint on person or property or expression. We are "free"when we are outside prison walls, or out of debt,

or are able to acquire and dispose of property, to manage our lives, or to meet together without limitation. Often we speak of freedom as the right and

responsibility to make decisions—free agency. These precious "freedoms"the

boy in the counselor's office is fortunate enough to enjoy. But there is a kind

of freedom he does not have and does not understand that has no political boundaries and nothing to do with dungeons or cells or lack of bread or opportunity. Sometimes it has burned particularly bright under just such conditions.

It is the product of free agency properly used. It is the freedom spoken of by

Jesus when he said, "... If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed

"And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.

"They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free?

"Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin....

"If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed."

(John 8:3134, 36.)

Freedom is a condition of mastery over ignorance, unbelief, disobedience, unrighteousness. He who escapes the bondage of sin is free.

OW IS FREEDOM OBTAINED?

It is a gift of God through his Son to all who will receive it....

By learning truth.

"And I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts."(Psalm 119:45.)

By obeying the law.

"I, the Lord God, make you free, therefore ye are free indeed; and the law also

maketh you free."(D&C 98:8.)

By accepting Christ.

"And under this head [Christ's] ye are made free, and there is no other head whereby ye can be made free...."(Mosiah 5:8.)

By serving him faithfully.

"But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed."(James 1:25.)

By so living that we may have the Spirit of the Lord.

"... where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty."(2 Cor. 3:17.)

OW IS FREEDOM LOST?

By uncleanness, unrighteousness, sin.

"Abide ye in the liberty wherewith ye are made free; entangle not yourselves

in sin, but let your hands be clean, until the Lord comes."(D&C 88:86.)

"For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than the beginning.

"For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them."(2 Peter 2:2021.)

By following bad counsel, being with foolish companions.

"The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished:

"But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they, selfwilled, they are not afraid

to speak evil of dignities.... [they] speak evil of the things that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own corruption;...

"Having eyes full of adultery, and that cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable souls:.... Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone astray,...

"These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with a tempest; to

whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.

"For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error.

"While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption: for of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage."

(Ibid., 9-10, 12, 14, 1719. Italics added.)

HAT IS FREEDOM WORTH?

It is worth everything: every effort, every devotion, every sacrifice, every

service. It is worth life itself, because it gives meaning to life. Eternal life

with our Father in heaven will come to those who are free, finally, from ignorance, unbelief, disobedience, unrighteousness.

HO IS FREE?

Those who learn the law of God, who know the truth, and follow after it.

Those who truly love and will not hate.

He who is loyal and patient and forgiving. The girl who lives with happy

memories and selfrespect. The boy who passes the Sacrament, or administers

it, with clean hands and an honest heart. The young people who refuse to trifle

with bad habits, to cheat in school, to keep bad company. They who know that

freedom has a twin named responsibility. Individuals who can respect themselves and who reverence God.

These are truly free. They know a freedom that the careless or dishonest

or wilfully disobedient never know. They are free to look others in the eye,

to accept the pay or grades they have earned, to think without destructive memories, to live with clear conscience, to serve God in the temple or the mission field.

They are free to walk humbly and with confidence in the holy presence of God. Marion D. Hanks

Freedom is a priceless gift that enables us to do Freedom, the basis of our religion, is vital to God's that which we feel is right, provided we don't inkingdom here on earth. Without freedom we

fringe on someone else's rights. would have nothing, we would lose everything

Freedom is happiness. We can express how we dear and precious to us. Without liberty we would

feel and what we want to obtain in life by our easily lose sight of God. Because the gospel of

actions and words. I feel that whether a person Jesus Christ is our way of life, we must preserve

lives in a free country or not, he has ideas of and one of its foremost principles, that of free agency desires for freedom. In the United States, we are or freedom.

privileged to be able to express our ideas on freeIs freedom the right to do as we please? With

dom rather than to keep them "bottled up"freedom there comes a responsibility. With freeinside us. dom there comes an obligation to consider that

We must cherish this precious gift by making there are others in this world. If we would have

it work. To make it work, we must obtain knowlfreedom, we must do more than proclaim freeedge—knowledge of our Church, the sciences, dom. We must live the commandments of God;

math, history, politics, and languages. We must we must love both God and our fellow men. This

strive to make ourselves good citizens of our is the road to freedom! We, the young people of

country and stalwart members of our Church. By this generation, are the ones who will lead this

setting a good example, we not only protect our world to peace or to destruction. It is our responfreedom, but we set a path for others to follow sibility to ourselves to live the gospel, to learn to

us—to keep our freedom and free agency, thus, the best of our ability, and to bring this confused

we are following the perfect plan of Jesus Christ. world to peace through love.

Zoe Ann Gardner Marcia Ann Nelson

WHAT

We have been given our free agency. We are free "One nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty

to believe as we choose. God has given to every and justice for all."

soul the free agency to choose the good or the Our hearts swell with pride at this phrase, for evil. We believe that all men should worship acwe know that this is our priceless heritage.

cording to the dictates of their conscience. This I hold freedom as one of the greatest gifts man

is freedom. In our own country, we have freedom can have. It gives him opportunities as well as

of worship, freedom of speech, freedom of the responsibilities. In most cases, freedom stimupress, and freedom of assembly. I'm glad that I lates man to better himself and his environment.

live in America that we may have these freedoms. Freedom makes it easier for man to worship God

Cheryl Gold and carry out his religious undertakings. In fact,

freedom paved the way for the restoring of God's

Church on this continent so that man could

Freedom embodies one single basic concept. receive the truth.

That concept is the fact that each individual has However, freedom can only be preserved the ability to think for himself. However, there through man's ability to live with himself and his

are men in our society who have succeeded in neighbor. Love must be dominant in our intenfooling themselves and others into believing that tions. Then we. can back up the plea: "Let freefreedom is not based on individual thought, but dom ring"! Claudia Keeler

instead on force. These men would have you, or

rather force you, to believe that the only way men can be free is to abandon their only contact with reality—their minds. They have changed the

law from its only moral function, protection, to legalized coercion.

This antithought, proforce movement is active in our society today. It has already cajoled

from us much of our freedom and will continue to take more and more unless we do something to regain it. There is only one way to regain our

freedom and that is for each individual in our society to take the responsibility of thinking for himself. Bill Hidley

My responsibility towards freedom, as an American, begins within myself. I must be at peace and

happy within my own heart before I can be a good citizen.

From the individual, the responsibility passes on to the family. The members must be active in

community affairs, worship in their own way, Mormon regularly, and strive to make the family as desirkable and happy a unit as possible.

When all of a community's families uphold their patriotic responsibilities, the job of having a good moral attitude toward true Americanism Youth rests upon the organization of the county or the state. From the state it goes to the nation, and

with each individual taking part, we may have a harmonious atmosphere in the country as a whole for our children to grow and thrive upon. Speaks Out Therefore, I feel my responsibility toward freedom is to put my trust in God for peace, do nothing which will hurt or deprive others, do nothing

to degrade the status of this nation and make good use of my rights and privileges.

Joanne Bartlett FREEDOM

Freedom is a sacred right given to every man by There is only one kind of true freedom. This freeGod the Eternal Father. Through freedom Christ dom is available to all men regardless of their

puts to use his plan of free agency. financial circumstances or their educational opFreedom means that we can make our own portunities. This is a freedom that is available

decisions and are entitled to our own opinions. to men in time of war as well as in time of peace.

In our religious life, freedom means that we can The freedom that I am talking about was that decide for ourselves that God exists and that our which Christ spoke of in John 8:32 when he said,

Church is true. Through this we may receive "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall

many spiritual blessings. make you free."King Benjamin explained this

It is important that we give as well as receive. freedom in Mosiah 5:8: "And under this head ye

We must be tolerant of others and their ideas are made free, and there is no other head whereand beliefs if we are to expect the same. by ye can be made free...."This is freedom

There are certain duties which we as citizens from death and sin through Christ. Each man

of the United States of America must fulfil if we must get it for himself.

are to preserve our freedom. We must obey the As youth of the Church, it is our responsibility

law, abide by the majority, respect the minority, to study and learn of the Savior and his gospel, and use wisdom in voting. Above all, we must so we can know the truth, and it will make us free.

come to a basic understanding of what freedom Susan Bankhead is and how it influences our lives. Then we must

strive never to let our freedom be taken from us.

Beverly Burrup By studying and gaining knowledge I can defend it verbally. By living the principles of the gospel

I can help my neighbors to see the worth of free

To me, freedom is as much a responsibility as a agency. Above all, I am willing to defend freeprivilege. Our privilege is in choosing the type of dom by offering my life for it. Freedom is too

car we want to drive, wear the color of clothes precious to lose.

that we enjoy wearing. And to respect the type of John E. Holmes

people we want to.

But we have a responsibility to use these privileges correctly so they will stay our privileges.

Patricia Oldroyd TALK ABOUT IT... at getto-

gethers, on the bus, during dates, eating lunch. Hear what

these teens say:

"Begin by keeping the lawssocial, safety, moral, health, civic. We want to live so that

we can be free tomorrow, next week and years from now, not living in a prison, or under oppression or lying in an early grave because of carelessness one way or another."

Colleen Madsen Eight ways "Being informed on what freedom is and what it entails and then watching the little things is important. Looking to Preserve

beyond the immediate gain and seeing if our freedom is being lost in the long run, is good to do, too."Don Abel FREEDOM

BY ELAINE CANNON

I-

"The saddest epitaph which can be carved in the memory WAVE A FLAG... by making

of a vanished liberty is that it ivas lost because its possessors yourself a committee of one to failed to stretch forth a saving hand while yet there see that there is a national flag

WaS time."Chief Justice George Sutherland in your home and that it waves

Stretch forth your hand... proudly from your house on

Strengthen your will... special holidays. Some counStir up your mind... tries have a nice custom of

Start now to preserve the precious freedom that is hanging the flag when special yours today. You may not be a political leader, but you guests are coming to the home.

can wield an important influence in the scheme of freedom. Brush up on flag etiquette and

In your own world, in your own way, you can toss a pebble set a proper example by using into a pond that finally will affect the lives of innumerable it. Stand, applaud, salute when

people for good. The pace you set, the people you involve, you should.

the attitudes you stimulate will create ripples that will spread and reach and effectively touch.

Don't wait for someone else to start it.

Don't depend on adults to do it.

Stretch forth your own hand'. Put forth your own

effort. Guarantee freedom for your future while yet there

is time.

WRITE ABOUT IT... in your

school paper, your ward bulleSING ABOUT IT... around the tin. Get statements from stucampfire, at pep assemblies, dents and civic leaders and READ ABOUT IT... Make it a

during conventions, on MIA faculty members. Invite guest family or friendly project to

programs, and during family writers to suggest what freecollect pictures, stories, slonight. Folk songs, anthems, dom means to them. Give gans, and sayings about freepatriotic tunes make you conaward to the "Freedom Fan"dom. Discuss ways in which

scious of your country in a very or "Freedom Family"of the your group can further the special way. week. cause of liberty.

PROMOTE IT... with a Free HAVE A BALL... a George MAKE FREEDOM A FAD...

dom Week at school. Each day Washington Ball, to be exact! some teens use the language

could feature a different event: Go all out for colonial atmosof freedom as their new form

teens all dressing in flag colors phere for your next prom, girl's of slang. At a dance, boy asks

on the same day; halls decked dance, Gold and Green, or a girl for the next "minuet."

with bunting and flags; a hiswhatever. Everything from Teens who have paired off

torical movie; a freedom semipowdered wigs and ruffled steadily, are described as "livnar with a teen panel; imporshirts on your serving help to ing under oppression."When

tant guest speakers to instruct a "minuet contest"will add a couple breaks up, they're and inspire about freedom; spice to the spree. "emancipated."A teen party

creative contest with oratory, is known as a Bunker Hill these essay, poetry, song, and poster PAINT AND PARADE IT... with days, and Paul Revere is the

divisions; a combinedarts an art contest among the small favorite tag for "who told you?"

pageant; dressup day when fry in your neighborhood. Top or "How do you know?"

teens come costumed as favoroff the event with a neighborite character out of our patriotic hood parade and an exhibit (in past. Give prizes for the best, someone's garage?) of the

funniest, most authentic, etc., entries. Be sure to give lots of

at a reception or dance after blue ribbons. Parents could

school. donate prizes. You donate

manpower to organize it.

Somebody has said that history is always proceeding in the direction that the young people are taking. I am delighted to see you future leaders tackling this job of

understanding what freedom really is.

My subject is freedom and what the free press can mean to us as a people.

In order to understand what I have to say, you'll have to understand and accept the basic premise upon which I'm operating. That basic premise is "Man

is a free creature; man is an intelligent creature; physically a creature of good

will; a perfectable creature."

There are, perhaps, the majority of people on earth who do not believe this of man. The communists believe that man is the accident of biologic creation and is

here only by chance, who has no past and no future and no particular meaning in and of himself as an individual. They believe that man is important only as he

fits into society and contributes what he can to society. The tragic thing about the

communist is that he believes in a system that doesn't believe in him. He believes

that man is a creature to be manipulated and controlled and kept in ignorance until it suits the needs of society to inform him.

Manipulating man in this way is only possible in a society that does not believe in the individual as an intelligent being with free agency. In such a society

the fact of freedom of the press is unheard of, though this is not admitted in such circles. The press is controlled to eliminate evidences of disagreement between

officials in government and, because people cannot be trusted to make decisions, to witness meetings on procedures, and so forth.

In our society we believe in man as free agents with intelligence. We take

the position that an educated and informed public will make the right decisions about its own government. We are confident, as were our founding fathers, that

government by the people, for the people, and of the people may be slow and at times cumbersome; that there may be squabbles in city hall and some name calling perhaps; that it will certainly involve a great deal of hue and cry during election

time when candidates are painted black or white, according to which side you are on; that there may be some inefficiencies, but that in the long run it is in the best

interests of the individual man.

nnHHBHHBHttflH nnHHHm UnmnnMni

Excerpts from a speech given recently by William

B. Smart to members of Americanism Club at

Highland High School in Salt Lake City, Utah.

I suppose there will always be those people Is American society going in a dangerous who can operate more efficiently if someone is not direction because of its unwillingness to overlooking over their shoulders and perhaps jogging come the stumbling blocks just mentioned? The

their elbows a little bit...who will attempt to complexity of our time may have outgrown our

close the doors and meet and decide in private. comprehension, and therefore we may finally reYet information freely given to the public is the sort to one human being of commanding quality

essentialtions—theoilessentialupon whichlifeblooddemocraticwithoutsocietywhich propfunc- todirection.work it allSuchouta forhumanus andbeingto ofleadcommandingus in that

er decisions would not be possible. quality might be a Hitler, a Khrushchev, or a

The press is the fourth branch of governStalin, who would take over the freedoms of a free ment which takes you to your school board, to the nation, not by grasping them away from the peopolice station, to the halls of Congress and lets ple, but because they hand them over to him.

you know what's going on. It is the branch that Is America handing over its freedoms? The

government—legislative,connects each of the threeexecutive,official andbranchesjudicialof answerdirectionliesyouwithwantyourto go,generation.crawling to Isthethisfeettheof

—with the people. a commanding human and saying, "Take our freeFreedom of the press is not a oneway street. dom; feed us?"The press stands ready to protect

It involves responsibilities on the part of the press you from that, even with our shortcomings. We'll

to honestly, intelligently, and fairly project the give you the information. But you must take it

news. It involves responsibility on the part of and use it, not hand it away or ignore it.

the public to take that information and study it Many of you have heard before what some and act on it. man has placed as the ten steps from bondage to

The press needs to keep up the battle of combondage. They go like this: Bondage to spiritual

peting fairly for the news, presenting it honestly faith; spiritual faith to courage; from courage to

and without sensationalism. All this in the face freedom; from freedom to some measure of physiof rising costs of production. The cal abundance; from abundance to selfishness; public—you,young friends—need to stir up those around you from selfishness to complacency; from complato overcome public apathy, public indifference, cency to apathy; from apathy to fear; from fear

the "what-I-thinkdoesn't-reallymatter"idea. to dependency; from dependency back again to

Together we must work to stop the trend of bondage. Is this the course of free society today?

secrecy in governmental affairs, except when real That answer, young people, will have to depend national security is involved. on you.

Herbert Hoover once said, "Now is the time to think hard and fast We cannot wait until the appointments of destiny are upon us."This message has real meaning for me now after

having spent the summer in Poland behind the Iron Curtain.

With eleven other young Americans, I participated jn the Experiment in International Living. We lived in Polish homes and traveled

throughout Poland with twelve young Polish brothers and sisters of our age. Most of these young people, because of their communist

indoctrination, did not believe in God or in a life hereafter.

At the beginning of my trip, I had decided to live my religion to

Martha Hales

''-'*. '::.--,". ""'"-'

Vickie Wilkinson How do you take the pulse of a nation? Perhaps you must

go to its heart; certainly you must know its people. And there

we were—two girls from Utah, and two others from each

state—suddenly doing both in one of the most exciting experiences of our young lives.

As "senators"to the American Legion "Girls'Nation"we were learning to feel the pulse of our country—the steady beat of routine,

the fibrillations of crisis, and most of all, the throb of freedom, democracy, and idealism.

We were learning the importance of adding to America's heartbeat... steadily pumping freedom to preserve Godgiven rights into

a world whose circulatory systems for truth are being rotted away by the cancer of communism.

What kind of heart such a task demands! Heart found not only

in the metropolis of Washington, DC, but in the very soul of every citizen! And here were ninetynine young citizens—bright, funloving,

yet where our nation's future was concerned, deeply serious girls, with backgrounds as varied as their personalities. All of us were caught

up in the whirl of our Girls'Nation campaigns, the intensity of our f

the best of my ability. Wine and vodka were used by everyone, and inasmuch as we

had been warned about drinkingwater, I had problems. Most of the young people

in Poland are drinkers, and I was teased a good deal about my beliefs, but I never preached the Word of Wisdom. I lived it, and before the summer was over nearly

everyone of these young people had serious discussions with me about my religion.

They said to me, "Do you realize what you have? Your religion gives you such happiness and security, something we have all been searching for and hoping to find."

I am so thankful to be living in this free and blessed country and for my membership in the Church. No matter where I may be called to go, I hope I have the

courage to face any challenge as a true American, and I pray that I may always set a good example as a worthy member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Senate sessions, the thrill of seeing Washington, the stimulation of getting to know each other. And we were taking the pulse of America in the people we met there.

What basis were we to judge by? We read this passage from history on the

walls of the Lincoln Memorial: "With malice toward none, with charity towards all,

with faith in the right as God gives us to see the right...."And I pondered "As

God gives us to see the right,"recalling such traditional mottos as "For God and

Country,"and realized that it is religion, as expressed in faith and honor, which is the true basis of real patriotism.

Faith—and honor. What better way then to test the future of America than to

take the patriotic pulse of these representative young citizens in regard to their faiths and concepts of honor. Because our Latterday Saint beliefs are so much the lifeblood of our existence, because we are urged to take the gospel wherever we go, and

because the importance of our Godgiven rights is taught us right in church, we LDS girls were especially eager to exchange ideas on such subjects.

A spirit of longing to slip in every word possible concerning the gospel was inevitable. We had to try—even though we felt inadequate, because in the lives of the

girls, otherwise so full, we could see gaps that even the knowledge of one particular gospel concept would fill. We felt a deep gratitude that we could gain so much from

our Girls'Nation experience because we have been taught the meaning of, "Faith in the right, as God gives us to see the right."

Two signal honors have come to Ann Condie, Kansas City First

Jeannie Hopkins, Santa Cruz Ward, Kansas City Stake, is anGOOD CITIZENS Ward, Monterey Bay (California) other outstanding LDS teen. She

Mel Olsen, 17, Osmond Ward, Stake, fiveyear convert to the was recently selected by her

Star Valley (Wyoming) Stake, is Church. She has been named teachers to receive the annual

making his mark in a wide area winner of the Good Citizenship Optimist award for scholarship, of school activities. Mel, a junior award presented by the local leadership, and citizenship at her

at Star Valley High School, led chapter, Daughters of the Amerjunior high school. Fourteenhis team to the Wyoming state ican Revolution, and winner of yearold Ann is coeditor of her

Class A football championship the Santa Cruz Soroptimists'school's newspaper, plays the and was named to the allstate citizenship award. piano, sews her own clothes, and

team. He is a fullback. He is also The DAR award was selected likes to cook. She arises every

on the varsity basketball and on the basis of outstanding qualischool-day morning at 5:30 in

track teams. ties in leadership, dependability, order to attend seminary. She

Mel also participates in school patriotism, and service to the attends her church meetings one speech and drama activities, plays school. hundred percent, plays on the

first saxophone in the school In addition to the same qualifiward girls'basketball team, and band, and was Freshman class cations as the DAR award, the is president of the Mia Maid class.

president. Soroptimist Club cited her "clear

He is the YMMIA secretary in sense of purpose."

his ward and was president of his Jeannie, who has an A average deacon's and teacher's quorums. and will be a life member of the

He has earned an individual California Scholarship Federaaward each year since he was ortion, is president of Girls'League, dained a deacon. Mel, whose a member of the Girls'Honor

future plans call for a mission, Society, and a member of the will graduate from seminary this Leader's Club—a select group

spring. of sixteen girls who assist with

the physical education classes.

She has served as a junior commissioner, on the GAA board, and was last year's president of the

Junior Red Cross.

Jeannie is a four year seminary student and a past seminary president, has nearly a one hundred percent attendance to all her Church meetings, and plans to attend Brigham Young University and become a teacher.

Jeffery Morris Tanner, 16, WoodDuretta Roderick, 17, Santa Clara Sharon Stradling, Farming ton land Hills Ward, Canoga Park Ward, Willamette (Ore.) Stake, Second Ward, Young (New Mex-

(California) Stake, winner over is an outstanding teen from the ico) Stake, has had a life filledthousands of Scouts in the southPacific Northwest. Duretta is with visits to the hospital. In

ern California area, recently comsecretary of the senior class at spite of this, however, she has peted with a halfdozen other North Eugene High School, and completed each year of her schoolScouts from the western states is a member of the Student Couning, although the eighth and ninth for the honor of going to Washcil, Pep Club, and debate team. grades were completed in her

ington, DC, to confer with PresiShe is also president of the Fuhome with a special teacher. In

dent Kennedy on scouting. ture Teachers of America club 1958, Sharon made a series of

His selection for the San and was selected "Girl of the visits to the Mayo Clinic in MinFrancisco competition was based Month,"which is based on pernesota. Now she is well on her

on his contribution to scouting, sonality, citizenship, scholarship, way to recovery.

school, church, and community. service to school, and extracurAs proof of this was Sharon's

At Canoga Park High School, ricular activities. sponsoring and report of her famJeff, who is vicepresident of the Duretta is a member of the ily's "Family Night."She was

student body, was named most stake Sunday School board and one of three selected out of 200 in valuable player on the B basket- a member of the Youth MissionNew Mexico to be included in an ball team. ary committee. A holder of five annual state report to the US

He has represented scouting as individual awards, she is presiOffice of Education in Washing- a speaker and in leadership traindent of her Laurel class, seminary ton, DC. In evaluating her project

ing programs, including the Philvice-president, and junior Sunday Sharon said, "It brought our fammont Scout Ranch in charge of all School organist. ily closer together."

group leaders, leader of a twoSharon is a junior at Farmingweek leadership training program ton High School and is a member at Camp Whitsett, guest speaker of the FHA and Quillers. A semiat the 38th annual meeting of the nary student, she has three indiSan Fernando Valley Council, and vidual awards, her Mia Joy

guest speaker at the 4-th annual award, and two special awards.

recognition dinner for the TopanHer future goals include going ga District. on a mission for the Church, being

an airline stewardess, a homemaker with a family, and right now closing the gap that ivas made during her illness between herself and the other students her age. Sharon asks herself: "If you

were another person, would you like to be a friend of yourself?"

:;;: v:;;*::: ""',- ''

hold these truths to be selfevident: That all men are created equal; that they are

endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life,

liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That, to secure these rights, governments are

instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed;

that, whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the

right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute anew government, laying

its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them

shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness

FROM DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE

THE CONTRIBUTORS TO THIS ISSUE DATA BY EVELYN MARSHALL William B. Smart keeps us informed

Martha Hales shared precious experiVickie Wilkinson was delegate to Girls'on current why's and wherefore's as ences with Polish youths last summer Nation last year, was chosen supreme chief editorial writer for the Deseret... now leading lucky lads and lasses court justice and chaplain because of NewsSalt Lake Telegram... is chairthrough living lessons of world hisLDS experience... debater, oratory man, Explorer program of MIA gentory and geography at Highland High contest winner... now a U of U eral board... President, Salt Lake

... earned slot in Beehive ranks at fledgling trying her wings in journalExchange Club... Phi Beta Kappa

U of U for outstanding performance. ism and science. key holder.

another continent Aminadi "... inter- (Luke 2:11, 1314.) Israel. He stood on the highway near

preted the writing which was upon the Comforting messengers stood by the Damascus and started Paul in his marwall of the temple, which was written Christ in Gethsemane after his movelous transformation and ministry.

by the finger of God."(Alma 10:2.) mentous decision. One from far out And then there were the visits of the

Another message written by the Lord space was outside Jerusalem's wall by Father himself, who came to bear witon two sets of stone tables came from the empty tomb, and "... rolled back ness of his Beloved Son Jesus Christ at

Mt. Sinai, "... And he wrote upon the the stone from the door, and sat upon the waters of Jordan, on the Mt. of

tables the words of the covenant, the it."(Matt. 28:2.) He said, "... Fear not Transfiguration, to the Nephites on soil

ten commandments."(Exodus 34:28.) ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which of the New World. He introduced his

crucified. was pivotal vital Son and on these interplaneelse except through How

is not here: for he is risen,..."in "He "Behold, Son, my Beloved whomvisits.I amtary landlubber Nephi, could messages

without experience, have built a sea- (Matt. 28:5-6.) well pleased, in whom I have glorified

worthy ship which would safely cross And there were two men undetained my name."

an ocean? How else could Noah have by space or time, standing on the Mt. And again, in the Sacred Grove in

for specifications the minuteknown an of.. Olives. this samewho said,Jesus,"Yewhichmen isoftakenGalilee,up Newthe SonYorkin Statethe restorationcame the ofFathergreat andand successfully? floodark to ride the How

else could Moses know the dimensions, from you into heaven, shall so come in holy things.

materials, and uses of the tabernacle, like manner as you have seen him go Is man earthbound? Largely so, and

and how else could Solomon know the into heaven."(Acts 1:11.) temporarily so, yet Enoch and his peolast a century Just translated ple space messenger earth, the from were and hisspecifications for temple?

"... to Smith, living Joseph the came announcing, Christ angels and commuted. in great programs Radioed came numthat Is a he sent messenger was there interplanetary from the conversation?

bers interages, faithfully the through.. of presence his that Certainly. speak to name was God and may Man Godpreted Ezekiels, the the Jeremiahs, by that for Moroni; a receive had. [him] work answers him. God from

the the Daniels; the by Nephis,and.".. to do; Is of 2:33.) (Joseph association a In there Smith interplanetary

Peters,Moronis, the the Benjamins; by single visits is night repeated the beings? question. and There no

the the Pauls, Smiths. Better and Joseph crossing space through earth to in from planets out space Are inhabited by television orthan radio communications, of the to intelligent abode creatures? be God, seemed negodoubt. Without personalhave messengers without come tiated limitation without of or radioed time ever messages Will come ship, or rocketplane, from God's abode gravity's or space pull! across planets limitless space? between

Isaac,to of birth the dethe announce of the center the for universe From there Certainly, already have where beenstruction of the and Gomorrah, Sodom light, the power, direction, the the for years, 6,000 coming properly deand to of Saulcoming Damascus. Through intelligence originates, the interpreted, another coded, publicized came and meslike perhaps program,some something messenger as himself announcing of the sages into importance the utmost

supertelevision, the Joseph saw coming resurrected the Baptist. this earth. of Anciently habitants John and Dreams infamine so Egypt could he warn beheaded, resurrected, vision, like he to perfected now television open came

his save people.Pharaoh and And own restore the keys and powers programs, repeatedly. which Perhe have comeanother transspace a proJoseph saw himself earth. possessed representatives had sonal on have brought He to flee to causinggram with him Egypt followed three other messengers, by was too messages warning times numerous Christchild,the return to then and Peter, it is restored the James, to and John, our mention, to who and testimonyto Peter Nazareth. a of picture the saw

its all Priesthood Melchizedek lives with the that in abides world and God filledfourcornered sheet beasts with authority. is powers and his his heavenly the earth home, and voices heardand to which send were Divine guards sped of footstool, through his space had only one and numerousthe proselyting to not program only

life to save of the Potiphar's creations; that on Christ of Abraham the Jesus Son

all also toJews, but world. the A in Hill of the is land Ur, to that save Savior, Daniel Living the Creator, Godmessenger the from crossed Father space

his in lions'companions and the den, of this the people and on Redeemer isto "For announce, this unto you born to save the bitterness from listen Nephi will that earth and obey; and and who in city the ofday a Saviour, David bloodthirsty anger of to his brothers, interstellar these them messages—call is Christ thewhich Lord."

Isaac save sacrifice. of knife the will, from televisions, revelations, what you

from space out in suddenly And came there so precious, vision, messages were Then the abode of God radio—from"... a of multitude the heavenly vital, that host so the himself Lord to came. on this earth continue now He to man

praising God, and saying, taught Adam in the Garden of Eden, come to the living prophet of God "Glory to God in the highest, and on showed Enoch the millions of units in among us this day. This I know, in

earth peace, good will toward men."his universe, and trained Moses to lead the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

baptism to see or enter into the kingdom opportunity in this life of hearing the would call for records on the earth to of God, then the Lord is obligated to gospel and accepting baptism to accept identify those who lived and died withprovide a plan or way whereby all its teachings after death. This does out the gospel. The Lord has inspired

mankind may receive this important not provide the ordinance of baptism. If people throughout the ages to preserve

ordinance. the plan were to stop here without prorecords. Many great national leaders

You recall that after the Savior's crucivision for the actual baptism, all the have made great efforts to preserve vital fixion and before his resurrection, he efforts of Jesus in the spirit world would records. Man has inherently made and

was preaching to the spirits in prison, be in vain. This must be done on preserved records. One of the inherent

as is recorded in First Peter. This opens earth. traits of the Israelites is that they are

the way for those who do not have the The next step in a plan of justice a recordkeeping people. Members and

JUNE 1962 437 nonmembers alike are obligated to gather Heb. 11:40) for it is necessary that the earth. To assist those who have accepted

family records. sealing power should be in our hands the gospel in the spirit world, the Lord

On April 3, 1836 in the Kirtland Temto seal our children and our dead for has reserved many valiant spirits to ple, Elijah the prophet appeared to the fulness of the dispensation of times come forth in this generation. Just

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery and a dispensation to meet the promises as the family of the Prophet Joseph bestowed upon them the keys of the made by Jesus Christ before the foundaSmith was moved from place to place sealing power of the priesthood. This tion of the world for the salvation until they settled in the area where

is the power and authority to fulfil all of man. the plates had lain buried for many

the sealing ordinances of the gospel, "... I will meet Paul half way. I say centuries, the Lord has reserved special,

including baptism, for both the living to you, Paul, you cannot be perfect valiant spirits who in the preexistence and the dead. without us. It is necessary that those were so strong that the Lord knew they

Referring to the mission of Elijah, who are going before and those who would accept the gospel when they the Prophet Joseph Smith said, "The come after us should have salvation in heard it.

spirit, power, and calling of Elijah is, common with us; and thus hath God We hear glowing reports of the

that ye have power to hold the key of made it obligatory upon man. Hence, progress in the missionary work. These

the revelations, ordinances, oracles, God said, 'I will send you Elijah the are some of these special spirits to come powers, and endowments of the fulness prophet before the coming of the great forth in special families, away from the of the Melchizedek Priesthood and of the and dreadful day of the Lord: and he center stakes of Zion, with a special

kingdom of God on the earth; and to shall turn the heart of the fathers to mission to be a saving power to their

receive, obtain, and perform all the the children, and the heart of the ancestors.

ordinances belonging to the kingdom of children to their fathers, lest I come It is common for members in these

God...."(Teachings of the Prophet and smite the earth with a curse.'newly organized stakes in the missions

Joseph Smith, p. 337.) (Mai. 4:5-6, ibid., p. 356.) to be the only ones in their family to

The Prophet Joseph Smith also said, The Lord does not stop here. The join the Church. A husband and wife

and I quote: "The greatest responsiteaching in the spirit world has conmay be the only members of the Church

bility in this world that God has laid tinued since the crucifixion of Christ. on each side of their families. They

upon us is to seek after our dead. The This means many are accepting the alone are responsible for all their family

Apostle [Paul] says, 'They without us teachings all the time. Their descendants research.

cannot [sic] be made perfect;'(See are found in all the nations of the Many times people want to come to

THE BLESSINGS OF FASTING

Thorpe B. Isaacson

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

President McKay, President Moyle, Prespendence upon God; and to hasten along trine, p. 243.)

ident Brown, my dear brothers and the path of salvation those who properly Is it proper to fast for the sick? I

sisters: This is a great sight. Someone comply with this law of fasting. quote from 2 Samuel: "David therefore

has said he wishes that every one of you There are many specific reasons for besought God for the child; and David

could stand here for a moment. It fasting recorded in the scriptures. It is fasted, and went in, and lay all night

would make a better Christian out of a general obligation imposed by reveupon the earth."(2 Samuel 12:16.)

you. I sincerely pray that what I shall lation upon Church members. It is in Is it proper to fast for a special blesssay will be helpful to someone, espeitself a form of true worship of God. ing? I wonder if everyone of us doesn't

cially those who may have troubles, or In 1832 the Lord gave a revelation to the need a special blessing? If I may be

those who may have problems, or who Prophet Joseph, when he stated: "... I forgiven right here, I think I should like

may have sorrows. There are so many give unto you a commandment that ye to tell you that Thursday morning in

troubles and so much sorrow in the continue in prayer and fasting from the temple in an upper room, all of the world. this time forth."(D&C 88:76.) General Authorities met there in fasting

This is a great chorus today. We have But this was not the beginning of and prayer. President McKay talked to

surely enjoyed it, coming from a great fasting. The law is as old as man. In us and gave us such assurance and such

institution [Ricks College]. I am sure 1932 President Joseph Fielding Smith comfort that will carry us through this

we all miss Brother Stapley, Brother stated: "... if we had the records before conference. Then as he stood there,

Morris, Brother Hunter, Brother Mcus, we would discover that fasting was he talked about Jesus and he stated:

Conkie, and Brother Hanks, but they introduced by revelation to man in the "Jesus Christ is the Head of the Church, know that they have our prayers. dawn of history."(Deseret News, and he is real."I wish you could have

Fasting and prayer and the contribuAugust 13, 1932, p. 5.) felt that. I am sure you must feel it

tion of an honest fast offering have The late President Joseph F. Smith, here today, because it is here.

given us some concern recently. I decommenting on the law of fasting and Then President Moyle talked to us.

sire to speak on those two very closely the payment of an honest fast offering, He offered the opening prayer, and we related subjects today. stated: "It is, therefore, incumbent upon were all deeply touched. Fasting for

Fasting consists in the complete every Latterday Saint to give to his a special blessing? Yes, we were fasting

abstinence from food and drink. Fasting, bishop, on fast day, the food [or its for a special blessing. Then as Presiwith prayer, its companion, is designed equivalent], that he and his family dent Moyle spoke to us a little later,

to increase spirituality, to foster a spirit would consume for the day, that it may he said he had the feeling and the of devotion and a love of God, to inbe given to the poor for their benefit assurance that we would be comforted crease faith in the hearts of men, thus and blessing; or, in lieu of the food, as we came here to speak, and that we

assuring divine favor; to encourage that its equivalent [value or] amount, would have the assurance that everyhumility and contrition of soul; to aid or if the person is wealthy, a liberal thing would be done well. Fasting for

in the acquirement of righteousness; and donation in money, be so reserved and a special blessing? Yes.

to teach man his nothingness and dededicated to the poor."(Gospel DocThen President Brown talked to us

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Utah to do temple work. This is a never comes. Procrastination is the the Church. But if you omit your

noble thought, but I caution all of you devil's tool. family research and temple work, you

who contemplate any move, do not fail The story is told that as Christianity fall short and at the peril of your own first to gather together all your family was becoming more widespread on the salvation.

records available in the area where you earth, Satan gathered his hosts together This is a priesthood responsibility now live. So many members have come and called for suggestions to combat this which means that the priesthood is to

from England or Germany or Holland danger to their dominion on the earth. see that it gets done. So the women

or other nations to go to the temple just The first volunteer said, "Send me. I usually do most of the work. This is

to find that they have to return or send will tell them it is not true."Satan said, another vital and important way to

back to get their family records, which "No, that is not good enough."The magnify your priesthood, as Brother

they should have brought with them in second volunteer said, "Send me. I will Romney urged us yesterday. The

the first place. tell them part of it is true, but most of Prophet Joseph Smith said, "The great-

I hear many say that their genealogy it is false.""No,"Satan said, "That is not est responsibility in this world that

is all done. If this were so, the rest of good enough."The third volunteer said, God has laid upon us is to seek after

us would have ours all done. Go back "Send me. I will tell them that it is all our dead."(Teachings of the Prophet

ten generations on your pedigree charts, true, but there is no hurry.""Go,"Satan Joseph Smith, p. 356.)

and you will have 1,024 lines to follow. said, "that will get them every time."I testify to you that this is truly the

Each generation doubles the number Genealogy is not alone for the old but work of the Lord, it is a very vital work of lines. If all the members in the for the young as well. Young minds are that needs to be done, and I testify that

Church were to complete all their famkeen and alert and resourceful, all of this is true, that the gospel is true, and ily lines back for ten generations, it which is needed for research. Man that the Lord will help us if we will

would take them about to the beginning should be busy with this family research. be diligent to do what he wants us

of the seventeenth century. This should To be exalted in the kingdom of God, to do.

be possible for most members of the one must keep all the laws of the gospel I pray the blessings of the Lord upon

Church. I think there are few families, and keep all the commandments of all who diligently seek after their dead

if any, who have this much done. God. It is great to keep the Word of and who are diligent in all of the reToo often we think as we get older Wisdom and to pay your tithes and sponsibilities given to them in the

and have more time we will devote ourofferings and attend Sacrament meetChurch, and I do so in the name of selves to research. Too often that time ings and fulfil all the other activities in Jesus Christ. Amen.

and reassured us that as we come here and speak the will of the Lord? Again their husbands, and also of fathers

to this pulpit, he would bow his head from Alma: "But this is not all; they mourning for their sons, and the daughand ask God to bless us. Fasting for a had given themselves to much prayer, ter for the brother, yea, the brother for

special blessing? Yes. and fasting; therefore they had the the father; and thus the cry of mourning

May I quote from Mosiah in the Book spirit of prophecy, and the spirit of was heard among all of them, mournof Mormon: "And he caused that the revelation, and when they taught, they ing for their kindred who had been slain.

priests should assemble themselves totaught with power and authority of "And now surely this was a sorrowful gether; and they began to fast, and to God."(Ibid., 17:3.) day; yea, a time of solemnity, and a time

pray to the Lord their God that he In Third Nephi we read: "And it came of much fasting and prayer.

would open the mouth of Alma, that he to pass that as the disciples of Jesus "Now their dead were not numbered might speak, and also that his limbs were journeying and were preaching the because of the greatness of their nummight receive their strength—that the things which they had both heard and bers; neither were the dead of theeyes of the people might be opened to seen, and were baptizing in the name Nephites numbered—but it came to pass

see and know of the goodness and glory of Jesus, it came to pass that the after they had buried their dead, and of God. disciples were gathered together and also after the days of fasting, and

"And it came to pass after they had were united in mighty prayer and fastmourning, and prayer,... there began

fasted and prayed for the space of two ing."(3 Nephi 27:1.) to be continual peace throughout all the

days and two nights, the limbs of Alma It is said of Moses, while he was with land."(Alma 28:2, 5-6 and 30:2.)

received their strength, and he stood up God at Mt. Sinai: "And he was there Is it proper to fast as a means of

and began to speak unto them, bidding with the Lord forty days and forty purifying one's soul? In the book of

them to be of good comfort:"(Mosiah nights; he did neither eat bread, nor Helaman we read: "Nevertheless they

27:2223.) drink water. And he wrote upon the did fast and pray oft, and did wax

Is it proper to fast in order to gain tables the words of the covenant, the stronger and stronger in their humility, a testimony? I refer to Alma again: ten commandments."(Exodus 34:28.) and firmer and firmer in the faith of

"Behold, I say unto you they are made Is it appropriate to fast when in Christ, unto the filling their souls with known unto me by the Holy Spirit of mourning or in sorrow? Again, from joy and consolation, yea, even to the

God. Behold, I have fasted and prayed Alma in the Book of Mormon: "And purifying and the sanctification of their

many days that I might know these thus there was a tremendous battle; hearts, which sanctification cometh bethings of myself. And now I do know of yea, even such an one as never had cause of their yielding their hearts unto

myself that they are true; for the Lord been known among all the people in the God."(Helaman 3:35.)

God hath made them manifest unto me land from the time Lehi left Jerusalem; Amaleki wrote to his brethren as reby his Holy Spirit; and this is the spirit yea, and tens of thousands of the corded in the book of Omni: "And now,

of revelation which is in me."(Alma Lamanites were slain and scattered my beloved brethren, I would that ye

5:46.) abroad. should come unto Christ, who is the

Is it proper to fast that we may know "Yea, the cry of widows mourning for Holy One of Israel, and partake of his

JUNE 1962 439 salvation, and the power of his redempAgain, turn to the late President least, from the mad rush of worldly tion. Yea, come unto him, and offer Joseph F. Smith and eagerly read his affairs and cause them to be brought

your whole souls as an offering unto words on fasting, prayer, and fast offerinto immediate contact with practical, him, and continue in fasting and prayings, and the great blessing attendant pure and undefiled religion—to visit the

ing, and endure to the end; and as the upon obedience to this law in all of fatherless and the widow, and keep

Lord liveth ye will be saved."its ramifications: "It would be a simple themselves unspotted from the sins of

(Omni 26.) matter for people to comply with this the world. For religion is not in believing

Our Latterday Saint temples are requirement to abstain from food and the commandments only, it is in doing houses of fasting. When the Lord gave drink one day each month, and to dedithem. I would to God that men would

instructions for the building of the Kirtcate what would be consumed during not only believe Jesus Christ and his land Temple, he said: "And let the that day to the poor, and as much more teachings, but would broaden their belief

lower part of the inner court be dedias they pleased. The Lord has instito the extent of doing the things that

cated unto me for your sacrament offertuted this law; it is simple and perfect, are taught by them, and doing them in

ings, and for your preaching, and your based on reason and intelligence, and spirit."(Gospel Doctrine, pp. 237238.)

fasting, and your praying, and the would not only prove a solution to the If Latterday Saints faithfully fulfilled offering up of your most holy desires question of providing for the poor, but the law of the fast, and if they prayed unto me, saith your Lord."(D&C it would result in good to those who in connection therewith as commanded

95:16.) observe the law. It would call attenand paid an honest fast offering, they

Listen to these words of the Lord tion to the sin of overeating, place the would be blessed more abundantly to the Prophet Joseph Smith in 1832, body in subjection to the spirit, and so both temporally and spiritually—and

and again repeated by the Prophet promote communion with the Holy there would be ample funds in the when he dedicated the Kirtland TemGhost, and insure a spiritual strength Church to provide for all our poor, as ple in 1836: "Organize yourselves; and power which the people of the the Lord has commanded. He has

prepare every needful thing; and estabnation so greatly need. (That was given given us the way, but sad as it may

lish a house, even a house of prayer, a over fifty years ago.) seem, we are negligent about the payhouse of fasting, a house of faith, a "As fasting should always be acment of an honest fast offering.

house of learning, a house of glory, companied by prayer, this law would Many of us may sometimes wonder a house of order, a house of God."bring the people nearer to God, and why blessings are seemingly withheld

(Ibid., 88:119; 109:8.) divert their minds once a month at from us. It could well be that the laws

THE CHURCH IN THE FAR EAST

Gordon B. Hinckley

of the Council of the Twelve My brethren and sisters, I rejoice with Christ, the Redeemer of the world, the military service and in other positions you in the attendance here of bishops Savior of mankind; and that Joseph with the government. I would not have

and presidents of stakes from foreign Smith is a Prophet, ordained of God to you think that this harvest of converts lands. This is a great and significant bring forth the reestablishment of his has come easily. Converts are won hard

day in the history of the Church, and work in this generation of time. there as they are elsewhere. Heartache

foretells, I think, the time when these It is an inspiring experience, my brethand discouragement and disappointment general conferences shall become in ren and sisters, to witness the manner are all part of the labor that goes on reality great parliaments of men gathin which the Lord is weaving the there, and behind today's achievement ered from over the world, endowed with tapestry of his grand design in those is a history of prayer and prophecy and the Holy Priesthood, whose only desire foreign parts of the earth. He is gatherpatient waiting for the day when the

is to promote the cause of peace and ing his children there as elsewhere Spirit of the Lord would move upon goodness among the people of the earth. "one of a city and two of a family."He these lands.

I rejoice in the reports which have is remembering the promises made of old I have not walked the crowded streets been given by those who have been as he works among those who have seen of the Orient, in which today we are supervising the missions in various parts so much of poverty and misery and evil enjoying a significant measure of sucof the world. The manner in which the and oppression. He is answering the cess, without remembering with appreLord is pouring out his Spirit upon the prayers of those who have gone before, ciation those of our people who more

people of the earth quickens the testiand who struggled to establish a footthan a century ago went there under mony of each of us. hold for the gospel in those distant direction of the servants of the Lord to

As many of you know, I have some places. initiate the work.

responsibility for the work in the Far What wonderful people these are In a special conference held August 2,

East, and I feel a compelling desire in whose lives have been touched by the 1849 in the Bowery that stood on this behalf of our dedicated mission presilight of the gospel! Witnessing the square, Hosea Stout and two companions

dents and missionaries to give a brief faithful Saints in the Philippines, in were called to go to China. They arrived

report of what is going on in that part Hong Kong, in Taiwan, in Japan, in in Hong Kong in April 1853. I can

of the Lord's earth, which is strange to Korea, in Okinawa, one is led to deimagine with what misgivings they must many of us. clare with Peter of old: have stepped ashore in that place so

I have learned to love those faraway "Of a truth I perceive that God is no different from the one they had left.

places, and those wonderful people respecter of persons: They became ill from the oppressive

with the strangesounding names—the "But in every nation he that feareth heat and the food to which they were

HongsKumagais—andand the Kims,all of thethe Fongshost ofandfaiththe him,ceptedandwithworkethhim."(Actsrighteousness,10:3435.)is acnotdeaf accustomed.ears. There Theirwas nomessageresponsefellotheron

ful Latterday Saints who in their lives Today we have some eight thousand than ridicule. In four months they reand words bear testimony of the connative members of the Church in this turned home.

viction which they carry in their hearts part of the world, in addition to many A century passed, but in the meantime that God truly lives; that Jesus is the faithful American Saints who are in the realm of China had been dedicated

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

on which those blessings are predicated those blessings. How would the man not, O God, for he will trample on thy

have escaped our attention or that we describe hunger who knows nothing of laws.'Truth replied, 'Make him not, O

underestimate the necessity for obediits pangs? Or cold when he has always God, for he will pollute thy sanctuaries.'

ence to those laws. It may well be, been warm? Or illness when he has Mercy, kneeling, looked through her

therefore, that many of our desired always had good health? tears, and said, 'Make him, O God, and

blessings are never realized because we Fasting, prayer, and the contributing I will watch over him all the days of do not more faithfully obey the law of of the full amount of fast offering are his life.'

fasting and prayer and contribute for the Lord's divine prescription for many "So God decided to make man and art full of of blessings the us said, blessingthe everyone of the value a child poor the 'Thou of Mercy; which "go out

in brothers.'Fast or at needs with or another thy Day.of the one and live meals not one way consumed on

President McKay has summed up the time or another. In order that this great I know that God is our Father. I know

great blessing attendant upon full obediChurch may do its part in taking care that God lives. I know that Jesus is

ence to the law of the fast when he of the poor, that both the giver and the our beloved Savior. I felt it strongly

said: "All the principles associated with receiver may be blessed as the Lord when President McKay said the other

fasting seem to point to the fact that desires, we commend to you more serious day, "Jesus is real."I am grateful to

it produces: (1) physical benefits, consideration of the law of fasting, and you brethren whom we meet each week.

(2) intellectual activity, (3) spiritual then prayer as its companion, and then What strength you give us as we come to strength."the payment of an honest fast offering you, most of the time in fasting. I am

In tonight's Church Section of the in keeping with the value of the meals grateful that I learned a few days ago,

Deseret NewsSalt Lake Telegram—not consumed on that day. rather accidentally, that my wife fastsjust saw it at noon today—there is anAbout the turn of the century one of for me every Sunday morning as I come

other very wonderful article on the America's most brilliant, prominent atto you. For that I am grateful.

law of the fast by President McKay. torneys had an occasion to defend a May we live the law of the fast, and

Now, what of the blessings accruing helpless person, and he used this very you cannot think of fasting without to the poor through the payment of beautiful allegory: "When God decided praying. God bless us that we may take

the fast offering each month by all to make man, he called the three angels seriously fasting, praying, and the payof waited fast offering honest as the of an mentmembers the Church? Of course, who throne—Justice,

grateful ruled receive in Truth,only those divinely it so, I pray Lord has souls who said: 'Shall we and Mercy—andon his

such assistance could possibly describe make Man?'Justice replied: 'Make him the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

under authority of the holy apostleship I wish you might have talked, as I did, able home in the States, who stood in for the preaching of the gospel. On with our young native Chinese elders a cold, barren room in Taipei in the

January 9,.1921, President David O. who are serving as missionaries. One Republic of China and said, "I am

McKay, while touring the missions of said: "I hated Americans. I hated all thankful for eyes to see and voice to

the world, turned the key to unlock the foreigners until I met the missionaries."speak and feet to go from door to door

door of this great area of the earth. I Another responded, paraphrasing an old to teach the gospel of the Lord Jesus

have read his prayer again and again. It Chinese proverb, "As I look at foreigners, Christ."

is at once a prayer and a dedication and I think, he is not American; he is not Such is the spirit of those who have

a prophecy. British; he is not Canadian; he is my been called from Los Angeles and BurOne or two statements from that brother."bank, from Rexburg and Logan, from

prayer offered in the "Forbidden City"I wish you might have been with us El Paso and Tooele to those strange of Peking appear particularly significant in Taiwan to hear a handsome and brillands, where under the influence of the to me. He prayed: "Heavenly Father liant young man discuss the gospel in Spirit they learn the difficult languages

... break the bonds of superstition, and his native Mandarin. He was a local and bring light and faith and undermay the young men and young women missionary, a young man whose forestanding to the wonderful people who

come out of the darkness of the past bears for generations before him had live there.

into the glorious light now shining been Buddhists. I have seen nowhere The story is similar in Japan. The

among the children of men. Grant, a more able or devoted or personable work was opened in 1901 by President

our Father, that these young men and missionary in this Church. Heber J. Grant. It was dreadfully disyoung women may through upright, In that same dedicatory prayer ofcouraging. In twenty years only 127

virtuous lives and prayerful study be fered in 1921 President McKay stated: converts came into the Church, and the

prepared and inclined to declare this "May the elders and sisters whom thou mission was closed in 1924. Then folmessage of salvation in their own tongue shalt call as missionaries have keen inlowing World War II it was reopened,

to their fellow men."sight into the mental and spiritual state and the Spirit of the Lord began to rest

I bear testimony that God is anof the Chinese mind.... May the upon those people.

swering that supplication. The shackles work prove joyous, and a rich harvest Today we have more than four thouof superstition are falling. The young of souls bring that peace to the workers'sand Japanese members of the Church,

men and the young women are coming hearts which surpasseth all underintelligent and able, as faithful and deout of the darkness of the past. I wish standing."voted as those in any mission in the

that you might have been with us reHow I wish you might have been world; and we now have branches scatcently in a conference in Hong Kong to with us -in an upstairs room in Tsim tered from Okinawa on the south to as

hear our young Chinese brethren and Sha Tsui in Kowloon, where for thirfar north as Asahigawa on the island of sisters sing the songs of Zion in their teen hours the elders and sisters bore Hokkaido. I feel confident and satisfied

native Cantonese and bear witness of testimony of their love for the Chinese in my heart that we have a great work the truth of this work to congregations people. I shall not soon forget the ahead of us among the good people of

numbering more than eight hundred. words of a young man from a comfortthat great nation.

JUNE 1962 441 I speak with comparable feelings conthinking of Paul's statement to the Athetongue speaking the same testimony..

cerning the work in Korea. There are nians concerning God, our Father, who One sees there the same quiet kind

now some 1,300 members of the Church "... hath made of one blood all of miracle that one sees everywhere

there. For the most part they are wellnations of men for to dwell on all the when men and women bring the gospel

educated. They are buoyant in their face of the earth, and hath determined into their lives. What a marvelous

faith. The tears welled in our eyes as the times before appointed, and the thing it is to witness a peddler of fish,

we stood with them in a cold hall and bounds of their habitation; a man from the ranks of poverty and

sang that great hymn from the pen of "That they should seek the Lord, if superstition, take on a new grace and

Brother William W. Phelps: haply they might feel after him, and a new goodness when he accepts the

"Now let us rejoice in the day of salvafind him,..."(Acts 17:2627.) gospel and is endowed with the Holy

tion. That which is going on has demonPriesthood. He appears almost to beNo longer as strangers on earth need strated that the gospel is for all of our come a new man. He literally is born

we roam. Father's children, and that the good again as he sheds old ways of thought

Good tidings are sounding to us and people of the Orient are as responsive and living and rises from the very waters each nation, to its teachings as are the people of any of baptism to positions of leadership in

And shortly the hour of redemption will land when the Spirit of the Lord his native land.

come,..."touches their hearts. Here is one of the But with all of the joy and the in-

I have never met with the Saints in great evidences of the divinity of this spiration that come of witnessing this those lands and listened to their testimowork. Wherever it is taught, the honest marvelous thing, there comes likewise

nies and partaken of their spirit without in heart respond, each in his own an almost overwhelming sense of obliga-

"AN UNDERSTANDING HEART"Howard W. Hunter

of the Council of the Twelve For forty years David had reigned over What a grave and serious question to build and extend the empire. We

Israel, and as his life was drawing to this would present to one, to have the cling to life, we wish for more time to a close, he appointed his son Solomon as Lord say, "Ask what I shall give thee."accomplish the many things opportunity

his successor to the throne. Solomon inIf you could have one wish, what places in our pathway. Time is usually

herited the great kingdom which had would it be? There are so many things all too short when we think of the

been conquered by the military genius we wish for as we go through life. I things we want to do and the lessons

of his father. The empire extended from presume nearly every child who has read we wish to learn before the time comes

the Mediterranean Sea to the Euphrates the story of the Arabian Nights has for us to return home. No doubt Soloand from the Syrian desert to the Red wished for a lamp like the one Aladdin mon thought of these things as he

Sea. It became the task of this young had, which when rubbed would summon viewed the extent of his great empire,

man, then less than twenty years of the genie who would do the bidding yet this was not foremost in his mind.

age, to weld this great empire into a regardless of the request made of him. He might have thought of riches and

unity. Wishing is not only the pastime of wealth. Another king before him had

As his last will and testament, King children. Most of us have made wishes. made such a wish. In mythology the

David called Solomon to his side, and We have wished for health and wealth, Greek god Bacchus gave to King Midas knowing the great task which would fall success, happiness, wisdom, a better job, any wish he could name because he had on the shoulders of this youth, he said a new car, a diamond ring, a magic rescued one of his followers. King

to him: carpet, to be like someone else, to have Midas asked that all he touched should

"I go the way of all the earth: be thou that which is not within reach, to be be turned into gold, but he soon learned

strong therefore, and shew thyself a given the easy way instead of the path its utter uselessness when food and man; of toil and hardship—and a thousand drink became gold at the touch of his

"And keep the charge of the Lord thy and one other things. lips. Most of the early sovereigns of

God, to walk in his ways, to keep his We might wonder what went through the ancient world have been known for statutes, and his commandments, and Solomon's mind when the Lord said to their great accumulation of the treasures his judgments, and his testimonies, as him, "Ask what I shall give thee."No of the earth. Wealth has always been

it is written in the law of Moses, that doubt his mind traveled the same course associated with power. One might asthou mayest prosper in all that thou as ours would travel if the question had sume that a king would have a desire

doest, and whithersoever thou turnest been asked of us. Solomon had just for wealth in order to spread his influthyself": (1 Kings 2:2-3.) ascended the throne, and although he ence and prestige and to extend the

After this, King David died and Solohad ambitions for the future, he must borders of his kingdom. But Solomon

mon commenced the administration of have had some fears and anxieties. The did not ask for riches or wealth.

the affairs of the kingdom, and the fact that he was a king would give him The history of the reign of his father record makes this comment: "And the right to most things a person would over Israel was one of wars with the

Solomon loved the Lord, walking in the want, yet a king has many of the probPhilistines and with the Syrians and statutes of David his father:..."(Ibid., lems and the desires of those who are many other campaigns. These con-

3:3.) not of royalty. The question would be quests gave Israel the foremost place

Not long after he became king he no less difficult for a king than it would among the nations between the Euwent to a nearby city to offer sacribe to one of a more lowly station. phrates and Egypt. To maintain this

fices, and while there an event occurred Solomon must have had many superiority, Solomon was challenged at which had a significant effect upon his thoughts cross his mind. We might the beginning of his reign to maintain

life and reign. assume he thought of asking for a long a large standing army to provide for the

"In Gibeon the Lord appeared to life. Others have done so when the defense of the empire. He organized a

Solomon in a dream by night: and God question was put to them. A long life cavalry force of 12,000. He equipped

said, Ask what I shall give thee."would have given him the opportunity the royal stables with 4,000 stalls to

(Ibid., 3:5.) to complete the ambitions of his father maintain the 1,400 royal chariots. He

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tion. There comes a new consciousness brethren and sisters, the work is belanguage mission, you will be better

of the magnitude of our great responsicoming very much enlarged. It does equipped if you have studied the lanbility. The harvest is so great, and the require a commensurate accumulation guage. If called to an Englishspeaking

laborers are so few in those lands where of men and means. It requires an exmission, you will understand your own

dwell millions upon millions upon milpansion of mind and energy, ability and language better.

lions of people. In the city of Tokyo perseverance. Let us prepare ourselves Live for the opportunity when you

alone are more than ten million, with more diligently for the great assignment may go out as a servant of the Lord and cities of three and four and five million which God has laid upon us to carry this an ambassador of eternal truth to the not far removed. work to the children of the earth wherpeople of the world. "And this gospel

Brigham Young, on the occasion of ever we may be permitted to go. of the kingdom shall be preached in all

the departure of the first missionaries To our young men I would like to the world for a witness unto all nations;

to China, declared: "The work urges, say, prepare yourselves, not only finanand then shall the end come."(Matt.

and is becoming very much enlarged cially as you have been urged to do, 24:14.) This is our commission, and this

and extended, and requires a commenbut also intellectually and morally and is our obligation spoken anciently and surate accumulation of men and means, spiritually. Study languages. This gosreaffirmed in modern revelation.

and expansion of mind and energy, pel is not for the people of America God give us the faith and the wisdom ability and perseverance."(Millennial only. This gospel is for the people of and the foresight and the breadth of viStar, Vol. 15, p. 107.) the earth, and we have incumbent upon sion to go forward and fulfill it, I pray,

If that were the case in 1852, how us the obligation to learn to speak their as I leave you my testimony, in the much more urgent is it today? My tongues. If you be called to a foreign name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

fortified Jerusalem and other cities for the life of thine enemies; but hast asked Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with

protection against invasion and to prefor thyself understanding to discern all thy heart, and with all thy soul, serve the trade routes for commerce. judgment; and with all thy mind.

Israel's fighting strength consisted of "Behold, I have done according to thy "This is the first and great commandabout 300,000 men. With all of these words: lo, I have given thee a wise and ment.

problems facing him, Solomon might an understanding heart; so that there "And the second is like unto it, Thou

have asked the Lord to give him power was none like thee before thee, neither shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."

over his enemies, for he had enemies after thee shall any arise like unto (Matt. 22:3739.)

from without the empire, and he had thee. To love one's neighbor is noble and

personal enemies within. inspiring, whether the neighbor is one

The young king asked for none of who lives close by, or in a broader these things. His answer to the Lord sense, a fellow being of the human race.

It stimulates desire to the simple promote hapwas and direct: MIDNIGHT OCEAN piness, interest, comfort, said, the hast "And and welSolomon shewed Thou AGNES K MORGAN It fare of others. creates thyunto servant understanding. father great BY David my

mercy, according as he walked before thee in in righteousness, truth, and and The quiet of the night leans low Theby understanding.ills of the worldWarswouldwouldbe curedcease

in uprightness of heart with thee; and On satin swells within the sea; and crime disappear. The scientific

thou hast kept for him this great kindMoonlight splinters rippled jewels knowledge now being wasted in the ness, that thou hast given him a son That dance an unsung melody. world because of the distrust of men

to sit on his throne, as it is this day. and nations could be diverted to bless

"And now, O Lord my God, thou hast Waves, upturned to towering crest, mankind. Atomic energy will destroy

made thy servant king instead of David Drive upon the sandy beach, unless used for peaceful purposes by my father: and I am but a little child: And crisp, quick bubbles breaking understanding hearts.

I know not how to go out or come in. there We need more understanding in our

is in servant thy the "And midst of peoplethy hast thou chosen, a Make silence seem just out of reach. nessrelationshipsand in industry,with one betweenanother, managein busiwhich

great people, that cannot be numbered ment and labor, between government nor counted for multitude. and the governed. We need under-

"Give therefore thy servant an understanding in that most important of all standing heart to judge thy people, that "And I have also given thee that social units, the family; understanding

I may discern between good and bad: which thou hast not asked, both riches, between children and parents and befor who is able to judge this thy so great and honour: so that there shall not be tween husband and wife. Marriage

a people?"(Ibid., 3:6-9.) any among the kings like unto thee all would bring happiness, and divorce

"Give therefore thy servant,"said the thy days."(Ibid., 3:1013.) would be unknown if there were underyoung king, "an understanding heart."If the Lord was pleased because of standing hearts. Hatred tears down,

He did not ask for material things of that which Solomon had asked of him, but understanding builds up.

the world, but a spiritual gift—an unsurely he would be pleased with each Our prayer could well be as was

derstanding heart. of us if we had the desire to acquire an Solomon's, "Lord, give me an under-

"And the speech pleased the Lord, understanding heart. This must come standing heart."

that Solomon had asked this thing. from conscious effort coupled with faith Surely God lives. I know he does.

"And God said unto him, Because and firm determination. An understandIt is my witness that Jesus is the Christ,

thou hast asked this thing, and hast not ing heart results from the experiences the Savior of mankind. May his blessasked for thyself long life; neither hast we have in life if we keep the comings continue to be with us, I pray in

asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked mandments of God. Jesus said: "... his name. Amen.

JUNE 1962 443 Saturday Evening Session, April 7, 1962 FOLLOWING PROVEN PATHS Robert L. Simpson

of the Presiding Bishopric My dear brethren of the priesthood, this ing of things in mortality, these obstacles Whom can we trust as we seek counsel is one of the most thrilling moments that of the flesh; and in due course all appeon vital matters?"And I would like to

any man could experience in mortality. tites and habits must be brought under direct the thinking at this point to our

I am certain there is nothing to comcontrol that we may feel comfortable in young men of the Aaronic Priesthood, pare with it—the thrill of participating the presence of the Lord. these young men who have many probin the greatest priesthood assemblage in "To him that overcometh will I grant lems, many questions, always wonderthe history of the world. These are to sit with me in my throne, even as I ing who would be the logical person.

significant times, brethren, and we also overcame, and am set down with It is easy to be misled. It is so simple

should all be grateful to be taking part my Father in his throne."(Rev. 3:21.) to seek our information from the imin this historic priesthood meeting. Is there a priesthood holder within proper source. I once heard a story about

May I take just a brief moment to exrange of my voice that does not have as a jeweler. This jeweler kept a finelook-

press personal greeting to those leaders the foremost desire of his heart the great ing chronometer in his store window to from distant lands who have been called possibility of one day regaining the attract attention and as a suggestion of by a prophet to represent their people presence of his Heavenly Father? This accurate time keeping. Early each

at this great conference. May I express is the sum and substance of it all. To morning he noticed a man through the

a special, warm Kia Ora to those from aspire to this great blessing supersedes window. He would stop, look at the

New Zealand who have done so much all else in the mind and heart of the chronometer, and then carefully adjust for me in my life. priesthood holder. his watch accordingly.

We extend the arm of fellowship to All of us need help in this important One day the jeweler was outside every man and boy sitting in distant process of overcoming. The man doesn't sweeping the walk in preparation for his

places. You too are participants in this live that is capable of doing it on his day's business when the usual passerby

meeting. Though miles away, your own. "No man is an island"; no being stopped for his usual watchsetting cerepresence is a reality, and we feel your can stand alone. mony, and the jeweler asked the man

spirit in this historic Tabernacle in One of the wisest things that we can why he always stopped to set his watch spite of the distance that separates us. do is to benefit from others who have at the same time every morning.

Brethren, have you ever heard the passed this way. Our first loyal band "Well, you see,"said the man proudly,

beautiful song, "No Man Is aft Island"? of pioneers who entered this beautiful "I happen to be the timekeeper at the

Seclusion is incompatible with the spirit valley nearly 115 years ago had scouts plant. One of my jobs is to blow the

of the priesthood, and when you really exploring many deadend canyons and whistle at precisely 8:00 am and at 4:30

analyze it, what can a man do for himimpossible mountain passes in selecting pm. They all depend on my whistle

self with the priesthood? You young the best possible route for covered to be accurate."The jeweler smiled and

men administer the Sacrament for wagons. Subsequent companies found said, "Well, do you know, for over a

others. You usher and do things around it much easier. The mistakes had alyear now I have been setting my

the chapel for the convenience and comready been made. Why make them chronometer by your whistle!"

fort of others. The priests administer again? So you see, young men, sometimes we

the Sacrament that others might partake. It would be foolish for us to waste are misled, uncertain as to where the

Brethren of the Melchizedek Priesttime in remaking all of the mistakes of real authoritative source might be.

hood, you bless the sick. We do not our predecessors. In the first place, we Sometimes we see a finelooking chronbless ourselves with the priesthood. We would not live long enough to make ometer, but it has to be working

call in others who have the priesthood all the mistakes, so we must do the wise properly and it has to be set properly.

to bless us. We are always thinking thing. We must take advantage of misSometimes we see men who are esteemed

in terms of someone else when we use takes that have already been made. men in the community, but they may

the priesthood. To wilfully hide ourPerhaps the Lord had this in mind when not always be the best source for the

selves and live as hermits would be to he gave us the thought that "the glory question that we have.

allow our priesthood to wither and die. of God is intelligence."Certainly that Young men, you have three main auThe Savior showed us the way; he set man is intelligent who would take adthoritative sources for your information.

the pattern. His was a life of thinking vantage of a path that has already been The first is your Heavenly Father, and

and doing for others. This was the sum clearly marked. just as surely as the Prophet Joseph reand substance of his entire existence in And so, the intelligence to benefit ceived an answer to his humble question

mortality. from those who know is really the key 142 years ago, so you may expect guidOur great challenge here in mortality, to our success. And now we ask the ance from a loving Heavenly Father.

then, is in the overcoming—the overcomquestion, "Who are those who know? The second authoritative source of

GOALS FOR YOUTH Victor L. Brown

of the Presiding Bishopric My dear brethren, I deem it a great such a large gathering of holders of the the history of the world. You are memhonor to be invited by President McKay Aaronic Priesthood in the history of the bers of that very small but select group

to speak to the body of the priesthood world, at least in this dispensation. And who have been granted the privilege

in this, the most widely attended priestit is to you young men that I would like of acting with authority in the name of hood meeting in the history of the to address my remarks tonight. Each God. He has such confidence and

Church. I feel the weight of such an one of you who holds the Aaronic trust in you that he has, through his

assignment and solicit an interest in Priesthood has been given one of the servants, granted you permission to use your faith and prayers that our Heavgreatest blessings that can come to manhis name. Now, I ask you, who in the

enly Father may bless us at this hour. kind. It is so great that it has been entire world do you have such trust in

It is unlikely that there has ever been bestowed on only a handful of men in that you would be willing to let them

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA correct counsel and guidance is availour young people and seek to guide them and prepare yourselves for Melchizedek able from the one you affectionately in the proper direction. And like dad, Priesthood opportunities tomorrow, I

refer to as "Dad."Dad, I hope the door the bishop should be a good listener, would quickly like to tell you a story.

is open for your boy. I hope the door too, with the wisdom of Solomon. It comes from faroff New Zealand, and

is open wide that he may seek counsel Now, young men, we have just talked it is one of the finest stories that I when it is required. I hope he can come about three good sources of counsel, and have heard in a long time. It concerns

to his dad and talk about vital matters I hope we do not go to the gang to a world champion.

without being embarrassed. I hope we get our counsel. I hope we do not go This world champion is Peter Snell,

dads are living closely enough to our to boys of our age who have not been who holds several world records, infamily situations that we may sense the over the trail, boys who have just heard, cluding the mile run. He set this record

appropriate time and place for a few but really don't know what to advise. just a few months ago. Do you know

minutes of kindly talk, and, incidentally Oh, they will always be quick to give how Peter Snell trains? Do you know

dads, lots of listening, lots of listening! advice, but it is not always the right what he goes through? He was telling

I think this is the key to effective counsource. You may even find a boy who a group of LDS people down in New

seling with our young people. We have is older than the rest, who may have Zealand just a few weeks ago that when

to do lots of listening. We have to have set himself up as somewhat of a he goes out to run, he does all of his

the full story before we can counsel chronometer. He may look impressive, running uphill, and then when he meets

properly. but, boys, let's depend on our Heavenly his competition on a flat track it seems

And boys, I want to tell you that you Father. Let's depend on dad, and let's like running downhill. Then he will

will never have a better friend in all look to the bishop for the counsel that go out and run in the sand, in the deep your lives than your dad, and don't you will be most effective in our lives. sand, and when he gets on a flat cinder

ever forget it. Communication—heartto-heart comtrack, he feels just as if his feet have

The third authoritative source is your munication! I wonder how much better wings on them. You will see Peter

wonderful bishop—one who has been off the world would be today if proper Snell out running on the wettest, most

ordained and set apart to be the father communication, not just words, but blustery, wintry day, and when you ask of his ward, and especially a friend to proper communication were taking place Peter Snell why he is out running on the Aaronic Priesthood boys and to girls where we feel the spirit of what is being such a day as this, his answer is, "The of corresponding age. said and receive the true interpretation? opposition is all home by the fire. Now

Bishop, are you too busy to counsel Then counseling could go on properly. I can get the edge on them."These are

with your young people? If you are too Men's minds would come to a common the thoughts of a champion.

busy, then the work load must be reunderstanding, and there would be Young men of the priesthood, tomororganized. How about assigning addipeace. row's challenge is great. Why don't you

tional jobs to your counselors? How We read in Proverbs: "Where no exert the effort to do some running in

about letting them carry some of the counsel is, the people fall: but in the the sand? Do a little plugging uphill,

other loads so you can free yourself multitude of counsellers there is safety."and work when it is not always confor the allimportant job of counseling (Prov. 11:14.) I am certain that the venient, when it might be a little stormy

with your young people at convenient Lord meant exactly what we are talking out; and I want to tell you young men,

and frequent intervals? about tonight when he refers to the you will be headed in the direction of a

When to interview? Always before a multitude of counselors—thousands of champion in the priesthood of your

boy is ordained or advanced in the dads, hundreds of bishops. Heavenly Father.

priesthood. Always at the end of every Now, young men of the Aaronic Brethren of the priesthood, I bear you

year as we evaluate the boy for another Priesthood, it takes determination—demy testimony that the gospel is true. I

Aaronic Priesthood award. And certermination to do the right thing at the know with all my heart it is true, and

tainly whenever needed as may be diright time. And so we as a Presiding I know for a surety that the boy Prophet

rected by the Spirit of our Heavenly Bishopric would admonish you tonight went into the grove; there he saw God

bishopFather. to out seek your your and dad this Son. his at the Father and I know

listen let appropriate the time them and bishops? we interview, How do We it here, as I just stand because as surely

I tell story, to to yourinterview the spirit you and want with of love, and this should be the entire purpose of that you will be guided in the right has been revealed to me in my heart, for that. grateful and I amevery should This be path. interview—love.

this I leave testimony with you in the factor.the underlying should There And, young men, as you have this

be no other source but love as we talk to determination to live your lives right name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

use your name almost at will? This, God."Lacordaire said, "Duty is the offerings; of the teacher to prepare the

then, is an honor of the greatest magnigrandest of ideas because it implies the Sacrament and to assist in ward teachtude, this priesthood which has been idea of God, of the soul, of liberty, of ing; and of the priest, to administer to

bestowed upon each of you young men. responsibility, of immortality."the Sacrament and to perform baptisms.

It is an established principle that It is about our responsibility and duty As important as these duties are, it with the acceptance of a great honor, to God, as holders of the Aaronic is not my intention to elaborate on one also accepts the responsibility that Priesthood, that I wish to speak this them, but rather to discuss the personal goes with it. Daniel Webster said, "The evening. We all know that it is the and intimate responsibilities which each

most important thought I ever had was duty of the deacon, among other things, of us has with our Heavenly Father, that of my individual responsibility to to pass the Sacrament and collect fast the responsibility of being the kind of

JUNE 1962 445 person he would like us to be. Somewe are to justify the trust the Lord has "If the achievement of life eternal

one has said that character is what you placed in us. The list is long, but here means to know God, and if to know him

are when you are alone with yourself are a few: means that we must keep his commandin the dark. Emerson said, "It is easy Truthfulness, honesty, integrity, dements, then certainly every one of us

to live after the world's opinion. It is pendability, industry, and courtesy. must be honest, true, virtuous, and

easy in solitude to live after our own; Of truthfulness, Jacob taught: "Wo chaste, and seek after every good thing.

but the great man is he who in the unto the liar, for he shall be thrust "The wave of dishonesty which is midst of the crowd, keeps with perfect down to hell."(2 Nephi 9:34.) Oliver sweeping the world is frightening insweetness the independence of solitude."Wendell Holmes had this to say: "Sin deed. How can the world be saved

There are many influences in the has many tools, but a lie is the handle in dishonesty? How can it continue to

world today which are undermining the which fits them all."In the Psalm of justify itself in fraud and cheating and

character of men. It often seems that David, he says: "He that worketh deceit lying? And yet it attempts to do so.

it is the smart thing to get as much as shall not dwell within my house: he "The air lines of the United States

we can for as little effort as possible. that telleth lies shall not tarry in my recently announced that they must disMore and more for less and less seems sight."(Psalm 101:7.) In Proverbs we continue their socalled youth fares (reto be the popular chant. There is a read: "Lying lips are an abomination to duced particularly for those of high

feeling that if you do something wrong the Lord: but they that deal truly are school and college age) because of

and get away with it and do not get his delight."(Proverbs 12:22.) fraudulent misuse on the part of many

caught, it is all right. Truthfulness is in very deed one of young people.

There is a trend in some areas of sothe foundation stones of true character. "Shoplifting, which involves women

ciety today toward intellectual disWithout it, a holder of the priesthood and children for the most part, now runs honesty. You will recall newspaper not only breaks his trust with the Lord, into more than thirty million dollars

accounts of the expose in the field of but he deceives himself and his fel- a year.

higher education where university stulow men. "Sixtyfive percent of the students in

dents paid someone else to take their Laveter had this to say about honesty: one high school reported that they cheat

examinations and then accepted their "He who purposely cheats his friend and can see no wrong in it.

diplomas as though they had earned would cheat his God."In a recent "Three quarters of a million special

them. You will remember the teleeditorial in the Church Section of the officers are employed in the United

vision quizshow scandals. A survey Deseret Neu>s-Salt Lake Telegram, we States to watch employees in large firms

was made after this expose, and an read the following: to attempt to prevent dishonest practices.

alarming number of those asked if it "In the magnificent prayer of the That number is twice as many as all the were wrong to mislead the public, felt Savior, as recorded in the Gospel of state and local police in the nation.

there was nothing wrong with it whatJohn, the Lord is quoted as having said "In one American city, police arrested soever. In some areas of our society, to His Father: And this is life eternal, 2,226 shoplifters in six months and rewinning for winning's sake seems a to know thee, the only true God, and covered nearly $70,000 worth of stolen

prime factor. These are but a few of Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.'merchandise. Half of these shoplifters

the characterdestroying influences in [John 17:3.] were children. Most of the others were

the world today. "John evidently had the same thing in housewives."

Now, what is our position as holders mind when he wrote in his first genAnd the article goes on to say:

of the Aaronic Priesthood? Where do eral epistle: And hereby do we know "Dishonesty is one of the signs of a

we stand on these and other moral that we know him, if we keep his comgreat let down in the moral fibre of the issues? Are we men of honor? If so, mandments. He that saith, I know him, nation. It is also a sign—a dreadfulwhat kind of young men are we, really? and keepeth not his commandments, is one—that many men and women and

Let me outline for you some of the a liar, and the truth is not in him.'boys and girls no longer regard their

traits of character which are basic if [1 John 2:3-4] Christian religion as a way of life, but

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESPONSIBILITY

John H. Vandenberg

Presiding Bishop My dear brethren, it is an honor to "I owe my gratitude to just about the you do.'... This is something you

meet with you tonight in this great asfinest, wellcultured, and intellectual don't see in other churches....

sembly of the priesthood of the Church. gentlemen.... They graciously in- "The Aaronic Priesthood conducted

I am very grateful for my two great vited themselves into my home and the Sacrament... which was so pure

counselors who have helped me so much explained the Mormons.... I just had with delight followed by the separation

in this new assignjment that has come to go to Church with them on the folto classes. At this time the elders led

to me. lowing Sunday. The book on how me to the adult class.... Here is where

Sometime ago a letter came to my Joseph Smith tells his own story was I accumulated knowledge in one half desk written by a woman investigator so outstanding, with great love of God hour that I did not know in a lifetime which carried with it a great deal of for each and every human being, that of fifty years....

enthusiasm and testimony, and I would my knowledge of religion certainly "I also enjoyed the opening prayer like to share with you tonight the folbroadened just by meeting these two... which put a dent in my mind that

lowing excerpts from this letter. Her elders.... these are a group of people that have to

salutation was this: "On entering the Church I was so be made more known in our United

astonished to see how many young peoStates of America....

"My dearest Father Bishopric: ple of today are attending church, and "Again I say how happy I was to

"You are going to be rather surprised especially thrilled to see how the young attend services in your Mormon Latterto hear from me, but I attended Sunday mothers bring their lovely children.... day Saint Church, and how mighty

services of The Church of Jesus Christ The thing that touched me deeply is proud the mission must be of the elders.

of Latterday Saints today and was so how the elders or brothers were so They are an inspiration that many inspired.... anxious just to be able to say, 'How do mothers and fathers today can learn

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rather as something to be ignored, or the Lord has placed in you? The answer of character which speaks of refinement,

at most to be used in intellectual exeris obviously no. of thoughtfulness, of consideration, of

cise only. Now, as to integrity: Integrity is that kindness and love, the little things

"Honesty must not be considered as great quality of the soul that embodies which President McKay has so often a policy only, although it is all of that. both honesty and truthfulness. reminded us of—"thank you,""if you

It must be regarded as a principle of Simon said this of integrity. "Integrity please,""I beg your pardon."Courtesy,

life, part and parcel of the daily conduct is the first step to true greatness. Men which is consideration for others, is a

of each individual. love to praise, but are slow to practice true mark of a gentleman.

"If we are to consider ourselves as it. To maintain it in high places costs Now, young men of the Aaronic

followers of the Christ, we must do as selfdenial. In all places it is liable to Priesthood, what is your position as

the Savior says—keep his commandopposition, but its end is glorious, and holders of the Aaronic Priesthood? Are

ments. the universe will yet do it homage."you men of honor? Is the trust the

"How often must he tell us: Thou Add to truthfulness, honesty and integLord has placed in you justified? These

shalt not lie? rity—dependability—that quality where principles we have discussed are just a

"How frequently must he say: Thou one's word is as good as his bond. few of the many that go to make up

shalt not steal? What a wonderful thing it would be the foundation of character. If we

"Will we soon forget that we must not for every young man to say to his truly love the Lord, we will make thembear false witness—in anything? Not in bishop that he would do something for a part of our lives.

making a sale, nor in representing him and then do it. The man who is I want to bear you my testimony that

values, nor in telling the ages of our not dependable is of little worth, no the President of all the priesthood in children, nor in using other people's matter what his talents might be. the world is a prophet of the Living

property? And what of industry? Cumberland God. I know this with all my heart;

"Without honesty, there is no inhas said, "It is better to wear out than my Heavenly Father has made it known tegrity. rust out."And we gain this from to me, no one else. I am so grateful

"Without integrity there is no charRuskin: "Though you may have known for the wonderful blessing that has come

acter. clever men who were indolent, you never to me to be under his influence, the

"Without character there is no godhave known a great man who was so."greatest blessing that has come in my

liness. When I hear a young man spoken of life. His life embodies all of these vir-

"Without godliness there is no salvaas giving promise of great genius, the tues we have been talking about and tion in the kingdom of God. first question I ask about him always is: many more. He is the most wonderful

"As Latterday Saints, we live in the "Does he work?"man in this world today. He is so huworld, but as was the case with the Lucy E. Keller tells this story: man, so kind, so thoughtful, and he has

ancient Saints, we need not be of the "'Auntie,'said a gentleman who had such a wonderful sense of humor. I am

world, nor partake of the sins and just learned that the youngest son of his sure he will forgive me if I just tell you blemishes of Babylon. colored cook, had been appointed one short story. After giving a report

"Zion is the pure in heart. If we stenographer to a large manufacturer, to the First Presidency on a rather unare to be a part of Zion, then let us 'tell me how you have brought up your pleasant problem we were experiencing,

be as honest and true as God expects us children so that each one of them has President McKay's response was this:

to be. become so good and useful a man.''Oh, "Well, I guess a dog's got to have a

"Hereby do we know that we know honey,'was the reply, 'that's nothing. few fleas or he wouldn't know he was

him: if we keep his commandments."I hadn't no education, and I could only a dog."

End of quote. teach them three things. Just three May the Lord bless you, may you hon-

I ask Now, you priesthood things young their I taught or prayers them was priesthood, your keep your may you "bearers: in Can you be disany way trust and their to work.'manners and I with Father, your Heavenly pray

honest without breaking this great trust Now, at last, courtesy—that quality in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

the message from God to his children and called to the ministry of the Savior. more than 100,000 over twentyone who

to make this a better world to live in One cannot help feeling the warmth of may be working to qualify themselves like God intended it to be."the Spirit as he contemplates the great to receive the blessings of the MelAs I read this thrilling letter, I thought Aaronic Priesthood work of this Church. chizedek Priesthood.

what a great blessing to the elders'Tonight I cannot help thinking of I have been thinking of their wives, parents and to those missionaries, almore than 237,000 living men and boys their sons, their daughters, and their though they are unaware of the great who have the privilege of bearing the future. We realize that some of these

spiritual lift that they gave to Aaronic Priesthood. Obviously our mature brethren who bear the Aaronic

this woman. As the woman stated, "I thoughts are turned toward them bePriesthood have again become active,

owe my gratitude to just about the cause of the great responsibility that faithful, and devoted members of the finest, wellcultured, and intellectual follows the offices of the Presiding Church in order to achieve their goal.

gentlemen."I wondered what greater Bishopric which have been placed upon We also realize that many are recent

honor could there be than to be so us. converts to the Church who are working

highly esteemed by one's neighbors. This great body of Aaronic Priesthood, toward their ordination to the MelNo doubt this experience is happenunder and over twentyone years of age, chizedek Priesthood. These brethren

ing time and time again the world over. becomes our charge, and we feel the are anxiously waiting for the day when

Then to think that these missionaries impact of this responsibility very keenly. they may enter a temple of the Lord

came from the ranks of the Aaronic While my counselors were talking to receive their endowments and sealPriesthood, having faithfully served about the more than 100,000 young men ings through the Holy Melchizedek until they became eligible to be orunder twentyone bearing the Aaronic Priesthood. We pray that all of these

dained to the Melchizedek Priesthood Priesthood, my thoughts turned to the may continue to enjoy the warmth of

JUNE 1962 447 fellowship in the priesthood without As we speak to you young men, we 'Good friend, on the path I have come,'any interruption. But knowing as I do speak also to your leaders, calling to he said,

that there are some who are dormant, their minds the challenging responsibili- 'There followeth after me today

I must confess that we will not be ties of meeting your needs for spiritual A youth whose feet will pass this way.

contented until we reason with them, growth and stability, that there may be "'This stream, which has been as until we hold out the hand of fellowno structural weaknesses in your faith, naught to me, ship, until we assure them that the your integrity, and your devotion. To that fairhaired boy may a pitfall

Lord calls to them, "Cast away from To emphasize the responsibilities of be;

you all your transgressions, whereby ye leadership of boys, we recall the words He, too, must cross in the twilight dim transgressed; friend, A. you this of the Dromgoole: building bridgehave a new and make Good poetess W. "I am will ye forheart him.'and for why a new spirit:

the Bridge Building for Him..die,. give Leaders to the heed of words

"For I have no pleasure in the death "An old man, traveling a lone highway, Paul to the Corinthians: "For if the

of him that dieth, saith the Lord God: Came at the evening cold and gray trumpet give an uncertain sound, who

wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye."To a chasm deep and wide. shall prepare himself to the battle?"

(Ezekiel 18:3132.) (1 Corinthians 14:8.)

These brethren and their families "The old man crossed in the twilight You are the trumpeters to the youth are precious in the sight of God. He dim, who are listening for certain sounds

loves them, and we love them. But For the sullen stream held no fears for positive, unwavering teachings, examtheir lives need a "new heart and a new him. ples—a steady beam to guide them in

spirit"so that they will perpetuate no But he turned when he reached the preparation for a useful life of service regrets of the lost opportunities of other side, in the dignity of the priesthood. If we,

yesterday. And builded a bridge to span the tide. the trumpeters, do not guard our actions,

set Bishop While not Simpson and Bishop worthy examlanguage—do

speaking, also "'Old man,'cried a fellow pilgrim near, were canBrown then expect our we my thoughts ourples—how

turned to the special invitation extended 'You are wasting your strength with young men to prepare themselves "to by the First Presidency to all young building here; the battle,"battle against wrongdoing

men who bear the Aaronic Priesthood Your journey will end with the ending the battle they fight every day of their to attend this great priesthood meeting. day, lives?

We feel confident that if our eyes could And you never again will pass this way. Now, young men, may we say to

travel over the closed circuit wires and you, responsibility is a twoway street.

peer into the multitude of gathering "'You have crossed the chasm deep and One cannot give unless there is someplaces, our hearts would swell with joy wide. one to receive. Your stake president,

at the great numbers who have honored Why build you a bridge at eventide?'stake committee, bishoprics, general sectheir priesthood by responding to this And the builder raised his old gray retaries, quorum advisers, and auxiliary

call. head: leaders are spending more time, giving

HONOR THE PRIESTHOOD

President Hugh B. Brown

of the First Presidency My dear brethren, always when charged Priesthood—in fact of all the Priesthood "How long shall thy hand be stayed,with the responsibility of appearing beof the Church—is the President of the and thine eye, yea thy pure eye, behold

fore the people of the Church and Church. He presides here tonight, and from the eternal heavens the wrongs of

especially before the priesthood, I am I conduct under his direction. He is thy people and of thy servants, and thine

conscious of my inadequacy, and ever an ideal model, an exemplar to all of ear be penetrated with their cries?

desirous of securing the guidance of my us. He often quotes, and in his life "Yea, O Lord, how long shall they

Heavenly Father as I attempt to serve. exemplifies, the admonition of Isaiah: suffer these wrongs and unlawful opBecause of the things that have hap- "... be ye clean, that bear the vessels pressions, before thine heart shall be

pened to me in recent months, I have of the Lord."(Isaiah 52:11.) softened toward them, and thy bowels

been searching my heart in an attempt I shall not detain you long because be moved with compassion toward to find justification for the Lord's good- I know from whom you wish to hear. I them?"(D&C 121:1-3.)

ness to me. Certainly we are all blessed should like, however, to make a few And the Lord answered, with the

beyond our merits, which fact should observations on the responsibility of all understanding born of experience:

keep us humble and grateful. whom God has honored by permitting "My son, peace be unto thy soul;

I recommend to all, not only the them to act for him. There is need for thine adversity and thine afflictions

young men holding the Aaronic Priestcourage and constancy in the midst of shall be but a small moment;

hood, but to those holding the Melperilous and ominous world conditions. "And then, if thou endure it well, God

chizedek Priesthood, that when the As I read of the Prophet Joseph Smith shall exalt thee on high; thou shalt

excellent talks given tonight by the in Liberty Jail, I am inspired by the triumph over all thy foes."(Ibid.,

Presiding Bishopric are published, they courage and faith which enabled him to 121:7-8.)

read and apply their timely instructions. carry on in spite of persistent and bitter In the 121st section of the Doctrine

I certainly congratulate the Bishopric on persecution throughout his lifetime. and Covenants we have one of the most

their thorough preparation and the inWhen in Liberty Jail, where he spent beautiful of all revelations:

spiration of their addresses. They have many months in 183839, he felt that "Behold, there are many called, but

spoken directly, of course, to the Lesser he had suffered about all that mortal few are chosen. And why are they not

Priesthood, because that is their special man could endure. In an inspired apchosen?

charge. peal he prayed: "Because their hearts are set so much

You men, most of you here, and many "O God, where art thou? And where upon the things of this world, and aspire

listening in, know that the man who is the pavilion that covereth thy hiding to the honors of men, that they do not stands at the head of the Melchizedek place? learn this one lesson

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA more thought and prayer to your "cause "And in the way of truth rejoice, 8. To attend all your meetings and

than ever before. They are the ones And sing for joy aloud. put into practice the lessons you learn

who give, and you are the ones who at those meetings.

receive. We urge you to receive well, "We've found the way the prophets went Now, to the fathers, we solicit and

to qualify for the tasks to come. You Who lived in days of yore; encourage your full cooperation. It is

cannot expect success without prepaso much easier to help your sons reach ration. "Another prophet now is sent the goal when we and they know of

James A. Garfield said: "Young men This knowledge to restore."your full support. The place of the

talk of trusting to the spur of the occafather in the home, and his responsision. They trust in vain. Occasion The inspiration and revelation of God bilities to his family, are clearly defined

cannot make spurs. If you expect to come through his prophets to direct the in the words of President Lorenzo Snow,

wear spurs you must win them. If you destiny of this Church. You young men and I quote: "... if you ever secure a

wish to use them you must buckle them belong to that Church—the greatest union in any family in Zion, if you ever

to your own heels before you go into organization for good in all the world. secure that heavenly union which is

the fight."Membership carries with it great renecessary to exist there, you have got to

We think you should know that once sponsibilities, but not greater than you bind that family together in one, and each week it is our privilege as the can carry on your young, strong shoulthere has got to be the Spirit of the Lord

Presiding Bishopric to receive counsel ders. You are young, but, as bearers in the head of that family, and he

from the First Presidency on all matters of the Aaronic Priesthood, you are should possess that light and that inpertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood expected to: telligence, which, if carried out in the

work of the Church. Through this asso- 1. Discipline yourselves to do that daily life and conduct of those indiciation and direction, the blessings of which is right. viduals, will prove the salvation of that

the Aaronic Priesthood program flow 2. To be close to your father and family, for he holds their salvation in

out to the whole Church. Also you mother and give heed to their counsel. his hands."(]D 4:243.)

should know that on frequent occasions, 3. To pray to God and to give thanks Now, we should all ever keep before

the Presiding Bishopric meet with the to him for his blessings. us that sacred moment in Nephite hisgeneral priesthood committee of the 4. To sustain the ward, stake, and tory when Jesus was giving his last

Church to coordinate all our efforts in General Authorities—attesting thereto instructions to the twelve disciples:

your behalf. by your actions. "... Therefore, what manner of men

As I observe the prophets, seers, and 5. To cultivate a pure heart and a ought ye to be? Verily I say unto you,

revelators of the Church in council clean mind. even as I am."(3 Nephi 27:27.)

meetings, I think of the words which 6. To fill every assignment willingly. I bear testimony to the truthfulness

Joseph J. Daynes set to music: 7. To refuse to participate in any of this great work, and I pray our Heavaction or conversation which would ofenly Father to bless the great priesthood

"Come, listen to a prophet's voice, fend the dignity of the priesthood you of this Church, and I do it in the name

And hear the word of God, bear. of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

"That the rights of the priesthood are We must cleanse and purify our Lord to the men who hold the priestinseparably connected with the powers bodies and souls, and try to be worthy hood, telling us how to honor it, how of heaven, and that the powers of to be called the sons of God and to hold to officiate under it, warning all against heaven cannot be controlled nor handled the Holy Priesthood. I read on: unrighteous dominion. I should like

only upon the principles of right- "No power or influence can or ought to say to you fathers tonight that our eousness. to be maintained by virtue of the priestconduct in our homes determines in

"That they may be conferred upon us, hood, only by persuasion, by longlarge measure our worthiness to hold it is true; but when we undertake to suffering, by gentleness and meekness, and exercise the priesthood, which is the

cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, and by love unfeigned; power of God delegated to man. Almost

our vain ambition, or to exercise control "By kindness, and pure knowledge, any man can make a good showing or dominion or compulsion upon the which shall greatly enlarge the soul when on parade before the public, butsouls of the children of men, in any without hypocrisy, and without guile—one's integrity is tested when "off duty."

degree of unrighteousness, behold, the (Ibid., 121:4142.) The real man is seen and known in the

heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit "Let thy bowels also be full of charcomparative solitude of the home. An

of the Lord is grieved; and when it is ity towards all men, and to the houseoffice or title will not erase a fault nor

withdrawn, Amen to the priesthood or hold of faith, and let virtue garnish thy guarantee a virtue.

the authority of that man."(Ibid., thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy

121:3437.) confidence wax strong in the presence "True worth is in being, not seeming,

Brethren of the priesthood, let us of God; and the doctrine of the priestIn doing each day that goes by,

never exercise unrighteous dominion. Let hood shall distil upon thy soul as the Some little good, not in the dreaming,

us honor the priesthood in our own dews from heaven. Of great things to do bye and bye.

homes, in our attitudes toward our wives "The Holy Ghost shall be thy conand children, for there as elsewhere stant companion, and thy scepter an "Whatever men say in their blindness, "when [the Spirit] is withdrawn, Amen unchanging scepter of righteousness and And in spite of the fancies of youth, to the priesthood or the authority of truth; and thy dominion shall be an There's nothing so Kingly as kindness,

that man."The Spirit will not always everlasting dominion, and without comAnd nothing so Royal as truth."

strive with man, but we should always pulsory means it shall flow unto thee strive to retain his Spirit in our homes, forever and ever."(Ibid., 121:4546.) Let us never, in the words of the 37th

in our businesses, in all that we under- I never tire of reading or hearing this verse of this section of the Doctrine and take to do. scripture, for it is the direct word of the Covenants "... undertake to cover our

JUNE 1962 449 sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain over us, but also toward those over has not changed since that time.

ambition, or to exercise control or whom and with whom we preside. Let But, brethren, beware that you do not

dominion or compulsion upon the souls us preside with kindness, consideration, become extremists on either side. The

of the children of men, in any degree of and love. degree of a man's aversion to comunrighteousness,..."(Ibid., 121:37.) Now, brethren, we who are assembled munism may not always be measured

The late President Joseph F. Smith tonight here and in 320 other places by the noise he makes in going about

wrote, "There is no office growing out should form a great bulwark against and calling everyone a communist who of this Priesthood that is or can be communism and its attendant evils. disagrees with his personal political

greater than the Priesthood itself. It is The efficiency of our opposition to them bias. There is no excuse for members

from the Priesthood that the office dedepends upon the way we honor our of this Church, especially men who hold rives its authority and power. No office priesthood and place ourselves in a posithe priesthood, to be opposing one angives authority to the Priesthood. No tion to seek and obtain God's help in other over communism; we are all unoffice adds to the power of the Priestfighting evil. Communism is of the alterably opposed to it, but we must be

hood, but all offices in the Church devil. Communism started when the united in our fight against it. Let us

derive their power, their virtue, their devil was cast out of heaven because of not undermine our government or accuse authority, from the Priesthood. The his rebelling against the will of his those who hold office of being soft on

President of the Church carries on as Father that men should have their free communism. Furthermore, our chapels

President by virtue of his Priesthood."agency. Satan and his emissaries would and meetinghouses should not be made

And now to you brethren who prerob men of their priceless freedom. We available to men who seek financial

side in the Church, I should like to say do not wish tonight to enter into a gain or political advantage by destroying ina it is faith of evil, stakes, of long discussion this presidents our elected but the officials under of guise of of word—presidentsmissions, bishops that fighting the that wards, Let selfChurch communism. know all men all who well

preside in any capacity—we urge you and the leaders of the Church stand appointed protectors of our freedom

to recognize and use your counselors. squarely against communism. finance their own schemes. We call

You will notice through all the organTo emphasize this I refer to what upon the priesthood of the Church to ization of the Church our Father in President Grant, President Clark, and stand together with a solid front against heaven has provided that each presiding President McKay wrote sometime ago: everything that would rob men of their

officer shall have two counselors. We "The Church does not interfere, and Godgiven freedom.

regret that occasionally we hear of a has no intention of trying to interfere I leave again my testimony with you stake president, a mission president, with the fullest and freest exercise of the that I know that God lives and that a bishop or some presiding officer, who political franchise of its members, under Jesus is the Christ. From the center of

arrogates to himself the honors which and within our Constitution.... my heart I bear witness to that fact and

belong to the office he holds, who pre- "But Communism is not a political that Joseph the Prophet was ordained sides in a "one man"dictatorial way, party nor a political plan under the and set apart and called as the leader forgetting his counselors, neglecting to Constitution; it is a system of governof this great dispensation. I bear witcounsel with them, and thereby assumment that is the opposite of our Conness to the fact that our beloved Presiing all the honors of the presidency 02 stitutional government, and it would be dent today holds all the keys and

bishopric and taking upon himself all necessary to destroy our Government authority given to Joseph Smith and the responsibility for decisions in which before Communism could be set up in that he is the mouthpiece of God on his counselors should share. There is the United States."earth today. We honor and sustain him.

wisdom and safety in counsel. Honor I wish you would read the rest of it God help you brethren and all of us

those with whom and over whom you yourselves and see what the stand of the to remain true to the end, true to God, preside. That we honor the priesthood First Presidency was at that time, and true to our country and its institutions,

and the offices in it applies not only to I think I can authoritatively say to you and true to the truth, I pray in the name our attitudes toward those who preside that the position of the First Presidency of Jesus Christ. Amen.

"WHERE YOUR TREASURE IS"President Henry D. Moyle

of the First Presidency Brethren, it is good to be here. When bundles go to the burning if they will many souls—let our place be in the

we are in the Church, and members of not repent, but as for us, we, with all Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday it, we belong to the body of Christ, we are and with all we have, should Saints, in the order of the Holy Priestand there is no need for us to go outside be in this Church in body and in spirit, hood, and We have no need to join other of it for anything in the world. I think in every capacity, and there should be orders to take away part of our time,

that is just what President Brown has no need and no desire on our part to go part of our influence, and part of our said in more forceful language. outside of the strait and narrow way, means and to hinder us from devoting

"We have no need to dabble in the the only way which leads to the presourselves entirely to the work of the things of the world; we have no need ence of the Eternal Father and to the Lord....

to join other organizations, that are gift of eternal life.... "Oh, my brethren and sisters, why

antagonistic to or out of harmony with "We have no need of anything else. waste your time, your talents, your

this Church.... In the troubles that are coming—for the means, your influence in following

"We will serve the Lord! Let the dyworld is menaced now with troubles and something that will perish and pass

ing world go to its grave if it will. Let strife and division which will bring away, when you could devote yourselves

the wicked that are being bound in misery and sorrow and destruction to to a thing that will stand forever? For

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this Church and kingdom, to which you be also"(ibid., 6:21) should be inscribed effectively than to turn the hearts of the

belong, will abide and continue in time, on our banner as we march forward as children of men in the world to the in eternity, while endless ages roll along, an army to call the world to repentance eternal truths of the gospel promulgated and you with it will become mightier and to teach them faith in God and in by our great missionary force of upwards and more powerful; while the things his son Jesus Christ and obedience to of 11,000 missionaries, scattered in sixtyof this world will pass away and perish, the principles of light and knowledge four missions in the world?

and will not abide in nor after the and understanding restored to the earth You will remember two years ago we resurrection, saith the Lord our God."through the Prophet Joseph Smith in suggested at our Saturday night priest-

(Pres. Charles W. Penrose, Conference these latter days. hood meeting that we might well double

Report, June 1919, pp. 3637.) The Savior said: "Whosoever therethe 6,000 fulltime missionaries whom

In the payment of our tithes and our fore shall break one of these least comwe then had in the mission field. We

offerings we have an opportunity to mandments, and shall teach men so, want to commend you brethren on show better than in any other way our he shall be called the least in the kinghaving almost fully satisfied this redevotion to God, our desire to help in dom of heaven: but whosoever shall do quest. We express to you brethren

the building of his Church and kingand teach them, the same shall be called throughout the Church your right and dom here upon this earth and to thus great in the kingdom of heaven."prerogative to be happy as we are happy,

testify most emphatically to the truth. (Matthew 5:19.) with the results which you have accomWe will become mightier and more "... Inasmuch as ye shall keep my plished in your wards and stakes and

powerful in our own right in direct commandments, ye shall prosper in the missions and branches throughout the proportion to the service and contribuland. And again it is said that: InasChurch.

tion we make to strengthen the Church. much as ye will not keep my commandThere is a definite tendency in the

I further bear witness to the fact that ments ye shall be cut off from the presChurch to increase the tithes as missionwe consider the things of this world of ence of the Lord."(See Alma 9:13.) ary activity is increased. These are

no lasting concern, for we know that To the extent that it is my prerogative complementary responsibilities. It is

they will pass away and perish, and so to do, I charge all who hold the priestaxiomatic that the more we do for the as President Penrose says, "will not hood in the Church not only to pay Church the greater is our desire and abide in nor after the resurrection."The their tithing but also to be diligent in our capacity and capability.

Savior said: preaching the law of tithing to the The time when it was necessary to

"Lay not up for yourselves treasures membership of the Church. We cannot explain the whys and wherefores of

upon earth, where moth and rust doth teach effectively that which we do not tithing, if it ever existed, is long since corrupt, and where thieves break through live, or putting it in other words, our past. There is planted in the heart of

and steal: example is far more powerful than our every convert to the Church and to

"But lay up for yourselves treasures precept. everyone born in the Church into homes

in heaven, where neither moth nor rust In 1961 there were added to the where the gospel is lived and taught, a doth corrupt, and where thieves do not Church 88,802 converts baptized in the knowledge of the place that the payment break through nor steal: stakes and foreign missions. This unof tithes should take in our lives.

"For where your treasure is, there will precedented growth demands an unpreceLet us go forward and demonstrate your heart be also."(Matthew 6:1921.) dented expenditure in the year 1962. We to the Lord our ability to take care of

In the record we have of Christ's are under obligation to the Lord to make as many converts year by year as are

Sermon on the Mount, we, no doubt, the full program of the Church availtouched by his Spirit and thus spiritually come closer to finding the actual teachable to all these converts as near as converted to the truths of the gospel.

ings of Christ expressed as accurately, if possible, that they might be fully fellowIn the 119th section of the Doctrine not more accurately, than in any other shiped in the Church. How could the and Covenants, as you know, the Lord

place in the whole Bible. "For where Lord demonstrate to us his desire to have tells us that the purpose of tithing is

your treasure is, there will your heart us do our part more forcibly or more "For the building of mine house, and for the laying of the foundation of Zion and support missionary work and the and by mine own voice unto them, saith and for the priesthood, and for the dehts auxiliary organizations, etc., financially the Lord. Even so. Amen."(D&C 120.)

of the Presidency of my Church."as well as otherwise, and do so with To this end were the brethren unani-

(D&C 119:2.) continually increased enthusiasm and mously sustained by the general con-

I want to take this opportunity of satisfaction. ference yesterday afternoon.

stating to the priesthood of the Church We know that there are some errors Brother Talmage in his Articles of that this is exactly the use to which the and some mistakes. Where we adminFaith wrote: "It is evident, that while

entire tithes of the Church are put. ister the Lord's work and seek to bring no specific penalty for neglect of the

There is no tithepayer upon the earth about his purposes on the earth, I can law of tithing is recorded, the proper that need be seriously concerned with guarantee to the membership of the observance of the requirement was rewhat happens to his tithing. The tithes Church, that there is never a conscious garded as a sacred duty. In the course

of the Church are distributed for the error or mistake made. I cannot conof the reformation by Hezekiah, the

building of houses of worship, for the ceive of greater security than to have people manifested their repentance by building and maintenance of temples, these matters pass through the hands an immediate payment of tithes; and so

for the maintenance of missions, wards, of the committee on the disposition of liberally did they give that a great and stakes, genealogical work, schools, the tithes, consisting of the First Presisurplus accumulated, observing which, institutes and seminaries, hospitals, care dency, the Quorum of the Twelve, and Hezekiah inquired as to the source of of the needy, the expense and maintethe Presiding Bishopric. The Lord has such plenty: 'And Azariah the chief

nance of the presiding quorums of the conferred upon these quorums of the priest of the house of Zadok answered priesthood, the housing of the general priesthood, the Quorum of The First him, and said, Since the people began boards of the auxiliary organizations, Presidency, the Quorum of the Twelve, to bring the offerings into the house of and in every other way laying the and the Quorum of the Presiding Bishthe Lord, we have had enough to eat, foundation of Zion. Be it said to the opric to distribute the tithes and income and have left plenty: for the Lord hath

credit of the auxiliary organizations of the Church, and this they do unaniblessed his people; and that which is left

they pretty well take care of all of their mously, and the Lord adds, "... and by is this great store.'Nehemiah took care

own expenses. Those of us who are mine own voice....""Verily, thus to regulate the procedure in tithepaying;

charged with the responsibility of dissaith the Lord, the time is now come, and both Amos and Malachi admontributing the tithes and income of the that it shall be disposed of by a ished the people because of their neglect

Church pay our own tithes to the Lord council, composed of the First Presiof this duty. Through the prophet last

in full, as well as make our contribudency of my Church, and of the bishop named, the Lord charged the people tions to fast offerings, building funds, and his council, and by my high council; with having robbed him; but promised

PREPARING YOUNG MEN FOR

THE PRIESTHOOD President David 0. McKay

My beloved brethren, we have had a presidents and bishops is more of a ing, a blessing which too few of us in glorious hour. The message of the Prereminder than of reproof. our Church fully realize, and in order

siding Bishopric to the young people As people come to conference somethat that realization might become more was just what we had in mind when times a day or two early to go to the prized, our bishops should teach the "Priesthood"was made the theme of temple while it is open, not a few bring young man who is recommended to rethis meeting. We have all been inincomplete recommends. Of such this ceive the Aaronic Priesthood what the

spired by the remarks of those who have year there has been an unusually large ordination to the Aaronic Priesthood spoken and by the singing of these men number. Some bishops seem to be getting means. You who were present at the

from the Tabernacle Choir. careless again. The recommends are inspirational meeting last evening in

When President Brown referred to the faulty for such reasons as: (1) no indithis building saw on the screen a bishop

121st section of the Doctrine and Covecation of ordinances for which they interviewing a young man twelve years nants, I think he omitted purposely, come; (2) bishops have not indicated of age in the presence of happy parbecause of time, one passage which I approval with their initials as instructed; ents. There was a lesson for the entire

wish to repeat: (3) signature of stake president is often Church.

"Reproving betimes with sharpness, omitted—holders of recommends say It is not sufficient just to present his

when moved upon by the Holy they did not know the stake president's name for approval in the meeting of and be interviewed the ward. the recommend; He should is signature must be on..."—that limiting clause

the beginning previously of age from children taught for betimesvery (4) no recommendsGhost; significant—"Reproving

with sharpness,"not because of selfishto be baptized, for sealing to parents by the bishop. I shall ever cherish in

ness, not because of any personal those who are over eight should come memory our appreciation for Bishop antipathy, not because of personality, with a recommend, and because they Edward E. Olson of Ogden Fourth Ward

but "when moved upon hy the Holy are worthy and are going to be sealed who came into our house and interGhost; and then showing forth afteryou let them come without a recommend. viewed our son Llewelyn, who sits in

wards an increase of love toward him Correction of faulty recommends is this audience tonight, and asked him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem expensive. Pressure of time and circumabout his willingness to receive the

thee to be his enemy;"(D&C 121:43. stances are embarrassing to the people, Priesthood of Aaron, and gave him inItalics added.) You may search through and sometimes results in their having structions accordingly.

pedagogies, theories of teachings in vain, to be disappointed and delayed. A bishop should teach the young man

and find no passage that will compare A hint to the wise is sufficient. who is recommended to receive the

with that in governing people. In conclusion, let me say that just Aaronic Priesthood what the ordination

What I am now going to say to stake the holding of the priesthood is a blessto the priesthood means, not just pre452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them blessings beyond their capacity inspiring to think back on the treCovenants. Therein we find the greatto receive if they would return to their mendous change in the lives of the est insurance policy known to man. Our

allegiance: 'Will a man rob God? Yet membership of the Church as the Lord payment of the premium on this policy

ye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherehas blessed us and raised us up from the works no hardship upon any of us.

in have we robbed thee? In tithes and former days of dire poverty and distress, With its payment our eternal salvation

offerings. Ye are cursed with a curse: when every service the Saints rendered and exaltation is all but assured.

for ye have robbed me, even this whole was a tremendous sacrifice compared For fear I didn't say it as emphatically nation. Bring ye all the tithes into the with the prosperity and the free time as I desired to in the beginning, I want

storehouse, that there may be meat in we now enjoy to spend as we see fit. to say that every day, every week, every

mine house, and prove me now herewith, I am sure it can be truthfully said that month, every year increase the ensaid the Lord of hosts, if I will not open it entails no serious case of sacrifice for thusiasm of these brethren who are you the windows of heaven, and pour us to do and accomplish all that the charged with the responsibility to pay today. shall blessing, that there not Lord have us do would out ayou tithing, their to inand constantly own

..'it.. that the Lord has in to receive all know enoughbe room their crease contributions We to the Church

"In the present dispensation the law very deed "opened up the windows of because of the consciousness they have of tithing has been given a place of heaven and poured out a blessing that of the direction which comes from God great importance, and particular blessthere shall not be room enough to rein performing this most sacred trust.

ings have been promised for its faithful ceive everything the Lord would have God help us, my brethren, that we observance. This day has been called it do."(See Malachi 3:10.) The priestmight go forth from this conference toby the Lord a day of sacrifice, and a hood of the Church must do its part so night and bring into the storehouse of

day for the tithing of my people; for that even in the days of prosperity we the Lord the means by which this

he that is tithed shall not be burned. In may humble ourselves in our service Church can grow and develop and serve

a revelation given through the Prophet to the Lord and our fellow men. This all of the righteous people of the world

Joseph Smith, July 8, 1838, the Lord is the only insurance we have against who are touched by the Spirit of the souls, explicitly set riches forth to permitting canker our ourhas His requirement of the Ghost, the power Holy Holy it us,of (Articles in this harvest said of the matter."people to have and "The

to Ghost, themselves bapand submit is is past, chapter the ended, Faith, 24, 436437.) and summerof my

Elder Talmage brings to our attention soul is not saved!"(D&C 56:16.) tism by immersion for the remission

that once upon a time the main concern I commend to the priesthood of the of sins, and by the laying upon of of the house of Israel was to have plenty Church the reading of the 56th and hands to receive the Holy Ghost, I pray in store to eat. It is stimulating and 104th sections of the Doctrine and in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

sent his name, I repeat, in council in been set apart, not because of any pride, of because thatthe to rule any desire he not teach him when ward—but unROADS OF THE WORLD

is righteously, expected is given the priesthood superibut because of moral he to be above, not in pride and haughtiority. They are good citizens, and any BY DELLA ADAMS LEITNER

ness, but in moral standards above his bishop who profanes the name of God fellows. in the presence of others dishonors his

Specifically, his playmates may swear, priesthood. It is his duty to teach the They lead—they beckon on to prombut he cannot do so with impunity. young man from the time he is a deaised ends;

Some may even take the name of God con, through being a teacher and priest, Highway or country lane or forest in vain. A man of the priesthood cannot the responsibility of true citizenship in path,

do that when he receives the obligation the kingdom of God. Snow trails or mountain tracks where

to render service to others, as a repreWe are justified in being proud of our cattle wend, sentative of Jesus Christ. He who takes young men and young women. Some They hold a lure, a visioned afterthe name of God in vain dishonors his fail us, yes. Some of the children of math.

priesthood. our Father in heaven failed him. They

Others may neglect their duties. had a right to choose. They had their Vibrant with memory of those gone

Others may make fun of their teachers free agency, and some of them chose to before, in fallen the school. folone, are day they and Others break winfollow may hope With of new delights, entoday. lowingdows, the also but of bearer him the our have priesthood We trancing views;

gift, It is those free agency, a things.cannot Godgiven do and some the bishop's duty to teach them good citizenship choose unwisely to follow pleasure and O roads, you seem to speak, and

and their duties in the priesthood. indulgence rather than the persistence more and more

Then the bishop will also follow simiand effort to rise above that which You shape the world's great future lar teachings when the deacon is worthy is low and mean into the realm of as men use to be ordained a teacher, and the teacher spirituality.

to be ordained a priest. With such What I am saying is that to hold And follow on to blaze new ways

teaching and training young men eighthe priesthood is an individual blessing, ahead teen years of age, and young women of but it requires, it demands, righteous For others following where they corresponding reality in give carve living. so to us power age, may God honor have led.

of in the it, I praythe moral atmosphere Christ. of Jesus community the name

in which they live. They truly have Amen.

JUNE 1962 453 Sunday Morning Session, April 8, 1962 THIS WE BELIEVE...

Richard L. Evans

of the Council of the Twelve There is a salutation customary among We have discovered, we think also, living prophets. We believe in continuussound—"Mywhich includeshrethrenall andwithinsisters"—andsight and thatsearching,mankindsearchinggenerallyfor the isreasons,sincerelyfor ousFatherrevelation,still givesfor wedivinefeel guidance,that a Lovingand

I see no reason to modify it. I am the purpose of being, searching for the would not leave his sincerely seekgrateful for the relation that all of us ultimate answers. "Man's success or ing children alone without counsel or

bear to all of us in the Fatherhood of failure, happiness or misery,"President direction—and him whose countenance

God and the relationship we have to McKay has said, "depend upon what he you have seen this morning in conducthim. seeks and chooses."What people being this conference—President David O. Because of an unusual series of assignlieve is exceedingly important because McKay—-we accept and sustain as a

ments, we have circled the world twice what they believe will determine how prophet of God, as we accept Moses and this past flying year—once

once westward. moving We haveeast, beenand theyfor a live.shortA journeyperson preparesthan hedifferentlydoes for Abraham,Isaiah and andElijahPeteror anyand suchPaul,others.and

in many countries, among many peo- a long one, and a person who believes It does not seem a strange thing that is the end of all would God would speak to his children in the ples, in many places. We have enthat life here

compassed areas where hundreds of prepare much differently and live much present as well as he would speak to different dialects and languages were differently from him who believes that them in the past. Certainly we do not

spoken. We have been in the midst of life is everlasting. need his guidance less today. What lov-

a diversity of men, and in the midst of Thomas a Kempis said, "Where my ing father would hold himself altogether many differing religions and philosthoughts are, there am I,"and might aloof from his sincerely seeking children?

ophies of life. have added, Where my beliefs are, We believe in the literal language of

of concerning the Fatherhood are, I scripture where convictions there my am friends, count of our among men We of believe the God. language We at I or least in direction that headed. races, am faiths, backmany many many

says Genesis that which God made man beliefs,grounds, For these these reasons are and and not love because and we in his image. (Genesis 1:27.) own We superficial friendships. friends, are our part of because and They them many

is intelliinfinite believe that an God lives. if us, of respect our have asked and them because and even they what We infinite us, love for gence not an with are affection hadn't forthey to have an and them. would want do it anyway, we indefinable, father's a Father with but a

beliefs, respect like their to say them and would things we and few someWe us. interest in gives This us a peace

respect believe beliefs: they us to ours. today basic ourwe and

life, in of sense a belongpurpose and

As a consequence of this long journeyFirst of all, in common with many ing and of not being left alone.

ing friendships, millions are and Chrisdevoutly of men, these many we have we is that glory the of God We believe is earnestly to readingbeen the of tian. This and seeking Church Jesus intelligence; that can no be saved man

understand the basic beliefs, the many Christ of Latterday Saints. Jesus the in ignorance; that the search for truth

philosophies of India and of Asia, and Christ, with the doctrines, the comis an obligation, as is education also;

in doing so have consulted as closely as mandments, the revelation, the inspiraand that there must be freedom for the possible the people themselves and their tion, the authority that come of him and search.

is sources; thisauthentic the of this through him, foundation and would we in believe of the commandments We

is us, for as friends toask chief our the cornerstone, Church. do we would He in causes in consequences; God; the and

it also. they not unto them anydo man. and want When necessity for living the law; within and

to believe, ask what them know we we believe taught, in Jesus and what We is for real there that reason every comus, orto authentic ask consult our this scripture, rely including the on we requirement. and mandment

ofsources sources intentional of instead it Bible, as believe from which came we believe that the body human We distortion.or unintentional matter No of prophets. the the believe mouths We it preserved in health; should be that

is it error repeated, times an manyhow to other also given works, other peoples is unjustiungrateful unwise and and is still error. believe that an we in addition to anciently modernly, and We fiably foolish to of things that partake

ourselves are the best source of what we that word given to ancient Israel impair the fullest well being of the believe, as are other men of what they works which are consistent with and body and effective physical functioning.

believe, and to those interested we complementary to the Bible. In addiWhat is not good for us simply should

should like to give the simple facts. tion, we believe in the words of the be left alone.

THE LORDS BASE OF OPERATIONS

Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve My brothers and sisters, everywhere: religious faith. God of heaven guided the founding

With joy and gratitude I face you To us, this is not just another nation, fathers in establishing it for his particutoday in, and from, this historic not just a member of the family of lar purpose.

Tabernacle. I am grateful to be here: nations. This is a great and glorious The founders of this republic were

for this fellowship, for freedom to meet nation with a divine mission and a deeply spiritual men. They believed

in peace, to speak without fear, to atprophetic history and future. It has men are capable of selfgovernment and

tend this inspirational conference. been brought into being under the inthat it is the job of government to pro-

I thank God for freedom—the right spiration of heaven. ject freedom and foster private initiative.

of choice. I am grateful for this great It is our firm belief, as Latterday Our earliest American fathers came

nation in which we meet. Every true Saints, that the Constitution of this land here with a common objective—freedom

Latterday Saint throughout the world was established by men whom the God of worship and liberty of conscience.

loves the USA. The Constitution of this of heaven raised up unto that very purFamiliar with the sacred scriptures, they

land is part of every Latterday Saint's pose. It is our conviction also that the believed that liberty is a gift of heaven.

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

We believe literally in everlasting It gives the assurance that we are helpWhere the clear stream of reason has life, in the eternal perpetuation of pering to shape our own future with our not lost its way into the dreary desert sonality; that whatever knowledge a faith, with our works, with our learnsand of dead habit;

man attains to in this life will rise with ing, with our lives. It gives us the Where the mind is led forward by

in the resurrection; him assurance that life and is purposeful, we believe meanthee into everwidening thought and

in literal resurrection, a ingful, limitless, everlasting; remembering that the actionthe asked, words gospel as to given a guide was of Pascal, who help "Which us Into that heaven of freedom, my difficult? is more born, or to realize our all highest that happiness; To be

... let Father, [me] awake."rise again?"essential; are its ordinances that authorBirth is a great miracle. Life is a ity to administer them is also; and that An eminent analyst has said: "I have

learned in forecasting futures economic this authority restored in again was the great miracle, life he and us gave who is that is going to what already happen nineteenth century through life Joseph here will give everlasting. us This

is It happening."lives. is in so It our the Prophet, as Smith the heavens believe. werewe

everlastingly, so all of us and to ought of personality the and opened again God all believe that will be men We determine our ultimate objectives as revealed as Father, the pointing his to all resurrected; that in this sense men early as possible faithfully then and puris Beloved Savior, said, our Son "Thiswill receive salvation, that but in the is sue Life them. limitless not here. Son. Beloved him!"Hear My hereafter there are different of degrees passes. soon Time Every takes man is this brief In there time glory Corinthians 15:2223, much (1 4042), is himself he and what with wherhim

is this omitted, in but essence faith the toentitlement will which depend upon goes, ever he takes and he himself also gives that life us in peace purpose and lifethe lived, livhave the we and by into eternity.

ing of the law and the keeping of the and freedom from many of its fears.

to lose indifferhave What by do we believe there clearcut are answers shall We be entitled tocommandments we ence, neglect? by In cited already words life's to that questions; of the livereturn to much our with Father go and

this at earlier morning an hour, "we life of groping eliminated. can be toback to him once were, where a we

to have nothing everylose—except of progress,place peace there and in Calcutta, where India, In read in the we thing,"and, conversely, have nothing we life,will everlasting be with family of a notebook and wonderful grandmother to everything. gain—except friends, in is a relationship that inscription an which, others, among

everlasting. she had cherished since she was a young In the words of Archibald Rutledge:

"I absolutely in faith unshaken am my inscription India's great which believe in marriage, not only Thus we girl—an that us, created us, loves God wants and poet, Tagore, Rabindranath written had for for eternity, but also time that and

us not to only good, to be but be happy."for in there in his her handwriting: own obligation have inescapable for anwe

indifferent be to can issues the No man to truth."pride "Surrender yourthe children has to teach, given us God

life of death. are and These uppermostto train, set to before rightand a lines also freethem wrote These Tagore on at or one in time another the of minds life. of of livingeous the example for the search and on dom—freedom all us. of

of the importance such (and in divinity believe of the the Jesus We searching—of awareness With the some responsialtered inor a have word two by weChrist. in believe the scripture We bility of so, doing myself, with my serting of instead country""me""my says in thatwhich express he the was

family, I to all and men, bear would last in line) the of his Father.image (Hebrews 1:3.) We witness of the truth of these things, of is fear the without and mind "Wherebelieve that of he virgin, as a born was

the everlasting of importance of them, is high; held the head scripturethe says; lived, that that he he

all obligation the that of to us have thatpreached, is ministered he free; among knowledge Where seek search, to and of the interest that

to that he death,men, that put was the has world not broken been Where our Father Loving in us his made who rose the thirdhe day, that on he fragments into by domestic narrow up in us, image has of the incalculable and to his Father, will thatascended he walls; of the importance gospel he has given again reign. earth to rulecome on and words the out from depth come Where I us. leave with witness, in you the my

is is It belief. a This simple a of protruth; of our Savior,'Lord name and died who

found one also. It gives peace in life. Where tireless striving stretches its that we might live, even Jesus the

It gives a sense of everlasting purpose. arms towards perfection; Christ. Amen.

To them, man as a child of God, choice land, and whatsoever nation dred years before Christ foresaw the emphasized the sacredness of the indishall possess it shall be free from bondcoming of Columbus and those who vidual and the interest of a kind age, and from captivity, and from all followed. These prophets saw the estabProvidence in the affairs of men and other nations under heaven, if they will lishment of the colonies, the war for

nations. These leaders recognized the but serve the God of the land, who is independence, and predicted the outneed for divine guidance and the imJesus Christ,... come. These prophecies are contained

portance of vital religion and morality "For behold, this is a land which is in a volume of scripture called the Book in the affairs of men and nations. cho'Ve above all other lands; wherefore of Mormon. This sacred record, a comTo the peoples who should inhabit he that doth possess it shall serve God panion volume to the Holy Bible, which

this blessed land of the Americas, the or snail oe swept off; for it is the everit confirms, is an added witness to the

Western Hemisphere, an ancient prophet lasting decree of God...."(See Ether divine mission of Jesus Christ as the Son

uttered this significant promise and 2:12, 10.) of God and Redeemer of the world.

solemn warning: "Behold, this is a Ancient American prophets six hunHow I wish every American and every

JUNE 1962 455 living soul would read the Book of unto me, calling me by name and said, Yes, it was here under a free governMormon. I testify to you that it is true. pointing to the other This is My Bement and a strong nation that protection

It tells about the prophetic history and loved Son. Hear Him!"(JS 2:1617.) was provided for his restored Church.

mission of America. It gives the comTo me this is the greatest event that Now God will not permit his base of

forting assurance that God has kept this has occurred in this world since the operations—America—to be destroyed.great nation, as it were, in the hollow resurrection of the Master—and it hapHe has promised protection to this land

of his hand in preparation for its great pened in America. if we will but serve the God of the land.

mission. Later, other heavenly messengers came He has also promised protection to the

Yes, the Lord planned it all. Why? to restore the authority of the Holy righteous even, if necessary, to send

So America could serve as a beacon of Priesthood and important keys essential fire from heaven to destroy their enemies.

liberty and in preparation for the opento the opening of the final gospel dis- (Ether 2:12, 1 Nephi 22:17.)

ing of a new gospel dispensation—the pensation. The Church was organized No, God's base of operations will not

last and greatest of all dispensations in in 1830. Immediately, in response to be destroyed. But it may be weakened

preparation for the second coming of divine command, missionarymessengers and made less effective. One of the first

the Lord Jesus Christ. To achieve his began to carry the important message of rules of war strategy—and we are at war

purposes the Lord had to have a base of salvation throughout the world. It is a with the adversary and his agents—is

operations. Later he revealed to a modworld message intended for all of God's to protect the base of operations. This

ern prophet that the Constitution of this children. And so, once this nation was we must do if we are to build up the

land was established by "wise men"well established, then the Church was kingdom throughout the world and whom the Lord "raised up unto this restored and from here the message of safeguard our Godgiven freedom.

very purpose."(See D&C 101:80.) The the restored gospel has gone forth. All How will we protect this base of

Lord also directed that the constitutional according to divine plan. operations?

laws of the land, supporting the princiThis then becomes the Lord's base We must protect this base of operaple of freedom, should be upheld and of operations in these latter days. And tions from every threat—from sin, from

that honest and wise men should be this base will not be shifted out of its unrighteousness, immorality, from dessought for and upheld in public office. place—the land of America. This nation ecration of the Sabbath day, from lawThe establishment of this great Chriswill, in a measure at least, fulfil its mislessness, from parental and juvenile

tian nation, with a spiritual foundation, sion even though it may face serious delinquency.

was all in preparation for the restoration and troublesome days. The degree to We must protect it from dirty movies,

of the gospel, following the long night which it achieves its full mission defilthy advertising, from salacious and of apostasy. Then in 1820 the time had pends upon the righteousness of its suggestive TV programs, magazines, and

arrived. God the Father and his Son people. God has, through his power, books.

Jesus Christ made their glorious apestablished a free people in this land We must protect this base from idlepearance. I give you a few words from as a means of helping to carry forward ness, subsidies, doles, and soft governthe Prophet Joseph Smith, who was the his purposes. mental paternalism which weakens iniinstrument in God's hands in restoring "It was his latterday purpose to bring tiative, discourages industry, destroys

the gospel and establishing the true forth his gospel in America, not in any character, and demoralizes people.

Church of Christ again upon the earth. other place. It was in America where We must protect this base from

In response to humble prayer Joseph rethe Book of Mormon plates were deposcomplacency—from the dangerous feellates: "... I saw a pillar of light exactly ited. That was no accident. It was his ing that all is well—from being lulled

over my head, above the brightness of design. It was in this same America away into a false security. We must

the sun, which descended gradually unwhere they were brought to light by protect this American base from the til it fell upon me. angelic ministry. It was"... [here] brainwashing, increasingly administered

"... When the light rested upon me "where he organized his modern Church, to our youth in many educational in-

I saw two Personages, whose brightness where he, himself made a modern perstitutions across the land, by some and glory defy all description, standing sonal appearance."(Editorial, Church misinformed instructors and some wolves

above me in the air. One of them spake News.) in sheep's clothing. Their false indocSunday Afternoon Session,

April 8, 1962 NEW EVIDENCE FOR THE BOOK OF MORMON

Mark E. Petersen

of the Council of the Twelve It is always a great thrill to stand here that they are men without guile, and met by the little five or sixyear-old at this pulpit where the prophets of that they have their whole purpose set daughter of President and Sister [J.

God stand. It is most humbling to be in serving the Lord. Phillip] Hanks, who preside in Samoa.

in the presence of our great president, So every one of us as Latterday Saints This lovely little child, filled with prophet, seer, and revelator. It is wonmay place our full and complete confiexcitement, ran up to us and said, "I

derful that we love him as we do and dence in them, and I surely hope and am going to Sauniatu."We smiled with

that we sustain him and uphold him, pray that we will do so by keeping the her and enjoyed her excitement, but we and I humbly and earnestly pray that commandments and maintaining the were just as excited as she was, because every one of us may do so all the days high standards that the Lord has we were going to Sauniatu, also. We

of our lives. given us. could hardly wait till we got there,

It is a glorious privilege to be able My wife and I have had a glorious just as she.

to live in a day when there are prophets experience in the last month or six As we went along in the automobile in the earth, and I am humbly thankful weeks. It was a great spiritual uplift towards Sauniatu, the mission president

for the privilege of associating with to us. One of these great spiritual extold again the story of a tremendous

President McKay and all of these wonperiences began with our accompanying spiritual experience that took place in derful men who surround him. I would Brother and Sister John Longden into Sauniatu about forty years ago. Presilike you to know that they are prophets the mission home in Samoa one morning dent David O. McKay was the central

of God, that the Lord guides them, about three weeks ago. There we were figure in that experience. As we neared

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA trination, often perpetrated behind the of our own history and our heritage of the soul of America—we must return to

front of socalled academic freedom, is liberty that threatens us. It is our a love and respect for the basic spiritual

leaving behind many faithless students, ignorance of the true nature of our eneconcepts upon which this nation has socialistoriented, who are easy subjects my, socialistic communism, that threatbeen established. We must study the

for state tyranny. ens us.... Our own lack of faith in Constitution and the writings of the

"At what point, then, is the approach freedom and ourselves, our own lack of founding fathers.

of danger to be expected?"asked Abraconfidence in the greatness of America Yes, we must protect the Lord's base

ham Lincoln, and answered, "... If and all that she stands for, morally and of operations by moving away from

it ever reaches us, it must spring up materially, is what puts us in mortal unsound economic policies which, enamong us. It cannot come from abroad. danger. courage creeping socialism and its comIf destruction be our lot, we must our- "Too many of us are afraid—afraid panion, insidious, atheistic communism.

selves be its author and finisher. As a of atomic war, afraid of the disapproval If we are to protect this important base,

nation of freemen, we must live through of our allies or the neutrals, afraid of we must as a nation live within our all time or die by suicide."(Springfield, the threats and boasts of the bloated means, balance our budgets, and pay our

III., Jan. 27, 1837.) tyrants in the Kremlin, afraid to offend debts. We must establish sound moneThe only threat to the liberty and others by taking action to defend ourtary policies and take needed steps to

independence of the American people selves."compete in world markets.

from abroad is the threat of world comYes, we are afraid to live righteously If we are to protect this American base, munism spreading from its base in the according to eternal principles—ecowe must realize that all things, includSoviet Union. But the best authorities nomic, moral, and spiritual. This is our ing information disseminated by our

are confident that the Soviets will not danger. We must never forget that naschools, churches, and government,

provoke a major war. Their economy tions may—and usually do—sow the should be judged according to the words

would not support it. seeds of their own destruction while of the prophets, especially the living

Lenin said, "The soundest strategy in enjoying unprecedented prosperity. As prophet. This procedure coupled with

war is to postpone operations until the Jenkin Lloyd Jones said, "It is time the understanding which will come moral disintegration of the enemy renwe hit the sawdust trail. It is time we through the Spirit of the Lord, if we

ders the mortal blow possible and easy."revived the idea that there is such a are living in compliance with the scripas thing willful sin. tures, plain old is the only sure foundation and the statement on Lenin'sCommenting sin—just

is It selfdiscipline time basis of other course judgment. we brought AnyIndianapolis Star adds: "Where then

us—thedoes the Americanreal dangerpeople.lie?. It.. lies with back"I aminto fedstyle.up. with.. the educationists wanderingof action leavesin shadesus muddled,of gray, despondent,easy targets

"Other great civilizations have died and pseudoscientists who have underfor Satan.

by suicide. The first free people, the rated our potential as a people.... I am We must not fail in these pressing

Greeks, died thus. tired of seeing America debased and and important matters. We must not

"And why did Greece fall: 'A slacklow-rated in the eyes of foreigners. I fall short of the great mission the Lord

ness and softness finally came over them am genuinely disturbed that to idealistic has proffered and outlined for America to their ruin. In the end more than they youth in many countries the fraud of and for his divinely restored Church.

appears with synonymous Communism security, this Yes, freedom a theywanted is a choice wanted land—a nation

morality, the chief reposiwhile we, life, lost allcomfortable they history. and prophetic with a

real as tory are of regarded freedom,security, comfort freedom.'and leaders, bless her America and God

of in last stages decay. the being all "It is the world. Americans tothe free with same and And God may

day. The danger that threatens us is "In this hour of fear, confusion and protect his latterday base of operation

an internal danger. It lies in our hearts selfdoubt... let there be a fresh that his glorious message of salvation

and minds and not in the hands of breeze, a breeze of new honesty, new may go forth to all the world, I humKhrushchev. idealism, new integrity."bly pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

"It is our own ignorance—ignorance To protect this base we must protect Amen.

the village, we saw the marker which ment was also a monument to the nesian Saints and that the Polynesian designates the place where he stood as great spirituality which is characteristic Saints are characterized by a tremendous he called down from heaven a great of so many of the Polynesian people. faith.

blessing upon that village and upon all We remembered the experiences of Why do they have this great faith?

of Samoa. Brother Matthew Cowley among those It is because these people are of the

Then we went on into the village, people. You recall how he thrilled us blood of Israel. They are heirs to the

and there we saw the larger monument with his faithpromoting stories of the promises of the Book of Mormon. God

that has been erected in commemoration experiences he had had among them. is now awakening them to their great

of this glorious event and in recognition All of this came back to us as we, destiny.

of the love of the people of Samoa for ourselves, were deeply touched, and As Latterday Saints we have always this great man who has become the we recognized the wonderful things that believed that the Polynesians are depresident, the prophet, seer, and revehad lived on in the minds and the scendants of Lehi and blood relatives lator of this Church. hearts of the people there. of the American Indians, despite the

We were surrounded by the people. As we met with the people in contrary theories of other men. For that

We went to the monument and had Sauniatu, we prayed with them, we reason, from the beginning of our again recounted the marvelous experispoke to them, we sang with them, and Church history we have had more than ence that had made it significant. There again recognized that these people were an ordinary interest in them as a people.

came to us a. realization that this monubut representative of all of the PolyBut now that interest is even more

JUNE 1962 457 keen. Recent research on the part of preInca period of America, are found to in ancient America. Kivas, characterworld-recognized scientists and scholbe duplicated in some of the Pacific Isistic of American Indians today, are

ars has focused a new light upon them, lands. Giant stone statues such as are found in Polynesia.

and writings of early explorers in both found in the lands of South America Words and place names in the lanAmerica and Polynesia have become and among the Incas are now discovered guage of the Polynesians of the various available now for detailed study. in the Polynesian Islands, with charisland groups are now found to be

The new knowledge which has been acteristics and markings so similar that identical to those common among the developed shows that the Polynesians few can doubt their common origin. early people of Peru. Many of these

without any reasonable doubt did come This includes many of the structures words are actually identical in spelling from America, that they are closely found on Easter Island. and pronunciation.

related to the American Indian in many The sweet potato of the Pacific Is- I cannot resist mentioning one of respects, and that even their tradilands, known in Polynesia as the kumara them. It is Kanakana, the name of one

tions and genealogies bear that out. or kumalla, as it is called in Tonga, is of the dieties of both the Incas and the

So pronounced is this feeling among now found by botanists to be the identiPolynesians. The reason this name inthe world scholars of today that one cal plant which is native to South terests me so much is that it means

of them, Thor Heyerdahl, widely known America with impressive evidence as to brightness or light or knowledge or

Norwegian anthropologist, who sailed the manner in which it was transported intelligence. They believed that the

the raft Kon Tiki from America to the from Peru to the Pacific Islands. glory of God was intelligence and therePolynesian Islands, titled one of his Cotton, coconuts, pineapples, and fore named him so. This is noted in

books American Indians in the Pacific. papaya are likewise being traced from both preInca and Polynesian religions.

It is a remarkable volume of great interPolynesia to America by botanists who There are many other religious est to Latterday Saints. now announce that the Polynesian variteachings which are the same in both

With him are other writers who coneties of these plants are but offshoots areas. Both peoples believe in the

firm and reconfirm the facts now being of the parent plants in America. creation by the Almighty. They both

disclosed that there is every reason to The ocean currents have been observed believe that the first man was the father believe that the Polynesians are directly in our time to carry drifting objects to of all living and that the first woman related to the American Indians, that Polynesia from two places in America, was the mother of all living, using these they came from American shores and one being the Pacific Northwest and the actual phrases. They believe in the

sailed westward to their Pacific Islands, other the Central and South American Flood. They accept an atonement by

and that they took with them their cusregion. Large Pacific Northwest pine a Savior. They both believe in a White

toms, their food, and their religion, all logs have been traced in the drifting God who came among their forefathers of which have left a permanent mark currents of the Pacific Ocean from the and performed mighty miracles. They

upon Polynesia. Vancouver area of North America to the believe in the water of life or living

Pronounced as are these views estabHawaiian, Marshall, and Caroline Iswater which is given by the Savior.

lishing the relationship of Polynesians lands. Hawaiians and other PolyneThe islanders say that their foreand American Indians, there are equally sians have made canoes from these fathers came from the east, from a land

impressive data now available to disdrifted pine logs and in them have of high mountains and plateaus in the prove the theory that the Polynesians traveled from island to island. There are skies, which fits the description of the

originated in the Orient and came eastno such trees growing in Polynesia. They western coast of South America. The

ward from Indonesia, Malaya, and nearcame by ocean currents from the Pacific genealogies of the Pacific Islanders are by lands. Let us just mention a few Northwest of America. traced to American ancestors.

of the convincing points of evidence. This is the more notable when it is Large fonts which archaeologists

Most of you have seen the great stone observed that customs and household claim were baptismal fonts have been pyramids, or photographs of them, disarticles characteristic of the Indians of found in both areas. Burial customs

covered by archaeologists in Mexico, the Pacific Northwest of America have are similar. Both groups believed in

Central, and South America. Pyramids been found on a wide scale in Polynesia. an allpowerful governing Trinity of

of almost identical structure, both in Written descriptions of fortifications Gods. There is one story in Polynesia

plan and material, if not in size, have built on some of the Polynesian Islands which reminds us of the story of the been found in Polynesia. I saw some remind one of chapters in the Book of brother of Jared.

of them myself within the last month. Mormon which portray the fortifications One of the most interesting of all the

Stone roadways, so characteristic of the built by the great General Moroni here reports brought out by Heyerdahl and

PARENTS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THEIR CHILDREN

S. Dilworth Young

of the First Council of the Seventy

As I listened to Elder Mark E. Petersen, want to be included. If they were asked trying to imply, I suppose, was that

I wished that all of the youth of the to voice their feeling, the roar of apwe must not get smug, that the test

Church could hear what he was saying. proval would have shaken this building, would come, and each one of us would

Many of us talk over the heads of chilso glad would they have been to express have an opportunity to find out if he dren; I believe he said something they their affection also. would stand when the pressure was on,

could understand. He mentioned the Heber C. Kimball, a member of the when seemingly the evidences were

affection that he and the twelve have First Presidency at one time, and the against us, when all hell would be for President McKay as well as his grandfather of Elder Spencer W. Kimraised up to defeat us. Would we stand

assurance of the prophetic calling of the ball, had great prophetic vision. He the test? I am sure he meant to imply

President of the Church. voiced it occasionally, and once he said, that every man would be tested before

I felt that I should like to get up and (I am not quoting him verbatim but as he would be accepted.

shout, "Please include me in that, also."I recall it) "There is a test coming; I submit that the modern testing

I am certain that everyone here would there will be a testing."What he was which comes from the insidious boring458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

other scientists who have made a serious was told by the mayor of the principal City. They are the work of anthrostudy of the Polynesians and their relacommunity that there were two kinds pologists and archaeologists having no

tionship to the Americans is this, and of people on that island at first, white connection with the Church whatsoever.

it surprised me tremendously: and brown, and that the white people Pizarro asked the Incas of his day

These anthropologists have learned were really white people with light who these white people were and was that prior to the coming of the Spaniards hair. The anthropologists have long told that they were the last of the dethere were both white and brown peosince discarded the idea that they might scendants of a divine race of white men

ple in America, that the white people have been albinos. with beards. These men were given the

were as white as snow, according to Captain Cook saw some of these white name of Viracocha, or "sea foam"betheir descriptions, and that they had natives on his journeys and wrote about cause they were so white.

hair. his or red hair them. blonde, aboardbrown, came One The ship. The research, in a time of today We live told natives in other treated that way. any nor Captain not dyed Cookwas knowledge. and new The

to greatIt native their leader our this white that way. was grew Now, bears testimony that and knowledgediscovery, both

astonishment, they tell us also that that he was of divine descent and was Nephites and Lamanites lived in anrespect. people therefore held in high as well peoplewhite as brown of cient Regardless America. the names

that It is notable to Polynesia the highest ideal ofemigrated from America scientists or the given early them by the these of islanders these people beauty whiteand that some among was the Incas, to us they were Nephites and

It skin. in of islands as the in the whitelived times regarded a sign the was likeLamanites. This knowledge new

Pacific explorers of descent inearly the the best ancient of the from saw who that testimony wise bears both Nephites them and wrote about them. Think of lineages and as a symbol of chieftainship and Lamanites emigrated from America

the significance of that fact in relation of pure blood. to Polynesia, that they have been seen

theto these did people white Book of But Mormon. where seafarers explorers and modern by who

I repeat: Anthropologists did they reach from and say come how now their written that about and have them

fair people, islands? thesethat white than more beliefs relate to customs the Book and

like Spaniards, recentlythe says evidence people compiled and brown The of Mormon.

the Polynesians of today, lived side by they came from America.

all to adds a renewed up To me it thereside in times. in preSpanish early white America But were men in

is of that the Book Mormon previous to of people emigrated America, whiteBoth the testimony and brown the coming from America to the Pacific Islands. Spaniards? true, that Joseph Smith was a Prophet

They were seen by the early explorers Recently published records from the of God, that the gospel is true, and that in those islands. The white people Spaniard Pizarro tell about similar indeed Jesus of Nazareth is the Christ,

were blondes and redheads, and some white people found in Peru. the White God known as well to the

had soft, brown hair. Their skins were Pedro Pizarro, chronicler of the SpanPolynesians as to the early Americans,

as white as snow, whiter than the ish conquerors, wrote that whereas the and that his coming to America after

Spaniards. All of this from the anthromajority of the Indians in the Andes his resurrection in Palestine is the basis

pologists! Mountains were small and of brown of the religion of both ancient AmeriSignificantly enough, these white men complexion, the members of the Inca cans and ancient Polynesians, now

living in the islands wore beards and ruling family were tall and had whiter handed down to modern times with the their faces resembled the faces of Euroskins than the Spaniards themselves. rest of their traditions.

peans. Anthropologists now say that Pizarro says that these white Incas of It is glorious to see the confirming evithese white islanders were of Caucasian Peru actually were white, not albinos, dence as it comes forth from unexpected

descent without a doubt, and remember, but white people with soft blonde or sources, sustaining in principle after they were already there when the first brown or red hair. principle our holy faith. We do not

explorers arrived and found them. Archaeologists have now found mumdepend upon it for our faith at all, but

Such white people actually were seen mies of the Inca period bearing out this we welcome its sustaining power neveron Easter Island, as well as on other fact. They were wellpreserved mumtheless.

Pacific Islands, and although they no mies with soft hair, blonde, or red or The gospel is true. The Book of

longer survive, the traditions of the nabrown in color. Colored photographs Mormon is true. Jesus is the Christ,

tives tell of them as do the authentic of these mummies have been published and Joseph Smith is his Prophet. That

writings of early historians. and widely distributed. They are availis the testimony I leave with you, in the

On Easter Island, Heyerdahl himself able in books sold right here in Salt Lake name of the Savior Jesus Christ. Amen.

in of ideas which imitate truth, excuse to children. No one else had very it takes time and effort; but parents are

deception, and discount both evil and much to do with them. still the most potent and sure protection

its author, is a much more difficult one Now, however, the test is directed at and defense, provided they are righteous to encompass and to resist than the the children. They are being deceived parents, alert and informed.

physical tests of the past. In the day into believing that they can think and I cannot believe, personally, that the

when Brother Kimball spoke, there apact with maturity long before they are Lord God compromises black and white peared to be more physical difficulties mature. In this they are much deceived, into gray—if I might use a metaphor

to encompass than those spiritual or and rebellious against parental restraint. of color. If I read correctly, his conmental. At that time we could protect They are ripe fruit for the plucking. stant admonition is to become white,

our children. Life was simple. We Today our test is with our families to purify one's self, to become perfect.

could easily persuade them to see as we and the false ideals of the day. We I think the Lord draws sharp lines and

saw and do as we did, because a large need not succumb to it. Parents can declares that whatever leads to evil is

part of communication was from parent protect their children if they will, but evil. It is the evil in us which leads us

JUNE 1962 459 to want to compromise a little and to should be exposed to the accounts of innocents in the street, or breathing gluebe earthy as well as earthly. recreation of these loose and lewd men fumes, is the normal expectation, it canMay I present two points of view: If who happened to have unusual powers not be expected that his conception of

my normal outlook is that it is exof sensual description. moral integrity will make his word

pected that my child will have the And since my body is not sacred but worth much or his actions trustworthy experiences of marriage without its re- a purely animal creation, an accident of when he gets to be a mature adult. I

sponsibilities during adolescence, and some evolutionary urge without any can lull my conscience by thinking that handling cocktails successfully particular pressure in any particular that his actions are the result of a without becoming obnoxious to my feldirection to bring me to what I am todisease which anyone knows, of course, lows is manly, or that cigarets with day, then I can laugh with great pleasure can strike anyone. Therefore he is

coffee during and after meals is desirat jokes and sly references to its funcnot fundamentally accountable for what able, or that a trip to a gambling palace tions. If my children end up in need he does. He is to be pitied but not

in a neighboring state is a legitimate of psychiatric help when they discover censured.

recreation, or that viewing vulgar or exthe futility of life, I can also get cheap But if my understanding is to know citing floor shows is not sin so long as medical help by going to a moving my true place in the eternal purpose of

I take no physical active part, then I picture in which an author of like mind God, that I am his son, that I may beam not going to be alarmed at the adand habit, combined with a director come like him, and that his commandvice some people give my adolescent who understands, because this has been ments are to be kept, that happiness children about their actions, nor m I his experience also, portrays the agonies is found only by being in harmony with going to be concerned with their teleand frustrations of those whose mental his laws, and further, that Satan is vision fare nor with what type of pictures equipment has broken down upon the determined to keep me from either appear in their favorite weekly magaindulgence in these evils, for an equally practising or thinking about these elezines, especially those which glamorize sadistic solution to the problem thus vating truths, I say, if this is my knowldrunken and debauching night life in posed. Then I can take comfort from edge and my belief, then I am going to

flaming color. Since under these cirthe thought that my children have had be not only concerned, but I am also

cumstances I have no real reason to the same kind of experience and are not going to take action to protect my chilelevate my life, believing that oldso abnormal after all. dren from the designs of evil men in

fashioned morality is outdated, I shall Children echo the words and imitate the last days, as the 89th section porthen class as great literature some works the standards of the adults to whom trays. (See D&C 89:4.) I shall do my best

such as Boccaccio, Casanova, Lawrence, they are exposed. If a child grows up to teach my child that he is a sacred

Fitzgerald, and others, to make certain in an environment where stealing hub person, that he is an eternal being of that for a roundedout life, my children caps and gasoline, or ganging up on two parts, body and spirit, to be fused

A CHALLENGE TO YOUTH

Boyd K. Packer

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

I address my remarks, my brothers and My young friends, I am not frightened ey."There were in that home innumersisters, to the youth of the Church. It of you, not frightened for you, and I am able children, but very little money. He

has been my privilege over the past not reticent to speak rather pointedly to pressed his demands, insisting that she number of years to travel throughout you. As I have learned to love you, to give him some money, finally saying,

the Church and become closely acbecome acquainted with you, as I have "I am hungry; I would like to get somequainted with the young people, partraveled throughout the Church, my thing to eat."

ticularly those of high school and colconviction has grown that not only "Well,"she said, "if that is the case lege age. will you accept pointed, specific counsel then I can help you."So she hurried

I supose if I have any distinction as and help, but that you are hungry for to the kitchen and fixed him a lunch.

one of the General Authorities, it would it and that you desire it. And I am sure it was the most modest

be my closeness to the youth of the I speak with a'sense of urgency. of provisions. She could tell as she gave

Church in two respects: first, the recency Friday, Brother Romney quoted from him the lunch at the door that he was

of my call from among them, and next, the eightyeighth section of the Doctrine not pleased, but with little resistance he my nearness to them by virtue of my and Covenants, and I should like to took the lunch and left. She watched

age, or perhaps I should say, lack of it. quote a verse that precedes those read him as he went down the lane through

I earned that distinction last October by Brother Romney—the eightyeighth the gate and started up the road. He

the first, when it was grudgingly yielded section,- verse seventythree, the Lord looked back, but he did not see her to me by President Marion D. Hanks of speaking: standing inside the door, and as he

the First Council of the Seventy. "Behold, I will hasten my work in its passed the property line, he took the

My young friends, members of the time."I repeat, "Behold, I will hasten lunch and threw it over the fence into

Church, I do not profess to understand my work in its time."the brush.

you fully. I think it is true, however, And my young friends in the Church, Now, my mother is a little Danish

that perhaps you do not understand I bear witness that this is the day of woman, and she was angered; she was

yourselves fully. But, I will confess to hastening, and as I speak to you about angered at the ingratitude. In that house

a great love for you and a great faith opportunity and obligation, I stress the there was nothing to waste, and she was in you and an intense yearning desire word "obligation."angered that he was so ungrateful.

to be helpful to you. I would hope that Many years ago, my parents lived in The incident was forgotten until a

you could profit by my experience and a very modest home in the northern end week or two later; she answered another

know that soon, prematurely perhaps, of the state of Utah. One morning, my knock at the door. There stood a tall,

certainly without warning, the responmother answered a knock at the door rawboned teenage boy, who asked sibilities of leadership will come to you, and was confronted there by a large, about the same question in essentially and in recognition of that, I would like frighteninglooking man, who asked her the same words, "We need help; we

to counsel you just a little. for money. She said, "We have no monare hungry. Could you give us some

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA together in the resurrection, that this basis rather than on the basis of conSuch I believe must be our course eternal joining will best be accomplished venience or advantage to himself. I if we are to keep alive the testimony

if each part has equal development, that shall teach him the wages of sin is and the gospel in the next generation.

the body must be trained and condideath, that evil is sin which he is to Let us with all our strength work to for eternaltioned resist its celestial progress in his strength, with all that he is defeat is the purposes the of him who spirit, as the wellabode as that because will accountable and have to answer author of the lest of first point view, it is of the earth it tends to become for it. And I shall also teach him a true there be applied to our children the

earthy as well as earthly, but that it can understanding of repentance and of the rebuke that Alma gave to Corianton be made subject to the will of the spirit. great sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ, when he reminded him of the great

I shall give him enough of my time so that repentance will have meaning iniquity he brought upon the Zoramites to guide him but not enough to overand purpose. I shall do my best to for, said he, "... when they saw your

teach sacredness of life him the of and orshadow his agency, him to take away conduct they would not believe my the family. too, will be taught, the He his practise in decisions. making But I words."39:11.) (Alma

of importance the relation family in theshall certain corthat the has he make let rather But pledge lives us to our plan. Already will he have ofrect the viewpoint malpractices of eternal right truth alert fulfil and to and be the seen practical some of this examples in life to exposemodern and all that him vision and prophecy to given Nephi of the life conduct of I is own find which that my can true good and and "... he: when beheld of the the power daily, he such has intimate a view.right.

itof that God, Lamb descended upon

I realize shall that deceive I cannot I shall of joy the righteous show him the saints of of the church the Lamb, if I will I as of to him the kindendeavor man of the righteous rewards and the and covenant upon of people the thought and habit, and while in his am, but I can fill him with the ideals Lord, who were scattered upon all the of the of kind years, man I should be and I shallformative teach to love him face of they the earth; and were armed

desire to become. himtruth beauty to and the abhor and with righteousness and the with power

sordid and the drab. I shall also proIf I as a holder of the priesthood of of God in great glory."(1 Nephi 14:14.)

tect evil influences are the that from him attempt Son of God to compromise I sustain the work of the Church, his understanding,beyond not bebut by accepting of the gray some evils, sayand I witness that it belongs yond his imitating. ing they will do no harm because I am Christ, is acknowledged by him,to Jesusand

Above all, I shall do my best to teach an adult and can control them, I have I witness also the fact that we have a him the basic difference between right betrayed his generation which indeed living prophet, the living prophet of our and wrong and show him that his must be taught to draw the sharp line Lord among us, in the name of Jesus decisions must always be made on that if we are to survive. Christ. Amen.

money; could you give us some food?"who may be in need. I recognize that life's partner, you will give to those

But somehow the image of the first man admittedly your material substance is little boys and girls who will populate appeared in her mind and she said, meager compared to the needs of the your kingdom here upon the earth.

"No,"excusing herself, "I am sorry. I world, but your spiritual powers are Do you remember Clark, the boy from

am busy; I cannot help you today. I equal to the needs of the world. I urge the other ward who was called on a misjust cannot help you."What she meant you to resolve with me that never so sion to Mexico? I saw him in Mexico

was, "I won't. I won't. I won't be taken long as we live would anyone be hunCity just a few weeks ago. It was inin again."Well, the young man turned gry, spiritually or physically, that we spiring to be around him. He was givwithout protest and walked out the could aid and assist. ing; giving the gift that had come to

gate, and she stood looking after him. Now, with reference to obligation, him, in the way, I repeat, that only

It wasn't until he passed through the one day two of our boys were having youth can give it. You recall, also, that

gate that she noticed the wagon, the a little difference of opinion. That his mother said after he had been in

father and mother and the other younghappens in the best of homes, I am the mission field a week or two, "I sters, and as the boy swung his long told. There was just a little fussing think they are working him just a little

legs into the wagon, he looked back about, and I stepped in as referee, and too hard.""I think,"she said, "that he

rather poignantly; the father shook the as I separated them, they were someis being pressed to extend his ability just

reins and the wagon went on down what resistant. Just then the younger a little bit beyond his capacity."

road. hesitatedthe just She long enough brother appeared so, scene on the and, in but Now, that young may be my

so that could she not call back. them I to since learned what appreciate that fear as brothers not do and sisters, we

From that experience she drew a moral magnificent English, said to his brothers, challenge, do we? Cannot I represent

by which she has lived and which she "Don't you know you're s'posed to mind you to the brethren here as being willhas imparted to her children, and the one what borned ya?"ing to face any extent of pressure and

though that was I suppose, nearly fifty Now, I think that speaks more elowork in the building up of the kingdom?

years ago, there has always been just quently than I can to my teenage Your welfare is not neglected, and a tiny hint of pain as she recalled the friends. "Don't you know you are sup- I recognize in what I saw in Clark, the

incident with this moral: "Never fail posed to mind the one that borned you, most profound representation of the

to give that which you have to someone spiritually speaking?"Your responsigreat principles of the welfare program

who is in need."I repeat, "Never fail bility for giving lies just ahead. You that I have ever witnessed; for in his

to give that which you have to someone have a twofold opportunity. First, just life, work has been enthroned as a rulwho is in need."ahead of you in the mission field is the ing principle. It was in 1936 at this

I stress to you young brothers and opportunity to give the gift that has pulpit that President Heber J. Grant

sisters in the Church your obligation to come to you as only youth can give it. said, "Work is to be reenthroned as

give that which you possess to any And then, subsequent to that, with your a ruling principle in the lives of our

JUNE 1962 461 Church membership."ously, earnestly, but you know I would humanity, and I have seen dedication.

Where else, my young friends, are not like to have him come home and I have seen work, and I have seen work, you pressed to that point? Where is open a service station across the street and I have seen work. I have seen

work enthroned in your lives unless it is from one that I was trying to operate. humility, and I have seen righteousness.

in the mission field? Now we know He knows how to do things. He knows I sustain the General Authorities of the

that there were those who stumbled behow to do them with energy, with enChurch.

tween Winter Quarters and Salt Lake thusiasm, with capacity, with humility, Then my young friends, when I was

Valley, and we know that there were with deep human concern. He knows just a little younger than I am now, I

those who limped painfully every step of how to respect his fellow men. He has thought that there ought to come to

the great trek of the Mormon Battalion, not failed. He has lived to the admonione who is called to be a General

but the contest was not called off, and tion "never fail to give that which you Authority of the Church some special the campaign was not cancelled. I have to someone who is in need."conviction, some special inner strength

suppose that in this day, in this work Obedient to that admonition, my to build him up, to strengthen him, and that there will be some casualty, and I young friends, I would like to share I testify to you, my young friends, that expect there may be some mortality. with you, that which has come to me by there is. I say to you that I know that

But, the fight with sin is real, it will way of testimony and conviction. Would the gospel is true, and then I say that

be long, but it must go on, and I urge you understand and not misunderstand I used to know the gospel was true you young friends in the Church to if I should say that which I have earned also, but now I know.

enlist yourselves and to put your by way of conviction, for you must earn I bear witness to you that Jesus is the shoulder to the wheel. it to receive it: First, having so recently Christ, that he lives, that he is a

I reality. testify lives that our Father

it is represent called Clark, This to to been magnificent young boy you the loves as will us people and and young see I tell these brethren, people has to happened him. It did what among you us, sustain rally support and and as we

not come to him easily. There was earnestly that I sustain the General as we are willing to give that gift which

sweat on his brow, and there were tears Authorities of the Church. I have has come to us and to those who are in

on his pillow before he had achieved worked with them at close view for need, in the name of Jesus Christ.

the knowledge of how to work strenuthese number of months. I have seen Amen.

THE GOSPEL GROWTH IN SOUTH AMERICA

A. Theodore Tuttle

of the First Council of the Seventy

Mis queridos hermanos y hermanas, lands, and we do bless and dedicate Church in South America. It took just

estoy feliz de estar aqui con ustedes esta these nations of this land for the preachthree years to convert the next 10,000.

tarde. I could not resist addressing you ing of thy gospel."Last year alone 6,000 came into the

in the language of the people that I On July 4, 1926, Elder Ballard uttered Church. Indeed it is a land of promise

love, and whose language I am trying these inspired words: "The work of the and of prophecy.

to learn, Lord will go slowly for a time here, I am grateful to have the privilege of

I bring you greetings from six mission just as an oak grows slowly from an laboring in this land. It has been a

presidents and their devoted wives, from acorn. It will not shoot up in a day marvelous experience for Sister Tuttle

over 800 missionaries, and over 20,000 as does the sunflower that grows quickly and me to take our young family down wonderful Saints in South America. and then dies, but thousands will join to South America and make our home

Perhaps the most interesting thing about the Church. It will be divided into there, and it has been a great opportunity

the number of the 20,000 members is not more than one mission, and will be to travel abroad on that vast continent, so much the extent of the growth, one of the strongest in the Church. The trying to hasten the work of the Lord

though it is wonderful, as the rate of work here is the smallest it will ever as Elder Packer mentioned. I lack both

growth which has occurred—in fulfilbe. The day will come when the the time and the vocabulary to describe

ment of prophecy. Lamanites in this land will be given adequately this great and varied land,

I would like briefly to relate the back- a chance. The South American Mission but I would like briefly to give you a

ground to this statement. In 1851 it will be a power in the Church."glimpse of it.

was Parley P. Pratt who first went to In 1959 Elder Harold B. Lee partially Perhaps the land could best be charSouth America after visiting the South fulfilled that prophecy when he created acterized as a sleeping giant—both giantSea Islands in an attempt to introduce the fifth mission—the Andes Mission and sleeping. There is tremendous pothe gospel to South America. He landed in South America, and in his address at tential there. There are mighty rivers

in Valparaiso, Chile, just after a revoluthe creation of that mission, he also whose power for the most part rolls on tion, but conditions were unfavorable made a significant statement—I think unharnessed; fertile soil, yards and yards

to the establishment of the gospel, and a prophecy. He said: "In my judgment deep, lies undeveloped; great resources,

in a few months he returned home. It there are no missions in the world which dormant. Almost it seems as though

was not until 1925 that Elders Melvin J. hold so much promise as the missions the Lord was letting this happen.

Ballard, Rulon S. Wells, and Rey L. of South America. The work is going The people are a mixture of many

Pratt were assigned to South America to continue to grow, and we have not nations, mainly Europeans mixed with to open that land for the teaching of yet seen the end of the number of misthe Lamanite, who was indigenous to the gospel. In his dedicatory prayer sions that will be established, and there this land. Half of the 120 millions of

Elder Ballard said some words which are those here that will see that growth."people speak Spanish; the other half,

I should like you to hear: "And now, O Six months ago, under the direction Portuguese. The latter are found in the

Father, by authority of the blessing and of the First Presidency, it was our privigreat country of Brazil.

appointment by the President of the lege to organize the Chilean Mission These people are not lazy. I know

Church, and by the authority of the the sixth mission of the Church in South they have been characterized as lazy.

Holy Apostleship which I have, I turn America, and the work is just commencIt is true, they take a siesta, but they the key, unlock and open the door for ing. It took thirtythree years in order start early, and they go late. Many

the preaching of the gospel in these to convert the first 10,000 people to the times I have seen women, particularly

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Most service stations today give good service. Some, of course, are better than others. Many of

these—many of the best—are Conoco stations with fast, friendly service that makes stopping

a pleasure. We like to say that Conoco service... and Conoco dealers... are truly as "Friendly as

the West."Stop in and see if this isn't so!

CONOCO Hottest Brand Going!

1962, Continental Oil Company

JUNE 1962 463 of peace the measure preserve to blessed of safety your the about worried be a baby not withLamanite women—always

it carry to possible for us will that land. in make that daughters or your sons trotting their acrossstrapped backs—half

it for will forward; of Lord the the work and a threat, It is there is always true, little spindle a street whirlingalong the

which spins the yarn from the wool danger is more or less constant, but I be the means of saving and awakening which they have in their hands. They have a calm assurance in my heart that this great people.

deserve the gospel of Jesus Christ after God lives; he is in his heaven; this is One of the most thrilling things that

are this conference in observed have going to be hin- I it is not and work; hundredsthese many of years—and this his here wearfour these rows of down men of men. dered whims by the of prophecy. fulfilmenttoo in

Politically, I know little about the I would, however, request one thing ing the earphones. Perhaps because I

situation. I do know of the press accounts that each of you join with your sons and have been in the land of a foreign

from there (which are neither as good daughters and with us in fervent prayer tongue, I can more readily appreciate nor as bad as the actual situation). to call down the blessings of heaven the opportunity these brethren have to

I think, however, that you parents need upon that land, that the leaders may be come from such distant places and receive the counsel of the brethren firsthand in their own tongue. I can certainly say, "Amen,"to Brother Hinckley's

"The Quest for Unearned wherestatementnationsthat aretheremetare politicallyother placesto solve their problems, but that here is

Happiness"thethat soulwill andultimatelythe heartbringandpeace.the spiritBecause it is here that the gospel will be

RICHARD L. EVANS taughtand obedienceand only tothroughit canacceptancepeace come.of it

all can other is no way that men Starr Jordan There years since David It is sixty some is greater that in cause a united be a pressingly sentences on searching to some turned in except nationalism, their than own

THE important subject—the pursuit of happiness. His the acceptance of the universal gospel

SPOKEN approach is somewhat suggested by the title which of Jesus Christ.

WORD he gave his talk: "The Quest for Unearned Happi- I have thrilled as I sat in report meet-

"So long as man is alive and free,"he said, "he will, in one ings and heard the brethren give reports way or another, seek that which gives him pleasure. But... to of their extensive labors both at home

seek is not necessarily to find.... The basis of happiness is and abroad; where they speak intimately

Glasgow, as places Hamburg, of such that thing, is real life a of life, abundance of and abundance 1 Helsinki, Manila, and Sidney, Tokyo, cited an then he counterfeited."And or shammed be cannot

is mightier of truth cause Bergen. The is pleasure no "There seen: somewhere he inscription had which before ever than widespread more and

... is "This habit."vicious of a conquest of the that to in life equal also so world, and of history the in the selfindulg- of temptation the against struggle of of lesson a life the evil. But is error of and the power

ence. In general, the sinner is not the man who sets out... to be again, in my soul is the calm assurance

wicked.... The sinner is the man who cannot say no. For sin to that right will prevail and truth will

become wickedness is a matter of slow transition.... It is because overcome. While all around nations

decay goes on step by step that bad men are not all bad, as good fear and tremble and wonder and are men are not wholly good.... [And] the motive of most forms of uncertain, we are certain and calm and

sin is... the desire to make a short cut to happiness. Temptation at peace.

promises pleasure without the effort of earning it. This promise But, oh, how I yearn for the day when

give will brethren the these meetings in. all all the ages. of history Unfulfilled the in never has been

as places MosNanking, such reports on... leave 'a dark. illusions..brown They pleasures are mere earned Leningrad, Dakar, Delhi, Bombay, cow,

...... But is morning.'in 'different the recollection their taste'; the speak about and Jerusalem and

of weakness and reaction no endures, and leaves true happiness in branches and districts the conditions is of happiness pursuit part of the indispensable pain...."1 One places. stakes in these and and wards

recognition of the fact, as Emerson put it, that "The world looks How can this be achieved and hastit which, turn equation, like a mathematical how you... will, ened? By obedience

there ultimately itself."up. Basically and 2 It all adds balances of Jesus of the gospel toChrist—obedienceand acceptance

isn't anything unearned. Surely it is proper to pursue happiness. by us who believe and acceptance by

Indeed, true happiness is the eternal quest, the ultimate end. the world, for this gospel has the power

"... Men are that they might have joy."3 What else would a loving to change men's lives. Because I have

Father—any loving father—want for his children but genuine and been in the mission field, I have more

enduring happiness and peace and progress? But like all other readily seen the power of the gospel

things there is a law, a formula for it; and unearned happinesschange lives.

happiness without virtue, without integrity, without effort, without Down in Brazil I listened to a recently say: "Brethpresident branch appointed possible. to appears be excellence—nowhere outward inward and

I I have to 7 ren, 7 pm. from work am ".. it: happinever was. Wickedness put prophet an ancient As

for family. aside nights The set two my indifference.) or "There indolence is no (Neither ness."4 was

I at five the to intend nights be other 1 habit."of of the that in life to a [bad] conquest equal pleasure find Brethren, can you Church. me

1David Starr Jordan, The Quest for Unearned Happiness. there."The gospel changes lives. It

-Emerson, Compensation. calls forth willing service and gives a 32 Nephi 2:25.

*Alma 41:10. man a worthy cause.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the In a priesthood leadership meeting

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 25, 1962. Copyright 1962. down in Chile, one of the brethren

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2500 stagehands change the scenery every day

Kennecott's giant Bingham Canyon Mine is unlike the Handling so much material presents a serious, scenic spectacles in Utah created by nature. This growing problem. With the copper content of the ore

manmade attraction is continually changing - every decreasing and overburden removal increasing, more day some 2500 Kennecott employees alter its material must be handled to produce the same contours. amount of copper - over 60% more since 1950 alone.

One day's operations represent removing: Meeting the higher cost of handling more mate235,000 tons overburden (to uncover ore) rial is Kennecott's prime goal. Attaining this goal

90,000 tons ore(15V2 lbs. copper per ton) keeps copper production a successful business that

Total 325,000 tons produces economic benefits for the entire state.

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation

JUNE 1962 465 said, "Who would have thought that ica who is going to receive a telephone clare that this is a land of promise, as two years ago an ordinary mechanic call and have an interview, and if he is Elder Benson so impressively said, from like myself would be standing in front willing and worthy, he is going to sell which this gospel is to go forth to all of a group of men teaching them about or rent his home, leave his job, turn the world to bless the lives of all of our the things of the spirit? Here I am not his business over to his partner or his Father's children.

only doing that but serving as your competitor, take his family and head They will declare that the priesthood branch president as well."The gospel for some place in South America which has been restored to men to give them

changes lives. It releases latent potential. heretofore has been only a strange power to baptize and to bless with the

Down in Uruguay I heard a father sounding name. Holy Ghost and to perform all of the

say of his son, "Two years ago when my I was in that branch three weeks ago. ordinances which are necessary for the

son was called on a mission I wasn't When this man arrives at Asuncion, exaltation of man.

will find a people this Paraguay, that of he aeven Church. member Now help, can can and what how we Now will love, I teach understanding released, shall son is him welcomewhen my clean. do? prepare. Youth, Live Be and we will build brotherhood; officially his they as and into his branchhim him honorable. the Follow counsel you have into Is better a helps while president. that he thembranch it any wonder man in this received conference.

I to a build chapel worship gratitude God. almost with The overcome am

for the blessings which the gospel has gospel changes lives and location, and Parents, instruct. Get close to your

families. parental Perhaps advice can sacrifice. grateful intobrought and requires harmony And I am my life—the repeating a to you up by best be summed lose that it does. to from it hasthe unity our family?"I hope brought we never

The gospel changes lives. It brings love this Church this element of sacrifice. It telephone conversation from an eightyand unity and peace to families. is worth the sacrifice to have the peace eightyear-old mother up here to her

In Argentina a former missionary who and assurance come to you that God fortyyear-old son down in Sao Paulo.

is now married and has two children lives, because your willingness to serve She said, "Son, keep your faith, do your stood and said, "If I received a call to draws you closer to him. work, pay your tithing, live the gospel,

go on a mission again, I would sell my There are several thousand young say your prayers, and keep your testifurniture and go."To you brethren men and women this year who also will mony."He said, "She has given me

here it might take on added significance have an interview with their bishops, that advice all her life,"to realize that that young man had no and if they have prepared themselves I am grateful, brothers and sisters, stocks, no bonds, no real property, no well and proved themselves worthy, for my testimony of the divinity of this home, no car—only furniture. The gosthey will receive a call from the Prophet work. I am grateful that I know that

pel changes lives. It lifts them from the of the Lord to serve their fellow men by the great and noble man who directs this

realm of materialism to spirituality. declaring the restoration of the gospel. work is indeed a prophet of God. I am

I heard a brother in the Andes MisThey will leave school and scholarwilling to sustain these brethren of the sion say, "You men are my brothers. ships. They will leave their jobs and General Authorities in their holy callIf my family joins the Church and are their money and their girls, and go at ings. I am willing to sustain you brethfaithful, they will be my brothers. If their own expense and learn a foreign ren in your offices and callings. I am

not, the blood relationship is not as tongue so that other lives may be grateful to have membership in this strong as the brotherhood and gospel ties changed. They will declare that God Church and brotherhood with you.

in this Church."The gospel changes lives, that he is our Father, that he loves I pray that the Lord will continue

lives. It unites all men that love the us. They will declare that Jesus Christ to touch the hearts of his children that

truth in a brotherhood. is his Son, our Redeemer. They will dethey will respond to the power of truth

There is a building program going on clare that the gospel of Jesus Christ has that it may operate in their lives and in South America as there is in all the been restored in this day through the change enmity to love, greed and avaworld. It requires the assistance of a Prophet Joseph Smith. They will declare rice to generosity, apathy to righteous

skilled contractor to help the local that a new witness has been given to activity, materialism to spirituality, and people build the churches. Right now the world in the form of the Book of unite all men in the brotherhood of the

there is some unsuspecting SpanishMormon, which declares again and anew gospel in ultimate peace, and I ask it in speaking contractor here in North Amerthat Jesus is the Christ. They will dethe name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

THE VOICE OF APPRECIATION

President David 0. McKay

Elder A. Theodore Tuttle of the First And now we have a cablegram from dollars. These men who have united in

Council of the Seventy, and now presithe other side of the world: "One hunrendering this service deserve our heartdent of the South American Mission, has dred and two French members in Paris felt gratitude for their utilizing modern

just addressed us. You will be pleased thrilled to hear their prophet, leaders, discoveries and inventions to reach these

to know that we already have word choir. Reception good."(Signed by people of the world—down in Central

from that country. I read one telegram, Shelby Arigona, branch president.) America, South America, Africa, France,

and here is another from Lima, Peru. I know that I express the gratitude of Germany, and the islands of the sea.

Just think, we were together this your hearts for the men who own these Just realize what you have experienced morning speaking to them through stations and who have united with the today! God bless these men.

shortwave radio. Here is an Answer Church in the great effort to apply The Tabernacle Choir will favor us

from the people listening in: "Shortmodern invention and discoveries to with the anthem, "Worthy is the Lamb,"

wave program of inspirational conferthe preaching of the gospel of Jesus conducted by Richard P. Condie, and

ence received perfectly in Lima, Peru."Christ. If we had had to pay for the the benediction will be offered by Elder

The cablegram was signed by Brother television and radio coverage we have Rulon J. Sperry, formerly President of

Vernon Sharp, president of the Andes had today, we should have had to exthe Netherlands Mission, after which

Mission. pend thousands, tens of thousands of this conference will be adjourned for

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NATIONAL AWARDS TO KSL TELEVISION

IN RECOGNITION OF LEADERSHIP AND SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY

WITH QUALITY PROGRAMMING The GEORGE FOSTER PEABODY Award for merThe GEORGE WASHINGTON HONOR Medal for itous achievement and outstanding public service "The Sound of a Bell"an outstanding achievement presented to KSL Television for "Let Freedom in helping to bring about a better understanding of

Ring."the American way of life.

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S NUMBER ONE TELEVISION STATION

Te&wtiah, KSL Channel 5 'Salt Lake City

JUNE 1962 467 six months. television and twentyfour radio stations to neglect the importance of the CreThe singing for this afternoon and in our own city and the nation for the ator's place in our hearts and in our

this morning, as you know, has been first time have carried the sessions of this homes; and in social intercourse we are

furnished by the members of the Taberconference from coast to coast and by prone to neglect the importance of nacle Choir. We have been inspired shortwave to countries all over the making the Creator the center of our

by their singing. I should like to say world. This has been the means of lives.

to you that we owe this group of singers permitting over sixty million people in Our religion is not a cloak to wear on a great debt. It is through their singing the United States and Canada, and Sunday and be hung in the closet for

and their influence throughout the many thousands more in foreign counthe rest of the week; neither is it someworld that we have had the unexcelled tries, to hear and see the proceedings of thing for nations to parade on certain

experience today of speaking to the this 132nd annual conference. occasions and then to wrap up in mothworld. Brother Arch L. Madsen, who Sixth, I should like to express perballs to await another occasion.

is of instrumental has head KSL, been sonally publicly and appreciation my are classifying rapidly today Men his friends associates inthrough and of the of the Hotel management Utah into themselves believers groups: two televisionradio in this obtaining and their associates, and and men women nonbelievers. and

coverage. reported thatworldwide He looking after comfort, your were who

I Edgar Hoover, says: quote, and J. reason these importantone owners why Sister particularly and and McKay's

is "There place in for here no America stations of to consented managersand managerial personnel, the mine—the patriots. is parttime face nation This this in conference,unite us with was elevators, the cooks, running the

to face the greatest with to ever danger of fact their the stations thatbecause I in the care world, girlswaitresses—nowhere it, sinister confront a condeadly and to bring privilegecould the the people not will go, find where you you more spiracy can conquered which only be by listeningof to the Taberworld-famous service. excellent

alert, is citizenry. It inan informed a Choir,nacle that drawing and was Seventh, especially appreciate we appalling deed of that some memberscard, course. of are of hundreds There those furnished singing the have who society critito continue our deplore and listeners. of millionsthousands and We this conference: throughout Brigham The cize stress those the communist who to the pleased verywere Taberhave University Choruses, Young Combined danger. this indifference to Public of as the partnacle Choir program

a large choir instruments musical and is threat suicide. to national tantamount isthis day. services this the That why Friday, the April on 6; College Ricks disaster. leads to Lethargy only Knowlat interrupted certain weremorning

April Saturday, the Choir 7; on Men's of to edge the alertness enemy, thetimes. stations on, were coming Some of last the Tabernacle Chorus Choir danger, everyday are patriotism the off. stations other were goingand evening. brick mortar and with can which we this participated have morning We their All contributed fortress build against an impregnable is services—paidin greater that something than we their expenses from Provo, Rexown communism."really know!

call burg, places. other and was Any I all heart the approve with apmy I like, in conclusion, should Now, given response. an immediate peal Brother that Tuttle only by made for express to inadequately,though you our Choir. Today, Tabernacle own of the will gospel Christ unite Jesus our of appreciation thoseour have who

I reference already You have what know hearts in faith in faith in his and God in thisparticipated conference. great

of their regarding appreciation our made existence, that the center him we makeFirst, for Authorities the the General to services to the world. lives, of of that the gospel our and Jesus given.inspirational messages have you

I think it was Carlyle who said, "In Eighth, we must not overlook these Christ is the plan whereby our hearts this world there is one godlike virtue, beautiful daffodils sent to us by airplane and lives and towns and nations can the essence of all that ever was or ever from the Tacoma Stake through the be united in bringing about universal peace of of Daffodil the kindness Valley brotherhood the Puyallup and man. inwill be of godlike this world—the lilies Festival. these calla that And lives! Christ, his does Jesus So Godveneration done to worth by human

the hearts of men."It is in that spirit came by air from the high priests quoBeloved Son, who gave the gospel, the

we mention the following and head it rum of the OaklandBerkeley Stake. eternal plan of salvation of the human

with your messages throughout the Ten thousand sweet peas from the Mesa soul. The Lord himself says, "... this

conference. Eleventh Ward, Mesa Stake, picked by is my work and my glory—to bring to

Second, to the public press and the members of the stake. pass the immortality and eternal life of

reporters for their fair and accurate reThank you, members and friends, for man"(Moses 1:39)—all mankind.

ports throughout the sessions. these beautiful flowers which fill the We have had a beautiful example of

Third, for the cooperation of the city Tabernacle with sunshine and fragrance. mutual service and mutual love throughofficials: As you have driven to and We appreciate the love and affection out this entire conference here in our

from Temple Square past these policewhich these flowers connote. We are own city.

men standing on the street corners, you not unmindful of the many hours spent God bless you, brethren and sisters, in pickthe of the by members Church responsibilities their and notedhave carry to back your you wards and these ing flowers arranging and faithfully discharged they havehow spirit for maystakes this of missions the and air. shipment by increased carefully the handlingthem, great, greatest of all conferences ever

traffic; also the Fire Department and Now, just a word by way of summary. held in the Church. I pray that God

the Red Cross, who have been on hand The paramount theme of this great conwill bless you with his guiding and to render assistance and service whenference has been the reality of God the protecting influence, that you may return ever and wherever needed. I am menFather and his Son Jesus Christ. The home without accident; be happy in the

tioning this because you know it is a founding fathers of our republic inknowledge that you are members of this wonderful thing to feel the spirit of cocorporated in the Preamble of our great kingdom and that you contribute operation in this great city. Constitution their belief in a Creator to the brotherhood of Christ. May that

Fourth, to the Tabernacle ushers who who had created mankind on a basis of Spirit emanate not only from you and have rendered service quietly, courteousequality with certain inalienable rights, your associates in the Church, but from ly, and efficiently in seating the great chief of which were life, liberty, and all who participated, whether they are audience at these conference sessions. the pursuit of happiness. members or not, in making this conFifth, I have already mentioned the In our daily desire for material sucference so ideally successful, I pray in

radio and television stations. Fiftytwo cess and pleasure, we have a tendency the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA His car is protected with Farmers Insurance, too.

Whether you spend your vacation in a twoman craft with an outboard or sail a threemasted schooner, Farmers has the protection you need—afloat and

ashore—at Farmers famous low rates.

Farmers also gives you the finest auto insurance. A million and a half motorists will tell you that Farmers is the

best auto insurance buy in America today.

Rates are low—usually substantially

lower than most companies.* Farmers

offers a generous discount for accidentfree driving. And if you own more than

one car you get additional discounts, if you qualify. And Farmers offers special

low rates for Americanmade compacts.

In addition, you get the fast, fair, friendly service for which Farmers is famous. Before renewal time rolls

around, look into the many advantages of Farmers Auto Insurance.

*In Texas you save by dividend payments.

CALL YOUR FARMERS AGENT

FOR ALL YOUR INSURANCE He's listed in the phone book under

Farmers Insurance Group. He's an

expert on AUTO, LIFE, FIRE, TRUCK, boat and commercial insurance.

Get them all from Farmers for finest coverage at low cost.

Fast -Fair -Friendly Farmers Insurance Group

AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK BOAT COMMERCIAL

JUNE 1962 469

George Q. Morris

( Continued from page 393 What an to the changing needs and benefit ward and stake outside the United of the youth of the Church. Under States was represented by their

his guidance, great massive choruses leaders. He was permitted to live

and other cultural festivals were deto see this dramatic beginning of a veloped in which thousands of young new era of worldwide organization EASY people participated. The attainments and influence of the Church. This

in these areas of activity reached is especially impressive when comnew levels of quality and mass propared to the humble status of the duction. The performances were Church on February 20, 1874, when

masterpieces of art and skill and rehe was born.

flected a new glory for Zion which A brief visit with his daughter, PAINT! lent pride and enthusiasm to the enMarian, readily reveals the vibrancy

tire Church. They also demonand industry of his youth. "He alstrated the inherent strength in ways loved the Church and never

wholesome, worthwhile activity. The neglected his meetings or church

preparations for such events were responsibilities as a boy,"she almost overwhelming, but Superinremarked.

tendent Morris felt they were all His first employment at age twelve justified if only one soul could be was at the Home Bakery where he saved thereby. commenced work each morning at

The Explorer program for older 3 am. He later worked at a brick-

** COLORS IN P'HT boys of the Church matured under yard, where his work area was his leadership and became the patchanged because of the rough, tern for a national organization plan coarse type of men with whom he

BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE which, in similar form, is still funcwas first assigned to associate. His

at the "Marble hard Yard"was often necessiand FLAT WALL FINISH tioning.Boy ScoutsHeofwasAmericarecognizedfor hisby conthe workand monotonous,

Comes Ready To Use tribution in this field of youth tated standing in slush and snow

No Lap Marks leadership by appointment as chairpolishing stone with frostbitten man of the Explorer committee of hands. He tried to offset these disSpatters Wipe Up With Damp Cloth the National Council. agreeable conditions by reciting to

No Paint Fumes The crowning honor and contribuhimself Milton's Paradise Lost.

Clean Up With Water tion to the work of the Lord came to A story of his mother's life is rethis good man at the age of eighty plete with incidents of reciprocal

Yours in your choice of when he was called to the Council devotion, indicating a rare type 1,322 colors in of the Twelve Apostles. With the of affectionate and expressive relamellowness of years and judgment, tionship.

seasoned by rich experience, he took Marian describes him, during her Bennett's to the quorum a dignity and stability childhood, as a "magnificent horsewhich associates soon learned to man, always controlling his mount treasure and which was appreciated with gentle firmness, an excellent by members of the Church everymarksman, an ardent hiker, generPAI NTS where. ally of unfrequented trails, and a

65 W. 1st South 21st So. & 2nd West His philosophy regarding leadermarvelous swimmer and diver."

BENNETT'S BRANCHES AND DEALERS ship was expressed in his message During the summer of 1897 he and in the Intermountain Area and So. California to the Mutual Improvement Asso- a boyhood companion swam seven

ciation upon release as General miles from Garfield to Saltair in

Superintendent, as follows: "The Great Salt Lake.

opportunity for service in the Church As a young man, he worked his of of at Christ school Saints Latterday Jesus way through IJUUL JLJnkJLJ lie in not University does organization one University or Young and the ENTAL auxiliary alone, but lies in the of Utah as a craftsman in his father'sTYPEWRITERS Brigham

Especially suited membership of the Church. From tile and monument business. Upon

membership, we may be called to completion of his schooling at the and adjusted for positions of leadership—and whenUniversity of Utah in 1899, he was

that to serve in a mission Great call comes, we grow if we called genealogical work ever it."Britain. accept labored in the Welsh He

LOWEST RATES... RENTAL MAY It must have been a source of conference and later presided over

BE APPLIED TOWARD PURCHASE satisfaction for Elder Morris (even the London conference. Upon his

though he could not be present) to return home in 1902, he was called enjoy the 132nd annual conference to serve on the Salt Lake StakeSCHREYEKS proceedings and realize that every Young Men's Mutual ImprovementTYPE RTOHT*roSTORK

YOUR OVumpiet DEALER 28 WEST FIRST SOUTH DA 8-9726 470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Terrific Value... While They Last!

BELL & HOWELL MOVIE CAMERA With Sunometer and Leather Camera Case

The reason for this sensational low price is that these particular cameras have very slight imperfections in their finishes. They're

almost impossible to find, but wouldn't pass Bell & Howell's critical inspectors. Otherwise, they are perfect in every respect.

Easy to use indoors or out. Check the Sunometer, set the Sun

Dial and shoot your movies. Complete with f 1.9 Sunometer

camera and leather case.

Come In, Phone or Order By Mail!

Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main—2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

Downtown and Cottonwood <

feme stands,s A moment to remember forever -

and it will be everything you ve dreamed i u i r-'ci of when you let ZCMI help with all

the details of your wedding and reception

Wedding Gowns, Trousseau Wide selection of styles and prices.

Gown shown, 55.00; veil, 12.98.

Bride's Shop Downtown, second floor

Cottonwood Fashions, first floor

Wedding Planning Service Advise in every detail, from the

invitations to the receiving line.

Bride's Shop Downtown, second floor

Wedding Gift Registry Register your preference in home trousseau items. Shower planning, too.

Downtown, third floor; Cottonwood, second floor

JUNE 1962 471 Association board, and in 1904 suche was called to preside over the set apart from any other young ceeded Elder George Albert Smith Eastern States Mission. In October people of the world. All of the

as stake superintendent. Elder Morris 1951, he was sustained as Assistant attainment that others may achieve,

served until 1908 when he became a to the Council of the Twelve and you, too, may reach. But there is a

counselor in the bishopric of the on April 6, 1954, he was called to be 'plus element'in our lives, and that

Fourteenth Ward. He was released a member of the Council of the is the gospel of Jesus Christ. Our

in 1913 and recalled to be stake Twelve. young people have got to be spiritsuperintendent of the Young Men's He was born in Salt Lake City, ual leaders. They're not like other

Mutual Improvement Association for the son of Elias Morris and Mary L. people. They have a special calling,

one year only, when he was susWalker Morris. In 1905, in the Salt and they ought to take great pride

tained as bishop of the Fourteenth Lake Temple, he married Emma in that."

Ward. In 1924 he was called to the Ramsey, one of Utah's talented musiParticularly appropriate is this

general board of the Young Men's cians. Elder and Sister Morris thought which was included in his

Mutual Improvement Association have three daughters, Marian, conference address of October 1956, where he served as chairman of the Margery M. Woods, and Helen M. pertaining to the origin of man: "Let

committee for the Improvement Era Stewart, and one granddaughter, us realize who we are, what we are, and The Young Woman's Journal. Linda Tyler Stewart. and how we should live. Think how

Under his chairmanship, these two The conference messages he left fantastic that a man, who is a son magazines were combined in Novemfor us and for those who follow, of God, should deny God and insist ber 1929, creating a publication ininclude masterful treatments of he came from a low form of life.

tended to serve the entire Church. basic principles of the gospel and How preposterous that is! The Lord

While still a member of the general reflect the orderliness and depth of Jesus Christ, who created man and board, Elder Morris was sustained his thinking. They included such earth, has, from the creation, deas a counselor in the Ensign Stake timely themes as: Eternal Marriage, clared that we all originated in

presidency, holding both positions The Reason for Sin, The Atonement, heaven. His teachings are that we

Fast Offerings, Origin of Man, and were perfectly organized beings with concurrently for seven years. In The Divinity of Jesus. spiritual bodies similar in form to

1935 he became first assistant general Sensing the great mission of the our mortal bodies, but of finer matesuperintendent to Elder Albert E. youth of the Church, Elder Morris rial, that we are the sons and daughBowen and two years later was left this stirring appeal as recorded ters of God."

called to be general superintendent, in the Deseret NewsSalt Lake TeleHis conference address of October which office he held until 1948 when gram, February 14, 1959: "You are 2, 1955 included the following preFrom the first blank sheet... to the last printlike copy

you'll like the way a new A. B. Dick mimeograph works for you.

FAST—up to 200 copies per minute. New paper feed system guards against jams and misses. CLEAN—ink flows

uniformly and automatically. Copies come out dry—no slip sheeting needed. VERSATILE—produce printlike

copies in black, color, or multicolors. And, with A. B. Dick electronically prepared stencils you can reproduce

copies of any suitable printed original—or parts of printing, pictures, drawings or writing which you just clip and

paste on paper to create your own original. Send coupon today!

A. B. Dick Company, Dept. IE 6-2, 5700 West Touhy Ave., Chicago 48, Illinois

Please call me and arrange a I5minute demonstration.

For use with all makes of suitable stencil D Please send printlike mimeographed samples. duplicating products.

Name:.

Title: Firm:

ABDICK* Address:.Phone:

DUPLICATING PRODUCTS City:.Zone...State:.

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA diction of the Prophet Joseph Smith:

"Our missionaries are going forth to different nations, and in Germany,

Palestine, New Holland, Australia, the East Indies, and other places;

the Standard of Truth has been erected; no unhallowed hand can

stop the work from progressing; persecutions may rage, mobs may combine, armies may assemble, calumny

may defame, but the truth of God will go forth, boldly, nobly, and independent, till it has penetrated every continent, visited every clime, swept every country, and sounded in every ear, till the purpose of God shall be accomplished and the Great

Jehovah shall say, the work is done."

(DHC 4:540.)

This represented his innermost feelings concerning the destiny of the Church. Significantly Elder

Morris alluded in several of his conference addresses to the prophecy of

Daniel. (Dan. 2:44.) This unquestionably bore heavily upon his mind

during the closing years of his life.

The following statement, made at It wasn't the Goths the October 1959 conference, bearsthis out: "This is the kingdom of that defeated Rome...

God. Daniel saw this day, and we

should realize, and I hope our chilrealize, part thatdren we are taking It was the free circuses prophetsin events and saw which described centuries ago that the

Lord knew would take place; and

in my judgment all that is going on in the world today—is being utilized

for the consummation of his holy Luxuries, power, indulgence had made the oncetough Roman purposes as he has always done."people soft. To stay popular, their emperors gave them more and

His final conference message to more of the ease they craved—free bread, free circuses, easier living.

the Church, given in April 1960, left, So the Romans softened up themselves for the ambitious, hardin prophetic terms, this same mesworking barbarians. And in 410 A.D. the greatest nation the world had

to for peoplesage everywhere ever seen was invaded and destroyed.

In part it said:ponder. "God has

declared that his kingdom is to conThe greedy cry of "something for nothing,"the stupid whine of sume all nations of the world. The "somebody should sacrifice, not me"—could do exactly the same

issues are now clearly drawn, and for this nation NOW.

the time will come when Satan, The founder of this bank, Brigham Young, believed in preserving again, by the power of the Only man's individuality, independence and dignity. This is still one of the

shall castBegotten, down, and be will reign and principles for which this bank stands. Christ supreme,Jesus

all those who believe and accept the If you would like your savings account or your trust fund in an fulness of the gospel and devote extra safe and sound, independent bank, "See Zions First National themselves with all their hearts to first."You can open your account by mail.

the building up of his kingdom will be saved and honored with him."

Elder Morris was liberal in hisreferences to the scriptures, and his ZIONS familiarity with them was readily apparent whenever he spoke. Healso frequently referred to pertinent FIRST NATIONAL

quotations from contemporary literature. Having forsaken self for his fellow BRIGHAMFOUNDEDYOUNGBY BANK

men, he has gained the plaudits of 1873 Offices: 70 East South Temple 102 South Main 235 South Main

4835 Highland Drive Kearns

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

JUNE 1962 473.

man, a humble share of the world's goods, and the greatest of all giftseternal life.

Elder Richard L. Evans expressed

most eloquently the feelings of all

Latterday Saints when he said:

"Some things are so constant, their passing is all the more missed, like a lovely melody no longer sung—

Brother Morris will be missed."

The hand that doffed this gentleman's hat may have been stilled, his steps have, come to a halt. The

charm of his smile may be set in repose; but the stone which he

carved and polished with care—in

the service he gave—will stand

through eternity for the blessing of all who honor the truth.

Turned in or out?

(Continued from page 399)

The illustrations accompanying this article portray the contrast between the point of view of the selfish and the unselfish life. These

Selecting the "right"architect for your church building simple sketches convey the emphasis program is one of the most important decisions you for which every teacher in the have to make. Here's a new 12page guide that gives Church should strive.

you a stepby-step plan for architect selection... How often have you, as an inprovides you with a helpful worksheet for determining structor, unwittingly taught your

your needs... tells you what to expect from your students to be "turnedin"? The anarchitect... and how to create a good working swer lies in the degree to which you

relationship. The booklet was written by Robert L. have tried to make your lessons impressive pointing out to your by of Architectural the Church Durham, member FAIA and students will a mission how much

It the Rilco developed has been Guild of America. by help they them, benefit can how by

Engineered Wood Products Division of Weyerhaeuser paying tithing, what they can gain

Company to make your building program as simple and by attending Church meetings, what efficient as possible. Send for your free booklet today. blessings are inherent in holding the

priesthood, and how much greater the measure of happiness is for those arches Rilco laminated and beams wood are who marry in the temple, and why of worship. for a house a natural The warm

hues and subtle grain patterns create a dramait pays to be honest. A properly

tic architectural character unduplicated by any "turnedout"lesson would be oriented cost is Initial low, erection material. other

costs minimal. maintenance fast and To giveis as follows: you interesting ideas on the use of laminated How can I best prepare myself

wood, a Rilco Church Construction booklet for effective missionary work? How

also accompanies the Church Architect booklet. can I build the kingdom of God

through faithful payment of my

Weyerhaeuser tithes and offerings? How will my

at attendance benechurch meetings Company others? will a temple marHow Rilco Engineered Wood fitriage for provide a better home my Division Products

Dept. B-550 Tacoma 1, Wash. children? How will personal honesty help others be honest?

Please send me your new booklet, Selecting The Savior repeatedly urged his with Church Architect, Your and Working tolisteners to put selfcenteredness begether Rilco Construction with the Church

Ideas booklet. hind them. "He that findeth his life

shall lose it: and he that loseth his

Name.... life for my sake shall find it."

Church. (Matthew 10:39.)

Address The Prophet Joseph Smith desigCity Zone..State

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nated section 65 of the Doctrine and::aajgte

Covenants as a prayer. Every teacher

should strive to inculcate the same yearning contained therein in the hearts of his students.

"Pray unto the Lord, call upon his holy name, make known his wonderful works among the people.

"Call upon the Lord, that his kingdom may go forth upon the earth, that the inhabitants thereof may receive it, and be prepared for the days to come, in which the Son of

Man shall come down in heaven, clothed in the brightness of his glory, to meet the kingdom of God which The stabilizerequipped Queen Elizabeth is set up on earth.

"Wherefore, may the kingdom of and Queen Maryby far the world's largest

God go forth, that the kingdom of heaven may come, that thou, O God, superlinersoffer fiveday express so in heaven be glorifiedmayest on crossings to and from Europe! No otherearth, that thine enemies be may

subdued for thine is the honor, form of transportation provides as much.

power and glory, forever and ever,

Amen."(D&C 65:4-6.) Each year, over 100,000 passengers sail to and from Europe

aboard the Queen Elizabeth and Queen Mary. Here is a true

We Dined with tribute to the luxury, speed, travel value, and fun of these two superliners—the world's largest. When you travel toGeorge Bernard Shaw

Europe, sail aboard the "Queens"—or any of five other

(Continued from page 397) Cunard liners in regular service from New York and Canada.

think about education?"Cunard also offers a yearround cruise program

"Well,"I replied, "sometimes, to suit every season, taste and budget.

many times, you think out loud, and then it gets written down and pubLuxurious cruises aboard the fast, elegant, airconditioned lished and everybody knows what Caronia and Mauretania take you to enchanting ports you think."

"Is that so?"he replied. "Tell me, throughout the world. The program includes cruises to the

what do I think about education?"Mediterranean in Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring; to

Luckily, I had a clipping in my the North Cape in Summer; Around the World, or to the

desk. I picked it up, saying: "This West Indies and South America in Winter.

was printed in John O'London's

Weekly: 'I was educated at the Cunard by air, too! Cunard Eagle "Londoner Jet"service offers 3 flights

Dublin National Art Gallery, at the weekly to London via Nassau and Bermuda from Miami and Jamaica.

rehearsals of musical masterpieces GETTING THERE IS HALF THE FUN! GOwhich took place at our home in the

course of my mother's activities as a singer, on the hills and beaches of

Dublin Bay, and by every book Icould lay my hands on. UnfortuCUNARDCUNARD LINEICUNARD EAGLE AIRWAYS

nately, this education was interrupted by periods of imprisonment in dens SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT called schools, where I learned nothing—G. Bernard Shaw."Please send me, without obligation:

quotaat the laughed Mr. Shaw I am interested in sailing First Classtion. discussed what Then we edu- G BrochureCabin on travelTouristto Europe.

cation should mean in the lives of Cunard Eagle Airways literature.

people. "Mr. Shaw,"I said, "when my Brochures on the following cruises:

husband returns from the continent {Write in Name of Cruise and season) won't you and your wife please come and have dinner with us some Name evening at our home at Number 5 De Address.

Vere Gardens in Kensington where City -Zone. -Statewe all may become acquainted and The name of my travel agent is Mail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

JUNE 1962 475 enjoy each other?"

His eyes twinkled as he said: "Yes,

I think we will. I think we'd be

glad to, unless you come and have dinner with us first. That would be

more fun for you, wouldn't it?"

"Indeed it would,"I replied, "and then we may ask you to return our visit."He rose to go with the book about my grandfather tucked under his arm. As I saw him leave the building, I thought: That was a most

interesting visit, whether or not anything more comes of it. And my

husband made a wrong guess this time!

There followed the rush of packing and of farewell socials, and time seemed so limited that finally my husband had to say that no more invitations would be accepted or

BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth we'd never make the boat for our about the "lying allure of liquor."return. He instructed Harriet, our

HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the housekeeper,saying that weto wereanswernotphonein, a callsperalcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about fectly acceptable phrase in England

liquor to want to have no part of it? which covered our situation.

said that Harriet a morning One "IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Mr. the line, was on Shaw and when

Insurance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF she had told him we were not in, he

THOSE WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile had replied: "Of course they're in.

insurance company, for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for You go tell Mrs. Widtsoe that Mr.

you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money Shaw wishes to speak with her."

at the same time. I picked up the telephone.

"Ah'r you the'ah?"came the

If you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and ingreeting.

sure with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile "Yes, Mr. Shaw, I'm here. Where

insurance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who are you?"

"I calling and am at home I am say, "No Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an for Mrs. you would Shaw who

explanation of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree you and your husband to come andlike drivers, return this coupon now. have dinner with us next Friday.

* IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible. Don't tell me you can't come, because I know you can put it in

ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON somehow."I replied, "Indeed, we will be most

Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. I underhappy to accept and delighted with

stand there is no obligation. IE-6-62 the invitation."

Mam* My auto insurance He then made sure that we had xpircs:

Address. Month his London address. We were there

City State Dayin good time and were received at

Occupation. Year. the door by Mrs. Shaw.

Age.Age of principal driver of auto.Age of youngest driver. Now let me introduce her to you.

Make of Car. -Year..No. Cylinders. Mrs. Shaw was short and plump

Body type & Model (Scries) as Mr. Shaw was tall and lanky.

intelligray twinkled eyes with

Pleasure of CarBusiness work-.miles one way. Her Use and from To Q gence, act spelled every her and.children with. Principal Married Driver: Status of Marital O

Single, living at home Q Single business and efficiency. Her hair

?{0M'Send me free copy of Christian Herald article. was just turning gray and was cut

short and waved in the latest fashion.

ACCIOtMTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL She was essentially an efficient, inINSURANCE COMPANY telligent business partner for her gifted husband—the kind of woman

150 South 4th East, Dept. 660 he needed to compensate for his

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 41931 flights of fancy and creative genius.

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a new American Ace When the sky was first used for war, the job of aerial interception could

She led us into the long sitting be handled by daredevil youths with 30 caliber machine guns and canvasroom of their apartment. From the covered biplanes. Today, interception is a job that has to be handled by a

huge windows of their living room different kind of Ace, a machine that is half electronic brain and half bomb could be seen and heard "Big Ben"—the NikeZeus. It's a supersonic Ace that can intercept an airplane or a

as he pealed out the time of day. missile traveling at thousands of miles an hour. To build it, American

The other side of the room was missile men needed a light but exceptionally strong metal for the motor filled with books—books of every case. United States Steel research scientists provided the materia!—an

description. of In the midst them

it alloy steel rolled into wider, longer, thinner sheets than any ever rolled. I book, and noted my mother's

showed evidences of having been In a new process called "sandwich rolling"the alloy steel is placed between read. Nearby were copies of the two heavier plates of carbon steel, heated, then rolled into the strong,

Book of Mormon and Doctrine and lightweight sheets needed for a missile's skin. This is one example of

Covenants. why steel is the most vital material in our growing missile program.

In due time dinner was anAmerica grows with steel.

nounced, and as I turned the wine glasses upside down which were for

Dr. Widtsoe and myself, Mr. Shaw

leaned over and whispered to me, "Good, I don't drink, either."

The meal was served with much sparkle as we jollied back and forth.

Mrs. Shaw took her part, for she

certainly was not a silent partner of her husband.

He told me afterward that when he knew we were coming he had said to his wife, "What are we going to feed these people, anyway? I

hear their diet is different from ours."To which his practical wife replied, "Fiddlesticks! They will enjoy some good English food the

same as the rest of us."

And she was right.

After our visit had ended, and it was time for us to leave, Mr.

Shaw accompanied us to the lift (as they call an elevator over there), and told us he hoped to see us again. We urged him to visit us

when he came to the States again and hoped he would come a little farther west and see our home country and how in less than one hundred years, our people had made "the desert blossom as the rose."((jgS) United States Steel One of the choicest expressions

of Mr. Shaw might have been his TRADEMARK

own obituary. It expresses my own

feelings as a key to my life:

"I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the whole community, and as long as I live, it is my privilege to do for it whatsoever I can.

I want to be thoroughly used up when I die, for the harder I work, the more I live. I rejoice in life for

its own sake. Life is no brief candle

to me. It is a sort of splendid torch

which I have got hold of for a moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing salt lake city it on to future generations."

SuHwMwii imtMtylmtid pool

JUNE 1962 477 deluxe cushioned comfort IT'S THE To Convictions End in a compact (Continued from page 394) folding chair BALANCE There were no large boats in view the river, so found the young man spot, settled THAT COUNTS ona shady himself comfortably, and gazed in complete content These beautiful, budgetminded chairs offer at the wide, pleasant expanse of theioneddeluxebacks,comfortserve ofequallyspringwellseatsforandreligiouscushwater and the one commercial vessel services, social and club functions, classes and meetings. fold in They one simple operation, tied to not up the dock far from store in neatly space. minimum Send today for OnlyClabberGi sat. a free where he catalog showing the complete Heywoodbalanced doubl Wakefield line. seating unkempt, husky roustabouts Two guarantees unit

tion in the mixi were loading crates and boxes onto that final uniforr the small craft while a deepvoiced and even textun... Balanced doi giant of a man alternately cursed

action means and bellowed orders. Otto paid

better baking. their activities scant attention until a

slender, darkhaired girl came out of the ship's cabin and addressed the big man.

So engrossed was Otto in the way the sun glanced off her dark hair,

that at first he failed to catch the CLABBER GIRL making it gleam with burnished red, 7 X content of her words. But when she

EXCLUSIVELY known as the was seized roughly by the arm and

Baking Powder with the forced up onto the dock, he bristled instinctively. Jkm BALANCED HEYW00D-

. "Papa, girl please.."the pleaded, WAKEFIELDl double action "let for just hour!"an She me go

tried to pull free of his restraining hand, but he held her savagely, jerkHEYWOOD WAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH.

ing her almost off her feet in a frenzy of anger. "You shall not!"he shouted, utterHER HEALTH IS ALLSTATE TOURS ing an oath as she continued to try IN YOUR HANDS!

free herself. is children's health Your New, Convenient Way to Travel to

inHere's an "But, Papa..."she began to cry precious. get to expensive way

helplessly. Outraged by her tears, diet.more nutritionStone grindinto theiryour the man shook her. By now they flour a few hours before

were opposite Otto's vantage point, bakingrolls. Enjoyyour purebreadwheatand

and the offensive language the big processed by you... SEARS

ROEBUCK AND CO man hurled at his defenseless victim jdu*i&/yjfcwiii* avoid chemical additives.

and his brutality aroused the boy beyond endurance. As the girl cringed

in terror, Otto sprang up and rapidly INVEST IN A | % crossed the short distance between LEE HOUSEHOLD them.

"Look here, sir,"he began, his FLOUR MILL

Automatic voice strangely deep and resonant

Portable # Electric for so small "I object to your a man, # treatment of the young woman."Economical

Taken completely by surprise, the OrderChoice today!of 4 mills.

big man stared at Otto openmouthed Write for prices!

introducSave on offer. flour tory

coupon with Send SEE THE WORLD hisfor severalvoice andsecondsroaredbeforethreateningly,he found check or money Just say: "CHARGE IT""Object! You object? She is my der for 5-lb. pkg.,or-

... No Money Down daughter. I do as I please. Get out stoneshipped.ground day

of my way!"

Plan or Sears Easy Use your Payment

Revolving to Otto budged not an inch, nor did MilwaukeeLEE ENGINEERING1, Wis. CO Sears Account Charge

vacation in all the exciting places his glance waver before the fire in you've dreamed about. Go the ALLthe other's eyes. Wideeyed and I LEE ENGINEERING CO., Dept. IE62

Wisconsin 2023 Ave., 1, Wis. Milwaukee W. 8-2071, STATE Phone TOURS way. DA speechless, girl the stood looking

.... I 5-lb. Flour, pkg. Smith $1.50 Deaf in Salt ppd. Only Sears Catalog Desk City Lake

other. from to the one

details. for 5-lb. Flour, Minn.... Wis. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00 | not authority "I do your doubt

I Name. Fair,.. Visit The Seattle World's

Low as $25.75... or $4 per month Street I

City State

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA continued theover girl,"Otto quietly, hed Moment allow I cannot"but you to mistreat her."His pleasant, perfectly modulated as surprisingvoice as his unwas

Instinctivelybelievable courage. the \\ edding announcegirl drew closer to his side, a movements for that important

ment which was not lost on her father. event. A wide selection of

it?""Just can what you do about

styles and cards that would sarcastically. "I raise askedhe Otto

her from a baby... always she do please the most discrimexactly what I say!"

"I only wanted to go for an hour, inating bride.

Papa,"the girl pleaded again. Father

and daughter looked at each other;

an expression of craftiness gradually infused the man's coarse features, The West's Finest changing slowly to a look of secret, Printers and Binders wicked glee.

"Well,"he almost whispered, raising on the balls of his feet and rockDeseret ing his body slowly back and forth.

He still spoke to the girl, but studied

Otto intently. "You go. But not foran hour; for good! Always now I News

have trouble with you. Maybe he

will take care of you."

"Papa, you don't mean...?"But 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

he was gone, turning on his heel and EM 4-2581 running for the boat, where he SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH plunged onto the deck and shouted to his men to cast off.

The girl stood as if turned to stone, so dazed by the rapidity and shock of she events to attempt made no YOUR WHOLE FAMILY WILL GO follow. Otto, however, ran to the

water's edge, calling to the men on board. A look and a signal from their FOR LYNN WILSON PRODUCTS!captain willed the men to silence. As

if they had not been witnesses to the scene on shore, they ignored Otto SPECIAL PRICES completely. Quickly and efficiently For Church Groups on all

they carried out the captain's orders.

Even as Otto continued to wave franWilson Products:

tically, the ship pulled away from the dock and started downstream, Beef Steaks, Veal Steaks, leaving a rapidly widening length of Potato Salads, Cole Slaw, water between the boat and the two bewildered young people on the Gelatin Salads, Tacos, bank. Tortillas, Chili Con Carne,

Slowly Otto turned, dismayed at Pizza and Tamales.

the folly of his impetuous though wellmeant action. The girl looked

at him helplessly, too numbed to cry. "What are you called?"Otto asked

her kindly, searching his mind for some small crumb of comfort to offer. "I am Anna,"she told him, so softly he had to move closer to Phone HU 6-8716hear.

"I am called Otto,"he answered, 1811 West 17th South

Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE 1962 479 JUST OFF THE PRESS! WISE MEN

PLAN AHEAD trying for cheerfulness. "Tell me, WORKMAN FAMILY HISTORY

rr. Anna, do you have any relatives

here? Maybe an aunt? A grandmother or...?"

He paused as she shook her head.

"Papa is my family,"she said. It was

an expression of fact, stated with no hint of selfpity. It had never occurred to Anna that her lot was

unusual. Her mother she had never

known, for she had died the day

Anna was born. The only home she

with father'scould rememberboat, plyingwasdailyaboardbetweenher sailors father of call. ports her The retells the HISTORY FAMILY The WORKMAN HOME STUDY of the fascinating schoolstory of the growth her only Workman been employed had

masters; her father's indomitable will family and the part it played in the history of

the absolute rule of her life. She had America.to its originTheamongparalleltheBilyeuearlyfamilyFrenchis Huguenots.also traced Please send FREE known nothing else. The book contains over 700 pages and is highhistorical pictures.

FAMILY HISTORY covers the Home Study catalog ily,"Of"we'llcourse,"find yourOtto father.encouragedHe surelyhastlightedThewithWORKMANmany

to: can't mean to leave you like this. major family lines through the entire United States

first in of the families the 1647 to immigrant interest to with vital anyone today. Workman Of Name Buthomeinwiththeme.meantime,My motheryou'llwillcomecare from connections. or Bilyeu

Address for you."Priced at only $15.00 while the supply lasts.

When Otto returned home with his Fill in attached coupon and place your order now.

City State companion and explained the situaMRS. LYDIA W. BILLINGS

Avenue Logan 375

City, Salt Lake:&Lil to: Home Stiady tion,little hisupset.parentsBeingwerekindlymore people,than a Young Brigham Utah University however, they could not turn a HISTORYPleasefor sendwhichmeI enclose $ copies of the WORKMAN FAMILY

Provo, T Tta,li friendless girl away. She became a Name..

guest in their home, fed, clothed, Address and cared for, while they attempted City Stateto locate her father.

Otto's home both amazed and delighted Anna. She was so genuinelyFILMS grateful for every crumb of kindness it was impossible for RAIN BIRD DEVELOPED shown her that

for EVERY sprinkling needAND PRINTED errou thea fewhouseholdweeks, sheto remainwas madedistant.to feelIn

of the family. a member For Exposure or 1 2 any 6, 8 8 * W Roll like

Roll only PRINTS 35c per lengthened into months; /'/ JUMBO Weeks

still Anna's father made no effort to rejoin her. Messages left at each port COLOR FILM of call were either not received or

Whatever DEVELOPING ignored. requirements your—sprinklinglarge

area, small area, along as the days and went more More KODACOLOR walks, trees, under sought Anna's Otto company, Roll 8-Exposure per by, hillsides on a there's—Printing roll Dev. and $2.55 his discussing studies her with and Rain Bird to model do

Roll 12Exposure per that finding quick, response a keen job the efficiently without Dev. Printing roll and $3.00

are water waste. There delighted him. displayed an She Reprints Color 20 each

Bird Rain Sprinklers which for eagerness that knowledge was can for be adjusted any SLIDES satisfied. plied COLOR never the whole She of circle, part full or

Slid es Color 135 per mm circle, storing family questions, with distance and of up exp., Dev. roll 20 and Mount $1.35 All throw. give their answers to in water taken out be Slid es Color 1 35 per mm slow, uniform coverage exp., solitude, roll Dev. 36 over. considered, Mount mulled and and $2.40 with maximum Color Movie per

watering benefits. apti- a remarkable Anna showed 25'8 roll Roll mm, $1.35

for tude mathematics. could She add

high same a long of figures in The correctly column quality andGENEALOGY PHOTOS advancement, her before head get could the Otto which has of OLD NEGATIVES MADE distinguished sum on paper. especially down He 60c each. PRINTS PHOTOS, Bird throughout the

this admired quality often for is and years, urged worldRain 26 of NEGATIVE, 4c each in inherent Rain every Bird her to skill her show groups among sprinkler today. you buy coin only C.O.D.'s Send - no

MoneyBack Guarantee of his friends. One afternoon he

came upon her unexpectedly. She Literature gladly sent free on request.

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, CaliforniaSAM'SP. O. Box 1115 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah 627

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was pouring over one of his textbooks, a frown of deep concentration Long wrinkling her brow. followed He

pointingher finger the pasDistance is and read sage aloud. To his surprise, she disone of the

cussed it with him at length and with amazing perception. happy

From that time on Otto managed to spend some time each evening things studying with Anna. Under his in life.tutorship her mind opened like a

thirsty flower—never tiring; never Pick up

filled.

Even poorly dressed, Anna was a your phone comely young woman. Now with

careproper she and good clothing, and striking. for Otto's feelingwas her go visiting love. ripened intosoon asked He

his parents'permission to make her—tonight!

his wife.

They set up housekeeping in a MOUNTAIN tiny, rented flat. Otto found emSTATES

ployment to support his own houseTELEPHON.

hold.

For the young bride life was filled with neverending wonder. She

absorbed it all hungrily—gratefully.

Her devotion to the man who had made it all possible was unlimited.

To Anna, Otto communicated his yearning for far countries, daring to express to her thoughts and desires which he had, in deference to his parents'plans and hopes for his future, kept to himself. Anna soon

discovered a deep restlessness in her husband, a longing for somethingsome intangible but compelling thing which he could not define even to her. Somehow it was linked with

the water and with the ships he loved to watch. How—or why—he

did not know.

Otto's parents were devout Lutherans. He had grown up in the A Happy Wedding Is Your Wedding

faith, never questioning. Now he When you obtain your wardrobe from Utah's largest formal wear rental house.

began seriously to teach the doctrine Our large stock insures you of latest styles, perfect fit, complete satisfactio to his wife. As with all else he Tuxedos—Wedding Gowns

taught her, she embraced it wholeSALT LAKE COSTUMEheartedly. IN 7-9494 1701 South 11th East

Each evening a period of time was set aside for study of religion. Otto

had never before felt the inclination or the necessity to delve too deeply 11 tt into the origin or tenets of his faith. BURNED OUTBut his was not a mind to accept any

fact as truth without question. First REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

it reflected studied, upon, must be tested. for the first time he A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, Now

applied these principles to his with tremendous added expense before you find religion. Instead of this study quietanother.

ing the restlessness and dissatisfacLet us explain your need for ample insurance tion that had plagued him for so to cover today's higher values.

long, it increased daily until at times, bewildered and unhappy, he spokesharply to his wife whom he loved UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

JUNE 1962 481 You can lose weight with delicious, economical with all his heart.

Anna had no memory of living in

SURE MEAL atookreal herhousehomeuntilto thehis dayfamily.that OttoShe

After more than five years on the market. attacked the problems of learning to

satisfactory prodthe most Sure zeal Meal she a with the same keep home its for thousands helping of is kindstill of uct atelse she to everything gave every their control Contains weight! people

nutritional essential element diet. For want toin usea lowcaloriesafflower tempted. One day she prepared an those who

for tasty husespecially her 1 dinner used oil, servings 2 can be or Sure Meal Grill Finest Cleaner B-B-Q World's highthe provide daily to recommended of for the look longing band, in eliminate diet and protein your many of grill? new, dirty tube that of A Ashamed

fish meals. Order and heavy, mpat expensive that in his eyes approval had come it 'will Grill have Cleaner faster Speed Oven size below: Check Sure today; Meal

of Just a minutes. to to happiness. as in her matter important clean new be so

20Meals, $4.75; Q 40Meals, $9.00 But this day Otto chose to be late. brush it on... let it set... wash it off! That's

240Meals (Case), $45.00 Anna checked the clock a dozen inall theyou world,do. OvendoesSpeed,the rest.finestForB-B-Qa generouscleaner

times. congealed The dinner write to: Fenco magic, Speed's on the sample of Oven Tired of being tired? Try California. Ojai, Box 685C, soggy and unattracCorporation, table; became P.O.

its in red unbreakable, Speed buy Oven miserably on Or She sat huddled DAILY SUPPLY tive. LYMAN'S cents tube. 98 Just at your favoryellow and sofa, at starting the slightest the

Ojai. Corporation, ite or from market, Fenco - Mineral Natural Vitamin sound.

Allin - One Tablets Finally he came, taking the steps three at a time and bursting into

Less than 2c per tablet! the room as if the devil and all his

mineral known vitamin Contain and every of angels were after him. suspected those well as as to be needed

Ideal diet! in the daily needed being for "Anna,"he shouted, "see what I've

for Special discount Church groups. all age

fundraising projects. found!"

500 Tablets, $8.95; 100 Tablets, $1.95 Clutched in his hand was a

D 2,000 Tablets, $32.50 printed leaflet. Exultantly he waved

this your face. State ad. name, adit her and before mail Mark FOLDING

to: order dress. or check Send money "... the street,"he continued On

breathlessly, "just lying on the street PEDESTAL TABLES ASSOCIATESDON & LYMAN for anyone to kick aside or step on!"ingDirectto Churches,from factorySchools,savSalt 9th South, Lake City 5, Utah 1087 East

"You're late for dinner,"Anna ac- I Clubs, Lodges and all organicused, the hours of toil and anxious..J zations.Folding BanquetMONROETables1962are

waiting evident in her voice. "DinPartitions 'n unmatchedbility, conveniencefor quality,and handdura- ner's ruined."

...?"THE "dinner"Dinner,"Otto echoed; then again, everysome appearance.use. Write for94 models and sizes for were as if the word BIG FREE1962 CATALOG

his tables, chairs, foreign to Full line understanding. pictures. Color "What MONROE

platformrisers, porttrucks, and chair here than food, I have is more IMPROVEMENT

Write today! partitions. more tableable

. floundered than.."he for words St., Colfax, Iowa CO.. Church 249 THE MONROE ERA to express his feelings. "Let me

show you my dear!"

that In a voice with shook emoAN IDEAL GIFT FOR little YES! tion, to read his wife Otto a

Weddings, Birthdays, Servicetract printed in America, and carried Your WardStake M.I.A., Remen, Missionaries, Friends, to Germany by a Mormon elder. lief Society can make money.

New Members Had it not been for his insatiable

Rent: thirst never We for knowledge, he might Lovely gift card sent Cone Machines, Candy Snow the printed to pick have stooped up

in your name pages, blown by chance into his Floss Machines, Popcorn MaSend only $3.00 for path. Or, having glanced at the chines

12 big issues to message, might have tossed it careWe Sell:

lessly aside to be trampled again in Candy, Fountain Syrups, Popcorn, Paper Cups The Improvement through;the dust. then,As itsittingwas, onhe thereadcurbit

in late sunshine, the afternoon obCO. THEATRE DISTRIBUTING CANDY Era livious to all else him, around he EM 4-3669

it again. again read and State Street 135 South Salt Lake City, Utah 225 West So. Temple

Salt Lake City 11, Utah Slowly inside Otto grew a joy and a wonder he could not explain. He

had to share this feeling with someone that he might better understand IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS the tumult inside himself. Thus, to Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

DRINK Anna, he took the message. sore throat and other minor mouth

not hard to find. Everyone of whom ficqo A delightful The Mormon missionaries were and throat irritations.

for hot beverage those HALLS REMEDY coffee. don't drink who Salt Lake City. Utah

GROCERS 482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he inquired had some disparagingremark to make about them. Otto w

was not discouraged. For the first

time in his adult life, he felt a contentment of spirit, a purpose to life that he refused to give up. He and

Anna began to investigate in earnest.

They studied prayerfully. When

Otto was thoroughly convinced of the truthfulness of Mormonism, he went with joyful heart to share this conviction with his family.

"I have heard rumors of your activities, my son,"his father told him gravely. "I had hoped they

were untrue."

"Father, this is the truth. I know

it is the truth!"

"It is utter nonsense,"his father answered in anger. "I have listened

to your story with an open mind.

The fact that an intelligent, welleducated man could be so deluded only proves the wickedness of this doctrine you preach. You have be-,Ror

come a laughing stock in your own community!"

"Father, I testify to you that these A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floorthings are true!"

"You have been sadly misled, P.S. Executive suite or bridal suite, it makes no difference! When your everlovin'

Otto. If you persist in this foolishcustomers come in the door, win their hearts with the quiet, comfort and distinction

ness, I must insist that you not come of Bigelow Carpets on the floor. Special designs, colors, and textures available.

here again. That my only son should Call any Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept., 140 Madison Avenue,

bring such shame upon his family is New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

intolerable!"

"Mother, surely you..."the boy

looked at his mother pleadingly.

She shook her head, though her eyes This is the place to stay in Salt Lake City were full of tears.

Several years passed before Ottoand Anna could save enough to sail HOTEL UTAHto America. By then they were the

little girls.parents of two On that and MOTOR LODGE day, loving family nomomentous

stood on the dock to bid them goodbye, for Otto's parents had stedfastly SWIM at the Motor Lodge clung to their ultimatum, and their DINE at the beautiful new son could not renounce his faith. SKY Room, atop the hotel

Of this union were born thirteen or the Coffee Shop children. In time Otto left his home or the Crossroads Restaurant

in Cache County, Utah, and returned (Motor Lodge) to the land of his birth as a missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ SEE the outstanding scenic of Latterday Saints. attractions nearby

Because a simple tract carrying a message of truth was tossed care- -T? YOUR CHOICE of downtown locations,

lessly into the dust of a city street, adjacent to Temple Square a great posterity has risen in the Modern, air conditioned rooms

Church. What ultimate strength this Write or phone DAvis 8-91 14 for reservations

family will bring to the kingdom of

God is beyond comprehension!

The man is Otto Bergener, and his children still live in Logan. A

grandson, Edward P. Cliff, was reATTENTION LD.S. MOULDERS The most economical food wrap

cently made director of the US ForWanted man to live in Provo, Utah, home of you can use!

est Service. B.Y.U. Work in small foundry—real opfor Write portunty advancement.

Utah. 374, Provo, Box Charles H. KITCHEn CHflRm Cox, P. O.

WAXED PAPER

JUNE 1962 483

v * MflCHMK rPRESIHOODi

THE STAKE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE VISITS THE QUORUM

The signs indicative of a good active quorum. president, who in turn handles the situation through

1. Does the quorum presidency meet at a time the quorum personal welfare committee, on which the

when it will not be cut off by other organizational group leader sits. To help solve the situation subduties before it can finish its work? (Example: A committees may be appointed in the ward group,

meeting held at 8:30 Sunday morning, when at 9:00 but these committees are appointed by the quorum

all must be in the weekly priesthood meeting, is incommittee chairman, not the group leader. This

adequate. ) doesn't preclude the president's taking fast action in

2. Is the quorum presidency free from other ward an emergency, but does insure better longtime

or stake assignments? (Example: No member of a rehabilitation.

presidency has time to work in an auxiliary and do an 5. Has the overall program of the quorum come

adequate amount of work in his quorum. One presiabout as the result of the meetings and plans of

dent was given eight families as his ward teaching its committees?

assignment. The presidency certainly should accept 6. Is the church service committee program adeward teaching as the one exception to the general

quate? (This committee implements the spiritual and

rule but the number of families should be limited, and social life of the quorum.

the presidency not assigned to supervise a district.)

3. Is the group leader serving on the ward, welfare 7. Is the factfinding committee up on the activity

committee? (Where the quorum is in one ward this of the inactive? (The whole quorum work is geared

should be the president, of course. And in a sevento reach and hold the inactive.)

ties quorum, the president living in that ward should 8. Is the quorum adequately financing itself? Is

be the representative of the quorum on the committee. it being audited every year by the stake auditing com-

4. In quorums in more than one ward, (these are mittee?

usually the high priests and seventies or an occasional 9. Are regular social calls being made on the inactive

elders quorum) the group leader does not organize men? (This should be a main quorum activity.)

standing committees in his ward, but rather reports 10. Is the quorum presidency spending time on the

to the chairman of the quorum standing committee. job of visiting? ( For all of its work about three nights

(Example: The group leader is told by the bishop a week is somewhere near the time required. Why

that John Doe of his group needs quorum assistance not—bishops spend more time than that—should not

and attention. The leader reports this to the quorum quorum presidents?)

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA QVJOW&$* visi'1*0 ttee &1&?fiestod c*fcc*

S\)GGSt tVve Vieic.Y\*edeVtor to

O Gxde y&&GS vtfo, Vtt'fi$& 1G / gtM* 0? VSEJ O t*

\jtfNSS1"G 10 -ov1rjt* 0? xticfjXVt -OoKxsp SU? \/ lo?o*cs ViA *c0&<&$& otf1 *<* 2 - 55**cfl**Sli cvskttcft rjtfE, SftM&>v& /

O &ss1GD 0? VtE

jOVtBSft vn\o vitf tctf -ov1rjt&S cia'SlO / 0? s

4"1&8& assXgsstfS 1*81* rjtffc / * cotfPrG sfc*cfc tfiOfc'8* rjQ NS?0

ctfi?rt5sVT) t ttf& /

tB6?\3*?oss

1ct>v tfl# -ecfc so / t>Wt*c* Q\30BS* tf* 0?0? A"s*

?\3yosfc s*> yo v ks* O? iMs

8 s HE D RESIDING BIS HOPKICS DACE Graduation from high school is properly called a commencement exercise. It is not a finish, but merely a

milestone on the highway of life. Here you set new

and higher goals in your pursuit along the upward road which leads to happiness and eternal life. The

words of the following poem convey the great possibilities before you, emphasizing that achievement is a matter of proper choices followed with persistence.

YES, YOU CAN SUCCEED "Figure it out for yourself, my lad:

You've all that the greatest men have had;

Two arms, two hands, two legs, two eyes,

And a brain to use if you would be wise,

With this equipment they all began.

So start from the top and say, 1 can.'

"Look them over, the wise and great;

They take their food from a common plate,

And similar knives and forks they use,

With similar laces they tie their shoes.

The world considers them brave and smart,

But you've all they had when they made their start.

"You are the handicapped you must face;

You are the one who must choose your place.

You must say where you want to go,

How much you will study the truth to know;

God has equipped you for life, but he

Lets you decide what you want to be.

"Courage must come from the soul within,

The man must furnish the will to win.

So figure it out for yourself, my lad:

You were born with all that the great have had.

With your equipment they all began,

Get hold of yourself and say, 1 can.'

—Anonymous As a young graduate, you have a responsibility to yourself to persist in attaining worthwhile goals. You

must live your life to the fullest of your capacities and live by faith in God to find complete fulfilment.

It is expected that as a bearer of the priesthood you will honor and magnify this work by accepting the obligation to uphold the principles of the gospel.

Satan will utilize every means available to lead you

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

from truth. You will be urged to compromise Church the unboiled tap water, contracted the illness, and

standards. It will be suggested that worthwhile goals died. This inconsistency, though brief, was disastrous.

are unattainable. Evil forces will attempt to minimize You have the responsibility to hold sacred the priestthe importance of missionary service. Immodesty hood and to live consistently worthy to function in

and vulgarity will be displayed in an effort to damage the duties of the office to which you have been and ruin your future happiness. ordained.

To resist these temptations will require courageThe age in which we are living is particularly concourage that accrues day by day as you discipline ductive to frustrations and confusion. During the

your thoughts and actions, courage that comes as you course of a few years, we have experienced a profound daily seek our Father in heaven through prayer. On revolution in the whole course of human affairs.

the wall of a business office in Salt Lake City hangs The development and production of nuclear weapons a sign with these words: "Dare to believe is the courhave introduced new violence to the art of war. The

age to succeed."This suggests that the principles of vast scientific achievements in the field of guided

the gospel should never be compromised. Honor missiles and space exploration invite a question of

and respect the sacred right given to you as a bearer future possibilities. The constant political pressures

of the priesthood to act in the name of God when known as a cold war and the talk of peace which directed and exemplify the gospel teachings. never seems to become a reality stimulate feelings

Because of your knowledge of gospel teachings, of uncertainty. As a result, some young men become

you have a responsibility to be alert to proper conduct irritated, impatient, frustrated, and, in search of quick every moment of your life. The story is told that and easy solutions, make unwise decisions. Their

many years ago in a large city in England, many only explanation is—we must do it sooner or later,

people died when an epidemic broke out. One why not now?

famous doctor discovered that the germ causing the Young Latterday Saints, above all people, have firm sickness was contained in the drinking water. He reason not to be impatient or afraid. This is the

also found that by boiling the water the germ could time for preparing yourselves and should not be used be killed. He advised all the people to boil their for chasing rainbows. Learn fully the doctrines of

tap water and preserve their lives. In a moment of the kingdom and apply them in your lives. "Dare to

forgetfulness, this famous doctor drank a glass of believe is the courage to succeed."

THE PURPOSE OF THE GOSPEL WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT FOR JULY

God, the Creator of heaven and earth, the Father first law of heaven upon which all righteousness of our spirits, has revealed to his prophets the and progression depend. It consists of complete

purpose of man's creation and the destiny of compliance to the mind and will of our Father in his sons and daughters in the eternal scheme of heaven. The whole system of creation and existthings. Through revelation, we know where we ence is centered around the eternal principle of

came from, why we are here, and where we will obedience to law.

go after death. The gospel of Jesus Christ is the plan of salvaThe purpose of the creation of the earth was to tion. Literally, gospel means good news from God.

provide a place where we, as spirit children of "And this is the gospel, the glad tidings, which the

God having received mortal bodies, could be tried voice out of the heavens bore record unto us—

and tested to see whether we would keep the com- "That he came into the ivorld, even Jesus, to mandments of our Father. With birth, all knowlbe crucified for the world, and to bear the sins

edge of our preexistence is withheld, and we are of the world, and to sanctify the world, and to free to choose our own way of life and to make cleanse it from all unrighteousness our own decisions—whether we will be obedient "That through him all might be saved whom

to God's laws or yield to the temptings of Satan the Father had put into his power and made by and his forces. We are subject to the weaknesses him;..."(D&C 76:4042.)

and trials of mortality, and under these conditions Man is not able to bring about his own salvation we are tested and will be strengthened if we conor redeem himself; therefore, before this earth

tinue to resist evil and pursue righteousness was created, a Savior and Redeemer was chosen and truth. to come into the world to shed his blood in order

During our life upon earth, we are not only to bridge the gap between mortality and immorobligated to develop our talents and acquire the tality and to redeem mankind from physical qualities of honesty, virtue, benevolence, and death. "... there shall be no other name given

charity, but must also learn to be obedient to all nor any other way nor means whereby salvation of God's laws and ordinances. Obedience is the can come unto (Continued on page 495)

JUNE 1962 487

They

Lived Happily

.. TODAY'S FAMILY / EDITOR FLORENCE B. PINNOCKEver After

So you have decided to be married in the temple. The two of you have talked over what you expect to

preparation involved in this decision has been going receive from marriage. You both agree that in maron for a long, long time. It began even before you riage you want love; you want children; you want

came to this earth. There was a day in that prepeace and joy, and you want these things to last

existent state when your Heavenly Father and mother throughout all eternity. This will only come about

gave you permission to leave your home there for through going to the temple for your own endowawhile and come to earth. Earth was to be a place ments. One of our leaders has defined the

of learning, a school where you could grow and endowment as comprising "a course of instruction"develop. On this earthly birthday of yours you rewhich includes a recital of events from the creation

ceived the most precious gift—your body. One step of the world through the various dispensations in

on this earth's journey had taken place. order to impress upon the individual receiving the

As years passed, another decision was made—you endowment the absolute necessity of personal purity

were baptized and confirmed a member of the and obedience to the Lord's commandments. (James

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. In your E. Talmage, House of the Lord, pp. 99100.

existence here you had forgotten the events leading Going through the temple for your own endowments up to your birth, but now an earthly father and must precede the marriage ceremony; that you live

mother had taken over the task of leading and teaching the covenants you make in the temple is your insuryou to live your Heavenly Father's commandments. ance that your marriage will continue throughout all

More years have gone by, and you have come of eternity. We go to the celestial kingdom, both

age and have met that one you wish to marry. The worthy. So be sure you have prepared yourself well

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to enter this holy temple, The inscription at the entrance of the Alberta

Temple at Cardston, Alberta, Canada reads:

"Hearts must be pure to come within these walls,

Where spreads a feast unknown to festive halls.

Freely partake, for freely God hath given,

And taste the holy joys that tell of heaven.

Here learn of him who triumphed o'er the grave,

And unto men the Keys, the Kingdom gave;

Joined here by powers that past and present bind,

The living and the dead perfection find."

—Orson F. Whitney

You must have lived to be worthy of your recommend day by day as you were growing up. It is

necessary that you attend your Sacrament meetings, keep the Word of Wisdom, pay an honest tithe, keep

God's commandments, and live a clean life. You must

be worthy. Recommends must be filled out completely and must be countersigned by the stake or

mission president.

Assuming you have your recommend to the temple, next obtain your marriage license through civil channels in the state or county in which the temple is located. For instance, if you live in Colorado, and

you are to be married in the Salt Lake Temple, obtain your marriage license in Utah. You must be able

to meet the physical requirements of that state. The

county clerks in the state of Utah will accept blood tests from other states in which serological tests are required. Take your temple recommend and marriage

license to the temple. If you are going through the

temple for your endowments one day and are to be married another day, be sure to call the marriage clerk or the recorder at the temple ahead of time in order to make arrangements for your marriage. If the

marriage is to follow the endowment session, the arrangement for the marriage ceremony does not have to be made ahead of time.

Temple marriage for previously married couples.

If you are a married convert or a member married outside the temple, it is also necessary to have a temple recommend and a copy of your civil marriage certificate, if available, as you come to the temple for your endowment and a temple marriage. When

children are involved, every child over eight must be baptized and have a recommend to the temple, and the ordinances to be received initialed by the

JUNE 1962

bishop. The parents must bring a family group sheet, a shining satin, a fluffy organza, the joyousness and

and if a child over eight has died, he cannot be sealed sacredness of the occasion will make the bride radiant.

to the parents without their sending a family group sheet to the Genealogical Society well in advance Guests at the ceremony.

for processing. Everyone likes to share in the happiness of a young

bride and groom. Guests witnessing the temple marClothes needed for a temple marriage. riage ceremony should be carefully chosen. Only

All clothes to be used in the temple may be obtained members of the Church who themselves have been and rented there. Your bride dress is truly your endowed and are in good standing with temple recomwedding dress if it is worn at the time of the ceremends may be present. Each guest must bring his

mony. If the marriage is to take place immediately recommend with him. No children are permitted to

after the endowment session, it is necessary to wear attend. Street clothes may be worn with only the

the dress you are to be married in as you go through shoes removed, but the clothes should be appropriate the temple. But if you are going through the temple to the sacredness of the temple.

for your own endowments one day and to be married on another, it is better and more comfortable to wear Wedding reception a simple white dress during the temple session. If A wedding reception is a time when the family and

your wedding dress happens to have short sleeves friends meet to rejoice with the bride and groom. It

and a lower neckline, it is possible to rent a jacket is in no way a necessary part of the wedding. A

or yoke and sleeves to wear with the bridal gown at reception to be in good taste, must be one the bride's the temple. If you do not have a wedding dress, a parents can afford. It is foolish to spend money one

beautiful white, silk dress may be rented at the temple. doesn't possess to put on an elaborate show. Many

When choosing a wedding dress, think of many people, no matter what their economic status, prefer things. First, whether you can afford the large out- a simple home reception. Whatever type reception

lay of money necessary for a dress to be worn just is decided upon should be in accordance with the once. Second, is the dress one you would want to standards of a temple marriage. The clothes of the

wear in the temple? Third, will it be appropriate to bridesmaids and family should conform with church

wear the type of dress at the reception you have standards and the refreshments in no way conflict planned afterward? Fourth, is it becoming to you? with the Word of Wisdom. ( See suggestions following.

Of course, only white dresses may be worn in the This reception, if possible, is held the evening of the temple, and long trains or hoops are inconvenient marriage. But if the newlyweds and family have

when worn through the temple and during the endowtraveled a long distance to go to the temple, the ments. Every bride is beautiful. There is a certain reception may be held at a later date.

glow and happiness that belongs just to the wedding Every community has its local customs, and it is day. So whether the dress is a simple white cotton, impossible to say just what is correct and what is in490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

correct. The best rule to follow is that if a reception On these and the preceding two pages are seen Denise

is held it should be as lovely as the bride's family can DerrickW. GarthandAndrus,William interviews("Bill") Beers.Denise(1)forDenise'sa Saltbishop,Lake

afford and that it be refined and conform to the Temple recommend and then (2) gives Denise and Bill standards of good taste in every way. It should be a marriagehis blessingslicenseas theyas theyleave sithis acrossoffice. the(3) deskBill fromsigns thethe

happy, delightful occasion. county clerk. (4) Friends and family greet the couple

The story of our young married couple does not end afterstitch onthetheceremony.wedding gown.(5) Denise's(6) Greetingsmotherandtakeswellwishesa last

here. It goes on forever and forever if they keep from guests at reception. (7) Bride and groom pose for

the covenants made in the temple. May we wish the traditional cake cutting photo. (8) Off to the honeybut first kiss moon Chris, a goodbye (9) Denise's from every bride and groom the fulfilment of their dreams, eleven old brother. year Mrs. Mr. and Beers Leonard W.

and may they live happily ever after. and Mr. and Mrs. Douglas P. Derrick are the parents of

(See recipes for receptions page 494) the happy bridal couple.

JUNE 1962 491 m Jp %

... si;!. illllll

:::::'MHHHF

:;!:::;;:;;:i -':f':

:aVi;-:s:3:.!-:--'/'':-:....!5.rfisi;a WMM0<M

'wmmmmmMi

I:

ilHf lltillf

when other tires are at the end of their rope if there's onethis one will still be long on mileage. New Amoco 120 Super Tire,

thing you look for in a tire, it's mileage. Lots of mileage. You're now looking in the right place. Meet the AMOCO

120. This one goes on and on, through the roughest miles you could muster up: hot and heavy turnpike traveling,

tirepounding back roads, everyday stopand-go work. Thousands and thousands of miles. And all the while, the

AMOCO 120 rides smooth as cream. Safely, too. We tested it at 120 mph, to make sure. It's built to rigid

specifications, as you might suspect. Your specifications, really. After all, extra mileage is

your idea. You expect more from American—and you get it. AMERICAN OIL COMPANY (AMERICAN

. )

More power, more safety, more speed. WEDDING RECEPTION

TrailBlazer is geared REFRESHMENTS lowerslower and higherfaster than any trail bike! Grapefruit Ice Cocktail*

Exclusive Marco transOpen-face Crab Sandwiches mission with Klymomatic Ripe Olives Salted Nuts torque converter... Butter Mints

takes hold as you throttle shifts gears smoothly, up, Salad Sandwiches automatically, in each speed range. Potato Chips Punch

Super durable steelDream Cookies* tubing frames, phosphor - izedsteel sidepanels.. Creamed Halibut in Pastry Shells

bright red or deep blue Frozen Fruit Salad* Mints bakedenamel finish. Punch

Large, extraefficient brake drum with 10inch Half Fresh Peach on Lettuce filled hunters, fishermen, campers, surveyors, rockhounds, ranchers... linings. with Sherbet

Supergrip tires... Chicken Salad in Tiny Cream Puffs

You'll get there on any terrain with heavycleated rear treads. Wedding Cake ( See Era Nov. 1961

Candy Mints Take a trial ride at your TrailBlazer dealer's. Fruit Punch* Cookie Tray

Salted Nuts 5V4HP SUPER TRAILBLAZER '3-HP TRAILBLAZER with Meringue Shells Mint Ice Cream terrain, select to the speedrangeJust suit the and relax!

3-HP JR. TRAILBLAZER Tiny Brownies trails for rocky {or evenPowerful mountain ClimbingRange

streambeds). Speedy CruisingRange for faster travel and gas Write for Free literature Punch Salted Nuts

economy on flatter terrain. Climbs grades up to 45 with full... and name of dealer

load of 500 pounds. nearest you.

Grapefruit Ice Cocktail BLAZER SALES CORP., 2319 S. Main St., Salt Lake City 15, Utah

4 cups canned grapefruit 4 cups sugar S<Ut *6e &ty* Hee4t 'Zotel 2 cups water 2 tablespoons lemon juice ginger ale HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

MODERN COFFEE SHOPS and DINING ROOMS

TELEVISION AIR CONDITIONED Boil together the sugar and water

RATES: SINGLES $6.00 up DOUBLES $8.00 up TWINS $10 00 up for 5 minutes. Cool. Whip the

TELETYPE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED COLLECT SU 350 canned grapefruit with a beater. Add

the syrup and the lemon juice.

Freeze to a mush and serve in punch cups. Pour over ginger ale. Serve

axunfy <u o& (?o4t [ Frozen Fruit Salad

of sliced large cans 3 pineapple 75 We>t L. WEST, Manager CLARENCE fruit Temple large of South cocktail cans 3 PHONE

City, Salt Lake 8 bananas Driveimparking EL FREE 5-2961 Utah gelatin tablespoons 3 % cup cold water 3 cups mayonnaise IV2 quarts whipping cream

Cut the pineapple and bananas into small pieces and mix all together. Soak the gelatin in the cold

water. Whip the cream and fold in

the mayonnaise, gelatin, and the fruits. Freeze in quartsize cardboard milk containers. To serve

tear containers from salad and slice and serve on lettuce. Will serve 75.

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Improvement Era Fruit Punch DIRECT SHOPPER $P sugar cups 14... the merchandise these shown on pages 2 doz. lemons be can ordered direct the from companies

IV2 doz. oranges

listed. Enclose check or order. money

1 can grapefruit juice No. 5

1 No. 5 can pineapple juice

2 teaspoons lemon extract 6 cups apricot juice 4 quart sized bottles of ginger ale

Boil the sugar and 7 cups of water to make a thin syrup. Add the remaining ingredients and enough

water to make 28 quarts of punch.

This amount will make 230 punch cups full of punch.

BIG PROFITS selling HIDRY Magnetic soap EARN GOOD MONEY "BY ASKING QUESorders Nothing to take! no for Send TIONS."hangers PROJECTS. FUND RAISINGDream Cookies Qualified of all and ages men needed towomensell,

for information about our today special money for dignified, pleasant, spare time work.

back guarantee. HIDRY saves money by the train you, at home, to gather information forI'll

lVz cups sugar factfinding and companies. radio, Do three. research least will at Every family BARS. want

TV, polls, opinion For research. market FREE in small pieces 2 dates—cut cups Colors: three. for or $2.75 $1.00 each Samples

test aptitude details and complete trainabout ivory, pink, blue, black. white, green, yellow, slightly eggs beaten 4 ing for a lifetime career fascinating in a

2 cups Rice Krispies Order samples now and receive FREE 1 pocket profession, write TODAY to TOWER RESEARCH, 2 cups nuts TONhair brushPRODUCTS,with each1175 sampleDan Street,HIDRY.Ogden,BELLISUt. Dept.Calif. LDS, 1540 N. Highland, Los Angeles 28,

2 cups corn flakes 2 teaspoons vanilla

Cook the sugar, eggs, and dates over low heat, stirring constantly until mixture leaves the sides of the nuts, corn flakes, and vanilla. Butter

pan. Cool. Add the Rice Krispies,

hands and roll into balls. Toss balls

into coconut.

PRESERVE FAMILY PHOTOGRAPHS. Among PRACTICE GOLF BALL MEASURES DISTANCE!

your most precious possessions is an irreTurn your back yard into a practice range with parents family photograph of placeable your practice golf MeasureFlite, ball that the new relative. Let or us another dear copy distance shots. the of your measures

it is lost, or before it befor accurately you faded damaged yond repair. Our experts can make an exact Endorsed by P.G.A. Champion Jerry Barber,

5"x7"copy for only $4.95 plus 3% state MEASUREFLITE assures longer drives every

tax. original negative necessary. Your No actually time and 4 improves game. for $1.00 picture to: returned unharmed. THE Send

(ppd.) IE-5, INC., from Dept. K.G.S. 2500 P. Z.C.M.I., PHOTOREFLEX STUDIO, O. Box

1229, Salt Lake City, Utah. Restoration work West Sixth St., Los Angeles 57, California.

on pictures in poor condition at additional charge.

Presiding Bishoprics Page (Continued from page 487)

the children of men, only in and through the name of Christ, the Lord

Omnipotent."(Mosiah 3:17. ) Therefore, the resurrection will be a universal gift provided by the grace of

God, to everyone who lives on this earth. Salvation is a gift from God,

but exaltation in the celestial kingdom will come about because of YourDISTRESSINGdaily anxietiesPROBLEMSand fearsSOLVEDare quicklyDAILY. REVOLUTIONARY FRANZ MIRACLE OIL FILTER

oil dispersed drive cleans LIFE"your by the eliminates as you a and to "WHEEL OFobedience salvation, the plan... of

skillful that inspired idea the and makes oil oil for additives, need changes and exis thewhich gospel Christ. of Jesus guiding Bible of real aid very The to a words

filter pensive forever. Actually changes doubles in living times. these Thirtysix tempestuousLet us live therefore the gospel,

life. of satisfied problems, the of engine Proved worry, troublesome thousands most by

is towhich depression, to personal provided sorrow, prepare name memanger, listed are the few, of a around edge the the celestial Churchbers of for the usersC.O.D. incompleteautos, withtruckslineandand tractors.fittings. (Calif.:$29.95 LIFE. turn Simply the dial arrow WHEEL OF

kingdom. to that problem to find Book, Chapter and 4% tax.) Fits any ear. Moneyback guarantee.

for Bible. inVerse guidance from your An distributorship Free information included! Dimall. to spiration (ppd.) to $1.00 Send WHEEL

ter Distributors, Venice Blvd., 12023 Los Angeles IE-5, Dept. Blvd., 5880 Hollywood OF LIFE,

Hollywood 28, California. 66, Calif.

JUNE 1962 495.,:.;;.;.

We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money;

and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.—Seneca

We can offer up much in the large, but No man's opinion is entirely worthto make sacrifices in little things is less. Even a watch that won't run

what we are seldom equal to.—Goethe is right two times during the day.

No radiant pearl, which crested fortune wears, Driving in a dense fog, a motorist followed the no gem, that twinkling hangs from beauty's ears; taillights ahead, worry free, for nearly an hour.

not the bright stars, which night's blue arch Suddenly the lights halted and the two cars coladorn; nor rising sun, that gilds the vernal morn; lided. "Why don't you signal when you're going

shine with such lustre as the tear that flows down to stop?"yelled the driver behind. "Why should

virtue's manly cheek for others'woes.—Darwin I,"came the reply, "when I'm in my own garage!"

"My dad is an Eagle, a Moose, and a Lion,"boasted the little boy.

'Yeah?"gasped the wideeyed friend.

'How much does it cost to see him?"

How prudently most men sink into nameless The serene, silent beauty of a holy life graves, while now and then a few forget themis the most powerful influence in the selves into immortality—William Jennings Bryan world, next to the might of God.—Pascal

If all our misfortunes were laid in A little girl was telling her teacher about one common heap, whence everylosing her baby teeth. Another tooth

one must take an equal portion, was found loose after she had already most people would be contented to lost three. She exclaimed to the teacher:

take their own and depart.—Socrates "Pretty soon I'll be running on the rim!"

Some of our best friends are raccoons

In our job of exploring and drilling for oil we come Exploring teams in helicopters keep sharp watch for across all kinds of small furry animals like these. fires, and on the ground our men with bulldozers,

As a "visitor"in the forest, Standard has a responwater trucks and other equipment stand ready to sibility to protect wildlife and keep the wilderness help when fire strikes.

fresh and green. We accomplish this in several ways, Good conservation practice includes thousands of

working with fish and game and wildlife officials. oilproducing areas that are also used for outdoor

Water wells, essential to our drilling operations, sports, recreation, farming and grazing.

nourish thirsty plants and animals... and nesting and Multiple use of the land allows more people to

breeding ponds are built for wild fowl. enjoy our heritage and the beauty of the great outWhen wells are in, we assure new growth in the doors. At the same time, our natural resources are

work area by reseeding grassland and planting trees. developed to serve the nation.

planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA and children as well—including any future additions to the family. The cost is low and the Is your

benefits great. Your Beneficial Life agent will be

happy to explain this plan—and other flexible life insurance modern insurance programs that can be tailored

to your needs, family size and income. Call on

him soon. Beneficial?

Over a half billion dollars of life insurance in force.

Many teachers—and family heads in otherbusinesses, professions and trades—have disBENEFICIAL LIFE

covered in Beneftcial's Family Benefactor Plan a program exactly suited to their needs. This

one plan covers not only the father, but mother Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah