In this issue: A Statement on LDS Youth

Gift of knowledge What more enduring gift—for

a loved one, for yourself—

than the gift of knowledge?

And what better way to give knowledge than through BYU Home Study?

Because Home Study is individual instruction by mail, it accommodates all who yearn to learn—whether in Council

Bluffs or Costa Brava, whether pumping gas or slinging hash nights.

Home Study students earn credits toward high school or university graduation... gain

or improve skills... meet

college entrance requirements.

Too, they pick from nearly 300 courses in 42 fields, and tailormake their program to their own needs.

Like more information about the gift of knowledge? Mail the

attached postagefree reply card.

BYU DEPARTMENT

OF HOME STUDY Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

'i. S % A Statement on LDS Youth 5 A Salute to Youth, President David O. McKay

5 Tell and Show, Elder Marion D. Hanks

The Voice of the Church An Assessment of Their Generation

November 1969 6 A Good Look at Youth, Neal A. Maxwell

10 Blowing on the Coals Within, Dr. Truman G. Madsen

14 Learn to Listen, Mabel Jones Gabbott

The Principles by Which They Live 45 On These Principles, Elder Marion D. Hanks

The Programs of the Church for Youth 49 Programs of the Church for Youth

The Product 32 A Lively Band—Proof of the Program

19 Premarital Sex—Never! Gregory Spencer Hill

38 Poetry by Young Writers

40 Youth Speaks On the Cover:

Summary Inherent within the gospel's message is 81 A Generation to Hang Your Hopes On, Elaine Cannon the understanding that all nations, tongues, and climes may participate in its joys and blessings. This month's

Special Features cover features 14 Latterday Saint youth from around the world, dressed in their 2 PresidentEditor's Page:DavidO O.Youth,McKayKeep That Which Is Committed to Thy Trust,

native costume, who serve as symbolic 116 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 9, Setting the Stage:

representatives for about 750,000 other The World of Abraham (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

Latterday Saint youth between the ages of 12 and 26. Top row, left to right, Regular Features

Kumiko Hayase, Evelyn Gilchrist, Kent 22 Melchizedek Priesthood Page: How to Evaluate Your Performance

Dastrup, Kiyoko Nagagana; middle row, (Part 2), Elder Spencer W. Kimball

left to right, Deborah Sorensen, Gerar88 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

dine Mamaka, William Edwards, Julie Choosing a Career, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Warner, Randy Kirton; bottom row, left 92 The LDS Scene

to right, Stephanie Baldwin, Margaret 95 The Church Moves On

Stevenson, Mel Gibson, Sherri Skinner, 100 Today's Family: Dolt-Yourself Foods

and Magdalena Soto. These youth were

104 Buffs and Rebuffs participants in and were photographed at the Dance Festival this year at the 111 These Times: Youth, "Relevance,"and the Big University, Dr. G.

Homer Durham MIA June Conference. The photographer

is Eldon Linschoten. It is on the sub127 End of an Era

ject of the youth of the Church that this 13, 90, 93, 108 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans month's Era is all about. 91 Poetry

L. Editor; Richard David McKay, Assistant Managing Green, Doyle Jay Todd, Managing Jr.,M. Editors;Gabbott, L. Zobell, Knowles,O. Albert EditorialEleanor Manuscript Research L. Evans,Jones

L. Nibley, CopyG. D. Editors; Albert Contributing Payne,Editor; Durham,Mabel Elaine HomerEditor; Hanks,Editor; EraWilliam of YouthT. Sykes,Editor;Editor; Marion HughEditor; Price, Director; Art Era Artist. Associate Reynolds, of Staff Youth Ralph Norman Associate;Cannon,

S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Official organ of the Priesthood W.Snarr,Jay CirculationEldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith,

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, (g) Superintendent, General published by the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1969;

Teaching Committee, Home Church School System, forEnteredin sectionat the 1103,Post Office,Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing r"at special rate of postage provided Music Committee,

years, year, succeeding a 2 $5.75; advance; each $3.00 3 years, agencies other and of The Church price; single special Thirty required$8.25; days'pricethreeyear to 35cin change Subscriptionadded

include a recentissues.issue please magazine;notice a copymultipleexceptlabel fromsubscriptions, of the ordering thechange, address your changesfor cannotof beaddress.madeyear, unless$2.50When

well old one, isaddressincluded. address, as as the new of Christ ot Latterday Saints. the Jesus

The Improvement Era paniedThe Improvementby sufficientEra welcomespostage forcontributionsdelivery and butreturn.is notPaymentresponsibleis madefor uponunsolicitedacceptance.manuscripts. Manuscripts must be accom79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Advertising:of the advertiserThe Eraor hisis product.pleased to carry advertisements of interest to readers, but doing so does not imply Church endorsement

Youth, O KeepThatWhich Is Committed

By President David O. McKay

"Let no man despise thy youth,"the apostle Paul We condemn as a foolish horseman a man who would wrote in a letter to his young missionary companion whip and jerk a purebred, nervous horse. We conTimothy; "but be thou an example of the believers, in sider him either ignorant or vicious who would so ruin

word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, a choice animal. So is he who would so abuse his

in purity."(1 Tim. 4:12.) youthful nerves with stimulants or blight his conPaul and the leaders of the Church in that dispenscience with secret, sinful acts. Strength and ability

sation knew for a surety the strength of youth, the are given to each as a sacred trust!

courage, the convictions, as we do in this the dispenYoung men and women sometimes yield to indulsation of the fulness of times. gence for the sake of popularity. One who persistently

Concluding the epistle, Paul pled: bids for popularity at the expense of health and

"O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy character is a foolish man. Indeed, the man who

trust...."(1 Tim. 6:20.) yields to temptation to seek popularity among friends

Every man and every woman is given a trust to be loses the very thing he desires, while the boy who kept. "To be trusted is a greater compliment than to maintains his standards wins their respect.

be loved,"someone has wisely said. Another trust that comes to us through no effort of

Every day some acts require physical courage. Let ours is a good name. To keep unsullied and unstained

our every act be tempered with moral courage. Pages an inherited, good name is one of the greatest responsiof history glitter with the accounts of loyal men who, bilities of youth.

in the face of difficulties and even death, have kept One of the most commendable admonitions that has that which was committed to their trust: Joseph in been given to youth is this: Keep the good name that

Egypt tempted by the wiles of Potiphar's wife, Daniel has been committed to thy trust. I would that every

before the godless rulers of Babylon, Peter and John youth might sense the responsibility of sonship.

before the Sanhedrin, Paul in chains before King The third obligation committed to our care and

Agrippa, Joseph Smith imprisoned, silencing the blaskeeping is the good reputation of the Church. A

phemous guards—these and ten thousand other leaders church member cannot commit an overt act without

of mankind illustrate the stamina required to keep the casting reflection upon the entire membership. The

treasures "committed to thy trust."church that will survive in this world is the church

Most of the precious gifts entrusted to our care are that produces noblest men and women. We have been

given to us without our effort, sometimes without the recipients of the benefactions of the Church. The

merit on our part. Life itself is a gift; so also is a Church has helped us. It is our responsibility now to

strong body, a normal mind. Health is wealth. Some help the Church. The Church asks of us in return

men and women squander it as foolishly as did the that we have manhood and womanhood sufficient to prodigal son in the parable. uphold in the midst of opposition the standards of the

A clear mind is fostered by a sound body. Health Church. Those standards are summarized beautifully

in the body and peace in the mind make for happiness. in the thirteenth Article of Faith:

Improvement Era

toThy Trust

"We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevoshall stand at the latter day upon the earth:

lent, virtuous, and in doing good to all men; indeed, "And though after my skin worms destroy this body,

we may say that we follow the admonition of Paul—yet in my flesh shall I see God:

We believe all things, we hope all things, we have "Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall endured many things, and hope to be able to endure behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed

all things. If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of within me."(Job 19:2527.)

good report, or praiseworthy, we seek after these Such a testimony is the greatest gift of life. It is

things."found not in slothfulness, but in industry; not in disStill another trust is a gift from God, yet it is somehonesty, but in fair dealing; not in indulgence, but in

thing that is given to us only through our own seeking self mastery; not in drunkenness, but in temperance;

and righteous living. It is a confidence, an assurance not in debauchery, but in chastity; not in hatred, but

in the divinity of Christ. in love; not in doubts and fears, but in faith. It is

In the story of Job we have the account of a man found in the promise of Jesus: "If he will do the will

upon whom the Lord has bestowed every desirable of my Father which is in heaven, he shall know of the blessing. He possessed a lovely home, worthy sons doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of

and daughters, broad, tillable acres of land, herds myself."(See John 7:17.)

of cattle, and many servants to tend them. Worldly An assurance that the application of the principles

wealth was his at his command. He had many friends of the gospel will bring peace and happiness to a

and a worthy reputation. He was honored of men and stricken world, that the gospel of Jesus Christ has

favored by God. Then, suddenly, all these things were been restored to earth in all its fullness is to be

swept from him. By death and fire, by marauding treasured as the "pearl of great price."

Sabeans and Chaldeans, he lost his herds and his I have enumerated but a few of the trusts that have servants. A great hurricane destroyed his sons and been given to the youth of our Church—the gift of

his daughters. He himself was stricken with a loathhealth, the value of a good name, the blessings and

some disease, so loathsome that he would withopportunities from the Church, and the ways, means, draw himself from human beings and, standing on and opportunities to obtain a testimony of the existence an ash heap, scrape his stricken body with a potsherd. of God, of the divine mission of his beloved Son, and

He was even deprived of the comfort of his wife, who of the restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

told him to "curse God and die."With these gifts and responsibilities placed in our

Job had one possession, however, that neither thieves safekeeping, may we paraphrase the admonition of nor fire, nor tempests, nor death itself could take from Paul:

him. That was his testimony of the living God. In "O youth, keep that which is committed to thy

the midst of his affliction and in the presence of his trust!"

wouldbe "comforters,"he cried: That God will give you the strength so to do is my

"For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he constant prayer. O

November 1969

Salute toYouth A By President David O. McKay

Nowhere are the great goals of the Church more apparent than those that are reflected by the young people who take to heart and to life the full Church program. The Church

is designed not only to teach truth, but also to give all the chance to apply timeless principles asYouth—conviction—couragethey build happy, eternal lives.make a combination capable of determining not only

the Church and world of tomorrow, but also the Church and world of today. A firmconviction is not sufficient—neither is courage alone. There must be the assurance that

the courage and conviction are in harmony with justice, with truth, and with righteousness. Youth, you have that thrilling but awesome task.

I join with others, eternally young at heart, in saluting you.

Tell and Show By Elder Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and Editor,

Era of Youth

Assessments of the current youthful generation it"in every proper sense but who presently live, are plentiful these days. Many are extremely negaprepare to live, and plan to live in ways that will

tive and pessimistic, possibly with justification. Some preserve and build upon the best gifts of the past.

are cautiously optimistic. A few, recognizing the They are patriotic, purposeful, current, sensitive,

sobering cause for concern in multiple instances of concerned, thoughtful, involved, full of faith, anxious campus turbulence, rising crime statistics, changing to serve. They look good, do good, are good. They

social scenes, are yet strongly favorable in their can be believed, relied on, looked to.

faith in a future that will rest in the hearts and minds We believe in them, in their power to rise above of today's youth. the pressures and problems of their age, in their

The look we take in this issue of the Era at youth capacity to learn, to repent, to forgive, to undertake, of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to refrain, to lead.

may well be the most affirmative view you've seen. It

ought to be. It concerns a lively band who are "with This issue of the Era will tell and show why.

November 1969 The idea of evaluation in today's world is approcensure and social pressures. This means, in some

priate for us all, individually, as Church members, ways, that today's youth are the first generation of and as members of society. Assessing our strengths Church members who are being asked to be chaste

and shortcomings assumes a special significance because they really believe in this as a principle of because this generation has a rendezvous with deslife and not for other reasons.

tiny, whether they wish to keep that rendezvous or Although what follows is, of necessity, subjective not. and has limitations, let me attempt to assess some

Today's youth come upon the scene at a time when of youth's strengths or, at least, potential strengths membership in the Church commits them to a set of as a generation:

beliefs that have added peculiarly to the understand- 1. They are more anxious to avoid hypocrisy than

ing of Christ in view of the general trend in the world some adults who have preceded them.

away from many of his core teachings. In terms of 2. They are more wary and skeptical of slogans

the increasingly worldwide nature of the Church, and shortcuts and of those approaches to solving there will be more universality among the youth. human problems that could best be described as

They will also be the most mobile Mormons in history. cosmetic.

Thus, peculiarity, universality, and mobility will 3. They are better informed and more factfilled

is not the same as wisdom. There isinterplay with history and events in such a way that—though this

this moment of time will be special. The special nareally no "democracy of facts,"and we need to dis

ture of this rendezvous does not, of course, guarantee tinguish between data and saving truths.

success. In fact, the risks are high. 4. They are more tolerant of variety in human naIn addition, in American society, the contribution ture, peoples, and cultures.

of today's generation will be made in the midst of 5. They are more inclined to draw upon multiple

some basic assaults on the nation's traditional, sources of personal satisfaction for cultural enpolitical, and social values: joyment.

1. Americans have generally been willing to com- 6. They are less inclined to compartmentalize

mit themselves as individuals to work and sacrifice their values.

for gradual improvement of their lot—a better place 7. Their circles of concern are generally wider

in the sun. Now the demands for sudden, spectacular (though they may be less intense).

change are many and intense. Can the tradition and Some of their deficiencies or potential deficiencies

the demands be reconciled? are:

2. There is also the tradition of the peaceful 1. They may be somewhat more vulnerable to the

use of power, of loyal opposition. This means that power of their peer group if only as a consequence of

the losers recognize the legitimacy of the majormobility, the dissolution of kinship ties, and urbanity and the decision makers who derive their power ization.

in this way. Today, many persons seek to overturn the 2. They appear to be somewhat more skeptical

system or to block the implementation of decisions of the worth of organizations and groups that are that are made by a legitimate majority. Will the aimed at "doing good."I do not refer to the Church,

commitment to the peaceful use of power survive but to many other organizations and institutions in this challenge, or will this aspect of the genius of the our society.

American system fall victim to change? 3. Their ability to articulate principles is generally

Part of youth's rendezvous with destiny, therefore, greater than the previous generation's, but it is not will be worked out amid the tumult and uncertainty an acrossthe-board articulation.

of this age.

But since, as Latterday Saints, we make special claims about ourselves and our mission, we have an obligation to turn in a special performance in the Good Look midst of these special pressures. A

Let me give an example: Medical advances have

removed some of the restraints and barriers on unchastity, and urbanization has removed some of the at Youth barriers and restraints that have existed in terms of By Neal A. Maxwell

Neal A. Maxwell is a Regional Representative of the

Council of the Twelve and executive vicepresident of the University of Utah. Illustrated by Ginger Brown

e-

rO o

4. They are somewhat torn between "Afghanistanphysical. If these deficiencies have some validity, it

ism"and "privatism."(Thus"the circle of concern will be important for youth to Be able to discern beis wider, but includes pockets of proximate people tween principles and preferences and to see the link

whom they ignore.) between religion and democracy, for both require

5. They are, simply as a function of their age, as immense selfdiscipline and "obedience to the unwith all rising generations, in the position of experienforceable."

encing what I call theological overbite: their beliefs, There will also be a special need to be realistic

of necessity, outrun their experience, and hence the when behavioral slippage occurs among peers so need for faith. They need, however, to do more that they see it for what it is: lack of r selfdiscipline,

exploring about the implications of their beliefs. lack of spiritual perspective, reaction to fallen heroes,

6. Their storehouse of spiritual experiences may or reaction to human defects in a divine institution.

be smaller simply as a function of our way of life. Using the cover of intellectual dissent to hide real

7. Though this may not be true of all, individually causes simply blocks our progress as individuals. I

they are part of a rising generation whose exposure mention this because I believe this generation into the concept of love is apt to be an exposure that cludes individuals who attempt to mask their ingenerally involves only a single dimension—the ability to comply with standards as intellectual

Youth today are more anxious to avoid hypocrisy as real on Sunday morning when they look their best than those who preceded them. They want teachers, as they were on Saturday night.

leaders, and adults who will tell facts as they were, Perhaps this great emphasis on genuineness is a are, and will be. They want people to be really real, reflection of our urban society. When people lived

all their lives in small rural communities, a kind of

Dr. Kenneth W. Godfrey, high councilor, in the Tempe wholesome realness was always present. People

(Arizona) is division coordinator for the Stake, seminstitutes of religion in Arizona inaries and and New worked together, cried together at the loss of loved

Mexico. ones, suffered disappointment together, fought

drought and nature together, and grew to really know

Improvement Era

is more, they are proud of it. The perspective the gospel offers can help justify dissent—and, what However, intellectual dissent can be real, even if it the optimism—both proximate and ultimate—that

is not frequent. flows through the gospel. We are committed to makThere is a distinction between criticism of things ing things better "here and now"as well as to living

we cherish and that criticism which is nihilistic. For in such a way that we can be in a better world "there

those of us who criticize what we cherish, from time and then."

to time, there will be ample opportunities to make As one who admires this generation of students, things better. The misanthrope really does not care; I am hopeful that I can be wiser than Alexander the

his basic need is to be punitive. He seeks to inflict, Great, who, when he visited the brilliant Diogenes,

not to improve. asked what he could do to help Diogenes with his

Youth today ought to develop broader and better work. Diogenes replied, "Please stand out of my

gospel scholarship. Too often some of the brightest light."

and highest achieving (professionally speaking) I hope that my generation can add to the light members of the Church are almost theological illiterbut also be wise enough to stand out of the light—of

ates, and they often get mauled by less able people the younger generation, that the youth may continue who are more at home "on theological terrain. to grow and serve. o

Seeming to be willing to tolerate a greater freedom and diversity of opinion among their own peer group,ing Generation youth today are ready to fight for the right of every man to do his "thing."This is probably one reason

By Dr. Kenneth W. Godfrey they resent authority, rigid rules, and institutions

that dictate to them policies and decisions without asking that they play a role in the decisionmaking process.

Social and universal justice attracts today's young people as no other group before. They are concerned

about and suffer with those who are shot, burned, or maimecf in wars, riots, and disasters. They cry out

v/rtn those who live in slums and whose spirits and abilities are drowned in a sea of poverty. Television

coverage of every aspect of life has helped them visualize the horror of war, disasters, and famine, whereas previous generations only imagined the misery existing in the world.

"This is perhaps the finest generation of young people the world has ever seen!"church leaders are

often heard to exclaim. Great youth and outstanding

leaders can work together within the framework of the restored gospel. The Church of Jesus Christ of

one another. Thus, there was hardly any way to deLatter-day Saints has always had a dream of Zion—

ceive those who lived in the same area. zion where men will be really real, where they will

With the rise of cities, men seldom work with other know the why of things; a zion of universal justice,

members of the ward. Seeing one another only in peace, and harmony; a zion where there will be no

church may develop in people a tendency to be prerich and no poor; a zion filled with meaning, fulfilltentious, to say that which one thinks others want to ment, and 'joy. Yet we as a people have never rehear, to assume a sort of "phoniness."Youth, seemtreated from the world; we have actively involved ouring to sense this, have a genuine concern for that selves in changing it so as to do our part in bringing

which is really real. about that Zion for which we long.

November 1969 Youth today want leaders who will focus upon their dream of Zion and who will take a stand on social issues, but they also want leaders who will not judge too harshly those with whom they differ. They want

to hear about and become involved with minority groups, but at the same time they resist religion's becoming merely a social gospel of good deeds that is hardly distinguishable from the socalled American dream. Sensing the need for total dedication and

real conviction, they appreciate stress on developing a meaningful relationship with Jesus Christ, as well as involvement with current events. Youth today are

cognizant of the need for certainty and for stress on eternal verities. Principles such as service, honesty,

justice, faith, and repentance have real meaning in their lives, and they long for opportunities to utilize the gospel in helping others as well as improving their own relationship with God.

"Youth,"one bishop declared, "are at first suspicious of adults who wear the mantle of authority. A

high percent at first actively resent anything like a bishop's interview. It takes some time and deep!.

conversation before they begin to feel that I will judgments—andlisten long and withmakeinterest,those andvery thatcarefully."I will make few

With great Insight, a fine leader wrote, "Interviewing involves at least three people, and one of them is

Deity. They trust me because they trust him. And

if they don't know him, they will rarely trust me."

Therefore, this leader feels that it is of utmost importance for young people to acquire a personal relationship and involvement with Deity.

Young people know and want leaders to take exception with them when they are wrong. But such

exceptions should come only after the youth have been heard out, and in a context of respect for one another's feelings.

Youth need to feel that leaders do understand and care about them. Regardless of how wild their deeds,

they can be brought to godlike behavior if they are understood. It is well to keep in mind that Jesus

Christ, as he walked among men, was not known to have told a person he was so wicked as to be beyond repentance. Perhaps President David 0. McKay best

summarizes the qualities both youth and leaders should possess; he said, "There is no road to the

heart of God that does not lead through the heart of man."O

10 Improvement Era Blowing on the Coals Within By Dr. Truman G. Madsen

By 1975 there may be as many as a quartercan almost sense the root of that something.

million Latterday Saint youths of college age. And, There are four dominant and recognizable drives

after them, doubling waves every decade, with perin youth: (1) the need for selfidentity and recognihaps 50 thousand more teenagers each year. tion; (2) the need for models, an almost photographic

Where are they? No longer mainly in a pocket of thrust toward imitation; (3) the need for meaningful

the Rockies, they are in Tokyo, London, the Contigoals, a sense of mission; (4) the need for receiving

fact, in every clime. and creating familial love.nent, and "down under"—in

Today's missionaries are not only called to all naWhat has happened, many ask, to the religious tions but sent from them. need? The answer is that it is right here under our

A stethoscope on their emotions would show they noses, thinly disguised. For, closely traced, ail four

have much in common with their peers: they are of these drives have roots in one, a deeper and

mobile, restless, unsteady in trying to find a role, even desperate need (more than a desire) to trust in often lonely, and sometimes extremists in asserting something, to worship someone. It may come out

their budding anxieties. shortsighted, or backward, or utterly confused. But

But they are also different; something gives them it will come out. Youth, therefore, can use a lot

a look even to hostile observers, a likeness that is less of heaping coals on their heads, and more there regardless of ethnic and personality variation. blowing on the coals within.

Out of the privileges of privileged communication with But how?

them, and with those who know them best, one In counseling sessions we see ways that aren't working well. Sentimental indulgence, for one thing:

Dr. Truman G. Madsen, director of the Institute of Morthe reenactment of the parable of the prodigal son.

University, is presently Studies at Brigham Young mon for study. For another, heavyhanded discipline, without any of postdoctoral University a year at Harvard

genuine love, which is behind the constant charge of

November 1969 11 adult hypocrisy. The way of isolation is no security president. With breathtaking accuracy they will foleither. On the average these sons and daughters low, almost without knowing it, subtleties of spiritual

will have spent 15,000 hours prior to high school penetration and discernment, and that extends to looking through a TV "urim and thummim"that their intellectual heroes in college. It is therefore a,

reveals all things pertaining to a lower, rarely a great day when they are drawn to a master interhigher, order of kingdoms. And whether in metropopreter who is an interpreter of the Master (and a

lis or town, a few steps and a few coins can bring tragedy when what President McKay has called their them face to face with modern Gomorrahs. Like "scriptural illiteracy"reflects ours), so that which

nuclear fallout, the world at its worst is with them. is seen and felt is Christ. Living faith, says the

"The Lord will permit all manner of abominations revelations, is elicited rather than indoctrinated, by to come to Zion,"said Heber C. Kimball, "to purify hearing the voice of the Shepherd—not, as our pride

the Saints."It hasn't taken long for the abominations would have it, our own. The main difficulty is to be

to come. transparent enough, at times, so that they are exMany are holding on, continuing unscathed, but posed to the Savior himself, if only at first to read

too many are not. (Any are too many.) But in the his lips.

past decade we have witnessed conversions, though In sum, they believe what they see. And in our

not without trauma, from practically every -ism and midst, which is sometimes His, they can be brought -ology and addiction in the catalog. Some of these to the point of acknowledgment:

youths are like an ironlung case suddenly finding a "Then shall ye know that ye have seen me, that retroactive Salk vaccine. As converts they are I am, and that I am the true light that is in you, and

bothered to find bomin-theChurch-butindifferent that you are in me; otherwise ye could not abound."

youths lured by the very dead ends, intellectual and (D&C 88:50.)

social, from which they are painfully emerging. And The Mission Motive

often their testimonies of dissuasion are unanswerYouth, so the complaint goes, is managing to be able. Thus we are producing, at startlingly early on the wrong side of every cause. And they demand

ages, a kind of youth who reach for Christlike-ness a piece of the action. How can we trust them with

not because they know no alternatives, but because, sacred things? The question reveals our distance

actually or vicariously, they know them all. from the Master more than theirs. He dares. His

The Identity Motive contemporary voice calls, is calling, the young to be

We are told that the most pressing, and sometimes "endowed with [his] power from on high"and then depressing, question that confronts the interior of to take on the whole world.

youth is "Who am I?"This is the real generation The Prophet Joseph Smith (perhaps remembering

gap, the gap between the fleeting fascination of that eternity had been lowered on his shoulders at young people and their inbuilt, inborn destiny. They age 14) once said, as he looked westward, "I want

are not required to abandon one for the other, but every man that goes [but these were mere lads!]

you can see new color, multiple shades of light, to be a king and a priest. When he gets on the

when they begin to discover that to do authentically mountains he may want to talk with his God."They

"their own thing"is to do Christ's. And that follows were and they did.

not just from doing but from being, being what they A mission!

really are. Some are not anxious to face that yet, Is it not absurd on the face of it that divine austill too involved in their civil war, not ready to seek thority assigns Aaronic Priesthood members to "see

greatness on Christ's terms, nor about to forgive that there is no iniquity in the church"? (D&C 20:54.)

him for wanting their all in order to give it back And, more specifically, "they must strengthen the better. members'faith; persuade such as are out of the way

to repent, and turn to God and live."(Teachings of

The Imitation Motive the Prophet Joseph Smith, 1940, p. 77.)

It is said, often with sorrow, that youth imitate, That is exactly what happens. First, because

to the last detail of clearing their throat, a captivatyouth's presence at the center of the Church's proing singer or movie personality, write adoring fan gram has the effect, does it not, of driving adult mail, and reinforce each other with talk that ends in transgressions underground or, better, moving the superlatives. more mature to prove their own renewal by better

But below the surface they can be seen doing arming the upcoming generation? Ask any MIA

the same for a seminary teacher, a coach, a mission teacher. Second, because of youth's absentee in12 Improvement Era

fluence. They travel on land and sea on missions,

including the military. They are there, throughout

the world, youngsters ordained elders. They are

there, nondissipating soldiers who are conscientious Richard L. Evans

participators, "a different breed,"says an amazed officer, who in one sense need no chaplain because The Spoken Word in a deeper sense all of them are chaplains.

And third, because any number of youngsters On being misunderstood have bucked thousands of years of tradition to accept and to live the gospel, while their families the pressures and complexities of life there is have symbolically held funerals for them. Cite Inmuch misunderstanding, and often we think

all the exceptions you can, but the modern metaphor wrong things about others, with suspicion, misremains accurate. "... my young men [and trust, imagining or magnifying offenses, misunderwomen]... are the strength of mine house."(D&C standing motives, and so live with resentment, when

101:55.) a little communication, a little common sense, a

little light, could remove misunderstanding. But we

The Familial Motive can't understand if we close our hearts, our lives,

Finally, youth, very early, is in love with love, too tightly. Longfellow left these searching lines:

regardless of how it is misdefined and twisted in "How can I tell the signals and the signs / By which their environment. Again and again we see that they one heart another heart divines? / How can I tell

can be appealed to on this score. Whether they have the many thousand ways / By which it keeps the

been blessed with the special surroundings of a secret it betrays?"1 There comes to all of us, at

celestial hearth or (as one study says is true of times, a feeling of being misunderstood, lonely, 65 percent of them) with nonsupportive, divorceand alone, sometimes even feeling in some ways ridden backgrounds that, at the extreme, were pure separated from those we live and work with. And

misery, they have this cumulative concern. we wonder why they don't understand us and our

They belong to the only church in the world where moods and fears and feelings. But others also have

it is clearly recognized that this is the most eternal their problems, their sorrows, their frustrations, their of the internal thirsts, the very ultimate human comfeelings of failure; others wage in some ways, inside

pletion. But that is like telling a little girl that the themselves, the selfsame battles that we wage.

Venus de Milo is more beautiful than her rag doll. "If we could read the secret history [even] of our

Certain kinds of amnesia and fever must pass and enemies,"said Longfellow, "we should find in each certain kinds of growth occur. But slowly it comes man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all

through with feeling (somewhere between age 13 and hostility."2 Every person has his problems. Every

30) that vibrant love is inseparable from marriage, person sometimes misunderstands, and is misunderthat happy marriage is inseparable from Christ, and stood. Every person has his moments of loneliness,

that the most divine form of married love is indiscouragement, of unsupported suspicion. All of us

separable from children. Such love shades into have vanities, fears, and sensitivities—and all have

worship, a worship over which there is a divine smile, weight enough to carry around in this world. And

for it is in his likeness. we all could give and take a little kindness and comThese youth are reversing the tide of degeneracy. passion, with charity, forgiveness, and willingness

Parley P. Pratt foresaw them: 'The restoration of to understand,'and lift life's burdens from others

these pure laws and practices has commenced to imand ourselves:

prove or regenerate a race. A holy and temperate "O God, that men would see a little clearer,

life; pure morals and manners; faith, hope, charity, Or judge less harshly where they cannot see!

cheerfulness, gentleness, integrity; intellectual de- O God, that men would draw.a little nearer

velopment, pure truth, and knowledge; and, above all, To one another! They'd be nearer Thee...."3

the operations of the divine Spirit, will produce a race stronger, and beautiful in form and features, more 2'Henrylbid., Driftwood.Wadsworth Longfellow, Tales of a Wayside Inn: Emma and Eginhard, stanza 8. in constitution, in temperahappier more vigorous

ment and disposition, more intellectual, less vicious, 3Thomas Bracken, "Not Understood."

and better prepared for long life and good days in *"The Spoken Word"from Temple their mortal sojourn."(Key to Theology, Deseret Book Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

Company, 1965, pp. 16768.) O System August 31, 1969. Copyright 1969.

November 1969 13 Learn to Listen By Mabel Jones Gabbott

Learn then to listen.

Hold the heart in tune Above the clamor of a fevered cry, Beyond the vacant gaze, indifference,

Between the loud laughs, the crude calls that try To build blank walls, to flaunt insouciance.

Listen: a frightened heart beats

there, A wounded spirit weeps a lonely rune; Listen with love, with understanding!

Care!

Learn then to listen.

Keep your heart in tune—

Not to the words, the lacerating tone, Nor to the haughty pose, the flippant sound;

Words are but banners. Heard

alone They tell but half;

Oh, listen round, And underneath and late and soon!

Learn just to listen.

Keep your heart in tune.

Give ENDURING CHRISTMAS GIFTS from W

v/P wi M2

ndProphetic m rotnises 2j&>c* "0MTHEDoctR,Neandcovenants

Fs 1

i *

is for "OYWOOXEY S8*o,.p,k,

s id;3V 1'-"'*,l "

V'';.,---''imkmiufimnmi/.;;";';":.

1. CHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU 2. THE SINGING KINGS 3. PROPHECY AND PROPHETIC

by Berta Huish Christensen $3.95 by Luise King Rey and Ora Pate Stewart PROMISES FROM THE

A joyful and uplifting book, excellent for $4.95 DOCTRINE & COVENANTS

family home evenings, it reveals the true For the first time, this just off the press book by Roy W. Doxey $4.95

significance of Christmas as it affects you as tells the story of the Singing Kings. This book demonstrates through one facet -

an individual. all started, the joys and sorrows of achieving PROPHECY - that the Doctrine and Covenants

stardom while keeping the home alive with is the work. of the Lord. Fifty subjects are

unity, love and the effervescence they radiate discussed, using one hundred and five prophon TV. ecies and prophetic promises.

E4. BOOK OF MORMON PERSONALITIES E8. LEADERSHIP & HUMAN RELATIONS E12. THE SON OF GOD

by Joseph Lundstrom $3.95 by Neil J. Flinders $4.95 by John K. Edmunds $1.00

To understand the personalities of the men Leadership development is the theme of this This is THE STORY of Jesus Christ and His of the Book of Mormon, is to gain a better book. The author stresses personal preparamission as told by Himself, his companions,

appreciation of the book, and the conflict tion, then offers the tools and motivation to disciples and certain prophets. The text is

that arose between the great and the inaccomplish better leadership through better compiled exclusively from the Bible, Book of famous personalities within its pages. human relations. Mormon, Pearl of Great Price and Doctrine

and Covenants, so arranged as to give the

E5. INSIGHTS GOSPEL

the SermonsFrom and Stories of E9. THE NEW BILLY CASPER storywhen chronologicalthe subject materialsequencewasirrespectivemade knownof

William J. Critchlow, Jr. by Hack Miller $4.25 unto man.

Compiled by Eleanor Knowles $3.95 In 1966 Billy Casper said, "Golf is no longer

William J. Critchlow was a master story teller the most important thing in my life."This E13. MISSIONARY BIBLE

with unusual ability for impressing vital gosbook is the story behind that statement, the Includes LDS Ready Reference pel principles through his brief storiettes, story of Biily before and after he was bapRegular with Persian Morocco Leather $15.50

based on true incidents. tized. Thumb Indexed, Persian Morocco

Leather $17.00

E6. HIDDEN WEDGES

Size, Genuine Leather $ 9.75 Kimball $1.25 E10. THE SAGA OF THE Pocket W. Spencerby

BOOK OF ABRAHAM E14. TRIPLE COMBINATIONMany people are not aware of their "Hidden

Wedge,"but few people are without one. by Jay M.Todd $4.95 Book of Mormon, Doctrine & Covenants,

For those, this little book has gigantic poHere is a treasury of data, experiences, Pearl of Great Price tential. stories, reports and other related informaLeather Bound $11.00

tion dealing with the mummies and papyri Thumb Indexed $12.00

E7. THE IRON TRAIL TO THE associated with the Book of Abraham. Pocket Size $ 8.25

GOLDEN SPIKE by John J Stewart $4.95 E15. OFFICIAL LDS HYMN BOOK

Here is the story behind the construction of Ell. OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS VOL 5 Standard, cloth $1.95

the Central and the Union Pacific railroads. by Bruce B. Clark and Robert K. Thomas Organist and Chorister's edition $2.75

A little told saga of the "old west"of human $3.25 Pocket Size, Leather $5.00

misery, financial corruption, and the strugRead select articles from the world's greatgle by tne melange of races who helped forge est literature. This volume deals with the E16. TRIPLE COMBINATION and

this final link in the transcontinental rail cause and effect of the widely scattered disMISSIONARY BIBLE lines. sension in America today. Each bound in brown calfskin $30.00

Era 16 'Book Improvement E17. MAN MAY KNOW FOR HIMSELF E23. THE REFINERS FIRE E29. SEARCH and RESEARCH

by David 0. McKay by Alvin R. Dyer $5.95 by Noel C. Stevenson $3.50

Compiled by Clare Middlemiss $5.50 This classic analytical work shows the sigFirst published in 1959, this book has been

That man may know God and Jesus Christ nificance of Missouri in LDS Church history out of print for several years. This 1969

for himself is the message of this book. and doctrine. second edition will help you analyze your

elufind that help research problems, you LORD ONE - ONE FAITH E24. IN HIGHLIGHTS THE LIFE OFE18.

is the right sive ancestor, he assured and be 0. E. by Petersen DAVID PRESIDENT Mark McKAY $2.95

one. by Jeanette McKay Morrell $4.95 A powerful and Spiritually stimulating work

Precious moments in the life of a prophet that will give any Latterday Saint an enE30. A STUDY IN FINDING AIDS FOR

from boyhood to leadership of The Church riched concept of the doctrinal resources of AMERICAN GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH as recorded by his sister. Not intended as a his faith. by E. Kay Kirkham $1.25

a testabiography,complete as but more OUR CHALLENGE MORAL E25. little This book to locate and shows how use of divine callingment to the the man. E. by Petersen Mark $2.95 basic source material. this inforTo many,

E19. CONTINUING THE QUEST A forthright discussion of the moral probmation will be the key to more efficient reby Hugh B. Brown $4.95 lems faced by LDS teens today, and how search.

The goal of eternal life is not easily attained, they can be overcome by positive action.

but President Brown's book testifies to the E26. AN OPEN ROAD E31. GENEALOGY IN AMERICA VOL. 1

value of faith and prayerful action in purby Richard L Evans $3.00 by Norman E. Wright $4.50

suing that goal.

E27. FAITH, PEACE and PURPOSE This book contains detailed information on

E20. ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY by Richard L. Evans $3.00 sourceConnecticut,materialsandavailableMaine. inRecordMassachusetts,keeping

by Joseph Fielding Smith $5.95 Both books by Richard L. Evans are comvaries greatly in each state.

New revised and enlarged edition pilations of his very popular radio talks.

An important source for Church members, it E28. A MARVELOUS WORK AND A E32 SIMPLIFIED GENEALOGY FOR

is a carefully researched and vividly written WONDER AMERICANS account of historical progress of The Church. by LeGrand Richards by E. Kay Kirkham $3.95

E21. ANSWERS TO GOSPEL QUESTIONS E28PL (Pocket Leather edition) $5.25 Here is an essential text for those whose

series of questions on a wide variety of gossource with abundant references.

pel subjects. Each volume answers 50 or E33 FUNDAMENTALS OF

more perplexing questions. GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH

E22. THE CHALLENGE by Laureen R. Jaussi and Gloria D. Chaston$3.50

by Alvin R. Dyer $3.50 For the beginning genealogist this is an im-

A thoughtprovoking and stirring exhortation portant howto-doit reference guide. The

to Latterday Saints to meet the challenge of authors introduce a systematic approach to our times. research.

JM *** H

MEET THE

MORMONS

about LIVING, Ik j LOVING tevwmt *A$E VJARK\'INGJ "***<,***""A C

jCHORUSES 1%i As** RA rj rj0m..

9/&*t/ </.,,/v, *> -"#-

'%iir'

STaj

RECORDS E40. ABOUT MARRIAGE AND MORE E45. WHEN HE COMES AGAIN

Mirla $4.95 Thayne by Greenwood Dr. Griffin C. W. Belnap by Dr.Glen $3.50 and DeanE.34 THE BOOK OF MORMON

is story seen treatment unusual of the Christmas this Love, to and An a profound sequel Life and About $49.95 plus $1.62 postage A

there, of a the eyes through as if he were of young boy useful into values marriage that delves temple book

The complete text of the book is recorded on 36 unbreakand frankly discusses intimate man and wife relationships. during the birth and life of the savior. The brilliantly

able 33V3 r.p.m. records. Set comes bound in two large colored scenes will delight young children.

stored withinvolumes, box. an attractive open end E41. LIVING, LOVING AND MARRYING

E46. THE MEET MORMONS PRICE OF PEARL GREATE35. Dr. R. Curtis Lindsay and by

Randall L. and L. Green by Doyle

$4.50 Dr. C. Anderson Wayne postage $9.95 plus 56*

The complete book, recorded on four unbreakable 33% An invaluable book for the aboutto-be married, the E46H. Hardbound $2.95 E46S. Softbound $1.50

r.p.m. records bound in a beautiful white leatherette, newlywed and those who wish have a fresh new level of

four compartment volume. understanding in their marriage. (NOTE: Also available in Spanish and German language.)

introduction to the illustrated colorful profusely A and SPIRIT $4.98E36. THE CHRISTMAS OF E42. PLEASE TELL ME

Church. practices beliefs and of The

carolsFavorite Christmas by the Tabernacle Choir. sung Gospel Questions Children Ask

E37. $4.98 by Elizabeth and J. Stanley Schenfeld $2.95 E47. HOW GLORIOUS IS YOUTH

Favorite melodies of Stephen Foster as arranged and When children ask those awkward questions, here's the by Marion D. Hanks, Elaine Cannon,

sung by the choir are different than you've heard them book that will give you the right answer in the nicest way. and Doyle L. Green $3.50

before... Oh Susanna... Camptown Races and others. For young people... a compilation of good reading that

noble intelligent understanding, and thoughts, presents E43. STEP GIANT A TAKE $4.98 CHORUSES,E38. BELOVED VOL II

gospel. of living of the the precepts rewards Menlove $2.95 the Nancy and Lund Jane by

Favorite choruses of such as Handel, classical composers

Brahms, Grieg, Bach and others, presented by the TabLovable fun for growing tots... an endless store of E48. THERE'S ALWAYS MOTHER

ernacle Choir and the Philadelphia Orchestra happiness. by Caroline Eyring Miner $2.95

E44.THE MAKING OF A PROPHET A poetic piece of lovingly written inspiration to remind

E39. ABOUT LIFE AND LOVE by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis $2.95 you of the goodness and strength that is... a mother.

Dr. Dr. W. C. Griffinby $3.50 Belnap and Dean Glen thrilling fascinating illustrated for A and book young ART THE E49. OF HOMEMAKING

13 specifically agesWritten are between to those who tells people years the story of which of the early

V. Daryl Hoole the by $4.25 couples. for married also interesting 19, but youngand Prophet Smith. Joseph

It handles the most delicate of boygirl relationships, but An invaluable aid for the wife and mother who wishes to in keeping with LDS standards. operate her home with smooth efficiency.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Send me the following items: (Fill in the appropriate numbers)

Total Cost $ Paid by check Money order or, please charge established account

This must include Wi% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Utah. Residents of'California add 5% tax when ordering from Orange. Book NAME

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 ADDRESS or 777 South Main Street, Orange, California 92668 CITY STATE ZIP

NOTE: If you wish books sent to another address as gifts, please enclose a note giving the appropriate address.

From a TeenAger's Point of View:

"Thou shall not commit adultery."(Exod. 20:14.);

"... he that committeth fornication sinneth ]

against his own body."(1 Cor. 6:18.)

Fornicators shall not "inherit the kingdom of!

God."(1 Cor. 6:10.)!

PremaritalBy Gregory SexNever!Spencer Hill

An article by Ashley Montagu, "The Pill, the Sexual Revolution, harmony with that of younger generation members like himself.

and the Schools,"was one of several on population and morality One of the suggested authors was Gregory's uncle, Reuben Hill, appearing in the May 1968 Kappan. Shortly thereafter Gregory professor of sociology and director of the Minnesota Family Study

Hill, a high school senior whose father is professor of political Center at the University of Minnesota. Professor Hill, however,

science at Eastern New Mexico University, Portales, wrote the sent the editors back to Gregory: "The problem,"he said, "is an

editor as follows: ancient one which each generation has had to confront for itself.

"I found Montagu's article interesting... yet I disagree vioThe best answer to Professor Montagu would be a carefully prelently with one of his major premises: that premarital sex is not pared statement from representatives of this young man's generawicked, and that the danger to society in seeking to maintain tion. The standards of morality are affirmed anew by each genersuch now artificial mores is marked...."ation, and in the case of American young people appear not to

Gregory proposed that the Kappan solicit a view more in have changed markedly in several generations...."

Here is Gregory's response:

The subjects to which Mr. Montagu addressed himpits you opposed—diametrically—to my way of life

self holds special interest for me. You see, I am a and the one that I intend to pass on to my children.

teenage boy, and my generation is the first to I suspect Mr. Montagu means to educate society

directly confront "The Pill"and "The Sexual Revoluinto a utopia in which virtue and loving kindness have tion."I found Mr. Montagu... articulate, but not demolished every vice and all hatred, making conconvincing. Mr. Montagu claims, "Young unmarried trols over sexual behavior (indeed, over any facet of

individuals... will be able... to enter into responhuman behavior) unnecessary. I wish him luck. It

sible sexual relationships in a... morally acceptable is without bitterness that I reject Mr. Montagu's

and reciprocally beneficial manner, which will help theory, but as a matter of necessity due to my rethe participants to become more fully developed ligious convictions: I am a Mormon. I believe that

human beings than they would otherwise have stood should every teacher in every school system become a chance of becoming. The dead hand of ugly tradi- a moral replica of the Savior and be 100 percent

tional beliefs... will be replaced by a new flowering effective in molding his charges, each resultant angel

of human love. This is a critical point."This is would adopt the strictest standard of sexual morality:

indeed a critical point, Mr. Montagu, and one which sexual continence outside of marriage and absolute

faithfulness to marital partners. For a Mormon, marHill of Portales, Gregory Spencer New Mexico, is a newly riage is a sacred and eternal covenant, and sex Mission. to missionary assigned the Italian

outside of marriage ranks next to murder as a serious

November 1969 19 "If the hippie subculture...is an example of the 'new

31!:"

I human love'awaiting us, of the creative,

of the future, then I will shortly become a reactionary of

E:

sin. Our eventual goal dictates such an attitude: Let us now examine the second question: What

We seek not that Protestant haven of peace and would be the actual effect of social acceptance of tranquility and eternal rest... but to become as premarital sex as a behavioral norm?

God is with our Heavenly Mother—in a literal sense Answering this question becomes easy if we totally

father of spirit children. embrace the negative approach to the previous quesBut let us... return to a most urgent question: tion and totally reject the positive one. If we can

Is it wise for unmarried young people, with our mortal (1) prevent unwanted children, and (2) rid ourselves strengths and weaknesses, to experiment with precompletely of guilt complexes... premarital relamarital relationships, seeking a "new flowering tionships can be hedonistically, harmlessly, and

of human love"? The question seems to me to divide almost casually enjoyed.

itself into the following subquestions: (1) Why and I do not accuse Mr. Montagu of totally embracing

how have our ancestors formulated and perpetuated this argument. He realizes... that "with the reour moral code forbidding premarital and extramoval of this barrier [unwanted pregnancy], the

marital relationships? (2) What would be the actual responsibilities involved in this delicate, this tender,

effect of social acceptance of premarital sex as a this most sensitive of human relationships, are behavioral norm? (3) Is there an alternative to "ugly greatly increased. Hence no one should ever consider

traditional beliefs"or wholesale indulgence in preentering into such a relationship who is incapable of marital sex that is more attractive than either one? behaving responsibly in it."

In answering the first question Mr. Montagu takes What is the greatest threat to successful, longan essentially negative approach: Society has heretorange marital happiness, after all? Sallie Clinton,

fore banned premarital relations because of the havoc a fellow Mormon teenager and a poetess, puts it to social and religious institutions caused by illegitithis way:

mate children, enforcing its ban by social ostracism of mother, child, and occasionally father. Free love?

... love? There is a positive approach more palatable to us Yes—Isn't that what has always made love

"prudes."Its basic premise is that the traditional But unrestrained gratification of one's lusts

moral code evolved from many years of experimentaIsn't it selfcontrol that separates man from animals?

tion with all sorts of manwoman relationships as the Yes. Love is free.

most practicable way to minimize the strife of jealous Lust has an ugly price.

men fighting over their women and simultaneously to allow tenderness, possessiveness, and exclusive- I have seen no evidence, absolutely none, not one ness in love relationships. Thus marriage became shred of evidence to indicate that premarital "pracsociety's most important institution and the family tice"improves one's chances of being happily

became its building block. Through the institution married. Yet my liberal, "scientific"friends assume

of marriage, society could effectively channel the that such is the case, ignoring the fact that many of priceless energies of its members away from neverthe bestadjusted, apparently most happy, prosperending... anxieties and frustrations and into proous, and creative members of our society do and

ductive and creative endeavors. have always adhered strictly to the moral code. On

20 Improvement Era Now for the third question: Is there an alternative

to "ugly traditional beliefs"or wholesale indulgence in premarital sex which is more attractive than either one? flowering of Mr. Montagu's touching discussion of love and

his obviously genuine desire to help us Americans out of the moral jungle we have created for ourselves welladjusted social order impresses this American deeply.... Certainly a

"predatory exploitative"male attitude toward sex is

I retain my belief that prethe first order."unhealthful. Although

marital sex is wicked and unwise, I realize that sex is not nasty or sinful in and of itself. Certainly

youthful energies must be recognized. But is it

necessary to gamble with something as dangerous potentially devastating—as premarital sex, as total

abandonment of traditional moral values, in order to the other hand, if the hippie subculture... is an escape the jungle, in order to achieve a healthful,

example of the "new flowering of human love"awaitwholesome life?

ing us, of the creative, welladjusted social order of I think not. The alternative I seek to the Puritan

the future these liberals foresee, then I will shortly ethic of America's past and the equally unrealistic become a reactionary of the first order. Playboy attitude urged on us now involves a change

I agree with Mr. Montagu: Irresponsibility is the of emphasis, nationwide. It is all well and good to

greatest threat to healthful sexual adjustment. But be able to accept one's sexuality. To say that the

such irresponsibility is not fostered by the alleged sexual process is a mere fact or part of life is to deprivations of the "dead hand of ugly traditional insult it. It is the very means by which human beings

beliefs."Generations have coped successfully with may become cocreators with God. It is the law

such restrictions, and this one is just as capable upon which all human life is predicated; for us there

of doing so as were its predecessors. Irresponsibility is no life without obedience to this law. It is not

is fostered now, as always, by lack of selfcontrol and because we moralists hold the sexual process unself-discipline. Too many people, steeped in the clean, undesirable, or ugly that we seek to protect

it from wholesale publicity, but because we consider delusions of the "Playboy philosophy"—that selfindulgence and maximization of physical enjoyment it sacred. Is the beauty of the sexual process enit, by forcing it to permeis the soul and purpose of life—have but one reaction hanced by commercializing

to the bumps and bruises inevitable in marital conate every phase of our existence, by joking about it in flict: They go to the divorce courts and call it quits. connection with every subject, by cheapening it to

These people are not "bad people,"but they are the level of fun or "kicks"or thrills? It is unequivocal

people who had better learn that nothing beautiful blasphemy!... Our youthful urges need little of

this perverted stimulation. We need desperately to or worthwhile comes quickly, easily—or without selfrestraint. recapture the pioneer American's capacity for good,

My generation has a crying need for such a lesson, clean fun.

and premarital sex—abject surrender to powerful [Among the excellent programs of] our church for

is not young people there is one we call the Mutual Imurges, yes, but urges that can be controlled—

likely to expedite the teaching.... With very little provement Association. [Editors'Note: See this issue

prospect for improved marital relationships, we of the Era.] The lasting friendships, social skills, and

would be traveling the "blind alley,"full of dangerindividual talents developed in MIA bless a teenager ous imponderables. Experimentation might well give far more than could a life of mere "fun"or selfrise to unprecedented feelings of insufficiency, inindulgence. The energies and tensions of youth are

security, rejection, cheapness, and guilt, creating thoroughly dissipated through MIA activities and unimaginable mental havoc. Sex is powerful but respectful, companionable dating relationships. So

neutral; it deserves our respect and caution as we why should teenagers voluntarily take the risks inuse it. It deserves the total commitment we now herent in premarital sex, standing to gain so little

demand of couples seeking to use it. We toy with and lose so much? Perhaps the world could consider

fire in demanding anything less; I fear we would our way before it plunges down the proverbial "blind

start a forest fire. alley."I certainly prefer our way. o

November 1969 21 HowtoEv We need at times to Guidelines on how do, and focus our attenstrive to focus on the basic tion on that basic purpose, purposes of our work so to determine your the task is soon comthat mere busyness does pleted.

not create the illusion effectiveness -in your Peter's perspective aboutthat we are effective when the appropriateness of an we are not. apostle's waiting on tables

Merely attending meetChurch calling was not, as we know, a ings may be busyness, reflection of his need for but to get something acstatus, but to make cercomplished is the purpose tain that the things which of our call. While I was mattered most were not

driving from Arizona to at the mercy of those

Canada long years ago, which mattered least. As

my car stopped. I got out the Church grew into

and started to tinker with it, lifting the hood and fussgreat numbers, many of the people were poor and some ing with every button and lever. Finally I got back were widows; and they needed daily ministration,

into the car, and it went ahead for several miles, then such as bishops might give through welfare in our stopped again. I did not know what I had done that own day. Peter felt that something needed to be

permitted it to go forward, but I raised the hood again done and touched every part of it; again, it went several "Then the twelve called the multitude of the discimiles before stopping, and so in short laps, with short pies unto them and said, It is not reason that we

rests between, I finally arrived at Mesa and drove should leave the word of God, and serve tables, into a garage. The mechanic lifted the hood, glanced "Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven

over it, and by the process of elimination, soon came men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and to the seat of the trouble and found that it was a wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.

clogged gas line. He blew it out and cleaned it, and "But we will give ourselves continually to prayer,

we went on our journey and traveled some three thouand to the ministry of the word."(Acts 6:2-4.)

sand miles without further difficulty. He knew his Seven good men were chosen and set apart for the

program and corrected the difficulty immediately. work to permit the Twelve freedom in the more

I was very busy but did little good. spiritual areas.

Are we accomplishing something productively, or Another good example of appropriateness: It seems

are we just being busy? Many times we beat the air that the Lord found much comfort and compatibility

and make no headway. In the drive from my home to and companionship in the home of Lazarus and Mary

the office, there is a little incline to get on the freeand Martha. This is in Bethany, which is just over the

way. When the ice is slick and I must stop and wait high Mount of Olives and within walking distance

at the intersection, my car will not move. The wheels of Jerusalem

spin, but no progress is made. I must back away and "And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat

make a new start, or change to another street. Are at Jesus'feet and heard his word.

we going somewhere, or are we just spinning our "But Martha was cumbered about much serving, wheels? Many times we read and study and keep very and came to him, and said, Lord, dost thou not care

busy but without reaching any goal. If we evaluate our that my sister hath left me to serve alone? bid her

efforts, set up the goal, find out what we wish to therefore that she help me.

22 Improvement Era By Elder Spencer W. Kimball

Of the Council of the Twelve

(Part 2)

aluateYourPerformance

"And Jesus answered and said unto her, Martha, reception was given him and he was asked to sing,

Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many the audience was nervous and ill at ease, and all were things devastated when his voice cracked. We need to con-

"But one thing is needful: and Mary hath chosen tinue to evaluate as time goes forward.

that good part, which shall not be taken away from A high councilor had a reservoir of excellent serher."(Luke 10:3942.) mons, well illustrated by narratives. The sermons

On Martha's work depended much of the convewere well received by his congregation the first time;

nience and luxury and comfort of the Lord. Certainly, the second time they passed; but as he continued to

he would not disparage it nor eliminate it, but there give the same sermons with the same illustrations, his are greater things and lesser things, and the Lord audiences were bored. Time is an element, and one

pointed out that which would endure. There are could grow stale without realizing it himself. Consemany Marthas who keep their homes immaculate quently, he must take stock realistically and often.

but who perhaps neglect the spiritual. There are Broad divisions of expectations may be a useful

also many Marys who are deeply devoted to the device, too, for testing our performance, such as:

spiritual and perhaps neglect the other matters. And What does God expect of me in this role?

there are many who are a delightful combination r 0<k0k W9k What do my immeof both Mary and Martha, who sit at the feet of f'SI Wie u r. diate leaders expect Jesus but also minister to him and look after his care f'of me in this role?

and comfort. What do I expect of

We must face our own feelings and selfesteem myself in this role?

squarely. We should not do this with the idea of How do my efforts

working ourselves up into a state of guilt for not in this assignment redoing more, but rather confront ourselves with how late to the expectawe really feel we are doing and seek to identify, tions and needs my specifically, what we feel a real sense of accomfamily and employer plishment about and those areas of our work that have of me?

trouble us. Illustrated by David Thomas Perhaps it would

There are many who perform and are immediately be well to suggest that since we are resultoriented, applauded and are flattered with praise in high terms. all of us must remember to distinguish between results

One must be wise enough to differentiate between we are entitled to expect now and those for which flattery and proper commendation. One must conit is unrealistic to hope except over a longer period

sider the cirumstances, the individual, and the purof time.

poses behind it, and then evaluate praise that comes A ward with 20 percent attendance at sacrament for performance. He must weigh himself and meeting could hardly be expected to increase it to

measure himself to arrive at a proper evaluation of his 50 percent immediately, but perhaps the 20 could be performance, and then he must move forward from increased to 25, then to 30, then to 40, and then to 50, there. with each period allowing sufficient time to organize,

One man I knew had an unusual voice and was once plan, and carry forward the charted course.

highly esteemed and appreciated. He had evaluated As for myself, I seem always to measure my own

his performance and it was good, but he had not performance by the estimate and appraisal of people taken into account the time clement and the long whose opinion of my service is paramount. For intime that had elapsed and the age that had crept stance, in days gone by, nearly every sermon I gave

upon his body and into his vocal cords. When a great in conference, nearly every decision I made, nearly

( Text continues on page 28

November 1969 23 24 Improvement Era "(fee/ aiAAnA)&vtb axJL yowv gtR7

27. MORMON DOCTRINE (new edition) 40. THE WAY TO HAPPINESS

by Bruce R. McConkie by Rulon S. Howells

A summary of fundamental doctrines of the gospel. One of the most interesting and effective missionIdeal reference book for personal research. $6.95 ary aids available, complete with beautiful full28. TRUE TO THE FAITH color pictures. $1.50

41. LDS BOOK GAME by Llewlyn Compiled R. McKay

54. THE YEARS FOURTH THOUSAND Heaton by Alma 0. David writings of President and The sermons Skousen Cleon W. by

Inoccasion. according to indexed Over 700 games matter. alphabetically by subject arranged McKay,

in narrative alive this covering Prophets The come $3.95 tool parents. leaders valuable for church and $3.95

Christ. of Biblical the David to time from events

29. OPEN AN ROAD 42. FANTASTIC $6.95 VICTORY

L. Richard by Evans by Cleon Skousen W. 55. FILE FAVORITES

vital of topics a variety with the skillful Covers Israel's of brief latest rendezexciting account use A but L. Zobell, Jr. Albert by

writings. $3.00 wise men's of quotations and with Miracle War. vous 1967 destiny—the collection of poignant stories, anec- $3.75 A marvelous

30. THE POWER OF BELIEVING 43. FOUR FAITH PROMOTING CLASSICS dotes, and quotations. $1.25

by Sterling W. Sill from "The Faith Promoting"Series 56. PROPHECY, KEY TO THE FUTURE

Must reading for every LDS. Reveals the secrets of Forceful recounting of spiritual experiences by men by Duane S. Crowther

obtaining a strong basic faith. $3.75 of God will inspire and thrill the reader. $3.95 Knowledge of the future as revealed by ancient

31. VITAL QUOTATIONS 44. TEN MOST WANTED MEN and modern prophets is interpreted in this fascinby Emerson Roy West by Paul H. Dunn ating book. $4.50

More than 2600 important quotations reflecting imAn instructive look at the ten most wanted traits 57. PROPHETS, PRINCIPLES AND

in religion, politics, education, portant ideas etc. of leadership. Inspires selfconfidence. $3.95 by JerreldNATIONALNewquistSURVIVAL $4.95 Indexed and crossreferenced.

SPECIAL MISSIONARY REFERENCE of of Presidents GenViews the Church and other 32. OF BOOK MORMON COMPENDIUM 45. BIBLE -B.C.I. eral issues facing our important Authorities about

B. Sperry by Sidney

nation the world. $5.50 and Every teacher and missionary has a need for this

Moravailable reference the Best on book Book of book. $12.95 58. STORIES OF BOOK MORMON

this record. ancient questions on mon. Answers all LDS FOR 46. YOUNG LIFE ABUNDANT

$6.95 Petersen Marr Emma by B. Brown Hugh

33. MEANINGFUL LIVING An eloquent testimony to all who wish a richer, Book of Mormon experiences come to life for

by Paul H. Dunn more abundant life. A compilation of articles, young readers. $3.50

Here is the formula for successful modern living. A speeches and conference addresses. $3.95 59. STORIES OF JESUS FOR LDS CHILDREN

practical analysis of the Sermon on the Mount. $3.00 47. SACRED OR SECRET by Jane Lund

34. GOD, MAN AND THE UNIVERSE by Ernest Eberhart, Jr. A new approach to Bible reading for young memby Hyrum L Andrus Valuable aid to parents in giving their children sex bers of the Church. $2.50

This book contains every known statement made education, training and guidance. Written in easy60. LDS ADVENTURE STORIES

by the Prophet on the title subject. $5.95 tounderstand terms. $2.50 by Preston Nibley

48. - LDS ENCYCLOPEDIA REFERENCE stimulate to adventure of courage Tales young and 35. MISSION FOR MOTHER

I VOL readers. $2.25 Allred by G. Hugh

R. by Melvin Brooks 61. BAPTISM ABOUT of assisting the Written for the purpose Mother in

aid of the invaluable for teachers An and students Petersen Marr by Emma of training disciplining her children. $3.95 task and

restored Gospel. $5.00 written This story fastmoving adventure for young

36. FROM THE DUST OF DECADES 49. LDS REFERENCE ENCYCLOPEDIA LDS teaches the true meaning of baptism. $1.75

by Keith Terry and Walter Whipple VOL. II $3.50 62. ABOUT PRAYER

Fascinating and inspirational study of the Pearl of 50. JUST TO ILLUSTRATE by Emma Marr Petersen

Great Price, up to date and scholarly in its comby LeGrand Richards An adventure story which will help young people pleteness. $2.25 A best seller packed with fascinating true experito feel the real purpose and need for prayer in

37. THOUGHTS FOR AN L.D.S. MOTHER ences. $3.50 their lives. $1.75

by Elizabeth Schoenfeld 51. HOUSE OF THE LORD (new edition) 63. WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH LOVE

A collection of verse and ideas to inspire, teach and by James E. Talmage by Ernest Eberhard, Jr.

counsel. Written especially for LDS mothers. $1.75 A prized classic on modern temple ordinances. Helps young people steer a clear course toward

marriage. $3.25 $2.95 for temples. Explains the need

38. ON GETTING

64. THINGS'DONE 52. 2000 YOU FIRST IF I WERE YEARS THE L. White by Ray

Office Presiding Bishop's by W. Cleon Skousen

"howto"book for anyone A who wants to develop habits. better organizational $3.25 biblicalHere is dramaone of everthe written.most fascinating accounts$3.95of barkingEspeciallyon writtenlife's journeyto stimulateinto manhood.young men just$2.25em39. LIFE EVERLASTING 53. THE THIRD THOUSAND YEARS 65. ILLUSTRATIONS TO INSPIRE

by Duane S. Crowther by W. Cleon Skousen by J. Randolph Ayre

New insight and information on life after death. In Fascinating stories and experiences in religious his- A treasury of pithy prose, poetry, stories and aneceludes descriptions of spirit world conditions. $4.50 tory. Makes Bible reading a joyous adventure. $6.50 dotes to fit every mood. $1.75

BOOKCRAFT

November 1969 25 Wtobupyowi GlwUfaal llwppcug canty!

wtsttaa j ORE I A -> VO ori / % -tA

BoyVfho Became i\ prophet try EW* UMW *** '7/iore/ i*7 OPc/i T****"1** * W*

Htft\ Ls4fcQ su TO TO o KNOW TO B.

ihtfOMM0W 'IHI&&S&1&.paww u kW

M "'Nf 'KW mmi, am "HBjfc,.7J4V

"$feQ /l

forgiveness

26 Improvement Era 1. MIRACLE OF FORGIVENESS 15. CLASSIC EXPERIENCES AND ADVENTURES

by Spencer W. Kimball Originally published by the "Juvenile Instructor,"

A modern apostle's penetrating explanation of four of these books formed part of the popular repentance and forgiveness, the Savior's way of FaithPromoting Series. $3.95

healing souls. $4.95

16. 52 GREAT THOUGHTS

2. THE WAY TO PEACE Each 5"x 7"card in this set contains a gem of

by Mark E. Petersen wisdom from the great thinkers of the world. $2.50

evils An apostle against speaks out modern and 17. TIMES AND SEASONS, Vols. 1 thru 5

gives inspired peace. to true guide us an $3.95

A reproduction of periodicals published by John 3. AN ENEMY HATH DONE THIS Taylor in Nauvoo, Illinois between 1839 and 1846.

by Ezra Taft Benson $35.00

Elder to uses specific examples Benson show how individual are being freedoms washed away—and 18.by EugeneTHE EVENINGWagner AND MORNING STAR

a gives solution tide. to the stem $4.95

Reproduction of church periodical published in 4. THE THREE INFINITIES Independence, Missouri and Kirtland, Ohio during

by Sterling W. Sill 1832 thru 1834. $7.95

Sills latest of Elder The pointing books, the way BINDER 19. ALL PURPOSE TEMPLE

to indishappiness. success 3 the and Stresses

Available in 5 colors gold, tropical blue,—desert in all pensable factors activity knowledge, success,

and character. $3.95 tweed, aspen green, and white. $6.95

I WAS BORN 5. PASSPORT TO SURVIVAL 20.by GeorgeBEFOREBickerstaff

by Esther Dickey An explanation of the preexistence in child's verse.

Stresses survival foods, and recipes using them $2.25 exclusively. $3.50

6. THE MESSAGE OF THE DOCTRINE 21.by C.INSPIRATIONALBroadhead VERSE, Vol. 1

& COVENANTS by John A. Widtsoe asOnewellof astwoforvolumes.casual reading.Ideal for talks and lessons$2.50

Vivid comments on theology, prophecy and literature as found in the Doctrine and Covenants. $3.50 22. INSPIRATIONAL VERSE, Vol. 2

By C. Broadhead

7. MINI TALKS

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. reading.Ideal for talks and lessons as well as for casual$2.50

Prose and verse combined to offer thoughts and expressions which can add sparkle to speech or 23. CLIMBING OUR FAMILY TREE

lesson presentations. $1.25 SYSTEMATICALLY

by George O. Zabriskie

8. DISCOURSES OF WILFORD WOODRUFF Practical, workable, approach to genealogy instrucSelected and arranged by G. Homer Durham tion, will teach you stepby-step procedures. $4.95

These sermons and speeches by President Wilford

Woodruff reveal an intimate glimpse to his life 24. THE GENESIS OF YOUR GENEALOGY

and his religious beliefs. $3.95 by Elizabeth Nichols

Excellently written test prepared especially for the 9. AMONG THE SHOSHONES neophyte genealogist to instill understanding for

by Elijah Nicholas Wilson the work. $2.75

The autobiography of a white man who lived with the Shoshone Indians. $3.50 25. THE FAITH OF A SCIENTIST

by Dr. Henry Eyring

10. PIONEER & INDIAN STORIES Shows how true religion and true science can, and

by Lucy Parr do, function in complete harmony (paper bound).

White men and Red men, good men and bad men, $.50

meet against a colorful pioneer background. $2.50 26. JACOB HAMBLIN

11. THE BOY WHO BECAME A PROPHET by Paul Bailey

by Mabel Harmer An exciting account of Jacob Hamblin, a courageThe exciting story of Joseph Smith's life from ous giant in frontier history, (paper bound) $1.00

Sharon to Carthage as told for young readers. $2.25

12. TALKABLE TOPICS

by Lindsay Curtis, M.D.

Real life situations which portray the value and validity of basic Christian principles. $3.50

13. CHRISTMAS IN STORY FOR LDS READERS

Compiled by George Bickerstaff 17 short stories and pieces on Christmas themes, selected for quality and interest. $1.50

14. CHRISTMAS READING FOR LDS FAMILIES

Compiled by George Bickerstaff

Heartwarming stories and poems tell the story of

Christmas in a way that lifts the heart and touches the soul. $1.50

November 1969 27 (r One is measuring up when he has saved a crumbling marriage,

( Continued from page 23 every argument I advanced seemed always to be would eat up and dispose of and consume all of the given with the thought, "What does Stephen L good years and the plenty that would have been saved.

Richards think? How might he have appraised it? Seven years of bountiful crops stored in barns not

What are his expectations?"only saved Egypt, but also saved even the family

I find myself hungering and thirsting for just a word of Joseph.

of appreciation or of honest evaluation from my suBishops have a "clock"by which to work. The child

periors and my peers. I want no praise; I want no becomes eight and needs baptism. The boy becomes

flattery; I am seeking only to know if what I give was 12 and 14 and 16 and 20 and needs priesthood ordiacceptable. Once I gave a sermon and though I passed nations. Then, and not later, the bishop is up against a

a member of the First Presidency several times, there chronological deadline. The Scoutmaster and Explorer

was no comment. I felt he was being very honest, and adviser must work against a clock in preparing young

not being able to say anything very good, he was men to receive their above flattery. awards, up to their

When I came to Salt Lake City, many years ago, Eagle award. The

my first public address as a new apostle was at a statistical picture is

Thanksgiving service in my own stake. The building clear—the Eagle is alwas filled with people, probably out of curiosity, to most always achieved

see what the new apostle from Arizona might look by a certain time or like. They listened respectfully, and as we left the not at all. This is

building, some gushingly said it was wonderful. I true also to a lesser

knew it was not. En route home, the members of my degree in baptisms

family were strangely silent. I knew they were honest. and ordinations; there

I felt the Lord was hardly satisfied. I knew in my own are numerous men

heart that I had nearly failed and my family conin the Church who firmed it, as the littlest lad gave the family appraisal might have been active had they been baptized, when he said, "Well, at least it wasn't so very long."confirmed, and ordained according to the pattern

Having evaluated my performance and finding it poor, and the clocklike precision, for they would then have

I endeavored to correct the mistake to give a better been followed up with greater care.

presentation next time. The chronological clock calls for a mission call for

Our effectiveness must relate to some extent to the the young man at 19. If he is not prepared spiritually,

events and pressures of the larger world in which our financially, and according to his desires and moods role is being played. Joseph's sense of the impending about that time, the likelihood of his filling a mission

famine, through God's help, made it possible for him to at a later date is slim indeed.

have food in readiness when the famine struck Egypt. Bishops and stake presidents and their associates

He was working against a clock, in a sense. are concerned again about the time element in temple

The prophecies coming through him had indicated marriages. If no preparation is made and young

a sevenyear period. Pharaoh had told Joseph his people are not indoctrinated and inspired to plan todream of the seven kine, fatfleshed and wellfavored, ward temple marriage, and if little or nothing is said

feeding in the meadow that came out of the river, and about it until they have announced their marriage, the seven other kine, poor, illfavored, leanfleshed ones likelihood of their being sealed in the holy order in that ate up the first seven fat kine. the holy place is very unlikely indeed, so the timing

He told Joseph his dream of the seven ears that is significant. And all who are responsible will train

came out of one stock, full and good, and then the long before dating occurs, so that the youth has seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east proper concepts in looking toward eternal marriage wind, that sprung up after them, and the latter dewhen that time comes. The personal commitment to

voured the former. temple marriage as the only proper way to be married

And Joseph interpreted the dreams for Pharaoh: is usually made by young people in advance of serious

the seven fat, wellfavored were seven years of plenty, courting or not at all.

and the thin were the seven years of famine; the famine Associated with temple marriage is dating. Again,

28 Improvement Era =S\ brought enemies from hate to love, changed a scoffer to a worshiper..."

a very important time element is indicated. If young is forgotten and the good is not accomplished. The

people begin dating in their earliest teens, and if revivalists have learned this lesson, for after they young people go steady through those early years, have given a particularly moving sermon, they call there is great likelihood that there may be immoralifor the volunteers to come to be "saved."

ties, early marriages, numerous divorces, and few Again, this time angle has another face. In the

temple marriages. On the other hand, if those repriesthood advancement seminar, the participants

sponsible—the parents and the ward and stake aumust not be made to feel that it is now or never, for

thorities—can induce youth to postpone their dating if they do not accept the program this month, cerand dancing and associations till a reasonable age tainly we will try again. However, when the iron

and then protect their proper courtship with necessary is hot, the strike should be made.

restrictions and limitations, the marriage will more Evaluation must ultimately rest on whether or not likely be solemnized in the holy temple of the Lord. our circle of concern is effectively wider than it was,

As to school itself, unless one gets his schooling in who is now truly feeling the positive impact of our the normal period of his life, the likelihood of his teaching or leading, and who was not within our getting it is almost nil. Few people ever complete circle of concern just a few months ago.

their degrees after middle age. Relatively few comPerhaps this is exemplified in the mission field

plete their academic training if they drop out of where we have succeeded in certain areas, but unless school in the elementary or the high school years. we expand, we may become stale. We may well conThe point is that in today's world we are so mobile tinue to expand our efforts.

and our relations with others are so often so fleeting I went to Sunday School class one day. They held

and temporary that leaders must achieve quickly if the class in the Relief Society room, and there seemed they are to have an impact. "There are no birds in to be plenty of seats for everyone. A new teacher had

last year's nests."just been appointed.

Numerous people have been converted to the gos- A few weeks later I had another free Sunday and pel; then, because the attended again. The room was full of chairs. Again,

converters did not a few months later, I attended the same class and follow through, other found it filling the chapel—no other room would

forces came in to disaccommodate the fastincreasing numbers.

courage and dampen In contrast, I attended another class that started the ardor, and never out with a full room. The teacher was a good man,

again did the same but he was slow and deliberate, and his lessons did individual come so not sparkle, nor hold interest; gradually, the class

near his baptism into dwindled down until there were very few who came.

the Church. "Strike This brought in direct perspective appraisal of the

while the iron is hot"work of the teacher. Many people will not continue

is an old proverb used to attend the class out of a sense of duty. They expect

throughout our lives. to be challenged and interested.

While the enthusiasm is stirred and the interest is Our effectiveness must relate to some extent to cultivated—this is the time to act! Since baptisms in the events and pressures of the larger world in which

the mission field have been speeded up and the our role is being played.

training has been reduced to a few carefully planned A class for half a dozen eager people could be quite lessons that cover the basic messages, there have been different from one conducted for 100 who are indifmore baptisms—proper ones—than in years gone by. ferent.'The handling of a troop of Boy Scouts would

Certainly the impact is greater when there is quicker be quite different from the handling of a Scout-o-rama movement and time is of the essence. for 40,000.

Many people stirred in depth by a great sermon We often complain at statistics and reports, but could that very day put it into their lives, as on Penteafter all is said, we must have reports. Otherwise,

cost Day, but if the time element is ignored and the how can we ourselves know what is going on, what days and the weeks and the months pass, the lesson progress is being made? How can the general and

November 1969 29 (f

stake leaders appraise and evaluate and help unless ishes speaking, they say, "Come, let us march."

they know the true status? Two bishops in the same town, using the same

Granted, figures can lie, and statistics may be dry facilities and with only an imaginary line separating and boring, and reports are not always correct; but them, each had 14 priests. One sent 13 of his 14 on

they do indicate trends and make us aware of the areas missions, while the other sent but three. Here was a

of need. Those of us who use these figures should bishop who needed to take stock and evaluate his

first evaluate the report itself as to its correctness bework. Were the boys so different? Were the facilities,

fore criticizing any person or group. the climate, the geography? True leadership was the

Statistics are most impressive when they compare answer.

the unit with itself rather than with other units of A 14year-old grew up in an inactive home where different size and conditions. Statistics can be very the Church and the gospel were seldom thought of. A

helpful when they show the progress of the stake or bishop saw the youth and "walked with him"through ward or unit by comparing its own record in succesthose fateful years. This young man was ordained to

sive periods. his priesthood offices, attended seminary and institute,

When I was stake clerk in the St. Joseph Stake, filled an honorable mission, was married in the temple,

something was said in the stake presidency meeting became a Ph.D., and reared a great family. There

about the noted progress of the stake in certain areas. were numerous boys in that community who followed

I remarked that actually,'we were not progressing in their inactive parents. Here was proof. The accomsacrament meeting attendance. plishments of the protege constituted the criteria that

I was challenged. "Oh, you must be wrong. Don't spelled a great success.

you remember at Central Ward last week how they How would you evaluate the effectiveness of the had to open the curtains into the cultural hall? And missionary who baptized my grandfather 135 years

don't you remember how they had to carry in chairs ago? Today thousands of members of his family are in

in Layton Ward the week before?"the Church, and tens of thousands of people are in the

Yes, I remembered that, but I stated, "There are two Church indirectly through his own converts.

factors that have distorted the picture. First, the We plant an orchard. There are several criteria

stake president was in attendance, and that drew a by which to judge it Are the trees standing straight?

crowd; and second, the communities have been growAre they in perfect line? Did they grow? Did they

ing, so there are more people. But the percentage of blossom? Did they bear fruit? Did the fruit measure

attendance is no greater."up to reasonable standards of excellence? The Lord

Again I was challenged. I said nothing more but said, "Ye shall know them by their fruits."

went to the vault and checked on the records and One has hardly proved his life abundant until he found that in 25 years the stake had not moved a has built up a crumbling wall, paid off a heavy debt, single percentile. It was 25 percent a quarter cenenticed a disbeliever to his knees, filled an empty

tury ago; it was 25 percent now. stomach, influenced a soul to wash in the blood of the

A prudent leader will not complain at the weakness lamb, turned fear and frustration into peace and sureor the inefficiency or the lack of interest of those with ness, led one to be "born again."

whom he works until he is certain that he has preOne is measuring up to his opportunity potential sented the program fully, concisely, thoroughly, and when he has saved a crumbling marriage, transformed understandably, and that he has followed through to the weak into the strong, changed a civil to a proper keep the matter fresh in their minds, being sure that temple marriage, brought enemies from the cesspool they understand the program and go forward. He of hate to the garden of love, made a child trust and

should evaluate his performance before he criticizes love him, changed a scoffer into a worshiper, melted others in theirs. His success will be measured not by a stony heart into one of flesh and muscle.

his brilliance, nor by how much he knows about the This is the proof. By following the preceding criteria

program, but by how well he can transmit the knowland others, one can evaluate his performance and edge and enthusiasm to others. We once more give measure his effectiveness and his success.

our favorite story. When one person speaks, the I hope and pray our new approaches and emphasis

people say, "How eloquent,"but when another finin leadership may prove effective. OJ

30 Improvement Era Kennecott

Is People Many kinds of people, some 7500,

Supply the heartbeat, Comprise the needed talent, Fill the variety of jobs.

Together they make it (COPPER) happen for Kennecott in Utah!

Kennecott Copper Corporation (k) Utah copper DivisionNovember 1969 "An Equal Opportunity Employer"V 31

Lively Band- A Proofofthe Program

Melva Maureen Uilani Kua (HaCarol Wadsworth (Nevada), 17, waii), 15, is Junior Sunday School is a champion horsewoman who chorister, branch chorister, YWMIA was chosen Helldorado Rodeo organist and music director, and Queen of 1969 in Las Vegas. She

YWMIA secretarytreasurer in the is attending BYU on an academic

KeKaha Branch on the island of scholarship and is majoring in

Kauai. Since she was five, she has languages. In her ward in the

danced with a Latterday Saint Las Vegas Stake, Carol is YWMIA group that entertains with Hawaiian pianist; she participated in the

songs and dances at hotels on 1969 June Conference dance fesKauai. She plans to attend the tival.

Church College of Hawaii and to! go on a mission. Dennis Scott (Canada) is a priest

in the Prince George Branch and

Ronald Gima (Hawaii), 14, is president of his seminary in the the president of his freshman class Cariboo District of the Alaskanat Baldwin High in Maui. Talented Canadian Mission. Dennis is an

in dramatics and speech, Ronald outstanding swimmer, and as an has had the lead role in three school allstar pitcher he represented dramatic productions and has rePrince George in the district playceived five firstplace medals in offs in Vernon, British Columbia.

National Forensic League speech He has been voted most valuable contests. He also placed second in player in both football and baskethumorous interpretation in the Barbara Lockhart (Illinois) and ball. His goal is to fulfill a mission

Hawaii state competition. Ronald Jeanne Ash worth (New York) are and to become a physical education

attends seminary every morning beboth former Olympic speed skaters teacher. Last May during an

fore school. who have recently joined the Aaronic Priesthood outing, he

rescued (Ray- a quorum member is Church. Barbara now working

a lake ) from and mond Packard in physical on her doctorate education and teaching classes on a revived him through artificial graduate assistantship, while Jeanne respiration.

is seeking her master's degree in physical education. Both girls attend BYU.

Douglas Diaz (Uruguay), 17, has studied the piano for seven years, has composed 46 original piano pieces, and now teaches 24 piano students and plays in an orchestra. Terri Sue Elliott, 13; James Franklin Woodham, 16; Yahna Sue Davis,

In the Trinidad Branch, Douglas 13, and Robert Earl Smith, 17, participated in the Florida Stake quartet is an organist, a secretary, a priest, festival. Terri plays the clarinet and the piano and is a firstyear Beehive

and a home teacher. Although he girl. James sings in his school's youth choir and is in the Florida Stake

is kept busy as regional music cochoir; he is in his second year of seminary. Yahna Sue plays the clarinet

ordinator of the mission, Douglas and piano, sings solos and is in a quartet group, and is vicepresident of has time for his hobbies—genealogy her seventh grade class. Robert is secretary for his ward YMMIA and

and sports. a student council representative at high school.

32 Improvement Era THE PRODUCT

We in the Church are partners in a grand adventure, challenged with the opportunity to spread the restored gospel of Christ, which can inspire a new spirit of truth, peace, brotherhood, and hope throughout the world.

These grateful youth from many countries have received the gospel and are eager to accept the challenge given to us by President David O.

McKay: "If we would face the future, no matter what it may be, with calmness of spirit, with an assurance that God governs in the affairs of men, let us as individuals and as a group lead exemplary lives."

The young people on these pages are the products of true principles and inspired programs geared for their benefit in the Church.

called instrument, ditional Finnish 19, Pirjo (Finland), Rasimo won in Finn- a kannel. contest the wearing her She is musical the youth (Washington), who 1 Kent Perkes

1 ish this costume. train with his Finland conference represents ward in Mount

Vernon on the stake Aaronic Priesthood youth committee, has received his Duty to God award. At his

high school, Kent was vicepresi- dent of the senior class and honored as honorary captain and most inspirational player of the football tearn. ] Treo Kimball (Colorado) attends

seminary in the Denver Third Ward and teaches Primary. She

was a member of the Denver Youth

Chorus, which sang at the MIA conference last June. She was a

class officer and member of student council at her high school, was a member of pep club and on the flag team, and was chosen sophoAurelia Rogers (New Mexico), 18, Dennis Getz ( Montana ) is an more class princess. graduated last June from Sandia | evening announcer on his local

h "High in Albuquerque, where she 'television station in Glendive. At

Anthony Hamilton (Nevada) has was a member of the National! school, Dennis was a member of

received the state AAUYMCA OutHonor Society, a member of the I Kiwanis Key Club, a member of standing Wrestler award. He also student council and the girls'. the National Honor Society, a delecompeted in the national AAU service club, and reigned as home- I gate to Boys'State, and a class

wrestling tournament in Detroit, coming queen. In her ward in the officer his freshman, sophomore,

Michigan, this year, where he Albuquerque East Stake, she has and junior years. Dennis is an

placed sixth in the nation. Anthony been Primary organist and Sunday Eagle Scout, a seminary student,

has been serving as counselor of School organist and has received and an assistant in the Sunday the youth activity committee of the six individual awards. Aurelia is School superintendency of the

Las Vegas Central Stake. He is now attending BYU. Glendive Branch.

also secretary of his priests quorum and president of his Explorer post.

h

JmUL I Harry Van Lottum (Holland) was This picture shows Bishop Van der the first Vanguard in the Holland Put presenting the award to Harry.

Stake to receive the Liahona award.

Hakan Palm (Sweden) was the only Latterday Saint boy in the

Borlange Junior College in Dalarna,

Sweden. He served on the student

Shelagh Rutherford Marchenski pology and psychology. In 1967, council for two years, and as

(Canada), 22, became a member Shelagh represented the Church valedictorian he represented 500 of the Church four years ago when on a Manitoba centennial youth students of the graduating class.

she was converted by a classmate interfaith committee of which she Hakan has been chosen as one of in school in Manitoba. Since then, was cochairman. Shelagh has been nine Swedish youth to receive speShelagh has served as a Primary social worker for the Manitoba cial training in the Swedish Govteacher, Junior Sunday School Department of Health and Social ernment Language and Interpreting

chorister, and Junior Sunday School Services, and has worked among School in Uppsala. He supported

coordinator. Last year she was the Indian and Metis people in himself on a mission for the Church

graduated from the University of The Pas, Manitoba. Last July she and has served as a YMMIA counWinnipeg, where she received her married Merv Marchenski, a recent selor and teacher in the Borlange

bachelor of arts degree in anthroconvert to the Church. Branch.

November 1969 33 Penny Susan Hult (Bermuda), 16, is a junior at Kindley Dependent

High School, where she has been Nancy Adair (Maine), 17, was an secretary of the student body, a active member of the 4-H club for member of student council for two eight years, a member of the Nain tional school, Society high Honor is treasurer years, of currently and Patty a McMaster (Montana) was plans to University the attend and school. year Last the was Penny

for high school leader cheer four joined of the Maine. Nancy, who as of recognized ten the top one

years cheer senior her and queen is just secreago, a year Church at honor students honors banan year. aLso in active She was Thesof tary the Houlton Branch Sunday is quet; she of the a Namember forensics, pians, in the National and School. still tional Society. has She Honor Society. classmates Honor Her

to in active time the Berbe had ( Illinois the Rauback Joanne ) won her voted "spirit "cutest smile"and as a teacher Branch and muda title Illinois of of Miss Southern of of class the of 1969. She CFHS"

secretary the Primary. in Talent trophy Miss the 1968 and has teacher a in been Primary and

in the Miss Illinois pageant. In Sunday School, and Junior Sunday

the latter contest, Joanne sang her School organist. Patty is attending

own arrangement of a Mexican folk BYU, where she plans to major in song and accompanied herself on dramatic arts, with a minor in the guitar. In the West Frankreligion.

fort Branch, she is a Sunday School teacher, Sunday School chorister, and Beehive teacher. She is also

the South Illinois District YWMIA

Brent Lee Mitchell (Australia), music director.

15, was soloist for the Rosny \

Children's Choir when they recently made a record. Brent has

also appeared in many functions throughout Tasmania and has sung on television. In the Hobart Branch

in Tasmania, Brent is a teacher in the Aaronic Priesthood and serves as an assistant branch organist. m

Leo Marks ( Arizona ) participates Jim McKibbin ( Canada ) joined in the Indian student placement the Church while in high school, program of the Church. While at where he was senior class president

high school, Leo lettered in varsity and represented his school at an track and in junior varsity wres- "Adventure in Citizenship"in Ottling. He was captain of the tawa, Canada, sponsored by

Betty Epifanio (Uruguay), 20, is crosscountry team for two years Rotary International. During his

a recent convert to the Church. and received a trophy for being the senior year he worked as a volunShe teaches piano and accordion most outstanding athlete on the teer leader of a group of underwhile working parttime as a procross-country team last year. He privileged boys. He served a misfessional model and pursuing prewas seminary president and a foursion in Southern California and

law studies. Betty has appeared year seminary graduate. Leo was a Arizona and has recently been

several times on television, singing representative on the East Phoenix teaching seminary. He is enrolled

and playing the guitar. In 1968 she Stake youth committee, has sung at the University of Winnipeg,

was selected to be Miss High School in ward and stake quartet festivals, where he is preparing for a career in Rivera, Uruguay. and participated in two MIA plays. in social work.

Stephen Hildebrandt (Wisconsin), 21, earned his Duty to God award, was graduated from seminary, and served as activity assistant for

YMMIA and organist for Sunday School in the Milwaukee Ward.

He spent two years at Harvard University on a full scholarship and is now on a mission in Germany. Last February, he produced

and directed the MIA production

Make Mine Happy with a nonJudy Marie Yu (Hong Kong) has

LDS cast composed of high school recently been selected as student students from Hemer Senior School body president at St. George's Coland children of the Canadian lege, a Catholic girls school. She

servicemen in Germany. This sucis one of three Latterday Saint

cessful production toured other Charles Stanley (Missouri) has Charles was active in Letterman girls attending the school. Conarmy camps. Stephen will return received the National Merit fourClub, Drama Club, and the Naverted to the Church eight years

to Harvard next year to continue year scholarship in mathematics. tional Honor Society. He has served ago, Judy is now serving as a

his studies in government. In high school in Sedalia, Missouri, as branch organist for several years. Relief Society teacher.

34 Improvement Era FREE when you join LDS Books Club Alice Tibbitts (Minnesota) graduand make your first a class ated from of 541 students the highest scholastic with average regular Club selection and as the only Latterday Saint girl of the group. She received a

fouryear scholarship to Brigham

University. Young She is the IN THE GOSPEL NET

director sportscamp of the North

Central States Mission. Alice and By John A. Widtsoe

her brother Kent wrote the roadshow last summer for the Duluth When the Master sought potential Anna's illustrious son, John

MIA. While in high school, Alice apostles, He found them fishing. Widtsoe.

was a student council representaThereafter, their charge was to be of the tive, a National member fishers of men. As an LDS Books Club member, you Society, of a Honor and member

the Girls'Club Cabinet. "In the Gospel Net"is the story of will receive your choice of one valu-

a woman, Anna Widtsoe, who tossed able bonus book free with every four by the waves of mysterious fate was books you purchase—a savings of

caught in the gospel net, and carried 20%. Don't wait. Join now and start

into a far country, where, through enjoying the genuine reading pleasthe possession of eternal truth, she ure and substantial savings offered and her family found unbounded exclusively to LDS Books Club happiness. The story is told by members.

Duane Alvin Burnett ( New York ) 15, served the youth missionary on the in committee Buffalo Ward and: 1. THE DISCOURSES OF 2. AMONG THE SHOSHONES 3. THE WAY TO PEACE

donated over 600 hours of labor: - WILFORD

to help build the Buffalo chapel. WOODRUFF By Elijah By Mark E.

In high school in Binghamton, ilford Selected and Nicholas Wilson Petersen

An apostle speaks autobiography The 6. by in was the debate Duane club and oodrut arranged

against out modern of white a who man flute, the Durham Homer played piano, clarinet, evils. Inspired guide lived with the Shoser- and Speeches guitar true to in the peace. and electric school Indians. shone

band. He was president of the Wilfordmons byWoodruff.President $3.50 $3.95

National Society Honor and served $3.95: as chairman of the Nations United

in state. his Model Assembly He 4. AN ENEMY HATH THE POWER OF 6. GOD, MAN AND THE

at delegate a Boys'State, was

THIS BELIEVING UNIVERSE DONE elected state he where was senaTHE Taft Ezra By By Hyrum L tor senate parliamentarian. and was

Sterling by Benson W. Sill Andrus received a Regent's ScholarDuane

the Reveals secrets of the to secrets Examples The ship letter a and of show BEUETOK commendation of obtaining a strong individual refreedoms were Universe faith. basic the from National Merit Scholarbeing to washed Joseph HAT8 are vealed

ship Foundation, and was chosen away. Smith by the Great

in to appear Who's Who Among THIS $4.95 $3.75 Creator. %% School Students. High He is now

a premedical student at the Uni- 7. LIFE EVERLASTING 8. ABUNDANT LIFE 9. PROPHECY, KEY TO

versity of Utah.

FUTURE THE S. B. Hugh Byh By Brown Duane

S. By Duane

President preBrown Crowther Crowther sents an eloquent insight, new New of to the those Knowledge testimony life information on future revealed the wish as abunwho after death.

life. ancient by and moddant

ern prophets.

$4.50 $3.95 $4.50

Linda Catlin (South Dakota), 19, 1169 is at music an outstanding student free A. Please "In the of charge Gospel send Widtsoe. Net"by John

is a scholarwhere she BYU, circled Also following selection: send the as book(s) Club my first

ship student. She plays the piano

and the saxophone for the school 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 band and the pep band. In high Check or money order in the amount of $

school, Linda was in the National is enclosed as payment for my first Club selection.

Honor Society for four years and Enroll me as a LDS Books Club member and send me monthly reviews. I hereby agree to

was awarded the American Legion purchase a minimum of 4 regular Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at regular advertised the price. for joining regular as a book not qualify (Premium does for the being most outstandaward

alternate). or selection resign at Club time after any For each 4 books. purchasing I may of class. her ing girl graduating

I accept, I will receive valuable a of 4 books savings book 20%. bonus free—a

In the Rapid City Branch, she has served organist School as Sunday. NAME

chorister is a and Primary and threeyear seminary graduate. 'ADDRESS.

CITY STATE.ZIP.

(Good only in U.S. and Canada. Residents of Utah add i'A% sales tax.)

November 1969 35 Dale Docking (Australia), 18, is a priest in the Hobart Branch in

Tasmania. He has been on the

Tasmanian Hockey Team, which competed in the allAustralian carnival in Western Australia, and on the Senior Men's A Grade Division, which won State Premiers in 1967 and 1968. Dale has been awarded

a commonwealth government scholarship and is now studying law at the University of Tasmania.

"//.:. * 1 j 1 i I

LeAnn, Kay, and Kathy Christiansen (Wisconsin) all enjoy baton twirl- i ing. LeAnn, who joined the Church two years ago, is a student body '

officer and baton twirler with the Program Bureau and band at Ricks

College. She was head majorette with the Green Bay Packers Band in

1967 and was also Wisconsin Twirling Champion. Her 16year-old sisters i

Kay and Kathy are baton twirlers with their high school band; they also I

joined the Church two years ago. |

The Great Vivessence Look Bradley Ray Jardine (California),

Clean... Shimmering... Elegantly 16, is member of the Oxnard "Four

New and Natural... Friends"quartet which won the

Created with LeVoy's luxurious organic regionaland sang quartetin the SaltfestivalLakein Taber1967 II the I Vivessence Cosmetics for the womannacle. chosen been He has

'of his high onthe-go! actor""most versatile

Ensconced in the "Case of Beauty"is leadschool,roleswhereand ishe a hasmemberhad ofmanythe a complete skin care'collection, plus a Channel Islands drama group. Brad |i

"Case of Accents"—a treasure of makehas completed four years of semiup items. Both cases faultlessly organnary, has been organist for all

ized for streamlined beauty programing. stake priesthood meetings, and has |

Make Vivessence Cosmetics a gift of stillScouthadandtimeDutyto toearnGodhisawards.Eagle II

is for the Northside the umpire for beauty the Holidays, and for every He

Hibbert Ritchie Lavar (Oregon), Little chosen was League; a mem- 'thereafter. day marvelous

sports. in 16, is active Interscholastic California of the Last year ber

he was chosen to participate in Federation baseball team; plays I'

Call Your of events pole Local the vaulting clarinet, piano, the the and and oboe; Consultant LeVoy's

Ritchie state track jumps meet. the Ventura County is a member of or

Vivessence LeVoy's. 12'6". years old, 12 he was When Youth Brad Symphony. wonder No ( 801487-3621 Dept.

fourpoint shot versatile a 180pound the "most chosen was | a he Becoming Ask About

'Consultant Vivessence is deer. Ritchie Scout, an Eagle the senior"! has been on He

active in his priesthood quorum, honor roll every semester and a

MIA, and seminary, and plans to member of the California Scholargo on a mission. ship Federation.

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Sally Hancock (Texas) has developed her talents in piano, violin, and voice and has received many

Sharon Christensen (New York) medals and honors in these areas.

was the only Latterday Saint at She has served as Primary pianist her high school, along with her for five years in the Lubbock First brother. They both attended Ward, and is now the vicepresi-

seminary and Sharon took piano dent of her seminary class. Sally

lessons and also taught piano lesserves diligently in her community sons. She was an exchange student in the Campfire Girls program. She

to Japan and new attends the is working in an underprivileged

School of Home Economics at Corarea of her city with a group of nell University. Sharon hopes to Campfire Girls, whom she has furserve on a mission and then go to nished with uniforms, parties, and

graduate school. classes on grooming.

h

1, ft

T r Keith Russel (Arizona), 21, was zona recently presented Keith with the state high school diving cham- a citation from the U.S. Swimpion his sophomore, junior, and ming World Magazine and the Insenior years. As a sophomore in ternational Diving Federation,

college, Keith was the Western which recognized him as the top

Athletic Conference champion and springboard diver in the world.

the NCAA threemeter champion He participated in the 1969 Olymand was selected for the Allpics held in Mexico City. He has

American Aquatic Team for unibeen active in the Church as a versities. Keith also represented fouryear seminary student, Sunthe USA in the World Student day School teacher and chorister, Pure elegance of line, cut and design, this

held in Tokyo, Games Japan, of a recipient in and to the Duty God Special Session Dress is beautifully tradi1967. Governor of AriWilliams in award. a mission Chile. He is on

tional with lace yoke and cuffs. Expressly

created for both slender and full figures.

Wear newly belted or flowing free. Adjustable lace collar... hidden back zipper

... slash pockets. 100% Nylon tricot and

lace. P,S,M,L,XL. No. SSD-E.

Matching Slip.

$22.00 to 38. #6245. $10.(

1 f 5f #1 Local,- Your PavittIB Danielson is an (Samoa) currently Samoa. She is Voy's Consultant in trainSeeLe

active of her branch secretary. a member in ing to become or

Mail Check or M.0.

Postpaid in U.S.A. ill S.W. Temple Salt\MLake City, Utah 8411

Within the bright celestial band

In shining splendor far above,

All beauties of Creator's hand Poetry Lie sheltered, and forever stand J Adorned in his eternal by love.

Yet in the clear, unspotted light

One beauty is to God most dear. Young Writers Man's soul in his progressive flight

ETERNAL MAN Creator's heart deems far most bright,

And stretches forth to bring it near.

By Lee Christensen, 16 Beyond the paths by mortals made, For here is man, Creator's grace;

Above the shadowed bonds of night, A perfect light his brow hath crowned.

There shines a clear celestial glade For he is of God's perfect race;

Of starlit jeivels in heavens laid, Eternal life adorns his face—

Abounding in eternal light. Eternal are his footsteps bound.

38 Improvement Era Illustration is by Olinda Hoehne, a young artist from Bountiful, Utah.

IF

By Mary Brinton, 15

// / believe and hold strong TO MY DAD like ash trees in the wind

By Susan Stockseth, 17 to the hand of earth,

And bury my feet in the same ground / am young and cannot see but stretch my mind high to the sun,

Through eyes that fathom eternity; through suspended clouds—

It's my head, dear Dad, // / step over the shadows

And not my heart. and adjust the light to push them out of the world

into the darkness whence they came',

TO MY MOTHER And step back to let a child breathe

By Elaine Wright, 16 himself of life,

We communicate Giving him shoes of truth that he might ivear and someday grow into—on lines grounded

in spiritual earth // / stand tall, no matter what strung from poles touching heaven forms of evil breed about me and cables cloudprotected or what calloused wills may brood, from shortcircuiting rains. And perhaps help move a cloud aside to let the

Angelic fingers harp our messages sun stream through—

across the strings of eternity. Then shall I be

And we sing "a tempo"in perfect harmony. a man.

November 1969 39 LTV Electrosystems Inc.

MEMCOR/MONTEK OPERATION Salt Lake City, Utah has immediate openings for qualified personnel in the following job classifications:

DESIGN ENGINEERS

BSEE or equivalent. Minimum of two years'experience in Youth

electronic circuit design. Familiar with discrete solid state

and/or integrated circuit techniques. Will be responsible for

design and development of complex electronic circuitry and devices for navigation systems from initial design through Speaks preproduction model phase.

We've heard you over the pulpit,

PRODUCT ENGINEERS aroundsessionstheandcampfire,seminaryin classes.training

BSEE/BSME or equivalent. Familiar with specification analyHere is a smattering of your opinsis, manufacturing methods and processes. Must be capable ions on a variety of subjects.

of functioning as a coordinating activity from the develop-—The Editors

ment and design phase through final production of complex electronic systems.

Q. What is the role of the Latterday Saint youth in society today?

FIELD SERVICE ENGINEERS A. "A growing sense of philoWill be responsible for maintenance of TACAN ground equipsophical and spiritual despair

ment and training of USAF personnel. Successful applicants pervades our society and some are

will have technical experience in solidstate circuitry troubleled to agree with Camus that the shooting and repair, and must be capable of communicating universe is absurd, that life is a effectively. Bachelor's degree and/or previous experience cruel joke. But in this morass of

in TACAN are desirable but not necessary. Assignments are despair, we as Latterday Saint

available in continental USA and overseas. youth don't have to join in the

fear and confusion. We need not

merely be 'children tossed to and

UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY TO JOIN RAPIDLY EXPANDING fro, and carried about with every

IN UTAH. PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION AND

will result wind of doctrine'(Eph. 4:14), for greater experience degree Advance and/or

in more favorable considerations. God has given us prophets and

apostles. We carry the torch of

ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS SEND RESUMES TO faith and truth in a confused and

PERSONNEL DEPARTMENT troubled world."—James R. Moss,

P.O. Box 11607 - Salt Lake City, Utah Stanford, California.

An Equal Opportunity Employer Q. What gives strength to today's

youth and helps them meet adverCOX'S DELICOUS sity with courage and grace?

Missionaries, CreamedMoney A.helped"Beingme. Thea LatterdayChurch hasSainttaughthas

head for one of the best in the U.S. me the meaning and purpose of

life and shaped my attitudes and

Special Holiday thoughts. I believe that what we

Gift Boxes continually think about determines our actions and attitudes in times

Lynn Madand save 10% Free(WriteBrochure)for of stress."—Georgia

21 OS MAIN COX HONEY FARMS Shelley, Idaho 83274\ 40 improvement Era NEW BOOKCLUB Beehive Bookclub TRIAL MEMBERSHIP FEATURINGsen, Rigby, Idaho. (Georgia was

stricken with multiple sclerosis, a WITH NO progressively crippling disease, MINIMUM PURCHASE! Dcscref Ifeoks

when she was a freshman and a cheerleader in high school.) FREE BOOKLET FOR JOINING!

'THE REAL STORY OF CHRISTMAS"GREAT SETS TO HAVE

Q. What is it like to be a Latterday Saint youth in a community

where you're in the minority?

A. "It's great to be a Latterday

Saint youth anyplace in the world!

But here, most of the students in my high school don't even know that Mormonism is a religion. In

my seminary class, which meets in my home, the students have to get up at 5:30 a.m. to be here by

6:30 a.m. There are eight high

schools represented, or one Latterday Saint for every 1,900 students.

In most of the prayers offered each morning, we hear this phrase:

'Help us not to say anything that will disgrace the name of the Church.'"—Michael McLean, Arlington Heights, Illinois.

Q. Of what value to the young

Latterday Saint is serving in the Books on Pres. McKay: By Alvin R. Dyer: 31 Understanding Things

military of your country? 1 Ancient Apostles 2.95 16 Challenge 3.50 of God 2.95

A. "I gained an invaluable edu- 2 Cherished Exper. 3.95 17 Fallacy 2.95

Sets: Other Highlights 3 in Life 4.95 3.95 18 LordSpeaketh I incation while Vietnam. know Hist.of Church 32 Comp. 4 Home Memories 3.95 Fire Refiners 5.95 19

it is like to friendwhat see a good 4.50ea. (7 vols.) 5 Man May for Know 3.50 of Confusion 20 Age

33Doc.Hist.{7vls)4.50ea.go discover in flames and down Himself 5.50 I? 21 5.50 Who Am of BofM Commentary 34 real pricethe for the sweet Life of breath 6 Treasures 4.95 Image Ta By James Reynolds(7vls)5.00ea.

'life. F. It'sof Books by Jos. with trembling Smith been of Faith Art. 2.95 22 Prophets8i Latterday 35

knees that I've knelt to thank my 7 Answers to Gospel Ques23 Great Apostasy 2.50 D8iC(4vols.) 4.95ea.

tions(5vols.) 3.25 2.95 Lord the Houseof ea. 24 of Story Childs BofM for his Father 36Heavenly guidance

.in Hist. Essen Ch. 8 5.95 Christ 3.95 Jesus the 25 2.25ea. Neeley(4vols) Larson,and Origin 9 ManHis & blessings."—Tom Burton: Alma By D. Hawkes John By Destiny in a serving on 4.00 missionnow

Dis.of Jos.Smith 4.95 Digest4hr. 26 1.95 37 BofM 10 Restor.all Things 3.50Hawaii. Shall For be 27 Test. Digest 1.95 They 38 New 11 of Progress 3.95 Man

2.50 services "Today's armed Comforted need Cards 39 Scripture 12 SignsoftheTimes3.25

Trail 1.95 28 cards) 2.50 Mormon (325honest, serviceclean, worthy and Heed... 13 Take 4.95 Church 29 Read.inLDS Church QuizEttes: 40 for to their set the standardmen 14Teach.-Jos.Smith 3.95 ea. Hist.(3vols.) 4.50 2.95 Hist.Flashcards

comrades to follow. There is no 15 Way to Perfection 3.50 30 StoriesMor.Hist. 3.50

limit to the daily opportunities and challenges to be an example CHARTER MEMBERS RECEIVE:

and to share our understanding a.b. MonthlyCatalog ofReviews!our books! d.c. Discount"Real StorylistsofupChristmas'-Skousento 50%

of the gospel with those who dePlease enroll me as a charter member and send me FREE "Real Story of Christmas."

I I is resign there purchase However, time!sire understand any and no minimum may to know the truth."—Lare

else "feature to each or return the I agree the card"purchase "review month book"Eastland.

I will for a receive that every of nondiscounted For month. books $20 FREE BOOK!

Enclosed is$ for the following numbered book(s):

Q. How do Latterday Saint youth (Beehive pays postage! Add 4/4% sales tax in Utah) Nov. 69

react to the high moral standards Print Name:. Address:.

City: State:. Zip:

November 1969 41 maintained by the Church? "Sunshine"A. "The moral standards of the

Church are a blessing to us. The

Lord doesn't give us these stanto punIn dards and commandments A Box ish us or to spoil our fun. He

loves us. Satan is extremely

jealous of the body given to man and will go to any length to cause us to desecrate it and bring about our spiritual downfall. So the

Lord has given us, through the prophets of the Church, many specific guidelines for us to follow so we can return to him."—Diana

Harman, Moreland, Idaho.

Q. How do Latterday Saint youth

feel about the recurrent rebellions against society's laws and orders?

A. "One of the best things about

our world is that it is not a 'chance world.'It is a world of law and

order. We must obey the laws so

that we and others can enjoy freedom. Those who enforce these

regulations are also trying to make

You might wonder why we refer to elecit possible for us to maintain our tric dryers as another kind of "sun."liberty."—Susan Winder, Granger,

Well, we could tell you about the pure Utah.

heat, or the fresh smell, or the safety for all fabrics against fading or yellowing. Q. How important has your trainBut if you really want to know why an ing at the institute of religion been

electric dryer is more like natural sunto you during your college edushine than any other, ask the woman cation?

dryer. uses a flameless Then who see A. "John Henry Newman, in his the carefree elecat your new models

tric dealer. essay 'The Idea of a University,'

demonstrates that in order to re- a ceive perspective, a balanced Buy a Carefree Electric Dryer Now include in his curstudent must

Utah Power & Light Company riculum the study of science, letters, and theology. The gospel

KLUB/KWIC(FM) FULLTIME STEREO KLUB/KWIC(FM) helps us realize that the main cs enlargepurpose ourof ourmindseducationand increaseis to

O Mountain America's Choicest Music our understandings, so that we 3 may enjoy the spiritual things of life more abundantly. For me the KLUB57 AM KWIC97 FM STEREO

institute has oasis, always been an l \3u / of strength, source peace,.. from high atop Farnsworth Peak... OVf/'a: NOW. > a

kind actions, smiles, encouraging ofUJQ KLUB'sStereo! Magnificient Medleys on KWIC(FM) M 70> words, and most New mountaintop location! all a houseO Expanded intermountain coverage! of truth."—Randy Romrell, PocaMaximum authorized power! r tello, Idaho. o

Tune in... 97 on your FM dial! Be KWIC about it!

KLUB/KWIC(FM) MAGNIFICENT MEDLEYS KLUB/KWIC(FM) 42 Improvement Era..IT'S ONE THING. A REFRIGERATOR AND FREEZER ON WHEELS

It's true... over 50% of the Nation's refrigerated rail cars are

supplied by PFE* to keep perishable products garden fresh and frozen products as solid as an iceberg.

Our giantsize fleets of diversified rail equipment are capable of transporting huge quantities and varieties of products to markets.

Union Pacific is one of the best equipped, service oriented railroads in the world. The moment you call... customer care begins.

For confidential plant site information in the Union Pacific West, write Edd H. Bailey, President,

Union Pacific, Omaha, Nebr. 68102

*Owned jointly by Union Pacific and Southern Pacific

November 1969 43 Attention LaurelsEnsigns M MenGleaners Youth of the World

Think At this time in your life, what is your uppermost concern? What are the

weakest areas of your religious life? From what source have you derived the

greatest benefits in establishing your present philosophy of life?

If your friends had these same areas of concern, what lesson material would you like to have discussed in your Mutual class?

Below we give you the opportunity to provide information that will be most

Relate helpful. The subject material of your future lesson manual may be largely

determined by the response you give to this questionnaire.

—Respond;=:;: iM The subject I would like to have discussed is

Points to cover A.

B.

C.

D.

Name

Address

Age.-

MIA Class

44 Improvement Era On These Principles

By Elder Marion D. Hanks

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and Editor, Era of Youth

The real "battle of the century"is the struggle to of their gracious gifts of selfless love for our sakes.

help youth discover true meaning in life and to guide What is a worthy young life?

them to live with character and quality, and The The Church teaches its youth that a good life is

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is in the one that strives and moves toward excellence, toward front lines of the encounter. The Church is combeing a person of the highest quality that it is posmitting vast resources of people, principles, and prosible for one to become. It is a life balanced in

grams in aiding the youth in the difficult adventure spirituality, high personal standards, trained and of choosing and serving the things that matter most. disciplined mentality, physical readiness and wellAn American editor recently wrote: being, mature capacity to meet difficulty, and a sense

The Mormons seem to have an answer to the quesof responsibility to others, including generations yet tion that concerns every religious body: "How do we unborn.

hold onto our young people?"... [They] take their The Church has strength to offer in all of these

faith seriously. And that, perhaps, is the ultimate secret ways, and in building leadership, developing sensiof their success in keeping young people close to the tivity to things beautiful and uplifting, influencing to

Church. wise courtship, happy marriages, and joyful family

relationships, and inspiring good minds to good judgment.

What does the Church want for its youth, and how What are the hazards?

does it help them? There is the nature of youth itself, and there are

The Church wants to help young people find the the circumstances of living in this complex world.

richness and wholeness and goodness of life that are Keats said in his preface to Endymion:

worthy of God our Father, of Christ our Savior, and "The imagination of a boy is healthy, and the

November 1969 45 mature imagination of a man is healthy; but there is a knowledge, permitting opposition, protecting our

space of life between, in which the soul is in ferment, right and responsibility to choose, requiring that we the character undecided,... thence proceeds mawkanswer for our choices, sending a Savior to clothe

ishness...."justice in tender mercy, making repentance possible

The times are characterized on the one hand by the and forgiveness sure.

fomenting of destructive disorder by callow, sterile, and misguided lives posing as qualified critics, and LIFE IS ETERNAL, MEANINGFUL on the other hand by challenging criticism from intelligent (often youthful) sources seeking to inspire Life is eternal; mortal life is purposeful and meanhigher morality and loftier behavior. Youth need help ingful. Identity and personality persist. What we gain

in mind and spirit we carry with us through mortal in discerning between the two courses—in rejecting

the one and contributing to the other. They need to death into eternity. Life, then, is a schoolroom, not a

form good character through wise choices, effectively playground or a tournament or a test of capacity acted upon. for material acquisition. We are here to seek, to

How does the Church go about this weighty underask, to knock, to learn faith, to learn obedience, to taking? The answer begins with principles. learn to walk by the Spirit. Worship is communion

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints with God; prayer is a way to be in touch with him.

teaches youth correct principles, offers them opportunity to learn to apply those principles in vital proCHRIST AND MAN grams, and provides wise guidance from concerned adults. It seeks to provide a climate in which young The "work and glory"of Deity are to "bring to pass

men and young women can develop faith, a sense of the immortality and eternal life of man."Salvation

belonging, a commitment to service, and an acceptis a prize we reach through a door with a double able selfimage based in loving and being loved. lock: Christ has turned the key—he stands at the

trio of door and knocks; the other key is on the inside of Emptiness, loneliness, anxiety—the tragic

be turned by us as we open contemporary curses—are controlled, and can be our hearts and must

vanquished, when true principles are made flesh them to him and walk the way he has provided. Our

and dwell in us. glory is in our capacity to obey his commandments.

What are the principles?

TITHES, FASTING

GOD LIVES All that we have, God has provided for us. Tithes

and offerings brought into his storehouse are a reEvery person is an eternal person, a literal child turn we give him. He teaches us to give also of

of God, who is the "father of the spirits of all men."ourselves. We fast and pray for faith to understand,

As a spirit child of his Father, he lived and loved to undertake, to refrain, to endure. Tithing is a

and made choices and was himself in the premortal spiritual principle. Mormon youth pay tithes on all

world. Active on the side of the Savior's cause in the they earn from childhood.

"war in heaven,"he came into the world with a mission and a meaning. With all other sons and daughters of God, he will live forever, enjoying, if he SERVICE

chooses, an eternally progressive life of creative service in the kingdom of God. He makes that choice God loves us and commands that we love him and

during his mortal experience in the faith, obedience, our neighbors. But he is not satisfied with lip service

endurance, and loving concern he learns and manior eye pleasing. Love in the abstract means nothing.

fests. God must have an instrument for the revelation of

God is a living, loving, holy, eternal Father, good his love. He demands of us that we be holy, unand gracious, desiring our wellbeing, providing selfish, noble. The Savior is our standard, the

46 Improvement Era Samaritan the example he has supplied us. Young what is true and good. He undertakes to fulfill that

people in the Church are given many opportunities responsibility through devoting two years of his life to serve. to fulltime missionary proselytizing in an assigned

area in some part of the world, at or near home or

FORGIVENESS abroad. This he does at his own expense with money

he has earned or which may be supplied in part by

There is rejoicing in heaven when a wanderer turns family or others.

homeward, when a sinner repents; there must also

be rejoicing on earth among those who would follow PHYSICAL FITNESS the Lord—not judgment, not criticism, not condemnation, not rejection or reviling or contempt, but Physical health and wellbeing are essential to the

rejoicing for the prodigal returned. full life, and a young Mormon is taught from childhood to safeguard and strengthen his body. He

DATING AND MARRIAGE does this on principle, believing that his body is a nonevil component of his eternal soul: "The spirit

Like God and man and love, marriage is eternal, and the body are the soul of man."In practice he

and so is the family. Dating must have that in mind; follows a health code known as the Word of Wisdom,

courtship must be conscious of that truth. Eternal taken from an 1833 revelation from the Lord to

marriage is the natural product of two who live in the Prophet Joseph Smith. In it the Lord counsels

love and bring forth a rich harvest; it is God's law abstinence from the use of alcohol, tobacco, and

of marriage. Mormon youth marry in a temple for other harmful substances, with the promise of re-

"time and for all eternity."sulting physical, mental, and spiritual blessings.

Hard, honest work is encouraged, occasionally

AUTHORITY invited by the Church at the chapel or grounds, or at a welfare farm, ranch, or cannery whose produce

God's authority to represent him is given by him goes to those in need.

to those whom he selects and ordains in his appointed Sports activities and organized athletics of many way. It is not an automatic acquirement of those varieties are encouraged and sponsored by the

who "choose"him, for he has said, "Ye have not Church, and so are camping and dancing and other chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained wholesome recreation. Someone has called it

and cultural acyou."Ordinary men from ordinary walks, called and "spiritualized recreation"—physical

authorized by God, can serve him as his authentic tivities under Church influence and standards, with agents. the guidance of qualified leaders.

Devoted Mormon males from age 12 are comYoung Mormons are taught to answer the call of missioned with offices of priesthood authority their country with devotion and courage. What was

qualifying them for leadership opportunities and said of the valiant young sons of the people of Ammon sacred service commensurate with their age and 2,000 years ago is a guide to modern Mormon youth:

experience. "And they were all... exceedingly valiant for

All these principles and many more God has recourage, and also for strength and activity; but be-

... true at all timesvealed to men by his holy prophets in every dispenhold, this was not all—they were

sation, including our own. To Mormon youth, his in whatsoever thing they were entrusted."(Al. 53:20.)

religion has the power to "loose the spiritual force"within them. They are true children of God. MORALITY

MISSIONARY WORK With a responsible, religious attitude toward life, others, the body, marriage, and the family, young

The Mormon youth is also a brother to all other members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday men. He owes to them the responsibility to share Saints give strong emphasis to high moral standards.

November 1969 47 JOY

Mormons believe that "men are, that they mightLike God and man and love, have joy,"and that true joy is the product of living marriage is eternal, in a way that will permit an acceptable selfimage based in good conscience and selfesteem. It does

and so is the family. Dating and not come in rioting or destroying, or in peculiarities

of dress, hair length, or behavior. Relationships with

courtship must be conscious family and friends and others must be wholesome and rewarding if life is to be joyful, and there must of that truth."be reliance upon God and growing confidence in his

presence. Friendliness and genuine concern for all

men of whatever origin, status, or persuasion is taught the young people of the Church. Acceptance

of civic and community service is strongly encouraged; public life and politics are felt to be noble and

desirable pursuits.

Family ties are especially important to members

They are counseled to live clean and wholesome lives. of the Church. The religion is familycentered.

Chastity, fidelity, and loyalty are taught in all of the Regular family home evenings are held, family organizations of the Church at every age level. Even prayer, church attendance and service widely shared;

younger children commit to memory the Articles of family celebrations, vacations, traditions, work

Faith, which include: undertakings, and play the established ideal. Parents

"We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevoare more interested in leading their children into lent, virtuous, and in doing good to all men.... If happy relationships and experiences than in encourthere is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report aging pursuit of the material, though education and

or praiseworthy, we seek after these things."competence in one's chosen work are given consistent emphasis.

EDUCATION LEADERSHIP From the scriptures, Mormon youth are taught that "the glory of God is intelligence,"that theyare We learn to do by doing, and Mormon youth are to "seek learning... by study, and also by faith,"led into many productive opportunities to do. There

and that "whatever principle of intelligence we attain is no professional clergy, so the work load is left with unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection. the members. Young people in the Church speak

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelfrequently, counsel with their leaders, organize and ligence in this life through his diligence and obediplan and conduct activities, teach, sing, and perence than another, he will have so much the form. They take part in musicals, plays, and forensics.

advantage in the world to come."(D&C 130:1819.) They take the lead in meetings and officer organizaConstant attention is given to encouraging young tions. This training and these experiences produce

people to educate, discipline, refine, and sharpen lay leaders of extraordinary quality and enable the their minds. Church schools are established at variChurch to function efficiently on every level.

ous levels in various countries, including colleges, Because they have been taught correct principles, business schools, and universities. In proximity to young Mormons away from home at school, in mishigh schools in many parts of the world, the Church sionary work, in employment, and in the military

maintains seminaries that the students can attend are able to govern themselves and to stay close to the before school or on released time, and in conjunction Lord and to the Church.

with universities and colleges there are institutes of religion, all designed to encourage secular learning On these and other principles, programs for the and to balance it with the spiritual and moral trainyouth of the Church are fashioned. In the principles

ing requisite for the full life. of the gospel of. Jesus Christ is the strength which,

A healthy mind will reach high standards of thinkundergirds and gives meaning to all that is done to ing and lead to high standards of living. keep young people close to the Church. O

48 Improvement Era jL f'lesus Christ

for Youth

yfiP*

'S*f.t

u*4&'

P Vi-i 4;#.jsn

i-,><

iittfMP They need to search..

...to meditate

rejoice

f 1 Youth need to grow mentally, physically, spiritually, socially. They need time to meditate, time

to play and compete and train. They need to participate and express themselves, to improve their

minds and strengthen their character, develop their talents and learn leadership and social skills. They

need to increase in understanding of God, to serve their fellows, to discipline self, and to search and stretch and persist in doing. They need to work, to

endure, to sacrifice, to love. They need to learn to

meet frustration, difficulty, and temptation effectively. And, importantly, they need to identify themselves with significant goals, with a commitment to

the Lord, his kingdom, and his cause.

Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints believe, as Paul suggested to Timothy, that they must be examples "of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity,"and "neglect not the gift"that is in them.

They also believe that belief isn't enough. Knowledge of the truth is indispensable to salvation. But

knowledge alone won't get a man very far in this life or the next. Application of high principles to one's

daily life will. Therefore, the programs of The Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are very carefully prepared to implement the lofty principles of the gospel and to meet the needs of the individual.

Members who are actively involved in the full church program receive direction and development in every phase of their lives at every stage in their lives.

This section is devoted primarily to the programs of the Church as they have been developed to meet the special needs of youth.

The following pages feature the major programs of the Church that are geared to the unique needs of youth and that implement the principles of the gospel in their lives.

November 1969 51 X'

Vk m \

i

&*u* "4

y H a

r"'Ti:-i:fe:--<fe:..-...:'..:.'".

in-'

President Brighatn Young organized the MIA a century ago. Today, as in its beginning, MIA seeks to instill

ivithin its members individual testimonies of the truth and to give them opportunities for selfimprovement and personal development. V fo

it in long had "I have my tf s w 5 II the to organize young mind ladies of Zion into an association so that they might assist the older members of the 'mj*mt Church... in propagating, 4:

teaching and practicing the principles I have so long been teaching. There is need for

the young daughters of Israel to get a living testimony of the truth."—President Brigham

Young, ISov. 28, 1869

m i *

"Firm as the mountains around us,

Stalwart and brave we stand...."

These words of the stirring Mutual Improvement Association anthem "Carry On"ring out throughout the world, in wards and stakes, branches and missions, as young people assemble in the spiritual and recreational activities of this youthoriented program.

What is MIA? It's a group that meets each week, sometimes for classes, sometimes for recreational activities,

sometimes for cultural development. It's a small group

meeting in a home or a rented room in a mission area or a large group meeting in a ward or stake center. It's a

dedicated corps of 100,000 men and women from all walks of life who serve as leaders and teachers. It's a

program that embraces the arts—music, dance, speech,

gives particiand opportunity to youth an drama—and

It's talents. pate action, and develop their of a program

with emphasis on athletics and sports and camping. It's

a program of learning, on gospel subjects as well as on personality and character development.

MIA youth are divided into age groupings for lesson work and achievement programs. At 12 a youth is a Scout,

and he may become an Explorer at 14 and an Ensign at 16. The young women are Beehive girls at 12, Mia Maids

at 14, Laurels at 16. Young people themselves take

responsibilities as class officers and committee members.

Young people who have graduated from high school or reached 18 years of age may become members of M Man and Gleaner groups, organizations for single adults. Special achievement programs are also available for these

MIA members, as they demonstrate their executive, spiri-

O MIA age groups: Beehive, Scout, Explorer, tual, creative, and cultural abilities to gain the highly

Mia Maid, Laurel, Ensign, Gleaner, M Man prized Master M Man and Golden Gleaner awards.

O Korea planning group includeAdult youngorganizations,and olderundermarriedthe headingcouples Mutualand otherInterests,adult

O MIA in England groups who meet to study subjects of special interest to their members.

It's in well Yes, as scope. as numbers MIA is big—in

lives big of the also is having impact it hundreds in the on of thousands of young Latterday Saints.

"TTie rigid volunteer rules of right and wrong in sports are second only to religious—Herbertfaith in Hoovermoral training."

By chase our longliv'd fathers earned their food'.

Toil strung their nerves and purified their blood;

But we, their sons, a pampered race of men, Are dwindled down to threescore years and ten.

Better to hunt in fields for health unbought Than fee a doctor for nauseous draught;

The wise for cure on exercise depend; God never made his work for man to mend.

—John Dryden, 1680

(Quoted by Dr. Paul DudleyWhite)

O Thousands of softball teams involving tens of thousands of players compete in local and area competition across the

Church.

O Church competition includes table tennis tournaments in Europe and Asia and elsewhere across the globe where the sport is big.

O Track competition is popular at many youth conferences. Girls from Sweden

are in the race!

Rugby isn't usual in Church athletic competition, but it ranks high in England, at Church schools, and in some other areas.

Forty percent of the young men entering the service in World War II couldn't swim 50 feet.

All the organized leagues for sports competition offer participation for less than 10 percent of the youth of the United

States.

"Sport, which still keeps a flag of iilealism flying, is perhaps the most saving grace in the world at the moment, with its spirit of rules kept, and regard for the adversary, whether the fight is going for or against. When, if ever, the

fairplay spirit of sport reigns over international affairs, the cat force which rules there now will slink away and human life emerge for the first time from jungle. 1"—John Galsworthy

O Mexican youth play the roundball game.

O Basketball is big in the USA, but Mormon youth in other lands play too! Nearly

ten thousand teams play the game in

Church leagues, with 64 teams meeting in finals competition each March in

Salt Lake City.

O Track in Tonga represents similar action among Mormon youth in many places.

O Polynesian teams often dominate volleyball competition, but many other lands encourage the game. South Africans are

pictured here.

O Young Mormons and their friends learned special dances for thousands of dance programs held throughout the

Church last year. Social dancing, folk

dancing, exhibition ballroom dancing, and novelty numbers are part of the program local dance leaders pass on from general board dance committee headquarters.

O Youth in the Church are avid music fans and receive much training through the

MIA program. They plan and take

part in musical events on both grand and small scales—from the blending of

hundreds of voices in the Tabernacle to a fourvoice unit in a branch. They

form instrumental and vocal ensembles for programs and conferences. More

than 77,000 musical events were presented in wards and stakes of the

Church last year.

O Folk dancing is a favorite activity

O Activities play a significant role in MIA.

In drama, young people become involved in roadshows, plays, pageants and parentyouth programs especially prepared new each year by the general board dramp committee. Nearly 20,000 dramatic productions were presented in wards and

stakes of the Church last year.

O The speech department gives individual and group instruction for talks in meetings, dramatic readings, choral readings, and festivals. Experts in this field are

called to serve on MIA general boards to prepare helps for the local level through manuals, program outlines, and personal visits, as well as at June Conference departmental sessions.

O Exploring developed from the Vanguard movement of the LDS Church, and started in 1928. It was adopted by

the national Boy Scout organization five years later, and today is known throughout the USA as the Explorer Scout program.

O Wherever Scouts are, there is action!

The action involves games and development of useful skills. In May 1913,

the Church was granted the first charter issued by the Boy Scouts of America to any church, and the partnership has flourished over the years.

O Good Scouts "trail the Eagle,"and these eight choice LDS boys from one ward cornered the elusive bird the same night at the same court of honor in Denver. Many hundreds of others

achieve the goal every year, including more than 750 in one local council in one year!

O Tongan Scouts represent the worldwide nature of Latterday Saint interest in scouting.

Statistics tell a story of their own. Last year YWMIA'S

Churchwide enrollment included 56,405 Beehive girls;

56,681 Mia Maids; 51,720

Laurels; and 51,654 Gleaners.

O Girls sing!

O Camp.'O Quilt! "Men of integrity, by their very existence, rekindle the belief that as a people we can live above the level of moral squalor. We need that belief;

a cynical community is a corrupt community"—

"We must learn to honor excellence (indeed, to demand it) in every socially accepted human activity, however humble the activity, and to scorn shoddiness, however exalted the activity."—John Gardner

O Baptism in South Africa O Home teaching O Sacrament service in Hawaii A bishop's interview "We and God have business with each other; and in opening

ourselves to his influence our—Williamdeepest destinyJames is fulfilled."

"As if that were not enough, their assignment extends to world mastery. They are called

neither to withdraw from nor to duplicate the manner of the world, but to transform it.

In a time when it appears nothing is sacred, they are com- r missioned to erase, by the quality of their lives, the dis- /i tinction between the temporal and the spiritual, until everything is sacred. This is the

bold burden of outdoing the world at its own game while moving under Christ's ap pointed rules and roles, It means prodigious tasks of preparation."—Truman G.

Madsen

, i

"The Aaronic Priesthood,"says Presiding Bishop John

H. Vandenberg, "is much more than a youth program. The

priesthood is the power and authority to act for God."

And at 12, worthy young men in the Church are doing just that. When the Savior was 12 years of age, he was

found "in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions."To his

mother he said, "How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not

that I must be about my Father's business?"(See Luke

2:4149.) In the Church young men take a giant step in the business of the Lord when they are ordained to the

Aaronic Priesthood as deacons. This begins seven youthful years of increasingly significant service in the name

of the Savior.

A deacon is a member of a quorum of 12 boys. They

pass the sacrament, collect fast offerings at homes of members for the bishop, and do other services in brotherhood for the needy. At 14 a worthy boy is interviewed by

the bishop, sustained by the ward members, and ordained to the office of teacher. There are 24 boys in this quorum,

and their chief duty is to visit the homes of the church members, serving as junior companions with members of the Melchizedek Priesthood. Some of the homes to which

they go may have fellow quorum members and schoolmates whom they teach and with whom they counsel in the truths of the gospel. A teacher does not entirely

leave behind the responsibilities he carried as a deacon.

He continues to serve in them whenever necessary.

At 16, after an interview, a qualified teacher is ordained a priest. The priests'quorum numbers 48, and

the duties, according to scripture, are "to preach, teach, expound, exhort, and baptize, and administer the sacravisit exhort of each and the house member, ment, And adviser adult withO Deacons all in to attend family secret vocally to pray and and them for special elders join withO Priests priests, ordain teachers, other also duties. he And may

missionary work is of lead to take meetings the deacons. he And and

when there is no elder present."

is is is ns nis no:....

ERECTEQN0l9f2

y*. p "You will see the day when Zion is as far ahead of the world in all matters pertaining to human learning as they are gious."—Presidentnow ahead in mattersJohn Tayreli-

lor

They learn as they worship through preparing and delivering twoand-a-halfminute talks for the whole congregation, as they recite in unison a scriptural gem before the sacrament is passed. And

along the way, they themselves have a turn at teaching the little ones about the Savior, his mission, and our commitment to him.

uo

%:-..:: /S

"Some of the brightest spirits who dwell in the bosom of the Father are making their appearance among this people."(Brigham Young.) "A choice company of spirits

out of all the creations of God have been reserved in the spirit world to come here and now into this very world."

(Wilford Woodruff.) The Sunday School superintendent

who looks into the bright, smiling faces of the youth before him Sunday morning sees in them this choiceness. The

best is none too good for them. With his corps of lay

teachers, he bends to the task of helping youth rise to the promise that is in them. Carefully prepared lessons O English youth

make Bible stories come alive, scriptural truths under- O Junior Sunday School standable and relevant. The stories of the restoration of O Supporting the speaker

the gospel and the trek across the plains suddenly fall into place in their hearts. There are new heroes to emulate, new lessons to learn, when youth study together

the lives and contributions of religious leaders down 62 through the channels of time.

eh* %

"Education does not mean teaching people what they do not know. It means teaching

thembehave."—Johnto behave asRuskinthey do not

twm

H\'If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there."—The Koran w

Is the Church concerned about the secular education of its youth? "And I give unto you a commandment that you shall teach... Of things both in

heaven and in the earth, and under the earth; things which

have been, things which are, things which must shortly M come to pass; things which

are at home, things which are abroad; the wars and perplexities of the nations, and

the judgments which are on the land; and a knowledge also of countries and of king- n doms."(D&C 88:7779.)

"Character is the aim of * -ten$- 'true education; and science,

literature are but history, and * i v * jgm, to accomplish used means ", -*#f this desired end."—President

David O. McKay

The Church is anxious to help its young people in their development of noble character, which President McKay has said is the aim of "true education."Consequently,

together with its network of seminaries and institutes of religion, the Church has established schools in a selected few areas. Throughout the world today—in

Idaho, Utah, Hawaii, Mexico, America, South and the islands of the are attendstudents 40,000 Pacific—some

ing schools and colleges operated Church. by the

Who are these students? They come from virtually every

O BYU cheerleaders area of the world in which Latterday Saints are found.

O Polynesian student They include 24,000 enrolled at Brigham Young University all ofO Mexican Hag raised thein Provo,UnitedUtah,States,wherethemayprovincesbe foundof studentsCanada, fromand some 50 other nations; some 4,000 students at Ricks College in

Rexburg, Idaho; 1,200 at Church College of Hawaii;

6,500 at several schools in Mexico; 750 at LDS Business

College in Salt Lake City; and thousands more in Chile,

New Zealand, Tonga, Samoa, Tahiti, and Fiji.

: '%i%

w

'T*,wJPi''

:;;.

BJP'**''-''"

iPf In an age when every established and longcherished value ft is under siege or attack, more than 165,000 Mormon high school and college students are voluntarily involved in pro- f m grams of daily religious instruction.

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."

(D&C 130:19.)

C\ *- I- a:;: WftsssiiMr 0? mm

in New Zealand a teenage girl rushes home from school to study the New Testament. In western Canada

an Indian boy spurs his horse on so he won't be late for his Book of Mormon class. In Ogden, Utah, two students

rush across the street from their high school to study the Old Testament during their free class period. In San (/}

Jose, California, college students forgo their lunch hour to join a discussion class in church doctrine.

East, west, north, south—almost any place groups of

Latterday forums, Saints young can be found—classes,

in offering involvement are regularly groups discussion subjects to balance secular learning. Morals, ethics, Christian history, world religions, courtship and marriage,

current and specialized problems, New and Old Testament,

Book of Mormon, Church history, and other classes comprise the curriculum.

Since its founding the Church has sought to educate its members in the knowledge of God and his dealings with his children. The Prophet Joseph Smith taught that

"the glory of God is intelligence, or in other words, light and truth."(D&C 93:36.) In the earlier years of the

Church, its schools provided both secular and religious education.

Seminary and institute courses are taught in buildings erected by the Church alongside high schools and universities, or in some areas in local ward buildings, rented facilities, or private homes. Professional teachers, 'lawyers, doctors, engineers, students, housewives, and others

teach the classes.

The seminary system began in 1912, and there are now four basic types of programs available: released time

where approved by local school boards; earlymorning

O Help with scriptures classes before high school in the United States and seven

O Learning the gospel otheran Indiancountries;seminaryhomeprogramstudy seminariesinvolving atin leastsome 15,000areas;

students in 23 states and Canada.

MIA, priesthood quorums, Sigma Gamma Chi, Lambda Delta Sigma, returned missionaries, former servicemen, and civic service committees z:o areresentingtypical ofintereststhe agenciesand repin-

i-< volvements of LDS students.

COoo CO<

LUQ

COZ)H

CO

co< <Q f 3*M!< 'wsdflOBf* &ynl,ifc*JL*i tr

LU

coQ

This generation of college students faces severe pressures. The Latterday Saint student has many of the

usual problems plus the special challenge of continuing to mature spiritually while he grows academically and socially, and of maintaining a close relationship with the Church while giving appropriate attention to his school program. The Latterday Saints Student Association is a correlating agency of church weekday activities

on campus to help him achieve his objectives.

A local stake president is appointed priesthood leader for the students and has responsibility to guide the weekday program on the assigned campus or campuses.

An institute director or teacher assists him as Education

Adviser, and certain other select adult leaders may be called to serve on an executive committee. Students representing campus Church organizations and groups (such

as MIA, returned missionaries, and Lambda Delta Sigma) serve under his direction on a Student Council, and thus have direct access to an important priesthood officer appointed to help them. Student leaders are called and

set apart.

The purposes of the Student Association are (1) to determine the particular needs of Latterday Saint college students; (2) to bring together in counsel representatives

of various Church agencies on campus to consider how and by which agency these needs can best be met; (3) to

enlist the support of all appropriate Church elements in the selected undertaking.

O LDSSA committee meeting O LDSSA student council

%pt

The meetings of the youth council provide:

1. A chance for young

people to meet and speak regularly with the top leadership of the ward, with assurance that they will be heard.

2. A means for the bishop

to communicate with youth in discovering their needs and thinking. 3. A way for priesthood

and auxiliary leaders to gel close to the young people they serve. 4. A method of insuring

maximum youth involvement as projects and activities are planned and implemented by the youth, thus enabling them to realize more fully their own goals and objectives.

5. A correlation of all

youthserving activities and programs.

One of the most publicized traits of at least a certain segment of the younger generation these days is rebellion, and one of their most frequent complaints is that they are not listened to. For its young people ages 12 and

up, the Church has an answer to that: they are encouraged

to speak, and their leaders listen.

There are a number of ways the job gets done, such as frequent interviews and regular association. The bishop's

youth council is one example, and the results it can bring are significant.

How does it work?

Every congregation in the Church has a bishop or president who is the nonprofessional spiritual and administrative leader of the flock. He has numerous volunteer

leaders and wellorganized programs to help him in one of his chief responsibilities and biggest assignments, which is to take care of the young people of the ward or branch.

In order to succeed in this challenging task, he must learn the needs of the youth and how to help them achieve their objectives.

How does the bishop learn the needs of his young people? He has a youth council with representatives of

every age group from 12 to 19. They meet at least

monthly, and usually oftener, to talk and plan together.

A few selected adult leaders of youth are invited, as needed, but youth initiative and leadership are encouraged and stressed. Occasionally the youth members of the

the council meet together without adult representatives, developing new ideas for the bishop's consideration and working out details of assignments received. Task forces

O A youth representative reports of Toothertheyoungextentpeoplethat freeare andformedresponsiblefor specialcommunicationpurposes.

O Bishop's youth council between young people and adult leaders is the answer to youth's challenges, the bishop's youth council gives strong assistance in bringing about sound solutions.

$pm

'Vk'W& JIKr is

.!'

v:

1 -"*:

4b *|

...

,..

Two by two they climb the cliffs of Austria, thread the jungles through of South Ni rap America, on the door of a hogan in New Mexico, or push Kong—youngthrough the crowdselders ofofHongthe

Church with their scriptures in hand and the light of the Lord in their eyes. They are

there in answer to a call from the Prophet.

Many other young people are serving throughout the or- & stakes ganized of the Church as stake missionaries. They

have fulltime jobs or attend school, but devote two, three, or more evenings a week to missionary work among their neighbors.

"Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn the people, and it becometh every man who hath been warned to warn his neighbors."—D&C

88:81

ye therefore, "Go and kM.: W'Basra. all nations, teach baptizing

them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. mm we* **"

"Teaching them to observe r all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I

am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.'"'

(Matt. 28:1920.)

Traditionally missionaries are young—19 or 20—and

come from many countries to serve in many other countries for two years at their own expense. They come from

field and factory, schools, professional athletics, and the fields of the military. For many their military obligation

will filled of the yet be on completion years mission—two

in especially service the of God and more months many in the service of their country! And for some there are

O Mormon missionaries years of schooling to complete. But now they answer

the compulsion within to share with others that which is them—their testimony of the gospel ofO Shoes off in Japan Jesusmost preciousChrist. to

O Indian hogan Missionary service begins with five days of training in

O Elders from South America serve in Italy Salt Lake City, if a missionary is called to serve among a people with a language not his own, he studies in special language classes at one of the Church colleges. Once

in the field where he is assigned to labor, a missionary abides by strict personal standards-—clean living, no

dating, early rising, conservative dress and behavior, 69 suitable to his calling as a servant of the Lord.

SKI M

"Unless the vessel is clean, "Ipt whatever you pour into it turns sour."—Horace

jK&fc.

m

**SSBII

Jp

It may seem strange that a church would have a military relations committee, but it is a strange world. Jesus

taught that while his disciples were of necessity in the world, they must not be of it. An LDS serviceman is in

a position to understand this teaching. He needs help in

safeguarding his moral and spiritual wellbeing, and the

Church undertakes to assist him. There are interviews

with local Church leaders before induction, orientation sessions during training, letters and periodicals and literature at least monthly from the home ward and quorum, fellowshiping by living Church members near military Soldier and O Korean child bases or operations, authorization of group leaders among in Sacrament South America military, visits the from general officers, Church and O assistance upon release. O Interview with bishop

Outstanding chaplains help, but the scores of groups currently meeting totally under their own leadership in the war area and across the world attest to the ability of devoted Latterday Saint men to live to high personal 70 standards as they serve their country and their God.

"From the DMZ to the Delta you can find Mormons all over this land. And Vm pleased to

tell you that I never trooped with one who ivasn't a good man."The quote was from a military commander in Vietnam, but it could have been wherever Latterday Saint men serve in the military. The

compliment is in large measure deserved, and the credit for it goes to the high calibre of young man involved—and,

to his family upbringing and the religious princples and programs to whch he is devoted.

O A letter from his bishop O Studying the gospel O Reading the Era O Servicemen worshiping

i 5* 5

m

"few

."#''"1:

To a generation making a large claim on life, being in the world but striving to be not of it, a special publication was needed. Ten years ago the leaders of the Church

introduced the Era of Youth.

Though it has a light, "with it"approach, still it consistently deals with the important factors in life. It

reflects what is happening in the world of art and words and trends and interests of youth. It's wholesome.

It's motivating. It's practical. It's all theirs. It gives help

in applying gospel principles to the demands of daily situations. It's geared especially for youth and for youth O Reading the Era of Youth

leaders, with the writing by youth themselves or by those O Preparing a talk in skilled of students. the world

The Era of Youth is published monthly as a special sec- O Era photos being taken tion in The Improvement Era, Parts of it are translated into 16 languages to help youth and their friends the world over. It is on the reading course list of MIA and

used regularly as supplementary material for seminary discussions and youth talks.

Discussion themes revolve around issues of importance to the family: God, his nature

and relation to us; our pur- <ip lit'

personal earth; pose on

maturity; forma-?V Will and growth

tion of worthwhile habits; WW

family patterns and attitudes.

The unusual success and acceptability of the home evening among Latterday Saints is well typified by the comments of one child: "Family

night is the best time of all because that's when we're a P****?

family."

"The problem when adult control disappears is that the young'sintensifies."—Davidcontrol of eachRiesmanother

"As adult authority disintegrates, the young are more andother."—Davidmore the captivesRiesmanof each

President David O. McKay's

widely quoted statement sets Mormon youth like it at home. There is no generation

the tone for family affairs in gapThe familyin a homegatherswherein afamilycircle hometo discusseveningtheiris thebeliefs,practice.their

the Church: "No other sucgoals, their problems, and even vacation plans for the

cess can compensate for failcoming year. Questions are considered, such as: "How

ure in the home."can we make our family and personal prayers more meaningful?""Why is orderliness the best policy for our

family?""Who has the say on which television programs

we watch, what records we listen to?"

The genuine exchange of ideas between parent and children, or between young students living together, is wholesome and effective. There is prayer together and a

song shared. A treat is served, some scripture read. Perhaps a field trip is taken or some neighbors are invited in.

But always some discussion or a formal lesson prepared by one member, or a new goal set, moves the family along spiritually.

Family nights can be immensely diverse, however. The

evening might be built around a familycentered excursion activity, a discussion on family longterm or shortterm plans, family duties, concern for family members, spiritual messages from parents to youth, an honest exchange of viewpoints in a casual setting, expression of testimony about matters of most value in life. Such nights

often feature family games or even field trips to museums, zoos, or a library.

Generally, each stake and mission throughout the

Church sets aside one night each week, and no other church meeting or activity is scheduled that night in order to help facilitate the program.

Of more interest, however, is the administrative and procedural setup: presiding over all family nights is the

father, or head of the family. Under his direction, family

nights are called and planned. Generally he will give all

O Swedish family praying and teaching family members a chance at teaching a lesson, planning at home an activity, preparing an agenda. In such a setting it is

not unusual to see a young child or teen direct a family meeting, leading a discussion that involves his parents and older brothers and sisters as full participants.

t

This Indian Student Placeprovides an opment Program In- J portunity 4,500 for nearly dian students, representing over sixty tribes throughout the United States and Canada, to live in homes in Idaho, Utah, Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, California, Washington, and western Canada. I JM

The stated objective of the Indian Student Placement Program is:

"To make possible educational, spiritual, social, and cultural opportunities for Latterday Saint Indian children, and to provide opportunity for them to participate in nonIndian community life so that they can use their ex- %>->% periences now and later for their own benefit and that of,;!<::*

their people."

TH/f I

V

fr

Help a young Indian to grow in the highest ways of man, and his whole family benefits. Multiply him by

several thousand, and the Lamanite race is lifted. Since

1948 the Church has been involved in a program of education for Indian children.

Foster parents make application to participate in the program, and if accepted, they receive no compensation nor remuneration for their expenses or service. The In-

O Sharing the load dianeach studentsfall, wherearetheybroughtspend toonevariousday in placementorientation,centersphysical preparation, medical examination, and getting ac-

O A new experience quainted. Then they meet their foster families and return

O Newcomer and "veteran"with them to their new homes.

O On their way! Thus the Indian student comes from the reservation

into the home of a Mormon family, not as a guest nor as a servant but as a son or daughter without adoption. He

takes up a life between two worlds. In the spring he

returns to his home, taking with him the culture, education, and social and spiritual growth he has gained to 75 share with his family.

During 1969, 44 excited youth, who earned their own way, made the long trip from Finland to Switzerland to do baptismal work for 2,150 of their ancestors. It was a record at the Swiss Temple in

Bern.

O Workshop in Hawaii O Generation togetherness (Lt. Col. Bernard Fisher and Scouts)

O LDS music in braille $-p. % hm

Church members in the Oakland, California, area harvested 630 thousand pounds of 4 tomatoes in one day. Onethird \%

of the harvesting force were M*fc1 high school students who took a day off to do the work, with school leaders'approval.

P"a# % In Carbon County, Utah, young Church members assisted in the harvest of 64,000 pounds of melons, more than 13,000 pounds of it going into the Welfare Program.

.V w 2

III #

Weekly services permit youth to prepare, bless, pass, and partake of the sacrament and to covenant again with

Heavenly Father to takeChrist's name upon them and so to live that his Spirit may always be with them. Such a renewal of their covenants is a strong help in avoiding the

temptations of the world. Youth are taught from childhood to pay 10 percent tithe on all the money they earn

a practice especially emphasized during teen years.

Mormon youth conferences are held annually in most parts of the world. Here boys and girls come together in

a campus or retreat setting and participate in workshops and lectures dealing with the application of gospel principles to life. They make new friends and new commitments to live the standards of the Church more fully.

There are testimony meetings, sports activities, banquets, dances, talent shows, and much picture taking.

Firesides are favorite Sunday night fare for youth in the Church. A fireside is anappropriate Sabbath activity.

to end a day time when It is a nice way of worship—a

livdirect inspirational thinking toward youth's speakers ing the better life. Young people plan and conduct the

meetings.

In The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, youth and adults work together to close the generation gap of which the world complains. Special activities and

formal programs of the Church provide ample opportunities for people of all ages to mix and mingle, to pray and work and eat and play with one another. They make

soap, shear sheep, or sew sleepwear for the Church Welfare Program. They build scenery for plays and food bins

for welfare storage. They blend voices in choirs and

pageants at Cumorah, Oakland, Salt Lake, and throughout the Church. There are outings for fathers and sons,

fashion shows stressing modesty for mothers and daugh-

O Conference for the handicapped ters, and community service projects that bring young and

O Welfare work oldChurchtogethermembersin fun, learning,looking backprayer,on andtheirservice.youth realize

the special blessing of growing up in the company of people of all ages, in different stages of development, people whose goals are the same, whose ideals are high, and whose concern with each other is very real.

In Preston, Idaho, 500 boys and girls came from as far away as 40 miles at 7:00 a.m.

to work on 55 acres of sugar beets for welfare. Then they

assembled at a local chapel, where they were treated to a banquet and program.

<3J

O Tahitian girls study language

O Swedish banquet O Choir from Japan O Special dance in United States

Forty widows in a Logan, Utah, ward were "adopted"by the youth, who took a special interest in their needs—giving

birthday presents, running errands, planning and presenting home evening lessons and activities. Who were the

greater benefactors is inconclusive.

Nine hundred jobs were obtained for young people when an allout campaign among adults in the Holladay, Utah, area was conducted to help keep Latterday Saint youth "anxiously engaged"during the summer.

O Building in South America O Young genealogists O Youth choir O Testimony meeting

O Page 80: Corn bust in Japan

In the midst of all that is going on in the world, they stand a group apart.

Summary: ffiJ*

i Gen- A eration 1 By Elaine Cannon Era of Youth Assoc, Editorto HangYour Hopes On

When Pericles stood on the hill to serve as the world's finest citiare also good for something.

surveying the beautiful city of zens. The full sweep of this reAthens, he was heard to say, "I port reveals them as one of the What Do They Do for Fun?

view Athens not for what she is choice generations in the history but for what she has the power to of the Church. One hears a lot of complaints

become."Yet, having told it as it is, we about the antics of youth in the

In this issue we have taken such know there are those who will not world today, about pot parties, and a view of Mormon youth today. believe this account. These young loveins, and rockfests, and vanThey are a choice generation. With people seem too good to be true dalism. Mormons are different.

all of the advantages typical to in today's arena of strange young Heavily programmed lives and youth of these times and with the creatures. But the evidence is unstrict personal standards tend to

blessings of a remarkable church deniable. They are good in the make Mormon youth more selectraining, they have the potential traditional sense of the word. They tive when they're planning their

November 1969 81 own good times. All over the

lively, and inworldelements—clean,LDS fun includes the same

volving a crowd.

In Finland timeout means an 1 impromptu tug o'war. In Germany

2 it's a long walk in the forest or touchball in the lane.

One activity especially distinc- 3 tive to Brazilian Saints is called the "Jogral."It consists of a

group reading in which there is not only participation in unison, but also a rapid and animated interplay among the group members.

Its composition is usually written ahead of time by one or more of the group.

England's historical sights are a constant delight to young Mormons. They'll go on an outing

to a museum, a castle, to the Sherwood Forest of Robin Hood fame, to the land of Shakespeare, to watch the unchanging changing of the Guard. or by oxdrawn wagon. A favorite body knows, they say, that too

5 In New England and Canada,. activity is to visit the restored piomany people are being trained for

they tap maple trees for sap and neer houses, villages, the monuactivities that can better be done 6 go home to make syrup and candy. ments to heroes of the past. by machines, while too few are

Desert land in Texas offers an 12 St. Louis youth are proud of being readied for activities that

unusual kind of good time. The their city's brand new, sky high, machines simply cannot do. They'll

7 boys and their fathers often build stainless steel arch. It's an educaadmit, when carefully reminded,

their own dune buggies and treat tion just to visit the area. that adults have done a mastertheir friends to rides on the sand. Athletically minded boys in Ariful job in getting to the moon.

Another sand dune activity is sand 13 zona stage their own kind of "But what about all those suffer- 8 skiing, at which New Mexico youth Olympics, stressing physical fiting people who are still suffering?"

become very skilled. ness but competing mightily to they ask in the next breath.

In mountain country—Scandiwin, too. They do such startling

navia or the Rockies or the Alps things as racing with eight boys What Are They Doing for Others?

—it's mountain climbing on foot carrying a telephone pole section

or on motor bike when the ground 14 or crossing a river hand over hand MIA in official circles stands for is dry. When the snow falls they on a rope. Mutual Improvement Association,

9 take to skimobiles as well as Wherever we talk to them, but it might also stand for skiis, skates, and the newfound watch them, laugh with them, food "mightily involved adolescents."

favorite of "tubes"(which inter15 is of prime importance. MayThey give of themselves for others

preted means sitting on an inbe because they don't drink or in a way mother and dad couldn't flated car inner tube and sliding smoke, they eat more, but eat have imagined doing at this same precariously down the slopes!). they do, and drink milk by the 17 age. In Fairfield Ward, Napa

Utah youth have a special heri6 gallons, and consume mountains Stake, in California, an outof- 10 itage. In many cases their ancesof ice cream. class activity was a result of several

tors crossed the plains over 100 They are vitally concerned about girls in the area "knowing what

it's like"—they have fathers in years ago—1,000 miles on foot people's caring for people. Every82 Improvement Era

Discover the Vietnam. They decided to treat (Melody Lewis) was named Miss

other children in the same situaIdyllwild. In Washington, D.C., Paint Colors

tion just as they'd like to be some Mormon girls bring joy as gifts principles homeless to the gospel treated. as go well The America Likes in into action in the of a puppet placement await form children who

Best theshowTravisfor Airthe Forcechildren'sBase Hospital.ward of foster homes. In Samoa young

Travis is a base that serves the

Far East.

Teri Biddison and friends around the Albuquerque East Stake in New Mexico spent part of the summer as participants in the Amigos de las Americas volunteer program to give medical aid in the $t.kuis Blue villagesand El Salvador.of Honduras,TrainingGuatemala,beforehand was needed in Spanish in

terms of health and hygiene; students also had to pay their own

transportation costs to Honduras and back.

Fifty children in a home for retarded children in California receive the tender, loving, and 20thoughtout care of Mormon youth in the El Monte Stake. Working

under the direction of a psychiatrist, they give several hours each week. reputaBENNETT'S tionMormonof beingyouthdiligent,have dependablethe

Ccd&uz&i volunteermany hoursworkers.in hospitals,They've sellingspent

posies, tutoring tots, coaching

Pxdtits teams. Some Mormon students

at Stanford University in Palo

Alto, California, decided to hold

Primary for nonMormon, needful children in the area—a tremendous blessing in their lives. In

21Mesa, Arizona, LDS teens have won awards for the most hours in poppy sales. In Idyllwild in the

California mountains, where there

A special group of 36 paint colors that are only about 20 members, the speak the names and suggest the character of cherished American places, things young people contributed so many and events. Bring the American Style to service hours that one of them

your home decorating! See these "Colorizer Americans"now!

AT BENNETT'S DEALERS AND STORES

Bob Richards

ChampionWould You Be Interested In Joining Forces Olympic

With This Group To Bring Greater

Achievement and Happiness To Families In

Your Area... And A Handsome FiveFigure

Income To You? Associate With Success...

DECIDE TODAY TO FIND OUT HOW Art Linkletter YOU TOO WITHCAN EARN 15,000 '50.000 PER YEAR

Marilyn VanDerbur Former Miss America cFamilycAcliievenient institute

What are your personal goals? Would you

like...... to have the thrill of owning your

own business?

... to render a much needed service Dr. Norman

Vincent Peale in families to your area?

Pat Boone profit potential annual to have an...

from $15,000 to $50,000? It is for the entire family... a program rector from the Home Office who can

If these are your goals, but your present for which almost every family in your area help you work out any sales or manageposition doesn't give you the opportunity will be a prospective customer. ment questions you may have.

to fulfill them... then you should conAnd the Family Achievement Institute ProAdd it all up! A tremendous product with

tact Family Achievement Institute today. gram is backed up by one of the greatest unlimited prospects... the opportunity to

Here is why! marketing teams ever assembled. FAI has perform a vital and needed service for the

Family Achievement Institute has introbecome a Division of International Marfamilies in your area... a prestige career

duced a program which is a powerful, keting Corporation. This means that you... the opportunity to build personal

positive, and practical method to help will have help to accentuate your success equity in a business that will grow in families promote greater family success from some of the most respected people value as you become more successful...

... enjoy more family unity... create in direct sales and franchising. The aid the chance to own a business with an outmore and better family communication. you'll receive includes: standing sales organization... and the

potential to earn... sales training. Complete sales orbuild your ownNow you can

abilities and... according—$15,000,to your$20,000,own in recruiting Aid an effective, acdesires this distribute outstanding ganization and

program in your area... with help from tive sales organization so that you $30,000, $50,000 and up.

a company that is writing one of the most can profit from all they do.

exciting records of success in the history... Professionally developed marketing What it adds up to is one of the most

of franchising in the United States. plans. unique business opportunities ever offered.

all right to to But sales you want that promotion do now is program... we A will prodistinguished distribute aYou

.. let additional results. information us send you produces

... narrated, endorsed, supportedgram

. mind. your so can library up You. make you complete own most.. The of manrespected advertised the by mostand

group of national personalities ever asagement aids available in franchisare under no obligation. Decide today to

selling greatest full facts get the about the ing today. a dewhich wassembled program...

service a lifetime. of opportunity Advertising and Public and a... National a of four years period overveloped by

competent, educated group of reasearch Relations programs. Send us the coupon today... or if you

technicians, social scientists, and educaIn addition, you will always have access cannot wait to have your questions antors. by telephone to an experienced Sales Diswered, call us collect.

Write or Call Collect TODAY!

Family Achievement Institute IE 11-9

P. O. Box 790A

Norman, Oklahoma 73069 Family (Achievement Institute ablePleasewithsendFamilyfree informationAchievementaboutInstitute.businessI understandopportunitiesthereavailis

no obligation on my part.

P. O. Box 790 A

Name Norman, Oklahoma 73069 Phone: (405) 3642410 Address.

City and State Zip A DIVISION OF h Phone: Business. Home

INTERNATIONAL |/M\C MARKETING CORPORATION H

Baldwin Announces TheC620 (The only complete 3-manual electronic organ with"straight"organ features for less than $10,000)

This is an amazing instrument. There's never been anything like it for less than $10,000. Never. For reasons of economy you might expect a few shortcuts in design. Not so with the C-620. This is a real 3-manual organ with all the

necessary tonal elements for a complete instrument.

Jjl There are 3 individual expression pedals which may all be joined through gMh use of the convenient all swells to swell control. For greater flexgffl ibility and variety there are 12 presets: 3 combinations on each

mgM l manual, and 3 generals.

K| The C-620 is built along "straight"organ principles. No two

is voiced and scaled indiMMMSEpI stops have the same color. Each stop

ggggMgSBHP I; vidually for a specific need in the overall tonal design.

in this fine instru2aMB p These are just a few of the quality features ment. To get the full story on Baldwin's new C-620, just clip

the attached coupon and mail. We'll get a detailed booklet

te, out to you, right away.

Please send FREE of charge: ORG AN FACTS, VOLUME 3, MODEL C-620

NAME.

ADDRESS.

BALDWINBaldwin Piano & Organ Company, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202 i I 86 Improvement Era people get together and weave food for transporting large baskets basYou're heavy other items. The and

fronds kets coconut from are made smiles ahead with speed and can and be woven strength by these young people. with a

they've This is the been way

is beGAS dryer. This they taught. the way

lieve. Religion is every day, every

way with the devoted among them.

Their faces reflect it. They are lively

and alert and eager to share what they have with others. In the midst

of all that is going on in the world x'""'""W'jJCZ.

they stand a group apart—in the

world but not of it, they say. A GAS dryer dries 5 loads for the cost of one

The cry, the complaint from the in the other kind of dryer.

dissident crowd is not that they Lower maintenance cost (a gas flame never wears out) fear that society can't accept them, A GAS dryer keeps up with your washer.

but that they can't accept society. See your GAS appliance dealer this week. Mormon youth have a cry of

their own and one that they sound even more vigorously because of their church orientation, their unMOUNTAINSUPPLY COMPANYFUEL usually high ideals and strict personal standards. There is so For TOTAL comfort and convenience—it's natural GAS!

much of what the world stands for that they too are opposed to. Yet,

unlike some of their peers in the WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES world, they don't withdraw from 7 Rmercotype 7 Rmercograph

I FIRST $19.75?"*VED 100 TOO W FIRST U $7—such a society nor seek to destroy $5Printed finest Genuine steel die engraved—plain on or paneled (thermography) Raised letters

plate sent with your Engraving vellum distinctive and a wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and it. Mormon youth make plans to

delivery. order. 15day clean type faces. this price. at new sincere value

better it by serving others, improving the quality of life, and putting NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S.

gospel principles into action. Temples for your wedding stationery

They are the product of princiOver 60 styles from which to choose including all the elegant vellums ples that give them a strong sense and finest parchments in silver of their own identity, of programs gray and beautiful pastels. Also 'ffpff that are relevant and effective in informals, enclosures, thank you

motivating and directing them. notes, at home cards, napkins,

photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

They are part of a worldwide army books, and many accessories.

of the same age group in the WILL SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLY GUARANTEEDCHEERFULLYWITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDED.YOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY4 Church who are similarly blessed. ORDERAND

Right now they move in the world ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES.

quietly doing their thing. They

often operate solo. FREE Gifts with every order

One is reminded of Athens and CATALOG! - FREE potential. young day these The t FREE and together in strong depeople band

Etiquette Wheel fense of the sanctity of life and y gstat*.

virtue, of personal dignity and God or (50 if airmail requested) credited on—then watch out, World! They'll your order.

be a generation to hang your hopes on! O MERCURY Name

PUBLISHING CO. Address.

139 EAST 3900 SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 City State. Zip

November 1969 87 The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

Choosing a Career

Historically, a young man's capeople. Continually presenting variations in abilities could go on

reer was usually the same as his themselves are such questions as: and on. In selecting your life's

father's. This was true to such a "For what might I be best suited?"work, this process of honestly asdegree that even some family sur- "Should I go to college or trade sessing your abilities is an imnames were derived from the school?""Will I be able to supportant step. This is sometimes a

occupation of an ancestor. Names port a family?"difficult thing to do alone; in such

such as Smith were taken because For a young man, the question a case parents, the bishop, and of the man's being a blacksmith; of what his life's work will be is school personnel can often be of

Hunter came obviously from a often before him at a very early great help in assisting with this man who was a hunter, and so on. age. In coming to grips with this evaluation.

The variety of job opportunities problem, these words of the anThe next step is to choose a field available in the past was often very cient philosopher Cicero have in which you are interested and limited. The primary place for some real application. He said in which you will be happy. A good

job training was in the home with very simply, "Use what you deal of your lifetime will be spent parents acting as tutors. Today, have. at your work, and how well you

however, we have a situation in Each of us has particular things enjoy your work will affect your which literally thousands of differthat he does better than others. home, your attitude, and the other

ent types of occupations and Some work well with their hands; facets of your life. Your enjoyment

careers are available. Such a mulothers have exceptional ability in of your job will be based to a great

titude of occupations to choose dealing with people; still others extent on the challenge and opfrom often confuses many young have fine intellects. The list of portunity for personal development

88 Improvement Era More Ride ForYour Money

Hottest Brand Going

More Ride For Your Money...Conoco.

means top quality products, service and value throughout the Rockies!

You get More Ride For Your Money... when you ride with the best... in everything from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the

latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment to your travels through America's scenic wonderland... and get MORE RIDE FOR YOUR MONEY... AT CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND *

GOING!,

November 1969 89 it offers. This is important to working world is a competitive one, preparing for and selecting a

remember as you examine each and those who are better trained career is whether or not you're willjob possibility. will secure better jobs. Further ing to work, and to work hard.

A third step in preparing for training doesn't necessarily mean Regardless of your native ability, and choosing a career is to obtain college. There are many fine trade unless you are willing to work hard

training in your chosen field. schools that can prepare a person you will be frustrated at every turn

Proper preparation today nearly for a productive and meaningful in your career. The Lord has said

always involves training or schoolcareer. this in regard to work: "Now, I,

ing beyond high school. Today's A final area of importance in the Lord, am not well pleased

with the inhabitants of Zion, for there are idlers among them; and

their children are also growing up in wickedness; they also seek not

Richard L. Evans earnestly the riches of eternity, but

The Spoken Word their"Theseeyes arethingsfull oughtof greediness.not to be,

and must be done way from among them."(D&C 68:3132.)

Saving your marriage In most cases a young woman's greatest profession is already deand over this truth keeps recurring: that marriage and a termined—that of motherhood. YetOverhappy home are the basis of a stable society and a full and in today's world it is a wise young

happy life. But one of the disillusionments of life is that somewoman who prepares herself,

thing once so precious, so promising, could turn, at times, to such through special schooling or trainincompatibility—and even enmity. It is as President David O. McKay ing, for another career, not with

has said: "For a couple who have basked in the sunshine of each the intention that she would leave

other's love to stand by and see the clouds of misunderstanding and her children to go to work, but discord obscure the lovelight of their lives is tragedy indeed."1 Part rather that she would be prepared

of the answer runs along some lines from Dr. Hubert Howe: "Why in case of emergency or tragedy to

don't people know how to stay happily married?"he asked. "... What support her family. Beyond this

changes so sharply?... Men and women, anguished, broken, beseech a young woman should diligently

for some way to rescue the hopes with which they set out... hopes prepare to be a good homemaker

so vivid, so sacred.... Somebody to tell it to, somebody to do it for, and a wise, intelligent mother and

somebody that needs you, somebody that shares.... What led up to wife.

these alleged grounds? Countless petty clashes,... failures to underThe greatest need in our counstand... selfishness... extravagance... [failure to be definite and try today is not for teachers, techresponsible in matters of money]... the habit of secrecy... lack of nicians, scientists, or politicians;

common interests [and activities].... Let this drifting apart keep on, our greatest need is for good

and you'll be divorced in spirit if not in court.... [Avoid] the growth mothers.

of drabness.... Don't let your conversation sink to the dreary level President David 0. McKay has

of complaint, anger, selfpity.... Don't neglect the tact, politeness

noblest calling in said, "The the... compliments... with which you started out. Don't let down.... world is that of mother. True

if failed fact to that yourself catch the you've on brooding youAnd is beautiful motherhood the most find a perfect mirror I the the just walk mate, and 'Am demand, up to of of all arts, the all progreatest perfect insistently: contribyourself over, mate?'Ask and over 'Am I

uting my share, as a partner, to home and happiness?'"2 Whatever fessions. She who can paint a

the cause, whatever it requires, when two people of honor and honesty, masterpiece or who can write a book that will influence millions of character and common sense, have committed themselves to marriage, saving a home, a family, is worth all the effort. "Winning a deserves the plaudits and admiralove once is not enough. Keep rewinning it.... In the last analysis, tion of mankind; but she who rears

it's up to you to save your marriage."2 successfully a family of healthy,

beautiful daughters sons and address, April 4, 1969. general O. conference McKay,

S. in 2'DavidHubert Howe, M.D., Sarah Comstock, an article by will souls immortal "Can't I Save My Marriage?"Good Housekeeping, January whose be ex1935.

*-"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square erting an influence throughout the presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System August 24, 1969. Copyright ages, long after paintings shall

1969.

90 Improvement Era have faded, and books and statues shall have been destroyed, deserves the highest honor that man Idaho State University can give."Finally, it is important for both No matter what your age or field of interest, Idaho State University young men and young women to has a study program designed for you. Whether you are a recent high

adult school graduate, seeking career an advancement, or a seniorrealize that success isn't autocitizen... you'll find what the more than 1,000 you want among

matically your right. Success courses offered in the daytime and evening programs at ISU.

comes* to those who are willing to If you want to pursue a bachelor's, master's, or doctor's pay the price, and that price condegree... prepare for a career in a professional, technical, or vocational

sists of adequate preparation and field.., or merely take a few university courses for your own

hard, hard work. Again in Cicero's enjoyment... ISU has a program designed to meet your educational

words, "... whatever you may needs. Classes begin in September, February, and June.

chance to be doing, do it with all Although the university welcomes your might... [with your] mind in individuals of all faiths, nearly half of its

full stretch like a bow...."o 6,000 students are LDS. To aid in the

intellectual and spiritual growth of these young people the LDS Institute of Religion provides a full church program, offers religion courses for university credit, and sponsors a variety of social and cultural activities.

For more information on study programs

Teacher, Take Heart Pocatello,write the Idaho,University83201.RelationsAddress Office,inquiriesISU,reBy Donna Dickey Guyer gardingReligion,LDSRedactivitiesHill Road,to thePocatello,LDS InstituteIdaho,of

83201.

Sometimes, when scripture falls upon deaf ears, \\ II the good news may get lost along GIVE A the way in shout and scuffle, even laughs MUSICAL GIFT tears, and as children fumble in a world of Send for a catalog of clay. Crisply refreshing

Sometimes, when hymns sound MARTIN GUITARS bubbly enough for ragged, out of tune, HOHNER MOUTH ORGANS a celebration!

the lovely message doesn't get across THOREN'S MUSIC BOXES * in scrape of feet, or call of picnic KING BAND INSTRUMENTS Delightfully dune, nonalcoholic!

as children leave, unmindful of DEG BAND INSTRUMENTS their loss.

SLINGERLAND & LUDWIG DRUMS 1 -PACK (4/5 qt.)Sometimes, when prayers are

broken by the crash EKO & HOHNER GUITARS $3.50 ppd.

of falling chairs, the words die Do you have a piano in your home? *

the tongue, on MASON & HAMLIN & CABLE 3-PACK (4/5 qts.) silence, thick ivith shame,and

PIANOS becomes a lash Yes, we ship all over the world. $8.00 ppd.

that hurts the soul while every

TERMS AVAILABLE SAMPLE (6.4 fl. ozs.): $1.00 ppd. head is hung.

Teacher, take heart, your power SINCE 1868 has a stem; MUSIC COMPANY

using your faith, God will get NEW ADDRESS GOLD MEDAL through to them. 65 South West Temple S. MARTINELLI & CO.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 DEPT. U BOX 549

Phone: 3646518 Watsonville, Calif. 95076

November 1969 91 Latterday Saint To Study Medicaid

Eugene A. Gulledge, of Roy E. Christensen of

the Greensboro (North the San Marino

Educator to Advise County Agricultural Carolina) Ward and former (California) Ward has been

Bolivian Schools Agents President president of the appointed to a U.S.

Dale J. Harding, Grant Esplin of the Greensboro Stake, has been Department of Health,

former superintendent of Beaver (Utah) Second appointed Assistant Education, and Welfare task

Church Schools in Santiago, Ward has been elected Secretary of Housing and force on Medicaid and

Chile, has been president of the Urban Development in related programs, to appointed an adviser National Association of President Richard M. Nixon's help "control costs"yet

in education to the County Agricultural Agents. Administration. Brother still "assist people receiving

Bolivian government. Theorganization Gulledge, a prominent public assistance."

Brother Harding will assist includes over 5,500 builder in North Carolina, Brother Christensen is in curriculum development county and area extension is president of the president of Beverly for elementary schools workers in the National Association of Enterprises, a nationwide in the public school system. United States. Homebuilders. operator of general hospitals.

92 Improvement Era PROSPERITY Venezuelan "Kid's Day"Some 5,000 youngsters and teens of Caracas,

Venezuela, were recently introduced to the Primary and

I the Church in a successful "Kid's Day at the Park."The day's activities included games (dart throws, PRIDE

beanbags, cakewalks, donkey pin, nail pounding, "Laurel and Hardy"acts), treats, and a Primary children's choir. All who attended received balloons that PROGRESS

in Spanish read "I'm Happy, I'm a Mormon,"and Yours with JeP (DoPCU stickers that said "Be Happy, Be a Mormon."Franchise opportunities available

to husband/wife teams

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

If we don't have standards Therevirtue,is ahonor,simple,chastity;forthrightthe subjectliving ofthata wecleanwouldand turnhonorableto, namely:life.

It has to do with standards, morality, law, and even what we call commandments. Despite the inclination of anyone to minimize them,

these are important to the living of a good and happy life. No one

has ever proved otherwise, and the unhappiness and degradation of people personally, and the downfall of immoral, corrupt civilizations offer more proof than anyone would reasonably want. There is another PROSPERITY

phase of this subject, and that is this: If we don't have standards, we Annual profits to $50,000 and over.

don't know how to live life. If we don't have standards, we don't know Bonus and gift recognition.

how to judge, or choose, or measure. If we don't have standards, laws,

principles, we don't know what is or isn't acceptable, and so we run PRIDE loose, always in uncertainty concerning ourselves, not knowing what or Build your own successful business.

where we are, or what we ought to be, or what is expected of us in the living of our lives. How can we expect a generation to grow up

happy, stable, solid, firmly directed, firmly fixed, if we don't give them standards to measure by? Once we break over or eliminate any PROGRESS

standard or principle, any boundary, any guideline in life—once we With a unique marketing program,

remove the stars, the compass, the fixed points—we have left ourselves training and incentives.

are going. any without where where way to know we are or And we

out Clip the coupon and let us let or or lack misguidance, of guidance, if by our encourage a genwe tell—, about the you more

eration of young people to run morally loose, we shall have lost for opportunity of your lifetime. JjL

them the foundations of goodness and happiness, of peace and purpose, and that would be a heavy weight for anyone to carry around.

If we want happiness, here and hereafter, we must ourselves live the JERIndustry,MARAICaliforniaCO., 1620391745Ward Way,

laws, the commandments, the principles, the standards of cleanliness, ATTENTION:Exec. Vice President,M. T. LundahlSales Marketing.

of moral conduct, of virtue, honesty, chastity—must teach them and Please send me full details in acquiring

show them these timeless and eternal truths. Where would we be anmy Exclusivearea. JER MARAI distributorship in

without stars, compass, standards, fixed points, guidelines in life? We Name:

come finally to a simple, sacred, solid fourword phrase: "... wicked- (please print)

ness never was happiness."1 Address:.

City: 'Alma 41:10. State:. -Zip Code:

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square,:——presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System August 17, 1969. Copyright 1969. PhonePrevious party plan experience:

None Some I would like to sell under an Existing B YesDistributor. g.

November 1969 93 WMMM [M4i- i ][yMmMiiSmm

:::oxX':::-:::::v:-:

;iSsiHMiWiiiiklUlililiiilU

FIRST SECURITY BankAmericard

AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES

ill

for most everything you need!

mmmmmvi:vi< '</

94 Improvement Era TheChurch MovesOn

August 1969

Twin Falls (Idaho) West Stake was organized by Elder Gordon B. Hinckley

of the Council of the Twelve from portions of Twin Falls Stake, with Joel A.

Tate sustained as president and Roy

E. Babbel and Don Watson as counselors in this the 490th stake of the

Church now functioning.

New stake presidency: President

Claude W. Welch and counselors Clyde

I. Marks and Gordon G. Meredith, This Christmasgive the gift

Coeur d'Alene (Idaho) Stake.

that says it best. Give..

E3 Granger East Stake in Salt Lake

County was organized from portions of Granger North Stake by Elder Richinnings

Lynn Pearson ard L. Evans of the Council of the by Carol

Twelve, with President David D. Lingard and counselors James D. McCleve A perfect gift for a family member, a missionary

and Per Haugen sustained in this the friend or any loved one, "Beginnings"carries 491st stake of the Church. with it the true spirit of genuine affection.

Visalia (California) Stake, 492nd JESSIE EVANS SMITH: "There are so many wonderful thoughts and expressions

stake in the Church, was organized... we keep it handy so that we can pick it up and read and reread it."

from portions of the Fresno East Stake ELDER A. THEODORE TUTTLE: "You have expressed subtle thoughts so beautiby Elder Howard W. Hunter of the fully. You have couched great concepts in simple understandable beauty... We

hope there will be other works come from your mind and pen."

Council of the Twelve, with President

JOAN FISHER, MRS. AMERICA, 1969: "Words are just words to the uninspired,

Alva D. Blackburn and counselors but to those who understand their use, they become a thing of beauty. In her book,

Theodore G. Eneslin, Jr.. and Lloyd M. 'Beginnings,'Carol Lynn has truly created beauty."

Godfrey sustained. KARL SEELIGER, a seventyyear-old nonmember living behind the Iron Curtain

written in East "These with the heart by a very gifted been Germany: poems have New stake presidencies: President

real revelation."are a being... they they are moving, human

James W. Smith and counselors Gerald

C. F. Knackstedt and William E. Grubbs, A favorite: "Beginnings"is a

lay in child My dayold my Arts arms. Trilogy Publication

his against Shreveport (Louisiana) Stake; PresiWith ear my lips of Provo, Utah and is

dent Robert L. Prestwich and counsel- I whispered strongly, "How I wish available through LDS

ors Allen G. Smith and Junious D. I wish that you could hear; book dealers or by

Gordon, Granger North (Salt Lake "I've a hundred wonderful things to say using the convenient (A tiny cough and a nod), order blank below.

County) Stake. Hurry, hurry, hurry and grow Many of the poems have

So I can tell you about God."never before been

lid Elder John Longden, 70, Assistant My dayold baby's mouth was still published, while others have appeared in a his ear. only tickled words my to the Council of the Twelve, died at And of publications.

kind of a light But a passed through his eyes, variety his Salt Lake City home. Funeral serAnd I saw this thought appear: Each offers a special

vices in the Assembly Hall, under the "How I wish I had a voice and words; message in a special way.

I've a things to say. hundred direction of First Presidency, the were

.. "Beginnings"I'd tell I forget Before you of God 3. for scheduled September

I left yesterday."Him very special gift. a

Valley,"the musical "Promised

ORDER BLANKproduction depicting the arrival of the

Please send copies NAME pioneers in Salt Lake Valley, closed its of Beginnings. ($2.50 postage

summer season this evening. For two paid) Offer ends Dec. 30, 1969 STREET

months, nightly except Sunday, it had Mail to: Trilogy Arts CITY

Box 843 Provo, Utah 84601 state zip

November 1969 95 played for tourists and others in Salt Smith, Jr., as president of the SouthLake City. east Asia Mission, formerly a part of

The appointment of Allen D. Young the Southern Far East Mission, was

to the general board of the Deseret announced. Elder Smith is general

Sunday School Union was announced. superintendent of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Association and

New stake presidency: President general manager of The Improvement

J. Ballard Washburn and counselors Era.

Warner L. Gifford and Valton E. Jackson, Kanab (UtahArizona) Stake. Birmingham (England) Stake was

Scores of styles, thermographed or Duragraved,'"all the accessories. Buy direct and save from West's leading created from Leicester Stake by Elder

manufacturer of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush September 1969 Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of shipped orders lam* day recsivedl

K*J The appointments of Darrell J. the Twelve. It is the 494th stake now

Monson of Brigham Young University functioning. Derek Alfred Cuthbert was

and Kenneth T. Slack of the University sustained as president, with Stanley H.

of Utah to the board of the Church Woods and Robert J. Hawle as counlibrary program were announced. selors.

The appointment of Lillie T. MuhleNew stake presidencies: Lafayette R.

stein, Salt Lake City, to the general Anderson and counselors John D.

board of the Young Women's Mutual Lewis and Arlow L. Freestone, San

(Utah) Stake; edition, Latest Veigh Gift"24 "Servcards, "Guest with 200 & L Nielson Association Improvement anJuan was

lists, for ices"cards, indexes, handling arrangements, and counselors Walter M. Bowers and FREE! to Set of acknowledgements. to nounced. convert cards box The appointments of Grant

recipe file! White with gold design. *n or Muhlestein, Salt Lake City, and Kim Harvey W. Thompson, Tulsa (Oklahoma)

Burningham, Bountiful, Utah, to the Stake.

YMMIA general board were announced.

Ground was broken for the new ni New stake presidency: James O. Provo (Utah) Temple by President

Mason and counselors Jack F. Joyner Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency.

and Theodore H. Strickland, Atlanta

(Georgia) Stake. W. Jay Eldredge, a Regional Representative of the Council of the

El President McKay quietly celebrated Twelve, has been called to be general

For bride, attendants, ushers. invitation Preserves (or his ninetysixth birthday today. Wellsuperintendent of the Young Men's Duragraving'* plate) inside box, bells or black lid. White

temple design, or LDS blue velvet lining. Name Improvement Association. Others wishers in person or sent letters, Mutual came

trim invitation. in gold. Fits any *c andQe

in the are cards, general superintendency telegrams. and

Ground was broken for the new George Richard Hill III, first assistant,

I. Cannon, second assistant. 200 Ogden (Utah) Temple. and George

PHOTO THANK They were sustained and set apart in

Oregon West Stake, 493rd now the weekly meeting of the YMMIA and YOU NOTES m functioning, was organized from parts YWMIA general boards. Superintendent

only $12.95 of the Southern Oregon District of the Eldredge now becomes the general

Northern States Mission by Elder manager of The Improvement Era. They're different, and appreciated! Photo on front,

printed verse inside (or blank for personal note). Any Richard L. Evans of the Council of the

size photo, returned unharmed with order. 100- $8.95.

Includes envelopes, postage. Add'l 50s - $2.00. Twelve. Edward H. Sypher was susLU The appointment of Sherman B.

tained as president, with Robert D. Sheffield, dean of the Division of ConBagley and Bryce W. Baxter as countinuing Education, University of Utah,

selors. to the Priesthood Teacher Training

Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c desired) REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idahoif airmai83440 Committee of the Church was anNome The appointment of G. Carlos nounced.

Address.

City, Stale, Zip.

96 Improvement Era He was well on his way to becoming a brilliant engineer. Now's

your chance to help him!

Many potentially brilliant engineers, business administrators, educators or other leaders do not have the opportunity to complete their college education because they run out of money.

With a shortage of jobs in the BYU area and rising costs for a college education, many students are in need of financial help.

There are several ways you can help these worthy students:

1. When you make a gift of $480, you

provide a fulltuition scholarship for one year. Such gifts may be made annually.

2. You may establish a memorial scholarship fund in your name or in that of a loved

one (living or deceased). For example: a

gift of $10,000 will provide income for one perpetual annual scholarship.

3. Any amount you wish to contribute to the

BYU Scholarship Fund will be appreciated. *

For more information, write for a free

BYU scholarship booklet, to Director of

University Development, Brigham Young

University, Provo, Utah 84601.

University Development BRIGHAM YOUNG 'UTAHUNIVERSITY PR0V0 Advertisement SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TO READERS OF he lltiprOVeitlGllt ErCI

NonGroup Enrollment Now Open For folks who don't drink - you can receive as much as

$10,000.00 extra tax free cash

-Act Now Tomorrow May Be Too Late!

If you say, "No thank you!"to alcoholic PAYS you up to $10,000.00 CASH for each NOTE: The regular Monthly Premium

beverages, then here is good news for you. accident or illness, starting with your very shown here (for your age at time of

That's right...if you don't drink you can first day in the hospital, at the rate of enrollment) is the same low premium you

now enrollat a very substantial reduction $100.00 a week....IN ADDITION to other will continue to pay. It will not

in premiumin the Community Extra insurance or Medicare. automatically increase when you or your

Income Health and Accident Plan which spouse reach 65.

provides $100.00-a-week tax free income PAYS you up to $7,500.00 CASH for your

for you, plus special benefits for your spouse (if insured) for each accident or family. Your benefits start the very first day illness, starting with the very first day in the

you enter the hospital. hospital, at the rate of $75.00 a week.

YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED $5,000.00 for your up to PAYS you CASH

Regardless occupation or of your age, your to qualify? What (if do I need eligible Q. to do children for insured) dependent

family,the size of your your first month's Just A. complete this application mail and accident illnessincluding or each the

coverage form. It's that easy! diseasesstarting childhood with costs only $1. and your benefits common

start immediately! rate the very first hospital, at the day in the

of $50.00 a week. Q. What is the Extra Income Health &

Your National Insurers Agency of Salt Lake THE EXTRA INCOME PLAN PAYS Accident Plan?

City has been able to make special LIMIT"A. It's a low cost hospital income plan. THESE "NO AGE arrangeYOU

Life Insurance with Communityments TAXFREE BENEFITS CASH their issue to InExtra famousCompany is What Q. my discount? Health Accident Plan to Totalcome Ab- & in addition PAYS to all other coverage you A". discount Your is ten percent (10%).stainers ten a with percercrlO-reduction have, including Medicare.

in premiums!

PAYS all cash direct to you..not to the Q. What must I do to get my discount?

abstainer or a total hospital. A. doctor from be must You

are drink people don't that who knowWe beverages. alcoholic

... fewer accidents they "risks"havebetter

is pays! and pays There and PAYS no limit

... less often the into hospital they go to the times of number use you your may

I if I full prethis have to extra protectionso should need pay do you.. why. Q. Why plan.

.... the have as person insurance? already as pay Ormium? much

costs, hospital face the A. In because soaring of he accident has an automobilewho

limit. age...NO medical REMEMBER....NO

is probably insurance... while Well driving drunk? present now,was examination required....NO salesman

still will In addition will yourinadquate. to Insurers and need National Agency youthanks

call....NO "investigations."

at to! If Life, for fingertips those hidden don't cash have your you youCommunity

this spedon't enroll during drink, you and PREMIUMS MONTHLY AFTER sickness"extras"strikes.that always appear when injury orcial will enrollment then nongroup you FIRST MONTH'S PREMIUM forsave a premiums. your Not just on 10%

A. 65 UNDER AGE for the or a year, or butweek, a month,

benefits hospital begin? do When Q. my $9.95 full FULL FAMILY PLAN alone policy!lifetime This of means your

first the A. to the very go you less day On 1.00 10% in over dollars pocket whatextra your you

if hospital. are hospital in the or (Husband, you Even Children) Wife & Child

... to elsewhere. havewould pay PLUS for only day. one pay only You 8.95

7.95 PLAN PARENT ONE

I will it pay much when am me Q. How less 10% entire and family get your first yourYou.80 hospitalized? Parent (One Child or Children) and for only $1.month as to as A. 100 $100.00 up a week many 7.15 You pay only

HUSBANDWIFE PLAN 7.95 weeks for any one injury or sickness. Plus,

as spouse, your weekly $75.00 up to.80 for less 10% this to encourage protecput needed youTo

as 100 or for any weeks many one injury 7.15 You pay only in to force, totion review enable and you

sickness. 4.50 PLAN in policy, with INDIVIDUALyour your home own own

your own trusted advisor—your accountant, less 10%.45

your lawyer, your bishop or even your inYou pay only 4.05 Q. Will this Plan pay in addition to my

surance man, who has your best interests at B. AGE 65 or OVER other insurance?

heart even though he represents another If Principal Insured is 65 or over on A. Absolutely! We payin TAXFREE

insurance company—we give you your first effective date, add $2.70 to above CASHwhether you are insured in a group,

month's protection for only $1, with a full, applicable premium. If both husband and individually, or even under Medicare,

unconditional, moneyback guarantee! But wife are 65 or over, add $4.90 to above Actually, our Plan goes handin-hand with

you must act now, because tomorrow may applicable rate. Medicare. We'll pay even if you are covered

be too late. by Workmen's Compensation!

98 Improvement Era Now... for people of all ages and families of all sizes

$10Q.00-A-Week when you are hospitalized ) choose the

$ 75.00-A-Week when your spouse is hospitalized > plan below that

$ 50.00-A-Week when your children are hospitalized \ suits you best

Only $1 enrolls your entire family for the first month

Q. Can I enroll even if I am 65 or over? cial membership fees. All these savings come Q. Is anything excluded from coverage?

A. Certainly. Everyone is welcomeat any back to you in the form of low, low rates! A. Just these few reasonable exceptions:

age, providing you have not been refused War, mental disorders, pregnancy.

any hospital, health or life insurance. Q. Can I cancel my policy?

A. Of course you can! Q. What about an illness I may have had

Q. What benefits do my eligible, dependent before my enrollment and which may come

children get? Q. Will you cancel my policy if I have too back?

A. If you choose a Family Plan, your many claims? A. After your policy has been in force for

dependent, eligible children, ages 3 months A. No. We guarantee never to cancel your just 24 months you will be fully covered for

to 9 years, would receive 50% of all the cash policy because of too many claims, or such illness. This is another quality feature

benefits of the basic Plan and 100% of all its because of advanced age. We also guarantee of this unique Plan.

other benefits and features. that we will never refuse to renew your

policy not unless the has paid been premium this special covered Who's by $1.00 Q.

I the grace or unless period of the before end children to future dependent add Q. May

all policies it is declined has of rate? renewal been on in after policy force? my all eligible family A. members. You and

state. in entire if your this type indeed, A. Family have the Yes, you

Plan. Just notify us and they will be added

without evidence of insurability and Q. Will my rates be raised because I grow Q. Is it really important that I join now?

without any additional charge. older? A. Yes, it's very important because accident

A. Never. Regardless of how long you keep or sickness strikes without warningand

Q. How can you offer so many benefits for your policy or how old you grow, your rate you will not be covered until your Policy is

so little premium? will still be based on your age when you in force. Remember, the sooner you apply

A. Because, statistics show total abstainers were first issued your policy. We guarantee the sooner we will cover you. You have

have fewer accidents, making them a better never to adjust this rate unless we adjust nothing to lose if you change your mind.

risk. We deal directly with you. We don't rates on all policies of this type in your Return your policy within 15 days for a

pay salesmen's commissions or charge speentire state. prompt refund of your money.

TO QUALIFY FOR THE NONGROUP ENROLLMENT,

PLEASE COMPLETE THE APPLICATION BELOW AND MAIL TODAY.

SEND IT TO: National Insurers, Inc., P.O. Box 15182, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

BE SURE TO ENCLOSE $1 WITH YOUR ENROLLMENT FORM

APPLICATION TO COMMUNITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, PORTLAND, ME.

For The Extra Income Health & Accident PlanCH 36-A

NAME (Please Print)

ADDRESS.

CITY. STATE ZIP

OCCUPATION..DATE OF BIRTH AGE.

I also hereby apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below(DO NOT INCLUDE NAME THAT APPEARS ABOVE)

NAME (Please Print) RELATIONSHIP SEX DATE OF BIRTH AGE

Neither I nor any person listed above uses alcoholic beverages; nor has been refused any health, hospital, or life insurance. I hereby apply

for the Extra Income Health & Accident Plan. I understand that I, and any person listed above, will be covered under this Policy for any

injury or sickness I (we) had before the Effective Date of the Policy after it has been if force for a continuous period of 2 years, but not before; and that this Policy shall not be in force until the Effective Date shown in the Policy Schedule. I am enclosing $1.00 for the first

month's coverage. If, for any reason, I am not completely satisfied with this new protection- 1 may return my Policy within fifteen (15)

days for cancelling and my payment will be promptly refunded.

DATE SIGNATURE

Be sure to Enclose $1 with your Enrollment Form

November 1969 99 Remember Mom's wonderful cooking?

...and Grandmothers?

Chances are they both used SEGO Milk...

Ills been a favorite for three generations

EVAPORATED Everything tastes better when you use SEGO—for tastier meals at lower cost.

... richness turns to everything when Sego richness. adds creamy—SEGO

it the has twice... because use Sego you in life for 0M NIKDOZ """"healthy start a "'"IVIIE.K,t0KrT,.13 FLUID—for SEGO

country cream in every drop. your baby.

Are you getting compliments on your cooking? Try Sego—see if the family doesn't

say "Hey, Mom—you're the greatest!"

swing Join the to Sego—

for three generations. cooks of good popular choice ML**1 m GROCERYgiINCORPORATEDPRODUCTS DIVISION PFT

100 Improvement Era Todays Family PISR 1VIA*PAIC

Years Food Dolt-Yourself Foods Supply

"Let's get together!""Let's eat!"Whenever teenagers get together,

eating just naturally seems to follow.

In this age of doit-yourself, foods that are simple to prepare anddelicious to eat make an ideal combination. Doit-yourself foods might $129.95

be planned for afterthe-game suppers, firesides, beforethe-dance soplus tax on Utah sales cials, or just about any occasion when teenagers—as well as the over-

twenty generation—get together. Everything$145.00 valuenecessary

person for one full year or a family of 4-6 three To whet appetites you might want to serve a tasty fruit cocktail or onemonths. to fill the nutritional needs of

chips, other crunchy of crackers, and a variety dips tray ofa with refrigeration items, Easy life storage No Long—

Size 11—Prepacked Cases Sameto Store cans #10 fingers, sticks, carrot cucumber as celery, freshas vegetables, such as well

Grains, Protein Foods, plus Vegetables 4 Fruits, 6 4 8 and flowerets of cauliflower. Here are some triedand-tested teenager JuicesPick upandin SaltDessertsLake (lowCity moistureor we willfoods)ship freight collect

favorites Gross shipping wt. 365 IPs.

Cantaloupe and Grape Cocktail Combine all ingredients; blend thoroughly. Chill. Serve as a dip or spread

fresh chips, potato and crackers, with PERMAPAK 1 cantaloupe mediumsize Please me: send dip. 2 cups vegetables. Makes grapes seedless 3 cups

Year's Supply Food $129.95 F.O.B. (plus tax @ 1 sugar cup

sales). on Utah

water cupsiy2 called generation older them The is enclosed. check/moneyorder My of fresh mint sprigs or 5 6

"Dagwoods,"after the famous Sample Year's Food Supply Kit—7 Foods,

Cut cantaloupe into balls. Separate comic strip character. Today they're ample for 4 servings each—$2.95 ppd.

grapes from bunch and remove stems. Free Food Storage Plan CATALOG

called names—hoagies, by many boil for and water and sugarCombine Survival Free Kit and Camping INFORMATION

heat and from5 minutes. Remove submarines. But by whatheroes,

Free Group Discounts/FundRaising Plan minutes; Let 5 mint. stand freshadd

INFORMATION those they're known, ever name prepared over syrup mint. Pourremove

fruit and chill. huge sandwiches loaded with cold Name...

cuts are great fun to make and

Mexicali Dip even more fun to eat! Just proAddress

4 hardcooked eggs, chopped vide huge platters of the makings, City State.

1 large avocado, peeled and mashed and let everyone put together his 1 onion, minced small 1 small hot red pepper, finely chopped own special concoction.

tablespoons2 lemon juice To hold the sandwiches together, Zip..PERMAPAK#40 East 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 841151 teaspoon salt

Ph. (801) 4869671

November 1969 101 provide crusty rolls, French or

Italian bread, hamburger buns, or regular hero buns. Filling selections

"Desiderata"Only $1 couldfollowing:includeslicesallof orsalami,mostbologna,of the

ham, and other cold cuts; a variety

of cheeses; onions, tomatoes, green

peppers, lettuce, olives, pickles, 'Da&ata The timeless and mayonnaise, butter.

beautiful For dessert, doit-yourself again "Desiderata"hand comes to the rescue with sundaes.

<n$ fate) to otftw, ww tqtwMwj lettered by Provide ice cream (vanilla or a vaThomas Patterson, riety of flavors ), bananas, whipped

to tf* (jmt.

otfjw, tt vpAKOxtfi.J upu <xmparevan gputwlfipitSr fitti; fe afCalligrapher, cream, nuts, maraschino cherries,

\puwj Eafcty jju aiwajeiitsWdjJSasU)!wfttwiTae jfwjloftyjpxtte (r fetterMM ffflSOitjtowtsitfjCBl and elegantly and a selection of toppings, and let

ijooefwwwIjiinflijitfcaiijoBeM lithographed in each person make his own sundae.

triervau,atfe tfjs y& 6&fa ysu to <sfat (*fa tijire '; tianuwrscrp black and gold on Here are some unusual but deli-

&pCTi(i)ctto?ftcti)t]. w&jtt fecuacafafatw>e;jwit "Egyptian"parchcious topping suggestions:

jwa(umatava1)3titifcttp cn* tfywwef sliajgmofwiritof&to sfytttuaiji|gwu%RinajSwwSfej) mfatbjxyutf&myp&.%sftM8utc tjjfc amroc ment. Finished size

cold are Sauce: Walnut fa)fit)*w. Pour cup Maple 5om jfeweinches. 10x14 %

a cfyfi Swplro, 6eX)3 t ajitjtt,TOttQywm wit|awfeoryimimjiViijyjwre light jjxtrsefV into ian3are milk evaporated or cream vtfiertare;ig3U fjawariajit to or go & tariQK tw for framing fe Ideal cftfjeimicerM, 1 oz.) bowl. package mixing Add (4

ijire. mjjiSrg BC&fffoupUjTpawtfjtmjfcim 5WwijeQiorijjtit

instant butterscotch pudding and Si atpa.unt t6fyju0.y%8reftw as &vatWucucc*ihfc decoupage.

salt. of just with beater Beat egg dash %toKi,ajm4Lof a for unique gift A to mix, not over- (do about

jtroafairw*oarej.&triwtofe(!. y y in Stir beat). mapleblended all'cup or Christmas 1%minute

JoutjJ ii) oG8mt ftufs cfjurclj, Sa&icre; foixl 12 occasions. syrupMakes and1% cups.y2 cup chopped walnuts.

Copyright Patte Enterprises Pineapple Sauce: Combine \y2 tablespoons cornstarch and y2 cup sugar

ORDER NOW I SUPPLY IS LIMITED incrushedsaucepan;pineappleadd with1 canjuice(8V2and oz.)y2

cup wgter. Bring to boiling, stirring constantly; boil 2 to 3 minutes or until

Chill; slightly clear thickened. add and Enterprises Patte juice. 1 tablespoon lemon Makes 1% 1572, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 P. 0. Box a variation, syrupsubstitute cups. For

Please send me copies of "Desiderata"packed bing cherries and juice for the @ $1.00 each. I enclose $ as payment in pineapple and water.

full. (Postage prepaid.)

Name Chocolate Honey Sauce: Combine 1

chocolate package semisweet Street milk or pieces evaporated and cup

City (6 %oz.)in boiler. top of double light cream

State - Zip Heat over hot water until chocolate is

Money Back If Not Completely Satisfied warm.melted. MakesStir in1%y2cups.cup honey. Serve

Ginger Sauce: Mix 1 cup sugar, y2 cup

water, and 3 tablespoons chopped crystalized ginger. Boil 10 minutes, cool,

and serve over vanilla ice cream. Makes

about iy2 cups sauce.

MarshmallowMint Sauce: Combine y2

cup sugar and V4 CU P water and boil 5 minutes. Add 1 cup miniature marshmallows or 1 cup marshmallow pieces.

stiff. until well blended. beaten Beat Missionaries,

oilTemples and the Stir well. Pour slowly over 1 egg white, 1 drop of peppermint, Add

head for with green food coloring. Makesand 1%tint LatterdaySaints cups sauce.

Butter together Blend Sauce: Peanut booklet. special Erasize Available in a

light milk or evaporated cream, cup %1 plain butter, or chunkstyle peanut cup CLASSROOM, HOME, IDEAL FOR

AND MISSIONARY USE. andcold. y2Makescup 2molasses.cups. Serve warm or

50C a copy40c a copy for 25 or more and save 10% 210S MAIN ff

102 Improvement Era life are real.The best things in

The real things in life just can't be beaten. After Because you no longer have to dissolve the yeast,

all, what could be better than the real cakes you bake worry about water temperature or heat the bowl.

from scratch? Nothing. Now you just blend Fleischmann's Yeast with

But it does take longer at a time when life's a lot your other dry ingredients, mix—and bake one of the

more hurried than it used to be. best things in life. A light, tasty cake. The real thing.

That's why Fleischmann's developed the new For 70 real thing recipes, including the Babka

Rapidmix method. It makes baking the real thing below, send 250 for "Fleischmann's New Treasury of

quicker and easier than ever before. Yeast Baking", Box 61E, Mt. Vernon, N.Y. 10559.

in a matter NOW! of months

this could be you... J\ TtAiM.

CL/umjMit eicuGyw; J\u J\mjti SumaImi-... Buffs

Young women are urgently needed in these and and other vocations in our rapidly expanding Rebuffs business world.

But, The Patricia Stevens Career College has a curriculum JUST FOR YOU it be any of the above YOU CAN % whether

I or Public Relations; CosHu Chan

metology and a complete LIVE IN i Secretarial Course, to name I just received my September Era. There

to list that everything touched /'the be difficult Religion of LDS Institute SALT LAKE CITY \ but a few! In addition, are so many good things in it, it would Sister two: mention me. But I can Mabel (University Division) of Utah

"In Huntsville,"Gabbott's poem, and the of a variety weekly for Patronym Chan,"by "A Hu in this classes new at the conducts

It's Morris. the and fiction,Robert charming most

completely modern College in time. long a read story I haveJ.

Building. Beautiful, homelike Virginia M. Kammeyer

living quarters are available Alderwood Manor, WashingtonNEWHOUSE for resident students.

Center of City On Meat and Heart Attacks

Overnight and Residential In reference to the article "An 1833 Guide

Parking Free for of Prevention the Disease"Heart THE BUSINESS OF WORLD wish Family Dr. G. [August] Cowley, Ray by Rooms we

IS YOU! FOR WAITING to to the express relative concern deep Daily from $8.00 INQUIRE NOW! position the -by taken concerning author

meat and cardiovascular disease.

. Summarizing several studies, Balkeslee MONTHLY RATE and Stumler ( Your Heart Has Nine Lives, fS New York, 1963, p. 278) have outlined

nine main factors other than age and sex $190.00 which are associated with increased risk

of developing coronary heart disease.

pressure, as follows: are high blood They PRIVATE BATH ROOM—college career cholesterol, levels of overhigh serum ALL and SERVICES

little eating, exercise excessive too weight, or mail the Please telephone us COLLECT DETAILS FOR—|—MEALSMAIL activity, diabetes, excessive physical and delay! attached coupon without

stress, cigarette tension smoking, and and

Patricia Stevens College Career heredity. East South 1213 2100NEWHOUSE

is City, Utah Salt disease a simple Lake heart not Coronary 841064th South and Main is Merrill: therefore not Mr. prevented disease or Dear and City,Salt Lake Utah 84101

the information concerning Please send me factor, single rather a caused but by will to subjects which school help following me factors. cited several case In every byName in of business. the world place achieve my

also there important Dr. were Cowley

Name.-. differences in factors other than meat

total factors consumption. These wereAddress mf Address.. level, intake, exercise enand City..State. caloric

Zipvironmentallatter is verytensionsdifficultandto stresses.measure, Thebut

Print Name and Address Age Phone. the former two factors are obvious as a

society becomes more affluent.

To date there is no convincing scientific data that can be construed to mean that

USE le Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City Utah 84111 meatdisease.or proteinOn theis contrary,a cause of therecardiovascularare data,

THIS Please enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for althoughcreased proteinnot conclusive,consumptionthatmaysuggestpreventindecreasing disease cardiovascular by

Nutrition, (Journal cholesterolCOUPON Name blood of

RENEW Address Vol.cholesterol98, 1969,synthesisp. 335)(Americanor by decreasingJournal

City Society, Vol. State 44, 1969, Chemists Zip of Oil YOUR It than coincidental p. 607). is more

(Check one) Give credit for this subscription to specified diet in that Heart the More "No ERA

This is a renewal fj Ward or Branch Attacks"cludes lean(Look,meat—leanFebruarybeef,4,veal,1969)bacon,inORDER This is a gift [J Stake or Mission turkey,as well chicken,as skimmedand milk.fattrimmedFrom 1909steak—to

intake daily protein has 1950 average gift, also give name and address of donor.

(Yearbook unchanged of AgriFOR If Iyear years in changes years remainedculture, Thus, 60). p. 1959, Name 0$8.25 $3.00 Z$5.75

FRIEND iress Add $2.50 for each additional year

104 'Improvement Era for your

protein intake do not in any way parallel the increase in the incidence of cardiovascular disease or the increase in averFAMILY'S CHRISTMAS age life span experienced during this period. Although still not conclusively causal, Shop our exciting and versatile collections of gifts

convincing evidence is available (Journal and fashions for everyone on your Christmas list.

Association, Vol. Dietetic 52, American of

indicating that there be Come in, call or write to our Personal Shopping p. 13) 1968, may

a causal relationship between excessive Service, Box 1465, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10.

intake of fat and cardiovascular disease.

The primary objective of these studies and of those cited by Dr. Cowley was to

decrease the dietary intake of cholesterol and to substitute unsaturated fats for saturated fats in the diet.

The most convincing nutritional cause of cardiovascular pathology is overnutrition or just plain overeating. Obese

persons are much more prone to cardiovascular problems than are lean persons. State and Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10

experimental animals In and in man it 2457 Washington Blvd., Ogden, Utah 84401 that conclusively has been shown rather

eating any nutrient beyond the level required can be harmful. This is true also

with protein (Experimental Gerontology, animal or vegetable origin. This is not

in any way intended to mean that one should starve himself until depleted of all body fat. To do so would be to unYOU CAN FIND THE

necessarily risk deficiency and other debilitating diseases, resulting frequently PERFECT JOB longevity. in decreased

Futures of untold success lie Dr. Deloy G. Hendricks ahead for those individuals

Dr. Arthur W. Mahoney who will prepare for it... and

Professor Flora Bardwell have faith enough to know

Department of Nutrition that what they're doing is

Dr. C. Anthon Ernstrom right. Cadre can't instill faith

Dr. Gary H. Richardson but we can help chart your

Dr. Tedford A. Gillett course, through a comprehenDepartment of Food Science sive series of vocational and

Utah State University professional aptitude examinCadre

East South 1213 2100 results will show The Logan, Utah ations.

City, Lake Utah 84106 talents your you where (801) 4870651 are SaltPhone

The article by Dr. Cowley is contrary to best suited. Interested? Write Yes, I'd like to see how Cadre can help me prepare

competent medical authorities, nutritionfor further information... for a brighter future. I understand there is no obligation.

ists, and scientists who have devoted we'll be in your region soon! Name.. countless years working and dollars on Take stock in your future. i, Address d

this of important shortcoming man. Dr.

Cowley mentions some of the other factors involved in the coronary problem, but omits some of those that have been CADRE'repeatedly classed as some of the most computer aptitude directed important. Some of those omitted are

obesity, lack of exercise, and stress (inresource examinations cluding hypertension).

One of the most objective and unbiased summaries about which I am aware is an article entitled "Heart Disease, The in published Tangled of Evidence,"Web

Engineering Chemical and News in IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS HEARING AIDS 1965. of the prominent March Many DEALER 2/ in Aids sore treatment of simple nCC nutritional, medical, biological scienand prices 73 Urr tists in are throat quoted. not imply do They other minor and and mouth tiny, of SELECTION LARGEST

will that the solved problem be any ear, way the allin-theear, behind irritations. throat models. pocket eyeglass and dietarily especially such on not and a

obliNo TRIAL. FREE HOME restricted as basis portrayed Dr. by guaranback Money gation.

Cowley. tee. No down payment. Easy

dealor salesmen terms. No Dr. Daniel Steinberg, chief of metaboHALL'S REMEDY catalog. free for Write save and direct ers. 65%. Order lism. writes: National Heart Institute,, Tex. Houston Salt Lake City, Utah 10947,, Box PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57 "Only drastic changes in the American 77018.

diet are likely to bring about a significant so, cholesterol. lowering of serum Even a HEADQUARTERS GENEALOGY SAFES such whether not know we still do

lowering will really be beneficial."for

Dr. David D. Rutstein, head of the SACRED RECORDINGS Special T

free information Department of Preventative Medicine, Salt Lake1470 City,SouthUtahState 84115 Write for

Ph. 4871096 P.O. Box 1055 Draper, Utah

COVENANT RECORDINGS THE AMERICAN SAFE CO.

November 1969 105 je%tnji% Eat hearty. Now you can enjoy the savory goodSo when you prepare your recipes, you end up wL.

ness of meat and meat dishes, without the meat. as much as you started with. You save time in meal

Worthington brings you the new vegetable protein preparation, too.

meatless meats... a consistent and logical expresPERFECT FOR YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROsion of the "fourth dimension"of the WORD OF GRAM. Precooked in canned, frozen, and dehyWISDOM.* drated forms, Worthington's meatless meats add

The secret to successful dining without meat is fioutstanding variety and nutrition to your food stor-, bers of spun soy protein. The fibers provide bulk age program. Canned and dehydrated product

and texture so that each food cuts and chews like have 18month shelf life. See BERMAPAK for

meat... protein so it nourishes like meat... and many Worthington Foods.

flavoring so it tastes like meat. Simply delicious. Featured below is our hamlike Wham "Loaf... a

The only things you sacrifice in these new vegetadelicious answer to your holiday menu planning.

ble protein foods are a lot of fat, a lot of calories Also try baconlike Stripples,"'Prosage'M breakfast and a lot of cholesterol. sausage, Beef Style Chunks and Slices, Vegetable

There's no waste because gristle, bones and animal Skallops, and many more... over 50 products in

fat are nonexistent. There's little or no shrinkage all. Free recipe booklet available upon request.

because all Worthington products are precooked. *Doctrine and Covenants; 89:1215

Ml WorthingtonWORTHINGTONFoods, Inc., Worthington, Ohio 43085

pioneers in vegetable protein foods

V

y*.

.

**V-A *-*.- r-

>uy Worthington products at Safeway, Smith's Food Kinq, Albertson's, Dan's, Warshaw's, Scheibner's,

Gwaltney's, Skaggs Food Center, Reams, Wangsgard's.

SPECIAL FOR GENEALOGY WORKERS

The Famous SmithCorona Harvard Medical School: "There is at 16"Carriage Electric, Heavy Duty

present no scientific basis for making Perfect for the "Genealogist"specific recommendations to the general public regarding a diet that will prevent coronary heart disease. Suggestive evidence exists that a lowering of total Clip this ad

caloric in intake the per- a reduction and or send it fat in of the diet centage helpful. be may

it in bring is there not However, a shred evidence of that merely substituting unsaturated fat SAVE for saturated fat in the ordinary American diet will in any way affect the course of this disease."$30.00

George P. Larrick, commissioner of the

Administration: and U.S. Food Drug Limited

as polyunsaturated,'labeled "Foods 'low in cholesterol,'or 'made from 100 percent Time Only golden corn oil'play no significant part in reducing blood cholesterol unless the drastically in diet is changed other reREGULAR $215.00

spects. cholesterol blood Even when

levels are lowered under careful medical supervision, the significance of such a lowering in the prevention and treatment of artery disease heart and has not been ALL MAKES TYPEWRITER CO, is still established experimental."and

In my files are numerous articles written by eminent authorities and symposia Corner 2nd South at State 3284941 Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1 proceedings by the top heart research scientists in this nation, and in no case do I find a consensus that Dr. Cowley

portrays in his article. In fact, many

with whom I have had some direct and indirect contacts are more concerned IS ONLY ONEabout the faddish diet imposed on people THERE in solving the guise of their coronary BEAUTY "COLLEQE"susceptibility. dietician Ask any eminent

or t nutritionist about the implication of Choosing a career school is the beginning of tomorrow taking the meat and milk products out of so choose carefully. If you want aprofitable and rewardina

diet and you will find that you are tambeauty career, then there's only **'pering four with the important two of choice. one Study with Robert Steurfood groups. and a staff of highly trained, It is of interest to note that the incrimination of milk and animal fats comes awardwinning instructors.

at a time when the increasing incidence You'll graduate with the finest of coronary problems is of national conbeauty EDUCATION available.,cern, and so is the decreased consumption

of dairy products and especially milk fat a concern to the industry. dairy If one Kob&ti Stea/tuses the logic of surveys and inductive

thinking, the implication would be that COLLEGE OF BEAUTY the decrease in consumption is a cause 1205 WILMINGTON AVE. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

of heart disease. This is not true, of

course. Please send me complete information

Several questions might be asked about theWhyimplicationsdo those countriesof Dr. Cowley'swith a article:higher Name

consumption of milk fat than the U.S. Address

have a lower incidence of cardiovascular problems, such as atherosclerosis? How City State Zip

the substitutioncan of vegetable fats reTelephone Age theduce incidence of coronary problems when either in their natural state or in their hydrogenated state they are more saturated than milk fat? How did he overaslook eggs one of the cholesterol high GENEALOGISTS

foods in routinely the used American Time to publish Free catalog of over 300 items. Xerox copydiet?

your book? differenting 7c eachsheets).(5c eachGenealogyif over pictures70 of samecopiedor Dr. George E. Stoddard

of Department religious, publish academic Dairy Science We and 30c (each additionalSTEVENSON'Scopy 5c). University Utah State general to exacting books professional

Thank you so much for Dr. Cowley's standards—within four months! 230 WestGENEALOGICAL1230 North, Provo,CENTERUtah 84601

article on meat. My wife and I have Expert promotion for sales, adoptions.

alleliminated foods diet our from Free: which manuscripts Send subjects any on Worthington's Food Productsare in any associated flesh with way for editorial, cost marketing and apincluding Stripple Zips, new fish,(including all eggs, dairy and Write for helpful booklets. are now available at PERMAPAK.products). short, In (thrive) on praisals. we live

fruits, herbs, and starchless vegetables. Address Exposition Press, Dept 705L, Come in or write for

50 Jericho Turnpike, Jericho, N.Y. Worthington circular.

11753. PERMAPAK40 E. 2430 So., S.L.C., Utah 84115

November 1969 107 Both of us have been relatively healthy truth. From this vantage point the abyss and accept such changes. The possible

individuals all our lives, having very little of misinformation and scattered truths beneficial role of exercise remains unmedical expense. However, since beginpresented in the medical literature beproven. Obesity is now relegated to a

ning this fruit and vegetable diet five came more traversable and meaningful. minor position; in fact, before this

months ago, our general physical well The etiology of coronary atherosclerosis factor becomes even minimally signifibeing has improved so much that we is, of course, multifactoral and clearly cant, the weight must be greater than are sorry we didn't start this program stated in the article. Some factors 30 percent above optimal weight for

many years ago (I am now 58 years thought to be vitally important ten years many years. I would recommend that

old). ago—exercise, stress, and obesity—have nonphysician individuals interested in

We have both noted a tremendous imfallen by the wayside because of enthis aspect consult with a cardiologist for provement in our respiratory systems, lightened research and a medical populaupdating and clarification.

especially the sinus area. While others tion openminded enough to recognize In sum, the entire point of my article

were complaining about the summer heat, we had no problem, even though my wife spent the last two weeks in July and most of August in Mesa, Arizona.

My teeth were being threatened by pyorrhea, which was caused by the accumulation of tartar. This problem is

resolved the disappearance even tonow sensitivity. are other imRichard L. Evans Thereof tooth

provements, and we are looking forward areas. in other additionalto improvement

I enThe Spoken Word equally have two friends who are thusiastic, one of them having rigidly adhered to this diet for one and a half years. Myron C. Cardinal Work for all in this beloved land

Roy, Utah

Dr. Cowley responds:

essential for personal peace and a sense of well being is

tell years that the "The days spirit, effort much of physical of mind, of the balancing balance—One

is that applies a truismnever apknow"for forgetting necessity absolute refreshment, the and not and topropriately the in that those quandry paramedical science of nutrition find work. But we sometimes forget balance and are given to going to

in, especiallythemselves amid rapidly diet, excesses, from overworking to underworking, from too much too long concepts regardingchanging medical health, and longevity of man. It is sigat work, to too much too long at leisure. As one example of the backnificant that physicians with I have whom andforth swinging of the cycle, children were once exploited with

article thediscussed concepts of the have been in agreement, most of them enoverwork; and from the deplorable excess of exploiting child labor,

thusiastically so. Undoubtedly, within a we have sometimes seen the excess of overexploiting leisure—of young

currently inconclusivedecade or two, studies will have been clarified to the people earnestly wanting work and not finding opportunity enough point that the "truth will out"from the for wholesome, responsible, productive employment. It is significant

junglepresent of confusion reman-made that in the expulsion of Adam and Eve from Eden, God said: "... diseases.garding coronary heart

Approximately 50 percent of accepted cursed is the ground for thy sake."1 Not cursed is man, but cursed is

authori-"factual"data taught by eminent ties in medicine 20 years been the ground for thy sake. Work is a blessing—a physical, mental, and ago has

discarded as error through the medium of spiritual necessity, quite apart from any economic urgency. Everyone

research. editorial valid In a recentmore

in the Medicine, Annals an needs work—the young, the old: useful occupation, not just busywork, of Internal

internationally prominent physician stated but sincerely responsible, productive assignments. And as to the somethat approximately percent 50 of what is times restlessness and problem of young people, one answer is the as fact taught accepted andnow by experts in medicine will have succumbed opening of opportunities for purposeful employment. Who wouldn't

towithin the climb of meditwo decades cal research truth. be restless without honest work to do, without feeling needed, withof basic ladder up the

I utilized the necessarily meager quotes out performing a productive part—without useful outlet for mental

literature to primarilyfrom medical stimand spiritual and physical powers in creative accomplishment? One of

ulate the interest in the of readers Word of Wisdom, particularly those verses perthe greatest services that any individual or organization could pertaining to meat (verses 1215). Such an form is to help provide opportunity for useful worthwhile work.

article for a magazine with the widely varied circulation of the Era could not be "Work,"said Carlyle, "is the grand cure for all the maladies and presented as a comprehensive medical miseries that ever beset mankind—honest work, which you intend

treatise with the complex structuring such getting done."2 With so much need in the world, and so much unused requires.writing

The bulk of medical literature on this and undirected energy, it would seem that one of the most sincere collection ofsubject is a vast disconand significant services anyone could offer is to help all who can and attempts stumblingnected, confused, and to find truth, and it has included suffiwill find useful work in this beloved land.

cient variety over the years to allow any1Genesis 3:17. his articles quote to supportone to

Carlyle, Inaugural Address, Edinburgh, 1866. 2Thomasbias. this search bias is that I started My

eight years ago with the basic premise * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, that Section 89 of the Doctrine and Covepresented over KSt and the Columbia Broadcasting System September 7, 1969. Copynants proclaimed irrefutable eternal right 1969.

108 Improvement Era was to emphasize the truths in the DocAs was expected, the publishing of Dr. sumed the Lord was appraising meat in

trine and Covenants, not the validity of Coivlet/s article has occasioned widegeneral and that except for "times of man's research. In my opinion, it is time spread interest in the relationship of genfamine"it was not the most satisfactory

for Latterday Saints to accept what is eral eating and living habits and physical food product. The proper interpretation

clearly stated in the Word of Wisdom health. Some Church historians indicate of the verses dealing with meat has alconcerning the advisability of eating that among the Saints in 1833 it teas ways been of recurring interest. Because

meat sparingly, or preferably not at all, customary dietary procedure to eat meat of that interest, the Era printed Dr. Cowexcept under special circumstances: durthree times daily, often at the exclusion ley's article to provide readers with

ing cold or famine. Only a very small of nearly everything else. Some Saints potentially helpful information and one

minority of our sheltered, wellfed U.S. have presumed that the Lord's counsel medical authority's pointof-view. Cerpopulation live under such conditions in the Word of Wisdom (D<bC 89) was tainly, a careful reading of the Word of

today. aimed at this condition. Others have pretoisdom is a stimulating experience. O

AN IDEA FOR A HOME EVENING

Dunford BAKERSt-r LAKE CITY UTftH

$050Gingerbread House complete

It's fun! Now the whole family can participate in kit

Utah Residents Add their decorating assembling and Gingerbread own Sales Tax.

little darling House... the house same known and 4Vz%

loved by millions, from the famous story of Hansel and Gretel.

Your Dunford's Gingerbread House package contains:

Walls, roof (made of genuine gingerbread) and instructions for easy assembly, plus decorating material.

This year add a Dunford Gingerbread House to your home.

On sale at leading department and food stores throughout Utah; or order direct from:

Dunfords Bakeries Inc. / 2148 South 9th East

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 / Phone 4867476

Please send me Gingerbread Kits Name at $3.50 each.

Total enclosed $ Address (check or money order.)

City MAILORDER: add 25 for

THIS IS THE HOUSE postage and handling. State Zip

THE WHOLE FAMILY BUILDS!

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

arservice personally Every L.D.S.

P. Randall Melvin directed supervised and Manager, L.D.S. Department ranged, by Mgr.LowellSanJ. GabrielCampbellUnit

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2830023 2870595

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call.

R. Reid Wallace E. Baxter Donald PIERCE BROTHERS Associate Associate MORTUARIES 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD 8383956 2849817

November 1969 109 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY 196970 BASKETBALL SCHEDULE Exclusively on

Date Opponent Place KSL Radio,

Dec. 5 (Fri.) California Provo, Utah

Provo, California Utah Dec. 6 (Sat.)

Provo, Utah (Thurs.) Dec. 11 New Mexico State Home of BYU Sports

Dec. 13 (Sat.) San Joes State Provo, Utah

Lubbock, Tech Dec. 18 (Thurs.) Texas Texas... with Paul James—

Austin, Texas (Sat.) Texas Dec. 20

Denver Denver, Colorado (Mon.) 22 Dec.

City Tournament Western America's (Sat.) Quaker Dec. 27

Dec. 29 (Mon.) (Georgia, Columbia, Wake Forest,

Connecticut, Cornell, LaSalle, Philadelphia, Pa. Favorite Sportscaster. Dec. 30 (Tues.) Villanova)

Jan. 3 (Sat.) Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

Tucson, Arizona Jan. 8 (Thurs.)!N Arizona Follow Cougar Basketball all season at home

Arizona State Tempe, Arizona (Sat.) Jan. 10

Jan. 15 (Thur.) Utah State Logan, Utah and away from home.

Jan. 17 (Sat.) Athletes in Action Provo, Utah

Jan. 24 (Sat.) Utah Provo, Utah

Jan. 29 (Thurs.) New Mexico Provo, Utah

Jan. 31 (Sat.) Texas at El Paso Provo, Utah

Collins, (Thurs.) 5 Colorado State Fort Feb. Colo. DIAL Laramie, Wyoming 7 Feb. (Sat.) Wyoming

Feb. 12 State Provo, (Thur.) Arizona Utah 1160 Provo, Utah Feb. 14 (Sat.) Arizona

Feb. 19 (Thurs.) Wyoming Provo, Utah

Feb. 21 (Sat.) Colorado State Provo, Utah home of radio

Feb. 26 (Thur.) Texas at El Paso El Paso, Texas

Feb. 28 (Sat.) New Mexico Albuquerque, N. M. Broadcast HouseSalt Lake City, Utah 84111

Mar. 4 (Wed.) Utah State Provo, Utah

no Improvement Era Pero TheseTimes

THE NEW

NONCAFFEINE DRINK HOT A delicious and nourishing way to start the day for the whole family. Adults and children like

the delicious flavor of the wholesome grains.

Simple just boiling add water and to fix—

serve! Economical, too! for Look it at fayour

vorite market.

Distributed by World Foods

Division of Holly World Foods, Inc.

2520 South 7th West Salt Lake City, Utah 84119

Juillard Fancy Foods Youth, Division of Holly Foods, Inc. World

310 Townsend Street San Francisco, California 94107

Dealers Inquiries Welcome "Relevance,"

lfeiBi KEF* and the

the healthful ig University family drink

By Dr. G. Homer Durham Pero instant cereal beverage is

made from roasted barley and rye,

Commissioner and Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education contains no caffein. Everyone in

Some months ago the Research they feel they must strive for the family will enjoy it, served hot.

Institute of America circulated remarks. Education, they feel in 1% oz. (30 cups) 450

sults of a nationwide survey of many cases, does "not come to or 10 for 4.20

college students. The study was grips with philosophical and moral 7 oz. (120 cups) 1.59

geographically distributed, "anaquestions."Hence, there is deep or 4 for 6.00

lyzed and crosschecked to bring desire for a voice in determining Add $1 postage on small size carton,;.. a responsible profile of the curriculum and participating 1.10 on large size; 4 lA% sales tax in Utah.

the usuallyinarticulate majority."in the emotional process.

Among the findings: Experimental colleges, socalled

1. Education, not business or "free universities,"have appeared. that's

government, is the number one "Happenings"like Woodstock in why it's target of youth. There is deep conthe summer of 1969 have at- a great

cern about government, business, tracted many young people, amid fund and the "industrialmilitary comconsternation and concern of their raiser!

plex."But stronger feelings were elders. Make money

voiced about the immediate eduSince the Hawthorne Electric for your group cational environment of young studies in the 1920's, more and WRit; with the

people. The feeling: students are more corporations have experiCarte-Graphics,P. O. Box 686 Inc. writeon,wipeoff

not encouraged to learn. Rather, mented with "participative manProvo, Utah 84601 time organizer.

November 1969 Ill agement."But many college termine the atmosphere and en- 4. The majority are "highly redepartments, such as sociology, vironment of instruction in the sentful of being smeared with the

political science, management, hundred or more classes adminisstudent activist brush."Said one

philosophy, English, and mathetered by that department. (More irate woman student: "These nuts

matics, have yet to discover on this later, and what can be are not the majority, but a small "participative management"or done about it that is not already minority who... make their numfaculty-student consultations and being well done.) bers appear larger than they really

conferences on the departmental 2. Attitude of young people are."The truth seems to be that

curricula. Students do not really toward older adults: "No greater the student majority are neither

know how and why a large acabitterness was encountered by Inapathetic nor activist, but busy demic department such as history stitute interviewers than the feelbusy with a full academic workor political science really develops ing by young people that the load and some important social and controls its course offerings adult world was lumping them all life.

and presentations. Meetings with together as irresponsible."Thus, 5. Next to education, the

the university president or regents "like it or not, adult America must radio, and televimedia—press,

in for the most severe on such matters are about as efcontend with a good portion of the sion—came

fective as a meeting with the population of young people intent criticism encountered by the Inmayor and council of New York City on defining their goals in terms of stitute survey. "One theme clearly

to establish the method and angle VERY PERSONAL objectives."emerging from the survey is the

of pouring water from a fire hose 3. The "least understood asr feeling... that much of the media

during a fire. The men on the pect of young Americans is their is not only irresponsible, sensascene hold the nozzle and direct attitude toward... the draft and tional, biased, and a tool of one

the spray, despite the policy of the the Vietnam war.... the majority interest or another, but that these

city council. So does the faculty are genuinely at a loss for reasons factors reflect the values of the

of the department of English defor this war...."culture generally."Further: "mass

THE MOST JOYFUL

w o LIFE L.D.S. CHRISTMAS CARDS DAY OF YOUR

Free from In beautiful color and qoldembossed St tedious detail frame is inscribed Each card with an inspiring Christmas message from the Book of Mormon as shown. SiM

There are envelopes 24 cards (8 each and St in of the 3 cards every box. shown) The

price is

Onl $2.95 Per Box

Cards of this quality generally sell for above $5.00 per box. We pay for the

shipping. Any order of 100 boxes or more

(Relief Society fund raising projects etc.) will be discounted to $2.60 per box. Mail M

your check to: StK

CARDS Box 239 m University Station is St We provide the gracious touch Provo, Utah 84601 of charm and elegance in our personalized assistance with your

If not fully satisfied we will gladly return Si reception arrangements.

This give than your more year money.

distinct a card a gospel message—give just Si CRESTW00D VILLA

Spirit carry Missionary the to your and friends. ORDER NOW. 6505 Highland Drive

St Salt Lake Citv. Utah

tal Phone 2789291 Carry the Missionary Spirit to Your Friends

If no answer, call 4876116 or 4856880 t&SM::

112 Improvement Era Books are Our Business99 The Deseret News Press has been in the book printing business for over 100 years.

During that time most book publishers and printers have been content to follow the old rules of book design by producing books that appear as basic replicas of one another.

This would be a very uninteresting world if we were all content to imitate and never seek to create. That is why the MM

Deseret News Press has Hie l\OLg BlBLQ assumed leadership in creative book design.

That is why we have put ourselves in a position to offer our customers a full rangeof creative counseling—First in basic design

and art and secondly in material selection.

We believe books should be as beautiful on the outside as they are on theinside. Itmakes sense

to do business with the Deseret News Press.

Leadership in the Graphic Arts*

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 801 4861892

November 1969 113 media's vast exposure of the more two years especially, and in obextreme elements of American serving. One recent picture deyouth has created deep resentstroyed much of the pride that has

ment among young people... attended Cornell University for a

best summed up by a 20year-old century. If the picture had been

New England student who comsnapped a few seconds before or mented: 'Why should I work hard after, Cornell's history could have

to be recognized by society when been different. Few institutions,

all I have to do is not shave for a few kings, priests, popes, potenfew days, lie down in the street tates, corporations, governments and overnight... become a nacan withstand any and every

tional personality?'"television picture that is possible,

In reading the survey, I found it even in a normal peaceful day.

confirmed by what I had learned, The "small minority"have learned listening to students in the past this and more. One tiny group,

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word On dragging others down our concern for restlessness and lawlessness and moral looseness

Inwe need, perhaps, some searching of ourselves, remembering that any compromising of principle, or any letting down in example or in attitude of any parent or teacher, or anyone who influences young people, leads to a letting down of their standards of life. And anyone

who lets down a little may find that his children, or his young friends, let down further than the example they follow. And it is awesome to

contemplate the responsibility of influencing the lives, the minds, the morals, the faith, the ideals of others, in leading them to lower levels.

This laxity and looseness, if unchecked, will break the hearts, the homes, the happiness of people, young and old, and lead to a kind of jungle law. Already there is evidence of the price being paid, in broken lives,

in disease and shame and sorrow. One of the "first and foremost"facts

to face, to cite a current source, "is... that Nature is the expression

of a definite order with which nothing interferes successfully, and that the chief business of men is to learn that order, and govern themselves accordingly."1 "For the light cannot come,"said Phillips Brooks, "except through purity and righteousness; lust and iniquity are surely darkness.... Oh, that there could thrill through the being of our young

men,"he added, "some electrical sense that they are God's sons, that they might... live the life and attain the nature which are rightly

theirs."2 And those who would undermine the moral foundations, and

who would teach youth that there are no eternal principles, no hereafter, no Godgiven moral law, would well remember the awesome responsibility of helping to drag anyone down. Heaven help us all to

see that youth are never led to lower moral levels; help us to lift

them with the righteous influence of our lives, that truth and decency may endure as an ideal on earth—for there cannot be peace or happiness in departing from moral principles.

he Royal Bank of Canada Monthly Letter, Vol. 50, No. 2.

-Phillips Brooks, The Light of the World and Other Sermons: The Choice Young Man.

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System September 14, 1969. Copyright 1969.

114 Improvement Era not more than a halfdozen memthe discussion of curricular matmbers, invited television cameras ters and academic relevance. This

to watch the members burn an does not mean that professors will

American flag on Barry Goldcease to be professors and stuwater's driveway on a recent July dents will assume their robes.

4. If the TV men had ignored the Rather, it means that significant

incident, the misdeed would have opportunity to improve teaching remained in proper perspective. and learning exists. Professors can

Hence, the New England boy who learn what happened to students told the survey, "Why should 1 during their lectures, and what work hard to be recognized by sohappened after they walked off the ciety when all I have to do is not podium back to their office or the shave for a few days, lie down in library. Students will begin to

the street and overnight... beappreciate why the standards,

come a national personality?"Even discipline, and content of the

if his point is untrue, it neverthecourses must maintain their inless reflects youthful criticism of tegrity, and not be diluted with the media and what it has failed happenstance desires or current to do for the "inarticulate majorunverified opinion. There are now over 75 outstanding films

a lasting assist to in teachingity"who mind their own business. A Yale library inscription sugavailable

are vvell Rental message. charges

Two years ago, a facultystudent gests that many shall come "to the reach of any budget. within

committee report, produced at my and fro,"and knowledge shall IDEAL FOR:

direction, strongly recommended increase. Leadership Training

the establishment of facultystu- Faculty and students are learnClassMIA ActivitiesInstruction dent councils (for consultation ing that there is more to a uniSunday School and conference) in the various versity education than walking to PrimaryFiresides academic areas of the university. and from a lecture hall, and at-

(The chemistry department had a tempting to organize the consesplendid, informal thing going quences into a passing grade. The EDUCATIONAL MEDIA

SERVICES R. Clark Buildingevery Friday afternoon for faceducational "action"is at the deHerald

ulty and students, and had been partmental and classroom level BrighamProvo,YoungUtah 84601University doing so for nearly six years.) The in a university. That is where

DESERET BOOK COMPANY College of Law immediately picked the university's real, immediate Film Department up the idea. The College of Busi- "power"is exercised, where the Salt44LakeEastCity,SouthUtahTemple84111

ness Administration realigned its decisions are made on who is infrastructure to so function. The fired, who teaches what, how, BYU Chicago Film CenterBYU Southwestern Film

entire structure of what used to be when, and why. The prospects for Association561 HillgroveFilms,AvenueInc. Tucson,415 NorthArizona6th Avenue85705

III. 60525 Film Center BYU Canadianknown as student government (the academic "relevance"in areas of LaGrange,

Address Film Temporary BYU Bay Area

South 23rd Avenue 2300student body president, student dissatisfaction (there is little disCenter

Alberta, Lethbridge, Association Films, Inc.

Cypress Avenue in 25358 satisfaction etc.) is sciences in thesenate, Canada under realignand now u Ricks Center Film BY

Calif. Hayward, First 94544 2 Street 25

at professional schools) of colthe be a systemment, aiming may Falls, Idaho Idaho 83401 Film BYU Eastern

Film Angeles Los BYUlege, school, departmental enhanced and Films, by some such studentCenterAssociation Inc. Center

Grand Avenue 600 Inc. Films, Associationcouncils. exchange. of the $250,000 teacher Some N.J. Ridgefield, 07657 2221 Olive Street South

annual Associated Student budget Recently, it has been called Los Angeles, Calif. 90007

is being reappropriated from the "dialogue."Dialogue between a ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST BRANCH LIBRARY I

universitywide "entertainment"history department faculty of 30 FREE boards, to councils in the respecprofessors and an enrollment of NEW CATALOG in their "econtive academic areas—without dis- 3,000 students

turbing the old central forms, omyflight"large classes is not Send for the latest FREE catalog including the campus newspaper. easy to organize, especially outlisting all films now available.

The dean of each college and side the classroom and beyond the Write to:

chairmen of the large departments schedule. But at least it is being Educational Media Services

have all been requested to develop considered and attempted on some HeraldBrighamR.YoungClark BuildingUniversity,

joint facultystudent councils for large campuses. o Provo, Utah 84601

November 1969 115 A NewLook at the Pearl ofG reat Rice

Setting the Stage - TheWorld ofAbraham (Part 9- Continued)

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

The Procrustes Cycle: A number of Heracles, who shall serve us here as accepted the challenge to duel with the

legends fit Abraham snugly into the an example. Heracles was a wanderwicked King Cacus, slew him on the

peculiar category of Victims of Proing, suffering, conquering benefactor Great Altar (the Ara Maxima), married crustes. In the standard Procrustesof mankind who, like Abraham, wanthe queen, Acca Larentia, and so betype story, of which there are many, dered through the world meeting and came the father of the Romans. Ac-

a wandering hero and prince is enovercoming the enemies of the race cording to a later account, Cacus was tertained at the palace of a king who and in the process becoming the father an idol to whom the natives would tries to subject him to a sacrificial of many nations. After ridding Crete offer up their infant children—exactly

death, but whose attempt fails when of bears, wolves, and serpents, he went in the manner of the Phoenicians and the hero at the last moment is miracuto Libya, where the tyrant King the Chaldeans of Abraham's Ur! 100

lously freed and repays his host's inAntaeus, the son of Mother Earth and While he was at it, he also killed hospitality by putting either him or Poseidon the watergod, would force Faunus, "whose custom was to sacrihis priest to death. Among the most all strangers to wrestle with him, murfice strangers at the altar of his father

celebrated monsters of the Procrustes der them in the contest, and nail their Hermes,"marrying the royal widow to persuasion are Minos, Philomeleides, skulls to the roof of the temple of his become the father of the Latin race.

Amycus, Cycnus, Syleus, Antaeus, father. (Graves, II, 134, 14647.) (Graves, II, 137.) He then reformed

Phalarus, Cronus, Lityerses, Faunus, Heracles, accepting the challenge, the Cronian yearrites by supplanting

Cacus, Athamus, Proteus, Polyphemus, killed Antaeus and turned his desolate the throwing of human victims into

Eurytheus, Sciron, and many others, the kingdom into a blooming paradise. the river by the use of puppet substimost famous of all being Busiris of Then he moved on to Egypt where tutes. (Graves, foe. cit.) At Celaenae,

Egypt. Antaeus's brother Busiris was king; Lityerses, the son of Minos, would

Among the heroes who met and every year, to combat the force of force his guests to compete with him in bested them are Odysseus, Pollux, drought in his kingdom, he would reaping, whip and behead them at

Menelaeus, Paris, Hermes, Jason, Belsacrifice a noble stranger on the altar sunset, and bind them up in a sheaf lerophon, Cytisorus, etc. The reader of Zeus. 104 Heracles, as we have seen, while singing a dirge for them; Heracan look them all up in PaulyWissowa allowed himself to be led to the altar, cles beat the king in the reaping game,

or a good Classical dictionary, preferand at the last moment burst his bonds cut off his head with his sickle, and ably Robert Graves's The Greek Myths, and murdered the cruel king or, in threw him into the river. (Graves, II,

which pays special attention to such some versions, his priest. 305 That labor 164.) The beheading, the dirge,

sordid goings on and shows us time performed, the hero went to Gaul, the whipping, and the throwing into and again that the terrible doings we "where he abolished a barbaric native the river are all important in the hear about in the Abraham legends custom of killing strangers, and Egyptian rites for Osiris, and remind actually could have taken place. founded 'Alesia,'of 'Wanderingus that Maneros, the son and successor

The greatest hero of this cycle is town.'"(Graves, II, 135.) In Italy he of the first king of Egypt, also died in

116 Improvement Era such a harvest rite. At Itonus Heracles Heracles put an end to it in the manhe debunked the whole story. 114 Dioslew King Cycnus, who forced his ner described, killing, according to dorus, more cautious, says that the

guests to duel with him for a chariot Apollodorus, not only the king but his story is probably Greek propaganda, and decorated his father's temple with son as well and the priest or "herald"spitefully circulated against Busiris their heads. (Graves, II, 197.) And he Chalbes—with a good Canaanitish when he closed Egyptian ports to Greek

tore up the vineyards of the Lydian name. Names and details differ in merchants in his desire to protect the

King Syleus, who used to make passing various versions of the story, indicatcult of Osiris. He admits, however,

strangers toil amid the vines. (Graves, ing that in the case of Apollodorus, that the tale does reflect the notorious

II, 164.) Here we should note that it who came along and tidied things up hostility of the Egyptians to strangers

was actually the custom in ancient in the end, the name of Heracles was unless they were scholars of world

Asia Minor and Syria to seize and kill used as it often was as a convenient reputation, such as Orpheus, Homer, strangers in the vineyards during the catchall to avoid serious and laborious Pythagoras, and Solon. 115 At any rate,

vintage season. (Graves, II, 164, 167.) historical research. Ovid, a much "the cruel altar of Busiris"remained

These few examples are enough to earlier writer, says that the seer who proverbial. 110

give one the idea. The noble Theseus advised the king and suffered death at The oldest and bestinformed Greek

got the best of Minos, the halfhuman his hands was a Thracian, and Hyginus commentators were quite aware that monster who meant to murder his royal reports that he was the nephew of the Busiris was a place rather than a perguest, and on his wanderings accepted king of the Phoenicians. 100 Pherecydes, son, though it could be both. To

wrestle—andKing Sciron'sthrewroutinehim challengeinto the sea.to athatcontemporaryafter Heraclesof Lehi,had restoredreports onlyferEratosthenestion that "hostilityis attributedto strangersthe observais a

And it was Theseus who finally settled tility to the land of Libya by slaying common barbarian trait, which is also the score with Procrustes himself; one Antaeus, he went straight to Memphis found among the Egyptians: stories

can read all about that sort of thing in "and there sacrificed Antaeus's equally told in the Busirite nome about Busiris

Marie Renault's The King Must Die wicked brother, Busiris, on the same are a criticism of that inhospitality."117

and The Bull From the Sea. Sciron's altar on which he was accustomed to Herodotus (II, 59) reports that in his

father was Cronus, the Cretan killer, sacrifice strangers to Zeus."110 What all day the main temple of Isis in all the

who used to eat his guests; and his sources agree on is the real essential, world stood in Busiris, which with

neighbor was the king of the Bebryces and that is that once long ago an Bubastis formed the nucleus of Egypon the Black Sea, who also murdered illustrious stranger and seer visited tian cultlife. Indeed, since prehistoric

his guests. King Philomeleides comthe court of Pharaoh at his invitation times Osiris was known as "the Lord

pelled all his guests to wrestle with and that the king tried to put him to of Busiris,"and it was from there that him until the wandering Odysseus redeath; in one case at least he suchis rites spread to the other cult centers

tired him, as did the wandering waterceeded, but in the most famous story of Egypt, notably Abydos. I.E.S. Edgod Pollux to King Amycus, who of all the stranger, whoever it was, wards even suggests that Osiris was

forced every visitor to box with him got the best of the affair. We can probably a real king, "first the king

and threw them all into the sea, where neither accept nor reject the stories as and then the local god of the 9th he finally ended up himself. Menelaus they stand, for they are plainly conLower Egyptian nome, with its capital

suffered the cruel hospitality of the ditioned by the memory of definite at Busiris"; 118 while H. Frankfort held

Old Man of the Sea, as Odysseus did ritual practices, which were themselves that "Busiris was the tomb of some of the Cyclops (another son of Poseivery real and sometimes very important forgotten king."110 Every dead Egyptian

don), until each was able to turn the historic events. Abraham in the Book needed to take a ritual journey to

tables and force his host to help him of Abraham emphatically tells us in Busiris, to "appear there as the dead on his way. And so on and on. Long the first chapter that the fate planned King Osiris,"his presence in the place

ago G. Lefebure noticed the kinship for him by the priest of Pharaoh was qualifying him as "an Osiris."120 The

of these stories to the tale of the Egypone that had been suffered by others place was named, according to Sethe, before the after its by was means Busiris, divinity, no localtian most was Heracles's and was even who him—he

last, possibly victim. first, nor the disuch cult host. 107 older as a Heliopolis Because he ties in center thanfamous

rectly with the Abraham legends, The picture is a complicated one. itself.121 In the Pyramid Texts the kingBusiris deserves a little more attention. In ancient times the name of Busiris comes to Busiris for rites of human

"Who does not know about the inwas a byword for cruelty and insacrifice, 122 and a Nineteenth Dynasty famous altars of Busiris?"which were hospitality. The Emperor Maximin was monument has the same rites still

proverbial among the ancients. 108 A so cruel, we are told, "that people celebrated in Busiris. 123 Edwards bewhole string of Classical writers from called him Cyclops, Busiris, Sciron, lieves that the yearly passion play of

the fifth century B.C. to the sixth cenFalaris, and Typhon."111 It is inter-, Osiris was performed at Busiris as

tury a.d., a full thousand years, recsting to see the name of Typhon, the early as the First Dynasty. 121 "I am

count the lurid tale with the normal slayer of Osiris, added to this list of enduring in Busiris, conceived in and expected variations. As Apollodorus authentic "Procrustean"heroes. AnBusiris, born in Busiris,"boasts King

tells it (II, 5, 11, 11617), Busiris was other emperor is accused of reviving the Tutakhamon, reminding us that Busidesperate when his kingdom was afbloody altars of Busiris "in rites more ris is preeminently the place of the flicted by a severe drought and famine, savage than sacred."112 Busiris was relion-couch. 125 When Heliopolis took

for the king, as everyone knows, was membered as one who sacrificed subover the ancient cult of Busiris under directly responsible for the prosperity stitutes to pay for his sins: "It was he the guidance of the great Imhoptep, it

of the land. The seer Phrasius came who would propitiate for his crimes by supplanted the human sacrifice by the

from Cyprus and told the king that making the gods participants in the use of substitutes, thus leaving Busiris the dearth would end if a stranger were blood ofinnocent guests."113 While the distinction, which it retained right

sacrificed annually, and Busiris obsome go so far as to accuse Busiris of down into the Middle Ages, of being liged the visiting prophet by making cannibalism, Isocrates in the fifth centhe right and proper place for human him his first victim. Thereafter the tury b.c. caused a sensation by an sacrifices. 120

sacrifice was repeated annually until oration in praise of Busiris, in which Our Hospitality: When Abraham

November 1969 117 went forth into a starving world, he had the most ingenious tricks for calmly ignoring the needs of the living.

found the people understandably getting money out of them. 131 "They were dwelling in security withtouchy and dangerous: "... and they When Abraham's servant tried to out care and at ease, without fear of

persecuted Abraham our father when help a poor man who had been robbed war... sated with all the produce of

he was a stranger, and they vexed his and was being beaten up by a gang in the earth, but they did not strengthen flocks"as well as his servants, "and Sodom, he was attacked by the mob, the hand... of the needy or the poor,

thus they did to all strangers, taking arrested, and dragged into court, where and it is said, 'Behold, this was the away their wives by force, and they he was fined the price of bloodletting iniquity of thy sister Sodom."143

banished them. But the wrath of the as a perfectly legitimate physician's That this emphasis on wealth and

Lord came upon them...."This is the fee. 132 For like the Nephites under the status was the real wickedness of

Testament of Levi (6:9) speaking of Gadianton administration, these people Sodom and Gomorrah is attested by

Abraham in Shechem. But he found were careful to keep everything legal: both the Bible and the Pearl of Great

the same hostility elsewhere, that thus they would pay a merchant good Price, the latter holding up as a lesson worldwide cruelty and inhospitality prices for his goods but refuse to sell in contrast the world in which the which is best represented by the him any food, and when he starved to Patriarchs lived—"there were wars

notorious Procrustes and especially by death would piously confiscate all of and bloodshed among them"—and the

Abraham's own stomping grounds, his wares and his wealth.133 Of course, Zion which they sought: "And the

Sodom and Gomorrah. "the richer a man was the more favored Lord called his people Zion, because

The Bible tells us that the Jordan he was before the law,"for it was they were of one heart and one mind, depression was a veritable paradise wicked to encourage idleness by helpand dwelt in righteousness; and there

when Abraham first visited it, "being the poor: 134 "Anyone helping the was no poor among them."(Moses

fore the Lord destroyed Sodom and poor in Sodom got thrown into the 7:16, 18.) In the Old Testament, the

Gomorrah."(Gen. 13:10.) It is not river."135 There are lurid tales of one time in his life when Abraham

surprising that "the men of Sodom tenderhearted virgins, including Lot's refuses to deal with one who makes were wealthy and prosperous people, on daughter Pilatith, who suffered terrible him an offer is when he coldly turns account of the good and fruitful land punishment when they were caught down the King of Sodom: It was after

whereon they dwelt. For it supplied secretly helping the poor. 136 It was one his victory over the marauding chiefs

them with every earthly need of of these episodes, according to the Midof the East that Abraham willingly acman."127 Nor is it very surprising that rash, that finally decided God to decepted whatever the grateful King of

"they did not trust in the shadow of stroy the city. 137 Just south of Sodom Salem offered him as a reward, freely

their Creator, but in the multitude of was the great plain (Olishem?) where exchanging gifts and compliments with

their wealth they trusted, for wealth the licentious yearly rites were held; "the King of Righteousness"; but he

thrusts aside its owners from the fear in these all strangers were required by absolutely refused to take anything of heaven."127 Here Rabbi Eliezer law to participate, and during the whatever from the fawning King of

seems to be quoting the same sources fourday celebration they were effiSodom, whose goods he'had also as Samuel the Lamanite was, both ciently relieved of everything they rescued: "I have raised my hand to men being diligent students of the old owned 138—the great pilgrimage centers Jehovah ElElyon,"that he would not'

Jewish writings; and he seems to be of the Old World were understandably take so much as a shoestring from that

using the same source as King Benjathe worst places in the world for fleecking, "so that he can never say, 'I enmin as he continues: "They had no ing strangers, that being through the riched Abraham.'"(See Gen. 14:22f;

consideration for the honor of the real centuries the principal commercial Josephus, Ant. I, 179.) He knew his

owner of their wealth by distributing activity of the natives. Sodom and saw just what kind of a

food to the wayfarer... but they even It is not surprising that travelers deal the king wanted to make for himfenced all the trees on top above the and birds alike learned to avoid the self; and God applauded his wisdom

127 poor emigrated to other parts.130 Interham: I am thy shield...."(Gen. fruit,any—notso thateven notheonebirdselseof couldheaven."have rich cities of the Plain, while all the and reassured him: "Fear not, AbraThis was in the authentic Babylonian estingly enough, the records of Ugarit, 15:1.) When Abraham and Lot started

tradition, eyewitness accounts telling which some hold to be contemporary getting rich, their retainers took to how the people of Babylon "oppressed with Abraham, show that "the pracquarreling, whereupon Abraham, dethe weak, and gave him into the power tice of killing merchants was widetermined to avoid involvement in that of the strong. Inside the city was spread"in that part of the world, even sort of thing, told Lot that he was

tyranny, and receiving of bribes; every as the Amarna letters show us a world welcome to Sodom while he, Abraham,

day without fail they plundered each in which it is every man for himself.140 withdrew to a less prosperous region:

other's goods; the son cursed his father Having no love for the stranger, the "Let there be no strife,... for we be

in the street, the slave his master.... people of Abraham's homeland had brethren."(Gen. 13:6-8.) The rich

they put an end to offerings and eneven less to waste on each other, and cities of the Plain, where "they failed tered into conspiracies...."12S The finally there was so much crime and to serve the Lord by reason of the

people of Sodom and Gomorrah were murder among them that everything abundance of all things,"were no place not condemned for their ignorance of came to a complete standstill. 141 Being for Abraham.144

the God of Abraham but rather for grossly materialistic, they rated the Bed or Altar? The most famous

their meanness, their immorality, and hardware high above the software: "If thing about Procrustes, as everyone

their greed;120 they were destroyed "be- a man was killed working on the Tower knows, was his bed, and it is this

cause they did not strengthen the hand he was ignored, but if a brick fell notorious item that ties his story very of the poor and heeded not the they sat down and wept. Abraham closely to the Abraham cycle. The

needy."130 For them everything existed seeing this cursed them in the name of story goes that when Abraham's servant

for the sole purpose of being turned his God."142 One cannot help thinking Eliezer, being the exact image of his

into cash: they put a toll on all their of the church builders in Mormon master and serving as his proxy in the

bridges, with a double toll for wading; 8:37 and 39, who adorn themselves most important negotiations, once

they charged visitors for everything and "with that which hath no life"while visited Lot and Sodom on business for

118 Improvement Era Abraham, he was entertained by an innkeeper whose unauthorized hospitality (which would, of course, encourage vagrancy!) got him banished from the

town, while Eliezer himself was seized and taken to the marketplace to be thrown down on a very special kind of bed. All the cities of the Plain, we

are told, had such beds: the judges of

the other cities, Sharqar of Gomorrah,

Zabnak of Admah, and Manon of Zeboiim, had all taken counsel together and advised their people "to set /up beds on their commons. When a

stranger arrived, three men seized him by his head, and three by his feet, andthey forced him upon one of those -">>||pSa Harold Lundstrom beds. There they stretched or conto violentlytracted him make him

He's the Deseret News'Music Man. His bed, saying of the lengthfit the exact

is pages the editorial on column to daily so, willas done did 'Thus they be "145 reviews land.'to His complete. that current our comesany and man

Beer, commenting on this, notes that of performances, concerts and shows are epithetProcrustes's Damastes means

Violater,"that candid and meaningful. He makes music or "the"the Forcer,"

being, according to him, also the root interesting even for monotones.

meaning of the word Sodom! 140

So here is an authentic "Procrustes"story in which the victim on the bed DESERET is none other than Abraham's double.There is another "Procrustes"story of NEWS

how the same Eliezer, again looking exactly like Abraham, came to the house of King Bethuel of Haran, where "they tried to kill him with cunning,"the king arranging for poison dishes to be served Eliezer at a banquet in his honor; but "it was ordained by God

that the dish intended for him should come to a stand in front of Bethuel,who ate it and died,"the victim of his GREAT own treachery. 147 What is behind these

many stories of the strangely inhosim- kings?pitable bed is an The WHEAT FOODS

noticed Professor Lefebureportant clue.

when he was studying the Busiristradition that the inhospitable kings FOR STORAGE & DAILY USE specialized in strange and ingenious contraptions for putting their noble guests to death, such as bronze bulls or giant braziers.148 The altar of

Busiris was held to be a fiendish invention of that ingenious monarch, and no ordinary altar. 149 R. Graves notes

that the bed of Procrustes itself must really have been a special kind of altar, and he compares it to the bed to which

Sampson was tied (another sunhero like Heracles) by his unhospitable

Philistines. 150 In view of such things,

somebody should someday give serious consideration to Abraham's strange inthat of in sistence the Book Abraham sacrificed he the altar was which on reDelicious Hot Bulgur Wheat ilnote a special a special and quired Cereal for pilaf, after lustration, the form being "made of a bedstead, such as was had among Great for Cookies, too! stuffings & cereal.

the Chaldeans... and that you may

have a knowledge of this altar, I will For additional recipes, write to:

FISHER'S, Box 3784, Seattle, Washington 98124

November 1969 119 refer you to the representation...."his time, for in IV Maccabees (9:26 and was "a refugee, a displaced person."168

(Abr. 1:13, 12.) For the interesting fact ll:9f), we read of the heroic widow's The famous formula "Lekh lekha"

is that all the Jewish legends of the sons being put to death by a Nimrod- (Gen. 12:1) is a double imperative, acattempted sacrifice of Abraham make type tyrant, two of them being tied to cording to the Rabbis, telling Abraham

special mention of the peculiar altar catapults while a third (11:20) is cast to get going and keep moving, from

employed, each one describing and exinto a redhot brazier. Another much one land to another (Midr. Rab. 39:8).

plaining it in a different way. older source than Tha'labi has the His whole career, as Martin Buber puts

Some of the oldest accounts mention king plan to hurl Abraham into an it, was "an evernew separation from the unusual altar while not attemptimmense brazier. 100 This suggests certhe world and from his own people;

ing to describe it beyond saying that it tain Egyptian practices,161 as well as this entire history is a consequence of was a binyan (Heb.) or bunyan (Ar.), the addressing of the royal victim in choices and partings...."10

i.e., a "structure"or "contraption."151 Coffin Text, No. 135 (de Buck, II, If constant travel was one of the ten

But why not an ordinary altar? All 160) as "Thou who art raised upon the trials of Abraham, jeopardizing his

kinds of explanations are given. For scaffold!"family, fortune, and reputation (Midr.

one thing, nothing less than a superAccording to the 'Antar legend, NimRab. 39:11), travel in dangerous and

holocaust will do for Abraham; so the rod had an iron oven for his victims. 102 hostile regions was a horror: such was

king sends a thousand camels for wood, Just after Facsimile No. 1 was pubthe curse placed upon the Wandering

and when "he had dug a pit on a hill lished, Joseph Smith wrote: "But if Jew for his meanness and want of

(?), and trees thrown upon it, and we believe in present revelation, as hospitable feeling.170 The Zohar has

spread everything that the camels carpublished in the 'Times and Seasons'an interesting psychological note on ried, and set it on fire,"the rites were last spring, Abraham, the prophet of the state of Abraham's world: It is

underway.152 Others explain that it the Lord, was laid upon the iron bedwhen things are going badly that Satan

was not the altar itself that was the stead for slaughter."163 Turning to that loves to spread his accusations abroad,

"structure,"but a wooden tower that issue (March 15, 1842) of the Times "for this is the way of Satan to bring the king had erected near his palace and Seasons, however, one finds no accusations against him on high...

so that he could watch Abraham in mention whatever of any iron bedstead, reserving his indictment for the hour the fire.153 This might easily be a conand so one naturally assumes that the of danger, or for a time when the

tamination of one of the wellknown word "bedstead"suggested to the world is in distress"—then hysteria

towerbuilding stories about Nimrod, Prophet the image of a standard iron adds fuel to the fires of destruction.

such as the one in which he challenges bedstead. Still, it is interesting that by In such times even the righteous have

Abraham to a duel as he comes out of far the fullest parallel to the story of no guarantee of security, for while "the the fire and builds a tower to give him Abraham on the altar is a very early Holy One does not punish the guilty an advantage against the God of account preserved in the EastSyrian until the measure of their guilt is full"heaven. 154 In the story of the sacrifice Christian Church in the very place (Zohar, I, Vayera 113a), when that

of Isaac, too, the piling up of the wood where the event was supposed to have time comes, look out! "When punishis an important detail; though the taken place, in which the hero, by a ment overtakes the world a man should

wood is never ignited and the instrufamiliar transposition, is changed into not let himself be found abroad, since ment of sacrifice is really a knife, still St. Elias, who is bound on a bed of the executioner does not distinguish bethe woodpile-altar grows in the iron that is heated for three hours. 164 tween the innocent and the guilty."171

legends until it becomes a huge tower, In the most inhospitable of worlds, "built straight up towards the heavenly Abraham the Friend of Man Abraham was the most hospitable of throne of divine majesty."155 It was Abraham the Hospitable: The hismen. It was said that Charity was

after the attempted sacrifice had failed, tory of Abraham is a story of contrasts asleep in the world, and Abraham we recall, that Abraham in the rites and extremes. If meanness and inhospiawakened it. 172 Even before he went

in the Plain of Safeh near Sodom was tality reach an alltime high in Sodom to Canaan, he held continual open invited to sit atop a high cedar tower and Gomorrah, Abraham holds the house near Haran, to try to counteract or altar (benrah) and be hailed as record for charity and compassion. The the evil practices of the time. 173 Then

king. 150 contrast is an intentional one and a when he was forced to move, he dug

The superbonfire, "30 ells high and mark of authentic Abrahamic literawells and planted trees along his way, 30 ells broad,"raised bothersome questure. 165 The supreme example of such leaving blessings for those he would

tions: How, for example, could you put "coincidence of opposites"is found in never see. 174 Arriving and settling in

Abraham into it without getting burned the Pearl of Great Price, where, in Hebron, he built a garden and grove up yourself? Since the victim had to Moses 7:36, over against the City of and put gates on each of the four sides

have his blood shed by the knife beEnoch, the height of human perfection of it as a. welcome to strangers from

fore his remains could be committed to in this world, is set the most depraved all directions, "so that if a traveller the flames, it would not do simply to society in all the universe: "... and came to Abraham he entered any gate

light the wood and run; it was only among all the workmanship of mine which was in his road, and remained

when the sacrificial blade proved hands there has not been so great there and ate and drank... for the

totally ineffectual that Satan appeared wickedness as among thy brethren."house of Abraham was always open

and suggested a solution to the problem, In Abraham's day the world was in a to the sons of men that passed and rewhich was to throw the victim from desperate state, ripe for destruction. 100 passed, who came daily to eat and

the altar to the fire from a safe disAnd Abraham's own society was the drink in the house of Abraham."175 He

tance. 157 This explanation converted wickedest: "If a man was very cruel,"also operated a school at the place,

the altar into a sort of catapult or says the Midrash Rabbah (41), "he that none might want for spiritual ballista. 158 Schuetzinger says that the was called an Amorite."For the Patrifood: "Abraham's house was a lodgingfirst mention of the catapult is in archs, as Theodore Boehl notes, the place for the hungry and thirsty and

Tha'labi, 159 but the account of that future was grim—and none had better also a place of instruction where

learned Persian has Jewish predecessors cause to know it than Abraham. 107 By knowledge of God and his Law were

at least a thousand years older than very definition "Abraham the Hebrew"taught."176 When his guests thanked

120 Improvement Era It's FUNDraising season... with

him, he said, in the words of King

Benjamin (an ardent student of early The next few months offer the greatJewish traditions), "Do not thank me; est potential for fundraising with

rather return thanks to your host, He fine candy. Priesthood Quorums, auxwho alone provides food and drink for iliaries, scouts, seminaries, church FINE

all creatures."177 groups and clubs raise money for CHOCOLATES

Inspired by the noble example and their worthwhile activities by selling delightful the most candy triedteaching his uncle, of to Lot in the creations world of kindoperate the same he inn when Maxfield's. Famous

settled near Sodom, but he was soon chocolates and reported to the authorities and had to Pecan Logs.

his secretly at night, 178operate while daughters practiced their charities with great stealth and suffered severe penalties when they were caught. Abraham's

continued hospitality nearby was resented by the people of the Plain as a standing rebuke to their own sensible practices.179

Not content to admit the weary wanderer at all hours to his pleasant \tk* Yes I am interested in Maxfield's fundraising grove and board, Abraham in those program for all occasions. Please send me more

information.dangerous times used to undertake I

searchand-rescue missions in the desName I ert. It was at noon of a phenomenally Title I

hot day when "the entire earth was being consumed with unbearable solar I Address heat"(Beer), as if "God had pierced City State.

a of hole midst in the and Gehinnom, CANDY COMPANY.. hot, like of MAXFIELD the the day day made

P.O. Box 554, Salt Utah 84110 Lake City,

ifthe. wicked,"180 or as caused he had

the sun to emerge from its protecting sheath, depriving the earth of its normal defense against deadly rays,181 that Abraham, suffering terribly from illness, had his faithful Eliezer go out and search the byways for any lost "PUT A BANKER IN YOUR FAMILY"wanderers. Eliezer couldn't find a

soul, which was no wonder on such a day; but Abraham still felt uneasy—it

was just possible that somebody mightbe out there needing his help. So the ARE YOU

old man went forth all alone to search in that dusty inferno. For that supremeact of involvement he received his suOVER 65?preme reward—the son he had always

prayed for. For as he was returningfrom his mission of mercy, still alone, CHECKING ACCOUNTS

he was he at met by three men, whom WITHOUT CHARGEfirst, tradiaccording ancient to a very tion, took to be Arabs.182 Joyfully he

led his tent, them to he where soon discovered of were: they "Lord the A Spec/a/ Service For Our Older Friends who

Universe!"he cried, as he served them Granite National Bank now provides checking account convenience

with food. "Is it the order of the without cost to our friends 65 years of age and over. No minimum

sit that I shouldcosmos while size. you balance necessary to no limit by we'M Bank mail, and -—183stand?"that it was Abraham Then

it. Tell friends relatives both ways. pay the postage your and about

desirereceived of his the heart (Gen.

18:9-14), and the commendation of his

good works: "Thou hast done well to

leave thy doors open for the wanderer and the homejourneyer and the stranger,"nay, were it not for men like Abraham, "I would not have bothered to create the heaven, earth,sun, and moon."183 rartte

There is a story of how Abraham, to NATIONAL BANK see kind what of a wife Ishmael, his 2265 HIGHLAND DRIVEson, visited had got, in the his camp

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 PHONE 4862101

November 1969 121 desert as a simple wandering old man; wicked generation,"without waiting "I have had enough!"but only "Thine

Isaac was away at the time, and his for others to show him the way. (Ibid., is the power."195 "Abraham,"says

wife turned the old tramp away. Abra76b.) A wonderful illustration of this First Maccabees 2:52, "was accounted

ham left a message with her, however, principle is set forth in the newly found righteous only after he had been found by the cryptic wording of which Isaac 1831/2 account of Joseph Smith's first true and faithful by passing through knew who had been there—and advised vision, in which he recounts how for many testings."He was chosen, says

him to get another wife. Three years three years he sought diligently for the Midrash, only after God saw that

later Abraham visited the camp under something that apparently interested he would follow him through the greatthe same circumstances and was shown nobody else, and finally "I cried unto est tribulations. (Midr. Rab. Ps. 18:25.)

kindness by the second wife, with the Lord for mercy, for there was none If Joseph Smith had based the Book of whom he left another message for else to whom I could go... and the Abraham on his own experiences, one

Isaac, commending her worth.184 A Lord heard my cry in the wildermight account in part for the astonmore famous story tells how when God ness."100 This was exactly the case with ishing parallels between the situation

sent Michael to fetch Abraham back to the young Abraham, who at an early in which the two prophets found themhis presence at the end of his life, the age angered his father by questioning selves and their uncompromising and

Patriarch was still his old hospitable all the values and beliefs of his epochmaking behavior in that situaaccount; they Smith's his generations from Joseph the be For world death had moved itself—to—representingself, kindly inviting the dread stranger society. 191 tion. But our parallels do not come

studies the the since farther farther ever and commencome from and fromguest. 185 Ever God, then, when

world is in an evil way, the angels say until by Abraham's time it had betaries of Jewish scholars: it is their

to God: "The highways lie waste, the come what the Pearl of Great Price Abraham who seems to be almost a

wayfaring man ceaseth, he hath broken describes as the worst of all worlds. 192 carbon copy of Joseph Smith.

the covenant. Where is the reward of Then Abraham singlehandedly reDoing the Right Thing: The wonAbraham, he who took the wayfarers versed the trend: "The Shechinah derful thing about Abraham is that he

into his house?"186 [Spirit of God] came to earth at the always does the right thing, whether

Let It Begin With Me: Students of Creation, but through human sin reanybody else does or not. He had to

Abraham's life are impressed by.the moved itself farther and farther from get along with all sorts of people, most

way in which he seems to start from the earth. Then Abraham... brought of them rascals, and he treats them all

scratch: with all the world going in it down again."193 He was, says the with equal courtesy—he never judges

one direction, he steadily pursues his Midrash, like a man who saw a buildany man. After Pharaoh had tried to

course in the opposite direction. ing all on fire and no one willing to put him to death, and after he had

Granted that the tradition of the put out a hand to save it: "He said, 'Is taken his wife away from him, Abrafathers, of which the Book of Abraham it possible that the world can be withham could still not refuse his old

speaks so eloquently, was still known, out a guide?'"(Midr. Rab. Gen. enemy in his need, and laid his hand

yet his own father and grandfather 39:1.) So he did the only thing he upon his head and healed him. He

had lost faith in it and departed from could do and, exactly like Joseph performed the same healing office for it. "Ten generations from Noah to Smith, appealed directly to God at an the King of the Philistines, who would

Abraham... and there was not orie early age—it was he who made the also steal Sarah, and God recognized

of them that walked in the ways of the first move, according to Abraham 2:12: his greatheartedness and approved it:

Holy One until Abraham our father,""Thy servant has sought thee earnest- "On the day that Abraham assured says Rabbi Nathan, who asks where, ly; now I have found thee."the increase of the house of Abimelech,

then, did Abraham get the idea of This independence of mind got both the angels asked God that Abraham's starting things moving?187 The comprophets into trouble from the beginown house might increase."196 He was

monselftaught—"Godexplanation thatappointedAbrahamthe wastwo ning.and sent"Theout.manHeAbramis broughtis singledoutout,of the"the friendFriendofofman.God""WhenbecauseAbrahamhe was

reinsteachers"—-stillof Abrahamdoes notto makeact ashimtwoa ownthe worldway. of.. peoples."19i Theandtrialsmustofgobothhis wentsays theto GodMidrashwith a petition(Ps. 18:22),for mercy,""God

privileged character, for all men have men begin immediately. What drives met him with mercy.... When Abrathe same promptings of the Spirit if Abraham is set forth at the beginning ham went to the Holy One in singlethey will only listen to them: "... of his story with great clarity and ness of heart, God met him with

for charity also was asleep, and he power: first of all, he is frankly seeksingleness of heart... with subtlety,

roused it."188 The power was there, ing "greater happiness and peace and God met him with subtlety; when

but it lay dormant from neglect: rest for me"; he wants to be more Abraham asked to be guided in his do-

"When all the inhabitants of the earth righteous, to possess greater knowledge ings, God guided him in his doings."

had been led astray in their own than he has, to be a father of nations, Never, says Maimonides, did Abraham pride and selfsufficiency, Abraham a prince of peace, receiving and folever say to any man "God sent me to still believed on me... and so I made lowing divine instruction, to become you and commanded me to do [or not

a covenant with him."189 Abraham re- "a rightful heir, a High Priest, holding do] so and so!"197 for he knew that

ceived his covenant only after he had the right belonging to the fathers."the priesthood operates "only by permade the first move. Speaking of him, (Abr. 1:2.) In short, he wants happisuasion, by longsuffering, by gentlethe Zohar says, "the prophetic spirit ness, peace, rest, righteousness, knowlness and meekness..."(D&C 121:41)

rests upon man only when he has first edge, and light, and he wants to be it may command the elements and the bestirred himself to receive it."(Lech able to hand them on to others—to his spirits, "but never force the human

Lecha 77b.) Again, "the stirring below own progeny and to all the world. The mind.""Let there be no strife, I pray

is accompanied by a stirring above, for world is not interested in such things, thee, between me and thee,"he says there is no stirring above till there is but Abraham was willing to pay any to Lot; "... if thou wilt take the left

a stirring below."(Ibid., 88a.) But price for them. The Midrash comhand, then I will go to the right; or

who was to start the stirring? It was pares him to a son being soundly... the right hand, then I will go to

Abraham's unique merit, "that he loved beaten by his loving father again and the left."(Gen. 13:8-9.) So Lot helped

righteousness in a hardhearted and again, but never saying to his father, himself to the best land and as a re122 Improvement Era suit soon got an ot his property carried away by raiders. Instead of saying "I

told you so,"Abraham got it back for him. He could have made a very good

thing of this for himself when the

King of Sodom, whose goods he had also rescued, came fawning to him ("wagging his tail,"as the Midrash

Rab. Gen. 43:5, puts it) and trying

to win him with flattery, but without denouncing the wicked king, he simply turned down his offer. 198 (Gen.

14:20ff.) "If Abraham does not play fair, who will?"says the proverb. (Midr. Rab.

Gen. 41:9.) His passion for fair play

breaks all the records in his pleading for the wicked cities of Sodom and

Gomorrah, to whom he owed nothing but trouble. He knew all about their

awful wickedness, but still, Josephus observes, "he felt sorry for them, because they were his friends and neighbors."109 He appealed directly to the

Lord's sense of fairness: "Wilt thou

also destroy the righteous with the wicked?"(Gen. 18:23.) The impressive

thing is the way in which Abraham is willing to abase himself to get the best possible terms for the wicked cities, risking sorely offending the Deity by questioning his justice: "... far [be it]

from thee... to slay the righteous with

the wicked:... Shall not the Judge of

all the earth do right? (Gen. 18:25.)

... Behold now, I have taken upon me

to speak unto the Lord, which am but dust and ashes (18:27).... Oh let not

the Lord be angry, and I will speak (18:30).... now, I have taken upon

me to speak unto the Lord (18:31)....

Oh let not the Lord be angry, and I will speak yet but this once (18:31)."It

was not an easy thing to do—especially

for the most degenerate society on earth. It can be matched only by

Mormon's great love for a people whom he describes as utterly and hopelessly corrupt, or by the charity of Enoch,

Abraham's great predecessor: "Enoch

... looked upon their wickedness, and

their misery, and wept and stretched forth his arms, and his heart swelled wide as eternity...,"and declared

"I will refuse to be comforted"until

God promised to have compassion on the earth. (Moses 7:41, 44, 49f.)

Abraham learned compassion both by being an outcast himself and by special instruction, regarding which there are some interesting stories.

When Melchizedek was instructing him in the mysteries of the priesthood, he told him that Noah and his people Produced by were permitted to survive in the ark "because they practiced charity."On EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES

since asked, Abraham whom? they BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY animals, in the ark. were alone On the

was the answer, since they were conAVAILABLE THROUGH YOUR LOCAL LDS DEALER stantly concerned with their comfort or from Educational Media Services, Brigham Young University,

Provo, Utah 84601

November 1969 123 FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS

"CORONA"GRAIN MILL SALT!ZLAKE CJVICOTTONWOOD OGDENI

for use with and welfare. 200 Again, Abraham once

wheat, corn, nuts, beheld a great vision (described also etc. Easily adjusts of all in of the the Book Abraham)

for fine or coarse doings to of the race come; human grinding. 1 CTSP New

appalled mill finer what he saw model with had him—he

grinding plates $10.95 never so could dreamed be that men

postpaid. of East in a passionate outburst bad, and he Rockies $1.00 add

postage. Finer grinding asked God why he did not destroy the

plates for old 1 C wicked at once. The answer humbled

mill set postpaid. $1.95 sinner, "I defer of the death the him: tax sales in Utah. Add 4V2% 201 live!"possibly repent and who might "Special"prices quantity to church groups.

When Abraham saw with prophetic inHOME SIZE STONE GROUND sight the crimes that Ishmael would

FLOUR MILLS commit against him and his house, he was about to turn the youth out into the desert, but the voice of God rebuked him: "Thou canst not punish

Ishmael or any man for a crime he has not yet committed!"202 He learned by

precept and experience that men are judged by God not as groups but as individuals. 203

But Abraham's most famous lesson in tolerance was a favorite story of Benjamin Franklin, which has been traced back as far as a thirteenth century

Arabic writer and may be much older.204 The prologue to the story is

the visit of three angels to Abraham, for asked charged he him what who

Grind flour! your own price the meals; that the only was to better health with an. All..GrainEat yourflour waymill. l

visitor before "invoke the low new Now at name of God residents Canadian $3.00 additional M prices!add it praise are beginning and you when onto current postage amount. 205 Patrifinished."the But day one greatest selection

TWO PANT wouldarch entertainedpray neitheranbeforeold eatingman whonor

WOOL SHARKSKIN wasafter, a explainingfire worshiper.to AbrahamHis indignantthat he

SUITS host thereupon denied him further hospitality, and the old man went his designed and tailored way. But very soon the voice of the

expressly for missionaries Lord came to Abraham, saying: "I

have suffered him these hundred

BREAD MIXER Wisest choice for young men years, although he dishonored me; and

makes a bread batch for 1 to 4 loaves who need a perfect appearthou couldst not endure him one night,... $14.95 postpaid to you. ance—and miles of extra when he gave thee no trouble?"Overremorse, with Abraham whelmed of a strong wear! Tailored Utah residents add 4 l/2 % Sales Tax. after his rushed out brought guest and pair twoply wool with two

Send orders to: of pants 97.50 him back in honor: "Go thou and do

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. other models from 79.95 charitylikewise,"willendsbe rewardedthe story,by "andthe Godthy

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335 ZCMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores of Abraham."206 In the oldest version

of the story the Lord says, "Abraham!

For onehundred years the divine flowed bounty out to this has man. THE NEW LYNCO WHEAT MILL Is it for thy thee to withhold hand...

is not his worship because from him of is strongly IS AN ALL NEW IDEA thine?"reminded 207 One

Using patented grinding stones and a powerful electric the Nephite law, which declared it motor that will convert 5 pounds of wheat into cake flour "strictly contrary to the commands of in 5 minutes. God"to penalize one's neighbor if he

does not choose to believe in God.

FREE FROM DUST - (Al. 30:7.)

Once Abraham broke the ice, others

The Lynco Mill is an attractive, compact machine without a began to follow. Pharaoh returned his

bulky flour bag—can be operated with or without electric generosity by escorting him on his

power. way. 208 Abimelech loaded him with

Hittites fair his The matched Fully guaranteed for 5 years. gifts.

dealings with 209 "Again their own. and

LYNCO NATIONAL Box 15 Filer] Idaho 83328

124 Improvement Era MIA CHORAL FESTIVAL REPERTOIRE 1970 MIXED Now Let All the Heavens again,"writes J. S. Bloch, "it is comseeHOLefebure,Quoted inop. Lactantius,cit., p. 273.Div. inst., I, 121; Adore Thee—Bach.25

Prior,.25 8:5 ill are to Max. Historia Augusta, that Sing foregiveness alone thepassion and Lord—Vance

) ( Lampridius true trait of the Is family unfailingthe Lord The My Shepherdiri I, Patrum, Vitae Rufinus, ll2Claudian, 210 r. Aeg., h. p. 591). Fontes (Hopfner, Luzzato of 25456descendant Abraham.".30 Matthews

I, paganos, 11 113 adv. Hist. Orosius, (2). the of polarity human thediscussed Klein.30 the praises 114 high Isocrates, Busiris (9-10), Corners—out points "Atof Egypt, (15) standards and and moral "Abrahamism"race between.35 Perseus, before Busiris lived years that 200 Canon—BachSwingleCranberry elaboratticism,""Abrahamism with after him. generations four lived Heracles while.85 Fantastics

of Grif- I, 115 practice discussed Diodorus, by 69, 57, poetry and theing.30 cit., fiths, Windy op. 410f. pp. while tenderness, andcompassion turns lie to Ibid., Rufinus 411f; which pp..25 Be calcold, Busiris!"Claudian altars of kindly sarcasm: articulated man's'Atticism'Joyful—Glarum "O

I, Rufin., 25456. Choose to in approach selfcenteredculating, 1 Geog., XVII, HTStrabo, (802).

211 24. lis Pyramids, p. of S. disciple Abraham, The Edwards,life."A Star—ThompsonSomething Like a.45 the Gods, p. 119 Frankfort, Kingship and H.I. E. of the tract to a wellknownaccording ii, I, in Autran, Mel. 533; Maspero, C. 200; Hallelujah—Beethoven

in Jnl. Vol. Griffiths, Eg. Arch., 53, p. 187. can be distinguished by "a J. FromTalmud, The Mount of

Religion, 120 Ancient Egyptian pp. J. Cerny, soul, a lowly spirit,"humble eye, agood.30 Olives 105f.

are 121 marked den zu K. Sethe, the Kommentar world thewhile men of... PyraSSA

I, 91. a mindentexten, soul, eye, a evil proudby "an 122 Pyr. 966. Texts, 964, 477:962,

haughty spirit."212 "Man is only worthy 123 The monument of Mentuher-khepeshef, While We're Young.35

of his name, he is only 'really a man'p.G. 285.Lefebure, in Bibliotheque Egyptol., Vol. 36, Up, Up and Away.30

cit., 124 op. of p. 29. Edwards, acquired the virtues"if he has fully

125 Tut., Shrines Piankoff, p. 59. A. of TTBB is "It is only then that heAbraham. 126 Osiris, Vol. Kees, p. 212; Budge, 1,

cit., op. Sethe, Goetterglaube, 254; 249, 'lover of God,'called pp. of beingworthy Joyful Sound.25 Make a Buck, 80, Text 7879; (de Coffin 1, pp. 'Godfriend,'or like Abraham remains the crocodile and Vol.Vol. p. 155). 1, Hence Abide With Me 213 Busiris, in of Aeg. Kees, the ever Lord Suchos AbraYoung, Like BrighamDavid."

ham sought to benefit his fellows in Ztschr.,Coptos survivedVol. 58, aspp.a 88,sacrificial3132.godEvenat MinBusiris,of

236ff. 231f, Min, Gauthier, 234, as a back H. pp.practical young ways: man ffiefJso (29A.ii), quotEliezer, Ch. 25 R. 127Pirke a seeder inventedin he Mesopotamia Co. Music Zeera. ing w it 128 Babylonian as Lambert, G. seeds Wisdom the sowedthat covered R. W. up 2009 Box P. O. 5. Literature (Oxford, p. 1960), take them, birds could so not thethem, 129 24:2. of Apocalypse Abraham,

83401 FALLS, IDAHO cit., IDAHO op. great II, Ginzberg, 130 this Gorion, 223; "his for Bin becameand name

in all the land of the Chaldees."214 He Vol.p. 167.1, p. 248; Graves & Patai, Heb. Mythology,

apologized to the birds for driving them 131 Bin Gorion, II, 235: Ginzberg, op. cit.,

24546. often Vol. have would A underoff, amicable to an came and of the HIDRY SOAP HANGER at the mercy that put an "accident"1, pp. himvisitor 215

II, Gorion, 235. them, for he was kind townsmen, withstanding

to all living things: "No one who is II, 132235.Ginzberg, Vol. 1, p. 246; cf. bin Gorion,

cruel to any creature,"says an old 133 Ginzberg, loc. cit.

Gorion, Bin "canformula, ever be a descendant of 134135 Zohar, 105b.

216 II, 22023. 136 Ibid., 106b;I, VayerahII,bin 249.Gorion,Abraham."

Compassion is the keynote of Abra137138 BinIbid.,Gorion,II, 211f,II, 228.227.

ham's life and the teaching that makes 139 Zohar, I, Vayerah, 106a.

the Pearl of Great Price supremely 14:2140 (1963),A. Rainey,p. 19.Christian News From Israel,

2231; is haYashar, Sefer 141 Midr. Rab. to time. 329; relevant This most our own

24. Eliezer, Ch. P. 109a; R. Sanh. B. is the in affirmed unequivocally what (28B.i). 142 Eliezer, Ch. R. P. 24 into bar of any presses Cupshaped (29A.ii). 143 Ibid., Ch. of the book, passage 25 remarkablemost to magnet soap hangs cf. i, 28:47. 116a, 144 Dt. Vayerah Zohar hand soap—discthen is as himself he weepswhere God Beer, 145 24647; Vol. Ginzberg, 1, L. pp. COLORS the to 164. flood bring 41, the about upon pp.

in that the Iliad 146 Beer, 164, noting p. white, "... justice, earth. but peace, naught fate suffers the same Procrustes 386-9, XVI,

Stops waste pink, green,—endsblue,soapdishyellow, blackmess is of as thy the habitation Sodom. and truth

throne,"cries Enoch; "and mercy shall 148147 Ginzberg,G. Lefebure,I, in295.Biblio. Egyptol., Vol. 36, Special rates for fund raising

Hidry for one 274. face end; p. before $1.00 have thy no and go

I, Breviarium, 149 Eutropius, in Claudian, for threeHi-Dry's $2.50 it is canst Lord thou weep? Thehow (Hopfner, 16162 591). HiDry's for dozen one $7.20.. Vol. 1, p. 150 Graves, Greek Myths, R. of Eden,. in gave Thep. said the Garden

I unto man his agency; And unto thy 332.151 H. Schuetzinger, Ursp... der arab. BELLISTON PRODUCTS, INC.

brethren... commandment, that they Abr.-Nimrod Legenden, p. 36; Koran 37:95, 1175 Dan Street Ogden, Utah 84404

should love one another,... but be98.152 Falasha, Anthology, p. 27.

Legendes des 153 Origines Sidersky, affection, D. hold, and are without they IN STEREO Musulmans, their (Moses they hate own blood."Vol. 310. INDIAN 154 p.Encyclopedia,33. 9, p. RECORD Jewish ALBUMS

66. 155 Beer, of Original p. the Lamanites music 7:3133.) O 53:2- 7, 8; 42:4, Gen. Rabbah, l56Midrash 12 Son Songs Go My—

Eagle's the From 14 Songs Bed sources for—p. p. 157 47 Schuetzinger, 186; FOOTNOTES

for $4.50 2 each problem. the $8.50 on—

3443; Abraham, 158 Maase haYashar, Sefer II, 104 (11617). 5, 11 Apollodorus, Eagle Blue Records

I, 3243. haMidrasch, in Beth 65. 105 Hyginus, XXXI, University Station Box 330 cit., 128. 159 op. Schuetzinger, in T. Urbis, text totius 106 plenaria Descriptio

Vol. Juives, Provo, p.Etudes I. Utah 160 des Levi, in Rev. 84601 Relig. Hist. Aegypt., Fontes pp. 532f. Hopfner,

98. p. Egyptolo69, in Bibliotheque 107 Lefebure, G.

special altogether "an Egyptians 161 had The 322. Vol. gique, 22, 36 pp. (1915),

ministrations one furniture,"whose of 4. Ill, by type (Schol.), 108 Georgics Probus,

the Protect spiritualizing of of your copies in means possessed "a Griffiths new is 109 G. discussed by J. Ovid

a metal in literal combustion"offerings—by p. 411; Service, Vol. 48 Annates (1948), The du Improvement

Trav., Vol. in 33 Rec. Jecquier brazier, G. Heracles that says also 56:5960, Hyginus, who with Era an binder—Era$2.50 has com166-69. Garstang pp. sacrificial prayer was (1911), just the as loose broke

office Order from in our at structures J.sacrificial strange the on mented King, 31:65. uttered the being by

79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

November 1969 125 the necropolis at Esneh, in Ann. Serv., Vol. 8,

p. 148. 162 Schuetzinger, op. cit., p. 107.

163 Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachings of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 260.

164 G. Foucart, Bibliotheque d'Etudes Coptes,

Caire, 1919).

165 As pointed out by B. Gemser, in Veus

Testamentum, Supplement VII, 121ff.

166 Clementine Recognitions, I, 32.

167 T. Boehl, Ex Oriente Lux, Vol. 17, p.

168 J. C. L. Gibson, in Journal of Semitic

Studies, Vol. 61. p. 17 (1962), October July May January

Buber, Vol. Judaism, 169 M. Q. Spain - Portugal Plus A. Caribbean Cruise K. Scandinavia F. Around the World 5 (1956), p.

Morocco with February Pageant 295. Cumorah W. Skousen CleonTemples R. Africa Southern B. Holyland Orient L.M. Northwest Temple 170 Mich. Asin, in Patrologia Orientalia,

Hawaii S. Japan India70 Expo XIII, 407f. story of The famous hospitable the August G. November Hawaii March his Philemon and wife tied to Baucis has been N. - Yugoslavia Greece Pacific T. South America June South C. of the age through Abraham Lot Fontenby J. Mexico U. 0. Hawaii H. Highlights Temples D. Southern European

rose, Lot, Philemon, and of (University Lycaon 1, September December Hawaii April

Cruises P. California V. J. Christmas Hawaii Press, E. deriving Alaska p. both 119, 1945),

from "a subtype of the Babylonian flood myth."(trsl. i7iZohar Sperling H. Simon), and M. Salt Lake Street City, Utah 84101 3283161 Travel, Inc. 14 South Main Murdock

Vayera so 107b; of 113a: the angel "When Gentlemen:

destruction obtains authorization to destroy, indicated I have tours brochure Please send on the me your does discriminate he not the innocent between ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUV the guilty."and

Name 172173 W.P. R.Braude,Eliezer,MidrashCh. 25to (29A.ii).Ps. 110:1.

Address 174 Jubilees 24:18; bin Gorion, II, 272;

Book of Lights.

I75jasher, XXII, 1112.

176 Ginsberg, Vol. 1, p. 271; cf. bin Gorion,

II, 231; Beer, p. 56.

177 Ginzberg, Vol. 269f. 1, pp. Hawaii R. Eliezer, 178 P. Ch. (29A.ii); Zohar I, 25

Vayera 105a; bin Gorion, II, 23f.

179 Beer, p. 206.

180 P. R. Eliezer, Ch. 29 (33B, ii). At American Savings 181 Bin Gorion, II, 198.

182 This tradition is discussed by J. Perles, in

Rev. des Etudes Juives, Vol. 21 (1890), p.

183 stories, The are based Genesis 18, on INSURED DAILY EARNINGS told the II, sources with 201-3, Gorion, in bin and Beer, p. 37.

25863. Gorion, Bin

of l:lff, 2: Iff. Testament II,Abraham Deposit your money anytime... 184185186 Ginzberg, Vol. p. 281. 1,

leave it for as long or short a time 188187 J.W. Goldin,Braude,RabbiMidr. Nathan,Ps. 110:1.p. 131.

as you wish... 189190 Ps.TextPhilo,reproducedXXI, 5.and discussed by D. C.

When you withdraw, you're paid for Jessee,280f.191 Ginzberg,in BYU Vol.Studies,1, pp.Vol.211.9 (1969), pp.

each day it was invested. 225;192 MosesM. Kadushin,7:36. The Rabbinic Mind, p.

193 C. Montefiore, Rabbinic Anthology, p.

194 W. Buber, in Judaism, 5:295.

195 Braude, Midr. Ps. 26:2.

196 Ginzberg, Vol. 1, p. 261.

II, Daalat, Maimonides, 302. dme/tkm Scwingi 197198 contrasts Josephus, Ant. I, 183, & LOAN ASSOCIATION kings who met Abraham at the same time,the twothe

King of Sodom being the opposite number to

Melchizedek, "the righteous king."

63 SOUTH MAIN, SALT LAKE CITY 200199 BinIbid.,Gorion,I, 176. II, pp. 268f.

Granger Sugarhouse Provo Vol.2017,K. pp.Kohler,58485.in Jewish Quarterly Review,

202 Beer, p. 51.

203 Zohar, I, Vayera 107a.

204 G. A. Kohut, Jew. Quart. Rev., Vol. 15

(1903), pp. 105, 110.

Ibid., 106. p. A manysplendored gift HELP YOUR EYES. attested205206207 Ibid.,by p.Tabari104; thisand storyearly isJewishindependentlywriters. Ibid., p.

POWERFULLY LIGHTED. 208 For which110.in turn Pharaoh enjoyed a

FULL FIVE POWER READER. specialthrough blessing,the TalmudZ. H. (London,Chajes, Student'sEast & GuideWest

Library, 1952), p. 156.

received too they 209 For a special which Approved by Doctors & Labs. blessing, Beer, p. 76. \f JewelryJews Company 210 Israel (BerBloch, die Voelker Made in U.S.A. und P.P.D. $9.95 J. S.

Battery portable set $4.95. lin,211B. J.Hart,B. Agus,1922), Thep. 513.Vision and the Way

4. Ungar, York: p. (New 1966), S. 400 East Salt W. 2nd So.,—221 42 Lake City, Ut. 84101 MagnaLight 212 Scripcited Vermes, V, 22, Aboth G. by

Telephone 3221039 (801) St. George, ture Utah Postbiblica, Vol. Tradition 4, (Studia 84770 and

1961), p. 172. The same was said of the

followers of Christ and Satan, Peter Cantor, in

Latina, 58. 205:47f, INTERMOUNTAIIM COLLEGE 213 cited Eliyahu, Seder by R.

Enrollment $-$-$ - FUND RAISING - $-$-$ Patrol.sky, in Studies, Journal Jewish applications now of being accepted for Vol.J. 6Werblow-( 1955 )

REQUIRED NO MONEY 217. p.the following courses: Accounting, Gen. Bus. Sec, 214 23. Jubilees 11:19, 21, BIG PROFITS - FREIGHT PAY WEAdmin., StenoSec, MedicalLegal P.B.X., Sec, 215 Ibid., 11:13. 30 - CASE ORDERS DOUBLE ON

I.Bus. B. Machines, 216 Punch, 90. M. p. Key Bez, cited by Beer, Computer 101. - BE YOUR RETURNED MONEY CANDY MAY

FREE brochures mailed request; on FREE placement

CRESTLINE CANDIESfor our graduates; FALL starts term Sept. 1969. 29,

Salt P.O. Box City, 15369, Lake Utah 84115 Tele: (801) 3557507

4873201 Phone St., S. 341 Main Salt Lake City, 84111 Utah

126 Improvement Era End ofan Era

Advice on Her Twelfth Birthday fathers'a recent Forr Life Among outing, overnight and sons'cool, both yours the Mormons our young deacon son To keep the

We had just been was all packed and ready and hers, introduced to the goodto go. He had his pack It's helpful (and essential)

looking young ward choir loaded and excess To concentrate on what director, a student items hanging out from all she was, and returned missionary. sides with such luxuries Or hopefully on what she'll be:

The conversation soon got as a folding chair In other words, her past around to his single and foam pillow. Before and her potential.

status. "But aren't leaving, he cut a small

With this, with strength, with you looking for a nice girl end off a bar of soap.

who might become When asked why he didn't common sense, your wife?"asked one of take a whole bar, he With facing challenge squarely,

the ladies. replied, "What? And You CAN survive her present

"Why should I go looking?"weight down my pack?"(tense!).

he asked.—Mrs. G. Stracke, I did with mine.

"I get more referrals than San Francisco, California. Just barely.—Maureen Cannon the missionaries!""End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes experiences and

Schwendiman, Saint way of life. Maximumthat relatelengthto the150Latterdaywords.—Glenn

Illinois The secret of success in life Freeport, is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.

—DisraeliCoed at football game, Dentist's daughter: "Well, dear,

as team goes into huddle on have you asked Father for field: "There they're at it my hand yet?"Shy suitor: "When we get married,"

again! I do hope Bill won't "No. Every time I step into the young bridegroomto-be said,

repeat that story I told him his office I lose courage. "we're going to have a good

last night."Today I allowed him to pull cook in our house."

another tooth.""I didn't know your girl could

cook,"his friend remarked.

Youth don't need buddies The youth of today are the trustees "She can't,"was the reply. "Her

they have them. They don't of the future. Sooner than we think mother is coming to live

need advice—they've heard it all. the leadership of the Church and with us."

They don't need leaders the future of our country will rest in they'll develop their own. their hands. It is our grave obligaThere is little chance

But one thing they do need tion to help prepare youth to be for people to get together as they need example. worthy trustees, to help them fit long as most of us want—Charles H. B rower, themselves for their coming responto be in the front of the bus,business executive

sibilities.—Elder Ezra Taft Benson the back of the church, and

the middle of the road.

"I hear your teenage son Physiology professor:

is really growing.""This morning we will consider The best way I know of

"Rather. Two years ago he the heart, liver, kidney, and to win an argument is to

wore my old suits. Now lungs."Tired student: start by being in the right

I wear his.""Just another organ recital."-Lord Hailsham

November 1969 127 b&abett&v tuH&fyvyou

EUROPE EMBRACED

17JULY JUNE 30 Time Director: Melvin P. Mabey

EUROPE WITH BYU JUNE 14AUGUST 6 Directors: Eugene E. Campbell, William D. Payne

EUROPE ON A SHOESTRING JULY 20AUGUST 20 Director: C. LaVar Rockwood travels.!.

SPLENDID SCANDINAVIA JUNE 24JULY 15 Director: John B. Harris

EUROPE IN A NUTSHELL JULY 15AUGUST 5 Directors: John B. Harris, Lynn Eric Johnson C5

BIBLE LANDS 9 $ srXl$ 6; OCT.19NOV.MAR. 30APR. 20;JUNE 15JULY

Director: TBA t MAYAN MAGIC Why don America) (Mexico and Central

JULY 22AUGUST 9 Director: Paul R. Cheesman

ADVENTURE SOUTH AMERICA NOVEMBER 15DECEMBER 15 Director: Ernest J. Wilkins

ROUND THE PACIFIC JUNE 18JULY 23 Director: Richard L. Gunn

'ROUND THE WORLD (Japan World's Fair) JUNE 9-JULY 16 Director: J. LaVar Bateman

OPERATION MEDITERRIFIC (Round Mediterranean) JUNE 12JULY 23 Director: Herbert McLean

OSAKA AND BEYOND (Japan World's FairOrient) JULY 30AUGUST 16 Directors: Stephen L. Barrett, R. Lanier Britsch,

Harold Glen Clark, Paul V. Hyer

OUR HERITAGE REGAINED (Church HistoryPageant) JULY 23AUGUST 2 Director: Leon Hartshorn, Lynn McKinlay

BYU HITS BROADWAY (New York Theatre) NOVEMBER 2429 6YV 1970 Travel Adventures

Charles Metten Director:

HAWAIIAN ADULT TOUR 1225 You do not have to be a student to discover the wonders of AUGUST

Director: Scott Orrock the world with BYU on one of these exciting travel adventures

ASIAN STUDIES ABROAD JUNE 18AUGUST3 Directors: Spencer Palmer, Gary S. Williams

SUMMER IN HAWAII JULY 17AUGUST 25 Director: Reed Blake

IN LONDON SUMMER

Embraced Europe 24 JULY 20AUGUST BYU BYU with Europe Qrj Golightly B. C. Farnsworth.Max Directors: Dean Shoestring a on Europe -<< TRAVEL Scandinavia Splendid IN MEXICO SUMMER Nutshell in a Europe Study Travel 14 12AUGUST JUNE of Lands Bible Department Experienced Director: Jack Brown Magic Mayan University

America Young South professors Adventure Brigham pacific the FOR rn MEXICO TEACHERS 'Round HRCB groups 202 tour World lead Room the 'Round 30 24JULY JUNE

Mediterrilic operation Russell H. Director: Bishop Optional Beyond and Osaka rnQ[]

Regained Heritage courses IN SEMESTER SALZBURG credit

Broadway Hits 11 available 30JUNE JANUARY Tour Adult OurBYUHawaiian checked. J. Director: Allen I Richard have Abroad Studies tours O standards Hawaii in UDS AsianSummer IN SEMESTER GRENOBLE London in Summer required

11 30JUNE JANUARY Mexico in Summer

Teachers Director: Lambert lor Gary Mexico events Special Salzburg In Semester

Grenoble in IN featured MADRID SEMESTER Semester

Madrid in Semester 11 30JUNE JANUARY

Jerusalem in Semester Director: Harold tours Rosen Lowcost "STATE meetmeet | IN SEMESTER JERUSALEM |TY 11 30JUNE JANUARY

Director: Ellis T. Rasmussen

""""Clip and Mail Today m——"

128 Improvement Era - 1 1 '& KjfeiBHkI

Quality Education...a broad curriculum...nine academic colleges,

graduate and research programs...

stimulating teachers with personal,

individual interest in students...

campus life providing social activity and leadership development.

Rich Religious Experience...

student wards and stakes... Institute

of Religion and LDSSA programs...

housing in the David 0. McKay Student Living Center, managed by the

Church according to LDS standards.

Great Recreation Area...skiing,

boating, other outdoor sports only minutes from campus in the mountains and valleys surrounding

Logan, a friendly, clean city of 20,000.

Get Them All At

UTAH STATE UNIVERSITYLogan

For more information send this coupon

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Sharing the Good Things of Life... Family happiness is growing together...

giving thanks together... for the bounties of life and a providential nation. Your Beneficial Life consultant can counsel the prudent man in new ways to guarantee the good

things of life to his family by Beneficial planning. There are new growth opportunities

for you with Beneficial Life Insurance. Invite your Beneficial Life consultant to help you

meet your family's growing needs... TODAY!

BENEFICIAL IIFE

Salt Lake City, Utah

.