/MmprouemenTIEra

AUGUST, 1940 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

PLUMP, juicy LEG o'lamb sizzling fresh out of the oven... can't you almost taste it? With mint sauce or jelly...A

and lots of rich gravy!

Or a tempting boned breast of lamb! M-m... m-m.

Or lamb shanks braised to a shiny brown. Like so many other

lamb dishes—including lamb loaf, lamb pies, escalloped lamb

and lamb patties—browned lamb shanks are made from a very

economical cut.

So treat the family to a lamb feast this week! You'll find the

juiciest, most tender lamb cuts awaiting you at StotMeal Scum. $au&

your nearest Safeway. Typical Safeway values! Almost twothirds of the nation's lamb

Why Safeway is advertising lamb to farmers—(64'/2%)in the 17is statesshippedwherefromSafewayor slaughteredStores

Safeway is interested in promoting the sale of are located. Last year the value of the

farm products and making farming profitable lamb crop in these because more than a third of our trade comes from states was $98,970,- farm families! 000. And it may be

The fact that onethird of the consumers who interesting to note buy in our stores are fellow farmers should open that for every family the eyes of many a farm family. For naturally, living in the Safeway

the more that farmers consume of each other's states there are five crops the more they'll all benefit. lambs and sheep—as

Safeway urges you to enjoy more lamb now against sixtenths of while this fine delicious meat is so plentiful. a head per family in

the rest of the U. S.

XEAl fAPEWAY wives;:p*p

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940?o<—>o<r u

Io

o

o JhsL

Utah State AgricHlliral College o

Offers courses in the following schools o AGRICULTURE HDME ECONOMICS FORESTRY EDUCATION

o ARTS and SCIENCES ENGINEERING and

COMMERCE INDUSTRIES and TRADES

New Students Register September 27

Former Students Register September 28

Instruction Begins September 30

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

Write to the President's Office for a Catalogue or Additional Information

o (Vpoc z>od)n.

(Do clJDiL J(rwwHow the women in Elsinore handledTMmproDemcnt Era a man's job? 452

'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

best? 453 grow Grant, J. Heber

contribution one pioneer famWhat Widtsoe, A.AUGUST, 1940 John Under what light conditions plants

L. Evans, Richard told two Guest A. Edgar What Editor Managing concerning the Elders Mormon "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

. Josephson, Marba C "secret success"? of 459 Editor Associate OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD THE QUORUMS, ORGAN OF quit one smoking? 460 man How Morris, DEPARTGeorge ASSOCIATIONS, Q. General Mgr. IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Associate Cannon, G. COMMITTEE, MUSIC OF EDUCATION, WARD Lucy MENT ancient what extent Mexican and Mgr. To

, Business }. K. Orton Mgr. AGENCIES TEACHERS, OTHER OF THE CHURCH AND writings can be interMayan SAINTS. CHRIST OF LATTERDAY OF JESUS

preted? 464

How widespread has been the belief in a final judgment? 466

JhsL diltfi& (paqsL That it is only fifteen miles from the Mexican desert to Greenland

An Unquestioned Sincerity. Heber J. Grant 457—botanically speaking? 468

Wherein lies an inescapable challenge to safety? 470

(fhwidv 3>&aijuMA, How one young man felt about the

Sunday problem? 471

The Pride of Pioneers James M. Kirkham 458 Whether Joseph Smith completely

revised the Bible or not? 472 of Revision The Inspired the Bible—VI menace has reached the pro- B. Sperry Sidney and Merrill Y. Van Wagoner 472 What

portions disease? a national of 474 of Policy Concerning the Sunday Schools and Announcement

of verse for good book story and 480 A Genealogy children? 476 Evidences and Reconciliations—XXVIII. Should We Go to To what missions new presidents

The Movies on Sundays? John A, Widtsoe 481 have been appointed? 478

The Women Find a Way in ElAnti-LiquorTobacco—What new policy is affecting the

sinore, W. Aird MacDonald..452 -460, 474, 489, 494 genealogical and Sunday School

.. -495 programs? 480 The Church Moves On 478 Genealojical Page

496 Page Music things at individually What we rebel Priesthood: Melchizedek 489 Executives....497 Messages: Mutual collectively but to permit con492 Aaronic Girls 497 BeeHive tinue? 480

. 497 Field Photos 494 Ward Teaching to Whether we should the go movies

on Sundays? 481

mis484SpsudaL J'&jcdwiQA. Whosionreturnedfields duringfrom theJune?various

Edgar A. Guest Says "It's Up to You"G. Max Larsen 459 How to can fruits and tomatoes the

I Quit Smoking Courtney Ryley Cooper 460 oven way? 485

Mexican and Mayan Codices C. E. Dibble 464 How a needy family got a start on

fiftythree cents? 490 The Common Source of Religious Truth—VII. We Shall Be

Judged Milton R. Hunter 466 Where new monuments have been

Fifteen Miles from the Mexican Desert to Greenland recently erected? 493

is gaining Granville Oleson 468 Howpopularitygenealogicalin theworkEastern

Disease, ElizaNational Lake, UpsideDown The States W. Blake A Mission? 495

....452 Christensen 474 Grant beth Church the small ward can have a Higgs Brigham Thomas the Universe, FrankExploring 474 Whysuperior choir? 496 476 Rack the Book lin Harris, S. 453 On Jr

Telefacts 454 Homing:TomatoesLet'sthe CanOvenFruitsWayand 485 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

R. Benjamin Remembering OFFICES: 485 Here's How

Birchall, William Mulder 470 Bread, 50 North Main Street, Ruth V. Young 486 Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Safety Challenge, D. A. Index to Advertisers 504 Copyright 1940, by Mutual Funds, Inc.. a CorSkeen 470 Your Page and Ours 512 poration of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ

Latterday Saints. of All rights reserved. Subscription price, in a year, $2.00 advance;dtt&rialiu single copy. 20c

Utah, as matter. secondclass for Acceptance Glamour Richard L. Evans 480 mailingEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, at special rate of postage provided

for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917,

Improvement The not Era is responsibleJidtwfL, (pDsrfJu, Cjwa&id&vcL (puzzIsL authorizedfor July 2, 1918. unsolicited manuscripts, but conwelcomes

Turning Tide.—Edith Lovell 462 bytributions.sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust be accompaniedand return.

The Better the Day Gilbert H. Andrews 471

A Sprig of Sage Alice Morrey Bailey 475 NATIONALREPRESENTATIVESADVERTISING

Frontispiece: The Attic SpinNorton 476 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

S. Dustin..456 ning 477 Wheel, Edna Poetry Page Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

the Block, Chip Off 486 Mabel Jones Howard M. Symphony,

Cullimore 461 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....510 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

A Transitory Wish. Alice W. Pioneers, Elizabeth A. Cook 511 CIRCULATIONS

JhsL Qov&A. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

THE outlook of youth is suggested by this climb for high places and this view of far horizons. Charles Kerlee was the photographer. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

ji*r..,-*<.":..'

,.,.rV uS** ****** JSSUCCESSFUL AMERICANS

IAjs dramatic era in the world's history will be calling as never before for the wisdom of educated minds and the skill of trained hands. And your University... as never before...

is equipped to give you the kind of training that will make you equal to the new demands of citizenship and vocational success. Enjoy the advantages of several years in this stimulating community of youth, directed by a scholarly faculty.

DATES FOR REGISTRATION

Sept. 25:.... English and Psychological Examinations

Sept. 26: Engineering Examination

Sept. 2627: Special Instruction and Registration of Freshmen

Sept. 30:.. Registration of Sophomores and Upper Division

Regular Class Work Begins

THE SCHOOLS:

Lower Division;

Arts and Sciences;

Education; Business;

Mines and Engineering; |

Mediein e; La w;

Graduate Work; Social

Work; Extension Division

*7 -z

PA UNIVERSITY of UTAH

Write for Catalog - - Address the President

SALT LAKE CITY AN INSTITUTION OF HIGH RANK ON A BEAUTIFUL CAMPUS... IN A METROPOLITAN CITY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

v&/PLAYTIME AT $&&&< WORLDFAMOUS

ELSINORE CHAPEL NEARING COMPLETION, WITH THE "SHINGLE SISTERS"AND A FEW OF

THEIR MEN HELPERS Left to fight: Donald Staton, Fred Bradshaw, Clorece Staton, Verl Jensen, Elder James C. Cahoon, Barbara

Cahoon, Lavon Mayer, Effie Cox, Amelia Bradshaw, John Richards, Ellen Mellon, and Emma Hales.

Insert: Mrs. Emma Hales tacking on wire on Elsinore Chapel.

of building. the the first break With THE WOMEN FIND A WAY spring, early in things began March,

IN ELSINORE happen. It was a cooperative projectto

By PRESIDENT W. AIRD—all hands to the task. Spring plowMACDONALD ing took the men, and Elder Cahoon,

Of the California Mission withhimselfthewithoutbuildinghelpers."to the square,"He calledfoundfor

Hightifulup inLakethe coastElsinore,range lieswherebeau-a volunteers.sheeting laid,Raftersand shingleshad toputbe on.strung,

dozen Mormon families within a "Come on,"said Ellen Mellon, to radius of twenty miles form the memthe women, and she formed an emerbership of the Elsinore Branch of the gency brigade which Elder John A.

California Mission. Widtsoe, when he visited them on a

This little group wanted a meetingtour of the mission, jocularly called the house of their own. They talked about "Shingle Sisters."They put up rafters,

it, discussed it, agitated the issue. A laid on sheeting, put on the shingles,

friendly citizen of the little town oflaid the flooring, and even assisted Elder fered them a lot if they would build a Cahoon with the plastering. With all

church on it within a year. The Prethe energy and purpose of a hive of

siding Bishopric offered to furnish the bees they worked, until many of the material if they would do the work. townspeople came to admire, and to

"If the Priesthood can't build it, the help. Painters offered their services

women will,"challenged Mrs. Ellen S. freely.

Mellon. "We certainly will,"declared So the little chapel overlooking beauMrs. Emma Hales, echoed by several tiful Lake Elsinore nears completion,

others. soon ready for dedication—a monu-

A missionary, Elder James C. Cahoon ment to the will and purpose of the

from Cardston, Canada, was assigned women who donned overalls and finby the mission president to supervise ished the job.

BE INDEPENDENT

No Other Vocation so Profitable

ENROLL NOW For a Complete Course at the THE UPSIDEDOWN LAKE—LAKE JASPER, COLORADO

Quish School of Beauty Culture >By ELIZABETH CHURCH GRANT peakreflectedis onein itsof thelimpidTwinwaters.Arapahoes.This

The Best in the West you tell which is the lake At the north and west, tall Engel336-340 S. Main, American Blag., Canand which the reflection in the mann's spruce tower like giant sentiSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH above picture? Jasper Lake, nels above the lake. Around the

offiis as Lake UpsideDown The Information For Further east are lush shores and west meadis of the cially but one many known, Call or Catalog filled rivaling larkspurs with ows or 7560 ten altitude of Wasatch at beautiful lakes an

Fill in This thousand feet or more in the Colothe blue of the mountain sky; white

Coupon rado Rockies. It is fed by the monkshood, waist high; and starry

Arapahoe glacier which lies in one blue and white columbine, Coloof the deepest canyons of the peak rado's state flower.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940 m Ml R I C A'S F 1 N 1 ST O V E R A L t

SINCE 1850 By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. LEVI'S there's a reasonNo others FIT like LEVI'S!f\& a safety razor blade, each part of the cutting edge equal in length to

a hair's diameter has to cut one hundred hairs in one ordinary shave of a man's LEVI STRAUSS, ANEW FAIR FREE face in going over the beard just once. IF THEY ".4.1 R

NONis manufactured being powderA new SCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS"** off chairs, cats to designed keep beds, curtains, and other places where a cat might use its claws or shed hair.

Though the cat can smell it, the powder is harmless, invisible, and odorless to human beings.

A new washer made with ballbear- ** ings may do much to prevent leaky faucets and washer wear. The lower

part of the washer turns freely on the bolt and holds a soft neoprene washer in position. As the faucet is closed the

upper part of the washer turns and puts pressure through the ball bearings on the lower part, which presses against the valve seat without turning. In addition to the advantages of no dripping

and no wear, since the washer does not twist against the metal valve seat, neoprene washers can stand very hot water for an indefinite period of time.

nT'HE natural division of light and * dark into about twelvehour con- i tinuous periods is best for plant growth. a I

artiusing of experimentsIn a series to a SAHHPEPPER SETSficial light, plants were exposed total of twelve hours light a day. The

period varied from five seconds light...and 6 LABELS

and five seconds darkness to twelve from Chicken of the hours of light then twelve hours of darkSea Brand Grated to correspondingness. periods The Style or Tuna u nightnatural and gave by far the for only day

Star ccAet White Tuna. / u/QOi plants. bestlargest and

Mighty clever! And a 75c value, say buyGet a supply of this quality tuna today

HPhere are about a billion wood railers ofmany of America's leading depart-...serve it often. Your family will like it

road ties in service in the United ment stores. One little fish is canary yeland it's good for them. Contains VitaStates. Due to chemical treatment below...for salt. The other one is turquoise mins "A"and "D"and Iodine, effective

fore laying on the roadbed, only about blue...for pepper. So you won't get peppreventive of nutritional goiter. It has

onethird as many ties are needed now per when you want salt, and vice versa! been America's favorite for 28 years, for replacements as the one hundred—,—v,v,.v—... because only the tender, Ikht meat is

and fifty million a year needed thirty years ago. The average annual renewal

is about one hundred ties a mile a year, though some railroads get along with a little over half this number.

Ctainless steels are so called because fc-'they do not rust or tarnish at ordinary temperatures in atmospheric conditions which would promptly tarnish or rust ordinary iron and steels. Van Camp Sea Food Company, Inc., 90

Actually, any piece of iron or steel when Box C, Terminal Island, California. (Postage Stamps not accepted)

it is first exposed to the air is immeEnclosed find Cash Money Order -Check for $. Also labels

diately covered with a very thin film from Chicken of the Sea Brand or White Star Tuna. Send me SALT &

of oxide, called the passive film, so PEPPER SETS (Salt Shaker is Canary Yellow; Pepper Shaker is Turquoise Blue).

thin as to be invisible. The difference

iron is Name,. stainlessbetween and ordinary

that with stainless steel the film prevents Addr (Continued on page 454) City.State.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940 TE1EFACT

LOCAL TAXES TAKES A LARGE PART

OF YOUR EARNINGS INCOME 1*5,000

TAXES

*M0

INCOME

$2,000 TAXES INCOME $227 President Liners—SI TAXES

America's greatest fleet—sail regularly MLIMLs

to the ORIENT Scienc* 5ervicNATIONAt MUNICIPAl LEAGUE CHAIT.7-W

Round and in direction. leaves northsouth a When Exploring the Universe

is light in the or as evemorning weak KK Continued 453 from page the World flat the rening surfaces the leaves of in rusting further ( oxidation or while all light possible ceive with but at noon thickfilm ordinary iron the in increases

TO JAPAN, CHINA, PHILIPPINES 4ness until it can be seen as a tarnish. theirminimum.edges to the sun they receive a

Sail from San Francisco, via Hawaii, HThe density of the planet Pluto has of efficiency cultivated of a study Tn along the Sunshine Route to Yokohama, calculated found and now been to A soil crops Shanghai, erosion, of Kobe, in prevention Hongkong planet as the and Mabe about the same Venus nila on one of the Pacific's most famous, or about eleven per cent lighter than Dr. H. J. Dittmer, of Chicago, found

friendly ships—a President Liner with that of the earth, whose average that the average number of roots in each

broad playdecks, an outdoor swimming density is five and onehalf times cubic inch of soil in the top six inches pool, every stateroom outside, high heavier than water. ranged from eighty for soybeans to two

amidship, and grand varied food. Roundthousand for Kentucky blue grass. The

trips, First Class: Japan $560, China HPhere are about five hundred plants total lengths of the root hairs of soy-

|691, Philippines $735. Stop over anyin the world that are insecteaters. beans in a cubic inch averaged forty

where, going or coming. Then continue feet but for the blue grass more than

on the next or another of these big \\7omen can withstand cold better four thousand feet.

smooth sailing liners with almost iden- *"than men it has been found by tical accommodations. heat measurements at Cornell Univer4C everal pounds of meteoritic dust fall sity Medical College. on each square mile of earth's surface annually according to preliminary DIRECT SAILINGS MANILA in plants vary markedly P\ifferent estimate of Nininger. Dr. H. H. This

is only these days 18 Manila away on their their of exposing method is the result dust frictional of the defastest crossings the to Philippines now sunlight. to leaves extreme, one On struction of larger smaller or meteorLines'offered chartered President by its in the leaves ivy arranges English ites falling are constantly which through to "City Ships."Francisco San From it a pattern that exposes so mosaic earth's a the atmosphere. Manila, days Class, 18 light. to the ($717)—First the area maximum On

roundtrip. Hongkong, 22 days ($704). other extreme the compass plant and 'TPhe aluminum coating on the Mount

Singapore 27 days ($821). Penang 29 the wild lettuce turn the edges of their A Wilson hundredinch telescope

days ($850). No other service to Manila and Malaya is so fast. ROUND THE WORLD TELEFACT From New York or California, via HaCALORIES OF MILK AND ITS PRODUCTS

waii, Japan, China, Philippines, Straits

Settlements, Ceylon, India, Egypt and home again across the sunny South Atlantic. First Class fare (rail from $1049 BUTTERJ 767 CALORIES PER 100 GRAMS

all included), across America the $1143 way by President Liner. Stopovers anywhere.

Get sailing dates and details from

Travel any Agent or at 311 California HEAVYi CREAM 491

Francisco. St., San

AMERICAN IlilikktiMiMiU CHEESE 400 PRESIDENT LINES RoundWorld Service!WW WHOLE

MILK

66.7 Science ServicePictorial Statistics, lnc.7-26

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

WALT OLSNEY PRODUCTIONSExploring the Universe COP*,, 1940—ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

lasted for five years before renewing.

The silver coatings, used before the aluminumizing process was developed, lasted only a few months.4 MADE FOR

/apttve mice have been known to eat *** their own weight of green food every twentyfour hours. PUNISHMENT J

Tn cases of severe nosebleed, whether * from operation or disease, plugs of salt pork in the nose are more effective than ordinary gauze packs, according to Dr. A. J. Cone.

rouiDLewisanandeagleMariancarry Walkeraway a child?using

an adult golden eagle which they had raised found that it could fly easily with weights totaling two pounds attached to its feet; with four pounds the

flights were short and strained; with

eight pounds the eagle could fly only thirty to forty feet though it beat the ULkKLs*.

air wildly with its wings. The Walkers

believe that probably no eagle ever carried off a child of any age and certainly not one that could get around by itself. QUESTION "What do you mean, 'RPJVT

is made for punishment?"

"D ivets kept chilled in dry ice are now airplane manufacture. in* used ANSWER The blistering temperatures

treatment, aluminum special heatAfter alloy rivets are placed in refrigerated that modern motors whip up are so boxes at dry ice temperatures to preterrific—that "weaksister"oils can't

vent them from aging or hardening be- "take it."They just don't last—andfore using.

> they deposit the carbon, sludge and varVKThat makes the pain or prickling nish that play mischief with a motor's * or pin cut in sensation a small delicately adjusted "insides."But "RPM"keeps your motor free in Rosenthal Drs. S. R. the skin?prick

and D. Minard report the sensation refrom these harmful deposits. And you can't beat it for mileage either.

sults from a chemical, histamine, which is liberated when the skin is injured and STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA which then acts on the nerve endings to have them send a message of pain to STANDARD TRAVEL INFORMATION SERVICEthe brain.

4 Free routing of your vacation or business motor trips. Ask your Standard

Standard Travel Information Service, 225 Bush Street, San Francisco./oal insteadminingof explosivesby hydraulicis expectedpressure Service Man for the Travel Information Inquiry Postcard or write

to reduce the hazards of breaking up coal in veins. A hole is bored in a coal

seam, a rubber tube inserted into the hole, and the tube powerfully expanded by forcing oil into it, fracturing the coal.

4 tfw0tCGk$keme&7/Ufct(& "Anheatinsulatedloss byhomealmostcanfiftyreduceper centthe insulation; just anof one inchwith

ATTENTION! All Property Owners! loss the another third inchother reduces

fire -fighting present your equipment Wouldover an uninsulated home.

if fire effectively serve should strike you you? WEDDING IMITATIONS 4

HpHE processionary caterpillars travel and ANNOUNCEMENTS only in a troop, one after the other, 100 for $4.50in a followthe-leader fashion, forming equipmentREDoperates onCOMETan entirely different prinWhite paneled invitations with two enfire ciple ordinary from extinguishers marks and string of several yards velopes; Script be choice English which or Olda may

in era fight constant against man's new Printing 24 Service Hour that blindly solong. follow They in a afire. is This equipment SCIENTIFIC, MODERN,

Postage prepaid remittance accompanies when naturalist, thecase to French known to install. economical and DATE, UP TO

J. H. Fabre, when the column was diWRITE AT ONCE

verted into going around the edge of

INC. PHESS RED COMET, orderHOVEY

Bldg., Littleton, Colo.a stone vase so that a circle was 7G7 Red Comet DANCE PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONS

in the a cirkeptformed, troop moving or 25 East No. Temple—Salt Lake City—Was. 9672 V. J. NELSON until rest forcle death without a week

Salt 9th 403 North West Lake City, Utah it.overtook G139-W Phone Wasatch

!p|l||:: "-.-.\[: ':: '. '.:;;.;: ': '

Photograph by LaMar Davis, Price, Utah.

Qiiic. Sphwinq lx)hs&LJJul

["feel my way along a creaking stairs

That stretch a ragged carpet up the wall,

And as I near the top the tiny flares

Of sunlight through the window seem to fall

Upon a dusty handcarved spinning wheel.

Deserted now, yet not alone it stands,

For there its silverwebbed threads reveal

A mirrored past of rough but friendly hands.

By EDNA S. Tt'sAndstrangespun toits thinkflaxenthisstrandstiny wheelin rhythmicthat whirledsong,

Once on a windswept cliff its branches furled, DUSTIN A giant, singing in a forest throng.

It's silenced, but it's clothed a human race,

And now an artist has it draped in lace.

\fhB EDITOR'S PAGE

'HE UNBELIEF OF ALL THE WORLD CANNOT

CHANGE A TRUTH, IF IT IS A TRUTH.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

remember an occasion, many years ago, when Immediately after our people had been expelled the late Apostle, John Henry Smith, and I were from their homes, and had gone beyond the western civilization, the Government of the I preaching in Arizona. A meeting was held borders of

at the request of members of the state legislature. United States called on President Brigham Young

They told us they would furnish a fine opera house for five hundred volunteers to fight the country's and fill it with people if we would consent to preach. battles in Mexico. Our people had been driven

As a rule we rented our halls and paid for the from their homes several times; they had been robprivilege of preaching, and often did not get many bed of their property; scores of their number had

to hear us, so we were perfectly willing to "consent"been murdered, and many of their women had been to do the preaching when they furnished an audioutraged; yet they responded to this call. The mesence and paid for the opera house. senger was told by President Brigham Young:

As I learned afterwards, a very great compli- "You shall have your men."

ment was paid to me while I was speaking. I have Within fortyeight hours, as I remember it, the

heard it said, by some people, that to use the word required number had been enlisted. Our people had

"damn"is merely "emphasis."One of the ladies been expatriated; they had been expelled from

of our Church happened to be sitting near a gentletheir homes, and when they had appealed to the man who was rather interested while I was speaking head of the nation, they were told, "Your cause is in the opera house at Phoenix, Arizona. She heard just, but I can do nothing for you."

this gentleman, in front of her, say, with "emThe Mormon Battalion was mustered into service phasis,""That fellow is an earnest preacher."In and went to California. They later worked on the

a few minutes, with "emphasis"again, he said that I identical ground where gold was first found in was a good preacher; and finally, with "emphasis,"California. Upon their return to Utah, they beg-

"That fellow believes every word he is saying."ged the great pioneer to go on to that rich country,

That is exactly what people must acknowledge but he said: "No, this is the place that God has

regarding the Latterday Saints, because we are prepared for the Latterday Saints; we will stop

absolutely converted to the divinity of the work in here."

which we are engaged, and when we testify regardIn view of the sacrifices made by our people, ing it, we believe every word that we teach. Surely there can be absolutely no doubt of their faith, no

no. one who has studied the history of our people doubt of their sincerity. Do you think that a handcan question their sincerity. The Latterday Saints ful of people would go on, year after year, spending

were expelled from the state of Missouri, under an nearly four million dollars per annum for the privexterminating order of the lieutenantgovernor of ilege of proclaiming a message of life and salvation, that state. They were driven from their homes in if they had any doubt regarding the divinity of the

the dead of winter, and left the bloodprints of work in which they are engaged? They have absotheir feet upon the snow and ice, as an evidence of lute faith in that which they teach, and no reasontheir sincerity. able person can doubt their sincerity, if he will but

They finally located in Illinois, and after estabstop and look at the fruit that the Latterday Saints lishing a city of twenty thousand people, they were bring forth in their lives.

governor supported again attacked by the by a mob their I leave with you my testimony that the Gospel from again driven state of Illinois, of the and homes. The last remnant of the people crossed of the Lord Jesus Christ has again been restored

the Mississippi River, upon the ice, in midwinter. to the earth; that spiritual manifestations are enDuring the very night that they were expelled from joyed in the Church.

Nauvoo, nine babies were born, with no shelter but "Oh,"says one, "I don't believe a word of it";

their mothers'breasts; and where did they go? You but let me say, all the unbelief of all the world cantruth, if it is a truth. People may say, have heard it sung, "Far away in the West"-—to not change a

the place that God for them prepared. "We do not believe this testimony of Joseph Smith;

Into the wilderness they went, a thousand miles; we do not believe that heavenly beings appeared to

they knew not where, only that they were followhim."

ing a Prophet of the living God, Brigham Young, God lives; Jesus is the Christ; Joseph Smith is a

who had seen Salt Lake Valley in vision. When prophet of the living God; we have the truth; and

they arrived on the brow of the hill, overlooking the may those who know it, so live that those who know valley, he said, "This is the place,"and he could it not may investigate the plan of life and salvation not be persuaded to locate the people in any other and obtain eternal life, the greatest of all the gifts place. of God to man.

SswuuddimiimL woa. THE PRIDE

OF THE PIONEERS By JAMES M. KIRKHAM

Secretary of the Church Beatttification

Committee

was built and a blacksmith shop

FRONT VIEW OF was erected. Then his love for the

THE OLD BLACKbeautiful found expression in the

SMITH SHOP AT careful attention he gave the home CITY, BRIGHAM

UTAH. grounds. The bulbs they brought

(Photos by with them were planted that autumn the author) and today the tulips traceable to that beginning are numbered by the thousands. Flowers and shrubs

were planted, also, and one lilac tree still survives its early planting.

It is said to be seventyfive years old. (See photograph.)

On North Main Street in Brigham

City, across the street from where far away Denmark Brother was once a pioneer hotel and livery

INand Sister Hans C. Jensen were stable, Mr. Jensen followed his trade

preparing for a journey to a new of blacksmith for many years. He

country to make a home. They were has now been dead for several years,

limited as to the things they might but the pride and love of the beautake with them. One of the serious tiful still carry on in the lives of his

questions concerned transplanting two surviving daughters. The old

to their new home at least a part of blacksmith shop has been made into their flower garden. Flower seeds a cottage. It has been painted, and

could be gathered and taken, as they the surroundings are well kept. Some

were small and easily packed away. things about the home may not be

But what about bulbs which were in accord with modern landscaping ideas, but everything to pertaining to perpetuate thenecessary beauLILAC NEAR SHOP, TREE BLACKSMITH THE it is neat beautifully and clean and SAID TO BEEN HAVE OVER SEVENTYPLANTED tiful tulips loved? so greatly they

It was finally decided that four FIVE YEARS AGO. ( Concluded on page 502

select tulip bulbs, each a different variety, might be taken. These,

with the flower seeds, would provide a start for their new garden. The

bulbs were packed away in the food box because of lack of space in any other place. On the journey, a fellow passenger, who thought the

bulbs were onions, ate one of them.

It was not until years later that they STREET VIEW IN were able to replace this rare vaFRONTBLACKSMITHOF THESHOPOLD riety with another bulb of the same IN BRIGHAM CITY, kind. UTAH.

With a pride for, and a love of beautiful home surroundings in his heart, Hans C. Jensen, a blacksmith

and gardener, eighty years ago left

Denmark to make his home in Brigham City, Utah. He and his wife,

Mary, arrived there in the fall of 1860.

Soon after their arrival, a home

IjWL&L AOIfA.fcdqah, CI.

IT'S UP TO YOU By G. MAX LARSEN

Of the Northern States Mission

a messenger boy. Show the other

fellows what a messenger boy can do. It's not the fact that a job barely

keeps you alive that counts. It's the

AN INFORMAL CANDID CAMERA STUDY OF EDGAR fact that you do it yourself. And

A. GUEST, PHOTOGRAPHED BY THE AUTHOR. the respect you gain is worth the

price. I feel sorry for the fellow who

Detroit, Michigan thinks the world owes him a living.

time Guest A. Edgar ago short the of at the other voice end for that a meal planned ever No one granted Elder Lindsey and Ralph jolly. vibrant, "Yes, AThewire was If to capacity bird. do a have you privilege of the interview. an me

I'd at delighted! Call be my it sake, use for heaven's pictures. also anything, took Guest Mr. We

office in the Free Press Building was very cordial to us and expressed up!

best to President wishes Grant at eleven."morning Monday inspired kind of philosophy That of purpose interview our was The time, appointed Ralph At the these words: to reget Guest's statements Mr.

in found I walked Lindsey and and their efgarding people young and in the soul of you, It's found Success!

Detroit's poet laureate bustling forts toward success in life. The high And not in the realm of luck!

about his office like an energetic calibre common sense expounded by The world will furnish the work to do, thrilled us, the poet so I have compluck. the provide But must you beaver.

article the enclosed with posed think whatever you can, can you do the You "Come right in!"he beamed, exenjoy, that hope Era readers may it. It's all in the view you way tending a chubby hand. "How's my as we did, his words of advice. It's all in the start that you make, young

good friend, President Grant?"Respectfully yours, man:

And there we were, steeped in a Elder G. Max Larsen. You must feel that you're going to do it. superfriendly atmosphere, talking—Excerpt from "How Do You Tackle Your Work?"

to "Eddie"Guest. "One of the finest

fellows I ever met"would be my grew older became a cub reporter, By nature Mr. Guest is a "family

description of him. Short, cleanpolice reporter, exchange writer, and man,"paternally interested in young

shaven, neatly attired, vitally hufinally the bronze plate on his desk and old. He says the home should

man, he dotes on stories of downto- spelled "Editor."be a place "where the gang can get

earth folk who have done "a heap o'Where did poetrywriting find a together."Here's what he says

livin'."And during his fiftynine niche in his journalistic stride? That, about parentaljuvenile ties

years he has constantly been in high he says, was an accident. One Sun- "Modern, heyday life hasn't

gear to prove that "it can be done."day edition in 1899 carried a few changed the responsibilities of

Born in Birmingham, England, he lines he had dashed off in negro Mother and Dad one bit. If parents

developed a love for verse as a boy, dialect. The poem struck a tender grow with their children, all the conwhen he used to sit on his mother's chord in the hearts of rhymeloving veniences accused of adding temptaknee before an open hearth and listen Detroiters. Since then Edgar A. tions to modem life are just taken

to her renditions of Shakespeare. Guest's name has become one of the in the stride. I'd be silly trying to

But the scene was changed for the foremost on the American roster. take my boy back to my boyhood.

Guest family, and young Edgar, at Completely void of obtrusive rhet- I've got to fit myself into his. If he

the age of nine, found himself groworic, his verse has made itself "at comes running and says, 'Dad, I ing up in a booming American mehome"with a public that doesn't orwant to do this, or that, because all tropolis. In those days, the dynamic dinarily relax comfortably and pethe other boys are doing it,'I mustn't

youth stood on street corners and ruse Chaucer or Keats through tell him he can't do it because I shouted "Extra! Paper!"He had hornrimmed spectacles. wasn't allowed to when I was a boy.

printer's ink in his veins. The DeThe secret of his success? There I must tell him to go ahead and do

troit Free Press was a growing newsis no secret. To any young man or it, if he must, but to do it decently.

paper and Eddie was behind it, pushwoman about to tread upon life's "And I don't think the raising of a ing. By successive bounds he leaped griddle he would say: family should be left up to the neighright into the front seat. Back when "There is no easy way to success. bors. If you leave it to other people

baseball scores were chalked instead No shortcut. If a thing is worth to teach your children you'll have to

of broadcast, Edgar A. Guest was a having it's worth working for. The take what they are taught."

"score boy."Then he was promoted best men in all professions are the "Home,"epitomizes Edgar A.

to the position of office boy, and as he busiest. I don't care if you're just (Concluded on page 488)

QUIT

,VL--4, SMOKING OR COOPER'S LAST STAND Reprinted by permission from Reader's Digest By COURTNEY RYLEY COOPER

EDITOR'S NOTE for Courtney Ryley word T/oiL jco/l Afc/z. Amnidm—muL JUIul it! THE

is vigorous. to Cooper He went

work at 15, and has been a teamster, trucker, vaudeville hoofer, newspaperman, and everything in a circus

ager. the he During WorldThe scene is deeply etched. It for eight hours without smoking. from animal trainer to general manlazy Florida live a to shouldn't War eight was on I be able afterWhy

in the Marines. the After I floor noon; studio to on snored refused touch hours more? my

torrent unleashed of short a he my warserved the cigarette Brothers. to Barx Four bed. box I wentmy terriers, when stories, photoplays, sketches, radio

All in an instant I whisked away a Someway I managed to sleep, only magazine articles and books. On one

lighted cigarette and said aloud: to awaken with a horror hanging magazine assignment he spent months

far flying in the North. and mushing"No; I've stopped smoking."Here over me—of something terrible I'd past several years he For the

was the culmination of many years'done specialized in crime, working closelyhas resolution, to the stand Investieach Federal of with Bureau too weak I strike the clock heard Then gation. the obtained he From FBI all itself, but forming a basisby for four. I'd asleep six straight for been for his material books: Thou* Ten I Stand. LastCooper's must Now Public to hours, Here's for sand of Enemies, something Crime, unheard

either foe lick the or admit to being I and Designs in Scarlet. years! passed; now My terror a sucker. weaklinga and really laughed. the Snapping on

Suddenly I was terrified—a snivlight, I opened the box and streamed

sacrificeeling altar resothe of on fingers, cigarettes exthrough my

I if don't sleep eight at hours Today Itlution. afterthe kind of was ulting "I've over them. got you

I stretch, a complain about it. The for to fellow lean anoon from back I I licked!''"If gloated. stay can

is scar that only the remaining wish hishis forget typewriter, work I this long, stay from can you for away all I'd years ago. done this 25 light ciga a and moment forever."away

I it often enough, attempted had I off. But sworn had short. story the chops Here On but the philosophy. without proper bit gotten smoking a had My that the Big day November when

I I told that Usually everyone was Ithick. forty years than more For I Excitement happened twenty was

I to going try to stop smoking. Or filling like nicotine sucked ahad up I underweight. taste no pounds had the "taperingoff"technique, began Istation at night sponge. Even I throat, for food. smoker's had a

all bilge. that selfdelusion In and times grabbedawakened and many nerves, bronchial smoker's

I like a days, a smoking few was I cigarette.for stood a now And rigid sinus, as as and cough,spine—about fire afagain. engine anyone How thequivering of with knowledge fingers a of band. rubber both The flicted nicotinwith acute nervous

I I for. in didn't evenwhat was stained a walnut. deep hands were itis is his cut intake can on down help; wife out shophave any was I my to open mouth ashamed was my learned. I've something never On Iping. alone was thick of the nicotine incrusbecause the contrary, has everybody who

Alone! I laughed. No need to tations on my teeth, to say nothing of studied the problem of smoking

tell anyone what I had done. No the brown fur on my tongue. I was avers that there is only one way to a oneman furnace. in alibis or for braggadocio,need is that decrease the intake—and

I If stick it out. couldn'tcase I reto stop altogether. J. C. Furnas

failed, there no be would exhaustive canvass made an about a cently month brought shame. A single

into weakencouldNobody kid me finding his principal of smokers; great change. My smoker's

ing, because nobody knew. pulse, which often had pounded was that you'll either cut smoking

Suddenly everything was swell. along at 120, dropped back to a off short and take it on the chin,

Deliberately I put some cigarettes pleasing 72. I could really taste and or you won't cut it out at all!

in my pocket; that afternoon I finenjoy food for the first time in ten From fortyfive of my acquaintgered them a hundred times. At years. The smoker's throat, cough, ances who have sworn off, I have

last, I laid them aside. I had lived and sinus inflammation were gone. discovered some rather surprising

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

things. Those who experienced the Indeed, it has the opposite effect;

least difficulty in quitting were those the longer one stays way from towho did least talking about it. As bacco, the more obnoxious it beone friend put it: comes. The exhalation from an-

"If you're going to build bridges other's cigarette stinks like a dead back to smoking even before you cat, and revives no memories except quit, then quitting is just a preunhappy ones of headache, hacktense. You're going to lay off for a ing coughs, a halfdead feeling, and

while, go through hell and high hours in which one sits cussing himwater, start smoking a little on the self for being able to do nothing but sly, then get back hard as ever, suck on a tube of tobacco.

meanwhile lying your head off about Always remember this: no one

how you really found out it was ever died or went crazy from lack better for you to cut down gradof tobacco. The worst that can

ually."happen to you is annoyance, for

One cigarette is just as dangerous which you are repaid by better wind to an exsmoker as one drink is to and pulse, and a mouth which doesn't a reformed drunkard. Actually, taste like glue.

excessive smoking is just a form of The strange thing about all this drunkenness. If I had a boy whom is that practically no one looks

I was trying to guide, I'd tell him upon tobacco as a vile evil. Some

to take the liquor route rather than of my friends do feel, however, the tobacco road. Your doctor can that the public has been highscare you into quitting drink. But pressured into smoking more than

most doctors will only say about is good for it, and that there are smoking: "Well, maybe you'd betindications of a backfire. No matter cut down."ter what the radio programs say,

Yet there exists no doubt about cigarettes just don't soothe nerves the benefits to be derived from cut- \<.>WIT*- or win 100yard dashes.

ting out tobacco. Of my friends To those who desire to stop

who have stopped nibbling at nicosmoking because of a belief that the all tine, feeling three but are or two is lishabit harmful, I recommend drop or mint. Others have used

fit. far vanhave Headaches more tening cigarette to the the hours on candies. hard stay But from away sinus ished, troubles decreased. In is tells radio! that a cigarette Here soft candies; you'll eat the whole instances, sight been enhas some that it contains you waste mano it. before box realize you

others a keener hanced; mention terial, terrible dust, or other things person stops The smoking who smell, of sense hearing. of even rival that into manufacturers put inure must himself to the knowlthere has been With many, their product. that boasts Another that a lesedge will old association every

indigestion biliousof sening and less are its tobaccos harmful the on bring a recurring desire. this Once a resistance ness, greater against and it throat. third will that promises A is it is understood, just however, anflu. or throat colds Smoker's and that cure cigarette annoying cough. other in apple the desire bag. The disappeared. cough have While all, After can't accuse you your comcan be squelched by a compensatory weight, gained have most havesome petitor in of crime every the calendar of amount reasoning which makes

size. in Since gainednot I stopped without being yourself. suspected the ridiculous. craving This phase

I gainedsmoking, have twenty is stop real job, smoking a To grows the weaker laugh more you easily at drool pounds, the can and it is sacrificial but as not as one about a what nuisance smoking used sirloin oysters, steak, of thought a I likes to pretend. asto I could wish be. the thought Soon of smoking

I ice potato, cream. andbaked Yet gigantic stature sume stand, and enters seldom your mind.

still clothes the size same wear and Napoleonlike, in with hand a association will my not One bother is waistline thirtytwo exactlymy I vest, while relate terrible experiyou: the smell of cigarette smoke.

the same. ences. But I can only say that, like

This is probably due to an inCHIP OFF THE BLOCK any other abrupt change, quitting creased desire for activity. A perBy Howard M. Cullimore smoking is serious, but not crucial.

son feels better, and goes in for "Oemember, Dad, as you sit and wait, One must employ every possible more exercise. The type of flesh "** And your son conies home to supper element of one's sense of humor,

which one puts on by abstinence late; whip up all the pride that ever exthe baseball Or lands when with a sickening difentirely seemsfrom smoking use sense. isted—-and Afcommon

din,ferent variety innertube from the fuss about and worry ter all, why it knocks in; As the north view window itself to the attaches midriffwhich that something enables to you wake his report when school Or shows C's and

as a result of indolence. D's, up rested in the morning, restores

the breaking of spring And makes him clarity, mental your and adds years ill at ease; life to your by decreasing your he when fails to come at your and beck Heavy smokers become accusOr chance of physical breakdown? call,

tomed to irritation of the throat And acts as if he hadn't heard at all; An overwhelming desire for a cigand some sort of taste in the mouth, Or when he makes a noise in church or arette is possibly sweeping over you

school, this is friends that agreeand right my now. But why should a puny seems rule; single to heed not a And thing tothe big in staying beat piece of paper with some tobacco it correction needs is true, help and He

away from tobacco. In times of But isn't he much like the boy that was inside it be allowed to push you

stress, I sucked on a menthol coughyou? around?

pjwuf&jcL aiwL waixPunL cl TURNING TIDE

BY nearest ward chapel was twenty miles down the valley, at the county

EDITH harvests,seat. In theandrushfencebuildingof plantings andand

LOVELL littleditchmakingtime for thereChurchhadactivities.been too

Came a cycle of dry years, when the little reservoir only half filled up during the spring runoff. When

a man loves growing fields, he can't see them wilt and turn brown. A

part of Henry Reynolds shriveled and seared with his fields of wheat and alfalfa.

"I'm just a failure,"he said to himself, bitterly. As year by year

his family needed more, his earnings had become less and less. This year

was the payoff, though. With good

luck, he would make it, with a small

Z VWTHmargin to spare for Kathleen's room- "*(-, rent and books at college.

But there was the everpresent menace of crickets. Last year they

had come within a mile, swarming "I'll be through irrigating about over the sagebrush flats at the edge one o'clock,"said Henry. "Richard of the valley and leaving bare the

can go up and shut the water off."three or four alfalfa fields that lay

p-a-deck!"called "I want to go to town, too,"said in their path. This year they wereMary ReynoldsuUto her sleeping famRichard, dismayed. even closer, marching in a halfmile

parallel to swath, farm, and Henry's in time could get back "Well, you aye, 'Aye, captain, said Kathit. less than a mile from said slow,"weren't to so go, if youleen, was seventeen. who

"Okay, sailor,"said Dean, who Henry. "What do you want to go These were the same ugly crickets

was a hardboiled eight, and fiveto town for, anyway? Something which had been a scourge to the

yearold Doris, Dean's official echo. important?"early Latterday Saints in Utah.

"Okay, thailor,"said rolypoly "No,"said Richard. "Nothing / Black, greedy, pushed by some unRose, and added, "wanta get up!"ever want to do is important."known motive, they traveled head-

"It's too early for small fry,"said "Let's not quarrel this morning,"long through streams, over boulders,

Kathleen, and tucked the covers Mary said quietly, though there was gobbling every speck of green around her little sisters. a catch in her voice. The family sat growth in their path. Sometimes

"Come on, Richard,"called Mary down to breakfast. they reversed their march, tumbling

Reynolds. "Daddy will be coming and scrambling back over the path

in, in just a minute."JtIenry Reynolds strode in which they had come. Sometimes

"Yeah,"said Richard, as if the through halfripe wheat. It was they turned at right angles, leaving

weight of his twelve years lay heavthin, too thin. Half a crop, he a path as squarecut as if a machine

it. through run had state was Theily his chest. too! half a price on There thought—and bait, to according to going spread "Hi, loved Daddy!"he had been a time greeted Kathleen as had when

Henry Reynolds came in from this eighty acres of Idaho soil at the the newspapers, but so far the battle chores. "Today is the day we go head of a small valley. He had been had not progressed beyond the printto town and buy the college girl some proud of his private reservoir, fed ed page.

clothes!"by a small creek. He and Mary A fine lot he'd have to give Richwish—""Yes,"butsaidheHenrydid notgravely.finish the"I hadfarmhouse,planted theandtrees,dreamedand builtgreatthe ardBut toRichardstart seemedwith, Henryto despisethought.the

wish. dreams for their growing brood of farm anyway. He was sullen, hard

"What time are we going to strong and intelligent youngsters. to figure out.

town?"asked Mary. Sometimes it had been lonesome; the Kathleen was different. She was a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

she thought of Kathleen's fierce loyalty. She thought of Henry, too,

discouraged and beaten; Richard,

sensitive, vulnerable, like his father;

"NO,"SAID DR. GANN "I'M ALMOST why was it that two so much alike

CERTAIN OF COURSE OF THAT. THAT couldn't understand each other? A CHANCETHERE'S ALWAYS

IT IS."There was happygo-lucky Dean,

—howand weecouldDoris,sheandbearsweetto leavelittlethem?Rose

Mary Reynolds caught her breath sharply and squeezed back the tears that tried to come. This was no

way to do! She would go to Doctor

Gann and find out the truth. Sometimes, if you found out soon enough,

something could be done. She

wouldn't tell Henry until she found out. It would take money, money

that they didn't have—but there'd

have to be a way.

"They need me,"she whispered to herself. "I can't leave them!"

"Hep, hep, company halt!"said

Richard. "Advance three paces and

raise the colors!"He took three

measured steps forward and raised a stick. He was a Scout! He wasn't

sure that these were the orders under which the Scouts marched, nor whether they even hoisted their colors, but they might. They went

on hikes, and earned merit badges, and learned to tie knots and save lives!

As he let down the heavy gate to shut the water out of the ditch, Richard thought of how much fun it must be to wear a uniform, and march in parades, and even sometimes go to camp in summer! You could fish

in the reservoir, and hike up the canyon; you could even take spuds

to bake in the ashes of a campfire.

It was fun, all right, and having

Dean along was better than going alone; but it wasn't like going with

-*P<$Mtrn a whole bunch of fellows. Dean

liked to catch crawdads and make plucky kid. She had her heart set mud pies—baby stuff!

on being a teacher. She had helped

in the fields when the need arose; Wihen Richard arrived

she had earned a little here and at home, everybody was ready to leave there, hoeing beets, working as lwENTYTHREE dollars except himself and Kathleen. Henry

"hired girl,"driving derrick horse. and sixty cents,"said Kathleen. was impatient.

She always had a smile and a joke "That seems like an awful lot to Richard dived into the wash basin, like Mary. And when Henry spend for clothes!"made a dab at his neck and ears and

thought of Mary he grew more "It takes a lot,"said Mary. "You'll ran upstairs. Kathleen had his

sober. There was something the need shoes, and underthings; you clothes laid out on the bed. She was

matter with Mary. Henry didn't ought to have a nice long dress for ready, too, and was waiting for him.

know whether hers was a soul sickdancing.""Hurry, Dick,"she said. "I'll wait

ness, like his own, or whether she "There's my graduation dress. here for you."She waited until

needed a doctor's attention. Some- s nice. Richard was out to the car, and then

times when he was talking to her, "I don't know; I didn't make it she hurried out, too.

Henry would see that she was not fit too well around the waist,"said "I'm sorry I'm so slow, Daddy,"listening. Sometimes when she Mary, doubtfully. Kathleen said. "I'm an old, old

made a joke, so that they all laughed, "It's just fine!"Katnleen said. lady."

she would turn around quickly. Mary went outside quickly, ostenHenry smiled. Richard squeezed

Once Henry saw tears in her eyes sibly to feed the chickens. She Kathleen's hand in gratefulness.

as she turned around. swallowed a lump in her throat as {Continued on page 507)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

MEXICAN AND MAYAN CODICES By C E. DIBBLE Charles E. Dibble, Assistant

Assistant Curator, Department Curator in the Department of of Sociology and Anthropology, Sociology and Anthropology at the

University of Utah Universityhis B. A. degreeof Utah,inwhere1936, hespentreceivedtwo

of these codices which have survived years at the Univevsidad Nacional to our day, pointing out the character dedianMexicowritingsstudyinghe describes.the ancientHe Inre-

of their content: their wealth of ceived his M. A. degree in anthromythology, history, and religion. pology from that institution in 1938,

The writer has chosen from the betand was elected the following year to ter known and more accurately inpologia,the Sociedada societyMexicanaparticularlyde Anthrointer- ested in Central American culture.

A native of Layton, Utah, Mr. Dibble labored in the GermanAustrian

Mission from 1930 to 1933 and was a member of the North Davis Sunday

School Stake Board from 1933 to 1936.

DRESDEN CODEX, PAGE 74 the aloe ( agave Americana ) which the natives call maguey. The codex

Scattered among the numerous was usually a long sheet folded to libraries of Mexico Gity are spread out much as a scenic post well over a hundred ancient card folder with the paintings someIndian writings, most of them still times on one side but more often on awaiting interpretation by competent both. The ink was made from vegescholars. They represent what is table ox mineral dyes and was usuleft of a systematized destruction of ally red, bluegreen, yellow, or

Indian manuscripts by early Spanish black. The writings were essentially

missionaries and by the Indians hieroglyphic; yet, some of the Aztec

themselves. The missionaries viewwritings appear to have been aped the manuscripts as impediments proaching a phonetic system.

to the process of conversion, and The content of the Indian manuwith religious zeal reduced the native scripts was historical, astronomical, paintings to ashes. mythological, geographical, geneaThe first Archbishop of Mexico, logical, and religious. Due to their

Don Juan de Zumarraga, collected content, they were understood and all the paintings he could find in the read not by the layman but only by

Indian archives only to toss these those belonging to the highly organ- "tokens of bad spirits and the devil"into the flames. Bishop Diego de DRESDEN CODEX, PAGE 12 BORGIAN CODEX

Landa supervised an even more thorough destruction of native Mayan terpreted manuscripts that the reader writings in Yucatan. The less remay form an idea of the research

sponsible missionaries and unlettered yet to be realized on the unintersoldiers were not slow in imitating preted codices.

the work of their superiors, The indignant Indian, aware of the fate Description of Codices of his sacred writings, reluctantly destroyed them rather than see them HPhe codices were written by a spefall into the wanton hands of the cially trained and highly reconquering Spaniards. Some few spected group of native writers who

of these codices were hidden by the were schooled in the symbolism and

Indians, while others, falling into mythology of their people. Among

more appreciative hands, found their the Aztecs they were known as the way to Europe to be carefully preTlacuiloque (writers or painters).

served in public and private libraries. The manuscripts were painted on

It is the aim of this article to preskins, cotton cloth, or ( in most cases flUf sent representative pages from some on a fabric made from the leaves of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940 ized and thoroughly trained military:::-::::::':::::.";.:.:;.::,.:.:::.::.:--:--.--

and religious units.

The Mayan Codices "\I7e deal first with the Mayan codices, of which but three remain: the Dresden Codex, the Troano-Cortesianus, and the Peresianus

Codex. The deciphering and interpreting thus far realized on these indicate that they deal principally with

astronomy, chronology, and religion.

Dr. John Teeple, an American

astronomer, has been the outstanding student of th codices in their relationship to astronomy and has VATICAN B CODEX demonstrated that all the astronomical recordings, deal directly or indiwriting are 20 for the first higher the number 13, designated by two rectly with the calendrical system. unit, 360 for the second, 7,200 for bars and three dots. We also recThose who deserve mention for our the third, 144,000 for the fourth. ognize in the singleunit hierounderstanding of the chronological The numerals up to four are indiglyphs bordered by a heavy black

and calendrical part of the codices cated by dots, each five by a bar. line the signs of the twenty days of

are: Ernst Forstermann, Charles P. Thus the number 19 may be desig-1 their twentyday month. The double

Bowditch,"andj7f. "Goodman,"all nated hY three bars and four dots."column of dayhieroglyphs on the

scholars of the past century and the upper third of page 12 of the Dresearly years of the present century. den Codex, reading from left to right

Of the living students, we should and downward are: Ahau, Oc, Men,

cite the works of Sylvanus G. MorIk, Cimi, Lamat, and Eznab. Still

ley of Carnegie Institute and Herother day signs are given on the reman Beyer of Tulane University. mainder of the page.

Mythology and Religion Mathematics and Astronomy "pOR a resume of the mythology and

HThe abovementioned scholars have religion of the Maya I quote Dr.

revealed to us a people whom we S. G. Morley, the patriarch of living

pioneers as themust acknowledge Maya scholars.

in leaders of their timeand mathematics and calendrical astronomy. In closing this introduction, nothing could

call attention to than appropriate more be the birth of beforeLong Christ, when of importance the to supreme more once fumbling with was the Old World life ancient the of the Maya. in religion

the cumbersome Roman numeral Religion was indeed the very fountainsystem, the "Maya of Yucatan had head of their civilization, and on its rites and rarely lavished a devotion they of writing developed a method numobservances great of man. annals the in To its equaled

bers, subtracting. of adding and conception and the force due uplifting was

They had also invented a symbol MEND0ZA CODEX evolution of the hieroglyphic writing and for zero and given a value to their calendar, alike the invention and the exits priesthood. the of property To clusive to position. according of the twelvenumbers Dresden The On page the be attributed for sanctuary may need digits in their of several ascending values of examples Codex we see desire architecture; to its of origin Maya

for expression, the rise of Maya sculpture.

All activities reflected its powerful influence and all were more or less dominated by its need and teachings. In short, religion was

which foundation the upon the2 structure of reared. civilization was Maya

Dr. Paul Shellhaus is the one

scholar who directed his research in the field of Mayan religion. He is

chiefly responsible for the classification of the gods pictured in the three

Mayan codices:

On page seventyfour of the codex we have Goddess K, or the Water

Goddess. She is characterized by

the knotted serpent on her head and claws in the place of feet. She is

the personification of water in its %. t r (Continued on page 504)

.viSSsSifflix xFranz Boaz, Cultural Anthropology.

2S. G. Morley, An Introduction to the

TL0TZIN MAP Study of Maya Hieroglyphs.

THE COMMON SOURCE OF

VII. WE SHALL BE JUDGED

"fcvsLhij knsuL AhaUL bow muL sw&Juf hmqusLJustus atas a surelyfuture asdayweshalllive, standeach ofin the presence of the Great Judge AhaUL jc#n$MA,... Aaifinq.: JsuVl %DfdL,

to give account of the life we have lived while in mortality. The holy jcuuL qivsL qltfuf to him. who aHM/l upotL

prophets of God from Adam's day to the present time have declared ihsL iPuwnsL, fifv &UA. anxL swsl?l; $Pl. iPuL

that following resurrection we shall howc d Ma judqmsmt ia jcomsi. all be held accountable for our deeds

in accordance with the opportunities—Doctrine and Covenants 88:104.

we have had for righteousness. 1

If our actions have been good, a BY forcompensation of happiness, advance10 is the result;ment, and glory if they MILTON R.HUNTER,Ph.D. shallGod isdeclarejudge himself."his righteousness;

have been evil, misery, shame, and Associate, L. D. S. Institute of The God who is the principal

spiritual death close in upon the huReligion,. Logan, Utah judge of mankind is none other than

man soul. No better summary of this Jesus the Christ. He works in hareternal truth has been given by mormony with the other members of the

tal teachers than the following pertiGod, it is by obedience to that law upon Trinity. Quoting Apostle Peter:

nent statement made by Apostle which it is predicated.4 God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with

Paul: the Holy Ghost and with power..,. He

shall there a be The the to [Jesus] us preach unto commanded decree—that

is not deceived; Be for not mocked: God it to universal testify people, that forth and is he which gone judgment—haswhatsoever a that shall soweth man he to ordained the of be was God Judge of the the from Father mouth and of11also reap. that he For his soweth unto dead. quick and

flesh it "shall Son, His Begotten shall of Only flesh the and reap corruption; but

5 thathe soweth the unto Spirit shall the of fulfilled. return,"not In but be must to 2 According evangelist the John,Spirit life reap everlasting. the of Paul: Apostle words before the Savior's death taught He

all shall before stand the judgmentthe following doctrine: We

. Christ. The same great religious leader seat I live, saith of the Lord,. As

Father judgeth but the man, The hath no inwarned Christians Rome of to shall every knee bow, every me and all committed the judgment unto Son: Thatthe destructive to confess nature in tongue sin of God.6 the

all should the Son, honour men as evenfollowing words:

. they the Father. honour the as For continent, the the American On

life in Father hath himself, hath. if.so given he live after flesh, For the ye must ye explicit prophet very was Amulek life the to to in himself; Son have ifdie; and hath the spirit but to by put ye death the

in detailed his teachings the and on given authority to him execute... judgment ofdeeds the live. body, ye shall For

the wages of sin is death; but the free gift Judgment. Some of his doctrine is also, because he is the Son of Man.13

of follows: as God3 is eternal life in Christ Jesus our

Lord. point that people An important

all behold, that For cometh the day shall usually into neglect to take considerrise before stand from the dead and God,

It is true that character is built and and be judged according to their works... ation is the fact that we shall be held

that we receive rewards and punishNow, this restoration shall come to all, accountable for each word that we free, both young, old and both and bond in mortality. whilements speak Furtherfrom day to to day according

female, the both both male and wicked and more, diligenceour even the of secret thoughts in obedience to eternal... righteous; shall and [they] brought be

verities. The law of compensation and be arraigned before the bar of Christ our hearts will rise up at the judgoperates universally. A moral order the Son, and God the Father, to be judged ment day to condemn or to honor us.

exists which is just as exacting as the accordinggood or whetherto theirtheyworks,be evil.whether7 they be Alma the Younger, speaking to thephysical order, and the blessings wicked people of Ammonihah, stated

received in each realm come through The adjudication will be perfectly that when we are "brought before obedience to the laws which control just and fair, "so that men shall say, the bar of God to be judged accord-.. our words willthose orders. God revealed to the Verily there is a reward for the ing to our works.

us, will yea, all our worksProphet Joseph Smith that rewards is righteous that condemn there a: Verily God

8 us; not condemn be foundand invariably punishments we shall and the earth."the In judgeth in words

automatically follow our obedience of the Psalmist, "Jehovah sitteth as spotless; and 13our thoughts will also

or disobedience to the eternal laws king forever: He hath prepared his condemn us."

of truth. Quoting from the revelathrone for judgment; and he will

tion: judge the world in righteousness.""One needs only to turn to the New

There is a law, irrevocably decreed in Again it is written, "And the heavens Testament to find verification of this of teachings the truth in Gospel the of before foundationsheaven this world, all blessings are predicatedupon which of Galilee of Doctrine and Covenants, Section 130:2021; 132:5; the and the Apos88:3447. Man

And when we receive any blessing from BIsaiah 45:23; Pearl of Great Price, Moses 5:59. tle to the Gentiles. Jesus has left

14:10. Covenants, Section 75:2122; doctrine and Book 'Romans

of 9:2539; Mormon, Mormon, Alma 11:4144; Doctrine and Ibid., 50:6. 29:5; 32:1820; 7Book of 2 Nephi Alma

9:1418, 23; 3 Nephi 27:2327. Covenants, Section 29:30; 76:68, 73. HActa 10:38, 42.

2Galatians 6:7-8. 8Psalms 58:11. 12John 5:2223; 2627 30; Op cil., Moses 6:56.

Romans 8:13; 6:23. "Ibid. 18Book of Mormon, Alma 12:1214.

RELIGIOUS TRUTH

their departed reward of the proper souls aloft borne they were for not worthy excuse with found no mankind 18 83 sin. for for or virtue punishment heavens, of the to regions the of the judgment. law knowing He Osiris, sat the of Hall the In Judgment of cardinal concepts of the declared: One of soul the dead. of judge great every The

I say unto you that every idle word that man was brought there and weighed in the the other Mystery Religions men shall speak, they shall give account "Great Balance"in his presence, by Thoth, strong pagan rivals of Christianity scribe soul of the gods. the was The thereof in the of judgment. thy For day by a death following that came rep-—was heart, the resented and weighed was by justified, shaft thy thou words and by be were at which judgment men day the feather, of righteousagainst symbolic shalt thou be condemned.1* words

lives. their for If Acfailed ness. the heart held responsible to counterbalance is there shall that covered, nothing For

not be revealed; neither hid, that shall not the feather it was cast to an animal monster cording to the teachings of the

i. e., the of "Eater Dead,"Ammit, which Therefore be whatsoever have ye known. cult, dethe deceased Eleusinian

lion, crocodile, part part and part was in shall the in darkness heard spoken be sat into Pluto where Hades the the scended heart hippopotamus. and When light; that the in and have which spoken ye

ear in closets shall be proclaimed from the feather balanced exactly Thoth announced upon his throne and directed activhouse-tops.15 the fact to the gods of his company, and ities there. Persephone, the queen

then the soul of taken the deceased was the goddess underworld, by of the was

Osiris, into the of presence Horus these as Terrifying statements who20 redeath. of to his deserts. according him sinner, the they are warded sound to may the directs she Sitting beside Pluto,

true, "for the Lord is our judge, the Furies, and, like her husband, is cruel,

Lord is our lawgiver, the Lord is our unyielding, inimical to youth and life and

King,"and He has proclaimed these hope.24

eternal verities. Speaking of Demeter, the goddess

Here is John the Revelator's wordmother of the Eleusinian Mysteries, picture of the Great Judgment: and of Persephone and Pluto, Lewis

And I saw a great white throne, and him R. Farnell said:

that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was These deities, the mother and the daughfound no place for them. And I saw the ter and the dark god in the background,

dead, small and great, stand before God; were the powers that governed the world

and the books were opened: and another beyond the grave: those who had won their

book was opened, which is the book of friendship by initiation in this life would by life: and the dead were judged out of those the simple logic of faith regard themselves

things which were written in the books, as certain to win blessing at their hands according to their works.... And whosoin the next. And this, as far as we can

ever in written not found was the book of The Zoroastrian faith of ancient discern,the Eleusinianwas thehope.25ground on which flourished fire.16 into the cast lake of life was

Persia mantained that after death

Not only did the worshipers of the "Conscience, Daena,"accuses Assisting these major deities of the

Jehovah believe such a doctrine, but man of the wrong he has done while underworld were minor gods. Acpractically all the important religions in mortality. In the words of E. cording to Gayley:

of antiquity taught a similar conWashburn Hopkins: Before the judges of the lower worldsMinos, Aeacus, and Rhadamanthus—the cept, being Confucianism a possible

third the conscience meets him His on trial. to souls of the brought were dead exception. doctrine This a vital was in after death, the of a fair form maid day regions to assigned were condemned The

his ancient foul as hag, part of a conscience accuses paganism. a or Like and all torment them awaited of where manner

him, into or acquits so he fares forth fiftythread of truth golden the concept of monsters the at the hands dire—the of spirits, pleasant accompanied by Furies.2"the avenging headed and Hydra of a final all imworld connected judgment

till the soul's surroundings, or unpleasant portant that religious devotees with in the are deeds weighed balance and of the Orphic main effort The a it is divine revelation to sent or hell or purgatory heaven the Lord given by free to himworshiper pagan was to prophets. holy His self resuccessive of the wheel from the individual judgment of each At several early as years hundred As transof incarnation, theory as the death, at destiny "man's deterwas in B. faroff India the theory was C, the of soul the of migration was one his religion, his mined by and by final that taught great "a and day religion. Folbeliefs that of main this in thoughts, words, deeds and inevitable. of 22 Krishjudgment"was ascetirigid of a life lowing Orphic life."

na, a crucified "Saviorgod,"17was to cism and discipline, the postmortal be the "Judge of the dead."His Toroastrianism in its altered form cult member drank of the waters of

followers believed that he would rearrived in Rome 66 B. C. under the "Lake of Memory,"situated at

ward or punish them according to the name of Mithraism. Mithra had the left of the House of Hades. After

the lives they had lived while in been elevated to the position of the drinking he was able to remember mortality. god who sat upon a throne and the postmortem ritual and rules of

the earliest times the Egyptians From apjudged the souls of the deceased. If conduct when he appeared before believed firmly that the rightpear to have

lives, restained with judged. impure This were Persephone to be eous in be rewarded would

devil) his (the the or favorable sulted emisWorld, punished. which wicked and in a judgment the18 Other theyAhriman

27 [Osiris the of "Lord was] Underworld saries of reincarnations. cycle to dragged the the broke them down

of the Ruler and Dead."he presided Here

at the of bar to the infernal depths; but if they were (Concluded on page 504) assigned and judgment

Cumont, Cumont, o[ Mithra; Franz Mysteries The "Plutarch, et Osiride, 79; Harold Wilhide De 12:3637; "Matthew 135161; in Oriental Religions Paganism Roman 170. Romans 2:16. loughby. Regeneration, Pagan 15Luke 12:2-3. cit., 386. Hopkins, Willoughby, H3168; op.

cit., op. HO142. Guide.... 20A 20:1115. laRevelation 4654; WilClassic Charles Myths, M.op. Gayley,cit,.

17Kersey Greves, World's Sixteen The Crucified cit., 3637. op. 21E. Washburn Hopkins, The History of Religions, loughby,

Saviors, 262269; P. Jones. John India's Farnell, Problem, 393. Louis R. Cults of the Greek States, 111,

Krishna or Christ, 7576. 22George Foot Moore, History of Religions, II, 55; 197.

to the Egyptian Collections in the British I, 375. 398 18A Guide

142. Museum, World, 135137.ff; George A. Barton, The Religions of the Gayley,Willoughbyop. cit.,op. 51.cit., 90107.

Fifteen miles jhMijfa. MEXICAN DESERT

to GREENLAND

startling of plant story A Area. a Limited Variety in

BY are the shaggy, narrowleaf cottonwood for which the canyon was

GRANVILLE OLESON named and the somewhat more graceful boxelder; here are groups

of western hawthorne, or haw apples, and chokecherries with their fruit; there, the nearer I. A. Summer halfripe PS THE M. redbarked are stream's edge, some program gains momentum, dogwood, and just behind them is a

we offer here a stimulating clump of beautiful wild rose in account o[ things to see in flower. Along the roadside appear

nature, as we [ace the outof- strikingly beautiful groves of bigREACHING THEIR HEADS HIGH ABOVE doors with [amities and [riends. tooth maple, one of the two western

THEIR NEIGHBORS native maples, and nearer the creek is a mixture of red river birch and of the fifteenmile drive through alder with scatterings of elderberryvast desert spotted with sage and cactus, a region forgotBig Cottonwood. Thus, for botanand wild rose; and there where the

ten by Providence in the ical distribution, a trip to Brighton stream has deposited considerableoriginal earth plan but as an after- -—a safe hour's drive from Salt Lake silt is a mass of sandbar willows.thought made habitable by a few City—assumes the botanical breadth In the protecting shade of the maple

sparkling canyon streams which unof a two thousandmile journey groves can frequently be seen a lowder the ingenious hand of man have from Old Mexico to Labrador. growing hollylike plant, with

made possible a few isolated oases Beginning near the mouth of the unique purple fruits; this is the dein the midst of barren wastes: this canyon and looking towards the lightful Oregon grape which makes

may be the casual visitor's picture northeast, the scanty vegetation to such attractive Christmas wreaths of Utah. But a brief excursion into be seen upon the foothills is said to because of its semievergreen nature.

a convenient canyon will reveal a belong to the Sonoran life zone, beThe berries are edible, puckery, rich diversity of living things. In fact, cause the aridity and other climatic

botanists assert that there is scarcefactors are similar to the region cenUPPER BRANCH WITH PENDULOUS CONESly another region in the entire tering in the state of Sonera in DOUGLASRIGHT CONES—TRUEFIR. LOWER FIR.BRANCHTHEIRWITHCONESUPUnited States which contains such a Northern Mexico and extending ARE PRODUCED UPRIGHT LIKE CANDLESTICKS.

great variety of life forms as Utah. into lower California, New Mexico,

The chief factors of life distribuand Arizona. The region, charactertion are climatic, with altitude, latiized by ruggedness, has produced a

tude, air movement, and humidrugged type of life, for here are ity as the leading determinants. patches of scrub oak interspersed

Roughly, a one thousandfoot rise with sage and prickly pear, with an in altitude is equal to a threede- occasional picturesque juniper and gree, or approximately a two hunwestern sumac, and near the roaddred-mile, northward change in latiside is a clump of pungent squawtude. Thus the difference in altitude bush. But beware of the scattered

between the Old Mill at the mouth clumps of treacherous poison ivy of Big Cottonwood Canyon and with its attractive bright green

Brighton at its head corresponds to leaves and handsome white berries!

a onethousand- or twelvehundred- On the stream side, a half turn to mile journey northward, which the southwest, is an entirely different would take one near the borders of type of vegetation, for this is anGreenland or Alaska or into the other life zone. It is called the Trannorthern half of Hudson Bay. Clisition, because it is the zone of

matic conditions in the foot"hills at change from the harsh Sonoran to the mouth of the canyon are com- a more inviting zone on the north.

parable to the semidesert region The climate is noticeably cooler and centering in Northern Mexico. This more humid—small wonder that the

adds another eight hundred or one vegetation is distinctly different.

thousand miles to the climatic range Most conspicuous among the trees

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

in pectin, and make delicious jelly.

Even at this point in the canyon, where the vegetation on the north slope and stream side is distinctly

Upper Transition, there is a marked contrast on the south slope, for there the junipers, scrub oak, and sage clearly stamp the region as Upper

Sonoran.

A few miles farther up the canyon, as the road gets steeper, the air cooler, and the growth heavier, some stately evergreen trees come into view, reaching their heads high above their neighbors. These indicate the lower limit of the Canadian

life zone, so called from its resemALPINE MEADOW IN HUDSONIAN FORESTcones ONE OF NAPICNIC AREA. BRIGHTON LOWER to are never oneyear-old the greatblance of there North Woods DELIGHTFUL INTERESTING AND MOST tree TURE'S cones on aEastern America. North By many and twoyear-old ARCTICALPINE MEADOW. REGIONS: AN

people these trees would be called at any time; not even on all trees

miles farther on, as thepines. While they belong to the pine collectively are there two ages of A few

family as do all the conebearing cones, for cones are produced only grade gets steeper, there appear evergreens, the dark green one with in even years, as 1940 and 1942. some new types of evergreen trees. ones shortneedled beautiful The is of nature mysteriespersistent the dry of cones hanging penOne branchdrooping the somewhat with the trees fir all is the when the know valuabledulously Douglas how a to bluegreen from es, ranging into got they is even,of States. western deUnited year or how How characteristic color, are deepgreen cones Their rhythm.ceiving are this these strange for names, common

engelspruce (Picea Engelmann's like candleuprightthis a true fir at all produced is not sole are but a neighbors; their longneedled as on manni of pendulous distinct instead of sticks a called genusmember

Pseudotsaga, which means false the Douglas fir. with the darkcolored bark are anhemlock. They can be identified by So the pine grove hasn't a true other true fir, Alpine fir or Abies labal- also white as known over there is siocarpa, in it! But wait; pinetheir pendulous cones, dry each on

little the here are same sam, for mediumgreen differentlooking,scale small, is a a threeof which tongued appendage. The silveryindividual towering above its associpockets of balsam under the bark.

green specimen with the lightgreen ates; its needles are in bunches of The presence of these two species

bark is a true fir, Abies concotor, five enclosed at the base by a sheath. indicates that this is the Hudsonian

for its resemblance toknown also as black balsam. The This is a true pine known as westzone—named

balsam firs have little pockets of ern white pine or Limber pine (Pinthe great region surrounding Hudair is chilly!balsam under the outer bark which as flexilis). All true pines can be son Bay. No wonder the

one can puncture with the thumb distinguished from other members On the less steep slopes are great nail; the yellowish sticky substance of the pine family by this sheath at groves of poetic quaking aspen with

which exudes is the valuable balthe base of the needles, usually entheir attractive lightgreen, rustling sam of commerce. closing from two to five needles leaves. These are forerunners of

which, if held firmly together, fit evergreen forests, for among them

The peculiar thing about these against each other like the pieces are numerous Engelmann's spruce true firs is their rhythmic proof a pie and in aggregate make a and Alpine fir seedlings thriving in duction of cones, which is one of complete cylinder. There is one extheir protecting shade. In a few years

the wonders of nature. It requires ception, a pinion or nut pine, Pinus the aspens will obligingly die out and

two years to mature their cones and monophyllat which has a single leave the field to the evergreens, needle in its sheath, nature evidentwhich will then be sunhardy and no protection. HARDY INDEED MUST BE THESE STURDY PATRIly having forgotten to split it up into need

ARCHS THEIR FROM CENTURIES OF BATTLE three miles beyond the About parts. AGAINST THE ELEMENTS.

recreational area called "The Spruces,"the canyon widens into a comparatively level region known as

Giles Flat. A little excursion on

foot into this woodland will reveal many hidden things of nature. The

trail is closed in on all sides by typically Hudsonian forest of magnificent spruce and fir interspersed with quaking aspen. Here and there

are scattered many of the more adaptable shrubs from the zones below, but their development is much retarded; those which previously

were seen in fruit are here just coming into blossom.

The path leads into an opening

JBllllmm (Continued on page 502)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

officers and second in the courts. Every

JJvl patrolfirm, shouldor enforcementbe confidenceinspiringofficer, while Sisimsumbohini—

toward the violator.

His purpose should be to recognize that the offense unintentional was BENJAMIN result of the SAFETY though a careless or even act, reckless offender if the and that it is to given that understand the purCHALLENGE pose of the law, through the officer, tois R. BIRCHALL

help prevent the recurrence of the vioBy William Mulder

By D. A. SKEEN collectlation rathera fine, cooperationthan merelyis punishmore likelyand headline has ever announced

to be had. This is an educational work Vehicle Chairman, Administration Motor Birchanything R. that Benjamin an which enforcement officer can and No Committee, Council Utah Traffic Safety the all has done. be He would do. should

In considering the problem of highlast person in the world to want such the safety fundamentals and way of publicity. Like the thousands of unsung outstanding the of oneRecently its solution, in there education is the its in nation, the of newspapers lifelong deand pay men women who everpresent to element reckon human editorial folsection, printed the as regards cause, he to a votion good with.

:lowing sincerely praise highest the words engineering provided Automobile has is is thing, certain that however, One and spoken, done, thou good and vehicle. safe "Well automobile a good A is first that safety public responsibility the

of government, both local and state. Death standing still and without a driver is faithful servant."From his native Engin traffic represents a wasteful economic harmless. The vital factor in safety, land comes a record of service typical

loss in human resources. then, is the human factor.

of Latterday Saints honest in heart,

In fully meeting the challenge of the

This editorial was doubtless prompthuman factor we must know the limiwhose work and whose glory have been ed by a report of the National Safety tations of the individuals, both from the the nameless performance of the Lord's

Council to the effect that annually point of view of determining whether a work, often at times and in places least their lives lose32,000 persons through license should be issued what at all and convenient to them.accidents of the on the highways United limitations the should be placed upon

States and in addition to this traffic driver, and what, if any, educational In September of 1937, at the protoll, are injured persons 1,150,000 qualify to the driver. can done be work threescore verbial and ten, age of

in traffic accidents,annually and further, the license outset the to the went At a Birchall, Elder was ordained who loss traffic accithe economic through individual of the upon payment name dents annually is one and onehalf fee. Physical and mental factors were High Priest during Elder John A. Widtbillion dollars. considered only slightly. Mental qualisoe's presidency of the European MisIt is interesting to contemplate what fications of the applicant were not of sion, completed eighteen years as presthe reaction would be to this report if great concern. In a safety plan the ident of the Irish Free State District in

citizensthe applicant of of rigid examination States each the United were mentally,attacked morally, with the British Mission. He withdrew at outside force and or physically, some by

agency and the attack should produce a permanent record preserved, before the same time from active business and this same result. No one can feel that a license is issued, should provide the returned to England. His retirement

such destruction would be passed as proper precaution. Then, as a part of marked the close of a fortyone-year

educational supervisoryunavoidable. an and camactivity in the Church, of intense

this incycle recheck basis of a on often dispose of criticism our paign, on We Birchall a period which he and Sister for. formation should provided be life ofmode and activity simply by

characterizing it as due to the rush and As a part of the educational and stored with rich treasure.

supervisory there, contemplated, program to gethurry characteristic as the of those Statistically the memory there to reincluded should plan a of things. beAmerican doing way

like something days can be recalled the driver of every performance cord In the face terrible this of toll of life and the incident suffering and on permanent records available to this: baptized ninetyseven people;

economic loss, we can no longer stop at every enforcement officer and court. blessed forty children; performed one

this explanation. Most traffic accidents are considered hundred ordinations to the Priesthood;

result to proper of lack be the of fifty It at over first thought, as is and officiated often too was at tention at time. the proper A trafficatattended

ill first isthe case any public when marriages; traveled funerals; performed expert importance the has emphasized

recognized, that simply to pass a law of such inattention as follows: extensively, visiting and addressing

would solve the problem. This has

at forty driving are along British you district Mission. in the When everybeen and done done have until we hour, speed a miles is a reasonable an which recall Birchall havBrother and Sister of traffic laws, passedmaze every by off in clipping the are mile country, a you

lawmaking group in the various states. every minute and a half. But let's reduce ing entertained eight of the General AuThese enactments are often conflicting that mile to feet, and that minute and a half thorities in their home, which was often

It's to seconds. a simple but the problem, irritating confusingand and to the pubin the scene of Priesthood and other startling. is rather that speed, Atlic the extent to that disresult they provoke

to tock,""tick the it takes time say your offered you meetings, branch and whichregard unintentional violation and and feet. fiftynine travels plenty car Now fordisrespect generally. hospitality conorder at every openhouse law and

feet: fiftynine in distance of could a happen

long For too have a time emphawe ference. off ditch, the could into road be a and you

sized criminal prosecutions as the efor jammed up against a telephone pole in fective means of preventing traffic acthat distance alone, if you should happen to Despite their advanced age, Brother cidents. In this we now recognize hit a bad hole in the pavement. and Sister Birchall look forward to an

that we have been working backwards. opportunity to visit the House of the

is of vital the traffic of enforcement The subject toll, we must To reduce importance aspects. the Lord, the crowning achievement of and ourselves prepare and understand has many

Fundamental in this is the support and problem before, rather than merely lives which have endeavored to "trust confidence of the public, first in the check up after, the accident. in the Lord and do good."

By GILBERT H. ANDREWS Jhs,

was Campbell ohn J. to BETTER his preparatory desktidying up

leaving the schoolhouse on Thursday night when a face framed byneatly waved, blond hair appeared THE DAY in the doorway.

"Is the esteemed principal of the A SHORT

Central school at leisure?"said a SHORT

laughing voice. STORY

"He is,"exclaimed John, jumping in,up. Gwen. PROB- "Come SUNDAY THE WHICH Maybe he IN five minutes."youcan spare VIEW. INTO LOOMS LEM

"I was just wondering,"the young in front him, "if of took a seatlady views. I'll bring lunch for swell some A OF CLOSE RELATIVE "OH, OH! to Sunday? going busy be wereyou us."of both I TAKE IT?"DANIEL AND SAMUEL

planning a hike up TEASED THE CHARMING GIRL BEFORE MountWe're schoolhouse and the John locked HIM. to going is, we'reCall. That his street take started toward down the

the hike far can as and ascars we that boardinghouse. There was jolly, laughing to and hard be more lookout. the to therest of way We superinclass the School Sunday rest. talking the with cabin at Ranger's the take lunchcan first given he tendent him when had later said better,"she "That's in evening. the backand come Want to encourtrying been came. He'd a together alone they were whento come?"out. to negligent ones come age some moment. that sounds "Say, really felt accomplished swell—but—he'd He It just they noon when was if you've eh? "Buts, Of last Sundays. the At few something the cabin the ranger's and reached just thought date. anothergot Wecourse told least three the him of boys had higher that even lookout tower was half like rose go."to She mightyou last his lesson liked they had how trees. the surrounding than They seat. herfrom get to someone have week. He'd all tired to too do hungry and were sit ordered down,""Sit down, this just for his class to take else to directly the cabin but anything go isn't "It engagement anotherJohn. other of the time. one one Maybe in the charge them made where man II just thinking you, assure but was the teachers would. There was welcome. itthat Sunday, and—was fourth the and taught widow who after in lunch, of groups But two it silly. is, That's course "Of the fifth going wouldn't grades. be She sixtythey the climbed more, and time other going. we'rereason Any children. two anywhere. had She the to foot enjoy of the view tower will Bebusy. the be of crowdsome

sides, what'll we do if we don't go surrounding country. They took

on hikes or somewhere else?"It was a happy, carefree pictures of each other on the tower,

"Well, there's Sunday School and crowd that called for John Sunday of different places, and of the cabin.

meeting,"said John. Somehow he morning just before ten. He tried Some tried to get pictures of the little

laughed half apologetically as he not to notice the people gathering in town far away below in the valley.said it. front of the ward chapel as they And thus the day passed—-but some-

"Oh, oh! A close relative of drove by. He did see some of the how John felt relieved when they

Samuel and Daniel I take it?"teased boys in his Sunday School class started home.

the charming girl before him. "We frolicking on the lawn. Well, they

can go to church any time, John. would be in good hands. Mrs. liELLO, Mr. Campbell."

When it's cold, for instance. BePierce was a fine teacher. John turned to see Harry Layton,

sides, none of the crowd go to church Chatting gaily, singing snatches one of his Sunday School boys, when it's hot, unless they haven't of popular songs, the crowd was standing just beyond the fence.

anywhere else to go."soon at the point where they parked "Hello, Harry. How did Sunday

John didn't answer. He had vivid the two cars and started up the steep School go this morning?"he felt

memories of parents frowning on trail on foot. An hour later they compelled to ask.

Sunday Easter hikes and Sunday sat down to rest and to admire the "Not so hot,"replied the boy.

swimming parties. And he had debeautiful mountain lake surrounded "Well, I'll be back next Sundaylivered several sermons on the subby great pines. Its clear waters reand—"

ject himself as a missionary. flected the overhead sun and the "Us fellers won't be there next

But after all, this new life was surrounding trees. Sunday. We're gonna take a hike

different. He must be friendly with "Wish you'd gone to Sunday up Mount Call."

everyone. And then there was this School?"Gwen, who was sitting by John was glad that the dusk hid

young lady and the rest of her crowd John said, as she laid a hand on his the expression on his face.

who had welcomed him as one of arm. "Tell you what, Harry."He

them the day he arrived in town. "I should say not,"he exclaimed, came closer. "Tomorrow after school

He did owe something to these but to him it seemed that his voice let's plan some sort of a hike for the young folk. did not carry conviction. "I'm havwhole room next Saturday. We can

"O. K."said John. "I'll go, and ing the time of my life."go up the mountain if you wish. I'd

thanks a lot for inviting me.""You're pretty quiet about it all,"like to have you fellows at Sunday

"Don't forget to bring your she said. He made no reply. When School next time because I've got

kodak,"she called back. "There are they started on up the trail, he tried something special planned for you."

JJul QnApihsxL (fbwl&imL i> ihjL

VI. Your memorialist feels... the time has

now come, when he [Joseph Smith] should r\iD Joseph Smith completely revise devote himself exclusively to those things spiritualities of relate the to the which BIBLE the Bible or not? The evidence transof Church, the work and commence BY careful requiresis divided and lating the records, the Bible, and Egyptian

analysis. revelations for the such wait upon Lord On the one hand we have DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY to conditions the suited and be as maythe following:

( 1 ) The Prophet Joseph in his AND thecircumstancesChurch 4:136137.)of the Church. (History of

journal recorded: MERRILL Y. VAN WAGONER An analysis of the above excerpt I completed the translation and review

of the New Testament, on the 2nd of Of Btigham Young University is convenient at this point. If you

February, 1833, and sealed it up, no more read it again you will notice the untill it arrived in Zion. {Histo be opened all things lation scriptures, of and my It is inwhat- expected word commence.tory 1:324.) I shall the Church (Doctrine of soever you. command of deed unexpected, for the work 94:10.) and Covenants

(2) July 2, 1833, Sidney Rigdon translating the Bible was begun over wrote He later commanded them: ten years before this memorial was

presented. does the word Why then shinelah even yourselves, to To organize fatigued, exceedingly owing are We in the memorial? appear commence scripfulness of [print] the words, tomy my great press of business.a this day We

tures. 104:58.) (Doctrine Covenants and turn must For an explanationfinished translating Scriptures. the of the we

back to the time when the Prophet

In the same letter he also said: And seven years later, the Lord was engaged in translating.

Having finished the translation of the said of William Law: Frequently as the work progressBible, a will hencewill from few hours since. (History of the let him If he do my it in his mentioned ed the Prophet

1:368369.)Church of to counsel forth the hearken my servant followas the in such terms the journal interest his support with and Joseph,

(3) The Lord declared on Febcause of the poor, and publish the new ing:

inthe of translation holy word unto myruary 9, 1831: During the month of April, I continued earth. (Doctrine and Coveof the habitants

Thou shalt ask, and my scriptures shall nants 124:89.) to translate the Scriptures. (History of the

be given as I have appointed, and they shall Church 1:170.)

in safety; preservedbe revelations in It is plain these made

it is that expedient thou shouldst And Italics also ours in the following the to give intended that the Lord thyhold them, concerning peace not and quotations Scrips full, that in the Scriptures and untilteach in received them them ye have untilfull. taught they to not tures were be early part of The spent September was

I give that unto you a commandment And full. are in received There were in making preparations to to the remove

all shall for teachthen ye unto men; them of declarations respective of also town the Hiram, and the our renew work on

all shall taughtthey nations, kinunto be translation Bible. the of the (History of RigSidney the Prophet and Josephdreds, tongues, people. and 1:211.) Church Testathat the and Old don shalt the things take thou which New Thou

I little did than to prepare more recomreceived,hast "fingiven unto been which have "completed"and ments were the translation mence of the Bible. (History in scripturesthee for to law, a be my my If the this at stage ished."add we the 1:215.) Church of to church; governlaw my provisions the of statements above I renewed the translation of work to that these on doeth according he my And

things shall be saved, and he that doeth them made by the Lord for the publishing the Scriptures. (History of the Church 1:

not shall be damned if he so continue. of the "New Translation,"we would 219.)

(Doctrine and Covenants 42:5660.) consider as a matter of course that I resumed the translation of the Scriptures,

the Scriptures must have been reand continued to labor in this branch of ) calling with Elder Sidney Eleven later, January, my months as Rigdon ( 4 full, in else ceived or the command-: scribe. ( 1 History the my 238. of Church1832, the Lord Joseph commanded to publish not have ment would them

I the translation recommenced of the Rigdon Sidneyand given. is substantially the This been: Scriptures. ( 1 History the of 242. Church

it translate again; as and, inasmuch To of the the Reheld members view by translation the I resumed the of Scripis practicable, to in regions the preach round furtures. as church, organized urge revelations who sundry From which had

it is until after that conference;about and

it received, been that was apparent many the ther are evidence that church they to translathe of continueexpedient work important points touching the salvation of fact in that the succession true they it finished. untiltion (Doctrine and be man, had taken Bible, been the from lost or

73:3-4.)Covenants as Scriptures publish revised the by it before compiled. was (History the of

Smith. the Prophet Joseph 1:245.) Church We

later, ( a year on March 5 ) Over to here, for stop cannot however, as I affairs, could I As soon arrange my8, 1 said to the Prophet 833, the Lord this overis to accept the translation viewpoint recommenced the of ScripJoseph simplify the problem, as it leaves tures, and thus I spent most of the summer.

And when you have finished the transuntouched certain items of evidence (History of the Church 1:273.)

shall prophets,lation of the from you the affairs of preside over thethenceforth which demand recognition. In June 1835, he recorded:

church and the school [of the prophets], The facts which dispute the com- (Doctrine and Covenants 90:13.) plete revision of the Bible are of Soon after this, some of the Saints at

the purchased papyand mummies principal two kinds—statements by Kirtlandrus, of shall a description which appear printing to the himself Prophet the new transand eviJoseph ( 6 ) As hereafter, Phelps and with and W. W.lation, the the Lord Revision. within Inspired dence the commanded I scribes, as Oliver Cowdery commenced

Saints to dedicate the second lot That the Prophet intended while at the translation of some of the characters south of the site of the Kirtland Nauvoo further to revise the Bible or hieroglyphics, and much to our joy found

Temple: is definitely set forth in a memorial to thatof Abraham,one of theanotherrolls containedthe writingstheofwritingsJoseph

For the building of a house unto me, the High Council of the Church, in Egypt, etc. (History of the Church

for the work of the printing of the transdated June 18, 1840. In it he said: 2:236.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

And on October 7: used for illustration because of its The Hebrew text reads: "the vats

This afternoon I recommenced translating oddity, is in Joel 2:24b, which in shall overflow with wine and oil."

the ancient records. (History of the Church both versions reads: "And the fats The word fats is a carryover from

2:289.) shall overflow with wine and oil. the Old English faet. Compare vat

of Dutch and Old Norse. This again 1830 between and Again archaic misunderstood and word the the Prophet used 1835and the from standpoint of modern Engcontinue, resume, renew, andwords lish thus goes uncorrected in the

recommence when speaking of transspired Revision. Inlating both the Bible and the Book

of Abraham. Why, then, in 1840 Another example, verse five of the

does he say commence the work of eighth Psalm, which is a passage of translating the Egyptian records and great doctrinal interest to us, was the Bible? The answer is simply that incorrectly rendered by the King

the Prophet Joseph did not deliver James translators and furthermore the memorial in person, but, accordretains the same reading in the Ining to his custom, he had dictated spired Revision. Although the Hetext reads, "thou hast made it to a scribe to brew later read and it8 was little him a lower than the gods,"Council.the It is highly probHigh

able that the scribe mistakenly re- (the word elohim, which is gods, corded commence in place of the rebeing used), the King James and commence dictated by the Prophet. Inspired Revision are the same in

At any rate, the foregoing shows rendering it, "for thou hast made him little lower than the angels."clearly that the Prophet Joseph could

not have thought of commencing the Only a preconceived religious conwork of translation, for he had alception could have prompted the ready done much of it. And it is King James translators to render

only logical to conclude that he inthe word Elohim as angels. Hence

tended to recommence or continue this is one instance of dishonesty on the uncompleted work. their part.

Furthermore, President George And then to the youthful Prophet

Q. Cannon, in his Life of Joseph Joseph, on the night of September

Smith, states: 21, 1823, Moroni quoted, with other

passages of scripture, part of the have President heard Brigham We third chapter of Malachi and all the state that his the Prophet,Young before death, had spoken to him about going fourth. Verses one, five, and six of

through the translation of the Scriptures chapter four, as they were quoted again and perfecting it upon points of by Moroni, differ from the usual doctrine the restrained which Lord had him in reading found both the King James in givingfrom plainness at fulness the and version Inspired Revision. and of time write. which (George we Q.

Cannon, Life of Joseph Smith, p. 142, footThese read as follows:

note.) For, behold, the day cometh, that shall

HPhe second body of evidence which burnand allas thatan oven;do wickedly,and all shallthe proud,be stubble;yea,

disputes the complete revision and the day that cometh shall burn them of the Bible by the Prophet can be up,leavesaiththemtheneitherLord rootof Hosts,nor branch.that it shall comparing the Kingfound by James

I Behold, will send Elijah the you prophetversion the Inspired Revision. and before the of coming the great dreadful and

This readily shows that he did not day of the Lord:

make a thorough revision or correct And he shall turn the heart of the fathers all the errors in the Bible. For into the children, and the heart of the children

stance, in some books such as Hosea, to their fathers, lest I come and smite the which modern scholarship declares earth with a curse. (Malachi 4:1, 5-6.)

to have a highly corrupt text, the Moroni quoted as follows:

Prophet has made little or no 7 behold, For the day that shall comethchange.

as burn all an oven, and the proud, yea,

Certain errors and peculiarities of and all that do wickedly shall burn as the King James version have been stubble; for they that come shall burn them,

it shall leaveretained verbatim. A minor example, saiththem theneitherLordrootof Hosts,nor branch.that

year before the memorial, the 6A Prophet Joseph I Behold, will reveal the unto Priest'you tocaused be in his recorded journal: "Friday, July the by the hand Elijah prophet, of I5, dictating history, was 1839.—dictating for hood, I say

I seldom use the pen myself. I always dictate all my before the coming of the great and dreadful

communications, but employ a scribe to write them."of the day Lord.

(History 4:1.) of the Church one was The memorial he shall And plant in the hearts of theof these dictated communications.

7"There is no book of the Old Testament which has children the promises made to the fathers, suffered textual from more corruption than Hosea, the and the children shall hearts of turn is hardly single aThere verse of the which reader can to their fathers. not so, If it were the whole that itbe sure has not less altered, or been more

generally by accident. A large part of the text, as it earth would be utterly wasted at his coming.

isstands, meaningless, though good sense often can (Pearl of Great Price, Writings of Joseph slightbe obtained very by changes."E. (W. O. 2:3739. Italics Smith to ours indicateOesterley and Theodore Robinson, H. Introduction An

changes.)to the the Books 1934, Testament, of Old York, New HILL MONUMENT, LORENZO CUMORAH

p. 354.) DESIGNER'; SCULPTOR.S. YOUNG, TORLIEF KNAPHUS, (Continued on page 488)

A NATIONAL DISEASE By W. BLAKE CHRISTENSEN

Instructor in Bacteriology, Pocatello Branch College

the surface of the human body theless gradually undermine the health ONat all times are countless miland resistance of the body until it belions of bacteria, but the great comes subject to more serious infecmajority of these bacteria are fortutions that are likely to follow and that nately more or less harmless. Occamay be fatal if medical attention is not

BRIGHAM THOMAS onsionally,the skinhowever,an organismthere isknownto be foundtechsought.Our national attitude toward drugs

HIGGSwhichnically underas certainStaphylococcusconditions canaureusinandscribedtobaccoattitudeis similarof the tohumanthe abovebody deto-

Builder of Houses and Men vade the body tissues and produce ward these different types of staphyloboils and carbuncles. coccic infections. Thus, when an outFrom a sketch Whenever a virulent strain of this break occurs in drug traffic involving

By EMMA H. WAKEFIELD organismgins to growpenetratesat thetheexpenseskin andof bethe morphinetion's defensesor cocainein theorformopium,of theits pona-

body tissues, the body immediately relice officers are immediately mobilized

Because throughout his life he was sponds by sending white blood corto combat the forces of the drug rings.

not afraid to do a little more than puscles and increased supplies of blood Similarly, with the attack of a virulent was asked of him, Brigham to the point of infection. As a result, strain of staphylococcus aureus on the

Thomas Higgs, who for fortyfour the point of infection becomes red and human body, the body defenses are years served Brigham Young Universwollen and very painful indeed. Unmobilized to attack the invading

sity as instructor in woodwork and der ordinary conditions the body is bacteria.

custodian of buildings and grounds, was eventually successful in combating this With the tobacco industry, which loved and respected. At the time of infection; the bacteria are killed by the promotes the sale of a drug of weaker

his death in July, 1939, at the age of body defenses; the injured tissues are powers than cocaine, or morphine, or

eightyone, it was said of him by one repaired; and the body as a whole is opium, the nation pays little or no atof his associates: "He could do more not seriously damaged. tention to the evil effects of tobacco

things well than any of us at the univerHowever, at times there are certain on the health of the nation, just as the sity."weaker kinds of Staphylococcus aureus human body pays little attention to the

Born March 10, 1858, in a little house which enter the body tissues, but which weaker staphylococcus infections. And

just inside famed Eagle Gate in Salt because of their lack of virulence, canas the vitality of the human body deLake City, he early learned the trade not make the body respond with such clines under the influence of these inof his father, who was carpenter to vigor as would be the case if the orfections, so does the vitality of the

President Brigham Young, and received ganisms were of the stronger type. In nation decline under the influence of

training in an uncle's machine shop. other words, the human body in the tobacco. The tobacco disease seems

That laid the foundation for all his case of these weaker bacteria refuses therefore to be a greater menace to the future service: after his marriage to to take the infection seriously and aU general health and well being than the

Susie Summers, he moved to Manti at lows the bacteria to remain more or traffic in stronger drugs simply bethe time the temple was being built; less unmolested in the body tissues. The cause it is not considered a menace

then, in Castle Valley, he built sucdiseases, chronic nasal sinusitis, chronat all.

cessively a number burr ic osteomyelitis, chronic staphythis of firsts—a discan and national we cure How

flour mill, a sawmill, a roller flour and lococcic are of inease? examples only is to empyema the educate The way

mill; in Emery County he spent many fections produced by the weaker orpeople to the facts about tobacco.

years building houses, and for a time ganisms. Once this is accomplished, the use of

was foreman for a house construction These weaker bacteria, unlike the tobacco will decline and will disappear.

company in Ogden. stronger ones, do not leave the body The disappearance of the habit is of

In 1895 he first came to Brigham unmolested, and they are a very real course far in the future, but it is up

Young University to care for the heatsource of danger. From the point of to us all to hasten the time as much

ing nature, to his generous plant. True infection, poisons are sent as possible. this out all over eradicate must We repair sparehe devoted doing moments is very small national the body in that which, amounts disease sapping our

jobs about the school and cabinetwork although not causing spectacular symphealth, our strength, and our intellifor the offices. His willingness and toms of disease to develop, do nevergence.

superior workmanship were soon recognized and he was made teacher in the woodwork department, a position the plan under his supervision proved mind, part of whose homespun philoshe held for twenty years. highly successful. He loved the work, ophy was that a father should be the

It was later, as custodian, that his and he loved the boys, and in turn won kind of man he would be proud to have vision conceived the plan to have stutheir admiration for the lifelessons he his son become, will be long rememberdents perform the janitorial work, theretaught them. ed by the thousands who learned to

by enabling them to pay their way Brigham T. Higgs, an exemplary know him during his active, devoted

through college. Experimental at first, Latterday Saint, energetic in body and life.

Jh&toLL Aomolhin about A SPRIG OF SAGE

jmtL L qbtL who h&mindA. owl i>$

awcJv JthmgA.

a LYN FELT DEJECTED TO OF ILLNESS. POINT

is the THE ENCOUNTER BUT THE HAD K,.entIverson

TO HER. SOMETHING DONEranger. His anyhorse can beat

body's, I bet; only I hope he don't

marry that old Isabel Hamilton,"contributed little Timmie, conversationally. BY back. She tightened the cinch, an

"Isabel Hamilton?"Lyn lowered act that swayed Pepper on his long,

the forkful of scrambled eggs careALICE MORREY BAILEY powerful legs. Anger lifted her chin,

fully back to her plate. Kent's name flushed her cheeks in the ride through

always played tricks with her comthe early dawn, blinding her to the posure. Lyn. He has a man's work to do, beauty, the beloved landmarks;

"Yes. Isabel is home from school, and does it well. He's just at that anger rode with her into the din and

too, but she isn't going back to gradage when he resents having a girl battle of forcing the herd across the uate, like you are. She quit, her along, but he's short of help and icy river.

get couldn't says, but I don't know. There really you. needs think He Let themmothersomething—was cattle sense but the with anybody Staff. and Mother whatKent—withthey pleasethe "Does Kent—does Isabel—?"said Findley boy, who, he says, rides like level look in his eyes, the purpose beLyn, and stopped. an old woman. I'm sure he's teasing, hind them, the power, the honor, the

"I'll say she does,"put in Stafford, about Kent, I mean."courtesy—was not for a girl like

Lyn's brother. "She chases him "No, he isn't,"thought Lyn. Isabel, who saw only his good looks

around in her car and picks him off "He's entirely right, but no use to and the perfect way he wore his the range almost every day. She try to explain to Mother."clothes.

doesn't seem to realize he's got his "I hope things come right for you, Lyn could stop it. She was pretty,

hands full with all the men driving Lyn,"her mother was saying. "But slim, immaculately dressed, even a

off cattle, permits to be watched, and I'd hate to have a daughter of mine little "glamorous"according to the the salt licks being placed. The behave like Isabel does to accomplish boys at school. And she was poised.

other day she pulled up when we them. You'd better go now. StafMore important, her ideals were the

were vaccinating for blackleg and ford'll be needing you to help get same as those of Kent. Certainly

wasted half an hour of his time. the cattle across the river."the end justified the means. Anger

You haven't got a chance."Lyn went, without replying. went out of her as quiet settled over

"Why, Stafford Billings!"said So. Isabel was out to get Kent. the plodding herd.

Lyn—-"Lyn's mother, shocked. "I'm sure Well,thing tomaybethe hergood.methodsLyn hadhad somegiven grudgesLyn tookundera deepthisbreath.clean sweepNo fustyof

"The dickens she doesn't! That's the other way a fair trial. Four sky!

all she wants to take this trip with years of waiting had netted her exme for—she thinks she'll see Kent. actly four years of silence from Kent. J- he morning wore on and

Dressed like a movie queen! 'Bout "I'm afraid Isabel is going to Lyn did not tire. Of course, Staff

the time her horse busts right through have a little competition,"Lyn told took most of the rough work, leaving a bullberry patch she'll wish she had herself grimly as she forced the bit Lyn to ride the trail, push the little on leather clothes. Girls make me between Pepper's set teeth. Anger calves who were lagging already,

sick,"he finished contemptuously, ran through her as she threw the with tongues out, legs trembling, soft and was gone. heavy stock saddle in a wide arc that eyes drooping pathetically. Frank

"Don't pay any attention to him. settled it precisely on the horse's (Continued on page 500)

SALT LAKE CITY, A REGIONAL Then and Now. The last section presents they were. Even if she had to dig in the

CAPITAL brief biographies of children's authors. One mud and wade barefooted in the water to

(Chauncey Dennison Harris. The of the incomparable values of this book is make her adobes, she was willing to do so,

University of Chicago Libraries, 1940.) the comprehensive list of references for if only that day would speedily come when

additional stuthe reading children the things suggested and her should which have this in receives informCity Lake Oalt activities follow dent chapter. herself to be each she which never craved and seemed

ative, scholarly, interesting and volume, is afford. to Story exVerse Children and able an had for she wanted Always

treatment. modern geographical city The silk collar, to valuable tremely lace addition dress anyone's with and a a blue

is to serve shown dominate and a region of it finally there a necessity doctor son her from where came when library—and miles 185,000 in live square 790,000 which in children to that ends, the be discriminating story guided so where you are—but is It people. really capital. regional a This reading. read C. C. /. must M. J. it.—M.is is statement defended in easy language by

a great wealth of evidence, exceedingly well PROFESSIONS VOCATIONS AND THOREAU organized and simply Lotz. presented. Henry (Edited by Philip auThe (Henry Seidel Canby. Houghton Mifflin

thor presents the panorama, supported by Company, Boston. 508 pages. $3.75.) Association Press, New York, 1940.

seventeen maps of the city, the Wasatch 145 pages. $1.25.)

that the of with Emerson, name oasis, the Salt region, City Lake trade Along to be great care needs when Nowadays is to of conjured Thoreau be one history, flows, the contributing settlements, the exercised of in choice vocation a It all to with. love means finally much the who localization and of regional

is this the apropos. through volume Told in feel that her they nature and in functions the city. who may arises the from One

interesting lives of the characters, bebook souls. their find years, restore to much For reading a with clearer and understandnew

it includes valuable because doubly comes this has lover of ardent nature however, ing of the present place future the and possketches, also biographs. the such Through neglected. sibilities been of the region of Salt which Lake

social, musical, the medical, vocations as that in spite the has of is found author the It The City capital. natural is really an

scientific, in addition journalistic treated are seriousness intense with which Thoreau interpretative Salt of handbook City Lake aviator, naturalist, to those of merchant, his its a pursued deep keen he had and region, work and should which receive wide will offer a missionary. and This volume talking of sense humor. he popular was reading and When should also which be

for real teachers parents opportunity and his that ancestors, said frequently in about he the of hands professional business and to of cognizant and people young become in his arrived grandfather America, "sans of region. the men congratulate Dr. We learn at vocations that the time they same lightspite his In of souci, sous."sans this Harris study of upon region a his which

in professions. the leading about men talking his anof hearted manner ancestors in a when had developing. hand—M. C. /. in cestors, he deal of pride took a great his MARGARET FULLER—/. A. W. lineage. the he descended from Wasn't

(Mason Viking The Wade. Press, New in lines best France? and England ANCIENTTHE MEXICAN SYSTEM 1940. pages. $3.50.) 297 figures of the in early York, great (Charles One E. Dibble. Edited by E. R.

life, should American Thoreau of Anthropology, subtitle Smith, Museum of the of book, "Whetstone be better The than he is. This book University by a recognized of Utah, 1940.) known is for this gifted well chosen, Genius,"

fill writer muchfelt should a /. C. need.-—M. stirred latent the others of powers woman brief '"Phis will paper of interbe much realization. ability spite to In of and her -* est to students of the of Book Mormon, BIRD IN TREE THE THE talents, misinor neglected she has been

to ancient is of (Elizabeth perennial America Goudge. whom CowardMcCann, life terpreted, of although study a her makes

interest. Following Inc., short a pages. but enlightenYork. $2.50.) 339 New greatest readily era England's more New ing the of account ancient writing Mexican generations understandable. of Born two delightful that touch has a Goudge is Miss a dictionary system of about 130 hierobeliefs in their outspoken and were who all this enlivens In that handles. she glyphics the in used (Aztec) NahuatI lanfearless their in of they championship what life of the family novel coast of foreign on guage. is each its hieroglyph For given believed right, Fuller received Margaret the Eliot of story love Hampshire, David in value composition, in NahuatI, name and training intensified ancestors'her which poignantly. unfolds deNadine and The English equivalent. admittedly the While qualities. lightful children the of Ben, whimsey Tomis based laterwork the of upon one codices her, denied Because beauty Margaret was will Caroline noscause a and my, many it is yet representative of (XOLOTL), the Fuller to "bright determined ugly."be and talgic chuckle, are the of while messageshieroglyphs of the earlier It codices. has fact that able, she before unher was The during these import troublous tremendous long the been of hope the public as well the to timely forty, at translate death of age times.as of scholars that existing the codices might lanthe teach from books German, many lives the her charleading of Through to decipheredbe shed light the history on that her pupils guages so enjoyed and them acters, selfish that teaches the Miss Goudge life ofand ancient is America. This a good able fluently to read after only were them interests of persons be must even submerged,piece of trained scholar, a work by which short study, a of period that conshe formed at sacrifice, the of cost for the great goodshould be W. A versations groups, that she wrote, and continued.-—/. may the of greater lesson much number—a

indicate versatility the and somewhat in also needed world. our She modernSTORY VERSE AND FOR CHILDREN ability truly this of remarkable woman. leaves the the readers with comforting (Selected and Edited Miriam by

/. C. spirit that the thought of wings. has man—M.Blanton Huber. Macmillan Company,New York, 1940. 857 pages.)—M. C. J. GENTLEMAN OF STRATFORD

Brophy. Brothers, (John Harper and SMITHS OF THE MOTHER this anthology, editor the aTn has done

Carr. (Lorraine 1940. York, Macmillan 346 pages.) Company, New* remarkable selecting job not of only ma1940. York, pages. 296 Newterial for inclusion, of but also writing helpdramatist as has become a $2.50.) Shakespeare

ful chapters, invaluable for parents and Tnto the little village of Taos, Sabe and citizen of the world, having been made teachers who are concerned with the read- * Si Smith moved with their earthly posnational poet of countless countries into ing of children. Included in the first section, sessions to make themselves a home. Sabe whose tongues his immortal English has

titled "Books and Children,"is a selection belonged to that valiant band of pioneers been translated. Shakespeare as man is

from Hamlin Garland in which he poigwho refused to let conditions remain as less wellknown. In this novel, John

nantly tells of his hungering for books and Brophy has done a rather remarkable job what they did for him. What happened to in several ways. He has not only made

him in his reading happens frequently to A TRANSITORY WISH Shakespeare live for us, but he has also many children recreated the world in which Shakespeare who cannot express themBy Alice Whitson Nortonselves so adequately. moved; amazingly the enough author has

The chapter dealing with the history of T wish that I might fill my arms with peace, recaptured even the words which the folk children's literature is vital to an under- * The kind that broods in forests, dense and of the period used.

standing of our modern situation. The secgray, Of great merit is the "Author's Posttion on poetry, including eight subdivisions, To use like sweet incense within my home, script: Historical Origins,"in which Mr.

is particularly good. Other divisions deal When noise and mad confusion mar the Brophy explains his reasons for his interprewith Old Tales and Legends, Stories of day. tation of Shakespeare. M. C, ],

PEACE A SWEETER MELODY AT CLOSE OF DAY

By Edith Granger Hawkes By Celia A. Van Cott By Alice R. Rich

little home rests on a greening falls on wood and field and hill TwilightPeace is not inertia, not indifference, no, Our buzzing bees and hummingbirds nor sleep! stream; Where

It is not blindness to our country's needs Add dreamy notes to golden symphonies. The sun dips low into the lake of blue.

and rights; In white moonlight, wistarias spill Its rays of amber change to burnished gold,

Nor is it cowardice nor selfish love of ease. Their purple clusters on our window sill. And mingle with the spray in roseate hue.

the are brief; days summer windy breezeThey lie who say so—lie to make the right The

in loose Unswirls leaves tumbling rhapHushed and still are bird and humming bee. seem wrong,

To cover what they fain would have the sodies; The wood folk seek their burrows and their

world believe Song birds fly south; the world lies white nest.

That fighting is the only way to gain our and still. A heavenly peace pervades this sweet reends. treat

Each fragrant flower is but a memory; Calm and serene, all nature sinks to rest.

Dear God White moonlight on the hill, a shaft of pain;

Remind them, then, of those who lie in forThe lyric songs of birds, lost ecstacy;

eign fields, The echo of each note, a sad refrain. FRIENDLY STREET

fathers, or their brothers, or the friendsTheir I hear a sweeter melody: My love,

friends! of footsteps striding Your homing up the lane! By Ida R. Alldvedge

because strangers those died we whoNo live to in village street peaceful long peace; not dared

children's the floats laughter I Where upon is the are brave courage, peace andFor TIME OF OUT breeze ever they trees the stately echoes through poplar And "I the say, Edith stand against throng Cherrington and ByWho their streamlets flow lave mossy and Where will kill."not

feet. is but never stilled, empty nHE hall

Peace is a quiet world in which to live and -* For Time, as he measures the hours, has The kindly folk are in the village street;

work; filled They meet at eventide to clasp the hand.

Peace is the clasp of hands across the sunThe space with his steady, incessant talk. What matters whence they came, their nadering sea; The measured voice of the Grandfather tive land,

Peace is a dream that we ourselves may clock So long as they can meet in friendly street?

bring to pass, Counts in a dignified monotone The youth and maiden dream, as arm in arm

If we but face the nations, strong in truth And lets the sum of the hours be known They listen to the warbler's merry tune and right. As he calls them off with a clang of bells. And revel in the beauty of the moon.

All nature lends to them romantic charm.

FAITH Coulddwellit be that back of the clock there AndOh, takelet memedwellfrominthefriendlybusy martsstreet ofagain!men

By Anna Johnson The wornout hours from the counted past?

Tusseled prisoned and numbered and

Faith is a winging lark that minutes fast TWO PIANOS Mummied be drawn may nestles within That the soul; From the tomb of time, and remarked upon? By Norma Wrathall is bright with joy Its song *- 4Jt

roll. measures notes and As fine piano neighbor owns my A flies It the waves; beyond EVENING REMEMBRANCES its Shining dulcet ** tones new, and It the soars storm; above

fingers carefully Released placed, by fall strains Solveig gentle Russell Paulson back By And feet are beneath braced; primly While spirit the warm. keep To

its errant to toe sheen mar No the seen creep shadows night dark, depressing In satin, softly seen. Mahogany * hill the from T Downhave sea, troubled the on Or

their fingers lay hushing And faith lark of winging That piano, comrade's a own; My trees, the whispering willow On strains to me. Sings of hope its old, lilting Mellow and tone

tall the grain. of heads on waving And fingers that Answering sing, skim and

fill red seen clouds I have feet beneath gently While must swing placid loveliness brook evening with A NIGHT SUMMER the rhythm, mark the sheenand mar To spill their glory pines And over dusky are the faintly scratches, seen. Dim Kendall Kathrya By miser's Like gain, molten

twilight the will her piano benediction played So always be of silver, wears a gownHEAVEN silent symphony UntilA like Shining to see. new, a sight up, a lantern Holds bless the heart. To will recall But mine face an earnest the sparkling dewdrops she spillsWhile

From a jeweled cup. How can I then be satisfied ReadingFingers thatthe music,sing, andmarkingfeet thatthe pace,start

In city streets when day is done? The rhythms and melodies of my heart.

WASHED BY SWEET THOUGHTS ThereAnd fillsmurkythe holesdrabnesswith eatsdarkness.away the light

By Alice Hoey Shaffer There the night has no gentle ushering SILENCE

Peck By Tom period hours. heart warms workworn To MY Or soft remembrance of a burnished day I for yearn to find I earth, home and seek smell black When all silence loveliness: comes Tn

in pictures Solace rain, after Sweetbreathed still; is ever dawn The the mind. Of brightfaced see rocks, And noise accompanies the dew No*

Because newwashed. glitters hill. That the on

last long. not they Though

Their memory does. LEISURE The sunrise slips up quietly,

The moon is never heard;

thoughts, Thus, sweet By love that animates Huntington Mack And the eyes passing, Though Surpasses word. any catand-mousing spirit Wash my f have been

And when the great divide * For a hole in the wall of Time And prayer is best in solitude

Is passed, Through which an hour might furtively It seems so very odd

My soul shall be more clean creep That, long before, I did not know

Because of these. That I could pounce upon as mine. In silence, I'd find God!

foimOn NEW PRESIDENT GOES TO -i is needed to warrant such instruction

EAST CENTRAL STATES by LaMar Peterson, prominent organEnlistments interested organists of at the of are made School McCune

Art. /"alled Jr., as topresidentsucceedofWilliamthe EastT.CentralTew, ist.Music and

States Mission is James P. Jensen of

Sandy, Utah, clerk of the East Jordan STAKES ORGANIZED IN

Stake and former bishop of the Sandy WASHINGTON, DENVER Second Ward. President and Sister

Jensen, accompanied by a grandHP'wo new stakes of the Church, bringdaughter, Carma Rae Jensen, left late ing the number to 132, were organin July for mission headquarters in ized Sunday, June 30—one in Denver,

Louisville, Kentucky. Elder Tew, who taken from the Western States Mission, the other, to as the be known leave from the has been on Church

in Stake, Washington, D. C, forDepartment Education of three OutgoingWM. T.presidentTEW, JR.of East NewlyJAMESappointedP. JENSENpresident to Capital

years, is returning with his family to Central States Mission. East Central States Mission. from the Eastern States Mission.

resume his work as principal of the Capital Stake Officers

Springville seminary.

From 1901 to 1903 a missionary to In the nation's capital, Ezra T. Benthe Southern States (which then inson, executive secretary of the National of Council Farmers'Coopercluded the East Central what is now

stake president, with atives, was namedStates ), several Mission years a and for resident in Atlanta, Georgia, while Samuel R. Carpenter, assistant secreworking for the International Harvester tary of the Federal Reserve Board, as

Company, the new president is well acfirst counselor, and Ernest L. Wilkinquainted with the field. In addition to son, attorney, as second counselor.

his consecutive positions in the Church District president Abram H. Cannon

as superintendent of the Jordan Stake and his counselors, Harold G. Clark

Y. M. M. I. A., as bishop, and as stake and Gerald G. Smith, who had served

clerk, Elder Jensen has taken an active since August, 1938, were released along officers the other of with Capital Disaffairs. in civicpart as served a He

trict to give orto place the stake new district of of the board Jordanmember

A. HILTON JAY C. JENSEN ROBERTSON ganization. Elders Smith and Cannon cityeducation, the of a president to Outgoing president Sandy appointed member of Newly

council, and as justice of the peace. Japanese Mission. Japanese Mission. became members of the stake high

President and Sister Jensen have five council.

children, four of whom are married, and CHURCH SUPPORTS The Capital Stake, the third now one, Donald A. Jensen, just returned RED CROSS FUND formed east of the Mississippi, comfive prises tobranch, wards and onefrom a mission their to Latterday appeal to Denmark and the "Packing taling three a membership of about States.Eastern individually contribute Saints to in thousand:

aid to the warEurope's campaign tariff B. Dr. the of Brossard Edgar MISSIONJAPANESE

First refugees, stricken the Presidency of sustained commission as bishop was APPOINTEDHEAD or as the whole a on behalf Church the Washington with Harold G. Ward, of Salt Lake, a Jensen Jay C.Plder substantial the to a presented amount Clark as and Kimball Frank C. counthe of Highland Park L*'member the raised being fund American Red by selors, Ellis and as Overlade ward J. bishopric, has been appointed to letter In the toWard Cross. a campaign clerk.

Hilton Presidentsucceed A. Robertson the for Salt County, chairman Lake In the Chase Riley Chevy Ward, A.

as with of the head Mission Japanese following the First Presidency made will bishop. act as His first Gwynn

inheadquarters Honolulu, Hawaii. statement will counselor S. Bennion. be Mervin

President Robertson and his family will We are sure you are fully aware of the Lawrence H. Manwaring, president

their inreturn to time itself some August the great contributions which Church Arlington of former Branch, will be are Springville, in the great after bulk of makfour a and its members andhome Virginia. of Arlington Ward, to bishop the ing Plan toward Welfare Churchhalf years spent the Japanese among Counselors selected. have not yet been alleviate here at misery home. and want in inpeople where, Hawaii, February,

Officers efforts to utof the the continuing those are Fairview (PennsylWe rethe1936, Mission Japanese was belief that rethe are extent with most vania) we Baltimore and (Maryland) first its disfor since the timeopened federal, lieving state, our government, later. will wards be named in in 1924.continuance Japan municipality, great burfrom county, and President the of Greenbelt Branch,

to otherwise they dens which first filled would have President mission a Jensen is Maryland, with Wagstaff, Donald therefore, carry. must, to ask you just Weto to from 1913, 1908 and Japan C. Leuven Louis and Ray Van Madsen this full contribution consider the as amount fall field visitlast his to old of a made as counselors clerk. Harold and Maw, the shall present conditions under which we triplabor the a sponsored on by JapOfficers of the this to 281st contribute 253rd able and to quobe indeed worthy,

anese Tourist Bureau. At that time noble, cause, fostered by the American Red rums of Seventy, and of three quorums

he also visited the mission in Hawaii. Cross. of Elders were also sustained.

Always active in Church work, Elder

Jensen was for several years ward clerk SPECIAL ORGAN CLASSES Denver Stake Officers and a member of the stake high council ORGANIZED In Denver, Douglas M. Todd, Jr.,

before going into the bishopric. T Tnder the sponsorship of the General was named stake president, and GilAccompanied by Sister Jensen, who *"** Church Music Committee, special bert E. Pulsipher and A. H. Yeates were

is president of the Y. W. M. I. A. of organ classes whereby ward and stake chosen first and second counselors, reHighland Park Stake, and two children, organists can obtain lessons on instruspectively.

Marjorie and Floyd, President Jensen ments in their own wards are being orFour wards in Denver and one each will leave for Honolulu in August. ganized. A minimum of three organists at Pueblo and Fort Collins, Colorado;

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

:; dustries has been in operation aboutand Laramie and Cheyenne, Wyoming,.'...'.'..

are included in the new stake. $45,000.00 has been paid in "opporOfficiating at the formation in Washtunity wages."These salaries were

ington were President Rudger Clawson made possible by the sale of salvage and Elder Albert E. Bowen, and in merchandise to the public.

Denver, Elders George F. Richards and Another economic value of this projJoseph F. Merrill, all of the Council of ect is the fact that over one hundred

the Twelve. men and women have come and gone

SURVIVOR OF MORMON tochancebettergivenjobs themthroughat thetrainingIndustries.and the

IMMIGRANT SHIP HONORED In the Deseret Industries Stores,

Oecause she is the only person still clothing, shoes, furniture, and other living of those who made the hisarticles are furnished at reasonable toric voyage on the ship Brooklyn, prices to people in all walks of life.

which on July 31, 1846, landed a comThese stores also attract people who pany of early Latterday Saints under are interested in rare china, old books, the leadership of Sam Brannan on the antique furniture, and other useful and

California coast at what is now San reasonably priced merchandise.

Francisco, Mrs. Elizabeth Bird Howell, This important arm of the L. D. S.

94, will be specially honored on August Church Welfare Plan combines social 4, when the San Francisco company of service and business, making work for the Daughters of Utah Pioneers dedithose unemployed and making the procates a bronze sidewalk plaque to be duct of work pay the way of the projplaced at the point of the ship's landing ect.

at the northeast corner of Broadway ELIZABETH BIRD HOWELL, PIONEER The public is invited to visit at any and Battery streets in San Francisco. time. Capable and courteous salesvisitors. are greet people on hand to in health takingAlthough a good and meanBird, Fuller who in the Edmund

interest in for preparation thekeen trek from overland the time had made TRAILS PIONEER UTAH will services,dedication Mrs. Howell east oxteam. the by JOINS NATIONAL GROUP innot attendance, personally be but married to Henry In 1861, she was

will be represented by members of her Nelson Howell, pioneer Utah school '"Phe Utah Pioneer Trails and Landfamily. Descendants of other Latterteacher, and made her home successmarks Association has become a

day Saints who made the voyage will ively in Franklin, Bear Lake, Oxford part of the projected American Pioneer also attend. and Clifton, Idaho. They were the Trails Association, which is to be naOn June 30, tribute was also paid parents of eleven children. Mr, Howell tionwide in scope. Actual organizaMrs. Howell at a special Franklin died in Clifton, in 1929. Mrs. Howell tion of the national body is planned for

County Daughters of Pioneers meeting resides today with her daughter, Amelia the annual field meeting of the Oregon in Preston Fourth Ward chapel. Crockett, in Preston, Idaho. Trail Memorial Association to be held

Mrs. Howell, three days old when at Jackson Hole, Wyoming, August

died,her child of five a mother was to 20. 18

she takenweeks by when was The Utah Pioneer Trails and Landher NEWINDUSTRIESHOME OFAT DESERET2234 foster parents, Daniel and Ann Stark, HIGHLAND DRIVE marks Association has been affiliated on the Brooklyn, which sailed from with the Oregon Trail Memorial AssoNew York City on February 4, 1846 P\uring the past two years this project ciation because the old Mormon trail the same day the Church began its has furnished steady work for an for many miles was identical with theexodus from Nauvoo—and arrived six average of 55 people. At the present Oregon trail. Under the new plan, the

months later in Yerba Buena ( now San time 65 are on the payroll, and it is Utah association will retain its present

Francisco) after a tempestuous roundexpected that 100 employees will be name and in addition will be recognized ing of Cape Horn. According to acneeded to manage the new plant at as the Utah chapter of the American

counts in contemporary journals, Mrs. Sugarhouse. Pioneer Trails Association. The naStark, who had a son three months old, The ten busy stores are open to the tional group plans to organize chapters

amazed passengers at her ability to care public. Anyone may buy. The peonot previously connected with the

for two babies when food on board ple who make purchases in these stores Oregon Trail Memorial Association.

ship, especially fresh milk, was scarce. are making possible the cash to pay George Albert Smith of the Council

Until she was fourteen years of age, wages and expenses necessary to operof the Twelve is president of the Utah

Mrs. Howell lived with her foster parate the project. The more sold the more unit; George Q. Morris, vice president;

ents in Yerba Buena and in San Berpeople can be hired. and John D. Giles, executive secretary.

nardino, where a branch of the Church An indication of the economic value Several markers between Fairfield was established. She was later brought of the project is shown by the fact that and the Nevada line along the Pony

to Utah, and there joined her father, during the two years the Deseret InExpress trail will be dedicated this

NEW HOME OF DESERET INDUSTRIES AT 2234 HIGHLAND DRIVE season, it is contemplated.

BEAUTIFICATION PLANS AVAILABLE TO WARDS T)ointing out that planning must be done early enough to avoid overlooking preparation which may be essential before actual planting can take place, the Church Beautification Committee invites wards still without landscape plans to make application at once. Plans, drawn up by the Church

landscape architect to suit particular needs, are furnished to each ward free of charge by the Presiding Bishop's

Office. Preparation must be made now

(Continued on page 484)

fidiitfuaL How many such plots and scenes and situations

ANNOUNCEMENT OF POLICY CONcancannotour orchildrendo not seelive withoutthat way?wondering(Thingswhyalwayswe

CERNING THE INCORPORATION OF turn out so beautifully in these madeto-order

GENEALOGICAL MEETINGS INTO THE stories.

SUNDAY SCHOOLS It has almost reached the point where our girls, see, to believe they they if they what Presiwhat last were the First April conference led to hear, read, suppose they might be associaand that the auxiliary what announced "*"*Atdencythe tions were reconsidering their whole field, to see that they have no chance for charm, social acwhat might be done by them to meet, so far as ceptance, or happiness unless they use a particular possible, the unusual needs of the times, as well as brand of lipstick, smoke a particular kind of cigarmore clearly to define their field of activity, to ette, indulge in a certain beauty bath.

elimioverlapping, to duplications out cut and and It the point reached almost has our boys, where time, in effort, funds. increasing the nate waste and

if they to believe they they what see, what were to are First Presidency announce The now able that the auxiliaries have taken the first step in read, or what they hear, would be induced to think this direction by providing for the incorporation that they have no chance for popularity, athletic into the curriculum of the Sunday Schools the achievement, or success unless they use a certain work which has been heretofore done at the kind of hairdressing, or prefer a specified brand of weekly genealogical meetings, the work in the gin, or wear a particular cut of clothes.

Sunday Schools to include all ages. This conSuch is the nature of the influences which daily

solidation will do away with the weekly geneablare out their questionable and conscienceless aplogical meetings. brought been It has to highway, about peals youth, in the showour on the

authorities the hearty through the cooperation of in entertainment, places of public other house and the School of Genealogical and of the Sunday Society. current periodicals, and in the home—through the

various modern means of mass communication.

For a price, words, often regardless of their flamjoWL publictruth, areheroes,put andintoeventhe somemouthsphysiciansof celebritiesand otherand

HPhe current connotations of the word "glamour"professional people, to induce the impressionable are sufficiently strong and universal as to be members of society to become addicted to things well understood. And there is reason for devoting that are detrimental to health, morals, and decency;

editorial space to it: Many influences that leave to buy things they cannot afford; to adopt standtheir daily impression with us, and which are tolards that cannot be countenanced or maintained;

erated in the name of glamour, are giving our chiland to brood upon situations and embrace attitudes dren distorted and false ideas of life. that cannot lead to happiness or normal living. And

thus has glamour become a business, a profession, hearts, honesty the sober of our Within know we obsession. an

like to children our become, what would and we we and rebel things but These may we in Lord, the Father would Heaven, our what know of to collectively them we permit continue—becauseat individually, like at cross often to but them so become; work we inspecial profit the organized motive; because

convictions. purposes with Colour ideals and terests aggressive powerful; because are and and

if lectively, individually, not thwart our own we that to so accustomed become them have we we to ourselves ends our families by allowing and fail collectively us, are to see to doing they what come under the daily influence of things that are and individually, actually and potentially. contrary to our aims and ideals—and contrary to It is time our young people should know, and

wholesome reality. we should see they do know, that these things are

As to what constitutes smartness and desirability, not life. They are the cheapest counterfeits, and

think what impressions our young people are gethave nothing in common with intrinsic or permating from the average place of entertainment they nent values. It is time our youth should know the

attend; from the average magazine they read; from motives that are behind these enticing displays.

the average "glamour"advertisement displayed; They should know, too, that it's smart not to be

from the average auditory appeal of some comdeceived. It's smart and modern to be wise and

mercial agencies and certain questionable interests! intelligent, and above duping. It's smart to be

Uncounted thousands of stories, scripts, and good, and beautiful, and charming, and popular, scenarios that make up the daily diet of the onand socially acceptable—but it is frightfully stupid

coming generation, center around the activities of to think that all these come by the use of things families who live in homes of mansionlike charthat enslave, that break our health, that destroy acter; where the work is done by uniformed serour natural charm, or that we cannot afford.

vants; where people go to and come from cocktail And so we say to the young people of the Church,

parties in numerous sleek cars; where men and and of the nation: Don't be fooled by the glamour

women smoke and drink together, and solve margirls and the glamour boys. Don't be deceived by

ital difficulties by discarding the "wrong"man, and false standards and false practices, no matter how beginning over again with, presumably, the "right"enticingly they are presented. Don't flit about in

man; where children are precocious, worldly counquest of glamour. Reach for the real essence of

terparts of their parents; and where there are no life. It's smart to be beautiful, and charming, and

financial worries except in a big, extravagant way, accomplished, and socially acceptable—but it's not and no objectives beyond the solving of immediate, so smart to be a dupe—to be deceived by the parade

unconventional social situations. of palaver. R. L. E.

methods of accomplishing it, have been set forth clearly in latterday revelation, "And that thou mayest keep thyself unspotted from the world, thouEvidences and shalt go to the house of prayer and offer up thy sacraments upon my holy day; for verily this is a

day appointed unto you to rest from your labors,reconciliations and to pay thy devotions unto the Most High;...

But remember that on this, the Lord's day, thou xxvuL. Should. IOsl oto shalt offer thy oblations and thy sacraments unto

the Most High, confessing thy sins unto thy brethTl/hvisidu mc Sumxiail ren, and before the Lord. And on this day thou

shalt do none other thing, only let thy food be "This is an important question. By divine decree, prepared with singleness of heart that thy fasting

supported by human experience, one day in may be perfect, or in other words, that thy joy may seven, the Sabbath, is set apart for a special purbe full. Verily, this is fasting and prayer, or in

pose. If the use does not conform to the true purother words, rejoicing and prayer."

pose of the Sabbath, harm will result. That is, on the Sabbath day every person shall

That the Sabbath is an important institution is ( 1 ) attend meetings, ( 2 ) fast, if desired, and always clear from the emphasis placed upon it by the Lord, if it is a regular fast day, ( 3 ) partake of the sacraas well as by all who have labored for human welment, (4) bear testimony of the Lord's truth and fare. Speaking to Moses concerning the creation goodness, (5) make right any misunderstandings

said, the seventh earth, on the the Lord "Andof all things his fellow with with a men, and ( 6 ) do all things which I and endedday I, God, my work, "singleness of heart,"divine the purpose toward had made; and I rested on the seventh day from all of the Sabbath day. If these things be done in the

my work... and I, God, blessed the seventh day, proper spirit, the Sabbath becomes a day of "reand sanctified it."Later on, when Israel was joicing and prayer."And it should be noted that

camped near Sinai, the solemn commandment came the commandment is for all members of the Church.

the Sabbath Lord, the "Rememberto from them it this Certainly, divine under commandment, given message was it holy."same to keep Theday, activity greatly to of be out plan order any would

people. In harmony Latterday to His the Lordby at time that with meetings a Sabbath would compete

differing peoples this on earth, most command,with established regularly periods the Church. by The

it beneficial beliefs, found in religious havewidely ( set aside for Priesthood, meetings Church Sunday those different from for purposesto use one day jealSchool, meetings) should Sacrament and be the of week. days otherof the for other. ously kept these purposes Pernone and forth set Sabbath, the as of are marks two There the reasons, duties for personal as sons such who rest; It of should ain be day divine the command. babies, devolving the remain with mother upon requireit holy. These kept two should beand of of these regular the meetings one from away have emphasis, must such withments, coming

full in should, nevertheless Church, harmony be life in significance of man. thespecial

spirit the with Lord's of holy worshipful day. the

it Certainly, rest? is does of the meaning What is Likewise, meetings, whatever done between

sit quietly idleness. throughout a daynot mean To reading, conversing, walking the amidst whether restful. anything but folded bewith hands may

in interesting nature, beauties other of or engaged is it rest that true a change said aRather, be may activities in set easily up, should with harmony be fill life lives. our occupations which thefrom The

lifespirit is this the the of done, Sabbath. a When is therefore there on; going are alwaysprocesses giving satisfaction well kept. Sabbaths from comes quiescence. one However, of period completeno

the habit of Sabbathkeeping have not Those who emphasized these processes of beor another may are missing worth. of genuine much time, a restful producing thus time toor shifted from

sensation. On the Sabbath, therefore, one should Now, perhaps, the question that captions this

refrain from doing the work to which the other days writing may be answered.

of the week are usually given, and devote himself Latterday Saints receive with joy every new to other activities, which, necessarily, must conform gift of science and art. For example, the radio is

to the requirement that the day shall be kept holy. used to make speaking more effective in meeting

When is the Sabbath kept holy? When we houses and to broadcast Gospel sermons to the

exchange the work and traffic and recreation of world. The gift of the radio is cherished.

week days for the direct worship of the Lord. The Likewise, the motion picture is hailed as a posmind is then turned to catch and understand the sible beneficent power among men. It is today

principles and practices of the Gospel. We spefurnishing recreation at a cost within the reach of

cialize on that day in thinking of spiritual realities, the masses of humankind. In many parts of the

and in doing things of a spiritual nature. It beworld the inexpensive motion picture has been a

comes a day of interpretation of the meaning of the notable factor in bettering men's lives, and their labors of our week days. When the Sabbath is thus outlook upon the lives of others. The motion pickept holy, it becomes not only a rest, refreshing ture is, also, a cherished possession.

us for the coming week, but it becomes also a day Nevertheless, every gift to man may be used for of great interest. It is a shallow mind that does good or evil ends. Untruth may be broadcast over

not welcome the opportunity to think and talk, at the radio, and ugliness exhibited by the motion picpeace, about the many sparkling facets of life. ture. The use to which a gift is put, may be more

The sacred purpose of the Sabbath and the important than the gift itself. (Concluded on page 511)

Firm a How

The unimpaired Gospel of Jesus Christ is, in Latterday Saint belief, the deepest and strongest foundation for a happy life... for the security and

progress of the individual, for the harmony and progress of the world.

Christ's true message is the base upon which the Church is building and operating Brigham Young University. It is the rock upon which character and

scholarship may be erected with safety.

The latest building to be added to the B. Y. U. campus is the splendid religious and social center now being completed under the Church Welfare

Plan. With its spacious assembly hall for religious exercises, its classrooms,

its rooms and equipment for social development and wholesome recreation, it will provide enlarged facilities for training young people in the vital and permanent things of life.

Significant also is the expansion this year of the former Religious Education Department into a Division of Religion with the four departments of Bible and Modern Scripture, Church History, Church Organization and Administration, and Theology and Religious Philosophy.

Since the aim at Brigham Young University is to offer wellrounded preparation for a useful life, courses are given leading to success in scores of occupations. In the five colleges, there are thirtyseven departments offering more

than 1600 courses of instruction.

The University is specifically organized to train young men and women for lay leadership; to give them, that is, occupational efficiency as well as the

power and the desire to serve spiritually.

This large religious and social center now being completed on University Hill reflects the aims and the progress of the institution. In the last decade enrollment has mounted from 1457 to 2894. An increasing number of graduates go forth prepared

to establish themselves on a sound economic basis and to serve spiritually.

Brigham You PROVO, "SCHOLARSHIP -SPIRI1 Foundation

Organization of B. Y. U.

Colleges of APPLIED SCIENCE COMMERCE ARTS AND SCIENCES EDUCATION FINE ARTS

Divisions of RELIGION RESEARCH EXTENSION

GRADUATE SCHOOL

SUMMER SCHOOL Elementary and Secondary Training Schools are maintained in connection with the College of Education.

DEPARTMENTS OF INSTRUCTION

ACCOUNTING AND BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION HORTICULTURE AND LANDSCAPE

AGRICULTURAL ECONOMICS ARCHITECTURE

AGRONOMY JOURNALISM ANIMAL HUSBANDRY LIBRARY ART MARKETING BACTERIOLOGY MATHEMATICS BIBLE AND MODERN SCRIPTURE MECHANIC ARTS

BOTANY MODERN AND CLASSICAL LANGUAGES

CHEMISTRY MUSIC CHURCH HISTORY OFFICE PRACTICE

CHURCH ORGANIZATION AND PHYSICAL EDUCATION

ADMINISTRATION PHYSICS ECONOMICS POLITICAL SCIENCE EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION PHILOSOPHY OF EDUCATION

ELEMENTARY EDUCATION PSYCHOLOGY secondary education FINANCE and banking

GEOLOGY AND GEOGRAPHY SOCIOLOGY

HISTORY THEOLOGY AND RELIGIOUS PHILOSOPHY

HOME ECONOMICS ZOOLOGY AND ENTOMOLOGY

AUTUMN QUARTER

Registration—September 20, 21, and 23

Nationally Accredited No Outof-State Fees

For catalog, address The President

ng University UTAH UALITY—CHARACTER''

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

The Church Moves On (Continued from page 479) for fall and early spring planting.

"Please do not wait until the time is about ready to do actual work and then expect us to do the impossible by being in many places at the same time,"is the plea of the committee.

ROLL CALLMISSIONARIES RETURN FROM FIELDS OF LABOR MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME 27, 17, 1940 JUNE ARRIVED JUNE 1940—DEPARTED fiftyfive young some June,

Virginia Morrill Gerald Christopherson, Zinn, right: left Whttaker, Marian to Stout, Martha First row, released newly and women, Farr. Briggs, and Barbara Seamons, Redd, Harmon Merene Meda Bess Ward,Touring men

L. Jensen, Lenore right: left Korn, Jensen, C. Backer, Sparks, Elaine Marvin Ruth row, to MaxS. Second in serving after route home enand

Colton, President E. L. Bunderson. B. Batty, Kendall, Dean Permelia and Sylvia G. Probst, D. Thelma

fields, at the stopped missionvarious Eli Garner, right: Clara Moore, Fern Swain, left Cornelius, to Vernon Eldon row, A. Third Edward

Montgomery, Norma E. Weenig, Verde Washburn, Norma Jensen, Orvin Dee Terry, II, James J. Hill, and Von T.Church Office Building long enough to Tenney. J.

sign the big register labeled "MissionFourth row, left to right: Orien H. Lamreaux, Osborne N. Smith, Lloyd M. Turnbow, George L. Cummings,

L. Fevre, Kruger. J. Ernest Elvan Yates, Le Hunter, E. and Taylor, Dewain Lamont Alma to be interviewed andaries Released"

left Fifth to right: Gurr, Reed, Jr., Glen Wilford Junius Joseph N. George Sowards, row, M. W. Clarke,

the ofbriefly Hill, F. by members Geslison, Ellsworth, Paul Grant, Batt, Clarence Edon E. Council of Vaughn J. William Rex M. Fred Guymon, W.

Kloepfer, Stutznegger. Orin H. and Twelve.the

left row, Sixth right: to Floyd

All Bair, C. Hunton, R. missionaries honorably released Evan Sherman Wm. D.JuliusBradshaw,Johnson, QuentenEldon E.J. Sill,Taylor,M. JayClarkM.Newell,Palmer,and RichardMarvin E.Wower.Jacobsen,

left Jr., Ellis row, III, Seventh Doyle, Packer, R. to right: Tucker, Franklin Melvin Gregory West, George reported not yet been haveduring June

Russell, Radcliffe, Nielsen, Lloyd Ross E. Vaughn Bruce E. Gardner H. Graham, Bagwell, and Otho Max Gentry, of Franklin officeto the J. Murdock, Drury.

left right: to Chester Bennett, Bird, Gilgen, row, Winsor Montell Warren M. Steadman, Meade Church, for the secretarymission

Lionel R. Phil Davis, L. Record, nor Jackson,Eighth E. Karpowitz. Paul Wright, and Erwin Odes Roland M. Farr,

the tradipaid those released right: left C. row, Grether, Ninth Perry, Jr., Earl Lester Hewlett, Goates, to Clark Henry M. Neumanhave all

J. Harold Wallace Hawkes, Snow, Gunn, Kenneth Huish, Eugene Anthony and Creston D. Woodard. W. Pending headquarters. call attional

row, Earl right: Tenth left to Victor Scott Hooton, and Cannon, James K. Cummings, James W. McConkie. of the comcompilationthe monthly

plete list of missionaries released and Charleston, West Virginia; Everett M. WELFARE PEOPLE STUDY

Idaho; in Wray, Jerome, will publishreturned home, the Era

Alberta, Cardston, Canada; J.AndrewC. Cahoon,E. AnCANNING METHODS the month,this by department, month

City; S. derson, Salt Merlin HuntsLake direction the of Mrs. Hazel T Tnder of the who and women Call"men"Roll

*"'* St. Enterprise, Trejo, man, Utah; Opal superof appointed Heber, Hardy mission term their completedhave Seat, Arizona; Riverside, of David, Michael A. cenvisor canning of Church Welfare Church. to the The serviceundivided California; Boise, Idaho; Harold G. Wood,

ters, of canning methods approved were roll follows honorJune L. California; Shafer, Frank Sacramento,

recently discussed and demonstrated C. Child, Clearfield, Utah. Carlton Mark States: Central the East From thirty directors approximately Mission: SpanishAmerican Lester R. before Arizona; Thatcher, Norman Cope,Chester

S. Hoyal, Alhambra, California; Orville W. Porter, Joseph City, Arizona; Gordon B. of Welfare canning "plants in Utah,

Allen, Thatcher, Arizona; Owen Lee Cox, Miner, Provo, Utah; David O. Maxfield, Idaho, and Nevada. The twoday

Idaho Falls, Idaho; Jerald G. Rowan, Provo, Salt Lake City; Clementina Brown, Chicourse was conducted at the Central

huahua, Mexico.Utah. Bishop's Salt in Storehouse Lake.

Brazilian Mission: Barton, A. Harmon Bousfield, States: H. Eastern instituted the course by was The Kaysville, Utah. in served Monica,Santa California—alsoWilliam opercanning processing committee and Mission: Canadian Giauque, A. James Riverton, Sorensen, Mission;British Vernon ating in the under General Committee Salt City; Sterling Provo, G. Jacobs, Lake City. Salt Lake Capener, WilliamUtah;

Central States: Tone Blackburn, OrderUtah. the Church Welfare Program. The

ville, Utah—also served in Netherlands Samoan Mission: Preston Andersen, committee's reorganized membership

Mission; James Blaine Blake, St. Anthony, Howell, Utah. includes Verner O. Hewlett as chairMission: Sabin, Hawaiian Harold Mesa, E. in Netherlands; Josserved B. vice Dell chairman; Stringham, man;Idaho—also Arizona; Logan, Utah. Leon J. Zollinger, California Park, Wirthlin, Walnuteph gathSterling Nelson, with charged H.

Tahitian Mission: Uel C. Hunting, VerMission; Jesse in German servedalso West in storing ering proof grains and and nal, Utah; C. Mesa, Chapman, LaVar Auburn, Wyoming. Hurd,A. representFranklin duce; D. Ashdown, Arizona. Sterling States: Evans, R. North

fruits, ing of vegetables, producers and East in served GermanLehi, Utah—alsoCentral foodstuffs or processed; to canned be BISHOPS TAKE Pleasant Oscarson, Florence NEWMission; W.Grove, Utah—also served in Swedish MisOVER WARD DUTIES Roscoe W. Eardley, Church Storesion; Alexia Nelson, Woods Cross, Utah. "Dishops of wards and presiding Eldhouse Supervisor; and Elmo H. Lund,

Merrill B. States: RobEngland secretary. New recently ers of appointed branches

Gillespie, E. Idaho;inson, Oakley, John itself primardevotes committee The include the following: Mission. British in servedJr.—also ily to at the preparation canning food Stake, Kenneth Allen, Tabiona Duchesne Los States: Ward, Lee Harold Southern

it also centers, seeks processing but and S. to British Carlile succeed appointed in Alden served J.Angeles, California—also

in of to counsel matter give the food S. Clifford Turnbow. Moroni, Blackham,Mission;

Utah; Clinton McDaniel, Salt Lake City; Preston Sixth Ward, Franklin Stake, production, to assure adequate quantity

W. Max Carter, Los Angeles; Farren NielEzra J. Corbridge succeeds Reed L. Hart. and necessary variety for a wellbal-

sen, Provo, Utah; Ralph J. Hill, Sacramento, Burdett Branch, Lethbridge Stake, Elder anced diet.

California; Eldon J. West, Smithfield, Utah; James Ashton deceased. Albert Torrie actWoodrow E. Nelson, Woods Cross, Utah ing. GRAND HOMECOMING

Sixteenth North Ward, Mission; Montie Weber Ogden in Swedish served—also CACHE AWAITS FORMER succeeds Stake, Curtis John Geert- H. Marshall Utah; C. Castle EugeneSnow, RESIDENTS VALLEY Gibson. served Salt in Norwegiansen, Lake—alsoGate, After **T"\ear Friend: many years'abStake, Riverside Fifteenth John Ward,Mission.

Northern States: Beulah Ricks, Rexburg, Eldridge Martin succeeds Fred Kasteler. J—* sence from the most beautiful valley

Idaho; Richard H. Ray, Mesa, Arizona; Twentyeighth Ward, Riverside Stake, in the world, we are inviting you to return

Vernonah Mendenhall, Thatcher, Idaho Robert Leatham Bridge succeeds Alfred P. for a grand reunion to be held in Logan,

also served in Netherlands Mission. A. Glad. Utah, August 3 and 4, 1940, on the TaberNorthwestern States: Zelma Hollinger, Ophir Branch, Tooele Stake, Luke S. nacle square and in the Tabernacle building.

Ursine, Nevada. Johnson appointed presiding Elder to sucYou will meet many old friends and acthought quaintances have you whom C. Zentner. may John Texas Mission: Ira J. Burton, Midvale, ceed

..". see again. Fifth you would never Tooele Ward, Tooele Stake, WilUtah.

California Mission: David W. Knight, liam Bevan Anderson appointed. ( Concluded on page 499

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

;Mo woman having a gas or electric LET'S CAN FRUITS AND To test the "selfsealing"jars for

range equipped With an oven conTOMATOES THE OVEN seal, when jars are cold take a spoon trol or regulator has used her range to WAY and gently tap the lids. If properly

the fullest extent until she has tried Cool as a cucumber sealed they will give a clear ringing note oven canning, and I venture to say she'll On the hottest day! and be slightly concave (curved innever can her fruits any other way after Because she cans her fruit wardly) caused by the vacuum inside. If

she has once tried this fascinating new By the new oven way. not properly sealed, the sound will be

in dull in key, method. case low which and you

If jars, ring adjust using rubrubber it's easier. to so opportunity contents an have recan much First—Because ring, tight ber cap screw and down fruits their thus retain natfood. save and your Second—The if turn, reverse glasstop using or flavor. three of kinds are Syrups: Y There

jars, in place position bail the upper: thin, syrup the heavy. medium, canning emphasizes and uralThird—Oven lid bail across the leave up. lower and coloring natural thin of parts syrup, the three product. use a make To

jars in Set oven, rack on COLD to less of sugar, part muss, water one of work, and and Fourth—-No

that jars taking care not touch each do boil. is attractive finished bring to products, for a syrup This more used a and

other sides of the or oven. your This soft kitchen, small, fruits cherries, cool as to not such cool mention sweet homejars. permits circulation heat of between etc. berries, maker.

250, Light oven, set regulator at facts of such parts syrup, use of an For array proved medium With two processing counting time when it is to certainly to start before us part sugar a temptation one bring water of and is lighted. oven

is this try right to a boil. syrup used Reaway. on new method Medium

should never Temperature exceed berries, though, sour peaches, member, cannot acid fruits such that you use 250. will Higher temperatures cause this cherries, satisfactorily etc. as rhubarb, gooseberries, unless method you

liquid to boil too hard and evaporate, part control or syrup, have regulator an use oven a heavy one on To make will boil over, and your syrup thus makor unless stove part sugar your to one water bring to a portable you buy and a ing looking untidy an as well as oven boil. is set inside to larger thermometer oven This syrup sour used on your

jars. fruits latter that oven. to are at extra sweet. be be The purchased may Process required of time. length For stores. in department your corn syrup used White be or hardware may

jars: berries, Apricots, quart (except Oil, gasoline, the proportion of ranges corn of cups and coal wood, \Yi currants, grapes, chersatisfactorily this strawberries) substituted for cannot for syrup be used of sugar. each cup

plums, peaches, rhubarb, 68 minis there as in of place to ries, also be method no used new Honey may way utes at 250. pears, quinces, Apples, regulate 1 at of sugar. flow heat an even Ordinarily of a fixed cup honey

temperature. and tomatoes are processed 75 minutes equals 1 cup of sugar.

The secret of successful canning lies at 250. Figs and pineapples are proin the temperature. 250 has been cessed 90 minutes at 250. For pint

proved to be the most satisfactory for jars, reduce time onethird.

soon as processing period As oven canning, after years of research plete remove jars from oven. Dois comnot HERE'S HOW and experimentation.

tighten the "selfseal- screw bands on shall proceed oven when we we How for canning. the time "NTow's So ing"type, set right but side to cool up can? bottles settle gather your and several thicknesses down If cloth. on of usall careful lines The homemaker up

fruits, bottling to fun vegeing some good jars, ring rubber screw cap down first. herof carefully equipment are Jars

tables, no, that meats. and tight Oh, word immediately. seal complete To toinspected there see that nicks, are no

that's misused! not "fun"For what on jars, wireclamp glasstop push cracks, or sharp edges. Thoroughly

it the right use can methods. bail you lower jar. against of neck down be—ifiscleanse jars water. hot with

don't you avail yourselves of Make certain to select fresh, firm Never turn the "selfsealing"jars Why (not overripe) products, and grade upside down for they seal as they cool, the opportunity offered by Kerr Manuaccording to size and ripeness. and do not screw the bands down after facturing Company? Spend a dime and

Prepare product in accordance with jars are cold and sealed. Rubber ring get the Kerr Home Canning Book

recipe. jars may be turned upside down to test and at the same time ask for "Let's

Pack product into clean jars to not for leaks after they are cold. Eat,"a recipe book for dishes premore than onehalf inch of top. Add pared from homecanned foods, CanQuestions Answers, and Home tosyrup within inches of ning of top \y2 Canning Meats and Guide, Can Now,jar, or if using to plain inch water,of top of jar. Y2 Ten Lessons in Home Canning—all of

which are free!

Syrup during expands processing; Good luck—and much fun in preparthat never you must is why for winter! fill jars ing

higher than \]/z inches of the top with syrup. (Directions for making syrups SEND FOR FREE BOOK

axe given at the end of this article.) ON BREADMAKING

With a clean, damp cloth wipe top T Tave you ever made bread? It's fun

jar all freeof of seeds, pulp, syrup, to the bread at home, and make etc., also threads and of wipe and neck thrill experience the more women who

jar clean as so to sticky prevent screw better. the

bands which are hard to remove. You will receive a free 40page bookIf using the "selfsealing"type of jar, let concerning breadmaking by sendplace sterilized lid on jar with sealing ing your written request for it, writing

composition next to glass and screw name and address legibly to The Imband firmly tight. By "firmly tight"we provement Era by no later than Sepmean as tight as you can screw the band tember 15th. You need send no money,

without using undue exertion or no return postage. You may include

wrenches. (Continued on page 486)

)..

Homing ( Continued from page 485 names and addresses of your friends if you think they'd like to have copies.

Name of the helpful, attractive, and illustrated bread booklet is "Giving

Your Meals the Touch of Individuality'

With Delicious YeastRaised Breads.

In the book you will find a complete explanation of the subject, step by step.

Next you will find 52 recipes for bread foods.

The book is divided into these sections: Bread, rolls, and sweet buns

( toppings are included ), old fashioned raised muffins, griddle cakes and doughnuts, fancy breads that masquerade as cakes ( toppings and fillings again ) I ANT SIZE

Contains cup,

fornia Pottery rv Recipes Listed saucersalad plate,of Calior tried *f\* for Under these various titles one finds You Find recipes for plain varieties in every case,

What You Want in self.Sealing ly setter andtionsthenas Bohemianthere are hoska,such foreignGermanvariaap-

ple cake, Danish pastry, French buns, on. In the health crumpets so and PARSOAP

gluten, are bran, bread group and graBecause PAR contains PYRO it ham breads. leaves no Dishpan Ring, and

will This be a which book for freely, white rinse you clothes and reci-;x will find lifelong service. Trying "IdfiniCaps*"L clean. Par conAnd, because eave memeMoney. Tim

and EnergyWasons-- pes will be a kitchen adventure, and tains glycerine your hands stay softer, smoother. Enjoy Par Soap.

i fU 'rf California too, the colorful '—TBI * you'llyour trustyalwaysbakerknowwhenyou youcan must.resort to Enjoy,

Pottery you get by using Par Soap! BREAD

SIZE editing This Bread REGULAR.. Good * Give Us Day canned plus AT GROCERS top, on Tabs nome

little and money, a Jars Ruth Young bring By added you nitrV6's e&SyBy lflSra.o;I Valtery

pieces of pottery.

t was an unusually large baking, and

I to my tiny self, tiptoe at the table edge, peeping across at the temptBuy 3 or 4 dozen Kerr Mason Jars today ing array, it seemed gigantic. No doubt

... Modernize your old mason jars with the larger loaves would have rivaled me

Kerr Mason Caps... they are "selfseal- in girth if not in length. I can still see

ing."burned... rubbers no needed No smell the them and warm, in memory

.. like. you'llfingers Kerr them. Comlike flavor, crisp else at all, nothing and

Bk.; specific instrucHomecanning

in the of cracksnap hear fancy can recipes and Approved-—322pletetions—Tested crust as the burst heat escaping a netonly 10c.

work of tiny fissures across the brown, <Aefo>-lMfflie BUYER'S PREFERENCE rounded tops.

Kerr Mason Caps Fit ALL There was a new baby in the house

Mason Jars and I have never been able to decide

SYMPHONY

By Mabel Jones thought I'd like to write a song,

I But first the dishes must be done;

I slowly put my apron on.. And let the clear hot water run. WE OEEER COMPLETE A

SERVICE ENGRAVING Portraits to the Largest Missionary TheI sortedwhileplatesI piledandthespoonsdishesandhigh;cups From

AndI likecleanthe feelwhiteof soapytowels sudsso fresh and dry. Mail Orders CataloguesGiven Prompt Attention

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

St. Utah It all was done so soon it seemed; 113 Regent Salt Lake City,

The dishes glistened, one by one;

The silverware and crystal gleamed

Like dewdrops in the early sun.

I hung the towels behind the door

And tucked away each pot and pan, the floor from a swept few crumbs Then

Hole! Lnnkcrshim 'spick kitchen the and span.'And left 7TH & BROADWAY

And now, I thought, the song I'll write; $2.50"No Bargaining*'$3.00 $3.50

But to me, seemed lo! my kitchen No ANGELESWorry"

sparkling, clean and fresh and bright, FrankLOSWishon, So

A living song, a symphony. Operator

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

Homing

thewhether bread remember made me or arrival that the fixed OUR HONEYMOON IS NEVER OYERthe baby new that baking in my memory. However

it was, the two, combined, left in my mind a feeling of wellbeing, satisfaction, and completeness that the intervening years have been unable to erase.

Throughout the years that same kitchen table held a series of good bakings. The joy of coming home from a

day at country school, across frozen prairies or through drifting snow, was climaxed by the sight of those newbaked loaves waiting to be cut and spread with homemade butter and honey.

I know that Mother's bread was unique for its goodness even in those days of good she bread because had /"vS you've Whether six married been weeks for a passion best the of everything. or sixteen you're a new years—whether yeast, its life 'CK& homebrewed,The drew beginner or at an old cakemaking, hand

from hop blossoms gathered from wild you'll get wonderful, meltin-yourmouth vines down by the river. All summer cakes that no husband can resist if you

we watched them growing in rival clususe Globe "Al"Special Cake Flour.

ters with the clematis upon the great cottonwoods, biding our time until the ut tight green balls began to loosen and turn yellow. Taken home and dried

in the hot autumn sun, they joined a GLOBE Al CAKE FLOUR combination of other homely products to produce a yeast that foamed and fell, was robbed, and renewed itself weekly through the long winter.

My father was a lover of experimentation and we were the first farmers in the country to grow and grind our own semolina wholewheat flour. I

believe his seed came from far away Russia.We gathered our first crop carefully, VA

but it was some time before there was enough wheat for us to grind it into flour. We ground it in the old iron

burr mill and sieved it by hand. I remember very well helping wash the

before the grindingwheat I often and CA tired,stood, dusty and shaking wire the sieve over a dishpan to remove thecoarser bits before the flour was sacked T and put in the attic for the winter. The

process may have been slow and the work irksome, but nothing has been done by modern methods to improve the resulting product.

Our wholewheat loaves were sweetened with molasses and made with IO milk in which the cream left by the skimmer still floated. I remember that

Mother covered them, hot from theoven, with generous dabs of salty fresh N butter, leaving here and there little bitsto slide their way down the curving APPETITES surface, sinking into the mellow crustat every crevice to add to the delidemand pancakes ciousness within.

That farm is far away—in miles—Whether you plan to camp in the mountains,

infinitely fartherand in time change. and in tour or a trailer, forget loaf at home—don't rolling fields areThose dustblown that Globe "Al"Pancake deFlour makes lieacres fallow and waiting now new

seasons of plenty. The hop vines went licious buttermilk pancakes that satisfy keen

down with the great cottonwoods a vacation appetites. Easy and quick, too. Just

full decade ago, and I, the child who add water!

gathered the hops, have forgotten the

LISTEN FOSTER, tc "MARY THE EDITOR'S DAUGHTER"alchemy by which they were changed every thru Friday, Monday KNXKSFO. 3 P. M. (Concluded on page 488)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940 baked bread—turning it out upon the from our own bees to replace the homeHoming counter of my upto-theminute kitchen, made molasses which no longer

{Concluded from page 487) I experience a sense of esthetic satisfacexists in my world. My grocer assures

flattered the of product flour that I by the wholewheat am buy meInto a stone crock of foaming winter tion.

as is I might a lovely be in the oldfashioned by ground way. my handsIyeast.

is in painting. loaf beauty a proportions There as the with content I am is There recompense, however! The

It fresh the be from oven. not bran, nature provided: germ, has and maycrafts of the pioneers the become have

I insize to form, in orthodox as faith but an and gluten as they come. havearts their of children. carvings Hand

it its all is is dividuality assures First the product His Chemist and me own studio.merit a rag rugs Crocheted

real. for me. enough good the best irongrace homes. Hammered

I hands. with the sponge mold myis I at mills spice are premium. will a mother, but Like have none Hand my springs folds ripe the and dough Asin for kitchens. ingredients. the city best demand the new Even

I feel interchange palms, beneath an my I art in loaf have found of a not does having keep from homehoney me life currents energy, of and growing of expanding within the nascent loaf, part of both the baker and the product, desnourishment, to whoever above ie and LAST MINUTE MOOSby els tined to contribute something vital, over partake. may

Elsie's right, as usual! \\i./ //

For milk evaporated by It's Up to You

Borden's is then irradiated.

Its content of Vitamin D, (Concluded from page 459)

Guest's outlook on life. A frag-—theissunshineincreased!vitamin ment of that poem appears below,

a moment's reflection for "just folks"like you and me.

get minute; in a up the by in 1930 Truly—acceptedfine, digestible milk Home ain't a place that gold can buy or

it's there's got t'be a heap o'Afore home the of Council on Foods

American Medical Association. livin'in it;

Identified by Borden's Within the walls there's got t'be some with the familiar label, babies born, and then

St. Charles brand. And Right there ye've got t'bring 'em up t'

how's your supply? women good, an'men;

And gradjerly, as time goes on, ye find ye wouldn't part used—they've IF IT'S!3a?tlMt4 Withgrownanythinginto yertheyheart:ever

IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD The old high chairs, the playthings, too, the

A little shoes they wore Utah Ye hoard; an'if ye could ye'd keep the

Product thumbmarks on the door.

Ye've got t'weep t'make it home, ye've got t'sit an'sigh An'watch beside a loved one's bed, an'know that Death is nigh;

An'in the stillness o'the night t'see Death's

Just Good Nourishing Bread An'angelclose thecome,eyes o'her that smiled, an'leave her sweet voice dumb.

There's good, honest, substantial flavor and nutriFer these are scenes that grip the heart, an'ment in every slice of Royal Bread. It's baked as when yer tears are dried,

perfectly as long experience and modern equipment Ye find the home is dearer than it was, an'sanctified.... can do it. You can depend on it—always.

THE INSPIRED REVISION

(Continued from page 473)

Notice that Elijah was to reveal the Priesthood. This reference to

the Priesthood is lacking in the present Hebrew text. Instance upon mm instance could be cited of mistransFINE

lations being carried over from the

King James to the Inspired Revision Every Day at Your Grocer's M5D and of errors going uncorrected. This

in itself is indisputable evidence that

Royal Baking Company, Salt Lake and Ogden the Prophet did not completely revise 100% Homeowned 100% American the Bible.

( To be Concluded CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

WHO SIGNS REPORTS average, are held. "What do you sugTpHE question has been asked "Who NOTICE gest?"Our hereplyasks.is to take the problem to

should sign the quarterly reports of HThis is to advise the officers of the monthly meeting of the stake MelPriesthood a Melchizedek quorum?"the committee with Priesthood A chizedek quoPriesthood Melchizedek

is, the of President answerThe "The quorums. officers the groups and of the that Roll Record rums and senior the in casequorum,"president meetings of weekly problem same The at the available DesBooks nowof a of Seventy. quorum is other quorums. the in found probably all eret contain Book Company in recently has This not been done council high presidency stake and The rewill the that be information cases. the of secretary quomany The this meetalso to invited well might be in quired the "L,"and "M,""N"fills generally in the forms. reportrum ing. could properly the problem Or furnished Report Annual forms is rolls for proper,This the keeps he to the for referred recommendation be the Bishop's Presiding Office. by records. reports the Butand are when stake. of council the high presidency and the Since and Record Roll for all signatureready in should they the time case, brethren, In and any there simplified, been have Bookscases signed the president, be or by holding and monthly of place weekly quodoubt been has among some

if for counselor a reason the anyby stake are in matmeetings a Priesthood that these officers books rum is itpresident himself. to unable do Priestthe ters to be by recommended the necessary inforsupply would officers Will please quorum make it stake. authorities the of Let hood year. the the at mation end ofnote henceforth act accordingly? and the that weekly be remembered always the Report Annual However, this it for isReasons are obvious; theremeetings or group Priesthood quorum call to prepared are being formsfore to give unnecessary here. them curtailed other should not be Church by obtained that be data can from for is said what obviously above From activities. the if Roll Books and Recordthe stake clerk, chairman, not a and

the properly during kept they are signshould the stake reports committee sent to Salt Lake City. year. In this connection we urge quoANTI-LIQUORTOBACCO

WHOSE RESPONSIBILITY rumward secretariesclerks moreto consultfrequentlythe COLUMN

Aur memories are often short. Furwhile compiling the Annual Re-

- ther, quorum officers are subject to port in order to get definite infor- (See also "I Quit Smoking,"by Courtney change. Hence once again may we mation relative to deceased memRyley Cooper, page 460.)

those bers have moved and who allremind presidencies that quorum AWAKENING It AN the quorum. and ward from are for held responsiblethey quarterly to a standour come campaign **T Jas that the Annual is often found reports beingquorum promptand made ** recently stage?"were we is in sent securing withoutly sent to the the Report at Stake Chairman that believe contrary the asked. we stillOn item. this accurate data on of quarter. each responsibilityend This vacation days and as as soon summercannot properly be placed upon quorum on 490) (Continued page

secretaries. The latter may be asked

to do the work, but the presidencies are held responsible for its being done.

responsibility is another There resting presidencies that can- A HELPFUL DEVICE FOR PERSONAL WELFARE upon quorum not properly of seeing be shifted—that COMMITTEES

that for of persuasion"the "campaign the nonuse of liquor and tobacco shall 7V Priesthood quorum is a group of of the Personal Welfare Committee to be actively carried out until it reaches *"* brethren. As a brotherhood the the quorum member and kept upto-

effectively every member of the quorum condition of every member must be date by regular later visits of the Comneeding help. known and watched over. To secure mittee.

responsibilities—withTo be a president is toopportunitiesbe loaded withfor suchpurposenecessaryof theinformationimportantis thePersonalmain fareForCommitteesthe informationof otherof PersonalquorumsWelthe

worthwhile service which, when propWelfare Committee, which should card is herewith reprinted.

erly rendered, promptly brings divine function in every quorum.

favors. The High Priests'quorum of Logan The Priesthood Committee of the

Stake keeps a record of every quorum Council of the Twelve would welcome

WHEN SHALL GROUP member on a specially printed card. information concerning other methods

MEETINGS BE HELD? The card is filled out by personal visits of keeping records of quorum members.

A president of a High Priests'quorum Name Address

Occupation stakes of the asks"of one what we Birthdate Is he employed Where. suggest to conditions improve be done Health Kind Able to work of work desired -

in his quorum. He says the monthly Is wife living How many dependents In case of sickness or inability

quorum meetings are a great success, to work can he provide for himself the fine program meeting usually being Can family take care of him followed by a good social attended also Has he filled a mission Where, when by the wives of the members. Has he had his endowments What church offices has he held

the But are group meetings weekly in the activity Present church writes.almost a "flop,"are he They activity prefer does he What

after held short, School, are Sunday to labor Willing but unassigned Unwilling to labor poorly attended, and due to various Is he able to attend quorum meetings interferences only two a month, on an Does he need transportation

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

( Continued from page 489 Of our ninetysix members some are are forward over the campaign will go greater thanwith life and vigor ever. QUORUM PROJECTS profitablyand others employed,not at all.someThroughpart time,the

Most Priesthood quorums are more Elders'personal welfare committee, a active than ever in applying the "perfew of our members spent part of their sonal contact"method to their work. STOREHOUSE OUTFITS otherwise idle time this year helping

It is the "sick"and not the "whole"FAMILY FOR 53 CENTS other members with work on their that need the physician. Smokers and farms which had accumulated for lack

drinkers do not ordinarily attend quo- "Rrom Ohio recently came a man, his of money to hire help. Most of those

rum meetings. Hence they cannot be *- wife, and their four children, faithwho contributed labor have received

reached there. But they are being ful members of the Church, who had produce from the grateful farmers.

reached by methods that all missionstarted westward on foot in search of Both laborer and employer feel well aries practice and know so well. better living conditions. At home in repaid and neither feel that he received

But of course publicity devices must Ohio, they had often cared for the mischarity, which neither did.

used. it committeesalso be Our coincidence, and, strange and sionaries,

I acts believe the most outstanding are usingother developing workers and missionary who, by a returned was fraternalism ocwithin of our quorum publicthese devices for the keeping brought and up picked chance, them recently our curred of one when meminterested campaign. However, miles hundred seven remaining a them

lost out bers nearly his home. was He for rely keepandwe family there the Destitute, to Ogden. inresults—winningthe his to obligaof unable meet and working people our from liquor and away auWelfare in with Church touch got

credfor period than his a longer the influence Stake. tions of the thorities the of North Webertobacco—upon

for itors allow. ask would He didn't in private.home and personal work facilities of the Welfare the Through

thegreat—theThe needtemptationof our workto wastamperneverwithso Plan,uniquethewayfamilythe programwas assistedmakesin posthe helpanotherbut thesourcebishopricand withholdingfound out from

and use cigarettes and alcoholic drinks sible: for fiftythree cents a complete brother's name, notified the presidency

was never so strong. All signs indicate wardrobe, and food in return for work. of the Elders'quorum of his need. The

that our workers resolutely accept the The list of clothing included for the quorum officers notified each member challenge of the liquor and tobacco fiftythree cents is nothing short of reand nearly all made a cash contribubarons and that these destructive narmarkable: four pairs children's shoes; tion. The whole business was done in

cotics will be driven from the homes two pairs slacks; five men's shirts; one one week, and without being a burden

of all Mormon people. This is our ladies'garment; ten play suits; four to anyone, a brother's home was saved.

final objective. girls'dresses; three pairs socks; one He was spared any possible chance of

man's sweater; one pair men's shoes; embarrassment, for the bishopric alone

CONTRIBUTION FROM and one pair men's pants. knew who he was. The fact that he

DR. L. WESTON OAKES was a brother Elder was enough recomrest for of the the quorum. mendation Elders Quorum of

L. Provo, P\r. of Oakes Weston Stake is Davis fraan South5th for need There more much*-* total able of abstinence, champion

I it ternalism in the quorum, hope and following kindly senthas us the quoElders'of the T a been will member have resolutions the of each be among tation the indicated source from on how * until last six fraternalize for years, to but Elder our quorums quorum morea drinking her poisons mother unborn fully. I impressed as never much summer wasbabe:

its I fraternity. Clair President. been as by should Jepson, have

An Expectant Mother Who Takes a Drink of Wine or a Cocktail Poisons Her Unborn Babe Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, September, 1940

Text: Priesthood and Church Government.

Tn the following quotation from the writings of Dr. Arthur N. Donaldson, (See supplementary readings, problems, and projects below.)

Professor of Medicine at College of statements Evangelists, areMedical Responsibilities of presidency V. quorum LESSON XXV the should expectant bothwhich make a. (See every account for member To Priesthood Quorum: Melchizedek hesitate The the nursingmother and mother Readings, 3) Supplementary No. Officers Quorum

long before indulgence in alcoholic (Read chapter 11, pp. 142448) 1. More than an attendance checkdrink of any kind: 2. A personal welfare concern: ancall nual each on member diasupervision: for see I. Organization cell this of as idea alcohol about a What initiative b. for assume quorum To gram If is there ofpoison, though? a saturation progress

II. of acceptance quorum and Nominationall is there (alcohol be can for c. call tissues—and appoint committees and To officersrecovered secretion and every from any reports

a. In Priesthood Lesser quorums after within the drink)organ minutes a few d. regularly as presidency meet To

b. In Elders'quorum possibility the of injury to degree and e. leader appoint—the group with apTo Seventies'c. In quorum iscell the factors: three determined by of proval bishop

d. In quorum High Priests'the of the drug, of concentrationnature and of Duties secretary VI.

drug in the tissues, the resistance or deliIII. Standards of quorum leadership (See a. Custodian for all permanent quorum

cacy of the cell. Supplementary Readings, Nos. 1, 2) records

And while on this point of tissue satura- a. Performance of duties to best of b. Should receive committee records

tion with a damaging narcotic, what about ability c. Should keep minutes of quorum and

injury to the unborn, the developing of a b. Support of Church, stake, and ward presidency meetings

future generation? All elements but the cells authorities d. Should keep in touch with group

of the mother's blood pass through mem- c. Harmonious cooperation with quosecretaries

branes and circulate through the tissues of rum associates e. Should make out:

the unborn babe for nine whole months. d. Observance of Word of Wisdom 1. Enrollment record, quorum and

What about that cocktail in the tiny body; e. Faithfulness in tithepaying group

will it do any good? You know it will not. f. Prompt attendance at quorum meet- 2. Individual activity record

An alcoholic ancestry provides an inferior ings 3. Monthly compilation of group

physical inheritance, notably observed in the g. Attendance at other Church funcrecords

glands of internal secretion and in the nertions 4. Quarterly report

vous system. Donaldson, Arthur N., "For IV. Supervision of divided quorums

Health's Sake Don't Drink,"Signs of the a. Each group to have officers Problems and projects:

Times, May 23, 1939, p. 5.) b. Groups to meet monthly as quorum 1. Study together the diagram of Mel490

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

chizedek Priesthood supervision on page 4. Discuss the contribution of regular full

threefold to the meetings does such a study quorum 143 of the text. What role of Supplementary Readings

class, division authority, line of a fraternity, as a studyreveal concerning the quorum of responsibility, advisory and administraand a service organization. What are the For Priesthood and Church Government

tive checks, interrelation of the parts with elements of a successful quorum meeting?

hour, suitablethe convenient whole? room, Consider

availleadership the best 2. united presidency, order promptness, should Why of those1. Mankindin whom arethey proneplace confidence;to imitate first for of Priesthood sense quobusiness, program, obprovidedable worthwhile be

rums and secondarily for other organizations ligation to quorum on part of members. the greater the confidence the more

influenced are they for good orin the Priesthood quorum the Church? Has "vacation"from readily can there be no 5. Why

If this consideration? Elder is circumspect received for evil.always an holding or group Priestweekly quorum

3. Explain fully the significance of "achood meetings? and refined in his communications, both

counting"for every member. In what ways in public and in private; if his conversais to especially a the equipped do quorum is XXVII modest, tion LESSON promptunassuming, and

this "accounting"? job ofthorough

desires Priesthood pure of earnest Melchizedek the Quorum: a The ed by 4. himself display secretary the Have Purposes, Projects if is virtuchaste, his heart; deportment brieflythe keeps, records speaking he on

chapter 151154) (Read 11, pp. purest influenced ous, the only and bytheir purpose. nature and

5. principles holy the inventory the and Let take motives, presidency an same

to are organizations accom- I. Quorums the ascertainof quorum, name, and by name difwill gradually purity of be conduct plish of the purposes Lord

is of service doing each onewhat by way district the conference or fused through his individual help and member a. To to thein active Assign Church. members presides. travels or he Every where their in family every needvisit spiritual either or those of in need

1. will respect Saint Temporally goodgenuine goodphysical comfort.

2. Mentally it is try seen, will ness, and wherever

3. Spiritually all is the imitate examples. to good AsLESSON XXVI b. help in accomplishment Church To are presiding Elder, so the members. Priesthood Melchizedek Quorum:The

its threefold of as organized duty anFunds, Meetings Activity, (In the Quorum Realm of body. 148151; 154156) chapter (Read 11, pp. Edition, 1930, Third pp. 102-3.) 1. in of Church members keep To

2. ideal for every Another worthy full of duty way of funds: I. Nature Income quorum

is given presidency 2. by Abrathose quorum teach to Gospel who To yielded projects from

it yet not heard have in Price of Great Pearl the (1:2) ham II. of funds Use

for provide dead in temple 3. To follows: as a. desires meet needs and quorum To

ordinances b. assist famneedy and members To rightfollower of myself a been Having

II. objectives Principal ilies quorum also posto desiring one eousness, be who

its a. doctrine c. study Gospel and to contribute To Welfare Program To to a greater sessed knowledge, be and

life application to d. for speculation Not to righteousness, greater of and follower

regularly service render b. some of III. Administration funds To to greater a possess be knowledge, a and

to the a. Church presidency reauthorized Quorum prince peace, of of nations, father a many for of care personal welfare ceivers custodians c. To and to instructions, to desiring receive and and every b. member should receive Expenditures ap- I the of God, commandments became keep

d. in activmiscellaneous engage proval of To quorum heir, the Priest, rightful holding a a High

ities c. to before consulted help be Bishop fathers. to right the belonging (Standards

given d. Stake presidency to be consulted for III. Knowing(See Supplementaryand doing: Readings,quorum projectsNo. 4) for Quorum Presidencies.)

large disbursements, investments a. Quorum more than a study group 3. The Priesthood quorum bears a

e. Bishop to receipt all expenditures b. Quorum an activity group responsibility for the welfare of its

f. deposited safely to be Funds c. Projects active the of proof an propthrough quorum, members. The

1. Banks Priesthood erly out appointed means, seek must

2. Cooperative Security CorporaIV. projects of Purpose quorum individual the of needs each member, tion

fill a. needs quorum To to that the attempt supply needs and administration Special of Seventies'g. b. participation of all For members discovered. great purbe One may funds

c. spirit establishing of brotherFor

is dethe of to Priesthood pose quorum General Fund hood 2. will Fund 1. Quorum care brethren of velop a group who projects: of being Kinds V. "anxiously of plan IV. meetings: Purpose quorum and for other's welfare. each men two No in cause"a engaged good proper Joseph order Smith on needs, the or exactly must same have a. Recreational of nature V. meetand quorum Number difficulties. just the Theresame meet b. Church Welfare ings

a. Weekly meeting of quorum presifore, each brother should be able to

dency Problems and projects count on the support of his brethren b. Monthly full quorum meeting 1. Consult the text Priesthood and Church who are not afflicted as he is. No quo-

c. Weekly quorum or group meeting Welfare for suggestions in handling the rum of the Priesthood is assuming the

1. For activity lesson on quorum projects. full obligation placed upon it by the

2. For instruction 2. "The quorum presidency should see to Lord, which does not sufficiently extend

d. district or meeting for offiit Union that to do something every has member in its activities to help each member

is cers (leadership meeting) challenge continually."a standing Here spirit his individual of need. The e. if that, meetings well met, Committee be it has not been may

is indispensable for quobrotherhood f. Socials, projects right considered now.

3. Discuss (1) complete quorum organirum success. (Priesthood Manual, p.

Problems and projects: zation, (2) capable leadership and effective 40.)

1. in has the proReview done supervision, worthwhile been what and a it (3) 4. or years hundred more ago A

in the gathering of to essentials usequorum funds of success as and quorum gram that learning the end thought was was the year. projects. pastduring acyour Compare great times education. But in modern

tivities reports the at of with appearing time from teaching, attendance do ward 4. Why is that education comminds showed in time tithing,to Melchizof meeting, keeping Improvement of Era, and payment The

edek Priesthood section. the Word of Wisdom not fit the definition plete only when practice in the labor-

2. The manner of creating quorum funds of a quorum project? What is the prime atory, in the field or in active life, backs

has been left to each quorum. Call for some purpose and distinction of a quorum project? up that which we have learned in

discussion suggesting what may be under- 5. The danger that besets every organizaschools or from textbooks. Therefore,

taken to raise quorum funds. Why are cotion is that the work of the organization will in the request made of the Priesthood

fall routine.operative better uninteresting, into than individual work plans an humdrum just to set up projects quorums we are donations? Define the particularcash variety to maintain be constant funds There must part of educarrying out a fundamental the Seventies'in interest. rotation of the Discuss quorum. quorum

3. "Quorum funds are really trust funds."program to achieve this. What projects cation, of human development. (ImHow does this view influence their receipt may be devised to obtain progressive inprovement Era, September, 1938, pp.

and disbursement? terest? 550-1.)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

him. like before for his out a glorious panorama because he was zealousTHE AARONIC priesthood; beautiful his chilfeasted eyes on the for the Having an atonement God, and madePRIESTHOOD dren of Israel."and beloved prospect—the land where AbraFifth in a series of articles to Mosestake theandcensusEleazerofwerethe nowmen commandedof war, or ham,seed theIsaac,GodandtheyJacobworshippedhad dwelt,had whosesworn

written by the late Elder Orson males twenty years old and upwards who should inherit it; a land rendered dear by

F. Whitney of the Council of were capable of bearing arms. The totalall the ties of hope and history, but now

the Twelve. Published originity obtained was six hundred and one thoudoubly precious in that he beheld but could

the it—Moses,

to himself ally in "The Contributor."sandvites sevenwere hundrednumberedandseparately.thirty. TheTheirLenotservantpassofoverthe toLord,possessresigned

sum was twentythree thousand males from his fate. He "died there in the land of

V. a month old and upwards. Of the entire Moab, according to the word of the Lord.

population, there were but three who were And He buried him in a valley in the land

his of sepulchre unto this knoweth It man before. forty years a census was newTheEleazer,episode of Phinehas, son of living when Moses and Aaron took the of Moab, over against BethPeor: but no the slayer of Zimri and

daythat to take generation posabout was be Continued) (To Cosbi, is the incident next old of land it session of the Canaan. The

becomes our duty to chronicle. It one, all but Moses, Caleb, and Joshua, hadwas in the plains of Moab, on the died in the wilderness. The God of Israel, PREPARE NOW FOR RENEWAL

ever, kept as His word.* had IN OF ACTIVITY SEPTEMBEReast shore opposite of Jordan, JerIt to expiate the of turn Moses was nowicho. hosts The allied of Moab and his transgression. reminded was of He the coming September and by VJTith

Midian, jealous of so formidable a the Lord of his trespass at the waters of * the end of the vacation period, to told its penalty, preMeribah, and and as their within appearedpower had activity renewed his the death. for as ever pare Meekly ifborders, but hopeless of success begins. How extensivein all Churchthat renewalgroups leader great submitted his of to the decree

they attacked the armies of Israel, Master. He first besought the Lord to of activity becomes is determined in

hit upon the scheme of seducing them choose him a successor. The request was large part by preparations made in adfrom their allegiance to Jehovah, to complied with in the selection of his faithful vance by the leaders of the various

the immoral and voluptuous worship minister, Joshua: groups. Charts showing the attendance

thee the quoat Aaronic a son Priesthood of Nun, Joshua "Take members man ofof their god, BaalPeor. snare The spirit, is the thine lay hand and whom during point meetings rum a low show successful.proved sons The him; of inupon indiwith and August, September July

Israel committed whoredoms with "And set him before Eleazer the priest, cating a marked increase. This inthe daughters of Moab, and bowed and before all the congregation; and give crease becomes more pronounced in

down with them in worship of their him a charge in their sight. October, November, and December.

idols. The God of Israel, in right- "And thou shalt put some of thine honor It is believed that with proper planall that the him, the congregation of ning boys and more young indignation,eous men many again poured Israel out uponchildren obedient. of be may activity into in brought can Septembe vials His people theupon of His shall before the stand Eleazer he "And it ber, at present requires whereas, twowrath. plague out broke among priest; shall for after A counsel him ask who three bring attendance to or months at of the the before Lord; judgment carried Urimthem, which twentyaway

to seaafter the normal back summer shall out, at they His His go and word word souls.four thousand ordered Moses

is over. son all in; shall the they both he and come Israel, also,the of judges to slay all Israel of children him, the with even bishoprics, the of are Members whoevery joined himself had man who congregation."presidencies the of Priesthood Aaronic

to BaalPeor. Having done as the Lord commanded, in the wards, stake and ward commitlaid trusts all the discharged and this upon In the distress, of dire midst advisers to are urged and quorum

the him, lawgiver of tees, prophet Moses, andwhile the congregation weepwere plans bring activity into as make now to Israel, farewell to the people he bade hading before at the early door of the Moses as possible in September every faithfully. called served so long and He

Tabernacle, a prince of the tribe of the tribes together, rehearsed to them their quorum member who is available.

Simeon, Zimri by name, came bringhistory, instructed them anew in the law, The work being carried on by fidelity to them obedience and to Aaronic the Priesthood intoing under in quorums the camp, the sight of their future, of blessed prophesied and all God,exhorting is so important present program and people,the a Midianitish woman them. then ascended Nebo, Mount He valuable that every members to quorum Cosbi. shameful speclofty heightnamed from permitted The he whose was

tacle so enraged Phinehas, that he to behold the land of their inheritance, spread possible effort should be made to extend rose up and seized a javelin and pur- 'Numbers, XIV:2835. themembersbenefitsas ofpossible.the program to as many

suing after the guilty pair, thrust the spear through both their bodies. POCATELLO STAKE EXPLORERSCOUT CHORUS WHICH SANG IN THE TABERNACLE SATURDAY NIGHT

The Lord, though not a delighter in AND AT TESTIMONY MEETING IN THE ASSEMBLY HALL SUNDAY MORNING DURING JUNE bloodshed, so admired this display CONFERENCE.

of zeal, that, having stayed the plague, He commended the son of

Eleazer in these words:

"Phinehas, the son of Eleazer, the son of

Aaron the priest, hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel (while he was zealous for my sake among them) that

I consumed not the children of Israel in my jealousy; "Wherefore say, Behold I give unto him my covenant of peace.

"And he shall have it, and his seed after him, even the covenant of an everlasting

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

PILGRIMAGE TOP: CHICAGO STAKE AT RESTORATION ANNIVERSARY MONUMENTS EXTENDPETRIFYING KENOSHA, WISPARK AT SPRING

CONSIN. REPORTS STILL BEING MISSIONARY INFLUENCE

SECOND: BATTALION MORMON MONUMENT RECEIVED

BETWEEN HTwo monuments which are already FE AND ALBUQUERQUE, SANTA

MEXICO.NEW inmissionary valuable extending observance successful of the eports "D have in they areas which the in fluence ** ALBERT ELDER GEORGE CENTER: UPPER RestoraPriesthood the of Aaronic MOROF THE MARCH"THESMITH "REVIEWING on unveiled June were erected been still are 18th FE tion AND on SANTA BATTALION Anniversary BETWEENMON May planning result of the 16th. were BothALBUQUERQUE. the office Preat of the received being completed were local and groups by the imporOF MONof Bishopric. THE CLOSEUP CENTER: siding A LOWER Two Presiding the of cooperation the with INSCRIPTION.UMENT those of the celebrations tant were day

BOTTOM: ALL ARROWHEAD AWARD WINNERS of the Eastern States Mission and the Bishop's Office and the Utah Pioneer

Association. and Landmarks—TROOP 2283. Chicago Stake. Trails between Santa No. 85 On Highway

Approximately one hundred Saints, Fe and Albuquerque, New Mexico, friends, and missionaries gathered on which follows the Mormon Battalion the banks of the Susquehanna River trail of 1846, a monument twentytwo near the spot where John the Baptist feet high, built of stone and cement, conferred the Aaronic Priesthood on and containing a bronze tablet weighing

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery. two hundred sixty pounds, tells a brief

President Frank Evans of the Eastern story of the organization, the march,

States Mission presided at the service, and the accomplishments of the Morwith District President Albert R. White mon Battalion. The tablet contains a

conducting. The principal speaker of map showing the route of the Battalion,

the service was Elder George Albert giving special prominence to four outSmith of the Council of the Twelve. standing points connected with its hisThis was his first visit to Harmony tory. These are: Council Bluffs, Iowa,

(now Oakland) Pennsylvania, the vilwhere the Battalion was mustered in;

lage in which Joseph Smith and Oliver Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, where the

Fe, outfitted; Santa New were translating the were Book of troops Cowdery

the was command where Mexico, Priesthood the Aaronic Mormon when Saint Phillip Captain with changed, was restored following their prayers George Cook being placed at the head for information regarding the principle of the column; and San Diego, Caliof baptism. fornia, the end of the twentytwo-

Newspapers of the vicinity gave hundredmile trek.

highly complimentary notices of the pilElder George Albert Smith of the grimage, the editor of one, The Evening Council of the Twelve and president

Landmarks Trails and Pioneer of Utah Transcript, suggesting that a monument at speaker the guest Association was should site at the be located such where were which ceremonies dedication the an important event occurred. participated in by notables from the

The Chicago Stake outing was held state of New Mexico, at Petrifying Spring Park, at Kenosha, The monument was erected by a comWisconsin. Accompanying the group mittee representing principally the

were eighteen nonmembers and visChurch branches in the two cities with itors, in addition to a splendid reprethe assistance of state officials and eduIt sentation of both Melchizedek and cational leaders of New Mexico.

the state to deeded been of New Aaronic Priesthood members. has of a will a part become and Mexico

PRIESTHOOD ACTIVITY AIDS systembeing erectedof monumentsin that state.and markers now

IN GAINING AWARD On the same day, June 1 6th, a monument was erected on the Indian Reser- /""Outstanding distinction has come to vation in northern Arizona honoring members of Explorer Troop No. Tom Polacca, a leader of the Corn

2283 of the Price Second Ward of Clan of the Hopis, who had been outCarbon Stake. Every member of this standing as a crusader for better sanitroop has been given the Y. M. M. I. A. tation and education among his people.

"Arrowhead"award for meritorious The dedicatory service occurred durservice in the Explorer progam. ing a conference of the Navajo and

Hopi district of the Snowflake Stake

One of the requirements for receivMission. As a part of the exercises,

ing this award is that the member shall twentytwo Indians, mostly adults, have had a satisfactory record of acwere received into the Church by baptivity in his Priesthood quorum. Each tism. Representatives of the Hopi,

member of the troop qualified with Navajo, Tewa, Papago, Shasta, and high rating in Priesthood activity. Wilother Indian tribes participated.

dethose attending of were Many the liam of a Campbell, member now first the heard of Indians scendants who is bishopric, of troop the is leader and Hamblin, "Aposthrough Jacob Gospel assisted by L. B. Gidding, chairman of tle to the Lamanites,"who first led misthe Troop Committee, and William sionaries among the Indians of that

Grogan, a member of the committee. section.

Vaughn A. Cutler, Stake Explorer The monument was dedicated by

Commissioner, has rendered valuable President David A. Butler of the Snowassistance in promoting the troop. flake Stake.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

three out of 1,000 boys who enter the

Ix/wtcL Jsuzdi&i& VybiAAaqsL $?i Sspbun&aA, 1%Q graduatefifth gradefromin colleges.our AmericanOut ofschoolsevery

THE YOUTH OF ZION 1,000 boys who enter the fifth grade, only 830 will return the next year. The

HPhe principal concern of the Church today is its youth. To the youth seventh grade will receive but 710 of

of today we must look for the future guidance and leadership of the the original 1,000, and the eighth grade

Church. To the youth of today we must look for the future growth and 634. Only 342 of the original 1,000

progress of the Church. To youth we must look for missionaries to carry will enter high school, and only 139

the Gospel message to the ends of the earth. will graduate from high school. SevHow well the work of the Church will be done in the years to come entytwo will go to college, and but

will depend upon how well the youth of today are taught, grounded in, and twentythree will receive their diplomas imbued with, the spirit of the Gospel. on Commencement Day, with a trainIn the hands of youth, many of whom are going to distant places to ing for professional and business life.

gain a livelihood, is the good name of the Church. By their actions, when Out of the original 1,000 boys who

they get out in the world, the Church will be judged. By their manner of enter the fifth grade in our public

living they will either honor and magnify the Church in the eyes of men, schools, 977 drop out before the comor drag its good name in the mire. pletion of the college course.

To the youth of Zion a great heritage has been promised. Born under

if entitled, the covenant, they are worthy, to great blessings. Their destiny WORD OF WISDOM TEACHER'S the children clear. of among been men has made be leaders. They are to

To realize the blessings to which they are heirs, youth must be prepared MESSAGE FOR AUGUST qualified. and has provided organizations Church and to The programs for '"P'he for message Teaching Ward this bring about preparation to enable is every person and young who

the title the under August month of effort willing the the blessings to qualify for to make experiences and which lie ahead. "Financial, Spiritual, and Physical

is direct atto the intended Power"auxiliary the This organizations month of the Church, of which some of of the evChurch members recessed for the will tention have there summer, will In all groups resume activity.

interest. of be a revival Many who have been away on vacations will erywherethan one tohundredthe revelationyears agogivenformorethe return available for participation. be and will

of Saints the teaching purpose what offered Priesthood the The opportunities quorums by and Church drink, should be to eat and and what auxiliaries are unequalled. to the youth probably of Zion Every young

person who will take advantage of the programs offered will receive educaavoided.

tion, training, and experience in the doctrines, ordinances, and practices of The Word of Wisdom was given the Church that will lead to greater blessings and exalting experiences. "showing forth the order and will of

Thousands who have neglected their opportunities in the past now have God in the temporal salvation of all regrets in place of blessings. Saints in the last days."It is signifiParents should encourage their children to avail themselves of these cant that the Lord considered the teminvaluable helps and guides to success and future progress. Members of poral salvation of His people important

all organizations should encourage their friends and neighbors to participate enough to give to Joseph Smith a speactively in the programs. We should all be missionaries for the Priesthood cial revelation on that subject alone.

quorums and auxiliary organizations. No clearer, more easily understood, or

New programs are beginning this month in many groups. An effort more definite code of health has ever

should be made now to interest our young people particularly in them. been given to mankind. Its teachings

Parents have the most direct responsibility. By example and precept, they are simple; its promises are great. It

are urged to use their influence with their children to interest them in the designates food and drink which should privileges and blessings to which they are entitled as members of this great be taken for health and strength, and

Church. forbids the use of articles which are

definitely injurious to the human body.

It should be enough for any Latterday Saint to read the second paragraph only of the Word of Wisdom. Anything that shows forth "the order and

will of accepted should be God"by physical Poor condition.... 12 2 AFFECT CIGARETTESHOW but, question; Saints Latterday without condition moral 14 Bad HABITS,CHARACTER, AND is if the fact that: not enough, added 1 condition mental 18 BadEFFICIENCY the of for given loafers Street was Wisdom 16 thisWord

Cuperintendentinvestigation ofP.theL. Lordwork madeof fouran CarelessOut nightsin dress 1512 4 beoursufficient.temporal salvation should surely

1 neat or clean 12 Not ofhundred hundred boys, two whom fact that the of The Wisdom, Word Truants 10 cigarettes of andsmoked two hundred is to the capacity the "adapted of grades weak 18 3 Low retherefrom, andwhom abstained the 79 and all Saints"2 of leaves weakest No promotion ported as follows:* Over age 19 2 every person without excuse for failure

NonUntruthful 9 to observe this law of the Lord. Smokers smokers Slow thinkers 19 3

Nervous 14 1 Poor workers 17 It is expected that the Ward Teach- 1 hearingImpaired 13 visits ers in their during the of month to Dr. According the D. H. Kress 1 12Poor memory all will direct the attention of August chief for reason the following condimanners 16 2Bad Saint families to this Latterday reve- *: * is deportment 1 tion 13 the cigaretteLow twentyOnly lation, as has which accepted been a

*0'Shea, M. V. Tobacco and Mental **Is the Cigarette Destroying Our commandment from the Lord to this

Efficiency, page 122, 1925. Young People? Dr. D. H. Kress, p. 3. people.

ancestors have been records whose by those genfor only two or three in this countryThe Search Goes On—An Account of Genealogical

Activity in The Eastern States Mission erations.Already the society is bearing fruit:

members are preparing for the permaBy WILLIAM MULDER nent files of the Society the baptismal

From data furnished by records of the Schenectady First Dutch

ELDER MERRITT H. EGAN ReformedOthers haveChurchcensusfromand 1694privateto burial1800.

Genealogical Representative, Eastern States Mission records. Many have traced their family pedigrees to the ninth generation.

Tf there is any place in the United All this material will be made available * States—other than among Latterday year ago last April Conference, to the Genealogical Society of Utah.

nurturing find people of Dr. A. Widtsoe we JohnSaints—where A the Tn the copying of cemetery inscripmis- asked the orof family joining Council the Twelve in ancestrypride and

ganizations and patriotic societies, it sion presidents of the Church what tions the Eastern States Mission is is in the east along the Atlantic seasingle phase of the Gospel was most finding another source of genealogical in respective their misresponsible the in First began copying wealth. thirteen original the of area theboard,

friends, for sions new making new twentyone 1939. spring of With politically geographically andcolonies, interests, President converts. new time year's in a cooperating, branches nation. Descendthe of birthplacethe States the Eastern of Frank Evans records fifteen have thousand than more faEnglish original and ofants Dutch the into subject and looked Mission

thers of the country, conscious perhaps concluded that genealogy, and its atbeen transcribed. Blanks filled in dithat their heritage is just a little older tendant Gospel ordinances and berectly from headstones are sent to the

and historically more significant than liefs, was the greatest factor in his Genealogical Society of Utah in alphainvesti- result of in mission, as a which are they put order, betical where world, to the followersthat of their new the to April gation brought he filed to according form Contypewritten and the withespecially concern of data the ference which from 1940 thus Salt in place. Lake Researchers as a of theirrecords antecedents—somethemselves compiled. this account has been as information to as access have much in pride, others an of personalmatter

effort to meet membership requirements they could otherwise obtain only by of patriotic societies (a search which traveling to the East.

quickly becomes its own motivation to experienced as he was interested in The copying of cemetery records, go on ), a great many inexplicably as a genealogy, whom he invited to speak especially ideal as a summer activity, pastime or nobby, and not a few because before the members of the Church at has an additional, and by no means they somehow sense the importance of their next genealogical meeting. Mr. secondary, value: excursions to the

keeping a family record. McConville had been endeavoring for country to copy the inscriptions from

of the form taken old cemeteries have sogenealogical to years organize a interests these growing Feeding attracted picnics, been to which have ciety, the interest the and by shown public and wellequippedare numerous, in part taken never had him. members who Saints encouraged Latterday libraries, of theminstitutional many

activities. Fascinated, and genealogical talks this after Finally, early year, more historical large genealogical andwith of exciting initiated into phase once the an other groups, before interested bioGenealogicalcollections. and

continued research, they have genuine Society Genealogical Schenectady was with publishing companies,graphical interest. their active officers, charter, organized with and a files special pedigreestheir pubof and

the speare cemeteries "Forgotten"membership, committees program, on field, facilitate tolications the devoted in the this cial undertaking object publication. records, publicity and and historical, patriotic, localresearch, and

in situated Eastern specialist a on McConville, Mr. With States—cemeteriesof societies, of virtue genealogical byand

live near people the where country few Electric for lubrication General Comeager the organization,their encourage invillage the never them, was where officers inpresident, other pany, asinvestigator.

recording thus corporated made and no critic vice textual president as a clude in States the MisEastern Workers register. statistics in vital Cemany editorial secthe in special writer and in stimulatfind a themselvession thus not this "lost"in eteries need not way the tion the publicity of of department theying environment, genealogical and for transcription, for direct visited be treasurer, the as company, and same advantage take to slow not beenhave their copied can more books record be director the art also departfrom same

it. people the friends withof make To microfilm. rapidly the of means by secretary, elected ment. Brother Terry, A

in interested vicinity theirin genealogy is the Branch of Jamestown member is also with incidentally Genemployed of the particular objective thehas been in the recovery great service performing of eal apparently, Electric—evidence, in theGenealogical Committees business of cemeteries. His forgotten interest highly contagious which a Mission. States of the Easternbranches along roads takes country where him his associates. business spread among city with York,In Schenectady, a New finds sometimes tombstones, often he society, of the purpose avowed An heritage, predominantly wherea Dutch soil in three, the or just or buried two Latterone-third are of members whose allthe College of presidents have Union view. otherwise hidden from in Saints, the Schenreported day was genealogists historians andbeen and in positions the camHolding key follows: as ectady Gazette the present tree the family ofwhere genealogycon- to paign make members

its finds roots Millsmayor, Eyck, Ten intend the whether been asked have are scious in the Eastern States we We region, in the early the Dutchamong limit to and Hudson our work to Mohawk been missionaries. they have Wherever

the AlbanySchenectady Genealogical valley families. The answer is, decidedly wellinformed and welltrained in this

It is desire to aid anyone, our organized as the not.Society... no was recently field, peothe special thrived has work the part matter of from country he whatdirect such friendmak- outcome of one stimulated, organiza-: been ple have is in subject. the interested comes, Nor whoing endeavor. tions friends up, have sprung have is interest limited those to our famwhose

By way of a magazine article, ilies have been in the United States for been made of nonmembers. A samBrother Ira T. Terry of Schenectady a number of generations. We should like pling of the correspondence that reaches

met a Mr. Howard A. McConville, as to encourage and promote the starting of (Concluded on page 498)

E STm w W liteiiW

TRACY Y. CANNON, MARVIN O. ASHTON

CTiar'rman ASPER FRANK W. COMMITTEE MUSIC GENERAL CHURCH SPENCER CORNWALL

D. PYPER, GEORGE M. DURHAM Offices General Church J.ALFRED General First Vice Chairman and Treasurer HINCHCLIFF LESTER

GERRIT DE JONG, Committee Music ROBERTSON. LE ROY D. STERLING WHEELWRIGHTJR. SecondJ. SCHREINER MAIN STREET ALEXANDER Vice Chairman 50 NORTH

N. LORENZO Secretary MITCHELL, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH FREDAFRANCESJENSENGRANT BENNETT

THE CHOIR IN THE eight singers than more than that numminute definitely planned to accomplish

SMALL WARD ber, and after the choir of eight is firmly something which will show results. One

By Dr. Frank W. Asper establishedadd one or itmorewill voicesbe a simplerto eachmatterpart. to tioncannottogetherhope towherehold sucheveryonean organizais busy

f** ettingappearsa goodto somechoiran inalmosta smallhopelessward bestThemembersefficientofdirectorthe wardwillareseechosenthat theto ifandthesaysdirector"Whatcomesshalltowethesing?"rehearsaland

task, but it actually is one of the most sing, just as a Sunday School teacher proceeds to "try over"several numinspiring accomplishments in our or Primary teacher is called to his ofbers to "see how they sound."

Church. The writer has heard some fice. Remember that when the choir is It might be well to have the chorus

of the very best choruses in the Church so small, one wellmeaning but ineffilearn one or two hymns at the very in some of our smaller wards. Our cient volunteer can mean the difference first, but break away from these as

statistics show that the average popubetween success and failure. Usually the quickly as possible so that the choir

lation in our wards is about five hunproblem of finding tenors who can carry will be singing something with which dred. Inasmuch as it takes nearly as their parts alone is the greatest, ana the congregation is not too familiar.

many people to hold the positions in a the director should select the best two One cannot expect a congregation to small ward as in a large, this means he can get. If these cannot carry their be interested in what the choir is doing

that in the smaller wards practically part independently, it may be necessary if what they sing is too well known.

everyone eligible is occupied in some to devote a few minutes to them each It must also have the interest of those position. week for a time until they become acwho are listening. There are many anThis condition, far from being a customed to the routine. After selectthems that can be used, and a list of a

liability, should be recognized as a ing the two for the most difficult part few easier ones that might be used for great help in the formation of a ward ( usually tenors ), get two of each of the such a combination may be found at choir. When people occupy Church others that you think will blend. Be the end of this article.

positions, it seems to make them alert, very insistent that they can all sing on In cases where there is a solo for and they learn to make the most of pitch, for in such a small group one soprano it may also be sung by a tenor their time, and they also become more singer can easily spoil all. After the if the choir does not have a soprano

imbued with the spirit of the Gospel and choir is wellrehearsed and singing well of adequate quality or training to do seem to be able to make their minutes together, one voice to each part should well with the solo; and likewise a socount for more. The Church has be added, until there are twenty memprano may sing a part which is marked

found an increase in activity wherever bers, but over this number, all things for tenor. The alto solo parts may also

they have divided a ward. Being a being equal, it will be best to let the be exchanged with baritone or bass.

small unit, the members are always soprano and bass slightly outnumber With the combination of eight voices proud to support anything to make their the alto and tenor. the director will also find that he can

ward outstanding. Being more comIt is not usually a difficult task to sing numbers written in eight parts or

pact geographically, they come closer find a rehearsal time for eight people, he will be able to use a ladies'trio or to the real community spirit. It has certainly not nearly as hard as it is for quartet or male quartet, and this should

also been found that the percentage of twice that number. When there are be done often to give variety in the

attendance at all meetings increases and so few, the singers will all respond and music presented.

the people become much more reliable try their best to be at every rehearsal It is surprising how little time the diand accept their responsibility more for they know there will be no one to rector will have to devote to planning seriously. take their places, and with that spirit rehearsals and music ahead of time in

Because everyone in the small ward that is so characteristic of the smaller comparison with the results that he can has a crowded schedule and there must wards they accept the responsibility. achieve. He will find that where he can

be no effort or time lost in making the The most convenient time is the most use variety to relieve the monotonous choir a success, the wise bishop will successful, and many leaders have routine of the choir's singing—keeping

choose for a director the most efficient found it unnecessary to take a whole the choir from singing fourpart comperson he can possibly get. This is evening for the rehearsal of such a positions every week—the results will

most essential, for when the members small group. One of the best possible repay manifold the effort which is put

must be chosen from a ward where times is immediately following Sunday into it.

everyone is active, efficiency is imSchool, for the reason that this is the perative in all things pertaining to the most universally attended service we Suggested Anthems choir, will expect or there reasonably After have. be no choir. One may then

selection director,the of the to singers all of the be present, two probmore of Forthosenumbersin the Churchthat are Chorister,not too difficult,publishedall lems present themselves which must be so than at night when so many things by Hall & McCreary Co., may be used.

squarely met, for if they are not, the can interfere. If the rehearsing is done Most of those in the Deseret Anthems, Vol.

choir cannot exist. These are, namely: after Sunday School, be sure to avoid II, and the Carl Fischer Anthem Collection

personnel and rehearsal time. having the members see someone else will also be found practical. There is an

Members should be recruited from "for just a minute,"for where they reendless list of numbers that are not hard, the best singers in the ward. It is best hearse only a short period the slightest that may be used with a small choir, such as:

"Incline Thine Ear,"Himmel, Composer; in startto punctuality eight with absolute for deviation from members—two Publisher. Schirmer, parts, easily the four ofeach attendance and it is also can very mean failure

BaldSavior,"Me, "Tarry With My O if possible, project.recommended, the of to have one whole Publisher. Gray, Composer;high, If light voice director the each part, has planned his rewin, on one and Bullard, the Cross,"Christ "As Upon

more robust with heavier tones in the hearsal time well, the group need not Composer; Ditson, Publisher.

middle and lower ranges. The leader rehearse more than half an hour each "The Lord in Strength Victorious,"Newill find that it is far easier to train week. But the director must have every vin, Composer; Ditson, Publisher.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940 mutual

SPEECH MANUAL

The Speech Manual is available at the General Board offices for 25c a copy, THREE SISTERS BECOME Y. W. M. I. A. PRESIDENTS

rpHREE daughters of Mrs. W. H.

Dalton of Roy, Utah, were recently made presidents of the Young

Women's Mutual Improvement organizations of their respective wards, within a week's time. None knew of the

others'appointments, until they were so advised by their proud and worthy mother.

Mrs. Florence Dalton Andreasen was

made president of the East Mont

Ward, Pasadena Stake, in Los Angeles.

Mrs. Ida Dalton Draayer was made

president of the Clinton Ward, Weber

Stake, Clinton, Utah.

Mrs, Rose Dalton Hardy was made president of the Colonial Heights

Ward, Portland Stake, Portland,

Oregon.

OCTOBER ASSEMBLY

PROGRAM T)lans should be made in September for the assembly program which will be given October 22nd in every ward. BeeHive leaders should cooperate with ward executives and activity directors who might assist in the

presentation of this program. For

complete program outline, see Executive and Community Activity Manual, pages 117121. Musical numbers might

be added to the suggested program.

QUEEN AND HER COURT, HELD INBEEHIVE DOUBLE PARTY 1. THETAFT BRANCH GOLD AND GREEN BALL BAKERSFIELD, CALIF., DISTRICT.FOR SEPTEMBER

Purpose: 2. BEEHIVE GIRLS OF SOUTH SANPETE

WHO PRESENTED A SUNDAY EVENING SERVICE.TP'ox bling"arouseof BeeHivean interestmembershipin the "douas STAKE

a part of the Jubilee Year, and to pro- 3. SPRING CITY WARD GOLD AND GREEN

vide an opportunity to get acquainted BALL QUEEN AND ATTENDANTS, NORTH with all girls of BeeHive age at the SANPETE STAKE.

beginning of the fall season. 4. PANAMA CITY BEEHIVE CLASS, SOUTH

Time: PORT, FLORIDA.

A Friday or Saturday night in September, GOLD AND GREEN as possible as soon BALL QUEEN AND after Mu- 5. ATTENDANTS AT FARMINGTON WARD,tual meetings begun. have eveEarly STAKE, YOUNG FARMINGTON, NEW

ning MEXICO. is preferable.

Place: A ward or stake amusement hall, unANDGOLD HERAND COURTGREEN WHICHBALL WITHWAS ONEQUEENOF

THE HIGHLIGHTS M. OF THE leadership.der stake or ward (OpTIVITY THIS SEASON AT REDDING,I. A. ACtional.) CALIFORNIA MISSION. (Concluded on page 498)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

from 19 to 77 from July, 1938, to December, 1939, while the number of families doing research work grew, during ( Concluded from page 497) relay is always good, as well as the relay the same period, from 39 to 170.

requiring "doubles"to run backto-back. The Eastern States Mission is setting

Invitations: Limerick Contest: Either before the a goal far beyond even these accomdistribute of party, night the party, at the or principal plishments, however. The as early as issued posshould be These

girls to the limerick a are to add a which is fall to objective to reached be to by girls sufficientsible, to time the give prize. last best being a given one line—-the their sheetsinvite costumes. to place plan guests family thousand one and group

is the this contest to of get purpose The of piece invitation the doubled a onWrite in pedigree charts one and thousand girls to in think suggest they which ways either question cards, a with orpaper mark to the Archives, Church and Record doubled. might BeeHive membership be other, the invitation side the on and oneon ten temples the send thousand to names a in entries contest placed be might The sides. invitation the bothor rhyming on A girls for enter, during large the as ordinance beehive or work. attractive the toinvitation might be more

anevening. could the winner be The in the Ultimately, family every from is girls. following suggestion a The the just of before conclusion the nounced will similar there mission secured be substituted:better well ones might be

in limerick party. the of might be copy A is information. large assignment a The

"It's lines 'Double'wall. the BeeHive following evidence a on The party—double is one, the to organizing mission but end! to origithe fun others are suggested, but might be

it, fulfill lectures, public personal with to bring There's in double stakes: be nated do and wards crowd—so

visits to coordination home, each and friend. a

If boosters we're of BeeHive worth knowmission represenPlease branch costume between with and some her—represent ing,

pair; strange tatives in figuring large the campaign. this great help keep must movement We will You'll receive double using resources acquaint the people welcome—so To growing. there? be you of with the Society Genealogical Utah could, trouble with no We Place Time "Its lines identical in the pursuing double people membership Date

all telling enjoying.) we're (By of will mission of imporbe paramount

tance. single other prothan any MoreDecorations: the "doubles"Parade Allow of Doubles:

it is felt, genealooical further cedure, to to grand the they room. around march As the general fun atmosphere, add to To the mission, will the filing be work in introspot, pass they a given might besigns might the placed around hall, such beas:—"Anyone seeing double, hearing duced to the group. During this time the of all the records of the mission Saints

double, or talking double does so at her judges will choose the prize costumes. Prizes in the Utah library.

own risk.""Anyone not having double should not be expensive.

fine."refun is subject to double "Any States in events the HPhe v Eastern is Refreshments: living to personssemblance or dead are the keeping with Mission pace

girl is finished, etc. coincidental,"purely grand each march As the

interest in greater generally genealogy is might slip of be given a paper which on

Costuming: written half of a nursery rhyme. She must evident. Twentyfive years ago, geneIf additional girls of BeeHive age are find her new "double"by locating the girl alogy was to the outsider a fad, a

not available to invite to the party, have with the other half of the rhyme. They hobby to be indulged if one had time

the girls pair off within their classes and must present the complete rhyme at the reand ample means. There was only a

costume to represent "doubles"with which freshment table before they can be served. handful of professional genealogists.

If refreshments require are which a plate familiar. they are are following sugThe as persons 748 recorded are Today,

plate served, could to one served be each gestive: Little Blue; Girls and Black Two ago, Twentyfive years set of "doubles."reprofessionals. following are Thein Blue; Twins; Gold Dust BoPeep and The larger public the of only about a dozen freshment suggestions: decker Double a Sheep; the Riding and Wolf; Red Hood

libraries throughout country the made twolayer icecream, doubleCinderella the Prince; and sandwiches, Sprat and Jack

His Wife; Hansel and Gretel. decker cones, punch and wafers, or twoan effort to serve the people seeking

layer cake. genealogy, simply because there were

Entertainment: no general reference sources on the

Appoint someone in advance to be resubject. Today, 717 public and instisponsible for games and entertainment. "StwsialDqkaL tutional libraries are serving their

Games should be started as soon as the first patrons by providing at least the pringirls arrive, so that those coming later ( Concluded from page 495 cipal reference sources in genealogy.

join right into the activitiesmight with mission genheadquarters maintain extensive from Elders of them and Many disturbance. following are sugno The

indicates lady missionaries ealogical enthusiasm departments. From 1671, for gestions types the of activities during

evening for genealogical work as a proselyting when the Stebbins family genealogy 1. Each girl must do exactly what her instrument. Missionaries who can diswas issued, until 1915, a period of 144

"double"does throughout the party. The play their own records have no trouble years, there were only about 3,000

two must ask and answer questions tointeresting their investigators. "I seem printed genealogies. Since 1915, the

sit gether, together, stand and up down subject great over increased bibliography one to have to has a mind on my together, etc.laugh together, run walk and titles. deal, to listed is genealogy,"that are 14,000 seems and today There

2. songs"very "Double be would much

spirit. prevailing organizations, the profesfamily Elders be 2,344 525 Some in of great order and provide deal a would

fun. Divide the group in two, letting half write of being bitten with the "gensional and avocational genealogists, sing one song while the other half sings ealogical bug"—a way of saying they 2,992 persons registered as local record

another. The following combinations are do not merely talk about work for the researchers who are found in 1,567

very usable: dead, but actually assist Saints and cities, in 1,165 counties throughout the

a. "Keep the Home Fires Burning"and friends to seek out and prepare their United States, and 126 genealogists in

Trail.""There's a Long, Long

Levi"and b. "Solomon "A Spanish Cavrecords.Charts compiled in the mission over ing1 04 citiesthe field,in 32 foreignexclusivecountries.of the Servmany alier."

c. "Way Down Upon the Swanee River"a period of a year and a half reveal newspapers carrying genealogical secand "Humoresque"(hum the latter). some significant parallels: an increase tions and exclusive or the broadsides,

3. Getacquainted mixers which provide in the number of genealogical meetings etc., there are in the form of periodicals

opportunity for all "doubles"to become acheld has been accompanied by a comalone some sixty genealogical publiquainted with all other "doubles"will serve parable increase in the number of famcations. (Statistics quoted from The

icebreakers. as good ily kept. records being 1938, Genealogy, In July, American Handbook of

4. lines requiring will Relays "double"there family records were 39 1937, edited kept and A. Virkus.) by F. the largest part of the doubt form games.no

Girls will enjoy racing opposite their own 80 meetings held as compared with 232 The Eastern States Mission is doing "doubles."Make sure that a good variety family records and 315 genealogical much toward making genealogical enof relays is used, so that they will not meetings by December of 1939. The deavor fill its high calling among

become monotonous. The "threelegged"'number of genealogical workers rose Latterday Saints.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

SUMMER CHURCH MUSICThe Church Moves On INSTITUTE UNDER WAY ( Concluded from page 484 Cummer institutes sponsored by the

Thus reads a printed circular on the General Church Music Committee gives which Valley HomecomingCache are choristers for and organists Church "L.D.S.further "the that it will assurance be in fourteen being conducted currently

most wonderful and pleasurable event stakes throughout Utah, Wyoming, and ever held in this valley,"for former resiIdaho. Second year work is being ofdents of Cache Valley, many of them fered along with instruction to beginTraining

pioneers to the region, who are being ners. Continuance of the training,

publicly invited to a grand homecoming which has already been given to nearly Lucile Wilchencelebration. Housing committees, it is seven thousand Church musicians, is Pays!"

said, will provide accommodations for made necessary by the annual turnover those not cared for by relatives or among ward and stake choristers and friends, and copies of the local papers organists.

containing program details have been Teaching in the summer institutes are sent known former residents. The Alfred M. Durham, Wade N. Stephens, Not many months

central committee for the celebration and George H. Durham. The work is ago the young peourges wide announcement of the event being carried on in the following stakes ple pictured here

to reach onetime Cache Valley people Bear Lake, Montpelier, Bannock, Idawhose names and addresses are not ho, Star Valley, Summit, Wasatch, were untrained for known. Juab, Millard, Garfield, Panguitch, Virginia Ewing any particular kind

of work.UTAH CLUB OF SOUTHERN Sevier, South Sevier, and Gunnison.

CALIFORNIA HOLDS EXHIBIT SOCIETY MARKS Now they are emOF UTAH ARTISTS HISTORIC TREES ployed in business of 1940, 24, the Club Utah June oldestQn Valley's Salt Lake of HHwo offices, they whereex- California held Southern an * at in 1848 planted trees, locusts perform variety of ahibit at Ebell Wilshire the Club Neff, were Samuel Mill Creek by in East disartists great awhich Utah many highly specialized landmarks pioneer as 4 dedicated July statuary. their picturesplayed and Pioneers. of Utah Daughters the by services. participating those Will wereAmong identify properly plaques now Copper Ken Earl DalCulmer,Clawson, Cyrus H. Wells seeds from trees, grew which the --

lin, F. FairEverett, A. Joseph Avard the of plains one the across by brought

banks, Fairbanks, J. Leo

All the facilities JohnJohn Hafen,J. B. Fairbanks,J. T. Harwood, Held, firstfurthermorebands of markUtah pioneers.the site ofTheonetreesof

Caroline Parry and Lee Greene Richthe first Salt Lake Valley flour mills. for the expert trainards, in addition to many others. ing they had await

(Margaret Margaret Tout Romaine

Browning) came from City IDAHO FALLS SEES you here—and in New Yorkto be soloist at the dinner held by the SACRED PAGEANT all probability the

Club. Bird also appeared Thorne Cora conof the recognition underway Tn opportunities same

* theon program. Falls Temple, of the Idaho struction

Kathryn Peterson will for employment founded Utah The Club was Karl pageant sacred by Wood, several a J.

years ago by Mrs. Edward L. Jenkins "The Temple of EEDA-HOW,"was be available during

and Mrs. Glen H. McEwan. presented before thousands of spectathe coming months.

tors the week of June 20 to 28 in the

June 23, 1940. Idaho Falls Civic Auditorium. Staged $

The Richmond Ward chapel, Oakby the Idaho Pageant Society with the civic and of Church cooperation Stake,land Alwas dedicated by Elder Will you be ready the imdepicted pageant the groups,bert the of the Council of E. Bowen your day inwhen Scenes work. of temple portanceTwelve.

hispioneer to early reference comes? Stanford of cluded Pioneer Smith, Joseph River of the Snake Idaho and tory lola RackeloPrice, the of Utah, county one San Juan Valley.colonists historic the journey Register for the made who

inthrough Holein-theRock Fall Term August 1880, and FRANK W. ASPER PLAYSoriginal Colorado, settler of Mancos,

or September 3.and of points in New Mexico and IdaAT BACH FESTIVAL 26

ho, celebrated his ninetieth birthday. C elected as one of a distinguished

June 25, 1940. * company of vocal and instrumental

Don Carlos Clayton, 82, Panguitch, soloists to perform at Carmel's sixth

Utah, and Arizona pioneer, stonecutter annual Bach Festival, July 15 to 21, Information gladfor the Salt Lake Temple, and son of was Frank W. Asper, Tabernacle orly furnished on reWilliam Clayton, author of "Come, ganist. Dr. Asper presented the only Reed Pope quest.

during the recitals heard two organCome Ye Saints,"died.

for the outstanding Conductor week.

July 2, 1940. musical event was Gastone Usigli.

Marilla Tracy, of Mrs. Fanny LET Salt CONTRACT FOR L D. S. Business Illinois, City, born in Nauvoo,Lake IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE ninetyher 2, 1844, observedon July

sixth birthday anniversary. An active /Construction of the Idaho Falls College

she has 119 worker,Relief Society begin immediately Temple will with Salt Lake City, Utah greatgrandchildren,grandchildren, 97 the contract having been awarded Birdand 45 greatgreat-grandchildren living. (Concluded on page 500)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

THE CHURCH MOVES ON {Concluded from page 499) PORTNEUF STAKE GETS and Albert E. Bowen of the Council

well Finlayson, Pocatello, Idaho, conNEW PRESIDENCY of the Twelve.

tractor and bishop of the Pocatello First TLJead of the Portneuf Stake at DowWard. A ney, Idaho, since its organization TEMPLE SQUARE WALLS TO

The contract was awarded on a low twentyfive years ago, President GET COAT OF PAINT—coveringbid of $422,852the buildingfor the generalproper,contractthe anwithGeorgea heartyT. Hydevotewasofreleasedthanks Julyfor his14 "D epaintingfoothigh andwallrepairaroundof the Templetwelvenex, walls and retaining walls, reflectquarter century of service, and Leo Square is going on as part of the Church

ing pool, and the gate keeper's and Hansen named to lead the stake in his beautification program. The wall is

bureau of information buildings. Estiplace. Counselors Royal Hale and being painted gray with a special minmated total cost of building the temple, Orval Hendricks were succeeded by eral paint. Trimmings are in rose color.

including all subcontracts, landscaping Elmer Hartwigson and LeRoy Olsen. Both sides of the wall are being reof the grounds and complete furnishing Officiating at the reorganization at painted, and repair work done wherever

of the completed building, is $548,258. Downey were Elders John A. Widtsoe necessary.

A SPRIG OF SAGE

( Continued from page 475 like a pricked balloon, and hardly "Oh, heavens! Don't tell me I'm

Findley, who paled every time a able to keep the tears back. Staff was wearing my heart in my eyes,"said

yearling bolted, was useless. counting the cattle. He called out Lyn lightly, but she was taken aback.

"If I meet Kent!"The thought belatedly, "Thank you, Lyn. Ap- "So! That's why all the grandsustained and exhilarated her. She preciated your help. Say, Lyn, standing,"said Isabel nastily. "Well,

began thinking up clever things to we're out thirty head. If you see darling, that was before I singled

say to him, things that would "slay"them along the way take them back him out for my special attentions.

him. She had seen it done any numwith you."You'd better count your losses. Have

ber of times, by less clever girls "We couldn't be!"a cigarette?"

the "That's count. I'll have to herself. than all. after did smoke, She Maybe trip."another "Well, take my pulse, if it isn't make those other things true. were She

Uncle Sam,"or "The bright boy, Incredible! Staff was just making looked at Isabel coolly.

feel of her feelings. to use salve her himself."darling!""Kent, Maybe thanks,""No, she said. "This

it just for well to was as her Maybe that casual in that anymeant way feeble thing for brain that does my back. that go she thought of that "darling."thing but Something Now still is toone of jump the ahead

it, tired. she trick, was muscles Her were turn highpressure the would bacco ads."

a "date"out of him. stiff and sore after the noon rest, her

Lyn sniffed the beloved and tanblouse wilted. Kent could wait. "Ouch!"said Isabel. "My mistalizing odor of sage in the canyon A car flashed around the turn, totake. Thought you'd been out of this

mouth. Her love for it had become ward her, and came to a sudden stop. narrowminded town."

well known among her friends. One Isabel Hamilton, alone and at the "It isn't narrowminded. The

of them, whose name was still a myswheel, rubbed her hand across her people are wholesome and good and tery, had sent her occasional eneyes in mock disbelief. wise. I love every one of them, and

velopes filled with pungent sage "As I live, if it isn't Chip of the you would, too, if you'd let yourtwigs, uncannily striking, with its Flying U. No fooling, Lyn, you self."

arrival, the worst stages of her homelook like a cross between a Campfire "Not me. I've been home only

sickness. Girl and Custer's last stand."two weeks and I'm fed up with these

Finally, by noon, they were in the "Oh, the idle generation! What old fossils. There's nobody intercanyon, where the grub wagon was have you done with the footman?"esting left except Kent, and I'm gowaiting for them. Lyn's eyes took in Isabel's rakish hat, ing to take him apart and see what

"Lyn, you'd better go< back now,"her slim tweed suit, and the blouse makes him tick. It's all that keeps

said Staff casually, after the noon that was crisp and fresh as her own me here."She stepped on the starter

meal, the brief rest. had been this morning. "Whatand was gone.

"Go back? But we're only half ever brings you out in the wilds? I

way."I haven't seen Kent, she thought you loathed the smell of INobody interesting left!

thought, sick with disappointment. sage."Except Kent! She would get him,

"You'll have to go back, anyway. "So I do, my love, but this is seritoo. And then what would become

There isn't enough bedding at the ous business. I'm on a still hunt for of Kent's love of trees, of cattle, of

ranch. Us men'll have to sleep toKent Iverson. Haven't seen him in outside? Lyn felt dejected to the

gether.""Well—"said Lyn helplessly. yourto bringtravels,that haveboy you?to his I'mkneesgoingor hadpoint doneof illness,somethingbut theto her.encounterHer

"Look, Staff. Let me go all the way perish in the attempt."values whirled and settled as direcand come back tonight,"she said, She ought to do it, too, looking tions do to one who has been turned

brightening. "I can stand it. Truly like that, thought Lyn. She didn't about. Mother was right. How

I can. I'm not tired."reply. cheap Isabel was!

"Maybe not, but the horse is. He "Or am I poaching on your preShe became aware of a woman

can't stand it."serve?"Isabel went on, with a shrewd calling frantically, running clumsily

Staff was right. There was nothlook at Lyn. "Seems I remember across the plowed ground of a caning to do but turn back. She mountyour having a hankering for him in yon farm. It seemed that Lyn's

ed and headed toward home, feeling the dear dead days."cattle had lured her bull and calf up

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

A SPRIG OF SAGE the little canyon that was tributary to ment. Staff had sent her a message. must be brick red and she was sticky

this. She didn't know what to do. She was to stop the cattle at the Silwith dirt and perspiration. There

Her man was gone. Would Lyn verton ranch. He had made arwas no telling how ridiculous Isabel

get them for her? Lyn would. rangements with someone there. had made her seem.

They were there, all right. All Crying would be the finishing

thirty, plus the woman's two. She /another awful hour and touch. She shook her head and

rounded them up, beating them out the ranch came in sight. Eventuheld her face impassive, but the tears

of brush that topped her head, and ally the last pair of heels clicked over rolled out of her wideopen eyes and wished fervently for the leather the corral bars and Lyn slid off splashed on her twill breeches. She

clothing Staff had mentioned. Staff Pepper into the hands of two old thought of Isabel's cool insolence,

had said to take them home. It cowmen, the ranch owners. Her her selfpossession.

would be hard driving them after feet could not feel the ground. Her "Yes, Isabel dropped the hint thatthey had tasted the sweet, new grass, knees trembled uncontrollably. told me where I might find—why,

and it was ten miles home. Ten "Staff said he'd get the cattle and Lyn!"

miles to the ranch, too. Staff could Pepper tomorrow. Now you go on He stopped the car and looked at

find some way of making a bed for and we'll take care of your horse. her in a comforting, bigbrother

her. Maybe she could catch the He asked the ranger to take you fashion, patting her eyes with his

main herd before long. This was home."handkerchief.

all young stuff, fed, rested. They Kent! The one person in all the Any man would do the same, she

could travel faster. world she did not want just now to thought, and struggled up, lifting

She began urging them forward see. In a daze she allowed herself her head, forcing composure to her

and they hurried for a time, then to be led to his car. Too stunned features, a smile to her lips.grew tired and became stubborn, for speech, she had a flash of Kent's "It's just—"she started, and

stopping behind every bush and eyes on her as she climbed in. Fate clenched her teeth against a sob.tree, so that she had literally to beat might have been kind enough to let "I know-—fatigue—strain. I

them. Pepper sensed her agitation him see her first charming and beauknow exactly how you feel, and any

and threshed back and forth tirelesstifully dressed. No doubt he had other woman I know would have had

ly, lunging at each backward calf, seen Isabel. hysteria in a big way."He tilted her

even nipping them with his teeth. "Did you see Isabel Hamilton?"face with his finger. There was

The more Lyn tried to hurry, the she heard herself say. admiration in his eyes. "The same

more the cattle lagged. They spread, "Yes,"he answered, dodging a old Lyn. The same old pride. I'm

trying to graze, or waded in the boulder. so grateful you haven't changed. Icreek pretending thirst, broke and Certainly he had seen Isabel, with was afraid you might—that's why

ran, dodging and weaving. It was her smart grooming, her scarlet nails. theiirsagebrush>> bouquets."

in I've looked worse never my continuous, unforce and mainby 1—you

fair life, Life "Yes, wasn't thought. she efforttiring that only she was able I—and you, Lyn. We beto make any headway. She must to take her fine resolve so literally. long together. Can't you see it?"

plunge into junglelike paths in the Her eyes were glazed with heat and Lyn opened her mouth to speak, matted growth of the creekside, dipfelt like glass marbles. Her face then wisely closed it.

ping and swaying to miss the branches while running headon.

Twigs caught and tore her sleeves, pulling at her hair, scratching her face. She bruised her knees against

the sharp edges of boulders. Thorns

pierced the toes of her boots.

The sun beat down hotter than it skin inch her of at noon. Everyhad the about lips her caked and wet. Dustwas Conoco

tired,lashes. being beyond She was vmM11*E-D1ALget cafto-o>* liemvg. traight YOUR

this fatigue. to stuck Shebeyond the ** a. paralyzed.saddle, she felt and numb, mJ free as BWlfffigores 1 OUwba"fors'-ywu liquid true of as G were if madeHer bones ufegot here N

fire, and her hands were sore and ahoutbleeding where little chunks had * U Con youffree 0-** been nicked by the saddle horn.

She couldn't change her position because the riding was so rough, but she was consumed with one idea: to

get the cattle to the ranch; to catch

the herd.

She hit on a plan. She sent word

ahead by the next car that came along, for Staff to wait for her. It

was nearing four o'clock by the sun Ewhen a downcoming car stopped. ASOt

Four men gaped at her in astonish501

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

THE PRIDE OF THE PIONEERS (Concluded from page 458) our pioneer Church authorities, who tue, holy and righteous principles. It will

in the our in circulate and our wards same isattractive, there abundance an and that be made had suggested homes habitations. shrubs. flowers, trees, vines,of and they beautiful matter humble no how

after year; live will year people Many Instilled to desire the with own in be, pioneers succeeded might our will and reap mow, sow, they and plow

and to beautify a wellkept place, making their homes attractive and without a tree, without a fence about their coupled with the appreciation for good to look upon. premises; they will live in mud hovels;

beautiful homes, many of our early whereas, with a little labor, an hour or setting in a few trees, out in a day twopioneers under achieved success ad- "pROM it the beautifies small, labor so ever the be their loveverse conditions. It was is the bestowed. labor place L H. aWells,sermonAprildelivered14, by1861,Danielwe which on

for beauty, shown by making atquote, in part, as follows: When you look at a place, a house, a

tractive grounds, planting flower homestead, it seems to indicate the character gardens, trees, and shrubs, that It is elevating to the mind to make and of the person that dwells there. Although

changed the wilderness into a garhavetrees, aroundflowers,usandand shrubs;our habitationsand it setsshadea oursmall,improvementsyet every littlemay doesseem soto muchbe verytoden. good example before our young, and it wards making up the sum of human happiUnder the inspired leadership of is calculated to instill into their bosoms virness. It is our duty to improve in all those

things that will make home pleasant and desirable.

desire great revive this started to beautiful comand homes YOU will enjoy our 7 STAR SERVICE Right now there is a movement for more munity grounds. There is being

awakened today an appreciation of,the value of better surroundings.

If this is done, both individuals and the communities will be benefited thereby.

Abraham Lincoln is credited with saying: "I like to see a man proud

of the place wherein he lives, so that his place will be proud of him."

A simple unpretentious development to harmonize the home grounds with their surroundings will bring joy to the owner. A beautiful home

environment is one of the greatest inspirations we can have for the development of the finer and better emotions of life.

The pioneers, with their pride, progress, and enthusiasm did a wonDrive in at any of our stations and get this derful work. We, with so many

more advantages, should build beauservice which makes motoring a pleasure tiful communities. This can only

be done by each home and all com- y( Windshield Cleaned y Headlights Cleaned munitytiful. grounds being made beauGasoline Supplied 7 Radiator Checked

Rear Window & Rear y Motor Oil Checked Fifteen Miles from the

Lights Cleaned Mexican Desert yX Tire & Battery Service to Greenland (Continued from page 469) MOTORICOOIL whichture's mostpresentsinterestingto viewandonedelightof naful regions: an ArcticAlpine meadow. Climatic conditions here rerPEP89jGASOLINE semble those of far northern Alaska, Greenland, Labrador, and the

islands of the Arctic seas, but the 88Vico in at the Pep travel unique to moDrive aids FREE New. is close sign for elevation service. better finest products and torists station. at any Pep 88Vico feet above sea level—henceto nine thousandthe

STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO combined term ArcticAlpine. The

air is delightfully cool; small spring502

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

FIFTEEN MILES FROM THE MEXICAN DESERT TO GREENLAND

fed streams of sparkling water are panorama of Hudson forest and stand on guard apparently to reall about, their quiet, almost icecold ArcticAlpine meadows; above are mind the visitor that above and bepools an invitation to the thirsty. It bleak, barren Arctic summits, stormyond them life is difficult and unis 1 1:00 a. m. of a typical midsum- worn and forbidding, yet magnificertain, for there rises a region remer day, yet in the full sun the temcent with their patches of snow and sembling the vast wastes of the far

perature is only sixtysix degrees. In spirelike peaks; nearby are a few north and known biologically as the

shady places shining drops of dew rugged, windwhipped trees growArctic life zone.

almost bear down the grass and ing in cracks of apparently solid Here may well end the journey flowers. And—most pleasant of surrock. Hardy indeed must be these which began in the Sonoran Desertprises—hidden in the low growth sturdy patriarchs from their cenof Old Mexico, passed through five

of dewy vegetation, like maraschino turies of battle against the elements distinct life zones, until it reached cherries in an iced dessert, are ripe in the eternal struggle for existence the Arctic wastes of Labrador or strawberries in abundance! No culto which all forms of life are subGreenland—all in a delightful fiftivated gardengrown strawberries ject; majestic do they appear as they teenmile drive!

could have half the delicious flavor or be half so refreshing as these naturegrown delicacies in this

Eden.

Nothing could be more inviting than this meadow of strawberries growing in the protective shade of lupine with their tall pastelshaded spikes of bloom, or exquisite pink or white geraniums, or lavendercolored mountain daisies as large as a halfdollar. Everywhere are flowers in such numbers

and variety as may be found only in an ArcticAlpine meadow.

Around the edges, next to the majestically tall trees of the Hudson forest, is a "border planting"of wild honeysuckle in three varieties, elderberries, mountain ash, wild roses, spirea,native not. Inand what

notdeed, "Earth hath anything to When Caterpillar Diesel Road show more fair."Surely a master

landscape artist has been at work here. Machinery Goes to Work on

Another two miles up the main canyon road is Brighton. From here

trail the nearbythe one of up mounFederal, State, County or City Roads? to leadstain wonders slopes new

open only to the vigorous mountain climber. The path leads

through diminishing growths of THE TAXPAYER Wins—His tax dollar is being

trees and shrubbery, but it is still bordered with flowers of every more efficiently employed.

hue; conspicuously beautiful among

them are two species of columbine,white and yellow, of enormous size THE OFFICIAL Wins—His good judgment is re-

—as fine as the pictures in seed catflected in every mile of smooth, lowcost road.

talogs!

Soon the country gets more rocky, the trail steeper, and the vegetation THE PEOPLE Win—Commerce, travel and

strenuuntil, after a reallyscantier to tempers are better. the heart causes climb whichous

beat faster and the nostrils to dilate with inhaling great breaths of the suddenly thererarefied atmosphere, of one TRACTOR and surface the shiningappearsof the many mountain lakes which EQUIPMENT CO.constitute the headwaters of the SALT LAKE CITYnumerous stream tributaries of the LANDESDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery

region. The lake is situated virtually at the timber line; below is a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

PORTABLE SACK HOLDER THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH

HOPPER FULL HOLDS {Concluded from page 467) world to the other which taught the 100 POUNDS NUT COAL The Old Testament contains very doctrine of a final judgment. 28 The For Prices Write Details and

little relative later Jewish2065W. Wash.W. Blvd.THORNBURGHOgden, Utah the to a finalwritings—datingjudgment, but nessuniversalityto its oftruthfulness.the concept bearsGod witre-

vealed the doctrine to his holy prophHANDLESc/o RedANYDevilSIZECoalUP Co.TO AND near the advent of Jesus—picture INCLUDING STOVE such an occasion for each individual. ets from the time of Adam to that

A similar doctrine is taught in abunof Joseph Smith. He gave to all

dance in the New Testament, and it peoples and nations the amount of one of the paramount truth that teachreligious they THE ADVERTISERS became were30 capaChristianity. ings of receive. Six hundred to ble and willing Thus

and Where You Will Find years following the death of the Man mankind knows that he is to be held

Their Messages of Galilee, Mohammed taught Islam accountable at the great Judgment the doctrine of "the weighing in a Day for the life he lived and the

Alexandria Hotel....511 balance of each man's evil and good thoughts that were his. This knowlPresident American Steamship deeds."Dr. thinks that the Moore edge from came "Common MoLines

that obtained doctrine of Religious 454 hammed Source from Beneficial Life Insurance 28 Co—

Christianity. Christ, the the ofTruth"—Jesusthe heavens Lord Cover Back

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated Examples could be multiplied aland the earth.

Milk....488 most indefinitely of various imporUniversity.,482, Brigham Young 483 Atkins, 1-575. 2BGaius Procession G. tant religions the Gods, of from one end of the Church's.511 Juice Grape

of 3Book 17:3426:37; Mormon, 39:8; Alma 1 Nephi Continental 501 Oil & 2SMoore, op. cit.. 64, Refining Co 387, 475. 40; 28:2630; 29:1-14. 2 Nephi

Deseret News Press 510 Globe Grain & Milling Co 487 Hotel Lankershim....486

Press Hovey 455 MEXICAN AND MAYAN CODICES Station.. Radio KSL

Inside Back Cover ( Continued from page 465 teeth, a stiff feather collar, bells or

Kerr Glass quality of 486 Co of destroyer—a goddess rattles his feet on hands, and and S. L. Business D. College 499 floods cloudbursts. in and page The his spots indicating on putrebody Landes Tractor Co...503 & Equipment entirety depicts calamity deand faction Levi his flesh. Strauss of 453 its exCo always He

Mountain Fuel Supply Co 508 struction of the world. The body presses the idea of death and is assoStates Mountain the of Implement Co...505 serpent water stretches across ciated sacrifice, suicide with "human of School Ogden Culture..511 Beauty the sky issues from its and mouth hanging, childbirth, in by death and Par Soap 486 water. hieroglyphs across his The of Quish the School captive."Culture..452 beheaded Beauty

Red Comet Fire Ext. Co—455 body represent sun, moon, and stars, The second figure is God H, or the

Royal Baking Co. 488 and from torrents them gush of is Chichaan god. in associated He Stores, Inc Safeway also water; the Old Goddess Water with the some serpent. way The Inside Front Cover herself the out pours bowl of apSaltair third figure Corporation Beach 452 is a variation of the god

Standard Brands, Inc 506 parently destructive water. That of death.

is Standard Oil of Caliis the she Company of destruction goddess left the of the lower group On we fornia 455 also implied the crossbones by on her is have faItzamna. D, or God He Thornburgh, 504 W. W. skirt. is the of Black Below God Three ther of Diamonds 511 the Crab creator Meat gods and of manLInion Pacific Stages 509 death holding spear and arrows in kind. The aged face and sunken,

University...451 of Utah his hands with a screeching vulture toothless his are distinguishmouth Engraving Utah 486 Co as a headdress. ing marks. second is probgod The Oil Refining Utah 502 Co

Utah Poultry Producers'Ass'n—.507 A Gallery of Gods lematic but the third and last is God

State Agricultural College..449 Utah or the G, Sun God, identified by the to the of twelve page Washburn Condon 504 & sign day holds he as in his hands Star White Turning 453 Tuna identify can Codex, Dresden we well his as headdress. by additional gods. to the god The

left in the upper third is God E, the The Aztecs

Maize God, otherwise known as arrived to bein Yucatan lord Kaax, the harvest. of This ("ortez Yum

lingering "hold the the the glory of as god occurs of husbandry god and he is recognized by his peculiar once mighty Maya, for dissension, headdress and the corn plant he jealousy, tribal and family feuds had holds in his hands. Notice also his reduced them to a few distrustful

flattened forehead—a practice of the cities in northern Yucatan. Across

PRODUCERS Mayas. the Bay of Campeche, in the Valley

SALES AGENTS The god to his right is God K, or of Mexico, new blood from the north the God with the Ornamented Nose. was engendering the dynamic Aztec

We distinguish him by his proboscisEmpire, extending its might of arms shaped nose and the peculiarly well beyond the borders of presentshaped vessel he carries in his hands. day Mexico. Powerful warriors

UNION STOCK YARDS The left figure of the middle group and shrewd rulers were founding an

Los Anqeles Stockton is God A, the god of death or Ahempire which well merits to be styled characteristics of puch. His World."are a "The Rome the New

fleshless spine, are codices skull, fleshless Aztec So. San Francisco bony more nuThe

lower jaw, truncated nose, grinning merous, and because of their greater

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

number there is greater variety of content. As is the case with Mayan

writings, many of the Aztec manuscripts deal with mythology and religion, for religion played an equally important role among the Aztecs. I

quote from Mexico's leading archeologist, Dr. Alfonso Caso, on the

religion of the Aztecs:

At the time of the Spanish Conquest the

Aztecs had a polytheistic religion, based on the worship of a number of personal gods, most of which had clearly defined traits. Nevertheless, magic and the idea of

certain hidden and impersonal forces held an important place in the minds of the people. There was, too, among the common

people, a tendency to exaggerate polytheism by worshipping many manifestations of the same god, instead of the single deity.

The priest knew, though, that they were only manifestations or titles of the same god, just as at present the images of some saints are different and even antagonistic in spite of the explanation given by Catholic priests that the saintly images only represent different aspects of the same saint.3 TO CUT THE COST The Vatican B Codex HOW

The Vatican B Codex, interpreted of Lifting Sugar Beets by Eduard Seler, is a typical preHere's a tractor sugar beet lifting outfit that is made to order for the commercial grower who wants

Hispanic codex which records some to cut his lifting costs. It is fast, easy to operate and economical on fuel. The tractor is the famous

of the Aztec gods, their characterOliver Row Crop "70"—the six cylinder, low priced sensation among twoplow tractors. The lifter

istics and powers. Beginning at the is a strong, carefully designed, tworow machine that mounts between the front and rear tractor

his operator easily the wheels see where can work every foot of the way. left Xolotl,upper the of have god we

lifter of Oliver raises the beet The a ball andtwins. head, conehas a dog's a He It dirt straight loose the row. the up in leaves

shaped hat, and a feather ornament beet in a crown of loose dirt where it will stay on his back. He is the god of ballsweetthroughforyourdaysfield.whileInsteadthe toppersof lifting area fewworkingrows

playing, of twins, and monstrosities. and then having to go back into your fields when

toppers up, right catch step can you through star, the is related to the morningHe field entire lifter the with Oliver your your and isfor the star morning also a twin, beets sugar dry won't sour while out and waiting appearing as morning star and evefor the topping gang.

ning star. This lifter will handle light or heavy crops easily, OLIVER POTATO DIGGER

quickly cutting or without bruising beets. and your is that will digger handle a Want Xolotl potatoes the god, your Facing moon It is to for not say owners they uncommon can gently? built get in Oliver Then an one andTecciztecatl, the recognizable by lift in -with less high bruise beets gear an and

sizes. tworow running. Smooth wearing Long

outfit lifter. Olivershell other than with the headdress. ornament Driving any on points digger extra and digger long wearing

is lifter tractor the just with mounted as as easy East. the rule godsThese two chain. for special folder. potato digger Write

driving automobile. a modern is third Tlazolteotl, figure The 28"18"for digger to are adjustable arms the The

Old Earth Goddess. The distinrows. The lifting blades have genuine Oliver

guishing feature is her nose plate. Diamond Chilled Points for extra long wear.

Facing her is Mictlantecuhtli, the See a Row Crop "70"Tractor with mounted beet the Lord of Death ( mictlan—place lifterOliveratTractorour nearestSugar branchBeet Toolsor writefolder.forAlsospecialaskof death; tecuhtli—Lord). Here he for the free folder on the Oliver Row Crop "70"

is figured as a corpse with a fleshless the big value in the twoplow power class—and its

jaw. This couple rule the North, complete line of field tested mounted tools. No

DRILLS OLIVER SUPERIORfor to the the Mexicans North was obligation.

crop right with start your seed and placethe or darkness of death Drill. Superior Superior ONE—ROW BEET LIFTER Savean Oliveryour famous The

( Mictlampa. Oliver also builds a strong singlerow horse double run force feed gives you unrivalled

The fifth god is Xochipilli, god of drawn lifter. It has easysteering guide wheels planting accuracy. The runningin-oil variable

lifting different steel heattreated adjustable transmission gives sowand arms. speed you 60 pilli—flowers {Xochitl—flower; tips. built Sturdily finger ing rates Oliver Chilled blades at your genuine have Diamondprince). He is identifiable by his PointsThe for steel for extra folder. hopper. Bushelto-thefoot free Write long wear. running easy

nose plug and headdress. Facing

him is his companion, the flowergoddess, Xochiquetzal {Xochitl—flower; quetzalli—feather). ToMOUNTAIN STATES

gethercacan—literally,they rule the"whereWest,theXochitUflowersare. IMPLEMENT CO.

The fourth group is formed by a OGDEN, UTAH dancing pair and represents UeueBranches: Utah Branches: Idaho

{Concluded on page 506) Murray Preston Rexburg

Ogden Blackfoot Rupert "Alfonso Caso, The Religion of the Az Logan Shelley Twin Falls tecs. Tremonton Idaho Falls Buhl

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

MEXICAN AND MAYAN CODICES (Concluded from page 505) flowers and by "One who has taken the nurse. If it be a boy, the sword

a captive."and shield (tokens of war which arecoyotl, the Old Coyote ( Ueue—old; shown above the straw mat ) arecoyotl—coyote), ruler of the South. The Mendoza Codex buried where he is most likely to

are in temples, the seated Below, girl, it If a a the enemy. be (so meet named Codex Mendoza The left right they to gods.four From spindle, (as shown mat it broom, and ordered after the man who god, flower Xochipilli, theare: in are buried the mat) straw below ) to us is valuable especially painted Tlaltecuhtli theruler of is likely to the she house where it conafter the made because was the tecuhtli—Lord)South; {tlalli—earth; the and are mother work. Below were Indians native quest who by lower ruler the ofEarth and God child, If child. as father the the of their of meaning the to able record aniis as an seenregion. he Here is is in center, a he the boy shown acquired in the newly paintings follows form. Theremalheaded priest or either to warthe presented qualified In a language. Spanish the ruler ofXochipilli God, as Sun rior, right, with to indicated the as it "Rosetta of sort a as served sense finally, the Zaporegion; andupper is of that the he understanding when of students early the for Stone"jaws, snake's the withtecan god order. will join that he age codices.

East.ruler the of three observe this In codex we Tlotzin with nuhieroglyphs smaller Map The The interpretacodex of fundamentals each coefficients belowmerical historical Tlotzin an HPhe is Map is distinguished First, tion: man Aztec the representseries of gods genealogical which haircodex and his posture and by from woman signs.day conquest. the before painted her was kneels and dress. woman The

that observed, however, be should like The It a "Y."hairdress is shaped The Borgian Codex

the written the figures notes below pulled up under knees has his man '"Phe Borgian Codex contains an his chin and his hairdress differs. in the Aztec language were added

example of the religious calendar Second, the question - mark - like after the conquest when the Indiansknown as the Tonalamatl ( tonalli—hieroglyph issuing from a person's were able to record their language

sun or day; amatl—paper or book ) mouth signifies that he is talking or with Spanish letters. The codex

book of days. This Tonalamatl that he is a ruler (he who has the records the wanderings of the savage

consisting of 260 days was used by authority to speak). Third, footChichimeca tribes in the region north

the priests to prognosticate the future prints indicate travel, the direction of the Valley of Mexico just prior of the newborn child as well as for of travel being indicated by the dito their arrival in the valley. Arsetting the dates of the religious rection of the footprints. riving at the shores of the inland

feasts. The five horizontal rows in The story recorded on the illuslakes they assimilated much of the

the center give the days of the Aztec trated page is: A mother gives birth more advanced Toltec culture to becalendar. The days of the upper row to a child. On the fourth day the come what was later known as the

are: flower, rain, flint, earthquake, nurse takes the child to where there Aztec nation. Their leader was the

vulture, and eagle. The figures at is a tub of water on a mat of reeds. famous captain, Xolotl. The page

the top and bottom give the gods or After she washes the baby, the three shows their clothing, arms, manner forces which rule the days of their boys, who are eating a paste made of sustenance, as well as the fauna corresponding vertical column. Thus, from corn and beans, pronounce and flora. Notice that the couple in

the days of the sixth column from aloud the name of the child in acthe upper left hand corner lived in a the left are ruled by the god of cord with the wishes and choice of bat cave Tzinacanoztoc (tzinacan—bat; oztotl—cave.) The bat can

be clearly seen forming the roof of the cave.

The hieroglyph joined to the nape ASK YOUR GROCER FOR of the neck gives the name of the person. One need only pronounce

FLEISCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST"the Aztec word for the object pictured to give the name of the indiHelps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes vidual. This page is also geneevery day. alogical. By comparison with other

codices covering the same historical

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS period we know that three generations are here represented.

strawberry, cherry, orange, delicious Seven cross section flavors—lemon, viewed a E HAVE

Gelatin for lime. Royal Salad pineapple, raspberry, And use Central of the codices of Amerdishes. course salads, appetizers and main W

ica The Mayan codices are only uninterpretthe partially interpreted; ""ROYAL PUDDINGS numercodices are more ed Mexican

Made with wholesome arrowroot. Three flavors—Chocolate, ous. Their interpretation alone will

Vanilla and Butterscotch. Also make delicious homemade ice not suffice to solve the enigmas of

cream. Central America, but, working hand

ROYAL BAKING POWDER anthropology,in hand with archeology,ethnology, andphysicallinguistics the interpreter of codices baking powder made with cream only nationallydistributed The can contribute his measure to a more of tartar. Dependable and economical.

basic knowledge and understanding of Ancient America.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

TURNING TIDE

{ Continued from page 463 but the truth about her condition. Kathleen came up in a rush with

Mary Reynolds looked at the car "Yes,"said Dr. Gann. "We'll her packages. And then Henry

full of clean and lovely children see."And he began asking her came, his face white.

about her, and at Henry's brown questions. He examined her, and "The crickets!"he said. "They've

profile beside her and put a hand then had his assistant take an X-ray. turned! I just saw Bill Hall. They're

to her throat. "I'll know for sure when I see the coming straight for us! I'm going

X-ray,"said Dr. Gann. "But I am to the county agent's office to see if

almost certain that you have a tumor. I can get some of that bait to

J. his clothes business It will have to be removed; but the spread."He left, half running.

wasn't going to be easy, Kathleen operation is not especially serious."Mary and Kathleen waited in

knew. Mama sewed beautifully; Mary looked at him searchingly. silence, stunned. Even Dean and

she was fussy about raw seams and "It's not a cancer?"Doris ceased their chatter.

smooth plackets. But everything "No,"said Dr. Gann. "I'm alRichard returned to the car, and

she made turned out to have a homemost certain of that. Of course Mary asked gently, "Did you get

made look. Kathleen thought she there's always a chance that it is. what you wanted, son?"

the matter.knew what was Mama If so. don't But I think can said you went "No,"Richard. "I—Icut everything too big. Kathleen I in after come tomorrow seen have office, to the Scout Commissioner's

had a vision of herself, smart and the X-ray we can make the arrangebut it was locked; there was a note

chic, in clothes that were tailored to ments. It should be taken care of on the door. It didn't matter anyfit perfectly. She wanted to be a right away,"way, I guess."

real college girl, gay and laughing, "Yes,"said Mary. "About the "Richard,"said Kathleen, "theand having dates. There wouldn't money—crickets have turned. They're combe many clothes—there couldn't be, "The hospital should be paid at ing straight for our place."

for she was buying them with the once, but some other arrangements "Oh,"said Richard, and then money she had managed to save might be made. Don't worry about again, "Oh!"as he more fully unfrom odd jobs during the summer. my bill."derstood. No college for Kathleen!

It was enough to ask Daddy to pay No crops! No garden even! Daddy

for registration and books, and had bills to pay; maybe they'd even

roomrent. She would batch and It had taken two hours at have to move! Maybe they'd have

take vegetables and butter and fruit the doctor's office. When Mary reto move to town and be on relief.

from home. But a girl wants clothes turned to the car Dean was fidgeting No more fishing in the reservoir, or

that look nice! impatiently. baking spuds in the ashes of a campfigured Kathleen her had money fire in the canyon. helping more like "I No to don't kidtender a becarefully. only she could The way fields, in the trying to or do Daddy "First stated, Doris anyway!"heget material dresses in her good was cultivating the just raking the or drink, then a wantRose wanted andto oh, them. did she so make And right, in so would Daddy drink, a they then ed wanted

to look notwant them homemade! like while, a to he used say—oncedo—"That's candy, you're and andthen—Mama, Reynolds sent Kathleen Mary fine!"the suddenly was Home crying!"

alone.shopping dearest place on earth to Richard. I'm not,"laughed Mary "No-—no, planned "You've so long, you said. "Oh!"he eyes, a little her and wiped and put just what anyway,"know you want,

she said. "I have other things to do her face in baby Rose's hair. {Continued on page 508)

in town."Kathleen consulted her

list and bought basic things first.

Aghast, she found her money almost half gone. She had a good coat,

though, left from last year. Consulting the pattern counter she found

a jumper skirt pattern, with a bolero jacket. She added patterns for a

trim, tailored dress, and a more feminine one showing lingerie collar and cuffs. There was a pattern for a

sleek evening gown, with little puffed sleeves and a long, slightly flared skirt; Kathleen hesitated, and then

brought it, too. Then she carefully

selected the material for her clothes.

She left the store with her arms and her heart quite full, and her purse Eggs are ideal as a hot weatherquite empty.

energy food—and they're good, too!

"There's a lump in my left breast,"told Dr. Reynolds Gann. "It'sMary of the Utah Poultry Producers'Coop. Assn. It's A Product three there months. aboutbeen

getting bigger."Her steady eyes "Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools

defied the doctor to tell her anything a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

TURNING TIDE

{Continued from page 507) ning illuminated the stackyard and

Henry ran to the car and started then left it darker than ever. Hour

hearthard, worked; they after hour

it quickly. backed a jerk he With

it of was, but not one work the the parking place car out of and breaking bolted down the road for home. the family complained. Together

"County agent was out of bait,"they tried to erect a barrier to save flimsy barrier indeed, Henry told his family. And added, their home—a

because he still had a frantic hope, a tiny line of straw, scarcely a foot "Only a miracle can save us now."deep. They hauled a load of dry

willows that had been cut and stackm0 ed in the spring, but they reached

In spite of their haste, it only a few rods along the threewas almost dark before the Reynolds eighths mile front. Order Now—Pay Later family reached home. Henry held "Let's use the woodpile,"Richard

the accelerator to the floorboard and said. They hauled the pile of split

and be ready for stared grimly at the road. Wheels stovelengths of aspen wood—their were too slow! When a man's fuel supply—and spread it along the

Winter Cnmfnrl hometo it, tois standthreatened,on his helandwantsand battleto fly rowHenryof straw.looked atWhenhis watch.that wasIt donewas

for it with all the strength of his three o'clock in the morning.

hands and his head. Henry had a "We'd better light it; at the rate

mad plan; it might work! it might those crickets travel they'll be here

not; if it did not, at least he would pretty quick,"said Henry. He sent

have fought and lost nobly. Dean to the house for a carton of

"We'll haul straw and brush,"matches and gave each of his family

Henry said to his family, like a gen- a box.

eral outlining a campaign. "We'll "We'll spread out and light a fire

pile it in a row all along the north about every rod. The row should

fence. If fire won't turn them, all be burning at once to turn them.

nothing will."You start from here, Mary; it's

Home, they hurried into the house closest to the house; Kathleen, you

and changed into their old clothes; go down to the pasture gate; RichHere's an opportunity to save money on habit is strong; best clothes are not ard to the ditch, and I'll go beyond

the for had working, Reynolds and that. I light fire the as a soonsomething you have As long wanted—to< do! work lit start, rest get of them and younew, automatic Furnace. Gas in the house,"baby "Keep Rose can. as quick as you Then—you house. ItOrder at the special summer price Mary Reynolds told Doris. "That just as well go to the

gravely. part."Doris nodded a smallmake just deposit, and pay is your might work; it might not. We can't out in ran the dusk Richard and untilnothing more."October. more do any

caught the horses before the others Gallantly, the four of them stumThen you'll be all set for winter, with were out of the house. Henry bled once more out into the darkthe only type of fully automatic heat to hitched one team to the wagon and ness with their matches. A little

the other to the manurespread- team sultriness breeze of the sprang out up heatbe had. And Gas need cost you no into< er. the stackyard drove They it rain. of the night; of smelled And than othermore method. any frantically. to load and straw began pititheir scarcely lighted they had

It was last year's straw, and matted fully small fires when the rain began down, hard to get. Henry and Mary to fall. It slithered down in sheets;

and Kathleen and Richard each had the fires sputtered and went out.

u a fork, but little Dean carried great Mary Reynolds turned and walkarmloads as fast as he could run. ed slowly through the downpour to

When the wagon was loaded the house. Her shoulders sagged;

Henry sent Mary and Kathleen to there was a dull ache in her breast.

unload it. She couldn't think; her mind was

"It won't be so hard to throw off,"numb. She could only hear. And

he said. "Pile it in a row about what she heard was Dr. Gann, sayfeet fence. the of outside ONLY four About ing, course, there's always a "Of

1007. If we'll time deep. a foot have we it is."that chance HEAT AUTOMATICTHE

HEAT haul more; it won't last long when She hesitated in the shelter of the

it's lit."shed, hating to go in.

Come in and get complete details When the wagon returned, the "A mother needs to pray,"she spreader was loaded; Henry sent whispered to herself. "A mother

it; to unload else Richard to Henand Dean needs than anyone pray, more

at the to dig stack the remained in the she world."MOUNTAIN FUEL ry knelt down And

for loose the others load. to said, straw in the and God, let shed "Dear

for it him,SUPPLY COMPANY blinded help dear ones."a stay Sweat and was me my

sultry night, darker growing and Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo

flashes Occasional of lightKathleen "Well—I'll—be—gosh—darned!"said aloud when the rain Serving 23 Utah Communities darker.

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

TURNING TIDE began to come. She tried to family—was it too much to ask? He Henry put his arm, and though it

laugh, but the sound wouldn't hadn't asked! It came to Henry too was wet, Richard suddenly felt

come. When the fires went out, she Reynolds in a flash that he hadn't warmer. One lone prayer had done

wanted to say, "Exit college!"but asked, nor given thanks, for anything all this, he thought. One lone

that wouldn't come either. Tears for a long time. He had gone around prayer by one lone boy! Lone

came instead, floods of them. Kathin a stubborn, selfsufficient circle, why, he would be a Lone Scout!

leen huddled close to a great rough asking and giving nothing. Because Why hadn't he thought of it before!

post and sobbed. his heart was so full of things he In delight he ran the remaining steps

"Fool, fool, fool,"she thought to couldn't say, Henry Reynolds to the house.

herself. "You thought you could bowed his head humbly, and said "Mama!"he cried. "It's all right!

be a smarty with swell clothes, and only, "Help me."The crickets are going west again!"

a college education. You thought In a little while the clouds lifted Mary Reynolds raised her eyes.

you could turn into a school teacher. in the east, and a gray haze replaced In them were the strength and courWell, you can take your homemade the murky darkness. age she would need to face her orduds and go find yourself a dish- "Daddy! Daddy!"cried Richard, deal. God was good; He had anwasher job somewhere. It's your running to him through the dawn. swered her plea.

turn to help a little, instead of hav- "They've turned! They're going Kathleen took a deep breath and

ing poor old Daddy worry his head west again! The crickets turned, held it for a moment. It was true!

off trying to please you."like they did before!"You could have anything you wantKathleen sobbed some more, and Henry stared unbelievingly a moed, if you asked for it, and then

then she stopped. She took a deep ment, and then went to see for worked for it as hard as you knew

breath and knelt down in the darkhimself. There went the crickets, how. She could be a teacher, of

ness beside the shaggy post and said, scrambling, gobbling, tumbling west course she could! And she could

"Father in heaven, let me help again, down the strip of government have nice dresses, too! She would

Mama and Daddy!"Then she lifted sagebrush. They were only a few take them apart and sew them up

her head and sloshed across the rods from the boundary fence of the again a hundred times, if she had to, muddy field to the house. Reynolds farm, but one day's march until they looked exactly right.

would carry them past it. Henry Reynolds stood in the

at his family. in his and looked Richard was shivering wet doorway stood Reynolds R,jchard tired, older, his that "Gosh, but and D-daddy, He looked was at clothes.out in the open field and glared

the sky. His clothes were drenched; a miracle, wasn't it?"he chattered. voice had a ring that had long been

rain spattered on his bare head, matThey turned homeward. Richard's missing.

ting his hair in a clammy cap, and teeth clicked together. Having "Let us give thanks,"he said,

then running in rivers down his face. nothing else to put around him, "together!"

He could have found shelter behind a clump of willows nearby, but he preferred to stand there in the rain defiantly, hands clenched and chin out. When the rain slackened a

little he walked to the row of straw kicked it, butand it was wet through. hevtH W&Hd&tt c'tneffls$ licked!"not he muttered "Daddy's

to the lifting darkness. "I'll help within EASY reach by SANhim!"He shut his eyes and said AIRCONDITIONED BUSl FRANCISCOunder his breath. "Dear God, helpROUND TRIP

mehelp-him. Amen."And straightTake a western vacation for

ening his thin shoulders he strode about what you'd spend staying $18.00

Sun Volley cost—Time—distanceoff down the field to find his daddy. hono! Hollywood Union going by shrink amazingly,

Pacific SuperCoach. You ride in Boulder Dam

more—yet spend Yellowstone

Grand Canyon /xt the far end of his coolless! comfort, see

land, Henry Reynolds sat down on Rocky Mountains a lava streaming the rock in rain union PflciFic stages Columbia Gorge his campaign watchedand go down to defeat. first he At was stunned.

I this Paste postal coupon on a penny baffled the old expression he MAILThen mail and to PACIFIC UNION I1 card

TOURS, Temple 77 WestSouth BUS COUPON past several during thehad worn

Salt for City, free Utah, Lake face. to his returnedyears was He to trip For Ij St.,information on a

incompetent, foredoomed to failure. Information j NAME

He thought of his precious family, I ADDRESS IE840 and their night of heartbreaking work. He thought of his own toil

a score of years of sweating and planning and saving and contriving.

He had worked hard and faithfully.

Was it too much to ask of life—

home and a decent living for his

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

SOLUTION OF JULY PUZZLE "WhereforeSCRIPTURALtake unto you theCROSSWORDwhole armour of God,PUZZLFthat ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand."—Eph. 6:13.

NO.Sfa

<sngrave

ana ACROSS [Printed 2 "that ye may... able to stand"37 Printer's measure 4 "we are weak, but ye are..."state 40 Northwestern

Beginner 10 41 "Will a man... God? "

13 "ye are of more... than many 43 "For which I... an ambassador'

sparrows"45 "But unto every one of... is

15 Wandering given grace"

ters 47 "given unto effectual the by me."l/Ueddi 1617 Jacob"your married two of his daugh46 Shout of triumph.. Master also is... heaven"his of working

18 "Put on... whole armour of 48 "against the wiles... the devil"

God"50 Priest in "Last Days of Pompeii";

service, 20 "doing the as tojinnouncementd 21 "stand to upon mount..... curse"."52 Noisesea crabin sleep(anag.)

23 Central American rubber tree 54 Masculine name; 22 down trans25 A star; bide (anag.) posed

Make your selection 2827 Small"and blossomarmadilloas the..."55 28 words)acrossmay grow on this (two

man deceive you with 57 "strengthened might with by... from our approved 29 "Letvain..words". Spirit in the inner man"

30 "... take the helmet of salvation"58 "power, and..., and dominion"

". styles. A variety of 31

32 "taking.. singleness... shieldof yourof faith"heart"Our Text from Ephesians is 2, 4, 17,

18, 20, 30, 31, 32, 47, 48, 57, and correct papers and 34 "WoeZion"to them that are at... in 58 combined

type designs, at modDOWN erate prices. 1 "if a man... it lawfully"33 "whether, be bond or free'

2 "Then Paul and... waxed bold"35 Worship

3 Epoch 36 "give seed to the..., and bread

Asherite 4 spy Num. 13: 13 to the eater"

Call or Write 5 Transpose 38 Mother 39 "let each... other better than dke 67 WealthyShaped likemanan egg themselves"

... JUeseret Hews 98 Glitter"Forand 41 Fabulous bird. blood".. wrestle not against flesh 42 "andof destruction"I will sweep it with the

..."44 "Observe the... of Abib"[Press... 1112 Explosive"pertaineth to another precipice 47 Hawaiian

... against thee"(sing > 29 Richards Street 1914 "MyFemaleGod"waterMarkspirit15: 34 4951 "raiseExclamation of contempt

Salt Lake City 2122 ThisAlley Epistle contains this Text 5352 NoteCallosity (Dial. Eng.)

24 Domestic slave 56 Another note 26 ".,. the same things unto them"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1940

Saints Latterday go to see who espictures Sabbath EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS motion on the (Concluded from page 481 Sabbath feeling. Neither can a pictablish a dangerous habit, for they

Therefore, the answer to the questure be said to carry the Sunday pit manmade temptation against the tion concerning the Sunday use of spirit which revels in divorces, murLord's command. Besides, all who

motion pictures becomes another ders, and other criminal acts, wild fail to observe the Sabbath as directquestion: Does the picture to be adventures, or the stories of people ed by the Lord miss a real and inseen on Sunday create within the obof uncertain moral lives. When all creasing joy which can be won in

server the spirit of worship? Does these situations are cancelled out, no other way, and which is a powerit conform to the spirit of the Sabvery few pictures remain to be conful help in winning true success in

bath? sidered for Sabbath use. life. Moreover, we are always

Certainly it may be said without Motion pictures complying with stronger and happier when we conhesitation that a picture based upon Sunday requirements, should they form to God's law'.

the triangle of two men in love with be found, might possibly be used as As movies are presented today, we the same married woman or two supplements to normal Sunday acshould not go to see them on Sunday.

women in love with the same martivities. Nevertheless, it is to be said And, in Latterday Saint communried man does not inspire the proper that all worship is marked by perities, to offer motion pictures on

sonal address and reception. It is Sunday, especially at the time of

the speaking out of a human heart Sunday meetings, is an injury to to another human heart, that most youth and an offense against the stirs spiritual the nature of man, and A. W. is people.—/. edifying feeling gives the which

the mark of light and truth, the spirit of God. No picture, however good,

can take the place of the living man, however humble, who bears his testimony of the truth.

The question at the head of this writing should more properly be: Are

motion pictures available which comply with the divine message concerning the Sabbath day? This...NO SUGAR

is readily question answered There such pictures, are very few they ADDED and:

are seldom available on the Sabbath DELICIOUS Church's

Juice Grape is made from day.

ve it r <; made with luscious, vineripened

PIONEERS Concord grapes. May be

By Elizabeth A. Cook diluted to taste. Try ill

appetites relish that Male hail intrepid pioneers to those lift Three Diamonds Crabmeat perils the braved of an untried flavor **A llWho gives to your warmAutumn land, weather meals. There's a tang of Behind them leaving all their doubts and

the deepsea in these tender juicy fears, leg that segments makes prepared By faith in God upheld—a noble band. dishes, cocktails salads and more

zestful, more satisfying. Plan a They clambered over mountains, forded

hostile tribes fought wild beasts and They THREE DIAhe-mantonight—withdish for your family streams, of men; MONDS CRABMEAT. cleared their the but wilderness kept They

Insist on this label at dreams your grocers'today... Of brighter, better days to come again.

They planted on a sure foundation stone

Free speech with liberty by law restrained,

And equal opportunities were shown

To all by whom those laws should be maintained. Brave pioneers! We honor them today GHURCHS

And strive to follow where they led the way! GRAPE JUICE

IN LOS ANGELES ENROLL(Commence Later ii Desired)NOW $25. Discount Complete on a rafiCTMnTHREE DIAMONDS IN COURSE CULTURE BEAUTY 5th at Spring

Accredited School A State BRAND FANCY $2.50 TariffTram i.''.

CRABMEAT *tiRecognizedA TubUtahand Showe'r.inHeadquartersEveryinRoom OverOgdenEgyptianSchoolTheatreof BeautyOGDEN,CultureUTAH

Los Angeles Name V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON Director Address City..State oi Salt Formerly Lake City

xmamWm LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY father. Brother William Richards was questioned and he

replied that Willard Richards was his greatgrandfather.

are frequently and immigrant confused "C migrant by the Finally Don Corbett brought out the fact that Hyrum Smith *—'unthinking. Emigrant one country means one who leaves his greatgrandfather. was

for another. An immigrant is one who comes into a country; Here three descendants of the four who were to be martyred

for instance, "The emigrants from England became immigrants to destroy the Church were brought together to preach the in Canada."same Gospel.

The work of the Lord will go on and the fine spirit of our

Dear Brethren: early leaders is carried forward in their descendants.

Sincerely, find orders for enclosed hundred sixtytwo one Eras, Please Miller, R. Frank *- of sixtyfive which for one the makes hundred Eras 1762 N. Rhodes, Arlington, Va.

South families in Gate have 130 Ward. our ward and a totalWe

I am proud of that record. -&

I am happy my ward enjoys a spiritual feast, by having their souls enriched monthly by that great magazine. GETTING THE JUMP ON HIM

I spiritual the of laziness, sure cause carelessness, am and optician teaching business his to technique was son. An in is activity delinquency the to Church diet of improper due

said, fitted "after he "Son,"glasses to customer, have you a fail spiritual foods. to life, eternal catch vision the of and We

is, the he asks and charge what say: you are centered our minds things temporal on pleasand monetary '$10.'is charge 'The ures, satisfied hearts are our the and with kind of reading which

if little. closely to see "Then watch If you he jumps a he thrills. gives excitement us forget that partand are we We doesn't say: jump, you that ners with hold Priesthood God, His that and Power, we and

'That's for the $10.'the frames; lenses will cost another feast should teachings find His upon of the we and Living. Joy

just again, for if stop to second, "Then you see jumps. he it reading gives By Improvement us well The balEra a

If that he doesn't time, jump quick: you spiritual asay—real will that spiritual anced meal give "us strength to "'Each.'withstand fatigue the life, the hardships of and the and temptations of the adversary. STANDING ROOM ONLY

fill that will Praying more Spiritual that fuel on homes up "I guess you wonder why that in that is contained great magazine, The Era, Improvement I'll tell Aleck, Smart "and you I neverwhy—therego to church,"are alwayssaidsoa manylocal I remain in the operator great your Service Station of Life. there."hypocrites

(Signed) Bishop Ivan Magnusson. "Oh, don't let that keep you away,"said the bishop smiling;

-- "there's always room for one more."

MOUNT OGDEN STAKE CLAIMS WOODS FAMILY UNMISTAKABLE EVIDENCE

TLTerbert W. Woods, who, with his family, was selected as a Teacher: "Now, Tommy, if you have ten cents in one

* * model family from Utah to go to the World's Fair, (see pocket, and twelve cents in the other, what have you?"

Era, July, 1940, p. 415) is not a member of the Church in the Tommy: "The wrong trousers."

Ogden Stake. He is a member of the Mount Ogden Ward of

Mount Ogden Stake, and is second counselor to President THE GREATEST MAN

Ralph T. Mitchell of the High Priest Quorum of the Mount

Ogden Stake. Bagsby: "Who do you consider the greatest man this coun-

I am giving you this information because some of the memtry has produced?"

bers of feel that the the Mount Ogden Stake Stake Ogden gets ButCrabshaw:now I am "Iconvincedused to thinkit wasit wasmy eitherwife's Jeffersonfirst husband."or Lincoln. credit for magnificent ample getting without achievements credit

for something to which Veryit trulyis notyours,justly entitled. NEW, BUT SO OLD

H. Reeder, W.

President, MountJr., Ogden Stake. giveDoctor:him a good"The dosebest ofthingcastoryouoil."can do for your baby is to

To the Editors of the Era: Modern Mother: "But, Doctor, castor oil is so old fash-

T WOULD like to express my thanks to The Improvement Era ioned."

* for the wonderful information I have received since I have Doctor: "So are babies, madam."

mission, been only on five months now. receive my We four CHERISHED AFFLICTION here each is in Porto month Alegre and every one read from

I to fine cover find cover. for material very the of some many little in sick girl was bed with measles My and her gave we talks to principles. give have on Church we mission here The so attention much so and things to many new play that with

is is rapidly, very growing credit fine and to the due much little her brother said to me, "Mother, after is Kathy through in books our have Church. we The Improvement may So Era the with I measles, can them, have too?"

its find always in here Brazil. down way

Missionary, A Mormon Keith S. Jones, SYMPATHETIC, THOUGH

Porto Alegre, Brazil, CaixaPostal 526. Margaret, aged five, had been very rude to a little guest, and

<a> after the child had gone home, Margaret's mother told her very

Gentlemen: feelingly how grieved she was at her rudeness.

tried "I've to so hard child, a make you good Margaret, a little that item of interest us; to was it will perhaps be Here's to teach to polite be you to kind others; and yet in of spite and also. to you

all are so rude you so and my efforts, naughty."little Recently of a missionaries group their were on from way Margaret, deeply looked moved, sadly at her said, mother and to Washington, Fredericksburg, D. Virginia. topic C, The failure are, a "What Mother!"you of conversation to turned the of the martyrdom Prophet Joseph

and brought it was out that his brother if Joseph and Hyrumit was asthoughtwell asby Johnthe mobbersTaylor thatand SIZING UP THE MULE

Willard Richards the of were of the who Twelve Quorum were mule,""The wrote "is a schoolboy, hardier bird a than the killed the Church would disappear. crumble and or guse diffrunt. turkey and his wears the He wings side on

party, the of Bell, if Valean Taylor One asked she was his were of head. legs has two with, He to walk two to kick more

related to Taylor. replied John that She he her grandwas with, and is awful about backward going forward."

L SUNDAY 10 P. M.T0 MIDNIGHT

There's beauty in the final hours of every Sunday - beauty in the moments when the Sabbath is ended. In these hours from Ten to Midnight, KSL presents four complete half hour programs

of unusual charm - programs that, from the four points of the compass, draw ideas in music and in words for your late evening pleasure.

\ Utah is famed throughout the nation for the excellence of its Choral groups.

,% High school and college, church and private organization develop singing units of rare ability and finesse. In constant rotation, KSL brings the

finest of these choruses to your home as the first unit of its Sunday evening programs of words and music.

KSL—10 to 10:30 p. m.

Some of the most enduring of all music has been written lor string orchestras. This is the basis upon which the program presenting the KSL Strings

is developed. Directed by Albert Shephard and sponsored by ZCMI, here

is a program ol thrilling importance both to musicians and to all who

enjoy the lasting beauty of music for strings.

KSL—10:30 to 11 p.m.

* Rich...in the tradition of radio's programs of true worth is "Sunday Evening

on Temple Square."First offered more than ten years ago, this thirty minutes is today more widely heard than ever before - a program which

brings the majesty of the Mormon Tabernacle organ and guest soloists to

the late Sunday hours.

KSL—11 to 11:30 p. m.

"Sabbath Reveries"brings each Sunday to a close on KSL. Here a final

mood lor the day is interpreted both in words and in music. All themes fcNS'

arc within the appreciation of those who listen In smooth measures, the \i'A\1lfCPmiffW )\ closing moments of the day pass on the flowing pattern of a day well filled,

well lived.

KSL—11:30 to 12 Midnight

J SUPREME IN THE WEST

1 1 30 KILOCYCLES 50,000 WATTS

MggaillBBJBMBMKiSal tztefstcte &5

Youth on a vacation knows no cares. In

the mountains, along highways, or on the beach, each hour, each moment presents a panorama of pleasant experiences.

ment if we build a life insurance estate

fortable life as you grow older?

SvKKJfi'-:v.:v"..

Bkl *>w frm Vts.k> HI iWbbl><Ms -M Hp itMil B iilillf

I. Grant. Pres. V Salt Lake City.