POSTAGE

Permit No. 352

-'*.,.;,,

FEBRUARY, 1937 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT X A K E CITY, UTAH!.!

WE GIVE YOUR 81/lCK THE CARE IT VESERVESf

"Factoryengineered"Shellubrication insures that each part of your car gets the one correct lubricant specified by Buick engineers!

This means longer life, more carefree miles, fewer repair bills

I THERE ARE MORE THAN 50 LUBRICATION POINTS on your Buick. Each a vital point of

wear. Shellubrication insures

for each of these points the type of lubricant specified and approved by Buick engineers.

4 GET THE SHELLUBRICATION HABIT! Drop in

* MORE THAN 10 DIFFERENT regularly at your neighborhood Shell Station and

KINDS OF LUBRICANTS are used have your car Shellubricated! It gives you a feelShellubri- gets Buick your when ing of security to know that your car is safeguardis cation. lubricant selected Each

in strict accordance with factory ed against wear at vital points. And in the long

specifications. Contrast this sperun, it will save you a lot of money!

cialized Buick "diet"with an ordinary grease job done with a limited number of lubricants Look for this sign

3 A LUBRICATION CHART, approved by Buick engineers for your particular model, guides the Shell man when he Shellubricates your Buick.

You get a signed receipt showing all services performed on your car, the condition of your battery, tires, etc., and any additional service needed. FOR EVERY CAR, A SPECIAL PLAN

OF "FACTORYENGINEERED"SHELLUBRICATION THESE SHELL SERVICES WIN PRAISE FROM WOMEN!

We vacuum or brush out upholstery, Apply rubber dressing to fires and running boards. Wipe off body with specially

treated cloth Check lights and clean lenses. Polish windows inside and out—and shine all chromium.

Eliminate body squeaks.

Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Improvement Richard L. Evans,

Marba C. Josephson,FEBRUARY, 1937 Managing Editor Associate Editor

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTERAMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD DO YOU KNOW?-

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'Who are the two women who have

been honored by having their photographs reproduced o n United States postage stamps? TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 110

is for plan approved the new What QJeatures(church the meetings of morning Sunday From the Life of a Busy Man Willard Smith 67 A Page the Priesthood and Quorums

Changes in Priesthood'Sunday School Organization Sunday Schools? Page 68

Rudger Clawson 68 What Mormon missionary group is

The Willing Worker and the Needy Worker being paid to present radio proMark Austin 70 grams on some of Europe's

Reed Smoot at Seventyfive 69 largest and most influential staAlonzo A, Hinckley James H. Wallis 76 tions? Page 92

How Lorenzo Snow Found God LeRoi C, Snow 82 What is the legal standing of ChrisThe Missionary for Me Don B. Colton 89 tianity in the United States?Page 72 Broadcasting with the Millennial Chorus

Robert S Stevens 92 What the Book of Mormon says

The Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 100 America?concerning the freedomPageof 66

From Tropical North Australia Thomas D. Rees 110

Press says the Associated Challenge, Angeles Los Stake A. Baker, 75; Church What George

life's concerning Reed Smoot's Walters, of Archer 112; Priesthood: Journal On, 98; Moves

service philosophy to Church and 68; Aaronic, 113; Melchizedek, Teaching, 115; MuWard

his Seventyfifth on and nation Adult, Executive, 116; 116; Senior, 117; tual Messages:

M Men, 117; Gleaner, 117; M MenGleaners, 118; Juniors, birthday anniversary? Page 69

119; Bee Hive, 119. What the President of the Eastern

missionaries prime whose ratherSpectalspecial cfeQ/eatures cerningStatesmotive Missionis has to say conself-development

Is the United States a Christian Nation than service? Page 89

Robert Murray Stewart 72 Who is the new President of the

Abraham Lincoln Daniel Harrington 80 Northwestern States Mission?

Susan B. Anthony—Her Personality and Friendships Page 98

Annie Wells Cannon 86 What unusual incident led William

Nations that Need the Gospel Arthur Gaeth 102 Cowper to write "God Moves in

Reindeer Trek C. Frank Steele 106 a Mysterious Way"? Page 100

Susan B. Anthony Honored Mary F. Kelly Pye 110 What major European nations have

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 95; On the no Mormon missionaries?.Page 102

Book Rack, 108; Homing, 109; Ten Best Moving Pictures

of 1936, 120; Your Page and Ours, 128; Index to AdvertisWhich are adjudged to be the ten

ers, 122. best motion pictures of 1936?

Page 120 ibdttortais What Church women were active in

Alonzo A. Hinckley John A. Widtsoe 96 the woman suffrage movement?Page 86

February's Lesson John A. Widtsoe 96

A Christian Nation Richard L. Evans 96

"We Build for a Business That Knows No Completion"..

Marba C, Josephson 97 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

OFFICES:

City, UtahQjtctton, croetry, Lsfosswom Lruzzle SO North Main Street, Salt Lake

Copyright 1937, by the Young Men's Mutual

Association Cdrporation Improvement of the Story I Think I Am—A True Short Short Latterday Saints. of Jesus Christ of Harrison R. Merrill 71 Church reserved. All rights price, Subscription

year, a in advance; 20c Single Copy. Albert Navajo Outlaw of Mountain R. 79 $s.oo The Lyman

at the Entered Salt City, Post Office, Lake Six Cattell Diamonds and Hartford 85 An Opal Nancy secondclass Utah, as matter. Acceptance

Frontispiece, Statue of Liberty, 66; Poetry Page, 99; Scripfor mailing at special rate of postage protural Crossword Puzzle, 111. vided1917, authorizedfor in sectionJuly 1103,2, 1918.Act of October,

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomescJne Ciover contributions.The Improvement Era is not responsible

This striking February subject photographed in Washington, D. C. by Lionel Green,

shows the Washington Monument and the dome of the nation's capitol as seen of thethrough the columns of freedom, purpose, high Lincoln Memorial—symbols and A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY principle reproduced together in the birthuncompromising of America's two month of

greatest patriots. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

jJJUJjnlfUfjiB is a'rijoir?

lanb, an& uiljatBomr nation stjall possess if sfjall brfm from bondage, ani> from rapttuttij, and from all o%r nations nnfor flatten,if mill bnt s?rtu> tfj? %g

(Soft of ttj? lanfc, tuljo

ts Spans (Eljriat..."

—lE%r 2:1 2, Sank nf IWormmt

66 Photo by Mario Scacheri.

a

PAGEA

FROM THE LIFE OF A BUSY MAN A killingChurchpacethrivesfor aonyoungit at maneighty.but the president of the

sat to a immediately downPast eighty years of age, President of the Sevier Stake at about 7:35 We

Sister Poulident Heber J. Grant, notably splendidp. m. dinner prepared by

outworks, outtravels, and son, and thereafter engaged in conversaout-serves younger associates, not wetion retireduntil ato littlebed. after 10 o'clock, when

excepting even those of early manYou had very little sleep during the hood. Frequent letters dictated by night, were up three or four times, and

finally o'clock arose had 7 about such with them carry Presidentthe 8 o'clock. around Weandthere- a. m. 4 as "it is nowcomment left Pouland breakfastafter Brother immediately with

I have been dictating two hours,"or son for Sevier. We arrived at Sevier

other similar indicators of vigorous about a quarter to ten and were shown chapel James the through by Bishop new mission late.toil, PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT early and And

the of South President and Ware misLevie evenpresidents, young and at meeting convened Stake. Sevier The

sionaries have often been heard to 10 o'clock, and after listening to the proexpress their need for rest when the gram you spoke for about an hour and ten the dedicated thereafter meet"minutes, and five to minutes visits, behis twenty arose aboutPresident concludes You inghouse. 14, September the next morning, Monday, his inability to "travel of theircause talk During that your suggested you time, Brothfor after read some had I and youpace."to remind returned you home, when you breakfast Belliston arose and er Sister and

to for distribution the the send in bishop through were R. prepared and ago, Willard weeks was We A few of copies ward, saying: your which "That left 8:30 around 8 o'clock. about eaten.We Savings Zion's of CashierSmith, persist in easier to doing becomes we Brother Ostler and Brother with George a and Trust Company, and not that the do, of the thingBank nature has driving over After ranch. for the Grace

member of Ensign Stake High changed but that our power to do has the ranch and partly around it, we returned increased."bishop's and address name The Grace, Brother of to the President homeCouncil, accompanied

Levie, Sevier South are: James Ward, eleven. to fifteen there minutes about arrivingWe of a trip, the activitiesGrant on Sevier, Stake, Sevier Sevier County, ranch, the the value Utah. there of discussed

to the letter in a he recorded left thewhich etc. at about meetinghouse We left for accompanied home, by We then minutes to twenty twelve, and immediately broughtPresident. This letter was his and Brother two daughters, Grace

to Richfield, drove luncheon back where about in Salt City arrived Lake and its writer, andto our attention by us. already scarcely awaited had We to the immediately went 1:30 p. m., and intensive of the unusual andbecause finish left time to for eating, the Seand dinner. for back went Lion House You

it of part aactivity the records vier five on at to one. Tabernacle minutes until office at the to about stayed and work

man in his eightieth year, we asked The program was then conducted, and you 7:30, and I went home to bed.

spoke again for approximately an letter I this that writing so you am may publish it, which to permissionfor then tabernacle. the dedicated and hourWe activities during of your be aware made here granted, beingpermission we left the for the tabernacle immediately it this that in journey, the hopes and may

do so in part: seminary where a program was again conwarn you against similar strains, which I

ducted, and you spoke for about a half presume are common with you on most

Dear President: hour, and then dedicated the seminary. We of your trips.

left for immediately Poulson's, Brother

I youth, consider compared my When this last I pleasure the weekkeen had eating without and provided were you I that out age, with your and worn was to of our of you some accompanyingend of grapes, a pears, with peaches, bag and it is that afterwards, apparent very you cities, only the thoughtsouthern with and Sister with Brother and accomand Young receive strength. special Providential will I prolongingof your hope you us, left for panying Manti where we must we It is written shall that the not tempt we reviewing yournot offended be by life,my fifteen arrived six. at to minutes about We really to are Lord, thy and God, you meactivities. then the after to stake went house where tempting strains Providence with on such

little I as conversation the with met know, bishop you some Saturday, you On vitality. your

set others,in Building apart of Richfront the a and bishop you on new News

I sincerely will hope a little more you be (I their counselors in not Zephyr, the Lincoln immeStreet andards have do careful strength, of not put your such and. ) setleft after the button presseddiately ten about minnames you Manti We strains yourself. upon six, at in after press utesting at arrived motion, the the meetingDeseret and News

a little after 3:30 p.m., September 12. Your house in Nephi at about fifteen minutes (Signed) WILLARD.

night bag was in the car, and without reafter seven, where, without anything furElapsed time—approximatelyturningWe arrivedhome, inwe Nephicommenced. about the5:30journey.p.m., Conferencether to eat, program,we listenedandto youthe spokeM. I. forA.

and drove to the home of George O. approximately half an hour. fortysix hours from Salt Lake City,

talkto spentOstler. the of hour Brother about went a half home Salt back to City Lake We We then again!—Belliston until ranch the regardinging to Ostler remained Mrs. and about up ten killing for pace but the man, a young

left o'clock, matters, retired, there the 6 about other nextand and and when you o'clock p. m. for Richfield, and arrived morning advised me you had slept for President of the Church thrives on

at the home of Eugene W. Poulson, Presabout six and onehalf hours. it at eighty.

NEW PRIESTHOODSUNDAY SCHOOL PLAN ANNOUNCED ftflELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD DEPARTMENT, CONDUCTED by the Melchizedek Priesthood

To the Presidents of Stakes Committee of the Council of the Twelve—

Dear Brethren: Edited by Joseph Fielding Smith, Chairman.

Difficulties and some confusion have been reported from case of High Priests and where it is allowable for quorum presiseveral stakes arising out of members of a Seventies'or an Eldencies and committee chairmen to the administration of the present ders'quorum reside in several use a few minutes if necessary at plan of holding Priesthood activity wards, it will become necessary for the beginning of each Gospel Docmeetings following Sunday School such members to choose one of the trine class.

classes during the Sunday School several wards in which they reside hour. To obviate these difficulties as the place for their monthly quoWomen and Girls

and to stimulate the work of the rum meeting. In such cases it is The General Sunday School

Priesthood quorums it has been derecommended that the monthly quoBoard will provide on the last Suncided by the Council of the Twelve, rum meetings be distributed among day of each month, during the time with the approval of the First Presithe wards of the stake, that is, a that quorum meetings are held, a dency and the concurrence of the High Priests'quorum meeting in suitable program for the women.

First Council of the Seventy, and one ward, a Seventies'quorum after consultation with the General meeting in another ward, and an Aaronic Priesthood

Sunday School Superintendency, to Elders'quorum meeting in another Arrangements have been made submit to the stakes the following ward in such manner as to provide, with the Presiding Bishopric to hold proposed changes in the procedure if practicable, that there shall be a the Priesthood activity meeting of of Sunday morning: quorum of Melchizedek Priesthood the Lesser Priesthood for a full 25meeting in each ward of the stake minute period preceding the class

Monthly Quorum Meetings on each last Sunday. This will not work of the Sunday School instead

Monthly quorum meetings of the leave any ward without some of the of following the class work as at

Melchizedek Priesthood may be Higher Priesthood in attendance. present provided.

held during the Sunday School Where the High Priests or other The brethren of the Aaronic hour, following the opening exerquorums of Melchizedek Priesthood Priesthood will also convene in a cises of singing, prayer, singing, and desire to continue monthly quorum monthly meeting on the last Sunday

the other during than Sunday of the month. time each last Sunday Melchizeof the the brethren when—onthe administration of the Sacrament, meetings already established at a of each month at the same hour of these hour, quoSchool groups continued be at meetingsThese meeting, are may dek Priesthood

until the adjournment of the Sunrums residing in the several wards which they may transact quorum day School, thus providing a period will hold group meetings during the business, attend to such matters as of approximately \ 1/ hours within same period that is allotted to the will properly come before them, it which to transact quorum business quorums of Seventies and Elders. being understood that the courses

and carry forward a program of Priesthood Class Work of study to be pursued in the time the study should be remaining Sunday the of Melchizedek the for Aaronic courses may be of the School each and provided,—theother quorum activitiescourse asof PriesthoodMembers on Sunday study to be pursued will be the Gosmonth, excepting only the last SunPriesthood quorums.

for the pel lesson on Doctrine day in will the participate day, Sunday Exercises Detailed of Program it is held, the meeting quorumwhich for classes Doctrine School Gospel School SuGeneral Sunday The that however, understood, being hour of about period a one which to letter will a perintendency send shall take business regular quorum will hereafter five minutes be and all advisSuperintendencies Stake all matters. other over precedence

is It that with believed provided. of herein the mentioned ing changes officers will preside and Quorum class of period the extension the and directions specific with giving and rewithout adjourn quorums may least at a for provision the made the to of the reference adjustment to of general assembly the turning consideration limited the of Gospel is It School hoped program. Sunday It will well, School. the be Sunday the during lessons monthly Doctrine stake will the that with confer you for adjournarrange to however, of class meeting, the work quorum superintendent and School Sunday at the meetings of quorum ment will receive substanthe Priesthood perare the that arrangements see of adjournment as the time same than attention tially time and more It is that the fected. expected new at preferably the School, Sunday it heretofore. received has as will operative soon plan become in bell, that conorder the of sound

fusion may be avoided. Weekly Assignment and as possible.

In wards where complete quoChecking rums of Elders and Seventies are For the purpose of enabling the Advantages maintained no problem of transporPriesthood quorum officers to make It is hoped that the adoption of tation of quorum members to central their assignments and check the acthe foregoing plan will solve a numplaces will be involved but in the tivities of members and committees, ber of problems that are now

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

New PriesthoodSunday School Plan Announced REED SMOOT AT found to exist in various parts of the Church and be helpful in thefollowing respects: SEVENTYFIVE

First—It will provide a more The Nation's Press pays tribute to his service

convenient hour for the monthly and his life's philosophy.

quorum meetings of the Melchizedek Priesthood which has always HPhe Nation's press paid tribute to been a real need among the quoReed Smoot, his record of service rums. and his life's philosophy on the occasion of his seventyfifth birthday anPriest- stake Smoot Deplores Second—Monthly niversary, January 10, 1937. Conrelieved of union meetings, hood

the necessity of making provision cerning this distinguished statesman and churchman, the Associated in their programs for monthly quorum meetings, will be better Press commented as appears in colTime Waste able to provide that which is umn 3 in the reproduction from the 13, Angeles Times Los of January their chief objective, probably Former Utah Senator carried 1937. This story was by officers namely, training for the

of the quorums that quorum offileading newspapers throughout the at 75 Says People cers may have at least equal opnation. Sleep Far Too Much

portunities to learn their duties that the officers of our auxiliary SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 12. (IP)

organizations have long enjoyed.

thirty Smoot, years a SenReed feel there that in every stake We exclusive churcti ator and now facilimust be provided adequate ties for the training of quorum worker,'at the start of his sevpresidencies, entyfifth year today bemoaned a people who "sleep too much."T h i r d—The arrangement

should obviate all of the confu- "There are many who work sion which has been reported but forty hours a week and sleep from some quarters attending the eight or nine hours a day,"the adjournment of the Sunday former Senate dean charged.

School. There will be no classes "That is deplorable waste of a

of the boys of the Lesser Priestmost precious resource—time.

hood to adjourn at a time so SIX HOURS ENOUGH nearly approaching the closing of "A person in perfect health

Sunday School as to induce them can work ten, twelve or even to leave the school without partifourteen hours a day and thrive cipating in its closing exercises. on not more than six hours of

The women will also be provided sleep."

for until the end of the school Smoot, who observed his sevperiod and the quorums of the entyfifth birthday Sunday, for

Higher Priesthood must coopermost of his life has exercised ate in helping to maintain orderly the principles of "plenty of work closing exercises. REED SMOOT and not too much sleep."DurFourth—It is believed that if ofing thea longSenateperiodFinanceas chairmanCommitbishops will call on quorums as tee he often worked as many as

units through their presiding offifull cooperation of the stake presitwenty out of the twentyfour cers to perform service in the dents, the bishops, the quorum preshours, he said.

ward such as block teaching, speidencies, and the Sunday School "But I'm getting old and I'm cial projects, etc., these assignofficers, the foregoing suggestions tapering off a little now,"he

Tall, smiled. whitehaired and to ments tend conserve would in the be incorporated program the may energetic, a could pass for he integrity of the and quorum make activities of of the Church Sunday years. of 60 man fully apprecimore the members profit forenoon to all great with

ate quorum opportunities for serconcerned. ADVICE TO YOUNG

vice. Emphasis on the quorum For the nation's young men,

integrity and unity will do much Sincerely yours, Smoot suggested these printo accomplish this end. If a The Council of the Twelve ciples:

bishop sends a message to the By Rudger Clawson, "Keep busy Keep bodily the presquorum through quorum President jnemberclean. Havethat highidlenessideals.is theReto idency, establish rehe helps

plain devil's workshop. Eat suggestions have for the spect presidency and enNote:—These

foods. hot drinks. Never Avoid been the Presiding approved by their influence. hances

Bishopric for the Aaronic Priesttouch intoxicating liquors of any

We feel confident that with the hood. kind."

The WILLING Worker and the NEEDY Worker By MARK AUSTIN A Member o/ the General ComChurch Security of theTheundoubtedlyChurch Securitybeen veryPlanhelpfulhas mittee Program in many ways in providing some work for those who need it, as well as food and clothing. It has it is to be hoped that

brought about a stronger cooper- I much of the work of ative spirit among those who have the Security Plan will be taken part and has developed a done by those who need assiststronger brotherhood among the ance, to relieve somewhat members of the Church. It has enthose willing workers who do

couraged people to go forward colso much and need so little.

lectively in providing for themselves, in part at least.

One of the outstanding features,

MARK AUSTINhowever, is that given it has an opitharvestedwould nothis becroplost.forUndoubtedlyhim so thatportunity for of the Priestquorums

this act apprekind very was much to in active helpinghood become extent, to so those did some who ciated president the had by who in ineach other engaging quorum work, while those needed much who freely his to of given time so muchprojects of temporal a nature, thus little. assistance did so his help of the stake members andbringing closer the tomembers of main the purpose inauguThe their families giving counthem bygether so to in as the develop quorum this of ration anprogram, as sel for their guidance, advice and greatera respect love apand and First the Presidency nounced by spiritually, temporally both andpreciation for the protection and their associates, find to and emwas labor, given and manual had whohelp that they to render each may the for ployment unwhere needed it the as needed, same was when

It inother time of need. enhas partly or the employed unemployed, those presided over were he whomabled nearly quorums to asmore that better to they able might be doing. the responsibility proper thatsume for their provide themselves and performed was work by Much tobelongs the as recomquorums, families. the the throughout quorums Church Presidentmended David by O. McIt is further the object purand in in agricultural projects 1936, and at the conference.Kay October of the to pose develop Church in preparation has been much made In districts, rural the or farming its spirit of the members among fertilizsoil in selection the of and splendid have amembers opportunlove friendship brotherly and and fall for ing year's next plowing andity in projects, to farm engage and livof ideal kindness standards and planting. question much Withoutto produce food products, which spiritual the for ing temporal and in will the coming be done more for stored be usemay needed when all that blessing of people, these the last season, season done than was others. or In quorum membersby influences important spread may that a notwithstanding very goodthe operation units of these farm all the world, throughout because stakes, showing some by made was ofthe practice best very farm can all the recognizes that our Church last year. wards, quorums and

all In adopted. quorums,be some in live Father's children should It is that to hoped more be much better aremembers farmers than prosperity, peace, contentment, and in of production the the of workothers, to their give they can and for a regard have high each and will these those crops be done by

relative information to themembers other. the products than need was whobetter farming methods, which is some lacking in woefully world The will relieve, last year. This doneof not them befollowed have may things, these important and many

fore. This will increase the crop of our statesmen and thinkers of

yield and make farming more profthe nations have announced that itable. many of the nations of the earth are

Last fall when the writer was threatened with disaster and detraveling through one of the stakes struction because of the lack of love of Zion the president of the stake and good will and spirituality, and was quite ill and the season was recognition of God's high purposes getting late and his latematuring toward his children in the journey crops had not been harvested. of life, which is "to bring to pass

Quorum members went, without sothe immortality and eternal life of licitation from the president, and man,"

THINK AM By HARRISON R.MERRILL

A TRUE SHORT SHORT STORY

musson sought out Elder Beckstrand.

"Well, what is the verdict?"the

J.udge Jethro sat down from Great Salt Lake Valley. AfElder asked. "Will you go back

in one of the luxurious chairs in the ter they had made their camp and with me?"

mayor's office and looked steadily eaten their frugal meal of bacon and The Swede shook his head sadly.

across the table at his friend the bread, they sought out the strangers "No,"said he, "we're going on.

mayor. hoping to have word from the City My wife and I talked it over—talked

"You're not going to let them rope of the Saints. To their surprise, most of the night. We found, Elyou into that job, are you?"he they discovered that one of the der Beckstrand, that we were not

asked sternly. members of the party was the Elder converted to you, but to the Gospel

"I think I am,"he replied, smiling who had taught them the Gospel. of Jesus Christ. We're going on."

just a little. Sven Rasmusson lost no time in "But Brother Rasmusson, there's

"Well, of all the fools..."the finding the Elder. He came upon no culture there; there's...

judge began. him as he sat upon the tongue of Mr. Rasmusson raised his hand

"Don't be too severe,"Mayor his wagon watching his horses to stop the speaker.

John H. Rasmusson cut in. "Darn finish their feed of oats. Sven was "I'll take some culture,"he said it all, Judge, there are some things a greeted warmly but noticed a resolemnly—"I and my violin. We

fellow just has to do for his serve in the manner of the Elder. are sorry that you have left the

Church."After the first greetings were Church, that you are leaving Zion.

"You're doing enough, aren't over and each had asked the other We learned to love you, Elder Beckyou?"the Judge asked. "Dentist, many questions, the Elder said: strand, and, I hope, we shall always

I found I was mistaken. While the "You're making a mistake, Brothteacher—whatMayor, GospelmoreDoctrineought youclassto "Brother Rasmusson, turn back. love you, but we'll not follow you."

do?"doctrine of the Church is fine, the er Rasmusson,"the Elder remon-

"Well,"the Mayor answered, authorities are unfair. I have left strated.

"just about anything the Church the Church and am returning to the "No,"said Rasmusson, "it is you asks of me."old family home in New Jersey and who are making the mistake. I bear

The two men were friends of long expect never to return. Turn back you my testimony that God lives,

standing, though the Judge was not before it is too late."that He made known His will to the

a member of the Church and the Sven was shocked beyond measProphet Joseph Smith; he answers

Mayor was. ure. our prayers. And now goodbye.

"Why?"the Judge spoke sharply. "Are you trying to tell me that You may turn back, but my wife

"Well, there's why."The Mayor you have apostatized?"he asked. and I will go on. We may die on

took a book from his desk and, open- "Not the Elder the journey; we may never reach exactly—yet,"

ing its pages, handed it to the judge. answered, "but I am tired of it all. Zion, but we'll know that we have

"There's the story. Read it while I Utah is a rough, uncouth land withespoused a grand cause."

make this phone call and you'll out the semblance of culture. I have In the old country they were of

know why."decided that I was mistaken. There the peasant class. No way was

is no one true Church; many are open to their sons and daughters.

Oven Rasmussen was an true. You'll starve there for things They reached Utah. One son beemigrant from Sweden, one of the of culture."came a superintendent of schools,

common people. When he heard the "But I don't understand."another a mayor of his city, a denGospel message he was converted "I know you don't now, but think tist, and a respected citizen.

and baptized. Saving his meager it over and if in the morning you

wages, he and his wife had their will turn back, you may go with me. The Judge laid down the book.

hearts set upon Zion. I'll haul you and your belongings in "So what?"he asked.

At last the great day arrived. my wagon.""Sven Rasmusson was my father,"

the see answered. you Mayor "Do sufficient for Their savings were went Rasmusson in light office Oven the the across the cortheir fare. Florence, Reaching Nefrail to his his back and young camp office. ner. That's seen You've my after braska, a a long voyage and wife, into the brokenhearted. Long little perfect heaven my home—a overland, journey hard purthey their talked of night they testimony the been among Had cart to a prepared chased and walk the of Elder and young had for who the Gospel—theflowers. Church—it not to Zion.

at taken the Gospel. them in probably peasant a be When would

Sven was a violinist and carried last they prepared to retire, they Sweden today. Yes, Judge, I think

with him his precious instrument. knelt beside their tiny camp and of- I'll take the job."

One night they reached a camp fered up a prayer to God for guid- "I don't blame you, John,"he said on the North Platte River in which ance. holding out his hand. "I'd take that

there were men on their way East The following morning Sven Rasjob, too, if I were you."

S THE UNITED STATES a CHRISTIAN NATION?

By ROBERT MURRAY STEWART Attorney at Law and Past President, Utah Chapter,

Sons of the American Revolution

HTHE SUPREME COURT HAS SAID THAT IT IS; THE x HISTORY, TRADITIONS, AND INSTITUTIONS OF

THIS LAND ELOQUENTLY SPEAK THAT AS SUCH IT entry to the United States on the that he was coming to labor WAS ESTABLISHED. THIS AND FUTURE GENERtheory

ATIONS MUST KEEP IT SO. or perform service in the United

States under contract and others were prepaying his transportation s the United States a Christian The Reverend E. Walpole Warexpense, all of which was unlawful

Nation? The Supreme Court of ren was an alien residing in Engand forbidden by Chapter 164, 23

I the United States has said that it land, and it appears that the Holy St., p. 332.

was. Trinity Church of New York City

It seems that during the last cenentered into a contract with him In the course of the opinion, which tury it had become the practice of whereby the Reverend Warren was was written by Mr, Justice Brewer large capitalists in this country to to move to the city of New York the United States Supreme Court contract with their agents abroad and enter into the services of the has the following to say:

for the shipment of great numbers Holy Trinity Church as Rector and... But,... no purpose of action

of an ignorant and servile class of Pastor; and in pursuance of the conagainst religion can be imputed to any

foreign laborers, under contracts by tract Warren did come to New York legislation, state or national, because this i which the employer agreed, on the and serve the Church as rector and a religious people. This is historically true.

one hand, to prepay their passage, pastor, the Holy Trinity Church presentFrom thehour,discoverythere isofa thissinglecontinentvoice makingto the while, on the other hand, the laborhaving advanced his passage. The this affirmation. The commission to Chrisers agreed to work after their arrival United States brought an action topher Columbus, prior to his sail westward,

for a certain time at a low rate of against the Reverend Warren under is from "Ferdinand and Isabella, by the wages. The effect of this was to the above law and the lower court graceetc., andof God,recitesKingthatand"itQueenis hopedof Castile,"that by

break down the labor market, and to held that his presence in the United God's assistance some of the continents and reduce other laborers engaged in States was illegal. Reverend Warislands in the ocean will be discovered,"

like occupations to the level of the ren appealed his case from the lower etc. The first colonial grant, that made to

assisted immigrant. The evil finally court to the United States Supreme Sir"Elizabeth,Walter byRaleighthe gracein of1584,God,wasof Engfrom

became so flagrant that an appeal Court, and in February, 1892, the land, Fraunce and Ireland, queene, dewas made to Congress for relief, United States Supreme Court renfender of the faith,"etc.; and the grant auwhich Congress granted by the dered its decision reversing the dethorizing him to enact statutes of the govpassage of an act which provided cision of the lower court. The preernmentthat "theyofbethenotproposedagainst thecolonytrue Christianprovided

that it should be unlawful for any cise question that was raised was faith nowe professed in the Church of person, etc., to prepay the transporwhether a nonresident noncitizen England."The first charter of Virginia,

tation, or in any way assist or enof the United States might be adgranted by King James I, in 1606, after courage the importation or migration mitted to the United States having recitingfor a charter,the applicationcommenced ofthecertaingrant inpartiesthese of any alien into the United States, prior thereto entered into a contract words: "We, greatly commending, and

under contract made previous to the to preach the Gospel of Christ in graciously accepting of, their Desires for of a so noble the Furtherance which Work,importation or migration his and to have of such New York City, of God, Almighty Providence may, by thealien, to perform to the States labor or services of transportation United hereafter of to tend the his Divine Glory any kind in the United States. prepaid, or be denied the right of Majesty, in propagating of Christian Re72

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

together, to mayntayne and presearue the support of this Declaration, with a firm liberty and purity of the gospell of our reliance on the Protection of Divine ProviLord Jesus wch we now prfesse, as also the dence, we mutually pledge to each other disciplyne of the Churches, wch according our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred to the truth of the said gospell is now Honor."

practised amongst vs."If we examine the constitutions of the

In the charter of privileges granted by various states, we find in them a constant

William Penn to the province of Pennsylrecognition of religious obligations. Every

vania, in 1701, it is recited: "Because no constitution of every one of the 44 states

People can be truly happy, though under contains language which, either directly or the greatest Enjoyment of Civil Liberties, by clear implication, recognizes a profound if abridged of the Freedom of their Conreverence for religion, and an assumption sciences, as to their Religious Profession that its influence in all human affairs is and Worship; and Almighty God being the essential to the wellbeing of the comOnly Lord of Conscience, Father of Lights munity. This recognition may be in the

and Spirits; and the Author as well as preamble, such as is found in the constiObject of all divine Knowledge, Faith, and tution of Illinois, 1870: "We, the people

Worship, who only doth enlighten the of the state of Illinois, grateful to Almighty

Minds, and persuade and convince the God for the civil, political, and religious

Understandings of People, I do hereby liberty which He hath so long permitted grant and declare,"etc. us to enjoy, and looking to Him for a

Coming nearer to the present time, the blessing upon our endeavors to secure and declaration of independence recognizes the transmit the same unimpaired to succeeding presence of the Divine in human affairs in generations,"etc.

these words: "We hold these truths to It may be only the familiar requisition

be selfevident, that all men are created that all officers shall take an oath closing equal, that they are endowed by their Crewith the declaration, "so help me God."

ator with certain unalienable Rights, that It may be in clauses like that of the conamong these are Life, Liberty, and the purstitution of Indiana, 1816, art. 11, page 4:

ROBERT MURRAY STEWART suit of Happiness.""We, therefore, the "The manner of administering an oath or

Representatives of the United States of affirmation shall be such as is most consistent the the conscience deponent, of with in Congress, Assembled, America, General live in Darkas yet People, toligion such shall the and esteemed solemn be the most to the appealing of Supreme Judge true the of Ignorance miserableness and in provisions appeal as such to God."intentions, of the for rectitude Or world our

and of God, may Worship andKnowledge in articles the are of the found in 36 do, of the and 37 Authority and by Name livSavages, Infidels the andin time bring rights the of of declaration constitution of of these Colonies, People solemnly good

Civility, and parts, to in those humaning it is the as "That, etc.; the Maryland, for (1867): declare,"publish and "And Government; DO, quiet settled andto a

by these our LettersPatents, graciously accept of, and agree to, their humble and THE NEW SUPREME COURT BUILDING wellintended Desires."WASHINGTON, D. C.

Language of similar import may be found colony, that of charterin the subsequent and Wmimim1611; and in 1609 thefrom same king,

the same is true of the various charters granted to the other colonies. In language

more or less emphatic is the establishment of the Christian religion declared to be one of the purposes of the grant. The celebrated compact made by the pilgrims in

the Mayflower, 1620, recites: "Having undertaken for the Glory of God, and Advancement of the Christian Faith, and the

Honour of our King and Country, a Voyage to plant the first Colony in the northern parts of Virginia; Do by these Presents,

solemnly and mutually, in the Presence of

God and one another, covenant and combine ourselves together into a civil Body

Politick, for our better Ordering and Preservation, and Furtherance of the Ends aforesaid."

The fundamental orders of Connecticut, under which a provisional government was instituted in 163839, commence with this declaration: "Forasmuch as it hath pleased

the Allmighty God by the wise disposition of his diuyne pruidence so to Order and dispose of things that we the Inhabitants and Residents of Windsor, Hartford, and

Wethersfield are now cohabiting and dwelling in and vppon the River of Conectecotte and the Lands thereunto adioyneing; And

well knowing where a people are gathered togather the word of God required that to mayntayne the peace and vnion of such people there should be an orderly and decent Gouerment established according to

God, to order and dispose of the affayres of the people at all seasons as occation shall require; doe therefore assotiate and

conioyne ourselues to be as one Publike

State or Comonwelth; and doe, for our

selues and our Successors and such as shall be adioyned to vs att any tyme hereafter, enter Confirmation and Confederation

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

fess faith in God the Father, and in Jesus bodies and most conventions with prayer;

Christ His only Son, and in the Holy the prefatory words of all wills, "In the

Ghost, one God, blessed for evermore; and name of God, amen;"the laws respecting

I do acknowledge the Holy Scriptures of the observance of the Sabbath, with the the Old and New Testament to be given general cessation of all secular business, by divine inspiration."and the closing of courts, legislatures, and

Even the constitution of the United other similar public assemblies on that day;

States, which is supposed to have little the churches and church organizations touch upon the private life of the indiwhich abound in every city, town, and vidual, contains in the first amendment a hamlet; the multitude of charitable organdeclaration common to the constitution of izations existing everywhere under Chrisall the states, as follows: "Congress shall tian auspices; the gigantic missionary asmake no law respecting an establishment of sociations, with general support, and aimreligion, or prohibiting the free exercise ing to establish Christian missions in every

the of quarter globe. These, and etc., thereof,"article in many also provides and of in to every duty such worship God man

matters other noticed, might add which be 1, provision to 7, (a page many common to thinks acceptable as manner most he unofficial the of declarations, to a volume shall constitutions ) the that executive have all entitled proare to equally persons Him, is of this that utterances organic mass a 10 excepted) within days (Sundays which tection in their liberty: religious wherefore,

all these, Christian nation. of the face In to will or determine whether approve he to ought, person law, molestno be any by

it shall that the of believed congress be a bill. a veto in his estate or of ed person account on

it to States intended misUnited make a is in declarathese dissonance There no his religious profession, or persuasion or this for to a country of church demeanor is tions. perlanguage a universal There for his state, safety the or of peace, or

for the services contract of Christian a all, vading meaning. them having one They shall injure infringe morality, of or the laws

> minister residing in another nation? is this religious affirm reaffirm that and a civil, their others natural, religious in or

rights; nor ought any person to be comnation. These are not individual sayings, Suppose, in the congress that passed this

pelled to frequent or maintain or contribute, declarations of private persons. They are act, some member had offered a bill which

unless on contract, to maintain any place organic utterances. They speak the voice in terms declared that, if any Roman Cathof worship or any ministry nor shall any of the entire people. While because of a olic church in this country should contract

person, otherwise competent, be deemed general recognition of this truth the queswith Cardinal Manning to come to this incompetent as a witness or juror on action has seldom been presented to the country, and enter into its service as pascount of his religious belief: provided, he courts, yet we find that in Updegraph v. tor and priest, or any Episcopal church

believes in the existence of God, and that, Com., 11 Serg. & R. 394, 400, it was deshould enter into a like contract with Canunder his dispensation, such person will be cided that, "Christianity, general Chrison Farrar, or any Baptist church should

held morally accountable for his acts, and tianity, is, and always has been a part of make similar arrangements with Rev. Mr.

be rewarded or punished therefor, either in the common law of Pennsylvania;... not Spurgeon, or any Jewish synagogue with

this world or the world to come. That Christianity with an established church and some eminent rabbi, such contract would

no religious test ought ever to be required tithes and spiritual courts, but Christianity be adjudged unlawful and void, and the as a qualification for any office or profit with liberty of conscience to all men."And church making it be subject to prosecuor trust in this state, other than a declaration in People V. Ruggles, 8 Johns. 290, 294, tion and punishment. Can it be believed

of belief in the existence of God; nor shall 295, Chancellor KENT, the great commenthat it would have received a minute of

the legislature prescribe any other oath of tator on American Law, speaking as chief approving thought or a single vote? Yet

office than the oath prescribed by this justice of the supreme court of New York, it is contended that such was, in effect, constitution."Or like that in articles 2 and said: "The people of this state, in common the meaning of this statute. The construc-

3 of part 1 of the Constitution of Massawith the people of this country, profess tion invoked cannot be accepted as corchusetts, (1708): "It is the right as well the general doctrines of Christianity as rect. It is a case where there was preas the duty of all men in society publicly, the rule of their faith and practice; and to sented a definite evil, in view of which the

and, and at stated seasons, to worship the scandalize the author of these doctrines is legislature used general terms with the purSupreme Being, the great Creator and Prenot only, in a religious point of view, exserver of the universe.... As the happitremely impious, but, even in respect to

the obligations to society, gross is a due ness of a people and the good order and * * * violation of decency and good order. preservation of civil essentially government

depend upon piety, religion, and morality, The free, equal, and undisturbed enjoyment and as these cannot be generally diffused of religious opinion, whatever it may be, through a community but by the institution and free and decent discussions on any of the public worship of God and of public religious subject, is granted and secured;

instruction in piety, religion, and morality: but to revile, with malicious and blasphemTherefore, to promote their happiness, and ous contempt, the religion professed by alto secure the good order and preservation most the whole community is an abuse of

of their government, the people of this that right. Nor are we bound by any

commonwealth have a right to invest their expressions in the constitution, as some legislature with power to authorize and have strangely supposed, either not to punrequire, and the legislature shall, from time ish at all, or to punish indiscriminately the to time, authorize and require, the several like attacks upon the religions of Mahomet towns, parishes, precincts, and other bodies or of the Grand Lama; and for this plain

politic or religious societies to make suitable reason, that the case assumes that we are provision, at their own expense, for the in- a Christian people, and the morality of stitution of the public worship of God and the country is deeply ingrafted upon Chrisfor the support and maintenance of public tianity, and not upon the doctrines or worProtestant teachers of piety, religion, and ship of those impostors."And in the famorality, in all cases where such provision mous case of Vidal V. Girard's Ex'rs, 2

shall not be made voluntarily."Or, as in How. 127, 198, this court, while sustainsection 5 and 14 of article 7 of the constiing the will of Mr. Girard, with its provitution of Mississippi, (1832): "No person sion for the creation of a college into

who denies the being of God, or a future which no minister should be permitted to state of rewards and punishments, shall enter, observed: "It is also said, and truly,

hold any office in the civil department of that the Christian religion is a part of the this state.... Religion, morality, and common law of Pennsylvania."

knowledge, being necessary to good govIf we pass beyond these mattersfo a i ernment, the preservation of liberty, and view of American life, as expressed by its A&rZaceur dtum.

the happiness schools, the laws, its of mankind, business, its customs, and and soFEDERAL HALL of education, shall means ciety, forever find be enrecogni- everywhere a clear itswe jAe Seat $f Goat guess this in state."couraged tion of truth. 22 the other by article Or matsame Among

of the constitution of Delaware, (1776): ters note the following: The form of an I{c -engraved an eogfatr, s ty Sidney J&.S?riifA

all required officers, which besides oath universally prevailing, an oath concluding of allegiance, to subscribe the with and appeal to make an the cusiTneSbGiety sf (MfSGond\ihi\eS the Almighty;

following declaration: "I, A. B., do protom of opening sessions of all deliberative

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

pose of reaching all phases of that evil; come forth even unto the land of promise, it now be truly said that after forty

thereafter, it is developed all unexpectedlyand choice other lands, above which was ushering years of progress and thethat thus the general employed language preserved which the for a had Lord God that generations we still in of newis to reach cases broad enough people; and acts righteous

which the whole history and life of the "And he had sworn in his wrath unto are a Christian nation? The answer

intenaffirmcountry could not been have still is that are a Chrisdoubtless the brother that Jared, should we whoso of is Ittionally legislated the against. duty this that possess land time promise from of trend tian the nation, although the courts,of circumstances, those under forever, should serve him, henceforth and true a worfrom to be away that,to the language say broad however the true or should only they and be seems God,

act, statute the be,of the although land, may ship the of of Jesus the God his the fullness swept wrath when off of is letter, intention the withinwithin the not Christ. should them. upon come

legislature, theof therefore cannot be and behold the decrees can "And now we of In view of the dire predictions it this land, that concerning is a landwithin the statute. God

The judgment will be reversed, and the of promise, and whatsoever nation shall contained in the foregoing prophecy, case remained for further proceeding in possess it, shall serve God, or they shall viz., that we shall be free from

accordance with this opinion."be swept off when the fullness of his wrath bondage, and from captivity, and

shall them. fullness the come upon And

his wrath cometh they from all other nations under heaven, upon them when'"The matter having been preof if the the serve but God of we will in iniquity; ripened to sented Court and are our Supreme

it beChrist, is land, Jesus who this behold "For is a land which is choice referredthe opinion handed down as a peoas nation as a all us and hooves lands; other above that wherefore heto, the decision the fundabecomes

it doth possess shall shall serve or God, the of ple, to the take to word heed will somental the of law land and it is be swept the everlasting defor off; it the that to keep see Lord and we

it is will until cree until fulness the notremain have Congress God. of And

adopted new laws abrogating and of iniquity among the children of the land, commandments of God, and that we setting aside the principles anthat they are swept off. teach our posterity to do likewise,

that expect this for otherwise may you, cometh unto "And we Genye O in decision, thenounced which new tiles, that the ye decrees know may ancient the of Amerof the prophecy shall been approved havelaws that repent, by God, ye not continue and may fulfilled our ican and be prophet will States, inthe President of iniquities until the United the your fulness come, or if by him vetoed, be repassed by that ye may not bring down the fulness of promise of freedom will be withtwo-thirdsa majority vote of both theitantswrathof theof Godland uponhath you,hithertoas thedone.inhabposterity,drawn andthroughwe, togetherdisobediencewith andourhouses of Congress.

It is of deep significance to Lattersoever"Behold,nationthisshallis a possesschoice land,it, shallandbewhatfree jectunrighteousnessto the rule of mayforeigners.become sub-r

day Saints to see how nearly the from bondage, and from captivity, and from foregoing decision conforms to the all other nations under heaven, if they will May it always and ever be that but serve the the of God Jesus land, who is has nation, which our land and our this of concerning thewords Lord Christ, hath who been manifested by highest officially by the decreed the been of possession, aschoice land our things which written."we havefound in the Book of Ether in the court of the land—the United StatesBook of Mormon, 2:6 to 12 inIt will be noted that the land, acSupreme Court—to be a Christian

clusive, which follows: cording to the Jaredite prophet, will nation, always be preponderantly

"And it came to pass that they did travbe a land of promise only to those Christian and righteous, so that the el in the wilderness, and did build barges, who serve the God of the land who agency and freedom of conscience in dictation which did cross they waters, without many to worship God is Jesus Christ. of the The decisionbeing directed continually of by the hand inherited, be the may which we have United deStates Supreme Courtthe Lord.

of our and our children of claring the its governheritage nation and the suffer that Lord "And would not genlast to the children children's ment to be Christian delivered wasthey stop should the the beyond sea in wilderness, but he would that they should more than forty years ago. Could eration.

LOS ANGELES STAKE CHALLENGES AGAIN

December 28, 1936.

"The Improvement Era,"50 No. Main St.,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dear Brethren:

AS a result of the indirect dare implied in the three paragraphs on

Page 4 of the latest "Improvement Era Digest,"dated December 9, 1936, we of the Los Angeles Stake have resolved to sell at least 1,000 "Eras"before the coming campaign concludes next April.

We are now in process of effecting elaborate plans to attain this end and our big drive will commence some time in February.

Instead of being unlikely it is likely that the total of 1,051 will be reached again, notwithstanding the fact that our stake has been divided since last year.

Kindest regards and with every good wish for the coming

New Year.

Yours very truly, GEORGE A. BAKER GEORGE A. BAKER,

Superintendent.

a. Alonzo hinckley \*7HOSE MONUMENT NOW, EVEN AS IT

VV WAS IN LIFE, IS A NOBLE FAMILY, THE

ESTEEM OF HIS FELLOW MEN, AND UNSELFISH SERVICE IN THE CAUSE OF

RIGHTEOUSNESS.

By JAMES H. WALLIS

is a glorious thing to live a life

ITfull of service to one's fellowmen;

replete with deeds of unselfish illness Elder Hinckley returned to ALONZO A. HINCKLEY

devotion to a righteous cause; brimSalt Lake in October. Though weak

ideal; builder, outstanding; as a community confinement, long he atfrom his with with activities, crowned ming

soul; as in gracious, a noble pure man, and of part of a tended Sunday session at all times successful achievements; friend, leader, exemplary; as a as a able and

illustrating a nobility of character the October, 1936, semiannual loyal and true; as an Apostle of the Lord,

that can be set before the youth as an Conference. It was his first public unwavering in his testimony of the living

'a Truly, a great prince and man for many months and Christ. rich in acts of appearance emulate; example to

this fallen day.'has also his last. cardinal the kindness; marked by his love out to and sympathy "Our go

virtues of truth, honesty, and courdevoted wife and upright family. May

age, coupled with rare mental attain- '"The First Presidency, as soon as the realization of their husband and father's his achieveof and many worthy Hinckley nobility death of the Elder lived ments. A. Hinckley Alonzo

to in this bring solace ments and peace them the following paid announced, a was such a life. away like He passed of hour bereavement."

beautiful ray of sunset, with an abidhigh tribute to his life of activity ing assurance of a glorious and briland service: His fellow associates of the Genliant sunrise upon the morrow. "We are deeply grieved this morning eral Authorities also joined in a pubThough he had been ill for a little over the passing of our beloved associate lic expression of their feelings, tesmore than a year, the death of Aposand fellow worker, President Alonzo A. tifying to the good life and loyal

service of their departed fellowla- tle Hinckley, Tuesday morning, DeseriousHinckley.was However,his ailment,havingwe realizeknownthat howit is

cember 22, 1936, came as a shock to only through the power of faith and Presborer.

his vast circle of friends and associident Hinckley's indomitable will that he President Grant presided at the last the twelve during with been had funeral services, which were held to the membership. ates Church and

grateful that are more. or usWe his in the Tabernacle, Thursday, Dein Calimonths spent a year having After thus probeen his ones has loved time with

fornia recuperating from a serious longed. cember 24. Speakers who paid

"Readiness to answer the final summons glowing tribute to Elder Hinckley's

A.TIMEA. HINCKLEYHE FILLED ANDA MISSIONHIS WIFETOABOUTHOLLAND.THE isready.everything;As a husbandand Presidentand fatherHinckleyhe waswas remarkablevotion to hisaccomplishmentsChurch, community,and deand family were: President Grant,

> P President McKay, Elders George

Albert Smith, Joseph Fielding Smith, and former Governor Charles R. Mabey.

At the conclusion of the impressive services, President Grant said:

"I have no hesitancy in saying that those who knew this man best loved him most, and that God loved him. The many kind

things that have been said here regarding him have not been overdrawn. There are

occasions when death comes that people speak only good of the deceased, and of course it is right that they should do this, but many times the praise is almost more than the person is entitled to. There has

not been a word said here today in praise of this man's integrity, honesty, and devotion to God and his religion, his family, his

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

at the April, 1 934, General Conference, when he bore a strong testimony to the value of following the counsels of those whom God has called and appointed to lead and direct the affairs of this Church.

Said he:

"It is fifty years ago today since I first took upon me the responsibility of the presidency of the deacons—fifty years of joy,

fifty years of walking safely in the footsteps of the leaders of this Church. For

fifty years I have been acquainted in a way with every president of the Church from

Brigham Young to Heber J. Grant, and

now with my hair white and my experience ripe, I testify that the path of safety is in following those whom God has called and appointed to lead the way and to carry responsibility in the Church. I testify they

are called of Him and that they lead by divine authority."

The following choice gem among the many truths in his discourses, has been left by President Hinckley:

ELDER HINCKLEY AND HIS THREE LIVING SONS "Our greatest sermon in every case, I think, is our manner of life. Do we testify

with our lives that we have found the truth,, that we love the truth, that we live the truth, and that the truth and the living of lives soul satistruth into our bring all pure, is friends, are his all state that living; grown; are are absolutely not and or elsewhere that clean, thefactions cannot found be

their true, purpose, all in is entitled fixed faithful, to he because the praise wholesome, other way?"in any

thai here."the has to Church. been spoken devoted and

"I come to one expression of regret

In of intimate a discourse, delivered period at the shortened the possibly President conDavid O. McKay's the of the contact members and with you April Conference, 1935, he relatedsoling fact, the address revealed un- I the have of Twelve. Council How following: the generally thrust to in that the people, with toknown and stand longed my you

as far back as November, 1935, sickle with my might and reap a harvest for "A few weeks ago I was permitted to could pass then you the on when Lord and attend conference. a stake a held They tolddoctors Elder Hinckley had

end.'to the valiantly say, 'He wrought I If priesthood meeting; into as and looked illness histhat be would for is fatal. it it will short hard cut be me now I thrilled. of the faces those 778 men, was

Thereupon he wrote to the First to avoid thinking 'What an unprofitable Seven hundred seventyeight men on a

Presidency of the Church, expressservant.'weekday evening, men who are busy making a feeling of resignation and re- "I discover my letter has reached undue ing their honest living, there assembled to

iterating his testimony to the resQuiteproportions.to the Itcontrary,also seemsI amto notbe gloomy.blue or bettercrated qualifyservice themselvesto the Lord!to Iofferthoughta conseas I

toration of the Gospel: despondent; I am prepared."looked at them, this is a sort of a vision of

President McKay read from the the strength and power and virility of this of the stake out hundred and Church,—one rich letter the manifested and Thisletter written Hinckley: Apostle by

I eleven! is thought: the of army What

faith Elder abiding Hinckley had I the it. at Lord? looked of a segment

faith to soul "This without be would a willhis I in his If it Father and multiply Heavenly eleven one hundred and by.. doleful indeed.

I will get this of glimpse some mighty will. army divine yield to ingness to His

I "I disturbed assure deeply not you. am bearing the holy Melchizedek men his—90,000 calling of divine in faith the His final results. the reconciledover and I am Priesthood, bearing 90,000 and young men

implicit just as I associates fellow was to reach Father hands take what my my the priesthood. Aaronic a.power! What

has for me, be it life or death. With a and unshaken. This he manifested And in this great group of 180,000 men,

spirit of thanksgiving, and I trust free from every man knows his file leader; and that

vanity or boastfulness, over the past I look satisfaction.with turn not I would the DAUGHTERS.MRS. HINCKLEY AND HER NINE LIVING sofile itleaderpasseslookson untilto anotheryou reachfiletheleader;Presidentand

leaf down on any chapter of my life. So

far as I know, I have honored my Heavenly Father with my time, my humble talents, and all the means that He has blessed me with and I have dealt justly with all men. I have fought, but I have fought

fairly. "As to the future, I have no misgivings.

It is inviting and glorious and I sense rather clearly what it means to be saved by the redeeming blood of Jesus Christ and to be exalted by his power and be with Him forevermore.

"My only concern is for the present.

Life is and ever has been sweet indeed to me. My wife, my eternal companion, has

been and is all in all to me. What a

mother! What a wife! For her I grieve.

The children are all right. Twelve of them

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

theof of Christ of Jesus Church Latterday responsibility that of Millard a him made John Stake,—Patriarch Saints, the the one only holds and man who life. battle wise general in the of at Fillmore, Millard Ashman, Counthe sealing the the of power and keys

priesthood."As a stake president, later as a misty, gave him an unsolicited patrision president, and, during the past archal blessing, in which he was told

A postle23, 1870,Hinckleyat CovewasFort,born Utah,April ofseveralTwelveyears,Apostles,as one ofElderthe CouncilHinckTwelvehe wouldApostles"be numberedof the Churchwith theof a son of Ira Nathaniel Hinckley and ley has given counsel and comfort Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

Angeline Noble, New Englanders, to many who have had occasion to The promise was so startling that who helped to pioneer Utah. His appreciate this advice for its true Elder Hinckley kept the blessing

ancestry is traced back to the early value. to himself and for many years no

settlers of the American Continent, For him life held its share of one knew of its contents except the who came in 1635. His father was sorrow and joy, hardships and hapPatriarch himself, and George A.

a prominent pioneer, and his mother piness, yet he arose from them all Seamen who was his first counselor was one of the first school teachers unscathed to become one of God's in the Stake Presidency and scribe in Salt Lake City, having taught in true noblemen. Behind the scenes at the home that this blessing was

the old First ward. Among her of his worthy accomplishments in given. When he was called to the

pupils was the mother of Maud life are found a loving wife and a apostleship he read the blessing to

Adams, worldfamed actress. large devoted family. They remain his family.

In 1867, Brigham Young called as a worthy monument to a life well Apostle Hinckley stands at the the father to Cove Creek to superlived and an example of his abiding head of a noble posterity. His good

vise the building of the fort there. faith. wife is the mother of fourteen chilElder Hinckley's early life was Of a quiet and unassuming disdren, twelve of whom are living,

spent in Cove Fort, his father movposition, he had at his command an two having died in childhood. In the

ing to Fillmore when appointed infinite store of wisdom gleaned order of their ages they are as folpresident of Millard stake in 1877. from years of wide experience. He lows: Lois, deceased; Dr. Harold

never yet sought they honors came Calif.; Alonzo, Hunford, Afton, graduate Fillmore of grammar A service. for as conscientious rewards Badger, Mrs. Holden, Utah; Frankschool UniverBrigham and Young exhibited sympathetic under- a T., He Hinckley, Utah; Mabel, Rulonsity, Elder school Hinckley taught

life of standing of the problems and City; Salt Burgoyne, Ivan Mrs. Lakefor in of years Deseret, a number advisor. constantly sought as an was Salt Mrs. Palmer, Lake Susannah county.Millard dairyman, a he As

City; City; Angeline, Salt Lake his fatheraided and carried on his

Irvine, pOLLOWiNG his release from the Ethel, Salt Stanley Mrs. Lake interests after hisstockraising faMillard stake presidency, Elder City; Mary, Mrs. Frank Craven,ther's death. Hinckley made his home for a short Salt Lake City; Arza A., Salt Lake

In 1892 he married Rose May time in Salt Lake City, laboring as City; Nellie, Mrs. Byron Jones, Los

Robison and lived in Deseret one a special worker in the Salt Lake Angeles; Beulah, Zina, both of Salt

year before moving to Hinckley, Temple, until his appointment as Lake; Benjamin, deceased. Harold

where he made his home. He left president of the California Mission. filled a four year mission to New

to 24, 1897, spendhome on July in the years Rulon, three Zealand; 3, 1934, October he was called On

inthree years a on Holland Arza, fill French Mission, two and of misto in the Council a vacancy sion. He was then the father of Twelve Apostles caused by the years in the Northwestern States.

three children with the near advent to Ivins President death of A, W. loved Hinckley A. Alonzo wasof another. striking rebore a very he whom of not reason honored, and only by Hinckley Elder served two terms or less semblance. Both more were distinctive his great heart and his

in representing Milthe legislature, spreadardent selfmade; both were personality, his rare of but because

lard county. When Charles R. Maers of the Gospel as missionaries and qualities of sincerity, courage, and

governor, elected he apbey was in presidents; mission both were of the candor. There was no element of state commissionerpointed him first as the stake presidency, one in his or of equivocation deception

agriculture. citizen of St. George stake, the other character. Frank, open, outspoken,

Elder Hinckley was chosen in as the first citizen of Millard stake; with reason and conscience for his

1902, at the age of 32 years, to both led wellbalanced lives with a guides, there was never any question succeed his father as president of hand in an amazing number of busabout where he stood on any issue the Millard Stake and presided over iness, economic, and industrial venof right and wrong. He was found

that stake until it was divided into tures; both were outdoor men. It is always firm and unyielding for the

the Millard and Deseret Stakes and a parallel that is at once striking and right, warm in his friendships, deephe became president of the latter. significant. rooted in his attachments, true to

In 1929 he was honorably released. While a member of the Council the interests of his Church and

of the leadership his long there of he visited Twelve manyThrough state; he commanded the love and as a father stakes of the Church. However, becameElder Hinckley

to the people in that section. He his continuing ill health in 1935 confidence of those with whom he

won their respect and admiration caused him to relinquish his active came in contact, and the respect through his sympathy and underduties and he spent most of the winand admiration of all who knew of standing. During his serious illness ter and summer of 19351936 on his life. His gains were never at

several months ago, these people the Pacific Coast recuperating from the expense of his soul. Truly

held a countywide day of fasting a serious ailment. could it be said of him:

and prayer in his behalf. When Apostle Hinckley was 33 "His life was gentle, and the elements so From his early youth Elder years of age,—the year following mixed in him, that nature might stand up

Hinckley had assumed positions of his being called to preside over the and say to all the world, 'This was a man',"

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

PADDY, AND A WINTER cJhe Story of [Posey, JLast

WICKIUP NEAR BLANDING.

LPah - Lite d/uMaw By ALBERT R. LYMAN

with rising wrath, Kit ago. century Carson than half a when The up and down

into Fe, Mexico, Santa themTHEroundedSTORYup theTHUSNavajosFAR: andMoredrove to mother paced back New and grandmother

keep them there in the "bullpen"for three years, a disaffected handful of Pah'and forth in terrible anxiety all day their tribe and River northUtes broke Juan from of the San away took and sat by the dim fire or lay awake territory. camepossession Navajos the Mountain Navajo in Navajo of When

back these PahUte renegades refused to vacate the Navajo country and bad at night, dreading what might hapblood resulted. Sowagerie (Posey), the central character of this story, was a pen or had happened to their boy.

child of one of the PahUte renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy\. Sometimes he rode in suddenly on

Bitseel, a son of the ousted Navajos, was Posey's most bitter enemy. Frequent the lope, snatched a bite of someparties tribesraiding the killing between of and plundering the two and unthing to eat, got a fresh horse and travelers, thatsuspecting resulted in complications cattlemen, ranchers, forced and

the PahUte deserters to rejoin their tribe. In the midst of this tense situation in went, they knew not where. In his

1879 a colony of Mormons was sent down to settle the San Juan country, largely fury he swore he would never stop for the purpose of improving relationships with the Indians. Thales Haskel was till he killed Neepooch, and Needialect psychology.their chief in Indian and man skilled interpreter—a But the pooch swore he would go till he killother to prey PahUtes continued and andNavajos upon each upon the Mormon

settlement. The feud between Posey and Bitseel continued, in gambling games ed Paddy.

and in subtle and secret warfare. The PahUtes engaged in two particularly Sometimes the two desperate

bloody skirmishes in which ranchers, cowboys, and soldiers were killed, plunwomen saw nothing of their young dered, and burned. Drunk with blood and plunder, they moved their goods brave for days and weeks at a time.

retreat, to anticipating the approach a mountain progenyand of white avengers They grew wild with anguish and last indiscreetly themselves but the avengers deed allowedfor their of violence, to be outmaneuvered, and further PahUte victories resulted. During this feared he would never come back.

emergency the renegade son, Sowagerie, was momentarily separated from the (Continued on page 122) tribe with Toorah, little sister of Poke, the PahUte leader. This brief interlude

marked the beginning of a smoldering romance that caused Sowagerie bravely to change his name to Posey and vainly dress himself in fine clothes, braid his hair, and put on war paint. This interest in his little sister, however, was relentlessly

disapproved by Poke, who looked upon the "apostate"Posey as "skunk,"and so referred to him. The PahUte tribe, loosely organized at best, broke up into

factions when a common enemy was not threatening. During one such period

of disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, disappeared with her brothers and all Posey's searchings for her were vain. Finally, Posey consulted Thales

Haskel and was told his luck would improve if he quit lying, stealing and marauding. Doubtfully, and as a last resort, Posey did try the suggested remedy

halfheartedly. Mysteriously one night in an isolated place he heard Toorah's

voice and saw her footprints, but was rewarded with no sight of her.

Chapter VIII—A New Trail. per stole his horses the third time,

spurned all offers of peace and struck his cousin with a thick club, leaving fl bitter quarrel flared himand declaredfor dead,warPaddyto thetookdeath.his gun

up between Paddy and his cousin, Old Peeage, wellknown and

Neepooch Grasshopper. When much loved as Moochotire, by the

Neepooch had robbed the Mormons people of Bluff, was grandmother till he found them guarding everyto both the boys. From the time of

thing he turned to prey on some of Paddy's birth she had lived with Solhis people, and since Paddy, Soldiercoat's squaw, her daughter, and diercoat's son, was a fatherless boy, Paddy was as her very own child,

Neepooch took him for easy game, while Neepooch, son of another

Paddy forgave the first offense daughter, was quite a stranger. TYPICALEl K MOUNTAIN,GROVE NEARSAN KIGALYJUAN COUNTY,SPRING,and the second. When GrasshopThe two boys hunted each other UTAH.

Abraham LINCOLN <*ifjyhf OBJECT PARAMOUNT IS By JUDGE IN THIS STRUGGLE

TO SAVE THE UNION."DANIEL

THE 12th day of February, HARRINGTON 1809, 128 years ago, in a logON cabin in Harden County, Kentucky, a baby boy was born to awaken the hopes of his parents,

Thomas and Nancy Hanks Lincoln, even in those primitive surroundings.

That child was Abraham Lincoln.

True he was not literally born in a stable and cradled in a manger, but his surroundings were almost as humble as those surrounding the

Babe of Bethlehem. Yet in spite of

this humble birth, what a work for good Providence had marked out for him.

I need not pause here to recount the early struggles and vicissitudes of the future President: the migration of the family to Indiana; the

death and burial of the noble mother when the boy was but nine years old; the removal of the boy with his

father and family to Illinois; the ABRAHAM LINCOLN, BY GUTZON BORGLUM,

experience of the youth as a flatCOURTHOUSE PLAZA, NEWARK, NEW JERSEY.

boatman down the Ohio and MisJudge Daniel Harrington, sissippi rivers to New Orleans; his churchman, jurist and stuapology saying among other things,

postexperience as storekeeper and "that the President views with alarm dent, presents herewith a brief studiesmaster Salem and his this at New incident."paper the Before

of surveying, grammar, history un- [or the great American, Abrawas sent to Her Majesty's governder adverse conditions; his first elecham Lincoln, who held patriotment it was handed to the President

tion to the State Legislature. These ism before politics, and prinfor approval. He struck out the

as well as the many instances of selfciple before convenience. statement "views with alarm"and

abnegation may all be readily resubstituted the words, "the Presicalled. dent regrets."This diplomatic reply

In taking what might be called a stroy the Union while I shall have together with the consent of the perspective view of the career of a most solemn one to maintain, proPresident to release the imprisoned

Lincoln and deducting therefrom the tect, and defend it."envoys, averted probable war with

philosophy of his life, as it appears Despite these pleas for conciliaEngland.

both in his private and public extion the majority of the Southern perience it is manifest that Justice chieftains determined to secede, thus Tn the month of August, 1862, was his guiding star. The adage: war was inevitable. Lincoln's wisdom and sagacity

"For Justice all places a temple and As the war progressed, questions were put to one of the severest tests all seasons summer,"seemed alof great importance both domestic as the welfare of the Union required ways to guide his course. and foreign arose on all sides. To him to answer an open letter by

In his first inaugural in a plea meet these required almost superHorace Greeley, published in The characterized by both logic and human wisdom and patience. His Neiv York Tribune. The answer

pathos he used the memorable common sense, good humor, and pafollows and it well shows that it met words, "In your hands my dissatistience served him well at all times. the needs of the hour and completely

fied fellow citizens and not in mine Two instances illustrate this. At undermined the impatience of Horrests the issue of Civil war. You the time Mason and Slidell, two conace Greeley:

can have no conflict unless you yourfederate envoys, were taken off the Executive Mansion selves are the aggressors. Can eneEnglish sailing vessel, Trent, an inWashington, Aug. 22, 1862.

mies make treaties better than cident which threatened to bring "Hon. Horace Greeley:

friends can make laws? You have Great Britain in war against the "Dear Sir:

no oath registered in heaven to deNorth, Secretary Seward wrote an "I have just read yours of the 19th,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

addressed to myself through The the Gettysburg classic, equals this astute adversary, the little giant of

New York Tribune. If there be in letter. Illinois.

it any statements or assumptions The importance of this letter is Another instance of Lincoln's apof fact which I may know to be errofurther shown when it is recalled plied wit was a statement at one of neous, I do not, now and here, conthat about this time Lincoln himself the debates when he said: "These

trovert them. If there be in it any had said, that the influence of the plausible statements of Judge Douginferences which I believe to be Tribune was worth 75,000 men in las by which he attempts, in effect,

falsely drawn, I do not, now and the field. to make a horsechestnut look like

here, argue against them. If there Any review of Lincoln's life, how- a chestnut horse, cannot mislead us

be perceptible in it an impatient and ever brief, would not be complete from our course."

dictatorial tone, I waive it in deferwithout mentioning the fine gift of Again, in his terse way, Lincoln ence to an old friend whose heart I wit and humor that was always at undermined Douglas on an imporhave always supposed to be right. his side. It has been well said that tant issue of the day. The little

"As to the policy I 'seem to be where there is no humor there is giant, it seems, was wont to advopursuing', as you say, I have not dearth of vision. However, without cate his doctrine of Squatter's Sovmeant to leave any one in doubt. recalling a number of the wellereignty at the same time defending

"I would save the Union. I would known anecdotes of the President, I the Dred Scott decision. Lincoln

save it the shortest way under the think the two best showing his gift very aptly showed this inconsistency

Constitution. The sooner the naat repartee and wit are the ones by saying, "Thus, Judge Douglas is

tional authority can be restored, the aimed at his political opponent, asserting that a thing may be lawnearer the Union will be 'the Union Stephen A. Douglas. It seems that fully driven out from a place where

as it was.'If there be those who at one of the jointdebate meetings it has a lawful right to be."

would not save the Union unless held between the two statesmen, Lincoln's name has come to be they could at the same time save Douglas had twitted Lincoln about synonymous with patience, moralslavery, I do not agree with them. a letter alleged to have been written ity, and abstemiousness. His scorn

If there be those who would not save to the President of the United for the user of subterfuge and his the Union unless they could at the States, in which the pronoun "I"had devotion to the good of the greatest same time destroy slavery, I do not been written with a small "i". Linnumber have made him worthy of

agree with them. My paramount coln in his rejoinder to this said, "I the emulation of countless people

object in this struggle is to save the admit that I wrote some such letter, who throughout the world have

Union, and is not either to save or but I was writing to the President of taken him as an ideal.

to destroy slavery. If I could save the United States. I wanted to be It was a truly significant statethe Union without freeing any slave, as humble as possible, but if I had ment which has been borne out by

I would do it; and if I could save it been writing such a letter to Stephen succeeding generations that Secreby freeing all the slaves, I would do A. Douglas I would have made the I tary Stanton made when he stood by

it; and if I could save it by freeing so large that it would have reached the marytr's bedside on the morning

some and leaving others alone, I clear to the top of the page."of his death and exclaimed: "Now

would also do that. What I do Thus it will be seen how comhe belongs to the ages."

about slavery and the colored race, pletely he turned the tables on his LINCOLN MEMORIAL, WASHINGTON, D. C.

I do because I believe it helps to save the Union; and what I forbear, I forbear because I do not believe it

would help to save the Union. I

shall do less whenever I shall believe what I am doing hurts the cause, and

I shall do more whenever I shall believe doing more will help the cause.

I shall try to correct errors when shown to be errors, and I shall adopt new views so fast as they shall appear to be true views.

"I have here stated my purpose according to my view of official duty;

and I intend no modification of my oftexpressed personal wish that all men everywhere could be free.

"Yours, "A. LINCOLN."

The letter disarmed growing unrest. It did more, it reassured the

people that they had a clearheaded leader at the helm. It showed, moreover, that as a rhetorician and as a

user of effective English he was equal, if not superior, to the foremost editor of the day.

It may well be said that nothing

Lincoln ever wrote or said, not even

Lorenzo Snow How found GOD By LeROI C. SNOW

Of the Church Historian's Office

H<fowhim?do menLorenzofind Snowgod, thathas lefttheyusmightthis inforknow

mation ABOUT HIS OWN EXPERIENCE AND IN HIS OWN WORDS.

mony"to which they refer? Sometion of his experiences which culmithing miraculous has come into their nated in this "perfect knowledge."

hearts and minds. Here are more:

LORENZO SNOW "I have received a testimony of Lorenzo Snow Sees the Prophet the truth of the Gospel. I will glory for the First Time

life life."is this eternal, might that they in it the "And rest of my first Smith, time I Joseph saw *""Phe the true thee Jesus only God, andknow a glorious privmission was "My of Lord, the the Prophet I wasChrist, sent,"hast thou whom

ilege. I found God. I hope to be seventeen years of age. It was in

It of rest the fall faithful year. devoted in the the of and was 1831, my find that they God, do men

to hold a that going he rumored life."wasHow might Him? Thouknow in County, meeting Portage Hiram, joy! enthusiasm! Supreme What familes four from about Ohio, my of sands and young men spirituality! knowlDivine Glorious

I ther's born home, and where was testify that they foundwomen God edge! stoup. brought heard Having many to while learnedand know Him

tell of people these young ries curiosity him, conWhile about was my field. inserving mission the The

I I this receiving siderably thought of "finding aroused and and God,"is testithisresult a of knowledge this of take opporadvantage tell just would not "testimony,"they do truth Gospel. of the of themony tunity him. see to hear Accordand of the process about, it came how their enthusiof are Here some ingly, of in the with some company it just its or was development, howastic expressions: family, father's of I rode members my received. "I have enjoyed my labors very over to Hiram in our carriage.

much and have gained a wonderful Lorenzo Snow does give this in- "When we reached there the people testimony of the Gospel. It has been formation about his own experience were already assembled in a small

the happiest two years of my life."and in his own words. At twentybowery; there were about two hundred

"Words cannot express my aptwo years of age, just a hundred and fifty or two hundred people prespreciation for the privilege I have years ago now, he "found the Lord"had the past twentysix months. I and received his testimony. He has WHEREEAST BRANCH,LORENZOCHAGRINSNOW WASRIVER,BAPTIZED.KIRTLAND,THE

have thoroughly enjoyed my work, given a clear and complete descripKIRTLAND TEMPLE IS SEEN IN THE DISTANCE.

gained a testimony, and my sincere desire is to live worthy of the Priesthood I hold."

Many of these young people could not have made such statements before they went into the mission field.

Something has come into their lives which they had not felt or known before. "My mission was one of the greatest blessings of my life and I hope

I may ever retain the spirit of it and some time go again."

"I am grateful to my Father in

Heaven for this splendid opportunity. I wish that every young man

in the Church could have the same opportunity that has enriched my life."What is this great change that has come into the lives of these young people? What is the "testi82

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

then I turned to my sister and said:

'Joseph Smith is a most remarkable man; I want to get better acquainted

with him. Perhaps, after all, there is

something more to Joseph Smith and to Mormonism than I have ever dreamed.;

"Accordingly, the next time I saw the Prophet was at his own house in

Kirtland following his invitation to me to take dinner with him. I remember

this meeting and conversation as if it were but yesterday. He sat down at

one end of the table and I sat next to him. Eliza sat on the other side.

He seemed to have changed considerably in his appearance since I first saw him at Hiram, four and a half in years before. very ready was He

PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH'S HOME IN KIRT- "I was not at that time what might lost conversation, apparently had andLAND, OHIO.

be called a religious boy, but I was that reserve and diffident feeling that

I in interested heard and saw what to before. he was have seemed Heent. the about heard something I had in there. other being busy However, in free his conversation with and easy

felt Prophet and some"Mormon"it directions, out measurably passed feel at perfectly me, making home meanxiety for to see judge him and myuntil or four three of some mind my I felt free fact, in his In presence. as

self, as to generally believed he was later. completing After years my if special with as been him had we false a prophet.be meeting had The I studies classical at Oberlin College friends years. for very was Healready Smith and commenced Joseph continue to to Kirtland study went my familiar.

in standing of the Father doorwas Seixas. Dr. of Joshua with Hebrew "I perfectly acquainted with became into the house,Johnson's looking bowhis sat at Prophet, the Smith, Josephery people. addressing the and

frequently, conhad and many critical as table "I examination a made

I joined versations him. with had his histo his dress, appearance, and

class, Professor Seixas'which Hebrew I as speak. heardmanner him was He

for to principal reason was coming my of twentyfiveonly years age and was

I Kirtland. attending high also wasnot, at that called time, be what would

in school the preparing temple and fluenta speaker. remarks were His

unifor college myself eastern or some principally hisconfined to experiown versity. professor of the by name Aences, especially of visitation the the

angel, giving a strong and powerful Haws was teaching us. Wilford Woodruff and other brethren attendedtestimony in regard these marvelous to

this school.

manifestations. bore his simply He

testimony to what the Lord had mani- "I listened to the teaching of the fested to him, to the dispensation of Gospel and received these truths with the Gospel which had been commitan open heart. I was determined not

ted to him, and to the authority that to rest there. I was exceedingly

he possessed. At first he seemed anxious to know without doubt that

a little diffident and spoke in rather a Joseph Smith was a true prophet."

bebutlow voice, proceeded as he he First Experience With the strong powerful, LE ROI C. SNOW verycame and and Patriarch

seemed to affect the whole audience "It Sunday, 5, was June (1836), feeling thatwith the honest he was I in after Kirtland arriving "Soon I after in Kirtabout arrived a week It sincere. certainly influencedand me sister, Eliza. the street with on was my I first land, that Smith. Father saw He thisin impressions and made upon way in along. Smith was came Joseph He blessing patriarchal holding a was until that the present day. remainme just long great hurry stopped a and meeting, in at the Kirtland Temple, I listened, looked upon him "As and to shake introduced and be enough fifteen perthere twelve or which were to thatI thought myself bearing a man sister to hands. turned and He my I present. to sons searching then was did,such a as testimony wonderful he 'Eliza, said: bring brother over your in truth there whether any know was as having such countenance aand dinner.'the to then he to She house was I experienced never Mormonism. hadpossessed, false could hardly a be his his at teaching boarding and home

prophet. CINCINNATI HALL (SLAB could not have HALL) TEMPORARY He certainly school. private left us he I watched As OF OBERLIN COLLEGE, ATTENDED tobeen deceived, me, and it seemed I see could as far as him and QUARTERS him just SNOW. BY LORENZO

if he was a deceiver he was deceiving the people knowingly; for when he testified that he had had a conversation

with Jesus, the Son of God, and had talked with Him personally, as Moses talked with God upon Mount Sinai, and that he had also heard the voice of the Father, he was telling something that he either knew to be false or to be positively true.*

*There for the first time I heard his voice. When I heard his testimony in regard to what the Lord had revealed to

him, it seemed to me that he must be an honest man. He talked and looked like

an honest man. He was an honest man.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

anything supernatural, with one slight seriously sick Father Smith would be exception, and I did not know that called for, whether it was night or anything supernatural had ever ocday. He was as noble and generous

curred among the children of men. I a man as I have ever known....

had heard Methodists, Presbyterians, "At the first sight, his presence imand others relate their experiences, but pressed me with a feeling of love and

I thought I could attribute all they said reverence for him. I had never before

to natural causes. It was hard for me seen age so prepossessing. Father THE BIG TENT, WHICH WAS "PUT UP"SUNDAYS ONLY FOR OBERLIN COLLEGE SACRED inthe Patriarch,to Smith, was be convinced that there could be Joseph

SERVICES. as manof aged manifestations extraordinary noble specimensuch deed a

I saw exhibited in visiting the temple hood. pulpit just before the meeting closed

and listening to the testimonies of per- "He surprised me when he said, and said: 'A young man by the name

sons and hearing the extraordinary ac- 'Don't worry, take it calmly and the of Lorenzo Snow wishes to be bapcounts of what the Lord had maniLord will show you the truth of this tized, and Brother John Boynton (who fested to them. great latterday work, and you will was then one of the Twelve Apostles

"It was at my sister's invitation that want to be baptized.'... I studied will baptize him.'After the meeting I

I attended this meeting conducted by the principles... I heard the Prophet was baptized in the stream that ran

Father Smith. I listened with astonishdiscourse upon the grandest of subthrough Kirtland, and I was confirmed

ment to him telling the brethren and jects. At times he was filled with the by Hyrum Smith who, with some

sisters their parentage, their lineage, Holy Ghost, speaking as with the voice others, laid hands upon me.

and other things which I could not of an archangel and filled with the "I received no special manifestation help but believe he knew nothing about, power of God, his whole person shone at that time, but I was perfectly satissave as the Spirit manifested them unto fied that I had done what was wisdom him. After listening to several patrifor me to do under the circumstances.

archal blessings pronounced upon the I had studied the scriptures and was heads of different individuals with convinced that the Gospel as preached whose history I was acquainted, and by the Latterday Saints was in acof whom I knew the Patriarch was cordance with that taught by the Son entirely ignorant, I was struck with of God and by His Apostles in former astonishment to hear the peculiarities days.

of those persons positively and plainly "A peaceful, good spirit came upon referred to in their blessings. I was me that I had never experienced beconvinced that an influence, superior fore, and I felt satisfied at the sacrifice

to human prescience, dictated his I had made. Since then I have been

words.... ashamed to call it a sacrifice, but at

"After this meeting, my sister introthat time it was a sacrifice to me, beduced me to him, and in the course of cause I could see that it would change the conversation remarked: he 'Why,

IN THE JOHNSON HOMEBrother called Snow (he me Brother HIRAM, OHIO, WHERE myall mywholeworldlyfutureprospectsand perhapsand destroyaspira1831-32. LIVED, JOSEPH SMITH

Snow, although I had not been baptions, besides being a great disappointtized, I did that not and ever know to relatives friends. ment and my it until his lightened face and was 'I said, be), worry,'would not he do of the rethe promise "Although driven the of whiteness as the appeareddiscover that trying to are underyou ception of not the did imGhost Holy

... Finally prayers were snow. mystand the principles of Mormonism,'I baptism, follow mediately when my I the of convinced answered and was I'Yes,'replied, 'that object the was it, its realization receive did was more sufficiently truth to to be bapwantI in view,'he, 'Well,'had said 'do not perfect, tangible miraculous than and for tized myself get to a knowledgeworry, satisfy but to the pray Lord and strongest led hopes even had me my the that of Smith testimony Josephyourself; the matter study over, comanticipate. to

... seen had God. thepare scriptures are with what "I we before the went and Lord made investigations,""In Lorenzo myteaching; talk that brethren the with 'if this 'covenant'that the with Him, in his journal, the writes "of Snow are with, acquainted afteryou a and of the gives truth testimony a Lord me principles the taught Latterday by willtime that be convinced you "Mordirect Himself, from of Mormonism,

I Saints, comparison, proved, which by is of willmonism"be and you God, I life will entire to the devote my in to as the those mentioned be same...baptized.'.. its truths.'glorious of promulgation Christ taught the Testament by New seeing Father as "Anyone Smith he after baptism, two weeks "Some my I thoroughly Apostles, His and wasthen appeared old having of read and I usual, retired of at the as close day, printo those that obedience convinced in scriptures, theFather Abraham for secret in prayer, short a grove a

ciples impart miraculous powers, would... to that think apt Father bewould Smith lodgings. distance from my revelations. manifestations and like deallooked a good must lips in Abraham "I sooner opened no had my in 19, 1836, the Sunday, June "On I is least, at that looked;have I effort what to pray, than heard a an sound

in arose the Kirtland Temple, Joseph Ithought. that not do any just rustling know like man the head, above my

among the Saints was more loved than COLONIAL HALL, OBERLIN COLLEGE, ATTENDED of silken robes, and immediately the

Father Smith; and when any one was BY LORENZO SNOW. Spirit of God descended upon me in

power, completely enveloping my whole person, filling me, from the crown of my head to the soles of my feet, and O, the joy and happiness I felt! That will never be erased from

my memory as long as memory endures. It came upon me and enveloped

my whole system....

"I then received a perfect knowledge that God lives, that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, of the restoration of the Holy Priesthood, that Joseph the (Concluded on page 105) x CATTELLBy NANCY s DIAMONDS HARTFORD

J Iewis Avery brought his smart roadster to a sliding stop in AND front of Denver's finest jewelry store.

The girl at his side raised surprised blue eyes to his. AN "I thought you were taking me

home!''His hand closed over hers.

"I am. But first I'm going to put OPALthat diamond ring on your finger,

Janet Ferril."

"How do you know I'll like the [N WHICH AN OLD SUone you've picked out?"she smiled r PERSTITION IS COMup at him teasingly. DISPOSED PLETELY OF BY TWO "I don't,"he smiled back. "That's IN TOLD SHE THOUGHT YOUR LOVE. MOTHER PEOPLE ME WHERE YOUNG I'm bringing here towhy see it. you I'VE JUST TO YOU. GOT TO TALK YOU WERE.

I HAVE THIS DANCE?If you don't like the one I've chosen, MAY

there are lots of others. Only I do Fer- "Here, Miss look "Will here!"Janet, you please show Tom fits, you'llhope take one that so you ril at the solitaire looking yeshad out holding come up and I was was I outcan walk it on. with want

everyone at the dance tonight to terday? We're in a bit of a rush."to her on the palm of his hand a

know!"Tom stared at Janet. "Are you ring set with six small diamonds and

"Silly!"she laughed, but it was a ringthe girlfor? he'sArebeenyou andlookinghe—?"at that anhave."opal. "Here's the ring you shouldgratified, little laugh. happy

and nodded. She smiled She gave him a quick look of un- "Sure, I'm silly. And proud of he stared at Lewis. "Conderstanding. Thenit!"

gratulation's!"He gave Lewis a "You're right, Tom. How perIhe tall, broadshoul- friendly slap on the back, and turned fect!"

dered, blond, young man, who to Janet. She put the circlet on her finger.

looked more like a football player "Your ring is in the case at the far It fitted perfectly. The opal apthan a clerk, came forward casually, end of the store."He tucked his peared to become alive as she held

smiling perfunctorily, as the two enarm through hers and led the way, it out for Lewis to see.

tered the jewelry store. Lewis trailing them. "Don't you love it, Lewis? It's

"Good afternoon, Mr. Avery. "Your hand, please."Tom slipthe one I want."

the—"You've broughtHe stoppedthe deadlady stillto seefor pedtakenonfromher thefingercase.the "Itringis hea gorhad eyes"But,"were Lewistroubled,frowned,"I.. and. I. his..

an instant as he recognized Janet. geous stone! But"he studied the It doesn't look like an engagement

With a bound he was at her side. small hand critically as she examring!

"Janet! Janet Ferril! How ined from many angles the perfect "That's one of the reasons I adore

when?"diamond, "I think the stone is a little it! It's different. Oh, please may

He drew her authoritatively aside, large for your hand. How do you I have it?"

while Lewis stood awkwardly by. feel about it, Avery?""Of course, you know you can

After an embarrassing delay Janet "Looks all right to me,"barked have anything you want that I can beckoned to her fiance. Lewis. give you. Only I... I... I

"Lewis, I want you to know my Tom scowled disapprovingly at wish it were a solitaire."

very good friend, Tom Malone. I the ring. Then his face lighted up.;;why?"

at school I'veknew him a minute. "Excuse a at the Y. Mr. me "Oh."no particular reason

... frontMalone, to the Avery."thought!"Mr. dashed He only—...

"Pleased to meet you,"growled of the store, leaving the two alone, "Then I may have it?"

Lewis in anything but a pleased "It surely is a beautiful stone,""Sure thing."

tone. Janet said, posing her hand. "But The bewitching and shy "thank "It was the surprise of my life to it does seem a little large—you"she flashed as her eyes met

have Janet walk into this store,"said "I don't think it's a bit too large!"his, more than repaid him for conTom. "I had no idea she was in Lewis was glowering. "I want it quering the impulse to insist on the

town. I thought she was still away!"large! The larger the better, so solitaire.

He started to converse with her everybody can see a block away how Seated again in the roadster on again, but Lewis said stiffly: much I think of you."(Continued on page 121)

B. SUSAN ANTHONY Her personality and friendships

By ANNIE WELLS CANNON 4t TN THE ENJOYMENT OF OUR MANY PRIVILEGE'S, IT IS WELL TO REMEMBER WITH

REVERENCE OUR OBLIGATIONS TO THE WOMEN

OF THE PAST."

\\lirriHAT is our great happiness out discrimination because of color, creed, or sex, she suffered ridicule of life—to add to our high

persecution; stones had and and

B. LAST PICTURE OF THE ANTHONY acquaintances,"SUSAN wrote Em10, IN FEBRUARY TAKEN 1906. HER HAND at things noxious smelling hurlederson, the philosopher. Fiftyeight IN HOLDS SHE PURSE THE WAS WHICH $86, heckled meetings at her was GIFT OF THE ROCHESTER WHICH SHE WOMEN, ofyears service to the of her; women CONTRIBUTED TO THE SUFFRAGE OF CAUSE picture ridiculed and in word andAmerica recognized last year was IN OREGON.

by the government of the United by the public and the press. In all

distressing these years she never inStates the of issuance the Susan ognition advancement. and Her

dignity selfcontrol; lost her or she stamp. memorialB. Anthony great heart out The went to all women

in her never she purpose; waveredfifteenth of February the marks in anthe professions. trades She and compromises, couragno but madeniversary of the birth of this patriin for believed equal equal wage carried fearlessly eously and

itotic fitgirl woman, and as. seems most factory on. work. was The

fact, this Lippincott Mrs. Anentting to recall of instances her some foras her concern more much her

at the said (Grace Greenwood) sister.colorful career and magnificent tunate Miss Anthony was

in great held Congress of Womenachievements. especially interested in creating

"I in 1888, honor the galaxy of great all better Among conditions standwom- Washington and raising

I but the pioneer leaders make myen, not only acquaintclasses. who became ards for the working

B. to Anthony. She Susan Salaamances, but friends to the Latterday great in speThe women leaders the others, than has dared no more B.Saint women, Susan cial lines of activity Anthony rallied around

stands supreme. but she has been compelled to enher and sought her counsel and her

Lucretia dure disarmmore. Mott of the present generThe help. women Elizabeth StanCady With opposition ed rude sweet her byation, with all avenues of education called Lucretia Mott, and who

serenity, Stanton Mrs. to occupationand first them, open can Quaker suffrage by tonthe at convention Senscarcely comprehend how difficult her comfortable look of mothereca Falls, she joined forces and

was the task of the pioneers, who hood; while Miss Anthony has askpledged her fealty in 1851; among

quarter none; received no andbroke barriers through the there and ed a sisterly them was always

first the to last she from has beenopened affection. day and a clear up a new that time it was From

way for women. The changes the target for the slings and arrows of Miss Anthony's leadership, organyears have wrought have not been outrageous journalism."Grace izing ability, and creative powers,

without sacrifice and struggle; in Greenwood was one time editor of which animated the forces of the

the enjoyment of our many priviGodey's Ladies'Book and Washsuffrage cause throughout the long leges, it is well to remember with ington correspondent of the New years. Then there were Clara Barreverence our obligations to the York Tribune. ton of the Red Cross, Frances Wilwomen of the past. Miss Anthony's aim from the first lard, temperance advocate; Lucy

Through her own active exerwas to have an amendment to the Stone, Julia Ward Howe, May tions, coupled with her love for huConstitution of the United States Wright Sewell, all working for manity, Miss Anthony created for enfranchising the women. She never higher education; Kate Waller

herself a national and international lost that thought in all her arduous Barrett of the Florence Crittendon reputation as a wise and valiant duties. "Failure is impossible,"was Home movement, and so on down

leader. The women of America acone of her frequent phrases, re- a long list of women each one

claim her as a great emancipator; peating these words even in her last interested in some special cause

her service comparable only to martalk at a convention in Baltimore seeking her aid. She called them

tyrs, who forgetting self, consider just a few weeks before her death. her girls and would say "Wait,

no sacrifice too great to attain a Miss Anthony knew no class disgirls, and all join forces for the sufrighteous end. tinction but gave sympathetic supfrage amendment and with the powEarly in her career in the cause of port whenever and wherever she er of the ballot we can accomplish,

equal rights for all mankind, withfound women making effort for recall these worthy things."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

Miss Anthony's first acquaintpreside at a department meeting, she fore congressional committees and ance with the Utah women was turned to one of her assistants and introduced them to many influential in 1870, when in company with said, "Go get one of the Mormon people.

Mrs. Stanton and Dr. Mary Walkwomen, they all know how to pre- A National Suffrage Convention

er she came to Utah to learn at side,"(a compliment, indirectly, to was being held at that time in the first hand the "success or failure"those who know, to the training in capital to which the Utah women as the case might be, of the exerthe auxiliary organizations.) were delegates. They were invited

cise of the elective franchise by This visit was the beginning of to seats on the platform and given women. She was perfectly delight- a voluminous correspondence with place on the program. When Mrs.

ed with her reception here, and notthe Utah women and a lasting Wells made her report of the work ed with surprise and satisfaction friendship between Miss Anthony in Utah, Miss Anthony embraced the advancement and progress of and Mrs. Kimball, Emmeline B. her before that large audience of

the Mormon women. Like many Wells, Emily S. Richards, Susa notable women, as she said, "We

others who came from the far east Young Gates and others. are all happy to meet women who

she had heard strange and untrue In 1879 Mrs. Emmeline B. can vote. We have worn threadbare

stories about the Latterday Saints, Wells, accompanied by Mrs. Zina the axiom 'Taxation without reprebut she had an open mind and was Young Williams, was sent to sentation is tyranny,'now here are

herself without prejudice. Her adWashington to memorialize Contwo women from a territory where

miration and pleasure were quite gress in behalf of their people. This such tyranny does not exist."There

-genuine and sincere and from then FIRSTH. YOUNG;ROW, REV.LEFTANNATO RIGHT:HOWARDZINASHAW;D. was much applause and enthusiasm.

M. KIMBALL, SARAH trying SUSAN the During years after the defender friend and she was a on

UTAH OF THEN B.PRESIDENTANTHONY; of the WOMEN'S passage EdmundsTucker been the people had of who LYLE ASSOCIATION; MEREDITH so maSUFFRAGE

1 886 which disfranchised the ligned. STANSBURYOND ROW: OFMARYDENVER,C. C. COLORADO.BRADFORD SECOF law of

During Miss Anthony's visit two DENVER, COLORADO; MARGARET A. women of Utah, the friendship of

large meetings were held and deleCAINE;HUGHES ELECTACANNON;BULLOCK;PHOEBE DR.Y. BEATTIE;MARTHA Miss Anthony and her associates

gates came from surrounding cities WELLS;EMILY S.REBECCARICHARDS;M. LITTLE;EMMELINEAUGUSTAB. was manifested in many helpful

to take part and hear these great W. GRANT. OF ALL THE WOMEN IN THIS ways.

leaders. Utah's pioneer suffrage HEBERPICTURE,J. GRANT,MRS. GRANT,IS THE WIFEONLY OFONEPRES.NOW In 1888 a World Congress of

leader, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, LIVING. Women was held in Washington,

presided and the visiting ladies were D. C, in commemoration of the

introduced by President Daniel H. was the dawn of a dark period of fortieth anniversary of the first sufWells at that time mayor of Salt time in Utah, which lasted more than frage meeting held at Seneca Falls,

Lake City. Miss Anthony praised ten years. The first step threatenNew York. Fifty women's organthe men of the legislature for their ed was a strict enforcement of the izations were represented by noted

sense of justice and expressed herCullom Bill of 1862, with an added women from all parts of the world from Great Britain, self as greatly pleased with the clause disfranchising the women of—women

progress of the Utah women along Utah. France, Germany, Italy, the Scanlines of government and parliamendinavian countries, India, Finland,

tary procedure. Some years later at The suffrage women immediately Iceland, Australia, and Russia. Utah

a convention in Washington, when espoused the cause of the Utah sent as large a delegation as any they were looking for a woman to women and appeared with them beof the states and had as warm a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937 welcome. The three women's oring. How many thousands of dolganizations: the National Womlars she earned and gave to the

an's Relief Society, the Young cause of woman suffrage, will never

Woman's Mutual Improvement Asbe known. She realized that the

sociation, and the Primary were exfirst requisite was money and so plained in a comprehensive paper every year she gave all she had of given by Mrs. Emily S. Richards her own and tried by every possible

at the conference on Philanthropy, means to persuade others to give.

and again Miss Anthony took oc- A beautiful instance of her libercasion to manifest publicly her adality occurred at the conference in miration for the Utah women. Baltimore. The conference was to

Miss Anthony noted every step be devoted to helping the women of for the "cause,"educational or poOregon in their suffrage campaign.

litical. She held watch on the pubMiss Anthony was so ill it was

lic pulse as a physician counts the not supposed she could leave the heart beats of his patients. Even house, but she astonished everybody

so was her joy likewise manifest by appearing on the platform. When

when victory was in the ascendent. contributions were called for, she

During the meeting of the Utah came forward and holding out a

Constitutional Convention in 1895, little pocketbook she said, "I want prior to statehood, the women of the to begin by giving you my purse.

National Suffrage Association were ANNIE WELLS CANNON Just before I left Rochester they in daily communication with the gave me a birthday party and made women of Utah and as soon as me a present of eightysix dollars.

federated the by thatassured there grafted would be I to they suppose wanted do as me *S"TVistinguished City clubs Lake women's of Saltinto the Constitution provision a I I like with to and the money wish outstanding as seven one womof thegranting to equal suffrage it women, to send Oregon."services, city civic her that en for of

Miss Anthony and the Rev. Anna Mrs. Cannon was crowned for a life As state after state granted the

Shaw were on their way to Utah to of devoted effort in accomplishing franchise, it seemed as though that express in person their pleasure and good. the suffrage way would woman B. was Emmeline mother, her Withtheir congratulations. (The conto the come American and women with the associated Wells, she was

vention adjourned May 8, and Miss woman movement in Utah almost a less courageous woman than Miss

Anthony and party arrived May from its inception. Mrs. Wells as Anthony might have been willing to

Exponent,"Woman's "The of beautiful a 12, 1895.) Suneditor It was that method. so Susan Not for accept was Mrs. Cannon paper which of morning.day than a hundred More lost faith B. Anthony. She never editor, associate was fifteen years

women welcomed them at the staforemost in championing the cause of but that the amendment she had tion and drove with them around women, not only in the state of Utah, prepared and tried for forty years her In world. the throughout city.the Salt as but City Lake seemed to and have passed more by Conabroad, Mrs. travels and at home insmiling loveliness flowery her as gress In would day be passed. some intimate with of Wells became many

the group of splendid women who the leading women of the equal sufher last conversation with her friend, entertained these distinguished frage movement. Mrs. Cannon also Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells, she said,

guests. The service in the Taberknew many of them personally. "The amendment will be passed

nacle in the afternoon was largely Mrs. Cannon has been known as a about 1920. I shall not be here, but

in their honor, and both Miss Anchampiona period offormanywoman'syears. welfareAs a memover you may."This prophetic statethony and Dr. Shaw were invited ber of the 1913 legislature she helped ment was verified. The amendto speak. A two day suffrage consecure a large part of the social legisment was passed in 1919 and ratilation session; the minimum of thatvention at followed fied which Mrs. the required Emof by number

the for widowed law women, wage presided.meline B. Goverin Wells states 1920, be- a few months law, mother's equal pension the

nor Caleb W. West, Utah's last guardianship law, and others of value fore the passing of Mrs. Wells.

territorial governor, introduced Miss to women. In this article, Mrs. CanThough Miss Anthony did not

rich her experience non draws from in terms, complimentary fullAnthony lifelong realization see the a of to give us wide background areferring to her in rejoiced dream, she first visit when progress the spirit she andcloseup leading view of of the was introduced by Mayor Wells. the suffrage cause, Susan B. Anthony. and advancement of women her efGovernor West, with the officers of forts had helped to promote. Her

the National Guard, the officers vision and discernment buoyed her from Fort Douglas, state and fecting. If she ever lost her poise over many streams of disappointchurch officials, attended the recepor self possession it was when some ment.

tion at the home of Hon. and Mrs. one showed her kindness and affecThere are many women still liv-

F. S. Richards given in honor of tion. Never did she forget a kinding in Utah who proudly claim acthe visitors from Washington. Beness shown. quaintance and friendship with

fore leaving, Miss Anthony expressTo every state in the Union, alMiss Anthony and to whom she is ed to her Utah friends in choicest most to every city and town, Miss a vivid and cherished memory.

words her deep appreciation for all Anthony carried her message, gave Her keen sense of justice, her these honors, drawing their attenencouragement, and organized suftruth, her perseverance under adtion to the great change in sentifrage societies. She crossed the versity, her faith in achievement

ment towards her and the suffrage borders into Canada and Mexico, mark her for the generations of cause in their later years. To one and many times crossed the Atlanwomankind, to honor as a valiant

so accustomed to opposition these tic to assist the women in foreign woman looking ever forward to courteous attentions were deeply aflands. She set an example of givvictory.

e Th MISSIONARY FOR ME By DON B. COLTON

President of the Eastern States Mission

'*W E ARENEEDWILLINGMISSIONARIESTO GOWHOOUT AREINTOPIONEERS,NEW FIELDS,WHO

MAKE NEW FRIENDS AND PROVIDE FOR THEMSELVES THEIR

OWN OPPORTUNITIES. ACTIVITIES MUST BE CREATED; THERE

ARE FEW, IF ANY, CONGREGATIONS WAITING FOR MISSIONARIES.

... We NEED MISSIONARIES WHO IMPROVE THEMSELVES BY

FORGETTING SELF AND SERVING OTHERS.

Recently a typical group of misdecided to create their own opporsionaries came to the Eastern tunities for more activity. They deStates Mission. They were veloped a systematic plan for cottage

intelligent, cleanliving, fine young meetings. I saw them some time

people. They seemed anxious for later and learned that they were

work. Before assigning them to holding five meetings each week.

their fields of labor I had a personal The attendance at the Sunday conversation with each one and meetings had increased and these without an exception each one rebrethren had more than they could quested to be sent where he could do in filling appointments. Several

speak often and find much personal baptisms have occurred in that city activity. This of itself presents a during the last few months and sevreal challenge to a mission president, eral more are expected.

because opportunities for missionary Nothing is truer than that the Lord activities must be created; there are extends His blessings to earnest,

few, if any, congregations waiting zealous missionaries who do not wait for missionaries. This fact is somefor opportunities, but who create

times disappointing to missionaries. them. The crying need of the hour

In many parts of our missions we is for missionaries who will pioneer do not have organized branches of under the conditions that exist tothe Church. In other places, where day and who will not blindly follow

there are organized branches, there the paths others have made under are often resident members who are vastly different conditions. Prayer,

experienced in speaking, most of work, and study, and an unstinted whom are anxious to continue their desire to render unselfish service activity in the Church and enjoy beand bring others to a knowledge of ing called to render service. In the Gospel's saving truth are the

many instances the branches and keywords for success in the mission auxiliary organizations are presided field.

over by talented and experienced No doubt every mission president local men. Moreover, in such places has similar experiences. He finds

the Gospel has usually been preachthat some parents, local Church ed for many years. authorities, and friends are holding

We need missionaries who are out as the chief incentive for going pioneers, who are willing to go out upon a mission the improvement that into new fields, make new friends, comes to a missionary. In fact,

and provide for themselves their many of our missionaries come into

THE ANGEL MORONI MONUMENT ON HILL own opportunities for speaking and the field and worry about whether or

CUMORAH NEAR PALMYRA, N. Y.—A FOCAL performing other missionary duties. not they will meet the expectationsPOINT IN THE EASTERN MISSION. STATES Not long since, two missionaries of parents, brothers, and sisters, and

were sent to a city in Pennsylvania. ward members in selfimprovement.

There were a number of Church Some missionaries actually feel that members living in this city and unless they can report to their branch meetings had been held. friends at home that they have been

These two missionaries, however, appointed district president or called

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

to some other position, their misbeautifully in the following lansions have not been successful. guage:

This point of view often causes un- "Constant consideration for the welfare happiness on the part of our missionand happiness of others is every day imaries if they are not so recognized. posed upon us by the divine injunction:

All cannot be district presidents 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.'

or work at mission headquarters, but Therathertest,to bethen,soughtof inouroursoul'sabilitygreatnessto comfortis all can be earnest crusaders in the and console, our ability to help others, cause of the Master. Are young rather than in our ability to help ourselves

missionaries being filled with the and crowd others down in the struggle of true spirit of a crusader? In our life.

in Schools, homes, in our Sunday T MUST not be understood that misquorums, and our Priesthood in I other organizations of the Church, sionaries should not labor dilito themselves. gently improve A giving the unselfish them are we

great school, mission is a and every to the attitude or are they coming is field with their very highest incentive young man and young woman to become good speakers and otherjustified in wanting to go upon a wise improve themselves? mission for personal reasons, but the

secself-improvement be of should It is termed against be what may misEvery ondary consideration. writDON. B. COLTON selfish attitude"that I "the am

is dilisionary to study admonished all for mislooking ing. are We he copies mission. of the the average The gently, information seek to and sionaries personal ambition whose distributed view sold with a not were possible every from to knowledge in the placed is service larger in were making a record; they the submerged

of winning souls to the cause of hands of people who are reading them, source. Classes are conducted daily;

interests through aroused daily the whose are were part of periods a his study this unselfish righteousness. With records I efforts. better that realize Now life. missionary's of every program attitude selfimprovement I missionaries think don't will folhave been made. to things constantly do urged He is is just this greater. record; for but should work a will be low and it

an example of the record which will naturthat will improve himself. That

of efforts result ally conscientious the course. from a as matter of But a comes unselfish type of the example 1N is tract to afraid missionary not when who that motivating the I am pleading re-A presented of missionary was feet cold his are whose and and hands

is ideal to missionary of the his impulse is the best of to thought whole to the mismake there cently came when souls, to give the save glad them field. It in the mission short three months of mature sion more humble a man

it is possibly tidings of missionary joy. great example of only an a who And for only remain could years who talents but unusual possess not a isdid who fair to in state that instances most

I this asked months. good man few the testimony of very powerful bore a the acquires the demissionary soon his faithfulness of his because Gospel if to and choice where as any had he

he should be sent. His reply thrilled sacrifice."sire to help others and forgets selfmotive. as the primary improvement to "I said: go just want he me as this in twenty which days into The the Eastern There came souls find honest I can who where closing record the were made was States short time a Mission ago a listen message will wonderful to the

mission. Elder's days of this sincere He humble, young had man who

I added he for them."Then have

his efforts until the night in life. opportunity a fair not had will "It not (in substance): make continued

any difference where you send me before he left for his home. He recognized his weaknesses. He

because our Father's children everyBy constantly reminding young was an orphan and his mission was where must be given an opportunity people in the Church of the wondermade possible through the kindness to receive the message."ful selfimprovement this or that of a brother and sister. His schoolrather limited missionary he but has emphaing had been made, and by released this brother was When

filled will desire to sizing that the help a mission with them seemed do special district a president wrote his letter calling attention to the wonmore good than two years of college others. He seemed even to feel that

derful work he had done. In twenty training, or similar statements, I there was not much chance for his

days in February he had spent 133 wonder if we are not giving them a own growth. He was sent to a

hours in tracting, had visited 142 selfish viewpoint. district where there was only one

homes; had been invited into 63 of The Savior said: "For whosoboy of Scout age in the Church.

them, had 123 gospel conversations, ever will save his life shall lose it, In his own quiet way he began talkhad sold seven copies of the Book and whosoever will lose his life for ing of the Scout work which the splendidly endorsed. has so Church will find sake it."(Matthew my in a community whereof Mormon

in this that realized work he It follow He therefore 16:25). would poor, comparatively people arethe

benefited; greatly been had talent, himself time, that give their those who meetcottage eight at spokenhad

in fact, it his salvaalmost been had effort to unselfishly the service and presdistrict the I quoteings. from

filled with the desireident's letter: of the Lord, find life. And it is not tion. He was

to be forgotten that those who take to use this great organization to save "Notice that in visiting 142 homes, where this attitude as a rule develop much other boys and to bring them to a hours, 133 spent call hehis was answered, home. more rapidly than those who come knowledge of the Gospel of Christ. in a hour of almost one averageor an

The 133 hours were apparently consumed into the mission field primarily with I was asked to go to the district (or the major part of them) in the 123 what may be called (although in for the installation of a troop of Boy gospel conversations. Notice that he had most instances without consciousScouts. Going to the basement of

or, in into homes,63 invitations other ness of fault) "the attitude of wantthe chapel before the exercises, I which 2*4 homes of eachwords, one out answered his calls invited him in. His Book ing to improve self."The late Josobserved this Elder adjusting the

of Mormon record is more than ten times eph F. Smith expressed this thought uniforms of the boys; he was calling

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

each by name and making quiet sugthe last weeks of her mission were that a mission will do him more good gestions as to what the procedure her busiest ones. than two years in college. The ward

and requirements of a Scout are. A Many other instances could be members and members of the auxfew minutes later I went to the cited. Recently a young lady came iliary organizations he knows may

chapel. It was crowded to overto the mission. For five years she be out to his welcomehome not to

flowing. The Scout executive of had been saving for this purpose. learn how many souls he has brought

the area and two assistants—not She recognized that she must be ecointo the Church but to find outmembers of the Church—were presnomical and wise in the use of her whether or not he has become a good

ent and took part in the exercises. money because she knew the source speaker. Is it any wonder then that

They spoke in the highest terms of of each dollar. She is using it wisely. there is constantly before him his

the work done by the Latterday A few months after arrival she homecoming and the reaction his

Saints and appealed to those young spoke to an audience and thrilled all friends and relatives will have.

men present to live up to the stanof us with her wonderful testimony Somehow I am hoping that stake dards of the Mormon Church and and the joy that she has found in and ward authorities, that parents, stated that there were no higher forgetting self and laboring for the brothers, and sisters, will see the standards in the world. Master. picture as I have tried to paint it.

Only one of that Boy Scout troop Missionaries who come into the Our people at home (unconsciously, of eighteen was a member of our field with a background of this kind of course, but nevertheless, actually

Church. At the close of the exerwill succeed. They not only sucoften do give to our missionaries to

cises parents came to me and urged ceed in taking the message to others, a greater or less extent the selfish that this Elder be permitted to stay but they succeed more than any point of view. Public speaking

in the district at least until the first others in bringing to themselves that is no criterion by which to judge court of honor be held. They said: selfdevelopment for which all are the effectiveness of a mission-

"We like him. In his quiet, humble, seeking. ary's work. Some of our poorest

and sincere way he has touched the Missionaries are frequently called speakers have been most effective hearts of our boys."One woman to labor in the mission office. Day in converting people to the truth.

told me that she wanted her boy to after day I see them at work, perThere is no attempt here to disparbecome a member of the Church and forming the most ordinary tasks. age public speaking ability; it is a

explained that her church had not There is nothing from an outward wonderful gift and one of the greatreached her boy as this missionary standpoint from which they can reest helps to missionary work, but it had done. Our Elder had been ceive a thrill, yet they are thrilled is not the chief end in view and

looking only to find young men to because of the consciousness that it should not be the motivating ambiwhom he could explain the high is the Lord's work. I have never tion of young men and young

standards of the Church and win seen more faithful service than I women who come into the mission them for the Lord our Savior. have seen in the mission office: no field.

Later the first court of honor was selfish acquirement of accomplishPersonality and personal ambition held in the Latterday Saint chapel ments for display, but an inward must be secondary in missionary in the city where this missionary had growth that can come only because work. When this is accomplished,

been laboring. Again the chapel of duty well done. It is true that missionaries will first want to acwas crowded. The Scout executive "whosoever will lose his life for my quaint themselves with the message

praised the work being done by the sake shall find it."of the Gospel; they will want to heal

troop in the very highest terms and Let it not be understood that the the spiritually sick, comfort those made mention of the fact that for blame for the selfish motive lies who mourn, bless those who misthe first time in his experience in wholly with the missionary. He is understand them, pray for those who

Scout work he had attended a troop keenly sensitive of all that is exdespitefully use them.

meeting which was opened and pected of him, particularly by his. The missionary for me is the one

closed with prayer—not by an offiparents and other relatives. He is who yearns for souls, who wants to

cial, but by the boys themselves. constantly reminded of the sacrifice labor where the Lord would have

Two or three people have applied that his parents are making for him. him work, who forgets self and finds

for baptism. They have explained He is frequently told that there will life everlasting in willing service for

that this humble missionary has led be great disappointment at home others.

a fluent he comes back to a true appreciation of the unlessthem THE HILL CUMORAH, NEAR PALMYRA, NEW is constantly speaker. remindedGospel. He YORK.

A little over two years ago a lady missionary came to this mission having the feeling that she had no natural ability with which to do her work. I talked with her. She had

health, humility, faith in the Gospel, and a keen desire to do her duty.

Before she left the mission she had established what was then the high record for hours spent in tracting.

The longer she remained in the mission the more zeal she exhibited for missionary work and though she remained over the twoyear period, the ROADCASTING with A CONTRACT FROM THE BRITISH BROADCASTING CORPORATION: A PUBLIC WELCOME BYTHE UNITED MILLENNIAL

STATES MINISTER TO THE IRISH FREE

STATE; A HEARTY RECEPTION BY THE

PRESS AND PEOPLE OF GREAT BRITAIN—CHORUS THESE ARE AMONG THE CURRENT

ACHIEVEMENTS OF OUR MISSIONARIES S. STEVENS AND ARE RECOUNTED HERE BY ONE WHO By ROBERT

HAS SEEN THEM TRANSPIRE. Business and Publicity Manager

o[ the Millennial Chorus Music THE BRITISH BROADCASTING CORPORATION: Broadcasting Office House Head

Imr'.on.W I Thechanges.world Theis fullBritishof interestingMission, Selfast Street, 31 Lmenhall

TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAMS'BELFAST 25834 under President Joseph J. Cannon, has been the scene of one of

Our Reference..".', 30th October, 1936. -(Date) these changing events, -with a story

behind it packed with the interestDear Sir/Madam, ing experiences of a group of young

W* offer "mi an engagement to perform for broadcasting as follows: men, pioneers in their own right,

Rehearsals, who organized a missionary chorus.

DATE Friday 6-tn November, 1936. Had your radio been in touch with

Belfast, Ireland, in the early afterTI\fF between 9.15 - 3.50 p.m. noon of November 6, 1936, you

have heard this Millennial would

STUDIO No.l. Balance Test - Friday, Chorus.

3th Nov. 7.30 D.m. story scene our opening of The NATURE OF PROGRAMME Harp Trio & Choir,

last place takes the of during week

TYPE OF MATERIAL REQUIRED SILIESSS,..?... May, 1936, in a little Worcesterpart songs to last 10 minutes. shire carpet manufacturing town,

Kidderminster, where the first two nationwide M. I. A. Annual June

FEE [Actual Performance) Conferences, in 1935 and 1936, were held. The genesis of this

Eijht Guineas. musical group can be traced to one

FEE {Mechanical Reproduction to Empire): of the last sessions of the Kidderminster Conference of '36, at which

Payable only if broadcast to Empire is given. were gathered the hundred or so

ISee Condition 12 overleaf'.) missionaries in the field. There,

under the very fine musical direcabove is The contingent on your compliance with the following terms, and with the tion of Elder Bertram T. Willis,

: overleaf conditions

(Salt Lake City), sixteen elders 1. That your signea acceptance, together with all necessary particu ars, is in our hands were chosen for this special work.

by return. Then followed a series of meetings with President Cannon, in

full particulars, the attached 2. That in accordance with Programme programme Form, which officers were appointed and

are supplied. this for the stress In accurate timing the necessity connection we must particularly

of each item and for the supply of composers', arrangers'and publishers'names in every case. the problems pertinent to the work

discussed. Elder Elvon G. Jackson,

3. That you shall personally attend all rehearsals and performances as provided above. (Provo), was chosen as President,

Yours faithfully, with Elder J. Sterling Astin, (ChiTHE BRITISH BROADCASTING CORPORATION, cago), as Secretary, and Elder

Willis as Musical Director. Other

/VH'M officesuntil everyand mandutieshadwerea groupassigned,re- h\ Regional Director. sponsibility to discharge. The roster

of the original group is as follows:

Choir, Namb Millenial Egbert S. Stevens) 1st tenors, Elders Astin, Norman H. Rob- (Mr.

erts, (Paris, Idaho), O. Clifford Merrill.

Address 37, The Mount, Belfast. (Safford, Ariz.), and D. C. Thomas; 2nd

BBc/p/345 tenors, Elders R. W. Hardy, (Salt Lake),

John R. Henderson, (Ogden), Leonard L.

Moffatt, (Star Valley, Wyo.), and Harold

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

ersby, but before long, the almost us, first group of its kind, coming nightly meetings began to have their by more modern means of travel, but effect, and a substantial amount of with the same ageold message, and

Church literature was distributed, with the same desire to serve the and new friends were made. Lord. The former occasion took

Mission headquarters chose Southplace in July, 1837, the latter on port, Lancashire, as the next locaAugust 8, 1936.

tion for the work. It was with mixed

emotions of regret and expectancy Robert S. Stevens, Publicity and

that the departure from Chester ocBusiness Manager of the Milcurred on July 3. Soon after the lennial Chorus, has been able to acarrival in Southport, the first change complish many unusual things with

in the membership of the group ocintereststhe Britishin connectionpress and withbroadcastingthe nacurred. Elder Jackson, who had tionwide activities of this missionary

served so well as president, was group. Since this article was writhonorably released from his misten, Elder Stevens has successfully

sionary labors, and Elder Astin apnegotiatedcontract overfor anotherthe Manchesterbroadcastingstapointed to fill his place. A new tion of the British Broadcasting

arrival to the ranks, as well as to Company, second largest station in the field, was Elder A. Burt Kedthe British Isles, which broadcast

dington, (Salt Lake), wellknown 6:30was Sundaypresentedafternoon,betweenJanuary5:30 3rd,and

among Utah music circles for his 1937 on a dramatic program known many fine vocal achievements. as "The Music of the People."On

this the occasion chorus sang, 'Gome, simiin Southport work was The

Saints,"Come, and Ye "Oh My lar in to that in Chesways many for Father,"they which paid wereA'VIN MANSFIELD UNITED OWSLEY, STATES ter. songs, eight both and guineas. hymnal NewMINISTER TO THE IRISH FREE STATE, WHO

FETED THE 'MORMON"ELDERS. secular, were continually added to

the repertoire. New friends were

P. Mogerley, (Dublin, Ireland); 1st bass, made, and more literature given or

Elders Elvon G. Jackson, Laurel T. Pugsold.

(St.mire, Charles, Idaho), L. Theron Labrum, (Nampa, Idaho), and Richard G.

Smith, (Salt Lake); 2nd bass, Elders RichHPhen came the day when once

ard D. Rees, Anderson Moyes, P. M. and again the word to move on was all S. Stevens,Robert of Salt Lake City,

and George W. Shupe, (Phoenix, Ariz). given. This time the new location

was to be another Lancashire town,

The first location decided upon Preston. The history of the Church,

was the place described in English in Europe as well as in the British railroad stations as "the rare old Isles, is greatly concerned with this city of Chester,"in Cheshire. The town of Preston. There it was that

group was able to accomplish much Heber C. Kimball and five companin Chester, which had been without ions, preached the first tidings in

missionaries for about five years. European countries of the Restored

The people seemed to be especially Gospel. An interesting comparison

friendly and hospitable, and the may be drawn between the entry work rolled speedily ahead. At into Preston of those first missionfirst this large group of young singaries, coming by horsedrawn carers, with their determined but riages, and the entry ninetynine

friendly attitude puzzled the passyears later of this Millennial ChorROBERT S. STEVENS

MILLENNIAL CHORUS, BELFAST, IRELAND, DECEMBER 4, 1936.

Seated left to right:

George L. Shupe, Richard

G. Smith, Theron L. Labrum, Bertram T. Willis,

Leonard L. Moffitt, Harold P. Mogerley, and

Clyde L. Barraclough.

Standing, left to right:

Dudley M. Leavitt, Anderson Moyes, Robert S.

Stevens, Laurel L. Pugmire, Burt Keddington,

David C. Thomas, Norman

H. Roberts, and 0. Clifford Merrill.

This picture, with an extensive story, appeared as a threecolumn spread in the "Birmingham Evening Dispatch,"December 19, 1936..,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

The street meetings in Preston panist for the evening was Mr.

were especially gratifying to the William Roskell of Preston, organmissionaries. The Market Place, ist at one of the larger churches in

directly in the center of town, was that city.

more or less walled in by various Elder Thomas presented the public buildings, making an excelmany interesting relics and colleclent outdoor auditorium for the tions contained in the Red Indian singing. Program, explaining something of

Soon after the arrival in town, the customs and history of the another change in the membership Hopi tribe, from which the curios came. Elder Hardy was called to had been obtained. The entertainLondon to help with some special ment finished with the singing of

SQUARE MARKET WHERE the Save.Anthem, National "God and Elder Dudley work M. OF AND MUSEUM,IN THE LIBRARY THE LeavSHADOWPRESTON to the paid King."Tribute was MEETINGS LATTERDAY SAINT ARE STREET itt, ( Bunkerville, ), superNevada

vising Elder of the Irish District, HELD NIGHTLY. the missionaries by hospital authorwas transferred to the chorus. Fiof this year into the Millennial Chorus, the ities. Relieved and grateful, the

first establishorganization of its kind to be the to Elders preach proceeded nally the time it was came when missionof their church's century during ed of Gospel, both mouth and by word first at arrangfelt that attempts the work. ary

ing public concerts should be made. "The church has at present about two by living the Word of Wisdom, not

It seemed that the "field was white thousand missionaries in various parts of taking the proffered cups of tea, but volthe world. they men, Mostly young will thing milk. drinking one This to harvest,"already and concert

of their untarily or years give two more live in the longest probably memorfixed. dates were to lives return in then abroad, service and

staff. It ies hospital of that an was occupations. their former take Mr. up this the was accomplished Once

group next turned its attention to Robert S. Stevens and Mr. Richard D. Rees, uncommon sight to see seventeen

told the a of Lancashire Chorus, members healthy for milk in ask young men the which newspaper, known was selfthat reporter considerable Post Daily tea is considered a a land where quite unfriendly and been to have sacrifice often the as missioninvolved, was necessity. the or aries receive salary in expense from no the against prejudiced Church

to live have on and such money as public concerts that The many the church, past. excerpt from times An

their provide."parents they or can followed largely patterned were to in this first article "Lanappear

cashire Daily Post,"shows strongly The first concert was given the after this first one, and almost withthe favorable result: night of August 29, before an auout exception, letters of commenddience of about forty or more paation were received. The newspa-

"Asking for no collections, investing all tients and their friends at the Wilper continued its friendly attitude, their meetings with a spirit of cheerfulness, lows Convalescent Home. A few publishing announcements and stoseventeen young men—sixteen American fellowship songs were sung, and ries of these engagements.

spending month a one and Irish—are serious type. or the more in one two of in missionary These work. Preston engaged

given KedTn spite of this busy combination Solos were by Elders Christ of Jesus missionaries Church of the of Latterday Saints were formed in June dington and Astin. Guest accomof regular missionary work and

-Da> Latter of Christ ius ATTEND TO YOU irmTES 'COKD1ALLY DAILY MIRROR THE Conference SemiAnnual.1 11 OCT ASUNDAY, * 6 BOSEGROVE.* O-, ath.SOAD.. LIVERPOOL000,000 MORMONS Br"'sh Isle

LANCASHIRE DAILY POST, ND THEY HAVEN'T DiatiDguishfd- -J*,.nd U.S.A.SuTidaJPi

THE BY MUSIC PAY FOR I W >>, AL.pHORUS EVANCELIS theevuMfl'lSilSfSJSS?,on s,,; lrjorus '"JFmino'hauguratcda Mnah thJ..! ontuBr"wIf......i j: rj -..,'i Ucv <-;,,..,.———FAST

e re10 EACH! WIVES Prominent "<* 7"In '*nrus..jsionMissionaries <h"o""i"''"STES amoL Cii n I c.S.

led his SKINO Voting ftrifham HEN *.< no collection. * -. - - ass. w-* - their City, Salt *22, and 'Ssiss'Jsrsr< I with oneV/- theteHY"a,V'crurh AH "'",'said. (fss. andofficer p tgnm,urcpeh 1827.like builtreligion's "ton w, 17 LakestrangestMltleri looked They sold, andPresidin} modern SeptemberThey Mrs.of ofUtah he meetingsloryoung 11,..1 - Mogeilev17? n'", "'wiSSf.w AsiaM'm iPl'W1"!"'V,"U"',","''"* men—10 Lmmn

finished, oneintostories almost wag

. "they time Slerlhng <|ed S[ 4 missionary religion established. been To hadew the of uc,u,c several"""-'--.[- concertDuring in mmissionaries o!work 'nnear th. Itfact, every "inverts word was Christ jese4 Latter

srnti.'atl,,. ofc >,ear and Di.V>nt< ius \h,s ".lied Hod 'j *tock one -t Vhi, u? u. tijiij erntraving,engraving) -ere withwith covered ercd *"''JWii"-'".,.. costume The sheets -=-***Lj,ma9. geytheyor > mismuct-, T}yordvonJ>, h II A egro Bow.iven. "faoiish'dSS's;; r-"rUyJJJ,'M tea

'Ireland to coming men to,<I1 f Previous cit,tnej etl,nKS. """S<! and someworl up towns of 3 tt| ni wh in were IKmissionary, ChoruaCbpreh and locatedrtiid—thnvarious most itend d,., *}men,orifice a j Xf*Ja"to to tJ,ii

"",lld, E"ta by 'St. art Durin '"this>iic.7 E op r tyou is.. Mogerley. efnend., | concert h'.Mr'nui Harold e before. u'ik. too Mr ec TkV O

'excCBt.-"theP With boy. them,Dublin rrUllRSOIirtrT,vi"k -y n i.';:; 7

,e, **nn rollu..followed sev.ra 'Uperr b?kj niog

Leeds) eWd.

cities "anc...iiii *—STrBertrana/T w DudleyDmncv Mr.Mr. j.-TlON s tor. andand M * Mri- r.'X? jBE-*—nle( *-—appo> swlyr, Boi—Ito Ht MiiSion **:M mi topres known -A>) ianifori a MSB—ioN.6riti*M.roup

POSTt, celer= CERTBranch)

BY THE FAMOUS

1ES0 at31 corner SWl 'iwThe* stay.B oi= ** nt MISSIONARIES FROM,WMf r 'I- IS"oitnc "diS"f,ea lrf---fc- - "two'yea",to1 o1'*-M, 'u3 peno fvm *ss I ice, o* the tiori,1 Jce th<

- entve* itio'SVaie:f:, r 'r—

the cour,nayc tradiliornm CWoS"""""WoS00"".""bvhy //the/the/.,,sto. et3 ctarLsrjd ""to*S'i*atfEPJ3e.p.0f..&diar,\Oadr."S.nwere, HidnT?AS?au"aDJfAof p,r?"1and*"anfi1! Jfoniiw,K **"* t<, tcU1 tiro n-; "resnA-.:rpoii.i6it. e fe.f, v...by jmmersVinj.".:. 11* *"

WHIG AJVJ> NORTHERN THE T>*"->... Utah.

"**",'le (In,to. n<"lto, h.ffr'c*!r? "l ',nS"'ecu7 about"'will rerl\ 0i=*e",",>W"suffer ly o missioDaries WoodAniric, A iota.""i Ol21 cven >., ctm;;,,-""t younjt R /kW,,,c. Fifteen -Jn J!"""""r;\ of"'> Daj of,8Io.V

1 pi>-;e ot.lhad LatterNorther]) in.*, -v - -, fneey Cluriststajirs 'There, Jesuspresent \l\"'1*"4

i h - as.itito, a h, Pan?'o'known jS* are '7 ''aU B 'rtha Z1T'N Bu< S 5"* r'""'"was """thethey "? JO <i at t,,*'b! RAD toJ..!>',id,"I ""''eowr ra Beliefsana "iJ"''"""'- 1?% 'tonigfffLues countr - %'r.u*-'k. 'ubo,ueitiy Uillwn.areNarlheiwhich 1 Vi.B.O.Chorus,.. r/tu Ilia 886, noinber'""'yS, W thaThe8.15aa r first a "Kiaaimc. n.sooNational m.200 kci lic/ica'the somewhtJerusalrthat mi..... 10 lfm. 1 thatNew V

the added burden of concerts, the

Chorus found time to visit the places of interest in connection with the early in this history of the Church Exploring the land. Besides River Ribble, the

scene of first baptisms, a visit was made to old Vauxhall Particular

Baptist Chapel, wherein the first Universesermon was delivered. S. HARRIS, JR. The work in Preston drew swiftBy FRANKLIN

ly fulclose, to a After however.

recently found a expedition to new clean be in house CAN made piSH Anfilling the concert remaining "en- * in east Tibet. This of kind type rearing sheep a pond. new When the the nextgagements, move to first is is large the discovered animal off the point to water new drawn a low

town, Burnley, thirty miles distant, in the world since 1902. and a stream of water introduced in

was made. In Burnley the chorus a low point, the young trout mop up

was to assist in the preparations for by swimming over the bottom carrythe Liverpool District Autumn Con- /Children who cannot digest their ing the debris with them to a catch basin.ference, to be held in the Burnley food may in time develop a greed

chapel. for food and then for money, accordThe Burnley paper also proved

to be very friendly to the group, "VT'oii can't make a silk purse out and published fine accounts of the oftrepeatedof a sow'sproverb.ear,"Nothas impressedbeen an

chorus. This was a great step forby the age of the saying, Arthur D.

ward when it is considered that this Little gathered up the ears of sows, same paper refused to accept even made gelatine of them, and by a pro- a paid advertisement from the cess similar to that of producing rayon,

Church two years earlier. the threads were spun and dyed. The

green and rust colored silk was then into the form of a purse. Conference was held on Sunday, ingfessorto Adler.the famousManypsychologist,money magnatesProknitted

October 4, and a recordbreaking have experienced lifelong digestive crowd was in attendance at the sestroubles. /Contrasted with the 500,000 watts

sions, at which President Cannon of the world's largest radio power principal speaker. thewas is station the portable broadcasting

This Liverpool Conference brought A NOTHER aid of science in combating station "Wee."It uses only onethe greatest change in the member- * crime is the magnetic apparatus

ship of that chorus that had yet developed to test toolresisting prison occurred. Elders Astin, Henderbars. The bars to be tested are comson, and Rees were honorably repared with a standard steel bar whose

leased from their missionary labors, magneticthing whichpropertieswill changeare known.the strengthAnyLeavitt Elderand was appointed to of a piece will of steel change its magoffice fill the of president. Elder netic properties, thus are defective bars

Clyde L. Barraclough, ( Salt Lake ) found.

had just arrived in the mission field, and was appointed to sing in the chorus. Thus the number of mem- /\ld age can be held off and life probers was reduced from seventeen longed about seven years by means twentyfifth of a watt, less than an auto fifteen. of diet, according to evidence from tomobile tail light, and is powered by

cells. three It dry can send about 200 ratfeeding tests. life prime of The Elders'In the held meetings the

feet, using of any the lengths wave of rats feeding was lengthened by more after Conference, deday it was of the broadcast band. milk, which vitamins added more A that tocided the should Chorus go

and G, calcium and protein. Ireland immediately, in order to help

with the preliminary work in conHThere is now evidence for the ocnection with the Irish District Con- "plFTEEN per cent of the energy in casional smelting of earth iron in the early East as Near for ference as the scheduled the third next Sunis sunshine into converted mechanmillennium before Christ. piece of day. Packing hurriedly accomwas A ical an solar work by improved Abbot iron the from in Great Pyramid Egypt trip plished, began. the and collector. heat a square About yard of about B. 2900 and from one C, to Belfast, journey the across of The half sunshine ran a horsepower moof about Abydos B. 2500 been have C, tor. Irish sea, sun's proverbially rays rough, concentrated The by was

is It found. all iron earth since mereflectors liquid aluminum heat a comnight, arrival in at the and made teor iron nickel. contains high pound to very temperature which in Belfast the (harbor) Lough was

gray hours of early morning, Ocheats water to steam to run the engine.

tober 6. TPelevision is closer to the public

as a result four of test a months of in laboring already The brethren it fine netting so that wire has A broadcasting the from State Empire Belfast arranged of a number had ** is 180,000 per meshes square inch Building, City, at cost of York a New in to concert addition engagements in finest being Germany. made The dollars. a million in are Images now Conference. Conference was held it all far, is of fabrics so of wire made white and screen black on a seven and

Sunday, October 11, and as had about onethird as thick as human hair, a half by ten inches, and though satisbeen the case in Burnley, all preto have the needed fineness it must factory means of sending and receiving vious attendance records were brohave 650 dents per running inch. It the images have been developed, sets

ken. Street meetings were held every is used for the sifting and straining of for the general public have not yet

(Concluded on page 120) powders and liquids. been designed.

ibdttonal Ciionzo Ci. uTinckhey ofthelookingvast majority,for goodvirtuesin peopleoutnumbersoon revealsweaknesses.that in

H e boundlesscame outpast.of theThere,measurelessan eternalagesspirit,of thehe neighbor'sWe discover,characterif we areis honest,not unlikethat thethe flawflaw inin ourour

dwelt in the glorious presence of God, his Father. own; and that his virtues are as great as those in

Joyfully he accepted the summons to the journey which we pride ourselves; that we have no right to

on earth. Here, a chosen son, chosen because of find fault with others.

his obedience, he toiled and served and loved; here The widespread habit of looking for and dishe hoped and prayed and believed; here he concussing the faults of others is evil and degrading.

formed to the vision of the eternal plan and thereby Gossips devote themselves usually to the shamepleased his Heavenly Father. Then, the mission less pastime of tearing asunder personal reputacompleted, he heard the call to return. Steadily, tions. They are human vultures preying upon the

unfalteringly, courageously, he laid himself down. absent, therefore the defenseless. They are the

He returned to God. He has entered eternity bloodsucking vampires of our civilization. They

which is "without beginning of days or end of reveal empty minds, undisciplined tongues, and the years."There he will find a surpassingly great lack of power to spend time profitably. They bereward, for his works have ever been good. There come bad citizens, bad club or Church members,

he will continue, with new powers and undimmed unworthy of social respect.

vision, throughout endless ages, his progress to- "Have you heard?"—the introductory words of wards his divine destiny, a Godlike stature. From the wasted hour of gossip—might well be directed,

his exalted place he will bless his loved ones whom impersonally, to the great gains and needs of our he has left behind. civilization. Have you heard of the beauty of the

His understanding of the purpose of life was latest work of art, in whatever field; of the new

clear. His will was tempered for righteousness. conquest of a natural force or condition; of the act

He was rich in all that moth and rust can not of sacrifice or heroism that brought succor and joy another; for service the to others of opportunity destroy. Sweet is his A, W. to memory!—/. that of brought; of the noble service has the day

leaders in state and church? Out of such discusSfeb ruart[ s oLessonJLe sioncapablenobleof enjoyingcharactersthewouldgifts ofbeearthbuilt,andcharactersof helpVS7ASHINGTON and Lincoln, whose birthdays are ing in the forward march of humanity.

celebrated in February, benefited greatly their Washington and Lincoln! Their memory should

own and succeeding generations. They are types inspire every Latterday Saint to look for the virof the great men who have led the American peotues and fine qualities of his living fellow men.

ple into peaceful and prosperous paths. The whole Should this become our objective there would be

world is grateful for the labors of their lives. felt in this year of 1937, in the hearts of men, a

They were great because they possessed and tender warmth of love, akin to the love of God. used, intelligently, in all affairs, the simple endur-—J. A. W.

ing principles of righteousness. Industry, honesty,

their acfaith sincerity, marked kindness, and rtsttan I tatton aeh achieve alone character can of noble tions. Men n

much for human good. HPhe Supreme Court's notable decision of 1892

These men were not perfect. None of earth is reprinted in part elsewhere in this issue is of

perfect. Perhaps they made mistakes. Since they farreaching significance to every American, not

were mortal, they must have had human weakonly because of its establishment of the fact that nesses. However, it was because of their virtues, the United States is a Christian nation, but also

despite their weaknesses, that they became benebecause of its review and summary of the backfactors of mankind. By the sum of life man is ground that has established legal and traditional

divinely judged. Christianity in this land.

The study of great lives becomes truly gainful It appears from the letter and the spirit of past only when their virtues are considered. Then they times that legal stipulations have been included in

become ideals to be imitated. The modern school the basic declarations of law of the states and the

of biography which ferrets out and emphasizes the nation, not to embarrass and restrict Christianity, weaknesses of the heroes of time, contributes little but to protect and abet it. That statutes and

if anything to the progress of man. Such students fundamental principles designed for the guarantee

prefer shade to light. Gloom and darkness breed of Christian freedom have sometimes been used

dismal lives. Sunlight makes plants to grow, for the curtailment of the thing they were created

warms the earth, and causes hope to "spring eternal to protect is an index of shortsighted ignorance in the human breast."or intentional miscarriage of justice on the part of

Our estimate of our daily associates, as of histhose who have contributed to such abuses. The

torical figures, is truest, and our relationship with Supreme Court has clearly defined that laws which out friends happiest, when their weaknesses are were made to curtail selfish commercial practices forgotten and their virtues held aloft. The habit cannot be generalized or misconstrued so as to

curtail the activity of the Christian Churches. established it, and this generation must see that as

Before some Twentieth Century skeptics be persuch it is preserved, for "Behold, this is a choice mitted to continue their open and covered attempts land, and whatsoever nation shall possess it shall be to undermine Christianity and divorce it from the free from bondage, and from captivity, and from all things of life and government, let them be reother nations under heaven, if they will but serve minded that the America of today in all of its the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ,..."

better and more stable aspects, is the product of—R. L, E.

Christian endeavor and Christian tradition. Many

divergent interests attempted to claim and conquer

America, but its founders and builders were Chrisvi/e [Buildfor a {/justness tian gentlemen who had the courage of their contheir principles,victions of the strength and from cJhat Jxnows no (completion England Fathersthe Pilgrim to the Morof New

Inland of the Pioneers West.mon

has Court Supreme said: "If we pass "Decently, while sightseeing in a California city, The

beyond these matters to a view of American life, several members of a group noticed one buildbuildingas expressed by its laws, its business, its customs, ing which loomed on the horizon—a

fantastically, oddly, the shaped. almost It focused recogsociety, a clear everywhereand its we find

in front directly of eyes until the group reached truth.nition of and... These many the same

other matters which might be noticed, add a volume the structure. Carved in the arch over the door were the words: "We Build for a Business Whichof unofficial declarations to the mass of organic

Completion."Knows No is nation."this thatutterances a

it the startled group; indeed sentence and The this established the United From Christianfact—that is firmly in to fastened of the one minds

is conclusions States Christian a Nation—several its literal for but most meaning who remainread—not future for guides drawn; conduct be andand may

its spiritual significance. for coined deeper Whoever into fruitful line well for take thoughtone may

consideration the proposition that no nation whose the statement had a keen sense of values, even when legal and social structure is fundamentally Chrishe was thinking for a commercial concern. He

tian can afford to exclude from its halls of learning knew that even in a business world of intense or from its halls of government a due consideration material values the minds of his clerks must reach of Christian philosophy, ideals, and practices. It farther than the end of each week, month, or year,

appears to be legally as well as rationally tenable into the limitless time of the future. Only when

that the teaching and observance of Christian truth they had that concept of the enduringness of the and practice in any institution within the land, business would they enter into the work wholethis of application The nation. Christian a—inprivate or public, is not only justifiable but essential heartedly.

its significance. challenges by this forgotten that religious liberty Saints it is not statement toWeLatterdaybuild for By

is guaranteed by America's basic legal document, a life that knows no completion, for a Church the Constitution. But the granting of religious which knows no completion. The eternity of our

freedom cannot justifiably mean curtailment of the philosophy attracts many people to a further investigation belief preserof in the our beliefs. The religious structure ofbasic the nation—Christianity.

it, family, death, vation of the but not until beyond tolerance carrying to the point of This would be selfextermination. stimulates the desire for a better understanding beThe fact that the United States is a Christian tween members of the family. This same belief

nation does not mean that all who reside here must makes for a more careful consideration of the choice espouse Christianity as a religious persuasion, but of a mate.

it does mean, to quote a further Supreme Court The belief in the eternity of personality increases citation, as applied to Pennsylvania, that "Chrisour desire to add to our mental equipment, since tianity, general Christianity, has always been a that and our spiritual acquisitions are all that we part of the common law... not Christianity can actually take with us into that eternity. If we

with an established church and tithes and spiritual build for a personality that knows no completion, courts, but Christianity with liberty of conscience we shall be especially careful of the kind of structo all men."ture we build. We shall be more alert to select

Further, attention is invited by the Supreme only those materials which will endure throughout

Court to the fact that "the people of this country, eternity. Spiritually, we shall, in following this

profess the general doctrines of Christianity as the motto, "garnish our thoughts unceasingly so that rule of their faith and practice; and to scandalize our confidence may wax strong in the presence of

the author of these doctrines is not only, in a reGod."No unclean thing could exist in His holy

ligious point of view, extremely impious, but, light. Since we are trying to build for a future

even in respect to the obligations due to society, that knows no completion, we must be sure that is a gross violation of decency and good order."the clean things become incorporated into our lives

To believers and unbelievers alike, to Christhat we in the eternity to come may be worthy of tians and nonChristians—and especially to the resuming our place in God's kingdom as His sons

unprincipled advocates of a faithdestroying and daughters, who were wise enough to know skepticismlearning—letbothit withinbe rememberedand withoutthat thethe hallsUnitedof thatplan theof earthlifelife, whichis onlyin itsa entiretysmall partincludes:of the eternala life States is a Christian nation—the Supreme Court before mortality, mortality, and a life after death. has said that it is-—tradition and history have so—M. C. /.

1mm.On

Northwestern States Mission Teton Ward, Idaho from their mission to Sweden, Brother

T)reston Nibley, son of the former Alvin LeRoy Stoker was sustained Peterson was president of the Swedish 13th, of Mission. Bishop 1936, as December presiding bishop, Charles Nib- W.

Stake, Idaho, Rexburg Teton Ward, president of ley, the was appointed

Northwestern States Mission January with David R. Wilding as first counKuna Ward, Boise Stake

selor and James Gardner as second Chapel '"Phe was dedicated new Ward counselor.

Sept. 3, 1936, Sunday, by Elder * on

New York Stake Rulon S. Wells.

The New York Stake presidency was reorganized December 6th, 1936, with Rock Island, Illinois, Chapel

Harvey Fletcher as president and Wil- "Doyd A. Read, district president of

as liam Ivor counSharp and L. Woolf in this sent item: East Iowa, On his selors. Elder Fred and G. Taylor

2, President Heber December J. Grant, released. counselors honorably were

in S. Hinckley, with Bryant company

Nebo Stake presidentsion, attendedof thetheNortherndedicatoryStatesservicesMisOn December 13th, 1936, the Nebo of a chapel in Rock Island, Illinois.

Stake Presidency was reorganized with President Grant offered the dedicatory

Wayland R. Wightman as president prayer and delivered the main talk. The

and George A. Cheever as first counsignificance of this dedication lies in

selor and S. Roland Lindsay as second the fact that it is but a short distance

counselor. up the Mississippi River from where

PRESTON NIBLEY the Mormons, just ninetyone years Nephi Ward, Utah this driven February, ago from were 12, Quinney, to 1937, succeed Joseph Bishas sustained Tranter Alma was relentless their persecution. homes by of the president Jr., was named who Stake, op of Nephi Ward, Juab establishes as again the Church DeToday 1936. 13, Temple,Logan November 13th, 1936, Crane C. cember with H. is itself entirely in these there parts an engaged President Nibley been has first as counselor E. Paul Booth and feeling different people. the among the for in in business Salt City Lake as counselor. second against; bitter they once were Where recently years.past has twentysix He

friendly;, the very they are Church now book, Brigham notablepublished a Peterson Returns Elder conthe once were where Mormons ElHis Work. andYoung—The Man

citizens, E. Peterson and his they are sidered "Dlder unworthy Hugo D. filled mission three yearder a Nibley

after as an example.to Germany from 1904 to 1907. wife returned on Sept. 24, 1936, now sought

Latterday Saint Institute "Tr. Frank L. West, Church Commissioner of Education, has secured permission from the Arizona

board of education to build a Latterday Saint Institute in connection with the University of Arizona at Tucson.

The institute will cost $50,000 and the site $8,000. This makes the sixth institute where the building is owned and

operated by the Church. In addition to

these six is the project going forward at the University of Southern California.

L D. S. MISSIONARIES AT MISSION HOME FROM JANUARY 4 TO JANUARY 21, 1937

Yalecrest Ward, Salt Lake City. David FirstE. Astle,row, Darisleft toReeseright:Olsen,Vera ElmanRose Winthrop,J. Gill, ThelmaDorothyHeaton,Tolman,Iris EmmaMay Swain.R,uth Salazar, Leonard R. Hardy,.

On December 6th, 1936, President Nora SecondMerritt,row,Kathrineleft to Elmiraright: J. Benson,Wyley Sessions,Jacquita Director;Johnson, JamesVaughnAlbertWinwardHunter.Packer,Ruby Anderson,LaVerl F.VerlaTurnbow,Hale,David O. McKay dedicated the YaleDonald G. Lee.

left Fillmore, Curtis Edwin Marsh Butler, R. to right: Nathan Thomas, Martin Ted McBride,crest Ward Chapel and Recreation Fred OliverThird English,row, Elburn Wardell Fuhriman, Earl Miller B. Greenwood. C. Curtis, Kenison, Don Homer

Hall. Fourth row, left to right: Mrs. J. Wyley Sessions, Bertha Katherine Ebert, Harold Yates Anderson, Ranold

H. Hebdon, Harold M. H. Lund, George Easton Brown, Paul C. Palmer, Deane W. Brown.

Peterson, Grant Hyrum B. Hodgson, M. Arthur Malmgren, Presley David Pace, Robert W. Hubbard, Dorse M.

Mitchell. Bartlett C.Ogden Sixth Ward Oman, Fifth row, left to right: R. Norman Pearce, Thomas Harvey Gardner, Clarence Enoch Paystrup, Joseph

right: left Vernal Karl Sixth L. Karren, Delange, Broadbent, row, to John Meldon Thomas W. Nalder W. 13th, President 1936, December

Irwin. Nielsen, Nicoll, Leon George A. Soderberg, Morris S. Christensen, Frank John A. W. the dedicatedHeber J. Grant Orville Sylvan left J. Nielsen, Peterson, Jr., right, Ogden EugeneSeventh Joseph row, to Eugene Lowell Morris, Leo

Dastrup, Ross Clark Burgess, Joseph W. Barlow, Leonard LeDel Reynolds, Alvin Leo Ralphs,

Beal.Sixth Ward Recreation Hall. LelandJoseph BurnsGam Burgi,

Newall Reed, D. Dickson. V. Rindlisbaker, Seth Robert Fitts, Lavar Byam

Crosley, left to right: Floyd V. Burton,Thatcher Ward, Arizona Felt, SylvanNinthEighth row,row, left to right: Joseph M. Gunderson, Folkman D. Brown, Virgil Miller Hancock, Eldon Wood Elworth Hubert Young December 20, 1936, the chapel in the Alvin D. Kinsey, Judson Emerson Mabey, Marvin Stewart Perry. Asa Fowler, George Hugh Nelson,

Thatcher Ward, St. Joseph Stake, was LowellTenthPerkins,row,Lauchieleft toArthurright: Orr,DorisDelmontEsther Beecher,Black, FarrisVerl Willis0'NeilTeeples,Sainsbury,Orme WilliamM. Jergensen.James Telford, Clayton.

dedicated by Pres. Heber J, Grant. Harold Lawrence Dean was absent when this picture was taken.

TRUTH LINES IN WINTER STRANGE GRATITUDE

By Allen Stephenson By C. Frank Steele By Carlton Culmsee

Tis well that man is blind and deaf and As the snow falls on the earth, "[ Jour on hour I lay in the darkness dumb, ** Its scars vanish one by one; staring

That in a world of wonder he but knows Comes now peace; beauty clothes the While my mind, like someone lost in a

The buoyant tug of wind—not why it fields; haze

blows. And the gray hills are gone. Shaken by heatwaves, struggled with the

'Tis well that in the blossom of the plum fever.

He sees the white and fragile beauty As falls the snow, so falls on the heart there: The solace of a friend; Now and then there flashed on the inner

No more, no less. (O, God, grant us not Kind as the snow, healing, comforting, sight

less!) Constant to the end. Memories that I did not know I had,

But of the face of Truth make him confess Glimpses of things forgotten years ago.

That he knows naught, nor let him greatly care. Once I saw my smiling mother lighting

tall plate at red candle to mark my A little that to me. honor come hadLet still the veil of ignorance conceal FATIGUE Some

fashioned of a hidden weaknessThe 'tis partly blind sees at all becauseThat mind, By Eva Willes Wangsgard Father, too—I heard the grim old man

it his throat, that that something would misses make Clear wonders ashamedAnd cradle Winter, me your upon Come, reel! poignant

breast, is tears blind'Tis In his startled that deaf from him. and well and had book man Beneath your soft of shawl wool. Angora dumb;

I've so the of grown unrest. year's weary little lest face, be overcome. he hides her schoolmate aTruth again chubby And

I wild ambitions overfull. With am the as sorrow Valentines Saw my

I all distributed, none, got and

I have spring scatWere loved her and known to Since days we'd two town moved FIRST SNOWFALL tered gold. before.

I loved have in pastel summer wrapped to color hurried cut he and home And Edith By Welch Morgan skies. porch to hearts our Eight leave crude on

I have loved gallant autumn, known her night. that night AST T hold

mountains My laid aside On pageantry and color while she dies. So I felt a kind of gratitude skirts crimson Their

castinets And spring But has roused my hopes beyond For the fever, even while it burned me. white robes For plain their strength,

pale Of new snow. And summer's heat has seared my feeble I rose, when And will.

them I saw kneeling, I danced down autumn's gay Bohemian I SHALL NOT FEAR heads bent Their length,

Veiled in clouds. But now I would my leaping heart were By Louise Liebhardt

still.

I've grown of the so weary prismed A PRAYER f shall not fear that last inviolate hour neither you nor any man may light * Which That lent ambition's lamb Fleece. a Golden stay;

Stephens C. Magdalene heart has need of patient By My gray and I its shall unyielding power challenge Nor

white. shining night blanket day. upon my To far horizons God, on O, Winter, bring wearinessDear your my I faith shall deride question or not my fast, gather warclouds The peace!

this stranger, your usurps Death, Because hearts stricken grip fears ominousAnd place; massed. are ships andAs troops

to a not His can coming change you

Grim warlords, mad for glory, wraith

Stand safely by and plan His darkness only makes more clear your

To wreak a frightful vengeance face.

Upon their fellowman.

I shall not fear.... Love brooks no

They will not feel the terror altering

Of airraid, gas, or trench, And no forgetting.... Death unmasked

Or shattering, piercing agony; is sleep;

Nor smell the battle's stench! I shall rest happy so, unfaltering

They will not hear the widow's moan, Withinkeep.that timeless faith we learned to cry,—piteous orphan'sThe shall I shall for I fear the not change

curses the will hear notThey know die. to they sendOf those I in place go. God's, before hand You my

should those erring men Lord,Dear why a i power, so given muchBe That they can bring whole nations

To such a tragic hour? BARTER

in us as mothersHelp Thy cause By Ann Jarvis of the world warTo cleanse

Purge all men's hearts of lust to kill smile for a smile, kind thoughts forAnd conquer,—evermore. A kind thoughts,

Then shall we know that sons we bear And letters for letters, too.

May live life joyously, What's wrong with bartering hearts for

And ever building for the right hearts

May serve Peace gloriously. Since I've given mine to you!

The story of our *——Hymns

By GEORGE D. PYPER where he determined to drink the

river; into the and laudanum jump General Superintendent the Des ofTHEwhoLIFEwroteof Williamthe hymn,Cowper,"God finding the there but a guard deed First eret Sunday School Union and Moves in a Mysterious Way,"his to prevented. Returning Assistant Chairman of the Church was of pathos, is one tenderness, doubt, into'quarters, the poison he poured Committee Music

disappointment and despair. He a small basin and when he reached

was a defeatist, dreading the unfor it with intent to drink the conknown, afraid to live, afraid to die, tents, the fingers of both his hands yet possessing such qualities of mind contracted so that he could not hold and heart that endeared him to XV, iod ifloves in the vessel. Recovering in wonder r

many noted friends and placed him he threw the poison out of the winnight before the testamong the greatest of English poets. a 1 1 ltj[stenous vi/ay dow. The

William Cowper was born on with a tottering brain he again atNovember 26, 1731, at Great BerkHYMN BY tempted to kill himself with a pen hamstead, Hertfordshire, England, knife, but the blade broke. He then

the son of a rector of Berkhamstead, WILLIAM COWPER tried to hang himself with a garter, chaplain to King George II. His but the garter broke, and he fell tomother, Ann Donne, of honorable TUNES BY the floor utterly deranged. Of

lineage, died when William was six Dr. Thomas A. Arne course his chance of obtaining the

years of age. He was a delicate position in the House of Lords was

AND now gone and under the care ofchild, sensitive and shy, sheltered and protected by a doting mother. William B. Bradbury Doctor Cotton he was taken to St.

At her death the boy was placed in Albans, a mental hospital where he

Doctor Pitman's school near his remained for two years. In 1763

father's place of residence. Here he he was taken in charge by his

was so tormented and bullied by a friends, the Unwins, father, mother, boy five years his senior that alson, and daughter. He was tenderly

though his tormentor was expelled, cared for by Mrs. Unwin, who was

William's experience left a feeling the "Mary"of his letters. Upon

of terror and helplessness that afMr. Unwin's death, in 1767, the

fected his entire life. During one of family, including Cowper, moved to

these persecutions he found a line Olney, and there Cowper formed an in the Bible that gave him temporary intimate friendship with John Newcomfort. It was—"I fear nothing ton. This friendship was a strange

that man can do unto me."This mixture of personalities. "In his

resulted in a spiritual exaltation that youth, Newton had been a wild, saved him from total collapse. At WILLIAM COWPER despairing blasphemer; in his, Cowten he was sent to Westminster per an irresolute, despairing, wouldwhere he companioned with such be suicide. One was driven to

students as Warren Hastings and Cowper, who had the right of nomiChrist by the violence of his sins, the

Churchill, the poet. nation, presented him as clerk of other by the violence of his sufferthe House of Lords. All seemed mgs. eighteen left At Cowper Westlucrative for favorable a and happy this friendship result of was Theminster to attached and a himself position again fate of the hand when of publication the Hymns, Olney attorney.Mr. a Chapman, London insisted struck him. enemies His best century's con18th of the oneIn called to 1754 bar, he the was the before bar examination an upon of tributions to development the his "inferioritybut his complex"and for test fitness his to the of house It contains 348 English Hymnody. literaturepreference for kept him clerkship. the the time approachAs 68 Newton, hymns, 280 by Cowby practicingfrom law. his asDuring for the deexamination ed Cowper of per. of outstanding the Onesociation fell with Mr. he Chapman, terrified state veloped mind. of a collection in this Cowper's hymnsin love cousin, with a Theodora test, fear the together of a with The in Mysterious a Moves was "God his uncle, Cowper, butJane Ashley intimate of consciousness deforman to Perform."His Wonders Way, forbade a acmarriageCowper on all life ity his that dethrough had

count of their close relationship, and pressed him, were too much for his "In the making of these hymns, young Cowper was again thrown indelicate constitution. His mind gave Cowper, as long as he was able,

to despair and near madness. way and he decided to end it all by wrought with the feeling and craftsNeither of the lovers ever married. suicide. Purchasing a bottle of manship of a true poet, and clothed

From necessity Cowper sought laudanum, he called a coach and *The History and Use of Hymns and employment and his cousin, Major asked to be driven to Thames wharf Hymns Tunes—Breed.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 19 3 7

them with the tender charm of his the Divine will for him... to

own spirit."f drown himself, but the driver of the

Cowper was a hater of slavery of vehicle missed his way and Cowper either body or conscience, as the was diverted from his purpose."

following lines of his will show. Do Then, too, Cowper's own memoirs

they not suggest the doctrine of free state that he was driven to the agency? Thames with suicidal intent but

his carrying out prevented from was is yet unsung by poets, a liberty"There of a appearance purpose by the unpraised, senators and by

Which monarchs cannot grant, nor all the wharf porter sitting on a pile of powers goods.

hell take confederate away: earth and Of that there doubt However, is no

fraud, persecution, liberty which A his written of in view hymn was to the prisons, Oppression, power have no bind; own dreadful experiences, and the

Which who tastes can be enslaved no hand of Providence is plainly seen more: in preventing the consummation of

derived of heart, Heaven, 'Tis liberty from it to an evil design. The hymn was inwith gave His blood Bought who

mankind, cluded in the Olney Hymns as alAnd sealed with the same token. It is ready stated, which were published

held and that charter sanctioned God Moves in a Mysterious in 1787. By charter,

sure By the unimpeachable and awful oath Way omnipotenceThe poem ofextolsthe theAlmightypower andand gifts other of a promise His God. And in mysterious a way, infinite skill moves in His and wisdom God that royal the them speaks All bear stamp to wonders"perform; His It plans. out working His divine His, in the sea, plants footsteps His He carries a to the of hope message this transcends are but august, And rides the storm. upon them And all."Saints who are fearful and entreats

Deep in unfathomable mines them to be courageous against the

Space will not permit much Of neverfailing skill, ills that seem to beset them; it contreasures His bright up life. He detail offurther Cowper's lines designs, tains that prophetic the purwill. sov'reign works His AndFailing in health he and left Olney gradually unposes be of God will

went to London in 1 779. There he Ye fearful Saints, fresh courage take; folded hour by hour and though

met and formed a close friendship The clouds ye so much dread experiences may be bitter, yet mercy, shall break big with and Are Austin, a baronet'swith Lady will the fruit of righteousness be

In blessings head. on your near him. She was who livedwidow that will sweet; blind unbelief

pious, sympathetic, and encouragJudge not the Lord by feeble sense, lead us to grope in the dark and seek ing, and during this friendship CowBut trust Him for His grace; for the truth in vain, while if we trust

providence a frowning literary In Behind to great fame. roseper the Great Interpreter, all will in God a smiling He hides friend in Lady he found 1 786 a new plain. face. be made

Hesketh, the sister of Theodora His purposes will ripen fast, It is said that "poets are prophets"

Jane Cowper, the love of his youth, Unfolding every hour; and one is almost persuaded that this

taste, have a bitter The bud may surpleasant in spite ofbut more is true the ponders on when he will flower. But sweet be the failing health of theroundings, with this immortal analogy between hymn

his faithful friend, Mrs. Unwin, his Blind unbelief is sure to err, and a revelation given a prophet of

malady returned and they moved to And scan His works in vain; God threequarters of a Century

interpreter, is His own God of 28th on theDereham, where it a "flash from the later. Was will he make And gifted butApril, this strange 1800, it plain. Eternal Semaphore"?

poet passed away. On his monuear, Oment at Dereham appear these lines earth,"Hear,andO rejoiceye heavens,ye inhabitantsand give thereof,

by Mrs. Browning: written. One story related that for the Lord is God, and beside Him there

felt his time"a he "once is upon when Savior. no in your brotherhood This man Men!O is are marvelous wisdom, His "Great on, yielded storm brain he coming beguiling, paths weary

doings, extent the His of His and Ways, in himself to to peace impulse taught an drown he you only whenGroaned find out. none can smiling! while were died ye and called a that the River Thames; he fail not, there neither are "His purposes all read time ye what now, mayAnd to drive the cab asked cabman and hand. stay can any His who his story, tears through dimming

is eternity to eternity the "From He river; that Lonthe to a heavy him fell darkness the and music discord onHow fail. never same, years His and the fog gathered suddenly and glory, the don on

thus saith the the Lord, "For Lord—I, sweet sounds one, one by when howAnd lost after drivhis that way; cabman merciful those gracious unto and am who lights departed, wandering and for aimlessly ing round round and to fear delight me, those and honor who so face loving because less a no woreHe serve in in righteousness truth unto and me to refused time, the cabman some brokenhearted.

the end. his passenger ordered continue and

their shall eternal reward "Great be and to the that stumbled Cowper The Hymn out; shall be their glory."—Doctrine and Coveof in front 76:1-6. found himself nants, walk and

Tn the histories, biographies, and his own door; that when he recoverCowper, of William memoirs sat his senses, he exed down and wrote The Tunes is nothwriter, thereamined by the Mysterious in a Way, Moves "God

ing to indicate just when "God His Wonders to Perform."There IVTany tunes have been used to

Moves in a Mysterious Way"was is some justification for the survival clothe this beautiful hymn. The

I can find is one called fThe English Hymn, Its Development of this story. One writer says: He earliest

it was (Concluded on page 107)and Use in Worship—Benson. 'had an intense delusion that

PEASANT WOMEN AT A MARKET NATIONS THAT NEED THE GOSPEL

in which a history of religion was Dictatorships in countries in BUT HAVE which the Church already has presented, so that the child was missions have placed churchthoroughly enlightened on the now of "orthodox"Russian conception es very rigid and definite under a IT origin of of the follies man and NOT the difficulties control. under The

which missionary work can be done religion. He stressed that no Rushave increased. But there are still sian child who attended a regular

Russian school could begrow up in in the countries which Europe By ARTHUR GAETH I lieving. after had wandered And is message. preaching Church no First President of the cities, the larger Czechoabout entered had It largest Russia. of these is The slovak Mission still in of the some use churches and opinion of the has been a number

of our Church leaders that there is found them attended only by older much of the blood of Israel among and almost aged people, I began to the Russian people. The Book of believe too that unless a miracle

Mormon has now been translated happened the youth of Russia into Russian, and in Czechoslovakia would continue to grow up without we had twenty tracts prepared in faith in God and would be taught the Russian language during the to regard Christ as an impostor.

past year. But my visit to Russia Christ has been definitely reduring the past summer convinced placed by Lenin, Lenin has become

me that missionary work by the the savior of Russia. On the Red

Church would be practically imSquare in Moscow a magnificent possible (or beset with insurmountbut simple mausoleum has been able difficulties) in Russia as yet. erected and there Lenin's embalmed

On the first day of my travels in body is displayed. Between five and

Russia I met a professor in one of seven o'clock every evening thouthe high schools in Kiev. He spoke sands of people are permitted to

German, was interested in me as a file through the mausoleum to view foreigner, and so we were soon enthe form of the man who means so gaged in conversation. Our dismuch to the Russians of today.

cussion led to religion. Finding a Not far from the Red Square is the

sympathetic ear, he soon revealed Lenin museum in which everything

Russian policies of education. He linked to Lenin, his writings, his

was elated that Russian children personal belongings, the coat in could not grow up with a belief in which he was shot in 1921, have

God. Every student or school child been preserved.

received definite instruction in school in natural science and in history, WOMANNATIONALFROMCOSTUME.SMILJEVO, JUGOSLAVIA, IN

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

'T'here are still countries in Europe in which the Church is preaching no message, the largest of which is russia. but as antireligious and

opposed to the teaching of religion as russia is, just so religious and opposed to any new religious teaching are

Jugoslavia, Rumania, Hungary, Poland, and a number of other countries in which we have no missionaries.

ARTHUR GAETH

God. The Communist taught him

that this was all superstition. Communists killed the priests and burned

the churches but they were not turned to stone, as had been prophesied, were not struck dumb. In fact, some

of them enjoyed themselves on the wealth which they confiscated.

In Kiev I visited Lavra, the great monastery, which has now been turned into an antireligious museum by the organization of Fighting

Atheists, who number six million in

THE LENIN MAUSOLEUM THOUSANDS GATHER EACHIN MOSCOWDAY TO WHEREVIEW Tn the summer of 1933, while I was Russia and whose propaganda of

THE BODY OF RUSSIA'S GREAT LEADER. in Rumania, I met Dr. Jorga, the pictures, illustrated lectures, and

former primeminister of that counconcentrated contact work among the of After an inspection museum still believed, try, those turned history the who of Ottoman whose all visitors lecture enter the huge of is nation godless. Russia classic. the into a a doctor is a Empire He

hall there in the building and pilgrimage formerly a hear of of Lavra was theology, the Ortho- a member the voice of Lenin, preserved on dox church. He described Orthocenter. The soil of Lavra, which conphonograph records and see the only doxy to me in the following words: tained lime, had peculiar preservmovies of him in existence in Russia, "To the Greek it means theology; ing qualities. The bodies of priests

And if the visitor can read the newsto the Rumanian and Bulgarian it and patriarchs buried there were papers printed in Russia, he often was nationalism; to the Russian it well preserved. The church profinds the name of Lenin linked with was superstition."My contacts claimed the preserved bodies as

some great new Russian achievewith Rusians have convinced me miracles and the corpses buried as ment, with the following comment that this was true. The Russian felt those of saints. These bodies were

attached: "Again we see that an actual need for the church. He placed in new metal coffins. A numLenin was one hundred per cent was dependent on God for his crops, ber of them were dressed in gorcorrect in his teachings and polhis daily living, which was hard geous robes and exposed for public

icies."The visitor cannot help getenough. He felt that storms and worship. Every year thousands of

ting the impression that Communism catastrophies were God's punishpeasants came on pilgrimages to the is attempting to build up the same ment. The church and the priest coffins to pray for special favors, to

infallibility for Lenin that Catholicwere mediator between him and be healed, for to kiss the coffin and ism has built up for the Pope. God. So he paid the church and the robecovered reliques meant reRussia, realizing that Russians must the priest to appease the wrath of lease from infirmity. Incidentally

worship, are attempting to make a god of Lenin, the man who proclaimed that religion is opium for the people.

The youth of Russia has taken to

Lenin. The simple people have developed the legend that as long as

Lenin is permitted to lie in state in

Moscow, Communism will prosper.

Even the home of the still devout churchRussian member Orthodox its picture of Leninhas and the same ANTA GROUPGIRLSOFONPOLISHAN EXCURPEAS-

Christian reverence that is presented SION IN WARSAW.

before the Lord each day is also showered upon Lenin. bivMji

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

These illustrations give a picture of the religious practices in old Russia. Superstition, not faith, was

their basis. The government was

run by a clique of spiritualists, who were constantly receiving visitations. Thinking men and women

saw through the whole rot and worked for the destruction of the church, or they closed their eyes to the background, participated in the ritual and went their way enjoying life around the samovar. What

was passed out to the Russian in the form of religion might well be classed as opium.

So the Russian learned to regard

TRETJATEV ART GALLERY IN MOSCOW all religion as such. My guides in

"Father, His Majesty, the Tsar, Russia generally became curious as such pilgrims would spend thoudesires that these plows be used so to my occupation when I engaged sands of rubles for candles, ikons, that his people may enjoy better them in lengthy conversation. When

and other decorations made in the crops and may be better able to protold that I was engaged in religious monastery. vide for you. I know these plows work they questioned my sanity,

Then the revolution broke out. are still heathen plows, for they have wondering how an intelligent person

The Communists opened all the not been consecrated. Will you could be thus engaged. But our

coffins. What they had surmised kindly bless them so that they will religious conversation generally

was true. Out of 139 coffins, 102 help the good Lord's fields bring demonstrated to me that they knew

were empty. Some of them conforth more bountifully?"With that little or nothing about religion protained large stuffed dolls elaborately he slipped the old batuska five per, except what their antireligious

rubles. batuska blessed The the clothed. decorated and Only a few

A ENTRANCE OF BEAUTIFUL TO THE ALTAR they and contained to use. were put the of plows original mummies IN SERBIAN JUGOSLAVIA. ORTHODOX CHURCH

priests and partriarchs who had been buried there.

f iving in the same building with us in Prague was a Czech engineer who was interned in Russia for four years as a prisoner of war. During

the war between two and three million prisoners virtually ran Russia.

His ability soon brought our friend an important position in a very productive agricultural section in Russia. In early 1916 Russians felt that

something must be done to turn the tide of war. They were running

short of foodstuffs as well as of soldiers and munitions. So our friend

was told to get out among the peasants with some metal plows that had been brought in, to replace the wooden ones with which the Russians still scratched the surface.

One day he entered a village with four of these plows and began to demonstrate them to a group of skeptical muzhiks. They were fascinated by the furrows which he cut.

The plows could be theirs if they would but use them. Just as he felt

that he had sold the peasants the new invention, the village priest, the batuska, approached. He scowled

at this work of the devil and began to inform his flock accordingly. Our

friend saw his success wiped out.

He did some quick thinking. Calling the old priest to one side, he

spoke to this effect:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937 museums, through which every stucially built for that purpose, for dox. New series of tracts will have

dent in Russia is led, have been prewhich a special building permit had to be written and new methods of pared to give them. And when my to be secured, showing that there approach developed. But first of all,

arguments for believing appeared as were congregations for such a buildthe friendship of the governments strong or stronger than theirs for ing. We could distribute no literwill have to be won as it was done in

not believing, they generally had ature, only as a person privately reCzechoslovakia. If that can be aconly one comeback: "If you are quested it. The door to new churches complished, the barriers of prejudice

really a Christian, why do you and was closed and every living person can be broken down and all the opyour people treat the Negro as you in Jugoslavia had his name entered position of religious groups will be do?"on the rolls of some church whether of no avail.

To reopen Russia to religion will he believed or not. Europe has never needed the Gosprobably require the blood of marIn Rumania we found six mempel more than she does at present,

tyrs. There are at least 50,000,000 bers of our own Church, remnants for not even political allies have

atheists in Russia today. The youth of a branch of the Church which confidence in each other. Nations

knows no god and while the ecohad been established in Transylhave refuted their obligations and nomic struggle is on, not much time vania when it still belonged to the selfish spirit of getting as much is given to thinking about life and AustriaHungary. Those people as possible for as little effort as posits real purpose. What will happen were still faithful and on the tithing sible can be felt everywhere. Truly

when people begin to think about records of the Church. They were the state of affairs predicted inthat question, remains to be seen. eager to hold meetings, but political Matthew—"And then shall many be

Probably the true Russian soul will conditions are such that active misoffended and shall betray one anbe able to assert itself. sionary work would not be tolerated other, and shall hate one another,

As antireligious and opposed to or missionaries would be assessed... and because iniquity shall

the teaching of religion as Russia heavily in order to secure the necesabound the love of many shall wax is, just so religious and opposed to sary police permission. cold"—is upon the nations of Euany new religious teaching are Jugorope. What is now happening in

slavia, Rumania, Hungary, Poland, pUROPE has in no wise been exSpain can and may happen elseand a number of other countries in hausted as a missionary field. where before Babylon will realize

which we also have no missionaries. In most countries in which we are that every knee must bow and every

There the dominant church, either now doing missionary work, there tongue confess that Jesus is the

Catholic or Orthodox, has created are many towns and millions of Christ. Yet those who have seen

conditions which permit proselyting people who have never seen a Morthe light, must bring the voice of only under the most unfavorable mon Elder. Whole nations have not warning to those who have not reconditions. In 1933 we baptized an heard the Gospel. But to reach most ceived it. The call of the Church to

investigator in Belgrad, Jugoslavia, of these people new methods will go into the world, that the Gospel of but we were informed that we could have to be adopted. Many of them the Kingdom may be preached in all

hold no public religious lectures or have no knowledge of the Bible, for the world for a witness unto all nameetings except in buildings espethey are either Catholic or Orthotions, must be heeded.

How Lorenzo Snow Found God (Concluded from page 84) that the Gospel of the Son of God had solidly that whatever I was asked to

Prophet had received the authority been restored, and that Joseph was a do in the Church and Kingdom of God, which he professed to have, and of the Prophet of God, authorized to speak I would try to do it."

in name. His Itfulness Gospel. was a comlong President Lorenzo Snow's the I retired to rest, night as "Thatplete tangible in immersion baptism—aof the life devotion to the Gosof faithful manifestations wonderful same were principlethe element, the heavenly or

Holy Ghost, and even more real and repeated, and continued to be for sevpel and to the Church proves how physical in its effects upon every part eral successive nights. The sweet retrue he was to the covenant which

of my system than the immersion by membrance of those glorious experihe made in youth: "If the Lord

water had been a few days before, ences, from that time to the present, gives me a testimony of the truth of dispelling forever, all possibility of bring them fresh before me, imparting Mormonism, direct from Himself, I inspiring influence pervades an which satisfied,doubt.... I was perfectly proentire will life to the devote my

trust will to the and I whole being, my expectations than were morefor my its truths."glorious of mulgation

existence. close of earthly myrealized. time for some I remained... this beconstantly promise kept He perfectly conas soon I became "As full enjoythein of the blissful flow blessings fore him, the glorious with in relation satisfied the to vinced and enlightenment. divinement and

"On arising from my kneeling postruth of 'Mormonism,'everything that that are in store for those who are ture, with my heart swelling with grati- I had thought about in a religious way faithful to the end. This was his

tude to God, beyond the power of exwas changed; every part of my system guiding star through life and his

convinced, the through power became temptation. in of strength the I hourpression, that had knew He felt—I

is that of the Ghost, Holy my God onlyconferred an omon me divinity testimonies the of our Do is elder Father, Christ that Jesus mynipotent being can which this latterday great of whatconfer—that mean work

is that His Brother and Smith Josephis all of the greater value wealth than incius? these as to I hope much... Prophet. bestow. honors canand worlds

life President dents Snow's from revelasatisfaction of glory the the the gave and Lord "The me "When rest strengthen of the us and may Ithat truth the of manifestation extion can Gospel, of the language made no press! I returned to my lodgings. I up my mind that I would do my duty encourage us in a greater love for

could now testify to the whole world and that this principle would be my the Gospel and devotion to its divine that I knew, by positive knowledge, guide through life. I made up my mind teachings.

REINDEER TREK

of the Eskimos is becoming alarmwhy Canada cannot move along ingly threatened. But that is not similar lines profiting by the exall. The reindeer will insure the perience in the countries named.

Eskimo warm clothing against the The government has this in mind severe winter storms that blow in and in addition to its efforts the from the Arctic often taking heavy work of the Hudson Bay Reintoll. deer Company should be mentioned.

When the government embarked This company is inaugurating a on this experiment they turned to commercial herd of reindeer on the

Alaska for the foundation stock. concession in Baffin Island granted

There are in Alaska some 700,000 some time ago to that noted exhead of reindeer, all of which in plorer and interpreter of the addition to the vast numbers killed "Friendly Arctic,"Vilhjalmar Steffor food, have come from the imansson.

portations of 1,280 animals in the years 1892 to 1902 inclusive. The IN this remarkable movement of

original herd came from Siberia to reindeer round the rim of the

Alaska and the presence in that continent skilled Lapp and Eskimo northern territory of these herds herders were employed. They

has had an important bearing on the were under the supervision of a fadevelopment of the country. The mous northman, Andrew Bahr, a

reindeer, it is hoped, will make a Lapp, whose handling of both his similar contribution to the opening men and the herd of 3,000 choice up of Northern Canada. Food is deer will stand out as one of the

always a major consideration in the epochal achievements in northern pushing back of man's frontiers. development. The animals supplied

Meat is the basic food of the north; the Canadian government by the

is the strangest story that it is a necessity. The reindeer will Lomen Reindeer Corporation of

just bethat Alaska were concentrated want. supplyrisever came out of that country fore Christmas, Kotze1929, in the royal commission named The of strange adventures—Arctic some years ago to look into the bue Sound area in Western Alaska.

America. It is a story within a feasibility of introducing the rein- A 2,000mile journey, much of it

story, a new link in that chain of deer into Northern Canada, made a through the polar night, lay ahead episodes in man's endless struggle searching study of the problem, of the hardy "cowboys of the to live. their favorable recommendations north"as they took over their

The history of the race has been listing three reasons why experistrange charges bound for the unone of great migrations to grass mental herds should be located known Far East Land of the White lands, to places of security, to areas there: Chiefs.

of food, of battles for water rights. First. The creation and developBattling the Arctic elements and

The dangers faced by voyagers and ment of such herds will provide the predatory animals ever lurking fishermen on unknown seas, the reliable and economical food supin the shadows to seize and devour, bitter battle against Cold and plies for the natives, both Eskimos the herd was driven along the

Plague and Famine—these play a and Indians. northern edge of the continent and

part in the epic world story. Second. It will provide food in the spring of 1933 they reached

In the trek of the Canadian govsupplies for white men who may go Canadian soil. There plans were

ernment reindeer herd from Alaska in to develop or exploit, as the case made for the final "dash"across to their new home near the mouth may be, the mineral and other the delta of the Mackenzie, that of the Mackenzie river in the Northnatural resources of the north. mighty "Mississippi of the North,"

west Territories a dramatic advenThird. It will lay the foundation to the 6,600 square mile preserve

ture is unfolded. Moreover there for a possible future commercial set aside by the government for

is projected a scientific and social meat industry. them at Kittigazuit.

experiment of farreaching signifiIn connection with the third posIn January, 1934, the crossing cance. For in this transplanting of sibility it may be pointed out that was attempted but due to a furious

animal life the Canadian governin Alaska and Norway—Norway blizzard the herd stampeded returnment hopes to establish permanentis the home of the reindeer—sucing to their grazing ground around

ly the reindeer in Northern Cancessful commercial meat enterprises Shingle Point. Quite a number

ada where by reason of the growing have long been in operation. There were lost but this loss was more

scarcity of caribou, the food supply seems to be no reason therefore than made up by the successful

By C FRANK STEELE climate or feed supply, but rather in the bloodlust of the Eskimo. That

:..;': '":.....:..:::..........:': --. ':":":::>->:: "::;;'; ";.:'.':':>: instinct to slaughter has not asserted

itself and it may never do so yet the possibility of ruthless slaughter is there, hence the need that is recognized for careful guarding of the herd and the education of the Eskimo to the realization that the reindeer will give them food and warmth.

Thus"science joined hands with native skill and daring in this historic Reindeer Trek. Will the Eskimo, in many ways still living in

the Stone Age, respond to the opportunity afforded him? That refawning season at Head Point. At REINDEER P0ST0LIK HERD mains to be seen.

Shingle Point the reindeer were concentrated awaiting favorable but the forest was destroyed by century half a about ago andconditions for the final move to fire of The Story of Our consists mostly growth the newtheir goal.

Early in February, 1935, the canoe birch and spruce. From the Hymns

herders, anxious now to complete eastern side of the plain the Cari- (Concluded from page 101) their task and to return to their bou hills rise to an elevation of "Dundee"by Guillaume Frame feet. plateau the high 500 rejoiced a abouthomes, On they saw when "Laight (15001570); another

hills there lying to the east of these iceteninch the cover fall of snow printStreet;"Stephens one by Evan

at the mouth of the Mackenzie. It are no trees but a good growth of ed in Latterday Saint Hymns, No.

reindeer to moss is be found. that the patiently awaitedappeared setting The 49. is the one A popular animals entire absence predatory of arrived. a windhour had Then published in Deseret School Sunday

dashed their hopes for the ice was in the Kittigazuit region greatly recSongs, No. 292. It was written by

soon swept clear of snow and reinommended it to those who made the Thomas Augustine Arne (1710deer cannot travel on clear ice. selection of reindeer ranges. 1778) and named "Arlington"after

They fall and break their legs. The plan of the government calls a street in Boston. Dr. Arne was

Several inches of snow at least are for the training of the Eskimo in the music composer of the Drury Lane required to provide them with sure care and handling of the reindeer Theatre, London, and wrote operas footing. Later, however, the deer and the advent of a domesticated for his sister Susanna who aftersuccessfully crossed the ice and are animal such as this is likely to have wards became the famous tragic acnow in their new Canadian home. a powerful bearing on the life and tress, Mrs. Cibber. Dr. Arne was

Preparations for the reception social customs of the nomadic Esthe composer of "Rule Britannia."

at the Kittigazuit station had kimo groups. It is a courageous He is said to have been the first to

been completed and the three experiment but one carefully planintroduce female voices in Church

Lapp families brought to Canada ned. The investigation of the pasChoirs. In his last days he took to

by the Department of the Interior to toral possibilities of the region hymn writing and died March 5, care for the herd, assisted the herd- (that lonely country lying between 1778, chanting hallelujahs.

ers in charge of the drive and therethe AlaskaYukon boundary to To Latterday Saints, however, by becoming accustomed to herding Coppermine River) was entrusted the most popular tune to this hymn conditions as thev exist along Canto experts and no stone was left is the one known as the favorite of ada's Arctic coast. Winter and sumunturned to make it thorough and President Wilford Woodruff and

mer grazing grounds have been exhaustive. The government scienscheduled as No. 50 in Latterday

selected east of the Mackenzie river tists after two summers and three Saint Hymns. It is extremely simple

delta. Both ranges are considerwinters in the north "came out"in composition but when sung by

ed satisfactory. with probably the largest single large congregations, it is very imbotanical collection ever brought pressive. Under the name of

The distance between the two back from Arctic America compris- "Harvey's Chant"it was written by camps is approximately sixty ing about 15,000 herbarium speciWilliam Bachelder Bradbury, who miles. The winter station is the mens of vascular plants as well as was born in York, Maine, in 1816.

larger of the two and in many ways collections of zoological specimens He studied music under Lowell the more important, as during the and about 1000 photographs. ValMason, who urged him to go abroad.

greater part of the year the herd uable assistance was given by the Bradbury followed this advice and will be in that vicinity. This staUnited States Bureau of Biological for several years studied in Leipzig,

tion is about 50 miles from Aklavik Survey. Germany. Returning home he deby winter trail and 70 miles by The deer are now thriving in their voted his life to the composition of

water. Suitable buildings have new environmental setting, which hymns. He became the founder of

been erected and there is a power is not unlike their old home in most Sunday School hymnody and pubboat for patrol work. respects of course. They appear to lished sixty different song books with

The buildings have been erected be adapting themselves well and are a distribution of over two million on a fairly level plain. This plain showing normal increase. The copies. He died in Montclair, N. J.,

at one time was heavily timbered danger to the herd lies not in the in 1868.

An American Doctor's Odyssey organize a consumers'cooperative."talking of the wide streets of Mexico

(Victor Heiser, M.D., W. W. NorThe executives and employees of busiCity, he said, "Nowhere have I seen

ton Co., New York, 1936; 535 pages.) ness and industry may welcome the such wide roads, unless it be in Salt

Tn this day when the unusual has beanalysis of what the movement means Lake City, Utah.—M. C. J.

society. to and them And this any Ht>w come common, comes to book To Win Friends and Influis likely to lay not the book reader refreshing ence People vigor stimulatingwith and

information. Its title is well chosen down until he has read the final page, (Dale Carnegie, Simon and Schuster,

for this hygienist doctored in fortyfive even though the hour be 4 a. m. New York, 1936, 337 pages)

assistant Wheelwright, D. ofcountries the world. known to this book, Not Sterling Lowell a foreword Choir. Tn Salt conductor Lake Tabernacle giveonly does information Dr. Heiser that to states according Thomas

field, his particularconcerning but own Ripley, "BelieveIt-orNot"CarDale Rise of Star Lone thealso geographical, about ethnographiccriticized negie speeches, has 150,000 Driggs R. Sarah S. King, and (Howard

al, historical features of the counand total "If that then adds, he grand Stokes Frederick A. Company, Newtries visited. the it he where From that impress doesn't you, remember pages.) 1936, 438 York,

Johnstown flood of 1889, when at the means one talk for almost every day age of 16 he was left orphaned, to his Tn this recent work thrilling stories of that has passed since Columbus disfinal trip from China and his resignathe great Southwest, largely taken covered America."The stimulating

tion, Dr. Heiser recreates a life of from the personal narratives of the result of Mr. Carnegie's work is that

complete fascination that will command Texas pioneers, are polished, colored, the men who have taken his course the absorption of even the ordinarily and supplemented by a scholarly form clubs and continue to meet periodtepid reader. gentleman who has genuine feeling for ically through the years. One such

The study of diseases such as the his task. The collections of Sarah S. group of nineteen men in Philadelphia

bubonic plague although many are igKing, of Texas pioneer lineage, the hishas met twice a month during the norant of its incipiency receives a torical sidelights, and fine descriptive winter season for seventeen years.

treatment that even the least versed writing of Dr. Howard R. Driggs and The book is fascinating in its practiof us can understand. He also menthe illustrations in color and in black cality, stimulating in its power of sugtions at great length the development and white by Edwin W. Deming make gestion, and delightful in its informaand subsequent treatment of cholera. this story of the Union's largest state tion. It is not a "quack"book with

The pleasure is heightened because of both informative and engaging. Spain, superficial information but a book

the humor that the doctor allows to France, England, Mexico, and America based on the results of a fifteen years creep into the pages. Even enlightall play important roles in a dramatic laboratory experimentation on various

ened folk who think that they do not story. De Vaca, De Soto, Coronado, groups of people who were asked to try

need to be reminded of certain saniLa Salle, Moses and Stephen Austin, out what the author had learned. Mr.

tary measures will be brought up short Sam Houston, and many other historic Carnegie himself has been a diligent with the feeling of their lack of gratifigures walk heroically across the pages student not only of human nature but tude for those who safeguard our orstirringthis booktales whichof manybeginsmismanagedwith the alsosame ofsubjectother bybooksmanywrittenwriters.uponIn adthehealth.

ends adventures with freedom and and dition hired trained research he a Doctor's American Odyssey An into the is entrance Union. L. E. R. years to spend one worker and one half interest of booksone the great human

libraries in various biographies readingof this era—M. C. J. Mexico Today statistical reports. Carnegie and Mr.

Irving (Colonel Speed Wallace, Mea-- himself also scores interviewed of emiCooperationConsumer Publishing in America dor 364 pages, Company, nent persons. B. Fowler, ( Bertram Vanguard The Boston, 1936.) is authoritative book The and worthy City,Press, 1936.) York New

of relationtherefore considerable study PanAmerican with with \17hat is sub- a cooperation""into practise to putting end printhe an fostered ships being constant with ject missionreturned familiar to"/Consumer ciples forth set analyzed and /. C. tours, will should M. welcome good wearies Saints the Scandinavian and from familiar us which books more make Childhood the anycountries, England from where and is neighbors. our a with book Such (Illustrated with H. and Dowd J. origin its years ninety hadmovement the Beginning book Mexico Today. selected Scribner's of Rochdale. the weaversago among poems—Charlesby State, Texas, Star with Lone The Sons, York, 1936.) New Americans 2,000,000 of answer "The the leads the us along Rio author

to high prices and shoddy quality has Grande and across the border into Old /hildhood proves fascinating to of a seriesbeen consumer owned the cynical most of mankind, even information be would and Mexico. The

retail,operated wholesale and manuthis fasciit doubly and makes book planning valuable if one were to make enterprises"observesfacturing nating. of babies and The illustrations is interesting the the even when trip—andauthor, the relation of the in showing exquisitely children are very young traveling one is merely The by book.

plan to democracy and American inpictures are enticing and illustrate the executed. The book is divided into

stitutions. book freely. several sections: Baby Days, Growing

For a people who believe in "keepThe last four pages which include Older, Children and Animals, Outof- ing our money at home,"the book proitems about the capitals and their popuDoors, Special Days and Doings, and vides a fascinating tale of some siglations are very valuable since they give Time for Bed.

nificance. The L. D. S. reader will information that is not readily available The book will delight any by reason

find many associations with early soand yet which is sometimes essential of the illustrations as well as the secial experiments peculiar to this to get. The chapters deal with everylected poems which number among

Church. thing of interest in Old Mexico. In them verses by Christina Rossetti,

Numerous "success stories"show fact, when the author wrote of the typiEmily Dickinson, Charles and Mary what the farmers of Minnesota, Ohio, cal dishes, it made me think of the torLamb, Eugene Field, Robert Louis and Wisconsin have gained from ortillas that I had eaten as a child. One Stevenson, and Thomas Hood of the

ganization. Not only rural families, feature that appealed very much was older generation and poems by many

but all people of limited income may that he did not hesitate to include other of the newer and younger writers.

prize most the instructions on "how to information; for instance, when he was M. C. J.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Aothers are sometimes at a loss as The letters are written in the dethe top, or whether life holds better to just where to go to look for lightful manner which this gifted things for her."

information which will prove stimunovelist has used to advantage in The author mentions that teachlating and readily adaptable to their her other works. She treats iners are constantly doing the wrong

needs. This month we thought it formally and yet authoritatively thing in stressing the money angle

might be wise to run into this page many of the problems which conof education. Mothers too are holdsome helpful information gleaned front young women. She answers ing an inferior concept of living in

from various sources so that you in their questions concerning the profront of their children when they turn might pass it to your children. prieties, courtesies, and niceties of use money as the measuring rod of

Every mother should read first their existence. The book will prove success.

for herself and then hand to her a rare tonic for both mothers and The other article, also appearing daughter to read the little book daughters to take in liberal doses. in the January Harper's is "Here

called Letters to Susan, written by In Harper's Magazine for Janand Now: A Word to Parents,"by

Margaret Culkin Banning and pubuary, two exceptionally good articles I. A. R. Wylie. Several years ago,

lished by Harper and Brothers of appear, which all mothers will do I remember having read a condenNew York. The first section dealwell to read in their entirety. The sation of a similar article by the same

ing with "The Situation"is a clear first of these articles is "Tell the author. That article appeared in the

summation of the position in which a Girls the Truth"and is written Reader's Digest. It shocked me with

young woman finds herself today. anonymously by a Fifth Avenue all that it implied. I do not know that

To most mothers this chapter will Buyer. Every girl should be trained I could even recommend upon readbe an eyeopener to the conditions for some vocation. Too many ing this article, having been prepared

which confront a young woman and women have been left helpless either somewhat by her earlier one, a simfor which she must be prepared. by the deaths of their husbands or ilar freedom to other youngsters

Mothers too often neglect to look the tragedy of depression for all of which was accorded Miss Wylie, into the modern world of change us not to wish girls to forestall abbut I am heartily in accord with her and unsteady values; they therefore solute destitution both for themidea that we need to encourage

do not understand and cannot adeselves and their children by having greater independence among even quately answer the girl's problems. some chosen field into which they the very young children.

Mrs. Banning, herself a mother can enter. Miss Wylie at the age of ten was

who demanded almost too much However, this article points out able to do effectively some things from her daughter, makes her own very clearly that there is not an which many at the age of twenty statement at the end of this chapoverly great chance for them to adare not able to accomplish. Her

ter: "If I am demanding, it is bevance to financially great heights. point is well taken when she states

cause I care so much. I know what In spite of this, there is a real opthat many of our school boys turn

a great burden is on the girl of toportunity for personal advancement our roads into battlefields with highday, and for all her apparent nonin happiness and satisfaction from powered cars because they have chalance, she knows it too. She must the work done. This is accomplishbeen held back so long that alcarry all the new responsibilities ed, this buyer assures us, "through though they look adult, they within

we can conjure up for her, earn her the development of those personal themselves "remain bewildered, living and somehow restore and imqualities which distinguish each infrightened, and consequently agprove much of the charm that dividual young woman from every gressive and dangerous children."

harsher feminists tossed aside. She other woman... If a young woman Miss Wylie believes that childmust be able to earn her way, pay wants intelligently to find happiness, hood should be happy and carefree

her own fare, and yet have every her biggest job... is to decide, but that it should not be prolonged

quality of feminine companionship. through increasing knowledge of for onethird of the active life. FunShe must meet the terrible compeherself and through looking the cold damentally, Miss Wylie is right; we

tition of emotion in the world today, facts of the economic system mothers do prolong unnecessarily which is m worse than it ever was squarely in the eye, whether or not the infancy of our children. We do

because of the early start it gets and she should direct her strenuous efnot encourage them to think and act the prolongation it insists on among forts towards edging into the narfor themselves independent of our both men and women..,. row, exclusive channel leading to judgment. We expect them to de-

"If we had a safe, settled adult velop miraculously into responsible, world to open to a girl, if we could thinking adults when during their promise her even a choice between childhood and adolescence we have a small job and a good man's love, shielded them from every independit would be different. But we are ent action. Our task as parents

so confused ourselves that we canshould be to lay the foundation well not distinguish between the basic and then enable them to think and and the temporary. We only know act according to their best judgment.

this: that little of the danger and If we do this, we can rest assured

happiness that girls ever faced has that the world will move forward at been destroyed, and more peril and an even more rapid and saner pace fortunately more joy have been than we of the protected older genadded."eration could make it move.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

From Tropical North Australia SUSAN B.

By THOMAS D. REES

President of the Australian Mission ANTHONY

HONORED By MARY F.

KELLY PYE

Recently a threecent postage stamp has been issued by the U. S. Post Office bearing the

portrait of Miss Susan B. Anthony,

the great woman suffrage leader.

This honor is deeply appreciated by her many friends and especially by the women voters. Only one

other American woman has been so honored by the Post Office De-

L. D. S. NAMBOUR CHAPEL partment, she being Martha Washington.

few months ago two Elders vices or read their literature. This Susan B. Anthony was born Feblaboring in the state of propaganda, instead of hindering the ruary 15, 1820, at Adams, MassaQueensland, Australia, were work, aroused the curiosity of the chusetts, of Quaker parents.Agiven permission to travel into the people, so that they gathered to hear Her father was much opposed

tropical North country of that secwhat was being preached, and also to strong drink and Susan early betion. They were instructed to stop to ask many questions. There were came a staunch temperance advoand preach the Gospel whenever imtimes when the Elders were required cate. Her first public work in bepressed by the Spirit of the Lord. to talk from ten to twelve hours a half of temperance was in 1852

They traveled by foot through a day to meet the many inquiries of the when she attended a meeting of the country densely wooded, dotted public. "Sons of Temperance,"in Albany,

here and there by clearings made for In their search for a suitable place New York. Upon rising to comfarm lands. to hold meetings the missionaries ment upon a certain motion, Miss

All along the way people seemed learned that a little church building Anthony was informed that "the anxious to hear them and treated was for sale. As a result of faith, sisters were not invited to speak but

them kindly. The friendly farmers prayer, and earnest endeavor, the to listen and learn."As a result

supplied them with bananas, pinebuilding was purchased for a very of this treatment she and others apples, pawpaws, custard apples, reasonable amount. It was repaired organized the Women's Temperoranges, and long pieces of sugar and furnished sufficiently, through a ance Society of New York, the first

cane. fund which was collected by memof its kind ever formed.

their to In the eagerness advance district. building of the bers The hike mile After a hundred about of the cause temperance, women hill is overside of the a located on city at the missionaries arrivedthe

if the that could idea they conceived city looking of the The Nambour. a located theyof Here Nambour. their for choice to permitted be vote piece of with large procured ground, families lived Saints of onfew who officials, of they might government is building, to the sodded downnearby they farms which owned. election office of secure holders the tree eucalyptus big grass. gum A vispeople seldom beenThese had the so -cause further would who or six in lawn, north the and grows Elders.ited by their hearts. to near in trees south are the seven banana that being Elders, impressed The

this was the place they were to lawn. Tt is not generally known that

work, began distributing Church litOn Sunday, September 23, 1936, Miss Seraph Young, daughter of erature and holding street meetings. less than ten months after the arrival B, H. Young and a grandniece of

People became interested immediof the missionaries, the little chapel President Brigham Young, was the ately and started to read the tracts was dedicated by President Thomas first woman in the United States to and attend the meetings. This in- D. Rees of the Australian Mission. cast her vote with as good a right

terest portrayed by so many people At this service the building was filled as any male citizen. Utah, howaroused opposition to the extent that with Saints and investigators, who ever, was not the first state or terrimany slanderous articles were pubwere thrilled by the manifestations tory of the Union which, by legislished against the missionaries and of the Spirit of the Lord, and by the lative enactment, gave the franchise

their religion. Not only were they promise given in the dedicatory to women. On December 10, 1869,

denounced as dangerous men who prayer that the branch would grow the legislature of the newly organshould be avoided, but people were and be known for good among peoized territory of Wyoming had also warned not to attend their serple of that community. passed a law granting equal suf110

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937 frage to both sexes and it was not Scriptural CrossWord Puzzle - New Testament Books until two months later (February (See John 21:25)12, 1870) that Acting Governor

S. A. Mann signed an act giving

the elective franchise to the women of Utah.

For twelve years the women of Utah enjoyed the franchise but on

March 22, 1882, during the antipolygamy crusade, this privilege was withdrawn from them by the passing in Congress of the Edmunds-Tucker Law which disenfranchised all polygamists.

It must not be supposed that in 1882 the women of Utah meekly accepted disenfranchisement. A

Utah Suffrage Association was formed with Sarah M. Kimball as

president, meetings were held, and representative women were sent as delegates to Woman Suffrage conventions in Washington, D. C,

where they came in contact with

Miss Anthony.

Miss Anthony paid two visits to

Utah, the first in June, 1871, when accompanied by Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Both of the women spoke

in the Tabernacle on June 29. The

second visit was in May, 1896, when, accompanied by Anna Shaw,

Miss Anthony was greeted with a ACROSS royal welcome.

In appreciation of Susan B. An- 1 Thisa brotherepistle ofwasourdoubtlessLord written by 2932 Central"to be thefigure.. of. ofthetheGospelsworld"1 John

thony's services and loyal support, 5 "to whom hath the... of the Lord 4: 14 (var.)

on that lady's eightieth birthday anbeen revealed?"John 12: 38 35 Number of virgins in a parable

in churches of written Gospels, longest of the by Asia to whom 7 The 36 Number ( repniversary, of Utah, the women: Rev. 1 4 physician"beloved "the John wrote A. Caine, Margaretresented by 11 in a of his throne chapters set day Philemon sat on Herod 38 Upon Number

president of the Utah Silk Associato do this Acts 12: 21 42 "And they took him, and brought him

tion) presented her with a hand13 Samson's riddle was this unto..."Acts 17: 19

some brocaded black silk dress pat1415 King"The when... headChristis wasa crownborn of glory"4947 ACaptainsmall ofstarDavid's army 2 Sam. 20:4

tern which she highly appreciated. under a certain condition 51 Epistle that Paul wrote to a Greek in

In her letter of acknowledgment 16 Making dear Crete she said: "The fact that the mul19 Ridge of drift 52 Two epistles written by "an apostle of

berry trees grew in Utah... in a 2021 RecordBabylonianof a deitysingle event 53 TheseJesusbooksChrist"are in the New one

state where women are politically 23 Preposition 54 "..., and it shall be given you"

equal with men, greatly enhances its 25 Christ rode on one 55 "..., and ye shall find"

value."Miss Susan B. Anthony 27 Preposition

died March 13. 1906, at Rochester,

New York.

DOWN

of Calossians chapter Last books bear the 26 Testament New Solution to January Puzzle 1 Four in the ground of this 28 apostle Found name 2 Barren soil (Scot.) 30 Royal Navy

3 Defies 31 School for religious teaching 4 English college 33 One 6 This epistle was written in Corinth and 34 Satellite of Jupiter sent by Phebe 37 "O generation of..."Matt. 3: 7

7 Bird 39 Fish 8 Custom 40 Smokes 9 Ghost (Gr. Relig.) 41 He testified for Christ by writing a

10 Genus of snakes book of 28 chapters 12 Collection of Old Norse songs 42 In this book, 7 across continues the his13 Paul's epistle to the first church estabtory given in his Gospel lished in Europe 43 Bitter vetch 17 Growing out 44 "stand in the..."Ezek. 22: 30

18 Civet 45 Satiate 19 "... sheep I have"John 10: 16 46 The shortest of the Gospels

22 Expiate 48 "no... is of the truth"

23 "his strange..."Isa. 28: 21 50 "But we... Jesus"Heb. 2: 9

24 "Joshua burnt..."Josh. 8: 28

The journal OF ARCHER WALTERS PART VI

Continuing the selftold story of a man who with his "* wife and five minor children, left home and country and comfort to cast his lot with those who, in the midnineteenth century were sacrificing all material considerations and even life itself for their testimonies of Gospel truth.

Traveled about 12 miles. Thunder. 22ND

11TH Passed off the ferry at Elk Horn.

Repairing carts. Storm.

12TH 23RD Ditto. Very hot day. Traveled about 14 HARRIET CROSS WALTERS, WIFE OF ARCHER

WALTERS, SHARED ALL THESE EXPERIWHO

ENCES WITH HER HUSBAND. 13TH miles. Harriet much better.

Wrote to England and rested.

JULY 5TH, 1856 24TH A deer or elk served out to camp. 14TH Very hot. Went about 18 miles.

Brother Parker brings into camp his Worked all day at carts. Harriet still better.

little boy that had been lost. Great

joy right through the camp. The 15TH

mother's joy I can not describe. ExDitto. Harriet still very ill. 25TH

miles.pect we are going to rest. Washing, Traveled about 18 x/2

etc., today. Jordan Creek. Made 16TH

a pair of sashes for the old farmer. Ditto. 26TH

Indian meal; no flour. Slept well. Passed over the ferry—Luke Fort.

17TH Traveled about 6 miles. As soon as6TH Florence City we crossed traveled Left and doors farmer,—for the Made 2

miles. about to to black. 3 Went Weit hadlookednot verygot heavyfar andandit dollars with boarded3 farmer. and

seek work to buy a pair of shoes began to lightning and soon the roarec? about the middle thunder Sarah but got no and for work for want7TH lightall the the train handcarts there night; Stopped of tools. of of Harriet better. Lydia poorly.

in to struck fell a stable. a brother and he back to ning CameTraveled about 20 miles. slept

in the that body. 17th. Friday morning, more camp rise no By

8TH name of Henry Walker, from CarTraveled a round about road 18TH lisle Conference, aged 58 years.

20 miles. Crossed the river MisHarriet very ill. Bought her some Left a wife and children. One boy

souri and camped at the city of little niceties, but she could not eat burned a little named James StodFlorence. Very tired; glad to rest. the pickles. Had a piece of buffalo dard; we thought he would die but

Slept well. Lydia better and Harbeef given to me. he recovered and was able to walk,

riet. All in good spirits. Expect and Brother Wm. Stoddard, father

to stop some time. Old Winter 19TH of the boy was knocked to the

Quarters. Repairing carts all day. ground and a sister, Betsy Taylor,

was terribly shook but recovered.

9TH 20TH. Allaboutwet2 milesthrough.from theThisferryhappenedand we Rested. Florence City.

Preparing to start, Traveled then went 2 miles to camp. I put

10TH about 7 miles. the body with the help of others, on

Repairing handcarts. Could have the handcart and pulled him to camp

got 3 or 4 dollars per day had 21ST and buried him without a coffin for

I not engaged with Bro. Spencer to Traveled about 18 miles. Harthere were no boards to be had.

repair the carts. Harriet better. riet better. ( To be Continued

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

COTTONWOOD WARD of a special honor accorded to an aged

OUTSTANDDEACONS MAKE THE MISSION OF rumPioneerpictureof thewhichWard,occupiesthe officialan entirequoING ACTIVITY RECORD THE CHURCH page and includes the bishopric and'T'he permanent values and wholeof supervisors, of items a number and A the mission Church HPhe of of in satisfaction to secured be some interest of pictures including general Latterday Christ """Jesus offollowing the ProPriesthood Aaronic

President Elder Grant Heber and J. is establish to Saints peace. in the outlined as quorum mangram

site the the at Albert of Smith George is its living Christ head. The in outuals demonstrated been have

is Place"the "This Monument, new over one hundred Under Him thestanding fashion quorums two by activities of other Priesthood Aaronic in the thousand Church menof the of Deacons Cottonwood Ward in interest items groups of world and divinely to repare authorized Stake.of Cottonwood religion. science and in variously resent asHim activities of the quorums, which The

are Calvin Kuhre Anderson and Jack is It positions. signed the duty of closely followed year the pastduring

of with Presidents the quorums, two representatives these to manifestthe of Prethe program recommended supervisor as and O. Anderson N. love, brotherly first toward one reflectedsiding Bishopric, in are the

Ellis assistant supervisor. as Tronier all another, then toward manrecently has scrapbook whichquorum

is of the Algot chairman Johnson Ward to unity, kind; seek harmony, and to Presiding attention of the thecome Committee. Priesthood The in organizations peace the Aaronic withinBishopric. the of scrapbook, one The includes bishopric Stayner, C. T. Newprecept Church, then, by and andprojects for all suggested of quorums

Faust. A. and George ell Kuhre virtues example, these extend inthe Priesthood and 1936 Aaronicagain for 1937, is intended to conthroughout the world.—Fromtain a permanent record in picture and "Christmas Greetings from The STANDARD QUORUM AWARD

story of the activities of the quorum, First Presidency,"Deseret News. "Deports from Stake Chairmen of

of unusual achievements of quorum *"Aaronic Priesthood listing quorums members in educational, social, or civic in their respective stakes which have activities and of news items of general set the standards the Prereached by 1847 caught their first glimpse of theinterest. for siding Bishopric the Standard

Salt Valley, of Lake a report the anof the scrapbook Cottonwood The at the are expected Award Quorum nual turkey banquet, with complete a is replete such Deacons withWard earliest possible are date. reports The

financial menu, report account and allmaterials. roster the It includes of roll the of to books from be quorum made the program, printed tickets programs,officers, all signatures of with members include only unquorum and members

advertising matter and prepared by birth, pictures ofdates accounts and of age. years members, der Adult 20

of hikes, outings, and special excursions quorum members for a concert of the whose names should be recorded in the including a trip to Antelope Island in Gustav Adolph Male Chorus, an event Adult Aaronic Priesthood roll books, sponsored and managed members by Salt Lake one toGreat and Big Mounthe quorums, a letters from the in of Pioneerstain where Mormon member quorumare not inchargedcompilingagainstreports.any regular from copies talks of home, away given the for Requirements which award by Deacons in Sacrament Meeting, a DEACONS'N. ANDERSON.CENTER—ORLANDO is be inaugurated in to 1936 was and

SUPERVISOR; KUHRE, PRESfeature, LEFT—CALVIN Mother's snapshots of Day listed lesson in all continued in 1937 are FIRST QUORUM;IDENT ANDERRIGHT—JACK in quorum leaders and membersSON, PRESIDENT QUORUM, SECOND COTTONfor 1937. a manuals 1936 and

of poses, illustrated variety STAKE. WARD, an COTTONWOODWOOD account set high purposely Standards were

as an incentive to outstanding achievement. At the same time, however, the

names of all adults were authorized to be transferred to special rolls in order to have the figures represent only those under 20 years of age, making the standard easier of attainment.

The plan has created considerable interest throughout the Church and is credited with increasing activity in many stakes and wards.

The procedure recommended by the

Presiding Bishopric is that the Stake

Aaronic Priesthood Committee is to check all quorum roll books to learn which quorums have reached the required standards. A list of the quorums qualifying is then to be sent

directly to the Presiding Bishopric.

The awards will be sent to the bishop of the ward for all quorums in his ward which have qualified with the recommendation that the award be made in Sacrament meeting to the quorum officers, with the quorum seated as a body in an appropriate place on the stand or near it. It is also suggested that the Stake Committee ar113

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

range with the Stake Presidency for FAIRVIEW AARONIC GRANT STAKE REPORTS suitable recognition of the standard PRIESTHOOD PROMOTES COMPLETE ADULT quorums in stake conference or stake SOCIAL ACTIVITY ORGANIZATIONS

Priesthood meetings.

The awards have been printed on T)riests, Teachers, and Deacons of pVERY ward in Grant Stake was orheavy certificate paper suitable for * Fairview South Ward of North L'ganized for Adult Aaronic Priestframing. Each award will contain the Sanpete Stake were hosts to the Stake hood work ready to begin the New

individual signatures of Presiding Presidency, the Ward Bishopric and Year. In a report to the Presiding

Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon and his quorum supervisors at a banquet and Bishopric the names of all ward superpreceding dance, the holidays. Onecounselors, Smith and David A. John visors for listed adults the were and

thirty persons hundred seated at were willWells. prepared be and Awards of of number members comward the banquet neatly served which was bysent as are reports out as received soon mittees. range committees These from girls uniformed inof the ward. An stake Priesthoodfrom Aaronic com- 2 to 13 members. Pond, M. A. Swen teresting program the preceded dance.mittee chairmen.

The three Aaronic Priesthood quorums Johnson, Clement Sanders, and L. W.

OAHU STAKE SETS PACE financed this event as a part of the Aamodt are the stake committee for "pOR nine consecutive months Oahu social and fraternal program. Adult Aaronic Priesthood work.

Stake in faroff Hawaii has led the entire Church in attendance at Aaronic

Priesthood Quorum meetings. While

one of the "baby"stakes of the Church, that a record has setOahu may well groups. otherbe emulated by The Uaronic Priesthood

average attendance during this period in high as 62 percenthas gone as consecutive has not gone months and two Standard iuomm Btoard below 49 percent at any time. This is

considerably better than double the is issued by the Presiding Bishopric of the Church

Church average and is an exceptional of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to the record. The ten leading stakes in

Aaronic Priesthood Quorum attendance Maricopa are Oahu 40%, 49%,

York,Los Angeles 38%, New 37%, forof themeritorious achievement inWard of Stalee in commendation

Pasadena 36%, Granite 34%, Bonneville 33%, Long Beach 32%, Taylor Priesthood Quorum Mirity 32%, and Highland 32%. during the year This Quorum has reached the recommended standards

is entitled to recognition as a standard quorum.MAKE ADJUSTMENTS NOW and

At the beginning of the year is an Signed * especially favorable time to bring > Dated ai Salt Lake City, Utah into activity those who have not been ordained, to advance those who are worthy and who have reached the proper ages, to complete quorum organizations when necessary, to form new quorums if there are sufficient FORM OF AWARD CERTIFICATE BEING SENT TO STANDARD QUORUMS members to do so, and in general lay a foundation for a successful and profitable year for our boys and young men.

MANUAL COMMITTEES URGED THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW for Priests, TeachManuals f esson *"* should A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the ers, and Quorums Deacons subjects Lord's Law of Healthbe ordered immediately.Priests—"PriesthoodThe as follows:are

and Spiritual Growth"; Teachers

—"Priesthood"Priesthood Responsibility";and the DevelopmentDeaconsof THE OVERFLOWING FOUNTAIN OF EVIL

Character."The price is 10c each.

All orders should be sent to the PreResolution Drafted by Horace Mann at Ohio State siding Bishop's office with remittance Teachers Association Meeting in 1856.

accompanying the order. A new suggestion this year is that a special lesson "Tt is no extravagance to say that the sum total of prudence, of wisdom, of

manual committee be appointed in comfort of exemplary conduct, and of virtue, would have been today sevenevery quorum or class to take the fold what they are throughout the world but for the existence of intoxicating orders of members. Every member beverages among men; and that the sum total of poverty, of wretchedness, of

should have the manual and study the crime, and of sorrow, would not be onetenth part today what they are now but lessons regularly. The appointment for the same prolific, overflowing fountain of evil No one can deny that

of a special committee should greatly intemperance carries ruin everywhere. It reduces the fertile farm to barrenness.

increase the use of the manuals and in It suspends industry in the shop of the mechanic. It banishes skill from the

turn improve the quantity and quality cunning hand of the artisan and artist. It dashes to pieces the locomotive of the

of quorum activities. All such orders engineer. It sinks the ship of the mariner. It spreads sudden night over the

should be given to the supervisor solar splendors of genius. But nowhere is it so ruinous as in the school and the

promptly and by him given to the ward college, as upon the person and character of the student, himself."

clerk.—"Allied Youth."

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

by the report for the first nine months of 1936 as tabulated in the Presiding

Office. first time since the inauguWard Teacher's Message for March, 1937 Bishop'sFor the

LIVING OUR RELIGION ration of the Adult Aaronic Priesthood plan, the quarterly reports list

Tpon every person claiming membership in the Church rests the responadults separately from those under 20 sibility of so living that every act will reflect credit upon the Church. years of age. This being the first tabThe first obligation resting upon the Church, as declared by the ulation covering a similar period comProphet Joseph Smith, is to preach the Gospel to the world. This is a parisons are not available with other

it is clearly evident but that subcalling. great exalted But the second obligayears sacred and responsibility—a stantial gains been have in Adult made is still religion, higher tion, that of living our and greater.

activity Priesthood during the Aaronic obligations are closely related. very These the of two preaching The

all practically year. past In these cases

if in effectiveness, increased Elders be immeasurably would the demonare paired adults brethren other with fruits reflected all strated lives in of of the of were Mormonism members in are the experienced work. Rewho If live faith principles plain to the the Church. of have enough our we

stake ports from Priesthood Aaronic religion, all practice to taught are desdays, been have our what we we indicate supervisors greater an even If to earth."tined of the "the pride for glory care our become and we increase during 1937.

if better other than churches do; greater our poor people enjoy young

opportunities and privileges, and grow up free from sin and uncontaminated The following stakes are leaders in the adult the of of number members if for the of are distinguished world; the honesty, wickedness our with we of years 20 Aaronic Priesthood—those spirit all true in things; sobriety, industry, of cooperation the our our and

in or age engaged ward older—now if if live lives longer; better actually health are happier our have and do we teaching: Salt Pioneer, 57; 45; Lake,

fuller, to efforts will the of the the misand know, soon world come and 37; 35; Duchesne, 31; Hyrum, Wayne, effect. far will will force greater sionaries Elders and sought have be The

29; Logan, 26; Cache, 26; Emery, North live will friends after. us impressed. be among Our nonMormon who

23; 23; Oneida, Uintah, 22; Weber, before. will as never expand and Church grow The

22; Sevier, 22; Ensign, Wells, 21; Sumall missionary cannot do abroad, but valuable work render can we We 20. mit,

service at missionary important is here this and home. simple our do To

is of duty. unquestionably favorable the Church The standing more than BOX ELDER STAKE ever before. favorable be, if more much But how would it we all really lived our religion? STANDARDS FOR This is a day of demonstration. Seventeen hundred missionaries may WARD TEACHERS

preach this Gospel loud and long, far and near, but they can never preach Duty of Ward Teachers:

it with the convincing power that we can do by living it.

Watch over the Church.

Be with and strengthen.

iniquity.AARONIC PRIESTHOOD WARD of inactive members and those known No

TEACHING SHOWS INCREASE to be critical are assigned to older No backbiting.

brethren with wide experience in No lying.

qf the teaching members byT17ard affairs. condiChurch such Under slandering. No

is showing Priesthood * Aaronic tions reports that indicate of the work that See often. meets Church the indicatedgratifying as increase by as teachers young only is not men ward

all that duty. See do their first of nine forreports the months in entirely satisfactory but cases many

1936, recently tabulated in the ofis as thorough and effective as that of fice of the Presiding Bishopric. Eleven older men. Ward Teachers Require:

thousand and thirtyseven, or practically 25 per cent of the members Fortythree stakes have 100 or more Authority of the Priesthood.

of the Aaronic Priesthood from 12 members of the Aaronic Priesthood Knowledge of the Gospel.

acting as of under age 20 years ward acting as age, of yearsto 20 are now for the work. Love

teachers. stakes following have The Considering teachers.regular ward Determination to do his duty. the lead than more 150 and Church small perfact that a comparativelythe

in this activity: 236; Wells, Ogden, are thus engagedcentage of Deacons a St. Salt What 226; Lake, 204; Ward Teacher Should Joseph,

it is number that a substantial evident Be: and 190; Pioneer, 193; North 195; Do Weber, are Priests and Teachersof ordained

Rexburg, 188; 187; South Davis, Cottoregularly ward teaching in assigned acquainted. Get 183; 183; Snowflake, tonwood, Logan, recommendations the withaccordance where most 156; 160; Palmyra, 157; needed in cases of East Be Jordan, Bishopric.of the Presiding sickness 153; 156; Maricopa, Cache, and death. Hyrum,

An increasing number of ward 153, and Grant, 152. Visit each family monthly.

Aaronic Priesthood supervisors are Go to homes with love in his heart in training special givingnow for for love God, AARONIC His children, PRIESTHOOD Have ward ADULT membersteaching, quorum preparing is for all that and good. ACTIVE TEACHING IN WARD calling in the effective workto do

which has been assigned to them by /ratifying results of the missionary Don't believe all you hear, but berevelation. A desirable procedure V* phases of the Adult Aaronic lieve all you say.

now being followed in many wards Priesthood Plan are indicated in the Tact is less what you say than how is to have members of the Aaronic return to Church service of 1433 you say it.

Priesthood assigned only to homes of members as ward teachers. This deAttend monthly report meetings and

active members of the Church. Homes cidedly encouraging result is shown give report.

:.. )..

General Superintendence General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M.

ALBERT I.FOXA. E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

GEORGE Q. MORRIS LUCY GRANT CANNON

FRANKLIN L. WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN VAN NOY,

Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Secretary

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

OPERA latter are described on pages 9496 available use a descendant if possible ) '"Phe opera should now be well under of the Community Activity Manual, In memory of those remaining and edition. intelinspiration 1933 departed and whose If not already have done you way.

this ligence organizapossible out of the teaching of dance Growing madeso, Dithe Music, and Drama, Dance this origtion, I light the fundamentals candle. rays should these come May inrectors, with connection the Comholi- protract dances. the to us February therefrom and same January get inal should Activity Chairmen munity

reare the for giving thought instrucness of big months which and action operatogether and determine how the its in Instrucfundamentals. at the time of in dance volved their minds it is to tion that is, whether is to be used;

be used as a stage production or to be tors should keep in mind constantly conception. (Lights candles.) Slight

sung in concert as a part of the music that these fundamentals should result pause.

festival. Either will be very satisfacin the group organizing original steps. No. 2. (Representing M. I. A. prestory. Make your groups enthusiastic immeidency at time slogans were inThe libretto written for our own diately with the idea of creating origtroduced )

special use will make it a very clever inal dances. Have them start with a I light this candle in honor of the

stake performance, and not difficult to simple fourmeasure step and then add master minds which instituted for us do. The average ward should be able to it. Keep in mind form and balance the M. I. A. slogans, that we may

to produce it successfully. and then see if you can not put tocontinually be reminded of standards

By having the music sung and the gether suggestive materials from the to obtain. ( Lights candle, then those in

story told the basis of a very excepvarious wards and unite them in a real semicircle repeat in turn one slogan tional music festival could be laid. stake dance. Not only ihe waltz and each up to present theme. Slogans

If used as a stage production, the the fox trot can be the form of these to be found in executive manual.

opera provides an opportunity for the original dances, but they may include No. 3. (Representing this year's

entire personnel of the Community Acline, circle, or quadrille formations orpresidency). Lighting candle before

tivity Committee to combine their efganized for any number of dancers. speech. As the beam from this candle

could be the mostforts in making what yetoutstanding have opera used THEME CEREMONY burning,adds "lightmay feet"this year'sto thosethemealreadymore we in M. I. A. If the entire committee TT'his suggested exercise for Sunday fully penetrate our souls. Slight pause.

will pool their efforts it should give evening joint program was submitNo. 4 ( Youth of today ). Lights canpeople a real treat and add to the richted by Nina F. Moss of South Davis dle while saying speech to "candle."

ness of community life. Stake Representing the yc'uth of today I

this light candle, inDRAMA Cast unselfishly andi. diligently,nor of thosehave who so Two men, 2 women.

HpHE middle of February should see No. 1 to represent original members. labored to hew the path for us from

* the opera Martha pretty well finNo. 2 to represent one of presidency the beginning. That we may ever be

ished and the drama festival, through at time slogans were instituted. alert"and willing to press forward,

the use of the threeact plays, being No. 3 to represent present M. I. A. making good use of our inheritance

planned. presidency of ward. and shielding our light from extinction

Reports from the field indicate that No. 4 to represent youth of today. is the desire of the youth of M. I. A.

the oneact plays have been well liked Enough members to represent each Theme girl immediately lifts baton and in general well presented. It is year's slogan except that of the presor wand and requests audience to arise

expected that the threeact plays will ent year. (Preferred 2 Scouts, 2 Bee and repeat this year's theme and sing

(Organistbe equally successful. The plan to have Hive Girls, 2 Explorers, 2 Juniors, 2 M the chorus of "Carry On."

certain wards do certain plays and Men, 2 Gleaners, and as many Seniors must be ready immediately following exchange with other wards has been and Adults as necessary to complete). theme with chord for pitch of song )

generally followed and well liked. It One girl ( or boy ) to lead congreCongregation seated, participants

is thought that the threeact arrangegation in this year's theme and song march off stage.

ment will be as successful. (Carry On); may be costumed, if de-

"So This Is London"is a clever sired; holds lighted candle for others

comedy and should give pleasure both to light their candles.

to those who play it as well as to those Equipment orrddidfewho witness it. The semireligious One card table neatly covered, 4

be Passes"will Strangerplay "A imholders, 4 Chairmen; Emily C. Adams, and candles (if possible, differAxel A. Madsen audiSaint Latterdaypressive among ) ent colors Neslen, Grace C. L. R. L. Evans, A. Stevenson,

ences. Formation Laura P. Nicholson, Aurelia Bennion.

platform. or stage Any FESTIVALDANCE is asked, question the often Co table placed Have

is literature?"one Another before services "What DanceHPhe center. in stage festival this year should begin

is, literature?"Various is good the "What dances; of original be up made for ceremony, have ready When from it and people answered have using this year are dancestwo we to enter participants for and are march

"The Gleam Waltz"and "The Aloha take places in semicircle. many different angles. C. Alphonso

Oe Fox Trot,"as well as the "Gold Smith in his book, What Can Literaand Green Centennial Waltz,"and the Ceremony ture Do For Me, says that literature "Gold and Green Caprice."These No. 1. (If original member not includes all writings that express for

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

us what we consciously or unconDo you know that the book has sciously feel the need of saying but thirteen chapters, every one a stimuat Linlator? of them Smith, cannot. Try one According to Mr. once—if

so. is literature already done Your Heoneu you haven't coln's Gettysburg Address

because he said for the people who M. LA. library probably has the book, Helen S. Williams, Chairman; Erma Roland, Ann

were listening and for those who have but if not, you can buy all thirteen M. Cannon, Rose W. Bennett, Katie C. Jensen.

since read it, just what they would chapters found under one cover for TPhis is the time of year for inventory like said. seven and eightthir- a to have stock of * taking, to take the time

chapter. dollar—justcents a Lee Jesse requirements, objectives Bennett in What Books teenths Gleaner and

Can Do For You, says: "Books can If you do not have a desire to own and to replenish efforts, preparation,

not take the place of life. Books can- a book personally, thirteen of you and enthusiasm. Is every Gleaner girl

not give us what experience can give could buy one for eight cents each, a tithe payer? Because of your leadus. But books can widen and enlarge each purchasing a chapter. ership some girl may be inspired to

life illimitably. And books can clarify "Each new friend!"Read the book pay her tithes and fast offerings, and

and enrich experience."Now, accordand you'll not only make friends with receive blessings and benefits which

ing to this definition, the question is Morgan and Webb but with many othshe has never known before. Renew

"What do I want to get from literaer important people. your efforts and seek for inspiration

ture?"Just as one asks himself what Here's a brief story from the book that you may, before the Mutual year

things he wants in his home, so he can which may help introduce it and, at ends, have every one of your girls ask himself what experiences he can the same time, help you along your on the tithing record.

bring into his life through reading way. Next, are you stimulating the interthat will make life more entertaining, "Thomas R. Preston, one of Chatest in the reading course book? Anne

interesting, or useful. And that litertanooga's most prominent bankers, Morrow's Lindbergh's North To the

ature will be good that will bring such when a young man, found himself in Orient should be read by every girl.

experience. a blind alley job. Make time one evening for discussion

Stafford Brooks says: "Writing is "Tm worth more than twentyfive of the book, giving the girls in your

not literature unless it gives to the dollars a month,'he told his boss. 'I group the opportunity of expressing

reader a pleasure which arises not only think I'm worth thirtyfive.'what they like about it. Stress the

from the things said but from the way "'Perhaps you are, but clerks in need of reading good books, of the in which they are said, and that pleasthis town are to be had for twentynewspapers, of first class magazine ure is only given when the words are five dollars, just as socks are to be had articles. If through your leadership

carefully or curiously or beautifully for twentyfive cents. You wouldn't your girls are led into the world of

put together into sentences."Another think of paying more than the market good literature and stimulating disquestion to consider then, is, "Do I value for socks, or for a hat or a pair cussion about books, you will have

can't afford shoes. I satisof beautifulenjoy to pay bank bring will that given The them something things or "am

its for lifethe value than 'just anything.?'market last more fied with a which will them happiness

Lowell has said, "Literature, properclerks.'time.

ly so called, draws its sap from the "'But I must earn more,'Preston Banquets are now under way. The

deep soil of human nature's common argued. greatest success in these delightful soand everlasting sympathies, the gath- "'Then get out of the clerk class,'cial events comes when all participate

ered leaf mould of countless generareplied his boss. in the preparation. Have these bantions, and not from any top soil capri- "Was Preston getting a raw deal? quets high class; by this we do not

ciously scattered over the surface."No, he was getting a lucky break. He mean that they need be expensive.

Another question to answer then is, was getting a jolt which gave him Some of the loveliest affairs have been "What kind of associations do I want spunk enough to quit being a clerk. those which cost the least in money.

to keep?"But it would not have been lucky if Keep the theme of the evening on a

"There is first the literature of he had nursed his hurt feelings and high plane, with music, toasts, and knowledge and secondly, the literature felt himself abused. Instead of poutdecorations all in perfect harmony.

of power. The function of the first ing he did something. He got into a Often the question of dress arises in

is to teach; the function of the second job which offered advancement."regard to the Gleaner banquet—a good is to move; the first is a rudder, the A Morgan and Webb axiom—"Luck rule, is to have every one wear the

second an oar or a sail. The first is not an accident—it is a habit. It very best she has, whether it be afterspeaks to the mere discursive underis the habit of turning every incident noon or formal. Do not make any

standing; the second speaks ultimateinto something which is for your own hard and fast rules about what must

ly, it may happen, to the higher undergood."be worn.

standing or reason, but always That's but one little story from one During the month of February, the throughsympathy."—Thomasaffections ofDeQuincey.pleasure and ofof theillustrationthirteen andchaptersinspiration.packed fullOf bestbe puteffortsforth,ofifthesheGleaneris to keepleaderthe mustclass

As Adults we must decide what we course you'll read the book. morale at a high standard. New methwant from books and what good litYou will be interested in learning ods of teaching and presenting the

erature is. that Dr. Carl F. Eyring has consented lessons must be thought out and used,

to take charge of the writing of our and Gleaners must be given every 19371938 Senior Manual. possible chance to participate in class

discussion. The lessons for February

are brimming over with interest for

Dr. L. L. Dalnes and Charlotte Stewart, Chairmen; girls. "Prayer An Experience Rich

Merrill, Smith,H. R. Hazel Brockbank, Lucy W. opIn Returns,"gives a wonderful

Clawson, Polly F. R.Vida Hardy. for testimony portunity bearing. The

modern girl needs the guiding influence you acquire new friend inBurton Chairman; K. Farnsworth, Floyd G."JhACH Eyre, of Father, through her Heavenly and 'L/ F. S. Harris, Kiepe. Warner, Werner Homer C. person- a to the closeness of contact prayer a creases—just bit—your

al charm."understanding with and an Him Him

That is the last sentence in the book It is desirable to invite attention is established. Divide the girls into

Making the Most of Your Life, by again to the significance of the M Man groups of four to six, work out sevMorgan & Webb. Yes, Seniors, that and Master M Man Pins. See 1936eral questions pertaining to prayer,

is your reading course book. 1937 Manual, pages 206 to 209, inc. (Continued on page 118)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937 {Continued from page 117) Men Gleaner banquet and dance. We lems were spread out upon the table

then let these different groups separappointed committees throughout the and sifted and strained until the valuate and for ten minutes discuss them, stake M Men Gleaner organization able nuggets of gold in true and lastbringing back to the class their findthen we as stake leaders helped them ing friendships and matings were found ings. carry it through. Our M Men Leader and treasured. Some day, I hope, there

With the lesson on "Work and is an M Man just twenty and unmarwill be schools in which the problems

School,"encourage your class memried. I was delighted with his thoughts, of courtship will be discussed openlybers to bring the problems which they his method of procedure, and the way—not with any intention to take away

meet in their daily work in their class he worked with the young people and the naturalness, spontaneity, and loveroom, and then talk these problems had them cooperate. All I did was liness of the mating period of one's

through, using the manual as the basis to keep things moving and to keep life, but with a view to the able handfor your answers. The lesson on the very much interested. I tried so hard ling and understanding of the most

of challenging interesting period and asked questions to time not comes at a of Wisdom,""Word courting period of life. In fact, the and to girls I suggest—justfelt it was necessary when need of today particularlywhen

it. As a suggestion, if it is possible put the point over in that way. Of holds in its slim fingers the future hapto get just the right type of young course the Lord was asked for help piness, or the future despair of two

aside the children beings, from it. Socially the affair human gave invite and age, Heman, you might Men M

of the as a result come success. who might huge was a stressing the matter give a talkhim to

of smoking and drinking. Never beWe have a buffet supper for Januunion.

for Colonial dance or ary, a Valentinefore in our history has there been in happiness; to believe have "You in reception March, February, a formal of guidance for propersuch a need isn't thing."It an outward

our young people in these matters. If an outdoor affair for April, and a wedonly girls realized how they cheapding reception for our M Men and So while we must believe in happiened themselves and how they marred Gleaners who have married during the ness we must do our part to make it

their chances for happiness they would year planned. Since the reception in come true. In connection with the

look to the Word of Wisdom as a November the young people want lesson could you discuss a few quessafeguard of health and lasting conmore social affairs—they are asking tions such as:

tentment. for them and working for them. The Should girls accept blind dates?

Even though the year is past the matter of dress has been simplified. Should young people go "dutch"?

half way mark, do not relax in your Shelley Stake Gleaner Leader, At what time of night should parents efforts of building up membership. At expect young people to come in?

the beginning of this course of study, The following is the program of the Do girls entertain enough in theirDr. Adam S. Bennion reminded you Gleaner and M Men banquet, held own homes?

that the success of your teaching December 30, 1936, in the Shelley When is a young man ready for marcould be measured in the growth of Stake Tabernacle riage? What training should a girl

your classes. This meant, growth in have before she is equipped for the

membership as well as understanding Program: great venture?

and outlook on life; so as the year 1. Trumpet Solo Herman Fielding What income is necessary to live

moves on, take inventory of your ob- (Jamestown) comfortably and keep out of debt?

jectives, and with renewed energy and 2. Toast to the CandlcEvelyn Davenport Should young people plan to marry

faith carry on. (Woodville) and live with parents?

Bolstead Lighting the Candle -Anna re- 3. five rules are agreed to splendid reports by day good Every Name (Firth)

for the positive different class as assurance stakes onceived from 4. Harker the Vocal Solo Maxactivities carried on by M Men and (Jamestown) happiness in marriage such as

Gleaners. The following is a report 5. Let Thy Candle Burn Within Graciousness in men, managerial

of a reception and dance given by the Wendell Christensen ability in women, and consideration.

Gleaners of Shelley Stake. This well (Goshen) Analyze the following situations:

thought out program for the entire 6. Candle Drip Doyle Landon

(Kimball) is girl inspirational, bearsyear's out and taken a young had work man I. A Jensen Solo Maurine 7. Piano fact that to youth where for the telephonedtestimony three months. He 2nd) (Shelley

socialize,is to incentive given she an found her and had on Sunday 8. Messick Snuffing the Candle William

activity of wholesome kinds will be (Basalt) gone to a neighboring town with welcomed by our Gleaners and M Theme—Candle Light. his chum. Should the young man:Men. The Gleaner Committee wishes Toastmaster—Rex Jensen. 1. Never call her again? orto congratulate every leader who is Toastmistress—Bernice Loahoff. 2. Ask her for a date? or

planning and guiding the youth of the 3. Realizing there had been no

Church into a higher cultured field of definite understanding about activity. going steady, ask her to do so?

II. A young woman is all ready for the

TO GLEANER COMMITTEE party. Nine o'clock—then ten

date doesn't her and comes in happiness, o'clock believe have to "You reception a huge'T'he was Gleaner she: arrive telephone. or Should comes."happiness never Or

all re- A success. committees Our to bed? and go 1. Cry

is to me, there say MAY given "Vousponded was ward the telephone to answer no les- 2. Refuse nicely—each

"happiness,"felt the thought A son on a responduty so eachone special o'clock? at eleven

sibility. Two hundred people called. for March is "courtship."Why not 3. Or calmly listen to his explanaIt was held in our Stake Tabernacle discuss happiness in courtship? And tion and finding sufficient

and the M. I. A. held a dance followhappiness in courtship means happi- "whole cloth"in his reason for

ing so all the guests remained. Each ness in life, and happiness in life, means disappointing her, graciously

guest was taxed 10 cents and this paid happiness in eternity. forgive him.

for our refreshments: punch, waffles, No doubt, you fine M Men and

hot cocoa, nuts, and mints, also a loveGleaners could tell the great story of To me, this lesson on courtship is ly red rose for our charming girls. courtship with its joys and thrills and the most important one of the whole

We are to have another affair in promises far better than we oldsters, season. The discussion should leave

March. but it might be a wonderful advantage the definite conviction that

Last Wednesday we held our M in the game if little interesting probHappiness is never lasting that U

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

built upon the unhappiness of someone The important point for your poetry "Bees,"Literary Digest, November else. hobby sampler, is to locate a person 28, 1936.

is in interested poetry very much there loveliness in who can That be no verse for the Bee Hive A second his) get cooperation, her (or andcourtship untrue, unclean, been if it has Song: and, Cheer

disposal, at time with your enoughor emotionally unbalanced.

make your plans for interesting the We'll sing, We'll sing,

That courtship could create a design girls in it. Is there a member of your We BeeHive Girls,

for living happily the best part of life own group who could do it? Or is For skies are blue

if the: this one of your hobbies? If you have And days are fair.

light hearts are try rhymes, that first, and Our not made is life and honey, sweet good For C poetry. were for companionship and chasthen to the proceed

is everywhere. honey tity,

combination and use good What were used for opportunity and op- O of poetry, scripture can make Stories to tell or read: you timism,

Junior and Girls? Have you for unselfishness, reading, unity and U Palace by Music Alder Made The the Psalms? thought of right reason, and for the Beautiful R for The Hunt T for truth and triumph, The Honor Nights are not so far The Perfect Tribute.AndrewsAlder

S sincerity and simplicity, away. Will some of your girls take He Knew Lincoln Andrews

Fall the of Armouri Nibelungs happiness, reason these part programs? humor and on H No

the of Rhinegold Story Chapman I intelligence integrity, not. all long and at should they How why Dickens Carol Christmas

it prosperity partnership. a confersince and had been you has P Pope's Daudet Mule The

officer presiding ence with your String Maupassant in The

So build your house of happiness, O charge of class work? Such a contact The Necklace Maupassant

youth. Out of the materials given you should be good for both of you. What The Gift of the Magi O. Henry

make your pattern, form your friendservice has your group given for some In the Desert of Waiting ships, for friendship is only love withother group in the M. I. A. or in the Anna Fellows Johnston

out its wings, and then when love finds ward? Dog of Flanders Ouida

Tarkington Booth Extracts from Penrodits courtship way, a ugly free from that Sister are very happy Dyke Other The Wise Van Man Weregrets or unpleasant begins memories sufficiently recovered Blue has Dyke Flower Higgs Van of fora future joy and happiness, is is Also....Tolstoi There Love again. God Where the committee with meet Weto

appreciate her humility and faith in How Much Land a Man Requires....Tolstol

"You have to believe in happiness the Gospel, and her understanding of The Great Stone Face Hawthorne

Hawthorne Image Snow and girls. apThe the and love for We also Hale a Country Without The Man leaders the Junior wishes come true."preciate Make your own what Field the Saint Eugene and Symbol

throughout the Church are doing to First Christmas Tree Eugene Field help direct and encourage the girls Pierre and His People Parker to choose the right; and the cooperJungle Tales Kipling

ation given by the other M. I. A. ofThe Mansion...Van Dyke

Priestthe parents, fivers, and the fMtUOU sent following was in by poem The for the opporgrateful are hood. We girls of from our BeeHive WeberMarba C. Josephson, Chairman; Martha G. Smith, associate is with some to ours tunity that

Emily H. Higgs, Catherine Folsom, Sarah R. these lovely girls who need, and we Stake:Cannon.

hope, desire the attention we can give

Cpring is very near, for those of us them. We recommend that you keep SHINE ON

who live north of the equator, and up the good work. (Tune—Shine On)

rest us. for the ofautumn you Had information comes vicious much So the of bees the are 19th Ward We rest of the us?thought of It might girl to be us that it behooves the to all might; our with work We interesting into to dividebe the world for every every opportunity gather lookout the morn honey on We

north and south, and consider for the suitable to remind her that chastity is And try to do what's right.

moment how the "other half"is living, a valuable possession. Once it is lost,

in relation to this change of season. it is like a cut on her lovely finger. Chorus

scar a It will heal, but will leave is the designing coming? Get How on, on you busy bee, work on, work which Work

will remain but cannot be removed, pictures of fashions and altersome on, on March Work them to your present likes. For into remind her of her mistake. If she To help the world along.

stance, select one quite plain dress; never makes the first mistake, she canthen change the long, tightfitting not possibly make the second one. We learn to sew and cook and clean

sleeve to a short one, plaited, and And if she lives according to the GosAs every woman should open at the bottom; then add a plaited pel teachings, she will never make this And when we meet each Tuesday night.

jabot at the neck, and a plaited ruffle mistake, but will retain the priceless We try to find more good.

and have endless joy and satisskirt. the of the bottomon new gift, A Chorus faction. alterdress! jumper one to a Now

skirt and a peasant blouse, with the March on, work on, along life's busy way, very full sleeves gathered at the cuff. Our song is march on

Now lengthen a dress by adding some Throughout the live long day.

contrasting material at the bottom of the skirt, and some trimming on the Work on, work on, you busy bee, blouse to correspond. Do. you like Your work is never done;

Thomas, Anderson. Chairman; Ethel Marie C. S. one? endContinue,that madeover Baxter. Bertha Wells, Margaret Julia S. N. K. YouTo workbuild witha happylove throng.and charity S. Ileen Knowlton. Tingey, Agne Waspe,lessly. in your that someone It may be

community will help you design hats.

Consider well the under garments. Do Supplementary articles to assist with Chorus

you know, that in making a model for the Guides: Sing on, sing on, sing on, you happy bees,

a piece of sculpture, the artist first "Good Health For a Good Year,"Sing your song, carry on models a perfect figure, and then adds Dr. Walter H. Eddy, Good HouseYou BeeHive girls.

the clothing? keeping Magazine, January, 1937. BeeHive Girls—19th Ward—Weber Stake

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

Broadcasting with the Millennial Chorus (Concluded from page 95) Sunday afternoon in the Customs while serving as National ComBelfast, attention was directed

House Square, near the docks; the mander of the American Legion, to the proposition of getting a

one held the afternoon of Conferand was high in his praise of Utah contract with the British Broadence drew over five hundred peoand of the Mormon people. casting Corporation. A word of

ple to hear the singers. The visit to the Legation was one explanation about this radio sysAt Conference the chorus was of importance. Present were many tem might be helpful. With head

instructed to go south to Dublin, high government dignitaries of sevoffices in London, it has branch offamous capital of the Irish Free eral countries, including the minisfices and studios in the more imState. At this time the first "plans ters from France, Germany, Belportant cities throughout the British

of attack"were laid for radio work. gium, the Chief of Staff of the Free Isles, not including the Irish Free

On Saturday, October 17, leave State Army, and other notables. State. It is controlled by the govof Belfast was taken and Dublin After the chorus had rendered a few ernment, and allows no advertising

reached. There, through the faith songs, Mr. Owsley introduced them whatsoever. No time can be purand kindness of the Saints, the group to the assembled guests. It was a chased as in America, hence the

stayed at an hotel, with expenses proud moment when he placed his power of the officials to accept or paid. This act of love on the part of arm around the shoulders of Elder reject programs as they see fit.

those few members, most of whom Willis and explained that these are of Germanic origin, made an were some of his friends from Utah. Finally the first visit to the Northexcellent example of the living faith ern Ireland studios was made, and

of Latterday Saints. HThe return to Belfast was made the program director interviewed,

The Dublin radio station was the following day. Back in and a written contract for a ten

minute broadcast was presented, to Station Athlone, under control of the Free State government. The be effective on Friday evening, Nocontrast in the attitude of the officials Ten Best Moving Pictures vember 6.

before and after hearing the audition of 1936 As had been done before, anothwas remarkable. At first rather cold 1. Mutiny on the Bounty er special testimony and prayer

and almost unfriendly, they became MetroGoldwyn-Mayer. meeting was held before going to

seemingly eager to engage the ser- 2. Mr. Deeds Goes to Town the studios for the broadcast. Anvices of the singers. of in the appeared had A time -—Columbia. Belfast papers,twenty minutes the Millennial and and was arranged 3. The Great Ziegfield—nouncements

the broadcast became a reality, beMetro-GoldwynMayer. Star carried a special notice. Saints

all and friends over the Mission ing set for the evening of October 4. San Francisco—Metro22. this eagerly were waiting to hear GoldwynMayer.

pioneer broadcast on BBC.—United ArImmediately before going to the 5. tists.Dodsworth compliments Many fine were paid,

studios to broadcast, a testimony 6. Story of Louis Pasteur some of them in the form of telemeeting was held. Knowing the Warner Brothers. phone calls and telegrams to the

need of divine help and guidance at 7. Tale of Two Cities studio. The broadcasting officials

that time, that group of young men, MetroGoldwyn-Mayer. themselves were very friendly.

difvastly had come from suchwho 8. Anthony Adverse—Warferent in surroundings to meet a Brothers. ner

so comes to a close our story faroff land in common devotion to 9. The Green Pastures—And

a cause, presented a fitting picture Warner Brothers. of the start of the Millennialof the missionary spirit—humility 10. Midsummer Night's Chorus. "Start"is the proper dewillingnessand to serve. the scription, because members Dream—Warner Broththemselves feel that they few days previous only have A to the broaders.

cast, Elders Leavitt and Moffatt, begun the work toward the more while out tracting, noticed a large And there they are! Do you important goal of eventually opencar with an American sticker on the agree with the 523 judges who ing up the channels of radio in

windshield. Inquiring of the chaufmade this selection as anbringing to the people of Great

feur, they were told that it belonged nounced by Time magazine? Britain the Gospel of Christ, as has

to the American Minister to the We should be more analytical been done so effectively in America.

Free State, Mr. Alvin M. Owsley. of the pictures we see and try Whether or not this goal will be

Soon His Excellency himself arto evaluate them. We should attained by the chorus is a matter

rived on the scene, and welcomed not hesitate to disagree with of bright hope and faith. The

these boys in his heartiest Texas even the best movie critics, if promise contained in the Lord's manner. This first introduction led first we have made a systematic word in these latter days is assurto a visit by some others of the study of the film, acting, moing. He has told us that "the song

chorus to the United States Legative, and result of the producof the righteous is a prayer unto tion. There Mr. Owsley received tion. It might prove an interme, and it shall be answered with a

his guests with gracious hospiesting experiment to list for blessing upon their heads."The

tality, and invited the whole choyourselves the reasons why road from Kidderminster to Belfast rus to an afternoon tea to be held you agree and disagree with has been full of blessings for this on Saturday, October 24. He had this selection. group. It will be interesting to watch

once been a visitor to Salt Lake City future developments.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

SIX DIAMONDS AND AN OPAL (Continued from page 85) the way to her home, Janet rested about it for fear she'd laugh at him her head against his shoulder. "I'm for being an old fogey and believing.Fifteen minutes later he

so happy about the ring! Some day in superstitions. sat alone in the car several miles looking of the dance, the scene from

I'll tell stood there watching Tom's engageMother's you why. He the stars at and the and moon in out absorption apparent ring Janet's forand anment opal. I had was

night night. cool and the Time started, other. the the music Thegotten that till Tom brought out this each him. Yes, he calmed was air hadone. throng began the of movement

Lewis'eyes narrowed. again, and still he stood glowering, acting foolishly, childishly. He'd go

"I don't like that fellow."his thoughts black. back and explain and make her understand. glared ended, the lights Lewis, dance The why?""Why,

late! too almost Janet he was And."

.. I on, him. toward don't and Janet came "Oh, know Tom just coming were and down Tom I divinely, Avery. ring dances the with toyed Lewis on the "She

finger of her small hand. hate to give her up to you."the steps as he drew up in front of

"You're sure this is the ring you Lewis made no reply, but as the the brilliantly lighted hotel. He was

want? You can change it any time, music began he gathered Janet in out of the car in an instant, and with

side. her reached his hopefully. know,"you he suggested arms and began to dance with a bound

see "Janet, I just must you alone her. I'll never change "Oh, it. Some

day I'll tell you why.""You didn't mind my dancing for a minute."

He strove manfully to conquer his with Tom, did you, old dear?"The hand he placed on her arm

disappointment, but it was not until Lewis didn't answer. They cirtrembled, and there was something

in his white, in his voice drawn and miservery car in the the room. her driveway cledhe stopped was He

still face that the impulse her made tell able. tothat her himself again. wanted he was how He

"Janet, are you sure you love me?"unhappy he was, to explain about to pass him by. who Tom, She looked up at "I luck whispered. she it was am,"bad the opal—what to one side. and withdrew it off. take over to beg her to leaned But nodded and opened the and He

car door for her. "This is my lucky he didn't know how to broach the "Darling, don't you know,"and

his emotion, with voice charged was subject. tenderly.day!"he said "And re- I wasn't "don't meaning know you is every dance tonightmember! music stopped and she looked The

I was, thought when I what you at him:mine."up

ring! for that you Won't "What in the world is the matter, asked

I try to tell please listen while you Lewis!"

I didn't, and don't, want you Out it really wasn't his "I,.. I'm going to ask you to why

lucky day, he concluded several give me back that opal if you don't to have that opal? Don't you see, it is? Bad luck! Lookhours later as he stood watching the mind."His voice was husky. now, what

it's done to us already!"dancers who crowded the floor. Her startled eyes sought his what

Somewhere in that throng was "Why!""Why, that's utterly absurd!"

Janet dancing with Tom! And the "I just... want it back... is Janet looked at him in amazement.

lights were low, and the music slow all""How in the world could an opal be and sweet. It was cruel, the first "Oh, very well!"Her voice tremresponsible for anything.

evening of their engagement, too! bled. She slipped the ring from her "Your love for me couldn't have

such if, just a happy you because and had Janet hadHe tilltime luck, hour half an ago when you break is bad Tom fingerlittle romanceand put indidn'tinto hislasthand,long,"Ourdid beenthink verya stonedeep breezed up: it?"with a quick intake of breath. our engagement,"and she turned

"Hello, folks! Some luck finding "Oh, great Scott! I didn't mean from him.

you here. I called the house, Janet, it that way."He was horror stricken. "I wasn't breaking the engagethoughtand your mother told me where she "I just wanted the ring back."ment. Honestly! My only

thought you were. I've just got to "I see! And now if you will take was to get that awful ring off your

talk to you. May I have this dance?"me to Tom, you needn't bother about finger before some terrible thing

it did happen.""May I?"Janet smiled at Lewis. me any more. He will see that I get happened. And then

And what could he do? home."Janet, because she loved him,

The lights blazed on for the in- "I didn't mean it the way you're knew that he was speaking the termission and some distance away, taking it! I just want the ring back. truth. She slipped her hand into

Lewis saw Janet and Tom appar-... Please listen, Janet!"his, then called to Tom:

I don't go home.'*ently absorbed in each other. They The music started up again. He "Do you mind ifdidn't even look his way, though tried to take her in his arms, but she with you after all? Lewis and I—

Janet knew he was there, for she eluded his grasp and darted through had smiled at him their last time the crowd toward the coat room. A,lFter the last of the

around the floor. He stood aghast as he watched clouds of misunderstanding had

His face darkened! From the her disappear. cleared away, Janet said:

time Tom had shown her the opal, Then he rushed out into the night "Where did you get the silly noeverything had gone wrong. Janet to his parked car. His fingers tion that opals are unlucky?"

hadn't acted a bit like herself. It trembled so he could hardly unlock "I don't know. I've always heard

was the fault of the illomened opal! it, but he must get away from this it. Haven't you?"

He had felt a foreboding of no good hated place. What an ending to "I know a few people think that.

from the minute she had taken it in the day that had started out to be the But I didn't know that anyone with her hand. He hadn't said anything happiest one of his life! (Concluded on page 122)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

Six Diamonds and THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN 79)An Opal (Continued [rom page

The PahUte way, when two peoPaddy: In his long chase over the

(Concluded [rom page 121) ple fight, whether man with man, or country, a chase reaching from is with to let carry in them woman, man through Arizona Moencopy San it,"sense good thought she and the finish matter to in in a to with outPine River no ColoJuan Utah smiled at him. up side interference. rado, of Relatives the seen he Toorah. had He "But you things must admit went unfortunate didn't take one her, say extreme where he but may he saw as it."aswrong soon got you reprisals is after fight if the over, her. seeing mentioned but Posey Now fault. opal's wasn't the "That

it in is refrain they must while proghorse up, fresh take hunt would him a

You were jealous. Own up, now!"ress. The whole tribe knew the and something to eat, he could find

He looked at her in amazement. boys had begun a death duel, but the out where the little sister had gone.

"Jealous!"handsoff try. policy to agreed at once Posey prevented any one The "Yes! It began before I got the tell part. old from taking to a thing was never woman

ring. When I first talked to Tom. Ten long, torturing days passed about it, and Posey was to tell her

I felt it."since the waiting mother and grandas soon as he found the boy. Get-

I "Jealous!... Do you Why their ting a fresh heard mother a from word from mount he went

.."I.suppose I was! hero. to pretending young might be camp at Navajo camp to hunt He He was so frankly unconscious of Mountain; he might be in the Ute lost horse, yet trying by every slya

what had been the matter that Janet reservation. He might be in the device to learn where Soldiercoat's

laughed, and said: long, trackless wilderness of the son could be found.

"Oh, you dear, stupid boy! And Wooden Shoes, or, awful thought, Until now he had cared nothing

I... I was a little peeved because he might be stiff in his blood where which one of the two survived, but

you... you didn't trust me, and Grasshopper had found him. if Paddy were killed before they met,

so I... I didn't tell you Tom is The women had their camp hidhe might miss a lifechance to know

engaged to my sister, and that den in a fork of Spring Canyon what he wanted most of all to know.

they'd had a quarrel, and... and where Paddy could come to them He would get the information even

he wanted me to help explain things without being seen, and the Cheeif he had to waylay Grasshopper.

to her. poots people lived temporarily under

"And when Tom Solhad seen opal, the symbol in horse of faith—notbrought outof badthe atrybigattreethetwomouthmiles ofdownCottonwood.the coundiercoat's uOMEONEson on a jadedluck—I knew I must have it!"Peeage in her desperation started McElmo. Straight to McElmo Posey

After a long time Lewis said: down through the greasewoods to rode and after much sly inquiry he

"Isn't there any foundation for the lower camp and met Posey headhurried on to Meriano Springs.

the supposition that an opal is uned for Tank Bench. He rode by When he got wind of Grasshopper

lucky?"without a word, although she was on the San Juan south of there, he

"Not very much of a one, and trying to speak to him. Then she hurried with his fresh horse and his

that of very recent origin. Sir called to him. In her cracked old snack of refreshments to the river.

Walter Scott in his Anne of Geiervoice she implored him to wait and Then he followed doubtful clues to a stein has Lady Hermoine wear an listen. He knew what she wanted point forty miles west of Bluff. He

opal in her hair. One day she vanand he resolved to borrow no trouble. ascertained definitely that the two

crying; Peeage her withered was ofished in a cloud boys had been seen near Moencopy

its croak old capacity reached andably consumed an thither. by departed and he After lossmoke—presumopal. A careless reading of the story started the grew dim behind him when he heard ing four days in the Navajo resersuperstition. But no place in the her speak the name of Toorah. vation he received a hot tip whichstory does it even hint that an opal That brought him to a stop—he sent him hurrying northeast towardsis bad luck. He just chanced to put listened—he turned back and asked Bluff again.

an opal in her hair. It might have what she said. She was quoting This racing back and forth over a

been any other stone."territory three hundred miles in ex-

"Honest, Janet, is that the only tent imposed unusual necessities.

foundation?"With life itself at stake, these neThe Advertisers, cessities supplied, even had to be stone fact that the "Yes, and the

the point of a gun. were at Whenif You Will F:ind itis to a particularly stone hard work and Where

the murderous nearer enemy came cutlapidaries stonewith and and Their Messages nearer behind the and whole and it dislikedters that reason, for and fight lost to for about sake the be was it black they agave whenever Beneficial Ins. eye Life over Back C Co if of fresh horse, fresh a horse any

125 University cenBrigham centuries forcould. Young and But within reach, that were even though Continental Oil 124 all Companyturies, the opal with the has been

his his horse carried master back, on Deseret 127 Mortuary faith. ofancients the symbol And requisitioned, immediately he was by Deseret Press 126 News littleI I superstitious, guess a was or otherwise, exthe argument and..125 Earl Harmer

I the ring totoo. be wanted my left in his animal place. hausted Stat'n..Inside Radio Back Cover KSL

faith in me."ofsymbol L. S. D. Business 127 College drink, beds, Food, sometimes and faith—your

Instead of speaking, Lewis caught Quish School of Beauty Culture.. 126 concealment were likewise requisithe small hand that was smoothing Standard Brands, Inc. 123 tioned, generally by promise of due

her unruly curls and placed upon it Shell Oil Co.. Inside Front Cover reward at some more fortunate time.

Utah Engraving Company 124 These fighting cousins mastered thethe ring—six small diamonds and an

opal! secret of meeting desperate emer122

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN gency. Over the wide area of their was over. He knew too, from the open roads and trails it was eighty

battlefield, they traveled on a motley grim visage before him, that no spymiles to the Springs, but it would not and extemporaneous relay of ponies. ing or prying would be tolerated do to travel in the open, he would

They accomplished each change in for one minute. have to follow unfrequented trails

the relay by stratagem or by force "Impo ashante?"Paddy challengor go under cover of night.

in about the time it takes to transfer ed in uncompromising tones. He took with him an extra horse

a saddle from one horse to another. Posey told about meeting old Peeand saddle, concealing that other

The sudden appearance of one or age in the greasewoods and of folsaddle under a light pack, and he the other of these belligerents at the lowing the crooked trail to Merriano reached the neighborhood of the peaceful camp or herd brought quick Springs and through the reservation. Springs in the dark hours just before

excitement and sharp activity, but No, he was not spying; he didn't dawn. Quiet reigned in the forest

they loped off over the hill on a fresh expect to tell a word about it. of big cedars. No dogs barked and

horse leaving their panting and lathBut he did want to know—he no smell of smoke was in the air.

ering cayuse behind. Sometimes the wanted more than anything else to With the first rays of light he moved

second rider found the horse of the know the thing about which the old cautiously about looking for tracks, first one sufficiently rested to carry lady had made mention: where had listening for sounds. They had gone.

him on in the chase. Paddy seen the little sister? He He found where a camp had been

Sometimes one took the offensive, would never betray the source of his hidden in the thick timber. He knew

sometimes the other. The problem information—would Paddy just say by scraps and fragments in the dust

for each was to dodge the other's where she could be found? and by the arrangements of the

ambush, to spring a deadly surprise Paddy didn't know. wickiups, for he could see plainly

or find the other on a jaded horse. What? Hadn't he seen her? Old where they had been, that it had

It was a matter of fresh horses, keen Peeage declared he had seen her. been a PahUte camp, though the

wits, good guns, and a belly well- O, that was weeks ago, and that tracks lacked little of being obliterstuffed for any emergency. camp was due to move right away. ated by the recent rains.

Late one afternoon, hatless and "Well, where was it? Where was He tried long and determinedly to

wearing a torn red shirt, Grassthat camp?"find out which direction they had

hopper rode wearily into Bluff from It would do Posey no good to gone. It seemed hopeless. Being

the west, his cayuse wet with lather know—one of her brothers guarded summer time they had dragged no

and scarred with the lash. Whip her all the time. tent poles, which leave a lasting

and spur he urged the drooping creaGuarded her? Well where? Even mark, and what was more confusing

ture on up the road towards Recapif it had moved—where was that still, he had reason to believe they

ture. camp? Where in the world had he might start in the opposite direction

The clatter of his hoofs had no seen Toorah? from which they intended to go, if

more than died feebly in the distance He had seen her in a camp hidden only to confuse him.

when Paddy loped in on the fresh in the big cedars near PahUte This was his very first clue, and trail, his pony reeking wet, but makSprings. he must trace it to them if it took all

ing good time. He too disappeared It was eighty miles to PahUte summer. After hunting more than

towards Recapture, his gun across Springs. Posey's quick impulse was half the forenoon he met a cowhis saddle in front. to start at once, but he must return puncher named King.

Half an hour later, dusty and deto Cottonwood for fresh horses. By (Continued on page 124)

termined, Posey appeared on the tracks from the west and followed them off to the east.

On the sandhills north of the Jump, Posey met Paddy comingback leading a pony with an empty IT TAKES 35 TO 45 saddle and a gun. Paddy rode

slowly and at ease, his gun in itsscabbard under his saddle fender. RASPBERRIES

He was headed for the camp in Spring Canyon four miles away reGELATINwhere he would make his own DESSERT TO FLAVORport, relieving thus of that Posey responsibility. Ten days after that race through THIS PACKAGEBluff a boy from town was herding

sheep near the mouth of Recapture when he found a strange heap of stones. Pulling them down he uncovered a dead Indian wearing a That's why Royal Raspberry Gelatin has the true, natural

torn red shirt. The dead face still taste of real raspberries. The flavor of Royal Gelatin Desserts

showed powder burns and a gaping are all made from the fruits themselves. When buying fruitbullet hole in the middle of the foreflavored Gelatin, always insist on Royal and make sure you

head. are getting genuine fruit flavors.

When Posey met his longsought man, he knew the fight

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 123) "Where's PahUte camp?"he doorway of that one wickiup as they

asked eagerly. Jr OSEY turned to the west craned their necks to see the unusual

"No savey,"King answered incarefully avoiding the trail whergame.

to possible. underbegan Hedifferently. idea struck wonderAn Posey—a tried to get had everstand—Toorah still seeum this camp over here?"ful "You listened idea. again and He five days. been gone had away—she the smoke."failed "I saw voice of the to hear Teegre.

find in tried to the darkness had She ago?"days Posey If many silent, "How there Teegre were he was him, the along she hunted and whenpursued. there. not which meant he Anywas for called rim they heard and him his fingers indicated with King there ponies three but unwere way her, her, back. took her and found left before.that ten they had days tree. the der

like hobbled she a was And now go?"seeum "You to his crept horses Posey back and horse. trail,"the here and seeum "Over circle big began making a around his spite of In of to out care keep Blue toward motionedcowboy tracks, the for looking keeping camp sight, near another he white met man as they themMountain. met had He in as as possible being without near that Peter's Point learned and some that way.went seen. the towards bent low He Peter's Indians near camped were listened with dropPah-Ute The as he ground marks rode and no spring. for Spring. the made He jaw, many?"ped "How his earth the gaze. escaped on He half his in a the brush horse Hiding ten.""No short: horses savey—maybeso three stopped had in crept caremile so ever he away squaws?"many "How in thick the country from cedar come fully situation. to the out spy all "I don't squaw know—one point the to the on had north—he to the near that camp, though But his held "King here—andsame it: in riders from Three had come trees, not the hidden ledge and was that her indicating togetherwrists of to the the wickiup hidden camp all, plainly at seen could and be rope. tied a withwrists were at for big Rooster the a swing boys the across the road from wagon with wide forward leaned Posey ducki. waithorses saddled Three matter he canyon. rope?"theeyes, "What's eager haste those traced he With it tree, big a near a and under ed inspired lost vision in thedemanded, tracks big three the towards back in all Indians held the of ducki game words. King'sby Point. Peter's cedars of miles Three wickiup. one all run time talk squaw "Jnjun tall in a of cedars, the tangle away lure nearer. crept mighty The He explained, the cowpuncheraway,"of him barked ahead dog somewhere staked the of cards values those and fixum days"Five huntum—rope his horses stopped with and two he their colors entrance to seemed on run away."moreno listen. to should he now? do with What people that of wickiupin\\

hypnotizing grip. They quarreled It was late afternoon, and this was

with rising emphasis, each one trywithout doubt the place he had been ing to be heard above the others. hunting, the hidden camp where

"You lie!"howled a familiar voice. Toorah was held captive. Teegre

might be there on guard, or the The only Where had Posey heard it before?

O yes, it was one of old Rooster's squaws might be thought equal to

tied. when he hunted there for the little hands oil that sons whom he had met on Pine River the task since the runaway had her events, Poke was not there, At all sister.

By that time he recognized the with his abominable hogstring, but his come, brothers he and would and voice of second son—more the darkness hazardwould be more tone. strong language—threateningRooster's OIL* the day. than ous intently as he heard he listened Then

an unmistakable grunt which might have said, Puneeh, and he knew the M<iOVING his horses away PLATES old bear was in the game. Also, as from that secret trail, he hid them

he listened closely, he detected the in the brush and crept in to spy on angry voice of Hatch, the rasping this camp as he had done on the tone of Bishop, but he listened in other, the same as he had done on vain for the fourth brother, Teegre. a hundred camps in the last year.

Something in that ducki game, That dog continued to bark, and fast and furious, something with risother dogs joined in as if they would ing wrath and threatening tone filled come out and advertise his presence.

him with desperate eagerness to go The only way to quiet them would in and see what it would do. It be to withdraw, otherwise he would

CONOCO looked doubtful that such a heated thing explosion. an as that could cool off without H7WE OFFER....

It was hard to make a guess what A COMPLETE ENGRAVING SERVICE portraits to the largest GERM all this could mean, but surely the From missionary little sister catalogues. was not camp there—this PROCESSED Mail Orders Given at all. not hidden And he could CONTINENTAL was

see what appeared to be all the UTAH120 Regent St.ENGRAVINGSalt Lake City, CO.Utah OIL OIL COMPANY Prompt Attention. squaws of the camp crowded in the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

i n lli m n ii ii ii n w w It—w 'THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

have to go boldly in and face them. deferred had intensified its joy a

Teegre might be there, or the wife thousand fold.

of the dread cavalier might be the Panting and eager they thrilled chief guard. No difference, he was with new life in every pulse. When

prepared to face even the old grizzly they reached the horses he boosted with the hogstring, for this was a her to one saddle and he sprang to tremendous moment—the supreme the other as someone came crashing

moment. Assuring himself of his through the brush near behind them.

pistol and his knife on his hip, he He struck a lope on the first jump, marched straight for the old bear's and she rode close behind. Over

den. rocks, down banks, they made a desTake Two Steps

Three yellow dogs met him halfperate scramble to put distance betill that themselves fought he and howling he tween them off andway in surprise before the UPWARD doorreachstopped the must camp behind. They

way of a wickiup. And there in the mountain and the tall timber, but

rude entrance to her abode stood that camp of the Rooster boys and Before Autumn

Poke's squaw waiting to see what the big ducki game lay squarely in kind of animal had attracted the their way. To miss it they would By attending the Spring

dogs. have to cross the deep, rugged canand Summer quarters at

"Puneeh!"she shrieked in anger yon instead of following the trail Brigham Young University,

and surprise, urging the yellow curs through smooth country around its you can take two long to drive him away. head. strides toward your goal before school next auopens appearher behind Quick Toorah in horse camp, had Teegre no No, quarters tumn. mean Twoed, out. trying to ordered come She said, get soon but would Toorah he college year, of twothirds a tothe back, dogs crowding and come one. the Poke would and warn He of colentire or onesixth an tried to opening the throughout four follow brothers them would course. lege tied at them, a her butthrow rope relentless fury. with

wrists. She had advanced well out Posey led the way down a cedarSPRING QUARTER

into the the dooryard rude when 8 looked desthey swale March grown and 22—Juneolder her seized drag her to woman off perately for to the get place a

is Loveliest the Campus Whenback. precipitous into Peter's rim Canyon. interesting courses. of (Hundreds

called, tooish "Posey, apane,"she teachSpecial for arrangements abruptly before edge dropped The turning toface her appealingly enroll others must and who in ers halted them—no to go—they later quarter.) beginning of than him.wards a great they go wayfluster—should left. right dogs the and He kicked north? south? or go QUARTER SUMMER his in knife his he ready handWith Into anxious the hush of their 27 June furies snarling the ofstabbed one 14—August sound: broke pause ominous anin side strugthe the leaped to and near Stimulation and far from with hoofs—coming shorthoofs—beating visiting regular and (Strong atgling of the dogs women.

of the crash from towards camp mad six First spent faculty. weeks tripped overtacked him again—heTwo; Alpine term the the boys. Provo cedars hid Rooster campus on Two fell, all time of theone them and and at Grove.) Aspen fearful east, couple from on the view ofhe vaguely aware someone was

calling and coming from a camp but their only escape was to plunge For Information Write nearby. down a fiftyfoot wall. She snatchhis pistol its holster. ed from "Toohis feet his knife again he sank On ish she breathed loud Brigham Young apane!"in a

in the a second snatched dog, and whisper,girl from her determined sisterin- motioning him to have his University rifle ready. bindinglaw. the rope He slashed

her wrists himOn came the pounding hoofs PROVO, UTAH to fend and turned self from Mrs. Poke or the dogs or [Continued on page 126)

whoever might be coming.

Toorah had gripped his hand as <a* * * she did at Navajo Mountain, pulling him away. "Tooish apane!"

she panted, "Teegre!"And shepulled him in the direction from For YOUR Missionary

which he had come. They must This new and unusual book: "Some Suggestions For L. D. S. Missionaries,"—

near.hurry, very Teegre was Robertson. Mark the field of successful commercial from salesmanship—by soft firmly to her he hand Holding

foreign. It is especially to active Elders valuable both local and treespulled after her him between

and through a maze of brush toMissionaries in every part of the world have written wards his horses. their thanks and praise for the helpful things it conwould MISSIONARY YOUR of that tains. a continuation This was be pleas- % K antly surprised the contents of this with together theywonderful dash made

unusual volume. it now! Send of thicket willows the birchthrough

at Lasal. But years of waiting and Postpaid Anywhere $1.25

hunting and cherished hopes long

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN You Get smash through dry limbs,(Continuedover fromdidn'tpage 125)even saddle their horses or brush, over rocks, neck or nothing. leave their fire. Still they liked

Double Value Themingleddesperatewith pantingwhack ofof horseswhips toFlatrideandfrequentlylook fromback theacrosstopDeerof from your subscription to strained to the bursting point. Wooden Shoes for any indication of

life on the mountain.

as morning they rode up the THE IMPROVEMENT cocked,With Poseybated andbreathToorahand caughtguns humanOne

ERA, and other Church glimpses through the trees of Poke canyon toward the entrance, they publications, when you and Bishop riding as from the devil found strange tracks, tracks of preserve your magazines himself, too intent on watching beponies other than their own. They

in permanently bound hind to take one look right or left. found the print of a man's mocinto the forest casined foot—two men! and careful volumes. Send your back On they crashed

out sight of on and their sound beof examination the tracks showed numbers to us now! in distance. the dim came they moccasins. were of PahUte

The runaways found a place to Two men had gone down the canget their horses down the big rim yon and might be even now at the and crossed in the least possible time fire in their little hangout. They

Straight for the tall timber he amined the tracks with uneasy surDuring to the west side of the canyon. slowed down to a standstill and exchose their course and she rode deprise. No mistake, two men had

February votedlylike brothersnear behindmight findhim.theirHertracks,warbeenFromtherebendingbut overa fewthoseminutesunwelcomebefore.

We will return them to butthem.they Inwouldthe notfieldbe ofablegrassto followand batedmarks breathin the dustonly theyto hearlistenedthe windwith

you postpaid, attractively flowers ahead no clue would be left sighing among the trees on the hilland durably bound in to indicate where they had gone. side.

cloth, stamped in gold. Before the fleeing lovers rose the Why had they not met those great friendly mountain—blessed prowlers? Surely some hidden evil Improvement Era $2.00 freedom—the sheltering arm of was plotting and skulking around

night. telling them. it might be No who 1.50 Relief Society Magazine told not Posey her they would telling cruel go no what they advantage 2.00 Children's Friend to her Mountain; people Navajo in already might their have hands.

Instructor 1.50 would be sure to hunt there first. Posey and his bride would fly

Instead, in the wild hide they would per volume the from beanywhere canyon—fly lands beyond Shoes. Wooden No fore it was whipped too late. They

one would think of going there. up. to a lope, but at the foot of the

in the hidden north of slope wooded again,, voicelike That sound cameThe Daylight again found them deeply hill they heard a sound like a voice trail their Blue Mountain, traceable giving cold sencreepy a them and Deseret the flowers grass through and by sation. they discovered someThen

days followed. Wonderful Whether them, above somebody was whoJNews Press nothing less than a bloodhound. one hiding behind a tree on the trail their clouds or sunshine they took sure they should making not leave

29 Richards Street course by easy stages through the the canyon.

Salt Lake City, Utah most remote regions and chose a She seized his pistol and motioned:

in place a canyon beyond to his with him gun. be ready It was Printers "Pioneer and Binders resting Flat, of Shoes. Deer west Wooden their foolish hope, a guns of were of the West"It limit of the remoteness was use. doubtful and very

security. They paused in vexed bewildergested, the sparkle of alarm in her BE INDEPENDENT In their blissful solitude ment. "Let's go back,"she sugNo Other Vocation So Profitable! they gave no thought to her people black eyes.

ENROLL NOW nor to his. Why should they? The

For a Complete Course at the world was quite complete with just their first move tothe two. They reigned supreme. go back downWfiTHthe canyon, a familiar

Quish School of Beauty Culture Together they hunted deer and voice called from that tree, ordering

The Best in the West gathered fat pods of the big yucca. them to stop. At the same time they

304-9 Thompson Ezra another plenty to eat and heard found Bldg. They below—or was CITY, UTAH SALT LAKE

esof grass. it an echo? abundance They voice waited—no Information Further For

and Catalog Call Their canyon had but one place cape. From behind that tree came

Wasatch 7560 or where a horse could get in or out, a sombre form with a wide black hat

Fill in This and by laying a dry limb across that and a vertical, inky mustache hiding

Coupon entrance, they converted the canyon his mouth. He descended the hill

into an enclosed pasture. Some slowly towards them.

days in their little hangout they "Puneeh!"he grunted, "Youi

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN sneaked in there when I was away."sued Poke and Bishop as they fledHe carried his gun in his hand but for their lives. In their first wild George

he showed no intention of using it; dash they had almost run over

surely he had someone with him or Posey and Toorah without knowing he would not venture so carelessly it, and then they had turned to the Washington—towards them. "If I had been there, remote quarter west of Wooden

you would have been treated as the Shoes as the most likely place to Biographers say that early in sneaking coyote you are,"he went escape all pursuers. life he mapped out a plan of busion, "Now I have you in a trap."Before Poke quit talking, Bishop ness activity and then bent every

"Trapped coyotes can bite,"hisscame up in sight with two horses effort toward achieving his goals.

ed his sister, half raising the pistol. from below, and he waited while

The old bear simply frowned and Poke answered Toorah's questions lifted his hand with cautioning gesabout the killing. ture. "Don't do it—I'm not hurting Turning to Posey the old bear's Abraham

anybody."face resumed its grizzly lineaments.

"What has he done that you "Skunk! Apostate pup!"he grunted Lincoln

should kill him like a coyote in a in aversion, "But I'm going to give trap?"she demanded, lowering the you a chance on one condition.""1 will study and prepare, and

weapon, and glancing from side to Then he demanded ten horses in perhaps my chance will come,"side for his hidden confederate. payment for his sister, ten horses

"Am I your horse that you keep me broke to ride. And Posey was to

hobbled and guarded? When I get return with flour, bacon, and other

away you trail me up and drag me items of food to the canyon, report back like a slave. And now like an conditions on the outside, especially

old bear you are after me again."the activities of Rooster and his hossilence—hePoke met seemedher furyto withbe almostcalm tilePoseygang.accepted without argument,sympathetic—they could not underand when Poke stepped aside and

stand it. motioned the couple on up the trail,

Still Toorah glared at him in hot they went promptly.

resentment, refraining from the Victory again! The trouble had

weapon in her hand only through really turned out right, and Hatch, fear helper of his might shoot who horsethief, the was dead—Haskel's

in "Kill us!"her the back. she strong medicine.

cursed with clenched teeth, "Kill What were ten horses in a counof us!"she facedboth dehim and try lousy with horses? what And

littlefiantly as a animal game of price a a grubstake the and few L. D. S. BUSINESS wall. to thecrowded trips to of the hangout west back

that Still unruffled with and Flat? win skunk would Deer The COLLEGE

ifstrange, uncomfortable look as it favor than even better by doing 70 North Main Street hiddenburdened and with some expected. they

concern,grave the old bear regarded sister thoughtfully.his baby "I Straight over the main trail and iiiiiliiliiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiSalt Lake City iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

didn't follow you,"he declared, "I in broad daylight they headed for

Please the booklet, the This in Cottonwood. camp home send medidn't to expect see you—didn't in "Planning the Future"Your marked dawn of a new era this morning you wereknow till

here."Posey's life, the happy, golden era

"If you didn't follow us, why are too good to last. Name

you here talking of killing us like The proud moment of victorious Address coyotes in a trap?"arrival with Toorah at his old mini iiiiiimiiiimiiiimiiiiiiiiiiimitiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliimiililllt

"Listen,"and still he was not father's wickiup, was the bright mo- 0-BI)0-*0't()a<)4Illi J'()M>0K!)<Mu

angered, "A bad, bad thing has hapment in Posey's life never to be forpened."Then he related the traggotten. It was a memory to amedy which, ever since that time has plify the sting of changed condi- r 1

ahead. fortunes tions distracted and in written as a red paragraphbeen MORTUARY PESERET

last | It filled to history thethe orders Poke's of County. San Juan He

| AoveAII Service that, trifling particular. with the time Besides abouthappened Posey \....M

found the hidden camp in the cedars, sweets and other pleasant things but it happened in the big ducki added to the order, he bid for favor game in the Rooster wickiup near by cheering the lonely days of the

Peter Spring. A fierce quarrel deold bear's exile. He delivered the

veloped, Posey heard the beginning stipulated number of horses, guaranof it, but as it rose in fury, the teeing to make good any one which

Rooster brothers killed Hatch, and might be replevied, a weakness to then Poke and Bishop killed the which he knew these horses were

Rooster brothers. Old Rooster and subject.

his friends, wild for revenge, pur- (To be Continued).

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY PROOF Analyst—This has only three syllables and, although it Golf Widow: "You think so much of your old golf game

means one who makes an analysis, it drops the is and adds that you don't even remember when we were married."

a t. The first syllable is an pronounced with the a as in at; Bug: "Of course I do, my dear; it was the day I sank that

the second a is pronounced as in the word sofa and the y has thirtyfoot putt."

theFebruary—hasforce of the i intwoit. r'sTheinaccentit—eachfollowsone theof an.which is pronounced. The accent follows the feb syllable, the e pronouncedfoot—andasisinprecededthe wordbymet;an r;thetheu aisis soundedsounded as"as inin themet;wordand

the y as in it.

first met; the the as in word e pronounced Genuine—the

is as pronounced part of the word; gen u accent falls on the

in the word unite; the i is short as in the word it. We Latterday Saints are firm believers in the Word of Wisdom and

should not put the wrong pronunciation in the last part of this word.

A "BORROWER"HAS RETURNED Don P. Skousen

Attorney at Law HE REPLIED, LAMELY 315316 Phoenix: "Doctor, free advice) what for (hoping National Bank Bldg. MacPherson Arizona, Phoenix,

ankle?"for a sprained I do would 1, 1936. October

: Herald. "Limp!"Scotch) (also The Epworth Doctor Dear Editors:

partially bethis past year,.Era for the subscribe did not I THREE TIMES AND OUT to see I wanted how well and I cause one solicited no me

could get along without it, so I borrowed, and borrowed and (with hands over her eyes): "If you can't guess who it borrowed. After returning the borrowed property, however, HEis in three guesses, I'm going to kiss you."

I had no Era to refer to in some matters which I wished to She: "Jack Frost, Davy Jones, Santa Claus."- Smith's

check. Weekly {Sydney).

Your current topics induced me to watch more closely style varied literary items. for corroborative news Your and EVEN THE WOLF FEELS PITY'S PANGS

fact or direct of discussions matter gives a choice one subject gathering. This latter is difficult to master yet elementary to T)oet Pete: "Burglars broke into my house last night."

the analytical mind. Your poetic column often carries one *- Friend: "Yes? What happened?"

from the "humdrums of life"into the sublime. Your conPoet Pete: "They searched through every room, then left

tributors are from every corner of the globe, representing a $5 bill on my bureau."Pathfinder.

wealth, comfort and poverty, students, preachers, farmers, scientists, poets, and business men, yet all in all their CALAMITY AVOIDED heresies, their motives and minds are unwarped by traditions scien- *'/Congratulations, my boy!"often attainments high; their their ambitions noble and

just said that I flunked out of medical school."-* "But you is tific of the the reputation scholarly. This.Era. What and "lives think but have saved. of the "Ah, Northwestern you gymnastics? his mental to indulge can one wish for more

I hope the Era will continue to maintain its standard of Purple Parrot.

good news, style, subject matter and reputation.

Enclosed you will find my check for $2.00 in return for

which dispatch me the Era. Very cordially, fel'\J

(Signed) D. P. Skousen.

Lawick, Norway, Aug. 27, 1936.

Dear Editors:

FOR SOME unknown reason there seems to be something inside me, prompting me to "take five"and jot down a missionary's gratitude for the sending of the Era to faroff Norway, to us that are temporarily separated from Zion. This

"prompting"was first felt while reading in the July edition

President Grant's article, in which is stated that it took $30,000 to send the Era to the missionaries. This sum must have meant **"\17eight put on by overindulgence in malted liquors can

"sacrifice"to more than a few individuals, and, although my be taken off by a series of reducing exercises,"says companion and I are but two of the many missionaries receiv- a doctor. No. 1: Move the head firmly from side to side

ing the Era, we nevertheless feel deeply and personally inwhen somebody suggests another halfpint. Humorist

debted to the supporters of this courtesy, as reading the (London) words of our Church leaders fires the flame of ambition and kindles a stronger desire to get out and do that which we came EXHIBIT A out here to do. Yes, you can feel confident that $30,000

investment will never become "worthless stock.""HPhat girl over there shows distinction in her clothes."

Allow me also to add that a magazine with a better selection 1 "You mean distinctly, don't you?"Boston Transcript.

of articles and stories just isn't printed and that a copy of the

JSra is welcomed as much as a letter from home. ""Doss, I am entitled to a better position!"

Sincerely, *-* "Right! Try sitting up straight at your desk.'

Richard Jorgenson.

STARS THAT SHINE

in the radio skies. These CBS artists

help make your days and evenings pleasant. Tune to KSL and you will

hear: (I) Floyd Gibbons, Thursday, 8

o'clock, for ColgatePalmolive; Saturday, 7 o'clock, for Nash. (2) Frances

Langford, Friday, 7 o'clock, for Campbell Soup. (3) Al Jolson, Tuesday, 9:30

o'clock, for Rinso. (4) Deanna Durbin,

Sunday, 9 o'clock, for Texaco. (5)

Franklyn MacCormack, Monday through Thursday, 9 o'clock, for Wrigley. (6) Wendell Hall, Sunday, 8

o'clock, for Gillette. (7) Nelson Eddy,

<?* Sunday, 6 o'clock, for Vick's. (8) Rubinoff, Sunday, 4:30 o'clock, for Chevrolet!

THE STARS THAT SHINE ARE COLUMBIA STARS! TUNE TO KSL!

AFFILIATED

WITH THE VOICE 5 0,000 OF THE WEST WATTSKSL is (rf Adversity low #W

: - '.>JfT /llrfff it# 4#f Iff J ## \#ft. 1IWW I

CONSIDER these trees on the mountain top. Th eir brothers have succumbed to the destructive forces

of nature... wind, snow, drouth, lightning, slides. Only the strongest remain.

... and the fittest How like man! When adversities come the weak go first and only the fittest remain

are those who have prepared in advance to meet adversity. To be able to stand your ground when adversity comes, have plenty of life insurance protection... with its cash reserves in time of decreased

earning power and its primary values in case of total disability or death.

A Beneficial Life underwriter will help you plan an adequate and balanced Life Insurance program.

If It's a Beneficial Policy It's The Best Insurance You Can Buy

Home Office—Beneficial Life Bldg., Salt Lake City. Utah

heber j. grant, president

General Agents ALLEN CAMERON, 515 Title & Trust Bldg., phoenix, H. M. ROLLINS, LYMAN, WYO.

ARIZ. THOS. L. SMART, 202 WONDER BLDG., RENO, NEV.

R. F. COTTLE, 420 Idaho Bldg., Boise, Idaho E. J. SORENSEN, 3IO Park Central Bldg., Los Angeles,

l. d. greenwood, 208-1 1 jennie rogers bldg., idaho Calif.

Falls, Idaho ROY UTLEY, 310 Park Central bldg., Los Angeles,

david petersen, 919 first national bank bldg., ogden, Calif.

Utah ARCHER WILLEY, 605 California BLDG., OAKLAND, Calif.

THOS. H. ROBINSON, 8!Q White Bldg., Seattle, Wash. GEORGE A. ZUNDEL. 4335 Sacramento Ave., Chico. Calif.