DAVID SUM

I NNO tt MA I. Factory School Shoes Z. C. M.

Made on the Munson Army Last or the

English Toed School Shoes FOR BOYS, YOUTHS, LITTLE GENTS

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1919

TABLE OF CONTENTS Portrait of President Heber J. Grant Frontispiece

1919 Alfred Lambourne 185 Reorganization of the First Presidency—President

Heber J. Grant Edward H, Anderson. 187

The Written Word. A Poem Lydia D. Alder. 190

Reminiscences of President Joseph F. Smith Bishop Charles W. Nibley. 191

In Honor of President Joseph F. Smith Dr. George Brimhall, Dr. James

E. Talmage, Nephi Jensen.... 199

The Heaven We Get will be the Heaven We Earn.. Joseph S. Peery 203

Funeral of President Joseph F. Smith 204

The Palace of Versailles. Illustration 206

Portrait of Persis M. McKee:....... 207

The Gateway. An Illustrated Story N. L. Nelson 208

Traveling Over Forgotten Trails. Illustrated Hon. Anthony W. Ivins... 217

My Prayer. A Poem. Susa Young Gates 220

What Doth it Profi*: a Man? Dr. James E. Talmage 221

At the Top of the Canyon—II...Claude T. Barnes 223

Died in Service 234 Accompanied by Their Most Severe Censure. A

Story!i F. H. Sweet 241

The Efficient Mutual Prof. Osborne J. P. Widtsoe.... 245

Died in the Field 259 Hail, Starry Flag. Patriotic Song L. D. Edwards 262

Enemy Deserts Loot in Flight. War Picture 263

Editor's Table—In Memoriam 264

Christmas and New Year President Joseph F. Smith 266

General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A. Reorganization—Anthony W. Ivins. With

portrait.Edward H. Anderson 267

Messages from the Missions 271

Mutual Work r. 273

Passing Events 275 YOUR GARDEN GUIDE The very Book you are looking for will be ready early in

January. It contains 96 pages, fully illustrated, just brimful

of information most valuable to every one with even a foot of ground to cultivate. It is conceded to be the most instructive book on Gardening, Farming and Poultry Raising ever

offered for FREE distribution in the Mountain States.

A Post Card will bring you a FREE COPY. Write it TODAY.

PORTERWALTON CO.

Seed and Nursery Specialists Salt Lake City r'umiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiim miliii iiiiniiiii iiiiiiliiilillii limn liiiililiiHiiii imiiiiiiiinni miili

The stream of time has brought us to a New Year. |

Behind us, in the immediate past, lies a terrible dark- | ness. The world has awakened from a nightmare of |

| horror, the heart of civilization has been oppressed; |

| and yet, in the darkness there was a lurid light of glory. 1

| Amidst the horror, men waited for the brightness of this | | dawn. Before us there now lies a future radiant in the |

1 sunrise of new hope.

And yet that hope implies a tremendous task. Re- 1

the 1| construction! From the ruins of warfare—upon

con- || broken thrones, the desolation of lands—must be

1 structed the laws of true liberty, must be built anew the | | habitations of man, the halls of learning, and the tern- 1 | pies of the soul. A new era must begin which shall

1 have for its aim justice to, and the uplifting of, the | humanity of the whole world.

That armistice which came upon the eleventh hour, | the eleventh day, and the eleventh month of the past | | year, was it not a solemn warning, an admonition to the | | old regime? Let the hour of twelve strike with a Peace |

| that shall be as a Reclamation of the Race. Let us re-

| construct so that the era that shall come to pass will see 1 that the hungry are fed, that the naked are clothed, that 1 one law shall exist for the weak and the strong, the rich f for all! Let us raise a structure | 1 and the poor—liberty

fair and wondrous unto the minds and souls of men.

Let the course of this year, 1919, be memorable for | the wisdom of its thoughts and deeds, let it shine bright- | ly in the stream of endless time.

| Alfred Lambourne.

llllllIIIMIIIIIlllllllIllllIllllllltlllllllllllllllMllllllllllllll llllll MIlllIllllllllllllllltllllllltllUHIIMlllllllllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Illlllllll lllllllllil 117.

1 1 1

i 111 ii inn ii ii i ii nullum ii ii iiiii ii mini ii mi milium mil m i n n ii iiimiiiiiimin linn in n mm mi niinii in im un i imiii in iiiuu!iti '. 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 < 1 1 1 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M I < M U < 1 1 1 1! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 > 1 1 U 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 i I U 1 1 II M 1 1! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ] 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 L 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 U 1 1 L 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l H

= E PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

| Bom Nov. 22, 1856; ordained an Apostle, Oct. 16, 1882; became President of

the Council of Twelve Apostles, Nov. 23, 1916; chosen and ordained

President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday 1 Saints, Nov. 23, 1918. 1

'. i M 1 M 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 M M M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 M M M i I M 1 M 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 f 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ( I.-

Vol. XXII JANUARY, 1919 No. 3

Reorganization of the First Presidency

Following the death of President Joseph F. Smith, on November 19, and his burial in the City Cemetery, November 22,

1918, the First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints was disorganized and the Council of Twelve

Apostles became the presiding quorum of the Church. Since

the death of President Wilford Woodruff, it has been customary to reorganize the First Presidency at the earliest date consistent following its disorganization.

After the deaths of Joseph Smith the prophet, and Presidents Brigham Young and John Taylor, considerable time elapsed before the First Presidency was again organized. Before President Woodruff's death, he expressed a desire that

thereafter this condition should change, and hence, the First

Presidency has since been reorganized without delay.

In conformity with that custom, a special meeting of the

Council of Twelve Apostles convened in the Temple, Salt Lake

City, Saturday morning, nine o'clock, November 23, 1918, for the purpose of reorganizing under the inspiration of the Lord, the presiding quorum of High Priests of the Church. There

were present Heber J. Grant, Anthon H. Lund, Rudger Clawson,

George Albert Smith, Charles W. Penrose, Orson F. Whitney,

David O. McKay, Anthony W. Ivins, Joseph F. Smith, Jr., James

E. Talmage, Stephen L. Richards, and Richard R. Lyman, also

the Presiding Patriarch, Hyrum G. Smith.

Elder Heber J. Grant, president of the Council of the

Twelve since Nov. 23, 1916, was unanimously sustained president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and

was blessed and set apart for that position by President Anthon

H. Lund.

President Grant then chose President Anthon H. Lund to

be the first counselor in the First Presidency, and President

Charles W. Penrose to be the second counselor. They were both

set apart for their positions by President Grant.

188 IMPROVEMENT ERA

President Anthon H. Lund, senior member of the Council

of the Twelve, was sustained as president of that Council, and was set apart by President Charles W. Penrose.

Elder Rudger Clawson was sustained as acting president of the Council of the Twelve, and was set apart by Elder Orson

F. Whitney.

President Grant was also sustained as Trusteein-Trust for the body of religious worshipers known as the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints.

President Heber Jeddy Grant, Who was thus chosen to the exalted position of President of the

Church, is the son of Jedediah Morgan Grant and Rachel Ridgeway Ivins. He was born on the 22nd day of November, 1856,

in the Thirteenth ward, on the lot where the Z. C. M. I. is

now located, in Salt Lake City, Utah. His father in his day

was one of the most enthusiastic and most zealous workers in the

Church; and his mother was one of the bright and noble

heroines of Zion.

President Grant is the only son of his mother, but has a number of brothers and sisters who bear his father's name. He

is the thirtythird apostle chosen in the Church, its seventh president, and the first man born in Utah who was chosen a member of the Twelve; also the first native son who has occupied the position of President of the Church. It is a strange

coincidence that President Francis M. Lyman, whom he succeeded as President of the Twelve, and President Joseph F.

Smith, whom he succeeds as President of the Church, were both buried on his birthday anniversary, the former in 1916, and the latter in 1918. He was chosen to succeed the former on

November 23, 1916, and the latter, November 23, 1918, the day following his natal day, his sixtieth and sixtysecond anniversaries respectively.

President Grant's first act in his new position will be hailed with great satisfaction by all the members of the Church—it

was the choice of his wise, the true, the tried counselors—the

and experienced leaders, Presidents Anthon H. Lund and

Charles W. Penrose, men of unbounded integrity and stability

of character, so well known that their names need only be mentioned to receive immediate and unanimous approbation.

With President Grant's force and determination, and with such men as his advisers, his administration will be noted for continued growth and development, not only in spiritual affairs, but also in temporal matters. Energy, perseverance and persistence are characteristic of his whole life, in whatever he

undertakes.

REORGANIZATION OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY 189

He is preeminently a business man, but there is not a man in all the Church who has more regard for its spiritual welfare than Heber J. Grant. His admiration for and obedience to his

brethren who have occupied the position he now holds have dominated his whole career. He believes implicitly in the inspiration of the Lord which has guided them in all their affairs.

He is liberal to a fault, helpful, sympathetic, with heart and ears attuned to every righteous need and cause. As a business man,

he not only promptly fulfils his promises and keeps his appointments, but aims to give value received for all he obtains; and as

an employer treats all who work for him with liberality, respect and consideration.

His successful services on financial missions for the Church are well known. His energy, determination, and his belief in

work as a winning virtue, are inspirations to all who come to know him. These characteristics are prominent in all the misreligious. Among the latter issions he has filled—secular and

one to Japan, and one to Great Britain and Europe, in both of which he presided over the missions. When he sets out to win,

he is determined to obtain the goal, taking genuine pleasure in laboring to accomplish results. How he received his testimony

as an apostle of Jesus Christ, was given in his stirring talk at the last October conference, and printed in the December Era.

It is so in all his efforts. When he once sets out to do a

work, there is no relaxation until it is finished. He has implicit

faith in the divinity of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, a faith founded more on the inspiration of the Holy

Ghost, answer to prayer, and the goodness of God to him, to the

Church, its leaders and members, than from any extended doctrinal study, or technical knowledge of its theology or philosophy.

What was said of him by the writer in a biographical sketch seventeen years ago, is even more characteristic of him today, for he has grown with the years in every noble quality named:

"Apostle Grant is tall, erect in figure, with prominent features which indicate energy and push. His desire to aid others ha9 given him a disposition to feel for his fellows, and there is not a man in Zion with a more

loving, helping heart than has Heber Jeddy Grant. One of his traits, which

is worthy of emulation, is his determination to overcome obstacles and defects that stand in his way to the perfection of his character. When he

discovers a fault in himself, he endeavors by persistent and continued effort, such as only few are capable of, to overcome. And thus his life is

growing better as the years increase, and will continue until his ideal of perfection, which enlarges with his deeper knowledge, shall be reached.

He has gained the love, respect and confidence of his frinds and business associates; and the authorities of the Church impose in him the fullest

trust. He is an active worker in the cause of God, and has learned to

feel the keenest delight in his labors among the Saints. He loves the youth

of Israel, and in his sermons frequently addresses his earnest remarks to

190 IMPROVEMENT ERA

them. Associated with the Twelve, and with the general boards of the

Sunday Schools and the Improvement Associations, he is constantly among the people, and his counsel and practical advice, in temporal as well at spiritual affairs, are eagerly sought.

"I asked him to say a word to the boys and girls who read this sketch what he would say, in fact, if he could speak to all the children of Zion.

In reply, he gave a sermon that will require all the days of your lives to live, but only a few moments to read. He said: 'I would say to them:

'Honor thy father and thy mother that thy days may be long upo i the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.'Seek for the light and inspiration

of the Spirit of God to guide you in all the walks of life; be forgiving, be

charitable. Never allow the acts of men to affect your faith in the Gospel.

Remember that God says we should be anxiously engaged in a good cause, and bring to pass much righteousness, for the power is in us wherein we are agents unto ourselves, that inasmuch as men do good, they shall in nowise lose their reward. In every vocation of life, try to get the Spirit of

God to aid you in the accomplishment of your work. Try to make others

haPPy and to aid them in carrying their burdens in life, and you are sure of happiness, not only in this life, but in the life to come. Remember the

words of Lord Bulwer Lytton:

"'Dream, O youth. Dream nobly and manfully, and thy dreams shall

be thy prophets!'

"Always be punctual, truthful and virtuous, and you will thereby insure yourself the love of God and of all good men."

President Grant's life is full of testimonies that God lives and answers prayer, that Joseph Smith is a prophet of God, and that the Church which he was instrumental in founding is divinely established by revelation from God the Father and his Son

Jesus Christ.

As the burdens and responsibilities of his new and exalted position multiply upon him, President Grant will grow in ability and strength to bear them. All faithful Latterday Saints

will join in prayer and deeds to make his administration strong, progressive and pleasing and acceptable in the sight of our heavenly Father. Edward H. Anderson.

The Written Word

The pen is mightier than the sword;

The written, than the spoken word:

The written, unborn ages sway;

The spoken, idly drifts away.

The written word hath wonders wrought,

Thrown open wide the door of Thought.

Truth filters through, and men can see

A revelation, prophecy.

Thought's storehouse never overflows,

No smaller is, for all one knows

Outstretch thy hand, Thought's flowers are fair;

Pluck all thou wilt, nu fewer there.

Lydia D. Alder.

Reminiscences of President Joseph F.

Smith

. Nibley, Presiding Bisliop of the Church By Charles W

The Era has asked me to write a few remembrances of incidents connected with my personal association with the late President Joseph F. Smith, while they are yet fresh in memory, and

it is a pleasure to comply.

The first time I ever remember seeing Joseph F. Smith was

in the then little village of Wellsville, in the year 1867. He was

twentyeight years of age, and had recently been chosen one of the Twelve Apostles. President Brigham Young and company

were making a tour of the northern settlements, and the new apostle, Joseph F. Smith, was among the number. I heard him

preach in the old meetinghouse at Wellsville, and I remarked at the time what a fine specimen of young manhood he was strong, powerful, with a beautiful voice, so full of sympathy and affection, so appealing in its tone, that he impressed me, although

I was a youth of but eighteen. He was a handsome man.

At that time I was clerking in a little store owned by Father

Ira Ames, one of the old Kirtland veterans of the Church.

Apostle George A. Smith was one of that company and he was

entertained at Brother Ames'home, where I also lived. I recall

that at the dinner table, Father Ames asked George A. who of

the Smiths this young man Joseph F. was.

George A. replied that he was Hyrum's son; his mother,

Mary Fielding Smith.

Brother Ames remarked that he looked like a likely young fellow, and George A. replied in about these words

"Yes, I think he will be all right. His father and mother

left him when he was a child, and we have been looking after him to try and help him along. We first sent him to school, but

it was not long before he licked the schoolmaster, and could not go to school. Then we sent him on a mission, and he did pretty

well at that. I think he will make good as an apostle."

Some years ago I related this incident to President Smith, and he told me that the reason he had trouble with the schoolmaster was that the schoolmaster had a leather strap with which he used to chastise the children. He was a rather hardhearted

schoolmaster, one of the olden type that believed in inflicting bodily punishment.

192 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I President Smith said: "My little sister was called up (Aunt

Martha, now living in Provo) to be punished. I saw the schoolmaster bring out the leather strap, and he told the child to hold

out her hand. I could not stand for that. I just spoke up loudly and said, 'Don't whip her with that,'and at that he came at

me and was going to whip me, and instead of him whipping me,

I licked him good and plenty."

At the time of this incident, Joseph F. (for by that name

he was affectionately called) was about fifteen years of age. But

he was a strong, powerful youth, and his big heart could not tolerate such punishment, especially if it bordered on the cruel, to be inflicted upon a little child.

Another incident which I have heard him relate which shows his courage and integrity, occurred when he was returning from his mission to the Sandwich Islands, in the fall of 1857.

He came home by way of Los Angeles, by what was called the

Southern Route. In that year Johnston's Army was on the move

for Utah, and naturally enough there was much excitement and bitterness of feeling concerning the "Mormons."In southern

California, just after the little train of wagons had traveled only a short distance and made their camp, several anti-"Mormon"toughs rode into the camp on horseback, cursing and swearing and threatening what they would do to the "Mormons."Joseph

F. was a little distance from the camp gathering wood for the

fire, but he saw that the few members of his own party had cautiously gone into the brush down the creek, out of sight.

When he saw that, he told me, the thought came into his mind, "Shall I run from these fellows? Why should I fear them?"

With that he marched up with his arm full of wood to the campfire where one of the ruffians, still with his pistol in his hand, shouting and cursing about the "Mormons,"in a loud voice said to Joseph F.,

"Are you a 'Mormon'?"

And the answer came straight, "Yes, sir, true blue, through and through."

At that the ruffian grasped him by the hand and said, "Shake, young fellow, I am glad to see a man that stands up for his convictions."

These incidents show the inherent bravery, courage, integrity, of the man, and also tenderness and pity for the little helpless sister. These are the qualities upon which great men

are builded.

In the spring of 1877, I was called to accompany President

Smith on a mission to Europe. I was called by him to labor in

the business affairs of the Liverpool office, and from that time until the day of his death, I think I have enjoyed his personal confidence more than any man living. When I look back on it

REMINISCENCES OF PRESIDENT SMITH 193

all now, I can see what a treasure, a blessing, a favor from the

Almighty it has been to me.

During the last eleven years, especially, I have traveled with him almost constantly whenever he has gone from home. I have

been with him on three different trips to Europe, including the first missionary trip above mentioned, and on four trips to the

Sandwich Islands. Everywhere, and on all occasions, I have

found him the same great, brave, truehearted, noble and magnificent leader, so simple and unaffected, so entirely democratic and unassuming.

He was always careful with his expenditures, too. He abhorred debt, and no man have I ever known who was so prompt

to pay an obligation to the last penny. He could not rest until

the Church was out of debt, and though hundreds of schemes, and many of them extra good schemes, too, were presented to him, which no doubt would have meant an increase of wealth for the Church, yet he resolutely set his face against debt; and

would not, under any conditions or circumstances involve the

Church in that way. Neither would he himself become involved

in debt in his own individual affairs, but persistently stuck to the old motto, "Pay as you go."

Many of the older people now alive can recall that forty years ago, or even less, he was considered a radical, and many a one of that time shook his head and said, "What will become of things if that fiery radical ever becomes president of the

Church?"But from the time he was made president of the

Church, and even before that time, he became one of the most tolerant of men; tolerant of others'opinions, and while he

would denounce sin with such righteous wrath as you would seldom see in any man, yet for the poor sinner he had compassion and pity, and even forgiveness, if sincere repentance were shown. None more ready than he to forgive and forget.

One touching little incident I recall which occurred on our first trip to the Sandwich Islands. As we landed at the wharf

in Honolulu, the native Saints were out in great numbers with their wreaths of leis, beautiful flowers of every variety and hue.

he, of course, more than anyone else.We were loaded with them,

it oftenThe noted Hawaiian band was there playing welcome as does to incoming steamship companies. But on this occasion

the band had been instructed by the Mayor to go up to the "Mormon"meetinghouse and there play selections during the festivities which the natives had arranged for. It was a beautiful

sight to see the deepseated love, the even tearful affection that these people had for him. In the midst of it all I noticed a

poor old blind woman, tottering under the weight of about ninety years, being led in. She had a few choice bananas in

offering. She was calling, "Iosepa, her hand. It was her all—her

194 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Iosepa."Instantly, when he saw her, he ran to her and clasped

her in his arms, hugged her, and kissed her over and over again, patting her on the head saying, "Mama, Mama, my dear old

Mama."And with tears streaming down his cheeks he turned to me and said, "Charlie, she nursed me when I was a boy, sick and without anyone to care for me. She took me in and was a

mother to me."

pathetic. It was beautiful to Oh, it was touching—it was

see the great, noble soul in loving tender remembrance of kindness extended to him, more than fifty years before; and the

poor old soul who had brought her love offering—a few bananas

all she put into the hand of her loved Iosepa!—it was had—to

Oh these ocean trips there was much spare time, and we often whiled away an hour or two playing checkers. He could

play a good game of checkers, much better than I. In fact, he

could beat me four times out of five, but once in a while, when

I played more cautiously, and no doubt when he was more careless, I could beat him. If he was beating me right along and I

made an awkward move, and could see instantly that I had moved the wrong checker, he would allow me to draw it back if I noticed it immediately; but on the other hand, if I had beaten

him for a game or two and should put my finger on a checker to draw it back, even though it were on the instant, he would call out with force enough, and in that positive way of his, "No you don't, you leave it right there."It is in these little incidents that we show the human side of our natures.

sport. He was a natural athlete; He loved sport—manly

and in his youth at footracing, jumping, wrestling, which were among the primitive sports of primitive days, he was a match for anyone. In later years I had induced him to take up with

the ancient and royal Scottish game of golf. He got so that he

could play a very good game, excellent indeed for a man of his years. But on one occasion, down at Santa Monica, when we

were playing, we were up within about one hundred feet of the flag at the hole we were making for. A slight stroke should

have driven the ball nearer the flag, but the inclination to look up as one tries to hit the ball got the best of him, and the consequence was he topped the ball and it rolled only a couple of feet or so. He bent over for the next stroke, and the one

thing which all golfers most fear, and the hardest to overcome, is that habit of looking up or taking the eye off the ball just as you go to strike. This he did, the second time, when he topped

it again and it moved but a few feet further. The third time he

went up to it and hit it a whack that sent it rolling one hundred feet beyond the flag. His son, Wesley, who was playing with us,

called out, "Why, papa, what did you do that for? You knew

REMINISCENCES OF PRESIDENT SMITH 195

it would roll away down there in the ditch!"The President

straightened up and said, rather severely, "Well, I was mad at it!"I have laughed hundreds of times at that, "I was mad at it."

Of course, we agreed well together, otherwise we would not have been companionable during all these years. But sometimes

I could not fully agree with him on some matters that we discussed. I recall one night we were on shipboard returning from

Europe, in 1906. It was a bright moonlight night, and we stood

there leaning over the railing enjoying the smooth sea and balmy summer night air. The Smoot investigation, which had just

occurred a little while before and which had stirred up so much controversy throughout the land was fresh in our minds, and we were talking of it. I took the position that it would be unwise

for Reed Smoot to be reelected to the United States Senate. I

was conscientious in my objection, and I had marshaled all the facts, arguments, and logic, that I could; and I was well informed, I thought, on the subject, and had presented them to

him in as clear and yet in as adroit a manner as I possibly could.

It would take too much space here to go over the arguments, but it seemed to me that I had the best of it. I could see he

began to listen with some little impatience, and yet he let me have my say, but he answered in tones and in a way that I shall never forget. Bringing his fist down with some force on the

railing between us, he said, in the most forceful and positive manner: "If ever the Spirit of the Lord has manifested to me anything clear and plain and positive, it is this, that Reed Smoot should remain in the United States Senate. He can do more

good there than he can anywhere else."

Of course, I did not contend further with him, but accepted from that hour his view of the case and made it mine, too.

Twelve years have passed since that time, and looking back on it now, I cannot help but think how marvelously and splendidly the inspiration of the Almighty has been vindicated, while my argument, facts and logic have all fallen to the ground.

During the last six or eight years, hundreds of prominent people, Democrats as well as Republicans, passing through Salt

Lake City, even Secretary McAdoo, himself, among them, have stated to President Smith that Utah had a great big man in the

United States Senate in the person of Senator Reed Smoot.

President Smith's judgment, or rather his inspiration in this matter, has been vindicated to the last degree.

As a preacher of righteousness, who could compare with him? He was the greatest that I ever heard—strong, powerful,

clear, appealing. It was marvelous how the words of living

light and fire flowed from him. He was a born preacher, and

yet he did not set himself up to be such. He never thought

196 IMPROVEMENT ERA

highly of his own great qualities. Rather, he was simple, plain

and unaffected to the last degree; and yet, there was a dignity

with it all which enabled anyone and everyone to say: "He is a

man among men!"As preacher, leader, teacher, husband,

father, citizen and man, I ask, who among our mighty ones can be likened unto hirn?

He loved a good story and a good joke. There was a good

laugh in him always. He had no patience with vile stories, but

there was a fine vein of humor in him, and he could relate incidents of his early life and entertain the crowd about him as few men ever could.

He was the most methodical in all his work of any person I ever knew. Every letter that he received had to be endorsed by

him with the date and any other information, and all carefully filed away. He could not stand for disorder. Everything in

connection with his work was orderly. He could pack his suitcase or a trunk and line out and smooth out every piece of clothing in it so that it would hold more and be better packed than

if anybody else had done it. His clothes, too, were always clean.

Most men as they grow old are likely to have their clothes more or less spotted through dropping food on their clothing. But

not so with him. To his last day his clothes were as clean and

as well taken care of as if he had been a young man of thirty.

He was a most strenuous worker and never considered saving himself at all. You could go up to his little office in the Beehive most any night when he was well, and find him writing

letters or attending to some other work. Perhaps some dear old

soul had written him a personal letter, and he would work into the night answering it with his own hand. Indeed, he overworked himself and no doubt injured his strong constitution.

as to what he ate and He was careless about eating—careless

when he ate. His living was exceedingly simple and plain. He

rarely got to bed before midnight, and the consequence was he did not get sufficient sleep and rest.

He was very fond of music and loved to sing the songs of

Zion.

His love for little children was unbounded. During the trip

we took last year down through the southern settlements to St.

George and return, when the troops of little children were paraded before him, it was beautiful to see how he adored these little ones. It was my duty to try and get the company started,

to make time to the next settlement where the crowds would be waiting for us, but it was a difficult task to pull him away from the little children. He wanted to shake hands with and talk

to every one of themOnce in a while someone would come up to him and say, "President Smith, I believe I am a kinsman of yours."

REMINISCENCES OF PRESIDENT SMITH 197

I knew then that we were good for another ten minutes'delay, for that great heart of his, that went out to every kinsman as well as to the little children, could not be torn away quickly from anyone claiming kinship with him.

I have visited at his home when one of his little children was down sick. I have seen him come home from his work at

night tired, as he naturally would be, and yet he would walk the floor for hours with that little one in his arms, petting it and loving it, encouraging it in every way with such tenderness and such a soul of pity and love as not one mother in a thousand would show.

While he was a hardheaded, successful business man, yet very few in this dispensation have been more gifted with spiritual insight than he. As we were returning from an eastern

trip, some years ago, on the train just east of Green River, 1 saw him go out to the end of the car on the platform, and immediately return and hesitate a moment, and then sit down in the seat just ahead of me. He had just taken his seat when something went wrong with the train. A broken rail had been the

means of ditching the engine and had thrown most of the cars off the track. In the sleeper we were shaken up pretty badly, but

our car remained on the track.

The President immediately said to me that he had gone on the platform when he heard a voice saying, "Go in and sit down."

He came in, and I noticed him stand a moment, and he seemed to hesitate, but he sat down.

He said further that as he came in and stood in the aisle lie thought, "Oh, pshaw, perhaps it is only my imagination;"when

he heard the voice again, "Sit down,"and he immediately took his seat, and the result was as I have stated.

He, no doubt, would have been very seriously injured had he remained on the platform of that car, as the cars were all jammed up together pretty badly. He said, "I have heard that voice a

good many times in my life, and I have always profited by obeying it."

On another occasion, at a function which was held in the palatial home of Mr. and Mrs. A. W. McCune, he made an extended talk to the gathering. He then said that when a certain

brother who had been called to a responsible position in the

Church was chosen for that position, he himself had never heard this spiritual voice more plainly and more clearly telling him what to do, than in this naming of the individual who was to be called for that certain office.

He lived in close communion with the Spirit of the Lord, and his life was so exemplary and chaste that the Lord could easily manifest himself to his servant. Truly he could say

"Speak Lord, for thy servant heareth."Not every servant can

198 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hear when He speaks. But the heart of President Smith was

could hear, and did hear.attuned to the Celestial melodies—he

What shall I say of the grand and glorious work that he has done in rearing the large and splendid family that he leaves behind. What a noble work for any man! Indeed no man without great nobility of soul could have accomplished it. Is not this

bringing up a good family, and a large family of good citizens, good men and women, good for the Church, for the State, and for the Nation? Is not this, I say, about the most Godlike piece

of work that a man can do in this world? The thinking mind,

who goes into this question deep enough, will see that here is the work, not only of a man, of a great man, but of a God in embryo. The whole Church can take pride in the vindication

of the great principle which he has so successfully wrought out.

No ordinary man could accomplish that. Happy the wife who

can call him husband. Happy and blessed indeed the children

who call him father. Never was man more moral and chaste

and virtuous to the last fiber of his being than he. Against all

forms or thoughts of licentiousness, he was set, and as immovable as a mountain. "Blessed are the pure in heart,"and as he was

shall see God.of the very purest—he

It is written that a truly great man is known by the number of beings he loves and blesses, and by the number of beings who love and bless him. Judged by that standard alone, where is

his equal to be found in all this world!

I can say of Joseph F. Smith as Carryle said of Luther, that

he was truly a great man, "great in intellect, in courage, in affection, and in integrity. Great, not as a hewn obelisk, but as an

Alpine mountain."No heart ever beat truer to every principle of

manhood and righteousness and justice and mercy than his; that

great heart, encased in his magnificent frame, made him the biggest, the bravest, the tenderest, the purest and best of all men who walked the earth in his time "His life was gentle, and the elements

So mix'd in him, that Nature might stand up

And say to all the world, 'This was a Man!'"

The S. A. T. C, Brigham Young University, at Maeser Memorial Building.

In Honor of President Joseph F. Smith

A Tribute From the S. A. T. C, Brigham Young University

The Student Army Training Corps, of the Brigham Young

University, held a memorial service in honor of President Joseph

F. Smith, president of the board of trustees, at 12 noon, November 22, 1918, directly in front of the Maeser Memorial, Provo,

Utah.

All the companies of the S. A. T. C. stood at attention and

presented arms with the officers saluting. Taps was played by

the buglers, and the flag was lowered to half mast.

At the conclusion of this ceremony, President George H.

Brimhall delivered the address, of which the following is a synopsis "Officers and students of the S. A. T. C.: We honor today,

at this hour, the life and memory of the patriot, patriarch and prophet, Joseph Fielding Smith, president of the board of trustees of the Brigham Young University.

"As I look back, I see a boy of nine years of age handling the heavy yoke of the oxen, and driving them forth into the his only earthly guardian,great and barren desert—his mother,

his Father in heaven having watchful care over him. Then he

grew to manhood and helped to build this mighty commonwealth the pioneer.—today we honor

"Students of the S. A. T. C, Joseph F. Smith, your president,

was a great character. His character foreshadowed the Millennium, when the lion and the lamb shall lie down together in

peace. He was lamblike in his tenderness. The truly strong

200 IMPROVEMENT ERA

men of the world are the truly tender even of the world, and all men who have ever known President Joseph F. Smith have marveled at his tenderness. He was like a lion in his defense of'

right and justice. No man ever fought more valiantly than he

for right. Joseph F. Smith always had the courage of his convictions.

"Today we are committing his remains to mother earth, but his great character is our heritage that goes on and on, that can never die. "He died in peace, at a time of peace, made possible by the work of such men as you, willing to give your lives for the liberty of the world.

"He was at all times a patriot, standing for the life and honor of this glorious Government, builded in a land of promise, concerning which God has decreed that it should be a land of liberty, over which no king should bear rule."

Brief Statement

Voiced on the night of President Joseph F. Smith's death, No*

vember 19, 1918

By Elder James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

To say that both the Church and the State have lost a pillar of strength in the demise of President Joseph F. Smith is but to

express a fraction of the saddening truth. To me he was a man

in every human sense; and a man of God beside. It is my privilege to have been closely associated with him for many years

before and ever since his accession to the presidency of the

Church, and I have loved him beyond my affection for any other man outside of my own kin.

I have directed the attention of our people both young and old to his attainments, and particularly to his character as a practically flawless example. He has demonstrated in a most convincing way that a real education is obtainable without the facilities associated with training in college. His schooling was

meager, but he was a man rich in the fruits of reading, and full of wisdom. His mastery of English was beyond that of many

who boast of postgraduate degrees in literature. Good language

was to him like sweet music, provided the speaker had something worth saying; but mere words could never blind his vision to

facts.

He was a man of strong convictions, but always tolerant of another's honest opinion or belief. In giving counsel and encouragement he was effective through his mildness, for he was

IN HONOR OF PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH zOl

not only a gentleman but a gentle man; yet in denouncing sin

he was a very lion in force and determination.

President Smith was a great man, not simply a big one. The

gospel he professed and preached was the essence of his life and being.

I cannot conceive of him now, in the realm of spirits, as otherwise than busy in service. I know he still lives, and works,

and teaches both by word and example; and the dominant hope

of my heart tonight, while grief over his departure is still fresh and poignant, is that I may meet him again and be permitted to labor under his presidency in the world beyond the grave.

A Man of God

By Nephi Jensen

Just six days past his eightieth birthday, President Joseph

F. Smith went on to the spirit world to engage in the great

work of human redemption, a glorious vision of which was given him shortly before his death. His passing marked the

end of the most unique career of our time.

It was a cold, cruel, hateful world upon which he first opened his eyes, at Far West, Missouri, November 13, 1838.

There was poverty and privation in his home, and fiendish mobs howled on the outside. How different was the scene when he

peacefully passed to rest, eighty years later! Then civil officials

and men of all creeds stood with bowed heads and mellowed hearts beside his grave, while the bell in the Catholic cathedral tolled a solemn requiem.

No man of our day possessed in fuller measure the three cardinal characteristics of true greatness: genuine sincerity, unaffected humility, and deathless devotion to a great cause. In

nothing was he ever halfhearted. He was totally void of pretense. He knew no policy except justice, mercy and right. In

his every word and act, he put the cause for which he worked and sacrificed, for nearly threequarters of a century, above every personal consideration.

Although a man of strong, stately body, active, virile brain, and great spirit, he humbly acknowledged his dependence upon

God, with a grace as genuine and beautiful as that of a child.

He walked all the long way through life in the dignity of benign meekness.

But his crowning virtue was a truly heroic heart that impelled him to dare all, risk all, and give all for eternal truth.

202 IMPROVEMENT ERA

From the time he went to Hawaii, on his first mission, at the tender age of fifteen, to October, 1918, when, with trembling frame, and heart aflame with strong convictions, he testified of the great things of God, there never was a time in his long, eventful life when he did not give the full strength of his big heart, and the vigor of his great mind, to the cause of human salvation.

He graduated from the only real University, the school of great service and varied experience. He was never spoiled by

vain traditions, which are harder to unlearn than truth is to learn. His was a great, deep, virile, natural spirit, which was

sent in eager quest of the biggest things of life, by a religion as true as truth. No glittering show of superficial scholasticism

diverted his mind or heart from the one biggest thought of life, the salvation and glorification of human souls. Although he

deeply appreciated the fine things of music, drama and art, he was yet wise enough to feel that no culture that the school master can give can take the place of the power and spirit in the word of God.

He was not a mere human machine that turned out one single mental product. His was an allsided life. He exemplified most perfectly Carlyle's idea of greatness, that no man is

supremely great unless he "can be all sorts of men."

In mind and heart he resembled very much Abraham Lincoln. Like the great Emancipator, there was in him an almost

equal blending of rugged, practical sense, and the fine spiritual sensitiveness of the poet. Like Lincoln, too, he had that perfect

sense of humor which recognizes that

"Life is real, life is earnest,"and that mirth is also "real,"and a legitimate part of an "earnest"life. But his wit was chaste, and in his humor there was

a blending of smile and tear.

His was the rarest of rare souls. There was in it the commingling of the bravest soldier's valor and the tenderness of

gentle women. In the presence of the arrogant foes of truth, he

was every inch the lion. And at the sight of the smiles of innocent babes he was touched to tears.

As an orator he was natural, direct, impressive and convincing. His diction was simple, lofty and refined. He was sincere

to the core, and never indulged in rhetorical tricks. Whether

at the altar, in the pulpit, or in legislative halls, he spoke from the heart and never was guilty of lip service. His pure, earnest

eloquence, flowing spontaneously from a heart aglow with a genuine enthusiasm for God's righteousness, often moved critical men and fastidious women of other creeds to tears, when the fine words of the schooled phrasemaker fell upon cold hearts.

IN HONOR OF PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH 203

As a preacher he was original, simple, fearless and profound. He never indulged in finespun theological technicalities.

Nor was he a reciter of verbal trappings, empty of meaning.

His words were more than mere coinings of a brilliant brain.

What a life he lived! From his thrilling escape from Indians, when only eight years old, to his glorious vision of the

spirit world at the age of eighty, almost every hour of his life was spent in serving man and glorifying God. Very few lives

have been as rich in deep and varied experiences. He knew the

thrill of dire danger, the pang of privation, the gnaw of hunger, the deep joy of divine service, and the bliss and glory of being in favor with God.

Such a life is not the product of colleges alone. The school

room alone cannot produce such a man. Indeed it is questionable whether technical scholasticism could have added anything of importance to such a career. What did he lack that

schools could give? He knew man and God. His heart was as

deep as truth, and lifted as high as heaven. He was not a

stranger to sod nor star. He knew every phase of practical life,

and his tender spiritual nature was keenly sensitive to the finest things of art, and the truest things of religion. His life touched

the depths and heights of human experience. He was a pioneer,

preacher, orator, lawmaker, prophet, and leader of men. He

was the most kindhearted husband, the most loving father, one of the truest friends of mankind, and the anointed of God.

His life was a complete, perfect exemplification of the truest success. He suceeded most wonderfully in the biggest

business of life, the business of ennobling human souls.

The Heaven we Get will be the Heaven we Earn

By Joseph S. Peery, Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A., Liberty Stake.

Many people seem to be satisfied with baptism, thinking thereby they will get to heaven. It is true that baptism is the door to the Kingdom of

God, but there are various degrees in that kingdom. Paul compares the

degrees to the sun, moon and stars.

Heaven will be strictly a merit system. We get what we earn. That

is all we are entitled to. Should we send up no good works, by what right

can we expect a good place? If we make the Celestial degree, it will depend upon our works. It will not be attained through indifference. Things

worth while are won by effort.

The Lord is a good paymaster. It is a great privilege to be in his

service, and those who decline this opportunity will certainly have intense regrets. They may lay up for themselves treasures on earth, but these

treasures all perish with death. President Young said, "I am for life everlasting."He attained his aim.

Will I get a mansion or a dugout? That depends on what I earn.

The Beehive House

Funeral of President Joseph F. Smith

As before stated in the Era, owing to health conditions no public services were held for President Joseph F. Smith, except burial exercises at the

cemetery, but it is designed that as soon as opportunity offers and health conditions will permit, that memorial services will be held throughout the

Church.

Many people called at the residence on the morning of November 22, the day of the burial, and were permitted to take a last look at the great leader, so insistent was the demand for this privilege. Thousands of

cards and letters of condolence had been received, also a very large number of beautiful floral tributes.

The funeral train was arranged under direction of Elders George Albert

Smith, Stephen L. Richards and Richard R. Lyman. It consisted of upwards

of one hundred and fifty closed automobiles, more than a mile in length, preceded by a platoon of mounted police. Then followed in order, the city

commission, state officials, general authorities of the Church, the Hearse, next to which were the family, followed by the members of the general boards of the six auxiliary organizations in their order—Relief Society, Sunday School, Y. M. M. I. A., Y. L. M. I. A., Primary and Religion ClassTemple workers, employees of the President's office, officials and directors

of business organizations with which President Smith had been associated, followed by large numbers of friends of the President and his family.

Thousands of people thronged the streets to witness the procession.

Traffic was suspended east of Main, on South Temple street, and the great majority of business houses were closed for the noon hour, during the exercises at the cemetery, out of respect to the President and his family, by order of the state and city officials. Notwithstanding the cold weather,

many stood with bared heads as the hearse passed by. South Temple from

Main to Second East, was crowded with people and automobiles.

As the throngs gathered, the great bell in the Catholic cathedral on

South Temple street tolled a solemn requiem, by order of Bishop Joseph

S. Class.

BURIAL OF PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH 205

Members of the quorum of Twelve Apostles officiated at the Beehive house; and in conveying the casket to the hearse, the active pallbearers were

Elders Orson F. Whitney, David O. McKay, Anthony W. lvins, James E. Talmage, Stephen L. Richards and Richard R. Lyman, of the Council of Twelve

apostles. Accompanying them as honorary pallbearers were Presidents

Anthon H. Lund, Charles W. Penrose and Heber J. Grant, Elders Rudger

Clawson, George Albert Smith and Presiding Patriarch Hyrum G. Smith.

The body was encased in an allmetal casket, covered with flowers from near and far, sent by loving friends during the morning and for two days before.

At the cemetery, where brief exercises were held, a temporary pulpit was erected, draped in white, with the American flag and the Hawaiian leis. The

remains were buried directly east of the monument recently erected to the father of the beloved President, Patriarch Hyrum Smith.

Large numbers of people were present, among them Governor Simon

Bamberger, Mayor W. Mont Ferry, Secretary of State Harden Bennion, the

city commission, and large numbers of Church authorities, workers and friends.

President Anthon H. Lund was in charge of the services. The temporary pulpit draped in while, fronted by a large American flag was occupied by Presidents Anthon H. Lund, Charles W. Penrose and Heber J.

Grant, Elders Rudger Clawson, George Albert Smith, and reporter Frank W.

Olterstrom. Seats for the family were arranged on both sides, and Church

and State, County and City, officials stoodLnear during the ceremonies.

Messages of sympathy and condolence were received from Elders Reed

Smoot, Washington, D. C, and George F.: Richards, Liverpool, England.

The exercises were short. A chorus of forty members of the Tabernacle

Choir, under direction of Prof. A. C. Lund, sang, "I Know That My Redeemer Lives."Prayer was offered by Elder George Albert Smith. The

Eighteenth ward male quartette—Elders H. G. Whitney, George D. Pyper,

Hugh W. Dougall and John D. Spencer—sang, "What Voice Salutes the

Sartled Ear?"Under the direction of Elder B. Cecil Gates, native Hawaiians sang, "Aloha Oe,"with instrumental accompaniment.

Bishop Charles W. Nibley delivered a short address, embodying some

of the thoughts contained in his later eulogy, written at the solicitation of the Era and which is found in this number.

President Heber J. Grant spoke briefly, reading the poem by Eliza R.

Snow entitled, "Thou Dost Not Weep to Weep Alone,"also a poem by

Edgar A. Guest, entitled, "A Real Man."President Grant stated that he

had labored under President Smith's presidency for thirtysix years, and that during all these years he had never known anything in President

Smith's life, either in word or act, that was not worthy of a real man. He

said he could say in all sincerity, "He was the kind of man I would like to be.""Standing here by his grave, I desire, more than language can tell,

the power and the ability, to be as kind, as considerate, as forgiving, as brave and noble and true, as he was, and to walk in very deed in his footsteps. I could ask nothing mere."

President Lund thanked all present in behalf of the family, and for the

Church thanked the State, City and County officials, and the general public for the consideration shown to the memory of President Smith.

The Tabernacle Choir sang, "O My Father,"Prof. A. C. Lund singing

the solo part.

President Charles W. Penrose dedicated the grave. A.

Underwood & Underwood, New York

THE PALACE OF VERSAILLES The palace of Versailles is the seat of the Interallied Conference, where the representatives of the Entente powers meet, and where the

German, Turkish and other armistice terms were settled. It is the

headquarters of the Supreme War Council; here will be signed the

decisions of peace—the doom of autocracy—following the greatest war

the world has ever known.

At the first formal meeting of the Entente powers, October 30, the representatives left the palace visibly content with what they had accomplished. The next day Turkey signed the armistice terms.

The Palace is one of the most magnificent structures in the world, and it is said that Louis XIV spent over $100,000,000 on it, and the park adjoining. Within its portals are the apartments of its builder, with

the same furnishings used by him: the room in which Louis XV died;

the chambers of Marie Antoinette and the museum of art and history for which it is noted.

The famous meeting of the StatesGenerals, with which the French revolution really began, was held here, and seven years earlier was the scene of the signing of the preliminary agreement at the close of the war between England and the American colonies.

PERSIS M. McKEE

Spanish Fork, Utah; born 29th June, 1820, Andover, Maine

A remarkable woman who seems to link the distant past with the present—the days of the rise of the Church with today. The Book of Mormon

she is holding was given her by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Mrs. McKee,

with Sarah Handy, folded the entire second edition of the Book of Mormon; and the Prophet gave each of them one of the books they had folded.

Mrs. McKee has eight living children, one son and seven daughters, who

have had 92 children. This photo was taken June, 1918, a few days before

Mrs. MeKee's ninetyeighth anniversary, by George Ed. Anderson, Springville, Utah.

By N. L. Nelson

I The low southern sun has entered holy week. The air is

crisp. At sunrise, a frost line gilds the wheel tracks, and the

dust is too lazy to fly. Yesterday was still Indian summer, but

today a subtle change has come; the copper sky of the morning

has merged into a sullen grey, accompanied with a raw bitterness of cold that brings in the farmer, again and again, to warm his benumbed fingers at the kitchen range.

It is growing late as we approach a thrifty but rather elongated village on the eastern plain of Great Salt Lake. The

sun, instead of setting, fades into a gradually deepening mist.

From a score of chimneys brave wreaths curl upward. Presently

as many lights will begin to twinkle; and a full moon, haloed by

an ominous circle of halfknit clouds, will cross the Wasatch.

South of the village, near the first step of the mountain, and well set back from the road, is an oldfashioned farmhouse, standing tall and white in a grove of naked poplars, and lighted behind only a single pair of windows. The twilight still serves

to tell what has been, and what is. The yards are scrupulously

clean. Behind a chopping block stand, neatly on end, two or

three cords of railroad ties, ready for their final service to man. On the north, neatly ordered but somewhat ancientlooking, are the outbuildings; a roomy barn, once bursting with

the eloquence of rich harvests, now containing provisions for two lonely inmates, a black horse, and a jersey cow a pig pen, evidently long in disuse; a whitewashed chickencoop, still alive

within, and querulous as we approach; a spacious farmshed

with only a singleseated buggy left for furniture.

Let us see if the melancholy story of a big past, dwindling to a little present, is confirmed as we enter the house. We pause

at the threshold, which is ever the most eloquent monument of a "Mormon"home. This one has been worn deep, but manifestly by feet that have gone life's ways; for the neat brown paint

now on it shows scarcely a scratch. As we step within, the same

scrupulous cleanliness and order meet us on every hand—the

same effacement, by kalsomine and varnish, of little finger marks and jackknife carvings. No toddlers'playthings now

litter the floor, nor children's shoes and stockings.

THE GATEWAY 209

Yet here are still the furnishings which did noble duty ai generation ago. But today everything is spick and span; the

chairs are painted, doilied, and fixed each in its place; and there

they stand on their good behavior from Christmas to Christmas.

The kitchen stove smiles a shiny smile at the sideboard, which smiles back from multiple rows of glistening tin and sparkling china. Homemade carpets deaden the footfall, and

mats, some of them dating almost to piomats—such wonderful

scattered about, as if eloquent of past ratherneer days—are

than present comfort.

We pass hastily through the spacious parlor or living room, for we are to meet here again; noting only that instead of the

red glow on walls and ceiling which characterized pioneer days there is now only the cold, ghostly light of the moon, dimly reflected, even from the whitewashed throat of the great chimney.

long will not venture Up sfairs—but we upstairs—yet. A

clumber has overtaken the halfdozen chambers with their neat but oldfashioned furnishings. And so also of the cellar, once

so full of earth's good things: a single set of shelves, boarded

off in a corner, suffice for the needs of the present occupants.

Indeed, the lifeblood flows but feebly in the extremities of the fine old home; but the house still has a warm heart, which

let us now enter with all reverence.

Can anyone doubt what that heart of the home is? Mother's room is the name it has gone by ever since the mystery of

motherhood began here nearly fifty years ago. Tonight it is

aglow with a rosy sheen from the mica windows of a parlor heater. This is Grandma Wakefield's way of answering the

sullen challenge of the skies.

II The color scheme of the glowing stove is enhanced by the reflection of a large, redfringed lampshade, throwing its irised circle on the snowwhite cloth of the little round table, and setting off with artistic effect the tall glass pitcher of milk, the two quaint blue bowls, each with its silver spoon, the brown loaf with its two white slices and a knife tentatively inserted for a third, lastly a pyramid of polished Jonathans and by the side of it a folded copy of the Deseret News.

Two chairs only, of the pretty modern set, seem to be in use. They are both rockers. On one, invitingly near the stove,

is a pair of embroidered slippers, getting warm. In the other

heroine of this story. chair sits—the

Grandma has been knitting. One pair of men's socks, done

in gray with heel and toe of red, lie finished on the little work 210 IMPROVEMENT ERA

table by her side; and another pair, exactly similar, are nearly

done in her hands.

For the moment the nimble fingers cease, and an intense longing comes into the sweet, sad face. Lifting the unfinished

work, she presses it to her pale cheek. It is her eyes which now

arrest attention; deep, dark eyes that are looking a thousand

miles away. Waves of tenderness surge over the fine, spiritual

face, and a tear falls unrestrained.

"God bless my noble, bighearted boy,"she prays, "and bring him home to me."

And the "peace which passeth understanding"comes swiftly to reassure her, as on a hundred previous occasions. "In the

Lord's own time,"she murmurs, as the divine comfort sinks into her mother's heart. Then she resumes her knitting, but

her fingers are no longer consciously guided, for her mind is with the past.

She remembers herself a girl of eighteen in England, and how easy it was for her to know the voice of the true Shepherd.

No sooner had she heard the Gospel message, than her heart thrilled with a testimony; and she could not wait the advent of

spring, but needs must have the ice broken on the river to be baptized.

Those are halcyon days in girlhood memory; for out of

her glowing spiritual reliance grew presently the romance of her life. Among the elders was a fairhaired young man, of fie

form but troubled face—her own Tom through the long yearasince—who, although he had accepted a mission, did not then

know that Joseph Smith was a prophet. Only the elders who

have passed through the same crisis, can appreciate how Tom

Wakefield felt. Amid glowing testimonies of his fellow missionaries, his heart had remained cold, his message hollow even

to himself, until his mission had become almost unbearable.

the hour of hisThen it was—in Gethsemane—that she had come

like a savior into his life.

The tears of sympathy start afresh tonight, as she remembers with what broken sobs the strong man confided in her;

then how they knelt together, and she taught him how to pray.

Like the breaking of a human heart—like the passionate cry,

"My Lord and my God,"of that other to him Thomas—came

the dawning of the divine life, the beginning of his testimony.

And he had needed her steady, effulgent faith during all the years since that time; for thereby a thousand doubts had yielded

and passed into spiritual victories. The one cloud that hung

over his life now was—Tom. "Mother!"he would often exclaim, "if I could only have put my arms around the lad that

night, instead of sending him away!"And on these occasions

THE GATEWAY 211

it was only her rich, intuitive faith and trust that had power to reassure him.

From thinking of Tom, Grandma Wakefield's mind moved by easy transition to Nat, Tom's twin brother—Nat, the spirDrawings by Anna Lewis, Mesa, Arizona.

"Nat and Tom. her babies. * * * What reveries indeed, for the

ruddy glow of a winter evening!"

itualminded, the incarnation of her own triumphant faith;

Nat, the fairhaired replica of her husband, the pride of his father's heart, who had never given his parents one moment of anxiety in his life.

babies! With what ineffable tenderNat and Tom—her

ness her memory dwells on the lengthening chain of their inter212 IMPROVEMENT ERA

woven lives; the dark head pillowed by the side of the fair, as

she used to kiss the drowsy eyes good night; the thousand incidents of their boyhood. What reveries for the ruddy glow of a

winter evening!

Small wonder that the elder children—she was grandmother

fiftynine times at the family's last reunion for their golden almost crowded out. It was not that she lovedwedding—were

them less; it was only that they were the sheep safely within

the fold, while her boy, her Tom, was tonight out among the wolves. Ill Painfully she traced the steps leading to Tom's waywardness. He had learned to smoke cigarettes while out with a surveying party during the summer of his sixteenth year. There,

also, his inherited tendency to doubt and question had been awakened into fierce life. Naturally his skepticism led him into

negative company, and soon he had learned to drink. For indulging these habits he had been dismissed from a prominent

church school the following winter.

It had been a trying time for the boy. Once he had even

turned on his own parents and laid bare, with astonishing vehemence, all the doubts and objections which his negative attitude had encouraged to lurk in the shadows of his mind and heart.

The father was overwhelmed.

"My boy,"said he, more in grief than in anger, "you are it is not in my heart to censure you, for Iwrong—wrong; but

had to pass through all that, and know the agony of it. Go to

your mother; that's where I went to find peace."

The event proved, however, that the younger man was not seeking peace; like Saul of old, who became Paul, he was constantly primed for a fight. But Tom's mother was not seriously

alarmed. Others of her sons had been on "fool's hill;"indeed,

she reflected, it is rather the rule than the exception for boys at a certain age to be callous to parental appeal.

Both instinct and experience taught her, moreover, that a mother's love is never really wasted, though it may sometimes lie fallow for years. Thus it came about that by a hundred

little unobtrusive attentions, Tom was made to feel the tenderness of a mother's heart.

And this quiet sympathy was beginning to tell. More and

more he turned to her as one who could understand him! The

most hopeful sign came one night when he confided to her that

Dorothy Avery was the only girl in the world for him.

Then, alas, there occurred, a few weeks later, in quick succession, the two fateful events that undid all her good work.

THE GATEWAY 213

Bishop Avery had never taken kindly to the boy since his disgrace; perhaps because he had shown no sign of regret or

repentance. He had even gone so far as to warn his daughter

against Tom's evident infatuation.

One Friday evening, at a social in the Bishop's parlor, the discussion having turned to religious topics, as it was wont to do whenever Tom chose to air his strident opinions—the boy quite

forgot himself, nettled, perhaps, by the opposition of a rival suitor of Dorothy's. Among other aspersions which he professed to credit against "Mormonism"he declared his belief

that "Brigham Young had been responsible for the Mountain

Meadow massacre."

The whole company was shocked into silence. "0 Tom,

Tom,"exclaimed Dorothy in a voice full of grief, "how could you!"And a minute later the young people, to emphasize their

disapproval, arose in a body and bade their hostess goodnight.

Tom stood for a moment at the door, apparently unable or unwilling to frame an apology, when Bishop Avery walked in from the library.

"I could not help overhearing,"said the bishop, after Tom was seated, "and I should like you first to understand that it has been out of respect for your father and mother that I have refrained hitherto from saying what I desire to say now.

"It is not unusual to meet young men saturated with opinions such as you expressed tonight; but as a rule they are young

men also saturated with tobacco and whisky, and moving in the dissolute society implied by such personal habits. I am sorry

you have chosen such associates, and indulge such habits, even if only occasionally; but since you have, I can only remind you

that you 'can't have your cake and eat it too.'You can no

longer continue to be a link connecting my house and my daughter with saloon bums and cheap slanders against my religion and my people. I hope I make you understand."

Without a word the boy reached for his hat and started for the door; stopping only an instant to glance at the set, white

face and quivering lips of Dorothy Avery. Before he reached

the gate, he heard the girl's broken sobs; but she did not call

him back.

Tom failed to go home that night. His heart was full of a

dull, voiceless pain, and he needed consolation, if mortal ever did; but not being repentant, he instinctively avoided his

mother, and, like all his negative kind, sought surcease in dissipation.

His father learned next day that he was in an Ogden saloon, and was about to order his arrest, the boy being under age, but hesitated for reasons urged by his wife. On Sunday

214 IMPROVEMENT ERA

afternoon an autoload of uproarious joyriders stopped at the old farmhouse; and the young man that alighted, walked unsteadily up the path toward the house. Nat and his mother were

at meeting, but the father having seen him approaching, met him before he reached the door.

In justification of what followed, we must remember that the report of Bishop Avery and that of the police officer were both fresh and rankling in the father's mind. Nevertheless, the

older man was more sorely punished than the younger; for this

parting scene left an ineffaceable grief on the father's heart.

"0 mother, mother, if you had only been here!"he cried

when, on coming home two hours later, his wife found him prostrated with sorrow. "I missed the opportunity God gave me of

putting my arms around the lad. But I was angry; and when I

told him the latch string was no longer on the outside for him until he made a man of himself, his face turned white, and a kind of fearful, hunted look came into his eyes, eyes—your

mother, only for that look, which I had never seen before.

"'Is mother in?'he asked feebly, and that was all he said.

When I told him no, he turned and walked toward the gate; but

oh, sweetheart, it was not like the walk of our manly Tom! I

shall never forget how weak and hopeless it seemed!"

For a moment the knitting ceases, and the woman's heart turns in pity and solicitude for the grayhaired man who through fifty years of pioneer trials has never failed in duty or tenderness toward the girl he found and first loved in England.

The fact that the boy could not be found that night, although they searched far and wide, preyed so continuously upon her husband's feelings as seriously to impair his strong constitution. When, therefore, the following spring, their only remaining son left for a mission to Australia, the farm was leased,

and life in the old home gradually narrowed itself to the limits we found at the opening of this story.

Then came Tom's letter, undated and without address, but postmarked San Francisco. Here are some excerpts from it:

"Tell Dorothy I was too stunned that night to say a word, but I have done a lot of thinking since. It was she that first

opened my eyes. * * *

"I want you to thank Bishop Avery for the jolt he gave me.

I had never before thought how much the manner of a man's thinking depends on the manner of his living. I don't know

yet that 'Mormonism'is true, but tell him that the 'Mormon'people themselves look mighty fine to me at this distance. * *

"You're the sweetest little mother on earth; but next to you,

I'd like to get down on my knees and ask father to forgive me * * * Tell him I'm going to make a man of myself; also

THE GATEWAY 215

that I'm no weakling, whatever else he may think me; for when

once I set my teeth, I found I could quit smoking and drinking and not half try. * * *

"I can't say I'm happy—life has become too big and serious

a thing for that. I am like a man lost in the woods, and earnestly seeking a way out."

The letter closed with this rather mysterious passage:

I tell "I had a friend rooming with me here—but how can

the story? I simply can't, till it's done. I shall be in more

deeply before I am out, with a black cloud settling down over me. "But you will pray for me, won't you, mother? You are

the one being I tie to in all the world; somehow I always feel

I makeyou near me, when I need you most. Goodbye—till

myself worthy to lift the latch. Lovingly, Tom."

At first this letter gave hope and encouragement; but as one

years went by without further token from the boy,—two—three

the "black cloud"settled down also over the whole Wakefield is the notable exception. Tom's mother—suchfamily—with one

a peace that radipower of those who find rest in Christ—felt

ated hope to all who came within the circle of her spiritual charm; and that meant especially two persons, her husband and

Dorothy Avery.

"The boy is in the hands of the Lord,"she would assure them. "If he is being chastened, it is because the Lord loves

him."And so ended again this moving retrospect, with a patient waiting of the due time of the Lord, and a fervent faith in the outcome. IV Grandma Wakefield's reverie was broken by familiar footfalls approaching from the gate. A moment later the still splendid form of her husband stood in the doorway, his breath painted white, his eyes aglow with sudden admiration.

"Sweetheart!"he exclaimed in surprised delight, "you are

more beautiful tonight than when you were a girl."

And, indeed, by certain deft touches reminiscent of bygone days, grandma had calculated on just such an impression.

Moreover, added to the effect of the warm, rich glow of the room about her, there was tonight a certain spiritual exaltation in her face that seemed like a transfiguration.

"Good news, little he teased, as he premother—guess,"

pared to put on his slippers.

"Tell me quick,"said she, fondly smoothing out the knitting she had just completed.

"Yes, it has to do with that pair of socks. The good ship

216 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Melbourne touched at Honolulu yesterday. They may warm

the feet and also the heart of our dear missionary on Christmas day.""Good news, indeed, then. But what of these?"asked

Grandma, holding up the companion pair, "and of these and these?"lifting two similar pairs from her pretty workbox

previous Christmas gifts not yet delivered.

A shadow fell on grandpa's fine face as he looked long into the glowing coals.

"You dear, doubting Thomas,"said his wife, putting her arms around his neck, "let me give you some good news. Tom,

our Tom, will be here for Christmas."

"O mother, mother, I do want to believe it; but how do you

know?""I have had a now, since you came into the wireless—justroom. I don't know how I know it, but I do know it,"and her

tears of joy were already falling.

"We must have the family here to meet him; I'll telegraph

them all to come,"said her husband eagerly.

"There will be no need of that, dear. I believe I dare venture this prophecy also. Did you see, as you came in, that pile

a cord of it?"of wood cut to fit the old fireplace—half

"Yes, and that reminds me I met Ralph and Will on their way home from this direction, their cheeks as red as the axes they swung over their shoulders.

"'Hello, Grandpa,'the young rogues laughed. 'We're deacons today. We've been out choppin'fur the widders and orphans, ha, ha, ha!'

"You're right, little mother; there's something brewing beold ones,sides a snowstorm. But we won't know nuthin'—we

can't pilewill we? We'll let 'em surprise us to their fill—they

happiness of that kind on us too high, can they, dearest?"

And, indeed, locked in each other's arms, they chuckled about the prospect, like any pair of boy and girl sweethearts planning their first May day picnic.

"Oh, I almost forgot,"exclaimed grandpa, a half hour later as they were finishing their evening meal. "Dorothy met me at

the store and said, 'I'm coming down tonight to read you and grandma the finest story since that about David and Jonathan.'

That's the bishop's buggy now."

"How cosy you are!"exclaimed Dorothy, entering a minute

later, followed by her father. "You two always seem like lovers

—don't they, papa? But tonight mother's room itself seems

glorified."

(Continued on page 252) Navajo Hogan, or House. The homes of the Navajos consist of houses

made by setting poles in the ground, the sides and roof being covered with bark, grass and earth; or, where it can be afforded, the roof is covered with

canvas, as shown in the illustration.

Traveling Over|Forgotten Trails

. Ivins By Hon. Anthony W

I—Navajo Depredations in Southern Utah

The Navajo (Nava-ho) Indians occupy a large area of country in the northeastern part of Arizona, and are to be found, in small numbers, in southeastern Utah and northwestern New

Mexico.

They are more numerous than any other Indian tribe in the southwestern United States, and a people of fine physique, great natural intelligence, and unusual industry. They are a pastoral

people, and practice agriculture to a limited extent. As long ago

as 1855, it was estimated that they had five thousand acres of land under cultivation, principally corn, but producing small quantities of fruit, squash, melons and other vegetables.

Their homes consist of conicalshaped houses, made by standing poles on end, which are covered with grass, bark and earth, and are called hogans. Their dress is comfortable, and in

some instances expensive. The men wear a shirt which fits

rather closely to the body, sometimes made of cotton or woolen cloth, often of smoked buckskin, and where it can be afforded, of velvet, a very popular cloth among them; trousers of cloth,

buckskin or velvet, and moccasins of smoked buckskin, in the 218 IMPROVEMENT ERA

manufacture of which they are very expert; a belt, frequently of

silver ornaments, made by their own silversmiths, and a hat or band around the head to hold back the hair. When on horseback

they wear knee leggings, and a blanket to protect them from cold and rain.

The women wear a garment similar to that of the men to cover the body, a short skirt, which is held in place by a girdle of their own weaving, buckskin leggings wourijl round the lower limbs, and moccasins. The

hair, of which there is usually a profusion, is gathered and tied in a knot behind.

They are the owners of many thousands of sheep, large bands of horses, and herds of cattle.

Women, among the Navajos, are treated with greater respect than among any other

Indians with whom the writer is familiar. The

women among them are the equal of the men, and this equality of the sexes is fully respected. The greater part of the outdoor work is

done by the men, while the women attend to their domestic duties and household affairs.

The women also appear to have the greater part of the responsibility in looking after the

Navajo Warrior. sheep and horses, the girls acting as shepHis dress is of velherdesses, and a Navajo would not think of

vet, the ornaments disposing of his flocks and herds without first on his belt, and around his neck consulting his wife, a custom which might be are of silver, and profitably adopted by more civilized people.

made by himself. The excellence of the blankets, and other

excellentNote how fabrics woven by the Navajos is recognized ly the moccasins are made wherever these goods are found. They raise

the sheep; they shear them, card, spin and

weave the wool in the most primitive manner, six months sometimes being consumed in the manufacture of a single blanket.

Their silversmiths are very expert workers, and many interesting designs are worked out in bracelets, beads, belt ornaments and other articles, with which they adorn their persons.

The Navajos never touch the body of a person who has died, when it can be avoided, do not eat pork nor allow swine in their country, and do not scalp or mutilate the bodies of enemies who have been slain in battle. A man has absolute control of his children while they remain under his roof, but when

grown to man and womanhood, and gone to homes of their own, parental authority ceases. They practice plural marriage, arnf

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 219

their form of government is patriarchal. These customs indicate their Israelitish origin.

While not preeminently a warlike people, the Navajos are brave, and fight with great courage and intelligence when attacked, or fighting in defense of what they consider their rights.

When the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo was signed, in 1848, the Navajo country, together with the remainder of this western territory, became the property of the United States. Up to that

time little trouble had occurred between the Navajos and Americans, but for centuries they had been at war with the Mexicans, their hereditary enemies. Under the treaty referred to, the people of New Mexico, who were almost exclusivly Mexicans, became citizens of the United States, and it became the duty of our

government to give them protection. The Navajos could not

readily understand the changed condition which made the Mexicans, the wards of the United States government, while the Mexicans, taking advantage of the greater protection which our government gave them, were active in acts of reprisal against their old enemies, the result being, as might be expected, that soon after the acquisition of the Arizona territory, war broke out between the Americans and Indians, a war which continued, with

Navajo Woman Baking Bread. She wears the ordinary costume of

women of the tribe.

only short intervals of peace, until the time that the colonization of southern Utah and northern Arizona was undertaken by the "Mormon"people, in the early sixties.

The Navajos, hard pressed by government forces on their 220 IMPROVEMENT ERA

eastern frontier, saw in the exposed and poorly protected settlements of southern Utah an opportunity to recoup their losses, and a series of raids was planned and executed, which cost the

,.:f / 'JMHf %

Navajo Women Carding, Spinning and Weaving. The Navajos raise

their own sheep, shear them, card, spin and weave the wool into blankets, sometimes spending more than six months'time on a single blanket. The

blankets sell for from a few dollars to $150 each, according to quality.

settlers the lives of a number of their citizens, and the loss of a great amount of property. That the Indians paid dearly, in

some instances, will be shown in articles which are to follow.

My Prayer

Not some, nor little good, dear Lord,

Help me to do this day.

But to the utmost test of strength

Assist my feeble way.

Not one nor two good words, kind Friend,

Persuade my tongue to speak, But flood my soul with glorious thought,

For I am very weak.

Not one good deed, but many, Lord,

Permit this day to see.

Crowd every hour with noble toil

And each one draw to Thee.

Susa Young Gates What Doth it Profit a Man?

Worldly Gain Eternal Loss

By James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

"For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?"(Mark 8:36, 37).

These are questions put by the Teacher of teachers. They

are related; we may consider them as one. Simple, like unto

philall the Master's teachings—for high precept and profound

isosophy are embodied in the interrogatory—the question

searching, peremptory, challenging. Who that hears or reads

can brush it aside? Compelling in its incisive brevity, it is of

haunting directness. Once considered, even cursorily, it will not

down; once admitted to the inner consciousness, it will not out.

The baubles of earth are set over against the priceless jewels of heaven; the fleeting things of mortality are put in contrast with

the enduring verities of eternity.

Granted that this is a material world, and that experience in material affairs is a pervading and indispensable element in the curriculum of life's school, it is no less truly a fact that earthlife is neither the beginning nor the end of individual existence and progression.

Material belongings, relative wealth or poverty, physical enthings on which we are prone to set our heartsvironment—the

and anchor our aspirations, the things for which we sweat and strive, ofttimes at the sacrifice of happiness and to the forfeiture after all are but externals, the worth ofof real success—these

which in the reckoning to come shall be counted in terms of the u-e we have made of them.

Is the plow more than the field to be furrowed, or the sickle than the ripened grain? Can gold stay the hunger pangs better

than the nourishing food that the money may buy?

The context with which occurs the crucial interrogation quoted above points the question sharply: "Whosoever will

come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me. For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; but

whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospeVs, the same shall save it."

The cross to be taken up may be heavy, perhaps to be

We are apt to dragged because too burdensome to be borne.

assume that selfdenial is the sole material of our cross; but this

i* true onlv as we regard selfdenial in its broadest sense, comprising both positive and negative aspects. One man's cross may

consist mostly in refraining from doings to which he is inclined.

222 IMPROVEMENT ERA

another's in doing what he would fain escape. One's besetting

sin is evil indulgence; his neighbor's a lazy inattention to the

activities required by the Gospel of Jesus Christ, coupled perchance with puritanical rigor in other observances.

But the great question, striking home to every thoughtful soul, is that of the Master "For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul?"(Matt.

16:26).

It is possible then for a man to lose his own soul. To deny

is to reject the Lord's own doctrine. The safeguard against

such incalculable loss is specifically indicated to follow the

Savior; and this can mean only keeping His commandments,

whatever the temporary suffering or worldly sacrifice may be.

The occasion of Christ's question with its accompanying brief but forceful discourse was this: He had reiterated to the

disciples, with greater directness than ever before, the facts of

His approaching death and the ignominy that would be forced upon Him. Peter, impetuous and impulsive as ever, exclaimed

"Be it far from thee Lord: this shall not be unto thee"In that

remark, though wellintended and bold, lay the suggestion that

Jesus should avert the impending tragedy to Himself, and save

His own life. The Lord's reply to Peter was a rebuke of the

severest kind.

Then followed the avowal that one who saves his life at the cost of righteous duty shall lose it, and the comforting assurance that he who is ready to sacrifice his life in the Master's service shall find it. If this be true with life as the stake, how more so

shall it be with wealth, station, worldly power, or pet but false theory and doctrine, as the thing to be gained or lost?

Consider the words of Jacob the Nephite:

"O the vainness, and the frailties, and the foolishness of men! When they are learned they think they are wise, and they

hearken not unto the counsel of God for they set it aside, supposing they know of themselves—wherefore, their wisdom is foolishness and it profiteth them not Behold, the way

for man is narrow but it lieth in a straight course before him;

and the keeper of the gate is the Holy One of Israel; and He employeth no servant there; and there is none other way, save it be

by the gate, for He cannot be deceived; for the Lord God is His

name. And whoso knocketh, to him will He open; and the wise,

and the learned, and they that are rich, who are puffed up because of their learning, and their wisdom, and their riches; yea,

they are they, whom He despiseth; and save they shall cast these

things away, and consider themselves fools before God, and come down in the depths of humility, he will not open unto them."

(Book of Mormon, 2 Nephi 9).

At the Top of the Canyon

By Claude T. Barnes

Part II When Stuart reached an eminence some distance up the canyon he checked the reins and looking down through the trees saw his late acquaintance walking very slowly towards the forks. He quickly unbuckled the glasses and with their

great aid could see that she was holding her head down as if meditating. At last she stopped and looked for a long time in

his direction evidently not discerning him, and then slowly turned and walked on. Once there appeared, where the trail

rounded an aspen grove two or three hundred yards below her, three men and two women; and Stuart fairly pushed his

eyes into the glasses as he sought to ascertain which could be "Jack."For a quarter of an hour he waited without again

seeing anyone; and then at last three couples strolled around

the aspens on their way down. The sight pierced him as an arrow; and he realized all at once that something tremendously

important and serious had come into his life.

He rode upward toward the cabin. A chipmunk, darting

across the trail, chattered gleefully from a nearby balsam fir;

and swinging branches caused a great horned owl to skim silently away before him; but nothing diverted his eyes from his

horse's dark mane.

"Ches, old boy, I'll have to confess it,"he said, as he patted the animal's shoulder affectionately, "I've sure lost something.

Please won't you tell me what to do?"

The sorrel, whom he had named "Chestnut,"merely turned one ear back and held it there until his master ceased speaking.

"Think it over, will you, eh? Well, all right; but I tell

you my life has entered a new road today,"said Stuart, as he continued to pet his favorite. He rode on in silence for a time,

and then suddenly, as if the idea had just come to him, he said: "Say, Ches, she may be married."

More twisting of chestnut ears was all the answer he got, so he relapsed into silence again. As he neared the little meadow

that stretched below his mountain home, however, he scanned the hills closely for a fuchsia. A pair of goldenmantled marmots in some brush close by whistled loudly at his intrusion, and

224 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a muskrat plunged with as much noise as a horse into the calm surface of a watercressed spring. Nowhere, however, could he

see a fuchsia; and finally he led the sorrel up the hillside,

through the pines to the cabin.

As the sun sank that evening it transformed the soft opal and blue of the western horizon into grenadine red and bitter sweet orange, and filled the cumulus clouds that guarded the drowsy sky with hues of unfathomable purple and lead gray.

Stuart sat at his cabin door, watching the growing shadows of moonlight and the winking first lights of the city, thinking of the beautiful girl who had so deeply impressed him that now he was sorely troubled. He surmised that she must have had a

college education and that her parents were wellto-do; again

he pictured her as a young school teacher interested in flowers;

and then that she might be married. At any rate she had shown

no special interest in him. As the thought occurred to him, he

uttered half seriously, "hinc illce lachrimce"and went indoors.

For an hour or more he worked assiduously at his monograph of the genus Peromyscus, carefully elaborating his rough field sketch of a recently discovered nest of one of these interesting mice; but all efforts to forget "her"were unavailing. Then

he thought that he, who had always found his chief solace in books and nature, should be strong enough to resist sentimentalalways weighed things in the unfeeling cruciity—he, who had

ble of science. Then mockery suddenly came from the slopes:

"At twilight time when the lights are lit,

Father Coyote conies to sit At the chaparral's edge, on the mountain side

Comes to listen and deride."

He felt that even beloved nature was laughing at him;

and as the garrulous jargon of the animal echoed into a thousand voices, he paused to hear:

"His reckless caroling, shrill and clear—

His terse and swift and valorous troll,

Ribald, rollicking, scornful, droll,

As one might sing in coyotedom:

'Ye ho ho and a bottle of rum'!"

Then at last, as he lay still, he heard in the solemn sough of the majestic pines the sweet whispering and echoes of "her"voice.

At sunrise the search for a fuchsia began. Lonesome though

the life of the forest ranger undoubtedly is, to one unaccustomed to it, its very isolation affords excellent opportunity for observation and study to him who is so inclined; and here perhaps was

the secret of Stuart's being there. Despite the fact that the

work was hard and the rides long, there always seemed to be

THE TOP OF THE CANYON 225

time to peep into a junco's nest or examine with the glass a striking piece of mineralized rock. This day it was the fuchsia.

He reached the ridge after an arduous climb, flushing a covey of dusky grouse from a mighty solitary pine near the top; and then followed a beartrail through groves of service

berries until he came to the head of Bear Canyon. He rode

down its tortuous trails for a mile or more seeing thousands of beautiful flowers. Sweetscented sulphur flowers adorned

the slopes, while the alpine hollows were resplendent with a glorious array of color. White columbines, blue larkspurs, red

Indian paint brushes, yellow cutleaved balsam roots, American columbos of turquoise hues, scarlet gilias, delicate clarkias, wild geraniums and bright yellow goose tansies painted the scene.

Once he came upon a rare species of golden rod, which had only recently been named for an acquaintance; and was pleased

thus to be able to extend its range; but was sorely disappointed

at finding no fuchsia. As he passed under a shaded ledge,

cooled with lingering snow, he noticed that peculiar plant called "Greenland lousewort"growing in its seepage. Its red elephant's trunk protruded from a mass of flowers; and he marvaled at its choice of habitat.

In one heavily shaded place beneath the pines he discovered a corpse plant, a colorless, waxy, cold, clammy, leafless parasite devoid of green, bearing oblongshaped bell flowers of the sickening whiteness of the dead. It filled him with a peculiar melancholy, even to look at it.

On his way back he was delighted to catch a glimpse of two muledeer fawns following their mother; their once conspicuous

spots were now quite dim. He reached the cabin long after

sundown, tired and unhappy.

For three days he searched in vain, but on the fourth he was rewarded by finding several fine specimens of the precious fuchsias far over in Wilson canyon, many miles away. Carefully he dug up several brilliant plants and took them unbroken

to the cabin.

Far into the night Stuart worked with the flowers. He took

pieces of corrugated pasteboard, which he had long used for such a purpose, and pressed several of the beautiful plants between the boards into a neat bundle. The remaining fuchsias he

hung up on the wall.

The next morning as Stuart trudged through the forest, a piece of cerulean blue of heaven flushed from beside him and, chattering saucily, flitted over a gulch and was absorbed in the foliage of a distant fir. It was the longcrested jay, the handsomest bird of the mountains. After a short pursuit he procured it and admired its rich blue and turquoise plumage as he

returned. He peeled off a strip of birch bark on his way.

226 IMPROVEMENT ERA

For hours he worked, mounting the stately bird into the pose that its proud crest and elegant shape demanded, finally pegging its feet securely to a small pine limb. He then put it

aside to dry and spent the afternoon riding through the forest.

The next day it rained; and far into the night the great

crags and peaks of the mountain were exposed by streaks of weird lightning, while deep thunder echoed and reverberated through the wild, dark chasms of the canyon. The pines of

the forest squeaked and groaned as they rubbed each other in the wind and once a crash rent the air as a tall monarch fell prosptrate to the ground. It was an awful night to spend alone;

but it did not trouble Stuart; and the morning was as crisp and

clear as dew.

Though Stuart had frequently searched the canyon below with the field glasses, he had seen no sign of the return of his friend; but now he felt somehow that the time had Come.

After saddling "Ches"he took the bundle containing the pressed fuchsias, the birch bark and the mounted jay, and rode down the canyon to the spruce tree where he had said "goodbye."Well under the thick overhanging limbs of the evergreen,

he placed the bundle of fuchsias and on top of it he stood the beautiful mounted blue jay. On the dry birch bark he carefully

wrote the following:

Precious flower of beauteous mold,

Your cluster of hairy leaves unfold

Along your slender stem, blossoms fair

Of scarlet, spectrum and carmine rare,

Adorning the sunny rocks with flame,

Touching all the mountains with your fame.

You're a fuchsia of bright, red blood

Drooping as if dripped from broken heart;

How happy you must be to be led

To her whose love for you will not part.

He securely tied the bark about the bird's neck and giving a long look at the ensemble turned his horse again up the hill.

Thereafter each day he scanned the canyon with the glasses;

but seldom saw anyone and not the least sign of her. One day

he took a ride down to the spruce trees to make sure; but was

disappointed in finding the blue jay still mutely on guard and quite undisturbed.

Each evening the purple and crimson of the western sky foimed earlier, and not only the nights but also the days were delightfully cool. Yellow and Audubon warblers sang no more

in the pines; and as on deciduous trees the first tints of autumn

began to appear their leaves were gradually becoming crisp preparatory to the final flutter back to the soil.

THE TOP OF THE CANYON 227

Fires had kept Stuart very busy, but one day towards the last of September he again rode down to the spruce in spite of the fact that he had seen no one. To his great delight the

fuchsias and bird were gone while suspended from a lower limb of the spruce was a little note tied with tough, dried grass.

He hurredly untied the paper and read the following written in a neat feminine hand:

Thank you for fuchsias, dear blue jay;

And your turquoise feathers are fine.

Promise you'll not forget what I say:

A grouse for Christmas by the pine.

Alice.

So her name was "Alice!"Stuart's face lit with joy as he

read. Surely she could not be married or she would not have

signed so. Then as he reread the note he could not be sure that it was not written merely for fun. He read it again—"Christmas;"could that be an invitation? The more he studied it

the more he concluded that it might mean nothing or it might mean all. Yet he had her answer and her name in her handwriting; and he began to feel very happy, indeed. Perhaps she

really intended to brave her way up the hills on Christmas;

she had said she was a better climber than the rest.

There was nothing to indicate when the note had been written; but he concluded that "Alice"had as before left her

friends at the forks below and come to the spruce tree alone for had she not taken the time to answer with a verse? Stuart

wondered what "Jack"had thought of the fuchsias and the jay and whether he had agreeably carried the bundle home, and what explanation had Alice given. These and a hundred

other queries entered his mind as he rode up the trail again.

He left no answer, for it was quite evident that he would see no more of Alice until Christmas, if, indeed, then.

Thereafter Stuart was happy as he rode the hills. The

whitetailed deer that were fattening on acorns were'to him sweet companions; and he told his secret to a pet squirrel as if

the little crumbeater understood. At night in his cabin he

sat for hours seeing pictures of Alice glow in the burning logs.

He gathered wild candytuft and specimens of the strawberry, buttercup and many other plants, which he pressed for her. He

watched the lower hillsides lighten into crimsons, carmines and browns; and saw great wedges of geese shimmer in the sunshine

as they flew over the valley. Then one morning in November

he awoke to find the pines laden with snow, which had come as a dream in the night time. Soon thereafter the whitetailed

deer ceased their battles and assembled in happy families, a group of eight individuals taking up a stand in the quaking

228 IMPROVEMENT ERA

aspens just below him in the canyon. Stuart loved their society

and never disturbed them though he did think of venison for

Christmas dinner.

The summer birds had long since gone and now chickadees, crossbills, pine grosbeaks, pine siskins, juncos, magpies and jags kept him company. Once by good luck he came upon that

rare winter bird, the snowy owl, the first he had ever seen in the woods. He took it after a long tramp through the woods

and then mounted it as a Christmas present for Alice. In spite

of the dull foreboding that he would never see Alice again he could not resist the inclination to make every preparation for her coming on Christmas. How she should ever get there he

seldom stopped to consider, but confidently believed that if she cared she would come.

Day after day throughout December, the city in the valley was covered with a thick mantle of dark smoke; and Stuart

wondered how Alice could live in such an atmosphere. Perhaps

she had long since gone East to school or even home. How

could he know; and the thought gave him pain.

One morning as Stuart stepped out of the cabin door, he came suddenly upon a bear's footprints, which from their enormous size and the fact that the claws made little round holes in the snow several inches in front of the foot, he at once knew to have been made by a grizzly. A serious look went over his

face, for he knew that the black bears had long since gone to sleep and that only a grizzly would wander about in the dead of winter. A grizzly anywhere anytime must not be taken

lightly, which, also, from previous experience, Stuart knew.

Going to the cabin he took up his new Winchester, which used a cartridge of the army size with, however, a terrible softpointed nose; and struck out on the hugh animal's spoor. It

is astonishing how far a big grizzly can travel in a day. Several

times Stuart came upon places where it had literally ploughed up ground a rod square with its mightly claws, all for a tiny mouse or sleeping rodent; but not once did he see the shaggy

its brute itself. A grizzly, however, like other animals, has

favorite neighborhood, and Stuart determined always to have his rifle close at hand during the remainder of the winter.

Finally the snow grew deeper and Christmas was but a day or so off. Stuart procured without much difficulty a fine, young

whitetailed buck and carefully dressed it; and then the day before Christmas he shot half a dozen dusky grouse as they moped

in the pines. He arranged the meagre furniture of the cabin

as neatly as he could, but felt the need of something to indicate the approach of Christmas. He cut a handsome blue spruce

about three feet high and nailed it into the corner of the cabin and then beneath the snow of a lower slope he found some trailTHE TOP OF THE CANYON 229

ing barberry. The leaves were delightfully fresh and of wonderful variegation. Most of them were dark green above and biscay

green below; but others were of almost every shade and tint.

One cluster was of a beautiful pansy purple; another rosered

washed with capucine orange; while many more varied from

a spinach green to claret brown. With this striking array of

color Stuart made several pleasing Christmas wreaths, one of which he nailed on the cabin door and the others he hung inside. He marveled that people should import holly when this

pretty barberry is always to be found in the Wasatch.

Finally the arrangements were all complete and he rested in peace in the vain hope that a Santa Claus would appear on the morrow. Deep in his heart he felt certain that he would be

disappointed, yet he took a delight in acting as if everything would turn out exactly as he had pictured it.

Christmas morning in the canyon was clear and cold. Stuart

was up early and long before any one might have been expected he was scanning the white trail below with his glasses. No sign

of life appeared and he even mistook a porcupine in one of the aspens for a magpie's old nest until the lethargic animal moved, and knawed at fresh bark.

While he was waiting and walking about the cabin yard, he noticed that the grizzly had some time during the night visited the place where he had put the refuse from the deer;

and so fresh were the tracks that he concluded his coming forth had actually been the cause of its leaving. That it lurked about

nearby, he did not doubt; but as he could not pursue grizzly

this day he merely took the precaution of carrying his rifle.

He slipped a few reloaded cartridges into the magazine as much for the purpose of signalling for Alice and her party as for any other, and waited.

The sun rose high in the clear, blue canopy above him and towards noon was so warm that beads of water began to drip from the long icicles of the cabin roof. Stuart waited and waited,

determined not to eat dinner unless Alice should come. It was

a lovely day and he really believed that she might actually venture the trip. He longed for her more than he had thought

it possible to long for anyone.

Towards two o'clock in the afternoon Stuart fancied that he caught a glimpse of someone at the forks; and to be certain

he walked down the trail about three hundred yards to a point where it passed through the willows close by the tall pines. He

was about to put the field glasses to his eyes when a peculiar noise up the slope under the pines diverted his attention. He

turned quickly and to his amazement saw the huge grizzly not over twenty yards away standing eight feet high and looking menacingly towards him. It was swinging its head from side to

230 IMPROVEMENT ERA

side and opening and shutting its lips with a peculiar choppy noise, as if uncertain what to do for it had evidently been surprised by his quiet approach in the snow.

Stuart slowly raised his gun and with truly admirable coolness took careful aim at the mighty brute's heart and fired.

It was not sooner done than he realized his perilous position as any bear charges more readily and effectively downhill. One

shot will not ordinarily stop a grizzly for so great is its tenacity that one has been known to swim a mile after having been shot actually through the heart.

The ugly animal instantly bit at its breast where Stuart's bullet had entered and then furiously charged. As quickly as

possible Stuart operated the lever of his gun and aiming this time above,the bear's gleaming teeth, pressed the trigger. A

mere snap! The reloaded cartridge was defective! An ashy horror swept over Stuart's face as the savage monster came right

on only five yards away. With the rapidity of lightning he

again worked the lever, and before the gun was to his shoulder fired point blank into the grizzly's neck. But too late; for at

that instant it grabbed the gun with its awful jaws and with a sweep of its gruesome claws struck him to the ground as a man

Mould a doll, tearing awful gashes on his left shoulder and down his left arm.

The great animal rushed on and stood above him madly sinking its ghastly teeth into the stock of the gun. Stuart cowed

beneath breathlessly watching the bloody foam spray from its ominous mouth; and all the incidents of his life seemed crowded

into a second as he expected every instant to be thrust into eternity. A heavy front foot almost crushed him with its

weight and he could not move. Suddenly the bear began to

utter a sort of whining bawl and to bite and tear furiously with its jaws at the willows that overhung them and kept flipping in its face. This was a ray of hope for when a bear acts that way

it is surely dying. It bit willows as thick as his wrist

clear in two seemingly having forgotten him in the desperate agony of its death; and such frantic, awful power he thought

no jaws could possess. Suddenly the terrible blow, the oppressive weight and the agony of suspense became more than he

could endure and with a gasp for breath his mind sank into oblivion.

Stuart had not been mistaken in his glimpse down the canyon for Alice, Jack and four other companions were actually above the forks wending their way up the trail. Alice was the

inspiration of the journey and by one inducement or another had prevailed upon her friends to try this wintry adventure. Jack

alone had demurred for he sensed in the neatly pressed fuchsias a meaning deeper than Alice disclosed. He was quite disagreable

THE TOP OF THE CANYON 231

as they prodded up the snow, constantly suggesting difficulties and urging his friends to return. Alice's warm enthusiasm, however, won the day and there they were.

As they passed the balsam tree they could plainly see the thick blue smoke winding up through the pines from the ranger's cabin; and nothing would satisfy Alice but to press onward towards it.

Suddenly the canyon walls echoed with the loud report of Stuart's gun, then again; and then silence. At last the awful dying bawl of the grizzly came down to them through the clear

mountain air. They needed no further urging for though they

could not understand the sounds they knew the result would be interesting if not tragic.

Alice led them all at an arduous pace which she did not slacken when the portentous bawl of the bear subsided. Finally

they reached the upper flat and the pines. As they passed the

bend Alice shrieked for there before her in the trail was a man flat on his back with a huge grizzly lying across one of his legs.

The party stopped in horror; but gradually got courage as the

bear did not move, and slowly approached. Finally when they got

a glimpse of the animal's head they observed that its mouth was full of bloody willows but that it was apparently dead. Alice

uttered a new exclamation of concern as she recognized Stuart;

and without further precaution rushed to him and lifted his head into her lap. The bear was dead! A dozen or more willows

were torn up by the roots and it was awful to behold the terrible power of its jaws, even in death filled with foamsmeared branches! The snow was scarlet with blood.

With considerable effort Albert Fuller and Joe Eynon pulled

Stuart's leg from under the lubbering body but Jack seemed paralyzed with Alice's actions, for she was rubbing Stuart's forehead with snow and repeating over and over: "Oh, he's not

dead"and in every way expressing the sweetest solicitude as if oblivious to the presence of her companions. Finally Stuart

opened his eyes and a look of supreme happiness went over hi3 face as he saw Alice.

Stuart's left arm was terribly lacerated and his left leg seriously sprained if not broken. At Alice's command the boys

carried him up to the cabin and placed him on the bed. He

was bleeding profusely. Despite Stuart's injury they all quickly

noted the little Christmas tree, the barberry wreaths, the many books, the fuchsias on the wall, the venison and the grouse and the beautiful mounted snowy owl. One by one they read the

little card: "Merry Christmas to A. from S."on the owl; and

when Stuart was for the moment comfortable, Alice herself stepped over and read it, blushing deeply but not saying a word.

It was quite evident that Stuart's injuries needed medical 232 IMPROVEMENT ERA

attention at once for infection frequently results from a bear's claws. Joe and Albert quickly cut two thin pines and tied a

heavy quilt on them forming a stretcher. Alice and Mary Rosevear tenderly wrapped Stuart's arm and then the cavalcade

slowly proceeded down the canyon.

About a mile below the forks they came to Alice's automobile, which the party had been able to drive that far on their way up. Stuart, who was in great pain, nevertheless suggested

that the grizzly's pelt would make a beautiful rug and that the grouse and venison ought to be brought down. Alice, therefore,

asked Albert and Joe to go back up the canyon to skin the bear, saying that she would send Jack back with the car for them.

Stuart thanked Alice and her friends for their kindness to h'?m assuring them that he would be ever thankful if they would

merely take him to the hospital. Alice said nothing, however,

except to tell Jack to drive home. He and Alta Barker sat in

the front seat while Mary and Alice made Stuart as comfortable a possible behind.

In less than an hour they drove into the yard of Alice's fine, big home; and her father, a clean cut, grayhaired business man,

and her kindly mother assisted in removing Stuart into the house. He was carried to a spacious bedroom on the second

floor, his quick eyes taking in the luxurious nature of his surroundings. Within a quarter of an hour the doctor came, and

with him a private nurse. The physician dressed Stuart's

wounds and explained that while his leg was not broken it was badly sprained; but he believed that within a week's time Stuart

would be able to get up again.

An hour afterward, when the doctor, Mary and Alta had gone, and the nurse had left Stuart comfortable, he was apparently sleeping. Alice stole quietly into the room and for a moment stood admiring the handsome head on the pillow. Her

heart fluttered as she felt Stuart's very presence draw her to him as a magnet. Suddenly she noticed his coat, which still lay over

a chair where the doctor had placed it; and the inside pocket

disclosed a letter. She could not resist the inclination to draw

the envelope forth and find out the name of the man who seemed already to possess her happiness.

It was evidently merely a business letter but the envelope disclosed a world of information. It was addressed to:

"Dr. Stuart K. Jefford"and the upper left hand corner contained the words: "Biological Survey, Washington, D. C."

Alice was not surprised; in fact she had somewhat expected it.

Washington—outQuickly she Westsurmised:on special"Doctorresearch—andof Science—officialoh! probablyat

married!"

THE TOP OF THE CANYON 233 The injured man groaned slightly with pain. Alice quickly

replaced the envelope and walked to his side. Stuart opened his

eyes; and smiled happily as he saw her sitting there alone.

"Can I do anything, Mr. Jefford?"she said quietly.

"You know me, then. No thank you; only my heart is full

of gratitude for what you have done. I am very sorry to have

caused you all this trouble."

"It isn't any trouble, and then it was so sweet of you to get me a fuchsia,'* she replied.

"And I thought you would never come for it;"he sighed as

he lifted his hand to his forehead and let it drop on the covers again. It fell against hers; and she made no effort to remove it.

Their faces both flushed slightly and as they looked into each other's eyes a world of meaning was at once conveyed. Stuart

slowly pressed his fingers about her hand, and finding her unresisting, without saying a word gradually pulled her lovely head towards him.

"Tell me, tell me honestly, won't you please,"he whispered.

"Is this Jack's Christmas or mine?"

"It's yours, Stuart,"she responded as she yielded her lips to his in a long kiss that told its own story.

The End.

The Loss, the Cross, the Pain, the Tear

'Tis not in vain we suffer so;

Life's stream is purified;

The torrents smoothly glide below,

That loathe the mountainside.

And strength is born 'mid throes of pain

Eyes clearly see that weep;

The heart bowed down will rise again;

We sow before we reap.

So God's decrees, one endless round,

We'll find are wisest, best;

No stitches dropped, no threads unwound,

The woof withstands the test.

Lydia D. Alder.

Died in Service

"Loose me from fear, and make me see aright How each has back what once he stayed to weep—

Homer his sight, David his little lad."

John D. Borden, Hazelton, Idaho, was reported killed in action.

Henry J. Lefever was reported killed while fighting on the Western

front. He was a resident of Spry, Utah.

Henry F. Hall, son of Mrs. A. A. Strom, of Midvale, Utah, was killed

in France, July 24, 1918. He was a member of E Battery, 18th Field Artillery.

. Hogan, of Salt Lake City, member of the 469th EngiSergeant John W

neers, died in France of influenza, according to word received by his widow in Salt Lake City, November 15.

Dan Potovich, a Serbian, of Bingham, Utah, died in France of influenza.

He left for army service overseas July, 1918, had been a resident of Bingham, Utah, for a number of years, and was a highly respected citizen.

Russell Muir died of influenza recently in a hospital in France, according to a message received by his sister, in Salt Lake City. He was 23 years

of age, trained at Boulder, Colo., and went to France in September.

Farrel F. Leishman, son of Mr. and Mrs. John A. Leishman, Wellsville

Utah, died in France of influenzapneumonia, October 13, 1918. He was 23

years old, entered service, April 30, 1918, and was a member of the 361st Infantry.

Harry Speight, son of Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Speight, of Salt Lake City,

died of pneumonia, in France, October 7, 1918. He was 28 years of age,

and left for service May 14, 1918. He is survived by his wife, parents, and

several brothers and sisters.

David Day, son of Mrs. Janie Day, of Layton, Utah, died of influenza

at Camp Mills, New York, November 3, 1918. He was a member of M Company, 8th Infantry, and served three months. He was 22 years old and received his training at Camp Fremont, Cal.

Henry R. Cramer, born at Sapnish Fork 29 years ago, was killed in

action on the Western front, September 29. He was a member of the 347th

Machine Gun Brigade, left Salt Lake City for Camp Lewis, September, 1917, and went over seas to France, July, 1918.

Milton J. Hansen, son of Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Hansen, of Providence, Utah,

died at Camp Kearny, November 14, of pneumonia. He was 22 years of

age, a member of the 46th Field Artillery Band, and unmarried. The body

was brought home for burial.

Captain George A. Greenly died in France of wounds received on the

battle front some time in August. He enlisted in the Marines about a year

. ago; October 25, left for Mare Island training camp, and early in 1918 left

for the battle front in France.

Golden Hatfield, 20 years of age, son of Mr. and Mrs. Amos Hatfield,

Springfield, Utah, died at Logan, Utah, November 19, 1918, of influenzapneumonia. He was a member of the S. A. T. C, at the college, where he

had entered three weeks before his death.

James M. Dodds, Panguitch, Utah, was killed in action on the Western

front, October 15, 1918. He left Panguitch for Camp Lewis, October 4, 1917;

sailed for France, March 4, 1918; was a member of D Company, 126th Infantry, went into the trenches in May; was 28 years old and unmarried.

Arthur Janney, son of W. H. Janney, formerly of Salt Lake City, now

of Hanover, New Mexico, enlisted July, 1918, and was a member of the

DIED IN SERVICE 235

Machine Gun corps, 363rd Infantry. Information was received in Salt Lake

City that he died October 1, 1918, from wounds received in action.

George Parkinson, son of W. C. Parkinson, President of the Hyrum

stake of Zion, Utah, died at a hospital at the Agricultural College, Logan,

Utah, October 31, from influenzapneumonia. He was a member of the

S. A. T. C. at the college. A military funeral was held at the Hyrum cemetery.

Kenneth Evans, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Evans, Salt Lake City, was

killed in action on the Western front, September 26, 1918. He was 23 years

old, a graduate of the Salt Lake High School; received his training at

Camp Lewis; left for France June 24. He has a brother, H. J. Evans, in

the navy.

Otto A. Anderson, son of Mrs. E. A. Anderson, Salt Lake City, was

killed in action October 16, 1918. He was born at Mink Creek, Idaho, November 29, 1892, left for Camp Lewis, June 24, 1918; his brother, Lorenzo

Snow Anderson, is in the service, having enlisted during the Mexican border trouble.

Henry Smith, son of Mrs. Maggie Smith, widow, of Paris, Idaho, died

at Camp Elmo, Washington, of influenza. He was 24 years of age. His body

was taken home and buried at Fish Haven, Bear Lake, Idaho. The body

arrived Thursday, November 7; brief openair services were held in the cemetery on the same day.

James H. Murphy, Park City, Utah, 24 years of age, was killed in action,

in France, according to notice receiv d by his sister November 14. He was

in the 91st Division, in action with the British at Valenciennes. He is survived by Ambrose Murphy, his brother in France, and William Murphy, in

training in an American cantonment.

Charles Barrett, son of Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Barrett, Provo Bench, died

November 13, at Camp Kearny, from pneumonia, following influenza. He

was 22 years of age, and left about two months prior to his death for training at Camp Kearny. He is survived by his parents, six brothers and four

sisters. The body was brought home for burial.

Ralph Hall, son of Mrs. H. C. Hall, Ogden, Utah, died of influenza, in

England, October 5 He enlisted early in the war, was sent to Camp Lewis, later transferred to England, with the 10th Battalion of Signal Corps. He

was born in Ogden, Utah, July 30, 1894. He is survived by his wife, two

children, his parents and several brothers and sisters.

Roy DeWitt, son of Mr. and Mrs. H. J. DeWitt, Logan, Utah, was killed

in action in France, October 8, 1918. He was born and reared in Logan,

attending the Utah Agricultural College; left for Camp Lewis, June 25, and

soon afterward sailed for France. He was married to Miss Isabel Olsen, of

Hyrum, ten days before his departure from Utah.

Clifford Barton, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Barton, of Ogden, died in

France, of influenza, according to word received in Ogden, November 19.

He was 23 years of age, went to Boulder, Colorado, May 15, 1918, and was later transferred to Camp Dodge, Iowa, from which place he went to France, in August, being in the signal corps of the 337th Field Artillery.

John S. Ferguson, son of Mrs. Annie Ferguson, died at a hospital in

5, Liverpool, England, October 10. He was 24 years old; enlisted March

1918; left for Camp Fremont, Calif., March 14, assigned to the 319th Engiis survived by his neers, and sailed for France early in September. He

mother, three brothers and two sisters, and a daughter six years old.

Corporal Mearl Wheelwright, Ogden, Utah, was killed in action on the

French front, October 6, between Verdun and St. Mihiel salients. He left

Ogden May, 1918, and went to Boulder, Colorado, then to Camp Dodge,

Iowa, was made corporal, and assigned to the 313th engineers, and sent overseas. He is survived by his parents, four brothers and four sisters

Private Francis Vere Naylor, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Naylor, Salt

236 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Lake City, 25 years of age, died of influenza, at Los Angeles. He entered

the army at Camp Kearny, April 23, 1918. He has two brothers in the service, Clifford W., at Fort Logan, Colorado, and Douglas S., American Expeditionary Force, in France. He is survived by his parents and five brothers.

William L. Leitz became a member of the United States Marine corps

February 2, 1918, was reported killed in action, in -France, September 15, 1918. He was a son of Mr. and Mrs. Paul Leitz, of Salt Lake City, 23

years of age, and was working at the carpenter trade in Castle Gate when he enlisted. He was a member of the 6th Machine Gun Battalion 81st company.

Marion L. Jones, only son of Edward H. and Bell Leishman Jones, died

at Fort Douglas, Utah, November 14, 1918. He was born at Wellsville, Utah,

May 6, 1896; enlisted in the mechanical division of the University of Utah,

entering service, June 15, 1918. He is survived by his parents and three

sisters. Funeral services were held in Wellsville, Utah, Sunday, November

17, 1918.

Vernie L. Scott, son of Emeretta Scott, widow, of Springville, Utah,

died in France, October 13, 1918, of pneumonia. He was 25 years old, born

August 17, 1893, at Pleasant View, Utah. He was drafted in Rexburg, Idaho,

went to Camp Lewis, June 24, 1918, then to Camp Kearny, and from New

York to France in August. He is survived by his mother, two brothers

and three sisters.

Arthur Tennyson Bates, 20 years of age, died of influenza at a Mare

Island hospital, November 14, 1918, being the first Grantsville boy to die in the service of the United States. He enlisted in the Marine corps, October,

1918; left for Mare Island, October 30. He was born in Grantsville, July 28,

1898. He is survived by his mother and one sister, both of whom reside at

Liberty, Idaho.

Thomas Hunt, son of Mr. and Mrs. Amond Hunt, Monroe, Utah, died

from influenza, October 12, 1918, in England, and was buried at Winchester.

He was born in Monroe, Utah, May 3, 1899, enlisted April 28, 1918, left home May 6, training at Fort Douglas, left May 18 for Camp J. E. Johnston, Fla., and on September 30, for England. He was a member of the supply company 335.

Private Gilbert L. Smith, son of Mr. and Mrs. George A. Smith, of

Randolph, Utah, was killed in action, in France, July 26, 1918. He enlisted

in the third Wyoming Infantry, July, 1917, trained at Camp Russell, Cheyenne, Wyoming, was transferred to Camp Mills, North Carolina, whence he embarked for over seas. He is survived by his parents, one brother

and one sister.

Captain Samuel P. Brooks, 403rd Engineers, died at the post isolation

hospital, Fort Douglas, November 17, 1918, of influenzapneumonia. He

came to Salt Lake City from San Francisco, having resided here only two weeks. He was the first officer to die at the Fort, since influenza became

an epidemic in Salt Lake. He was a student officer of the engineer officers

school at the post.

Private Frederick J. Duncan, Centerville, Utah, son of Mr. and Mrs.

Charles Duncan, died of influenzapneumonia, at a base hospital, in France,

October 18, 1918. He was 22 years old, volunteered in July, 1917, in the

Utah National Guard. He left Salt Lake City, October 15, that year, for

Camp Kearny, sailing for France, June, 1918, being one of the 389 men first selected for overseas duty.

Earl S. Harper, only son of Wm. F. Harper, Smithfield, Utah, died in

France, October 4, of wounds received in action. He was born in Smithfield, December 12, 1891. In September, 1917, he went to Camp Lewis, and

was assigned to the 362nd Infantry, 91st Division, later transferred to the

Headquarters Company, and trained in the signal work. He arrived in

France about July 20, 1918.

Earl F. Crow, son of Mr. and Mrs. John E. Crow, Salt Lake City, 24

years of age, died at the front in France, September 29, 1918. He received

DIED IN SERVICE 237

his military training at Camp Lewis, and went overseas as a member of the 362nd Infantry. He was unmarried, and is survived by his parents, two

brothers and two sisters. He was a cousin of Raymond Crow, the first Utah

Marine killed in action.

Ross J. Bracken, son of the late Mr. and Mrs. fm. Bracken, St. John,

Tooele county, Utah, was reported killed on the battle front in France between Verdun and Rheims, September 17. He was born at Ophir, Utah,

twentyfive years ago, left for Camp Lewis, October 3, 1917, and was a member of the 362nd Infantry, 91st division. He has six brothers and four

sisters, but his parents are dead.

Junius M. Anderson, born Monroe, Utah, May 14, 1893, made the supreme sacrifice in France, October 6, 1918. News of his death arrived at

Monroe, Utah, on the day of the armistice, November 11, 1918. He left

for Camp Lewis, June 27, was transferred to Camp Kearny, and left for overseas August 6. He was unmarried, and both his parents are dead. He has

two brothers and four sisters.

Sergeant N. Ray Gowers, son of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Gowers, Nephi,

Utah, was wounded in France, October 4, and died the following day. He

was a member of the 362nd Infantry; enlisted at Salt Lake City, received

training at Camp Lewis, sailed for France, June 20, 1918. He was a graduate of the Utah Agricultural College, was born February 26, 1892, and

called into service September 3, 1917.

Alfred F. Olsen, son of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Olsen, Brigham City, Utah,

died at Camp Kearny, California, of pneumonia, November 13, 1918. He

was born at Brigham City, May 13, 1898, enlisted in the army, August, 1918, went direct to Fort Logan, Colo., and a few weeks later was transferred to

Camp Kearny. He was a graduate of the Box Elder High School. His parents, four brothers and five sisters survive him.

Wm. Martin, son of Mr. and Mrs. James Martin, of American Fork,

Utah, 21 years of age, died of influenza at Camp Kearny, California, November 13, 1918. He came from England fifteen years ago with his parents, was

well known in Church and musical activities, and was a graduate of the local high school. Besides his parents, he leaves five brothers and four

sisters; the body was brought home for interment.

Harold Burrows, son of Doctor and Mrs. Arthur Burrows, Salt Lake

City, died in a hospital at Pontlevay, France, of pneumonia, according to word received in Salt Lake City, November 19. He was 25 years old, a

graduate of Leland Stanford University, received his training at Camp

Lewis, and was one of the first Utah men ordered to France. He is survived by one sister, Mrs. Margarite Charon, Salt Lake City.

John H. Osborne, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Osborne, of Salt Lake City,

died of pneumonia at Chelsea, Massachusetts, according to word received by his parents November 13, 1918. He was 19 years of age, enlisted in the

United States Marines at Salt Lake City, August 11, 1916, was trained in the Mare Island navy yard, assigned to duty on the U. S. S. Denver, and

before his illness had duties in the United States merchant marine.

Frank Walter MedelL Huntsville, Utah, died of pneumonia, at Camp

Kearny, November 16, 1918. He went in training September 3, 1918; was

born in Salt Lake City, October 26, 1896, and was the son of Mr. and Mrs.

John Medell. He lived the main part of his life in Huntsville. The body

was returned to that settlement, where funeral services were held, November 20. Besides his parents, he is survived by one sister and two brothers.

George Leonard Moor, Spanish Fork, Utah, made the supreme sacrifice for his country, being killed in action, in France, October 1, 1918. He was

born in Spanish Fork, September 10, 1895; educated in the public schools;

was a farmer in Idaho when he was drafted with the June, 1918, contingent.

He left that same month for Camp Kearny, and went overseas in August.

He is survived by his widowed mother and a number of brothers and sisters.

238 IMPROVEMENT ERA

R: Edward Durrant died in France, October 15, 1918, of bronchial pneumonia. He was the son of Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Durrant, of Spanish Fork,

Utah, in which place he was born, June 8, 1893. He left for Camp Lewis

October 4, 1917, and was transferred after two weeks to Camp Kearny, where he trained ten months with the 145th Field Artillery. He left for overseas

about August 5. He is survived by his parents, three brothers and five

sisters.

Private Harry Estes, of Salt Lake City, son of Mrs. Alice N. Estes, born

October 30, 1888, was killed at the battle front in France, according to word received in Salt Lake City, November 18, 1918. He enlisted as an automobile mechanic, February, 1918; was sent to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas; went

to Fort Sill, Oklahoma, and was attached to the 128th Machine Gun Battalion, going to France in June. Besides his widow and mother, he leaves

two sisters and three brothers.

Theodore Gouryiotes was killed in action during the fighting on the western front in France. He was born in Greece, 24 years ago; he came to

America in 1910, became a naturalized citizen of the United States, entered the army June 25, 1918, received his training at Camp Lewis and had been in France only two months before meeting his death. He is survived by his

parents, in Greece, and has a cousin in Magna, Utah, and was a member of Company A, 160th Infantry.

Corporal Arthur R. Green, son of Mr. and Mrs. George R. Green, of

Murray, was killed in action, in France, October, 1918. He was a member

of the 362nd Infantry, trained at Camp Lewis; left Salt Lake City, September 19, 1917. He had been in France several months, and is the first Winder

ward, Granite stake, young man to be killed in action. He was a nephew

of the late Bishop Orrin P. Miller. Besides his father and mother, he is

survived by two brothers and five sisters.

William Muir Swan, son of Daniel Swan, a resident of Salt Lake City since January, 1918, was killed in action, September last. He joined the

Canadian Expeditionary Force, in April, 1914. He was decorated for bravery, and had been recommended for the military medal, had been severely

wounded, and again sent to the front. He was born in Edinburgh, Scotland,

October 11, 1891. He was a nephew of the late George Swan, of Salt Lake

City. Word of his death was received November 10, 1918.

Theras Kickepalos, born in Greece, 31 years ago, came to the United

States, 1909, and was a naturalized citizen, died in France, in action, according to news received November 14, by his brother in Smeltertown, Garfield.

His parents survive him, and live in Greece. He enlisted in August, 1917;

was trained at Camp Lewis, in F Company, 362nd Infantry; had been nine

months in France. Was the first to enter the army from Smeltertown, and

the first employe of the Garfield smelters to be killed in action.

Private William R. Steglist, son of Mrs. Paul Steglist, of Salt Lake City,

died in France, October 18, 1918, of pneumonia. He was a member of the

145th Field Artillery, 21 years of age, born in Germany; came to this country in 1903; enlisted in the Utah National Guard, 1916; served on the

Mexican border, enlisted October, 1917, and accompanied the 145th from is survivedCamp Kearny, and went to France with that organization. He

also in the by his parents, one sister and six brothers, two of whom are service.

William A. Robbins, Provo, Utah, son of Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Robbins,

died in England. His parents were notified by letter, November 12, of his

death, October 21, 1918, and he was buried October 22, according to a letter from Captain C. A. Christy, in command of an aerial training camp at

Winchester, England. The young soldier was 24 years old, enlisted in the

aviation corps, December, 1917, was sent to a training camp in Texas, thence overseas, July, 1918. He is survived by his parents, three brothers

and four sisters.

DIED IN SERVICE 239

Corporal George D. McMullen, son of Flora Davis, of Clevland, Utah,

made the supreme sacrifice on the battle front in France, September 26, 1918, being killed in action. He was 25 years of age, born at St. George.

Enlisted September 6, 1917, was trained at Camp Lewis, transferred to

Camp Merrill, New Jersey, went overseas in July, was a member of the 362nd Infantry, 91st Division, and had been in the trenches some weeks before being killed. He is survived by his mother, stepfather and several

brothers and sisters.

Horace R. Argyle, son of Bishop Benjamin and Jane Argyle, Spanish

Fork, Utah, died November 14, 1918, at an aviation camp in California. He

was born in Spanish Fork, November 28, 1888, graduated from the University of Utah five years ago; was principal of the High School at Grayson,

Utah, when he left for training in the aviation corps. While awaiting induction into service, he married Miss Edith Cluff, of Provo, Utah, 1918. His

father died some eighteen months ago. His brothers, William and Sterling,

are in service, the latter in France.

Hubert H. Layton, son of Mr. and Mrs. Orson Layton, of Layton, Utah,

died of typhoidpneumonia, October 19, 1918, at a base hospital. He was

drafted and sent to Camp Lewis, April 17, 1917, and embarked for France in July. He was born at Layton, March 22, 1891, graduated from the Law

School of the University of Utah, in the class of 1917. Married Dora Jane

Bennion of Draper, Utah, October 18, 1917. His widow, and his daughter

three months old, six brothers and three sisters, survive him. He was a

member of the 348th Field Artillery.

Private Joshua H. Bates, son of Mr. and Mrs. Joshua Bates, of Wanship,

Utah, was killed in action in France, October 4, while operating his machine gun. He was a member of the 347th Machine Gun battalion, received --his

training in Camp Lewis, whither he went September, 1917, landing at a

French port, July 23, 1918. He was a graduate of the North Summit High

School, and took a two years'course at the University of Utah. He was

23 years of age, and entered the army after teaching school three years. He

leaves his parents, three brothers and two sisters.

. Radmall, son of Mr. and Mrs. Alma Radmall, died in Private Ruben W

France while in action, October 3, during the big drive. He was born at

Pleasant Grove, Utah, October 15, 1890, was graduated from the B. Y. U.,

1916, taught school at Tremonton, Utah, joined the National Guard, at

Provo, August 4, 1917, was at Fort Douglas until October 11, went to Camp

Kearny and trained with the 145th Field Artillery, embarked for France,

June, 1918, served in Battery D, 15th Field Artillery. He has two brothers,

Laurence L. and Millen D., at the S. A. T. C, Logan; he is survived by his

parents, five brothers and four sisters. Tilfefei

Private Harold Manwaring, son of George and Electa Stevens*om Manwaring of Salt Lake City, died in France, October 16, 1918, from wounds received in action. He enlisted November, 1917, in the Marines, was trained

at Quantico, Va., left for France, May 21, 1918, was assigned to the Fifth

Regimental Machine Gun Company, and went into the trenches immediately upon his arrival in France. His last letter was written during the night,

September 20, in the Argonne woods. Besides his mother, he leaves one

sister and three brothers, one of whom, Charles F., is in Company I, 160th

Infantry, in active service in France.

Private Roni C. Ahlquist, son of Mr. and Mrs. Carl A. Ahlquist, of

Sugar House ward, Salt Lake City, died October 4, 1918, from wounds received in action while fighting in France. He was the only son in the family, and

was born November 13, 1886, in Salt Lake City. He left home with drafted

men, October 3, 1917, for Camp Lewis, was then sent to Long Island, and left for France about December 12, 1917. In his last letter he told of going

over the top three times in different sectors, but said nothing of being wounded. His last letter was dated August 29, 1918. He is survived by

240 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his parents and three sisters. He filled a mission to Sweden, where he labored in the Stockholm conference.

Captain James B. Austin, s'on of Mrs. E. 0. Howard, Salt Lake City,

died in France, October 9 or 10, from wounds received in battle while leading his company to victory. He was a member of General Dickman's Company, 38th Regiment, Third Division Infantry. Was born in Kansas City,

Missouri, 32 years ago, received his early education in Salt Lake City, attended the second officers training camp at Fort Sheridan, Illinois, and on leaving camp, one year ago, was commissioned First Lieutenant. He was

sent to Camp Greene, N. C, where he remained during the winter of

191718, and in March, 1918, was ordered overseas. He won his commission

as Captain while in active duty. He is survived by his wife and two children, now in Omaha.

Captain Parley R. Chrislensen, son of the late Mr. and Mrs. C. C. A.

Christensen, of Ephraim, Utah, was killed in action, in France, October 13, 1918. He was a member of the 325th Infantry. He enlisted in Battery A of

the Utah Artillery, 1898; went to the Philippines, where he saw service

against the Spaniards, returning, in 1899; served a three years'enlistment

with the hospital corps; enlisted for the third time, and was in the service

on the ArizonaMexico border with the 13th Infantry; later was an instructor in the Georgia Military Academy, and was promoted to a captaincy when

the war started with Germany, being assigned to the 324th Infantry, National Army; here he trained at Camp Jordon, Georgia, until April, 1918,

when his regiment embarked for France.

Committee on Public Information. From Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

AMERICANS TRAMPING TOWARD THE RHINE

In combat formation these Yankee doughboys are seen advancing to the firing line through a wood in Alsace, a territory which, before 1914, was on the map as "Germany,"now in the hands of the Allies.

Accompanied by Their Most Severe

Censure

By F. H. Sweet

Two of the trains had already pulled up the company's wharf to the main line, and a third was sending out its last signaling whistle, when a girl hurried down Track 9 with a basket covered by a napkin, evidently containing luncheon.

Messenger 16 was swaying unsteadily at the open door of a car, and the girl went straight to him, her eyes bright, her cheeks flushed. But as she drew near she recoiled suddenly, a look of

terror coming to her face.

"Petro,"her white lips tried to say, but no sound came from them.

The man passed a hand across his brow, weakly, holding to the car by the other. The girl went a step nearer.

"What does it mean?"her voice quivered hoarsely. "Oh,

Petro!"Something in the agony of the cry seemed to penetrate the dulling brain of the man, for a tremor went through him, and he straightened suddenly, as though by a great effort. The dull

eyes opened and shut heavily, and again the hand passed across the forehad, as if to force some intelligence into the clogged brain. Then

"D-don't speak like that, girlie,"an unrecognizable voice

I never drank a drop in my life.mumbled. "I'm not—drunk.

It's a d-r-ug,"his voice drifting backYou know I—speak—true.

again into the stupor.

The girl was beside him with a swift movement, the basket thrust into the car, her hands placed firmly upon his shoulders, her eyes close and gazing straight into his, lovingly, compellingly.

"Petro,"the voice forcing itself into clearness and steadiness, "look at me now, hard. What is it? Think."

The man made a supreme effort.

you know.""It was Messenger 12—Timet,

She knew. She had refused Timet's love.

it. Then he "He offered me a drink of water, and I tookcrossed to Track 3, and jumped on board his train. It was—the

one that just pulled out."

"But what did he do it for?"

"P-dpn't you understand, Lasia?"a sharp agony quivering in

242 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the voice. "This trip was to furnish the money for our wedding.

Timet knew it. He planned it just before my train starts, so I

will lose the trip. There is no time to find a substitute. My

the company will be angry, andtrain will go—without me, and

his eyes again bedis-charge me for drunkenness; and—and—"

loscoming dull and his form swaying more heavily—"and—I'ming myself. I can't see you. Quick, girlie, find the—manager

discharged messenger cannotand tell him it isn't drink. A—a

get work anywhere."

He lurched forward and would have fallen, but she caught him in her strong, supple arms. A quick glance both ways

showed no one was near. The fruit train on Track 5 was just

leaving the wharf, and 6 was sounding its last warning call. Half

carrying and half leading him, she hurried Messenger 16 to the nearest entrance, only a few yards away. Several drays were

standing about waiting for a job. She motioned imperiously to

the owner of the nearest.

"Listen, Petro,"she said, slowly, putting her lips close to the ear of the now almost insensible man in an effort to make him hear and comprehend: "I am going to send you home. You

must not worry a bit. I will fix it all right."

He was holding his train papers tightly, and she unclasped them gently from his fingers. Then, as the drayman came forward, "Take this man to his home at once, 12 Rue Citronelle.

Here is a dollar."

Inside, she again glanced sharply around. A man was running in her direction, heading toward the rear of the train, She

fecognized him as a friend of Petro's.

"Hello, Mirs Las'a,"he called. "Come to see Petro off again,

have you? He's a lucky fellow. But you must excuse my hurry.

This train pulls out in three minutes, and I must reach my section."

Lasia could hear her heart thumping in its anxiety.

"Your section is in the rear, I suppose?"she questioned,

with assumed carelessness.

"Yes,"over his shoulder, "the 18 rear cars. I'm Messenger

28. Petro has the forward 20 cars. I switch off at Memphis for

Jefferson City, and Petro goes on to Columbus."

As he hurried away, the girl's face cleared. She had learned

all she wanted to know. Placing her hands upon the floor of the

car she gave a light spring and was within, sliding the door quickly behind her. A few moments later her own train bell

rang and then the car began to move forward.

out of She never had been on a train before—never been

New Orleans. But her father had been a banana messenger,

and Petro had many times told her the details of his trips. She

must manipulate the ventilators of her 20 cars so as to have the

ACCOMPANIED BY SEVERE CENSURE 243

heat just right to bring the bananas to prime marketable condition when she reached her destination. A few degrees too

much either way might mean the loss of a good many thousand dollars to the company.

It was a hard trip, for the outside thermometer rose from 31 degrees to 70 degrees in six hours, and the next morning was back again to 31 degrees, and falling. It meant a constant

shifting of the ventilators, with an impossibility of keeping the car thermometers from fluctuating uneasily. Zero weather

v/ould have been infinitely preferable, for then the ventilators could have remained closed, and the fruit would have generated enough heat of its own to prevent freezing.

That night and the next day the girl did not trust herself to sit down once, for fear she might get drowsy and momentarily relax her vigilance. Too much depended on obtaining the best

results just now.

She was careful to keep herself out of sight, and this she was able to do the more readily on account of the train making few stops. At Memphis the rear section was switched off to

connect with a train west, and her own was attached to a train which had just pulled in from Galveston, the engine returning to New Orleans with a lot of empty cars.

A few hours later, at a watering stop, the new conductor caught sight of her as he was hurrying along the train. She was

ju3t sliding the door, but too late.

"Hello,"he cried, pausing a moment—tramp?"

Lasia slid back the door.

"No, sir,"she answered, quietly, holding up the papers she; "I am in charge of this section. I haven'thad taken from Petro

had a chance to see you before."

The conductor gave a long whistle, which ended in an apologetic cough. But his face lengthened visibly.

"What's the company thinking of?"he ejaculated hotly.

"Next we know, girls will be put in as conductors and engineers and brakemen."Then he hurried away, still choking resentfully.

Seven days later, Lasia entered the company's office at New

Orleans. The manager himself happened to be in, and he

seemed to recognize her by the papers she carried in her hand.

He came forward quickly.

But at that moment a figure which had been lounging about white, anxiousfaced man who had been peerthe street door—aing into the office most of the time for the last week—also saw

first.her and rushed in. She turned to him

"How are you, Petro?"she asked, eagerly—"all right?"

What have you been up to, girlie? "Yes, yes—but you?

This office has been full of talk."

244 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The manager was beside them now.

"Is this Miss Lasia?"he inquired.

"Yes. Here are the receipts your commission agents gave

me. They said the fruit was in prime condition."

The manager glanced over the papers hurriedly.

"Yes, yes; they're all right,"he said. "But we knew that

before. Our agents wired us that the fruit was in the very best

as they had ever received. I—I hardly knowcondition—as good

what to do about this. It's a most untoward thing, and should

receive our severest censure; and yet you do as well as our very

almost. I suppose we shall have to passbest messenger—better

it over. But such a thing must never happen again. No,"as

her gaze went inquiringly toward Petro; "we have not discharged

it was ahim. He may go on the next trip. And you—well,

most untoward thing. But I suppose you did the best you could

under such short notice. You may stop at the cashier's window

for your money, there's a little recognition for you and—yes,there also. You saved us from a possible great loss. But remember, the recognition is accompanied by our most severe

censure."Waynesboro, Va.

Underwood & Underwood, New York

HOW PIONEERS MADE WAY FOR INFANTRY ADVANCE

Through the marshes of the Belgian front, the pioneers cut the enemy wire entanglements, and in other ways facilitated the infantry advance.

These fellows preceded an attack and cleared the path. This sort of work

entailed great risk.

The Efficient Mutual A Recreational, Educational and Spiritual Center

By Prof. Osborne J. P. Widtsoe

The Aim

"Search the scriptures,"exhorted Jesus, "for in them ye think ye have eternal life; and they are they which testify of

me."As always, Jesus announced in this admonition an eternal

truth, applicable not only to the specific case in hand, but to any and every problem that might arise. The prophets have

always been inspired men of God, who have spoken as the

Spirit of God has given them utterance. It is always safe, therefore, to search the Scriptures. If the prophets have had a

right to say about the matter for which we are looking, we may rest assured that it is right. In the Scriptures we do find the

way of eternal life. They testify of the truth.

Now, when we attempt to discover what should characterize an efficient mutual, we are at once confronted by the question,

Why does the M. I. A. exist? What is the purpose of the M.

I. A.? To these questions there might possibly be given as many

the Mutual ImProphet—theanswers as thereProphetare questioners,of God—haswere itdefinednot for the fact that the

provement Association under the inspiration of the Spirit of

God. So, heeding the admonition of Jesus, we search the

Scriptures. They testify of the truth.

The Prophet, Brigham Young, said in 1875 to the young men whom he had called to begin the work of the Mutual

Improvement Association, "Mutual Improvement of the youth;

establishment of individual testimonies of the truth and magnitude of the great Latterday work; the development of the

gifts within them, that have been bestowed upon them by the laying on of the hands of the servants of God; cultivating a

knowledge and an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."

Again, the Prophet said, "It is our desire that these institutions should flourish, that our young men may grow in a comprehension of and faith in the holy principles of the gospel of eternal salvation; and furthermore have an opportunity

to and be encouraged in bearing testimony to and speaking of the truths of our holy religion. Let the consideration of these

truths and principles be the groundwork and leading idea of 246 IMPROVEMENT ERA

every such association; and on this foundation of faith in

God's great Latterday work, let their members build all useful knowledge, by which they may be useful in the establishment of his kingdom. Each member will find that happiness

in this world mainly depends on the work he does and the way in which he does it."

Here is stated in inspired words the aim, the purpose, the "groundwork and leading idea"of the Mutual Improvement Associations. Upon the foundation of faith in God's

great latterday work, may be builded all kinds of useful knowledge. The association may study what they will—but always

with faith in God, in his Son Jesus Christ, and m God's great for the purposelatterday work as the "leading idea,"—and

that the association members may become useful in the establishment of God's kingdom.

Analyzed, the Prophet's statement of the aim of the M. I.

A. yields these points.

1. The M. I. A. should establish individual testimony of

the truth and magnitude of the great Latterday work.

2. The M. I. A. should help develop the gifts within its

members confirmed upon them by the laying on of the hands of the servants of God.

3. The M. I. A. should cultivate a knowledge and application of the eternal principles of the great science of life (the

art of living).

4. The groundwork and leading idea of every association should be faith in God's great Latterday work.

5. The end, or result, of the association's endeavors should

be the turning out of young men efficient in God's service—men

who may be useful in the establishing of God's kingdom men endued with the 'desire of action, spiritual service—men

who have learned that happiness in this world depends mainly theupon the work they do—the service they render—and

way in which they do it.

Naturally the full, efficient M. I. A. is that which successfully achieves the five requirements here laid down by the

Prophet. And to satisfy as nearly as may be these five requirement's must be the aim of every M. I. A.

The Elements But how to do so?

Having presented the aim of the M. I. A., as declared by

the Masterbuilder, Brigham Young, let me now suggest a few points essential to the efficient mutual. The work of the M. I.

A. officers is naturally of two kinds: 1. the work of getting;

2. the work of holding. Into these should be woven the great

solicit membership anddesideratum—the end for which we

THE EFFICIENT MUTUAL 247

of helping young men to becomelabor to hold it—the work

firmly grounded in the faith, and to become spiritually active in the upbuilding of righteousness upon the earth. These

general divisions, I shall consider in the order named.

Getting The efficient M. I. A. has an active and effective recruiting

system, by means of which the association and its mission are brought home to every member of the ward. This is not the

place to discuss methods of doing missionary work. The

methods must necessarily vary with respective wards. But this

at least the alert M. I. A. president will do. He will have a full

and complete register of every person of mutual age residing in his ward; he will, himself, visit or have visited every person

registered; he will keep in close touch with all new arrivals,

and solicit their membership in the M. I. A., and he will not

cease his missionary labors after the first visit in September, in the parable of the unrighteous judge—his importunbutuntil—ashe will continue to visit from time to time, and to importune,

ing will prevail. Read over the five points of purpose. Has any

M. I. A. officer the right to cease from his labors until he has

done his utmost to bring every member in the ward under the spiritual guidance of this benign and glorious aim? The M.

I. A. officer who is content to conduct his association with only

those who volunteer commits a great fault of omission. Such

an officer cannot build up an efficient Mutual. The efficient

M. I. A. carries its mission out to the ward, and does not

cease from its efforts until every member of it has been labored with, not seven times, but seventy times seven.

Helping The efficient M. I. A. holds in regular attendance the

members that it once gets enrolled. The principles of holding

are fourfold: (a) Supplying physical comfort; (b) Building

a social center; (c) Satisfying the intellectual hunger; (d) Meeting the spiritual need. Let me suggest a few thoughts on each

of these points in order.

Supplying Physical Comfort A few years ago, there appeared in one of our prosperous towns two alert, energetic young men, trained in the sectarian ministry, and eager to win young men from the dominant faith.

Almost at a glance they measured the situation in the towns.

Then they proceeded to work. Before the good citizens awoke

to what was in progress these two young ministers had won the hearts of most of the young men of the town. They were good

mixers and made things interesting for the boys. On Tuesday

I

248 IMPROVEMENT ERA

evenings, the club rooms annexed to the Protestant church were thronged with happy contented boys; whereas the Mutual Improvement Associations in the several wards were attended by

a mere handful of boys only passively concerned in the work.

The program was uninteresting; there was no boys'energy or

enthusiasm; the lifeblood was sluggish, near to stagnant.

And what was the matter?

Over at the ministers'hall the rooms were cheerily lighted, warm and comfortable. In the ward halls, the rooms were

drearily lighted, and the fire in the coldlooking, rusty stove, had not been long enough made to warm the air. At the ministers'

hall the walls of the rooms were bright and clean, and attractively hung with beautiful, uplifting pictures. In the ward halls,

the walls of the rooms were dark and dingy, and there where no pictures at all. At the ministers'hall, the rooms had clean

floors, with now and again a rug; in the ward halls, the rooms

had grimy, blackish floors, with never a sign of adornment. At

the ministers'hall there were scores of clean, ennobling books placed conveniently in neat, attractive cases, inviting the hungry boy to remain and feast; in the ward halls there were also

scores of books, perhaps as clean in matter and as ennobling in character, but dustridden and dirty, thrown in slovenly fashion upon the grimy shelves of a repellent cupboard, driving the hungry boy away from a feast that, had it been served attractively, might well have been better and richer than the one he attended. At the ministers'hall every effort was put forth to

furnish physical comfort and clean attractive surroundings; in

the ward halls no effort had been made to appeal to the comfort and finer sensibilities of the boy.

Fortunately, of course, this picture is not a common one. At

least, I hope that there are now very few towns, or wards—hope, in fact, that there is none—that the description above will

fit. But so long as such conditions as those depicted obtain to

any degree in a ward, it will be impossible for the M. I. A. to

attain the ideal of efficiency. It is not because boys are inherently bad that they go to to the clubroom, or to the poolroom, or even to the saloon. More often it is because they find

there physical comfort, and attractiveness utterly unknown to the meeting place of the M. I. A. Make that meeting place

comfortable and attractive, and much of the difficulty of missionary work will be overcome. Clean up, light up, adorn the

walls with beautiful pictures that will stir the soul, and you have already in part prepared the soil in which to sow the seed of faith. You are on the Lord's highway: cleanliness is

next to Godliness; the step becomes easy and light following.

The efficient M. I. A. keeps its rooms clean, warm, attractively

and appropriately decorated, and equipped to appeal to the inTHE EFFICIENCY MUTUAL 249

terest of the boy, and to the noblest and highest ideals implanted in him.

Building a Social Center The efficient M. I. A. is the social center of the ward in

which it lives. In the work of helping it is not sufficient, of

course, merely to surround the boy with bodily comforts. He

is naturally a social creature. His first demand, after physical

comfort, will be for recreation and social activity. The M. I.

A. is the association to lead out in the social activities of the

ward. True, it must operate through, or in cooperation with,

the ward social committee. But no other organization can so

well take the lead in matters social as can the M. I. A. Above

all, the M. I. A. must satisfy the craving for recreation and social

life in its members, and in doing so must further build upon the foundation of faith by keeping them under spiritual guidance. As the church clubrooms of the ambitious young ministers in the town spoken of above became the recreational and social center for the boys of the town, so the M. I. A. of each ward

should become the social center of the members of the ward.

"Let's go down to the Mutual rooms,"takes the place in the conversation of the future of the vulgar, "Let's go down to

Pete's Pool Hall."The efficient M. I. A., warm, clean, comfortable, and attractive, makes itself a social center, where recreation,

games and amusements are conducted under spiritual guidance.

Satisfying the Intellectual Hunger

The M. I. A. is primarily an educational institution. Its

chief activity consists, therefore, of teaching; its chief work,

in constructing the fabric of faith. For the M. I. A. is also a

religious institution. It is a part of the educational system of

the Church. Its teaching, therefore, must embody the virtues

virtues that arethat are expressive of Christian character—the

expressive of the right adjustment of the individual in his relations to God, to society, and to himself. In doing this, the

in theM. I. A. is teaching both religion and ethics—inseparable

Christian is fulfiling the fundamental idea laid down life—and

by President Brigham Young.

Fortunately, the normal boy will not long remain content on a diet of physical comfort and recreation alone. The intellectual in him craves nourishment; and can easily be stimulated

to greater activity. Hence, the efficient mutual provides for the

intellectual hungerdemands of the boy. But there is, perhaps,

no other form of hunger that revolts so quickly against illpre- pared food. The pupil is quick to discern the qualifications of

his teacher. It follows that the efficient M. I. A. select a class250 IMPROVEMENT ERA

leader who is wellinformed, who prepares every lesson thoroughly, who spares no pains to learn how to develop and to present the lesson in an interesting and instructive manner, who is devoted to the work, who makes a business of it, whom the boys respect and love and who is therefore always there—dependable as the foundations of the earth. Moreover, the efficient

M. I. A. selects a classleader who adds to these qualifications

a profound and abiding faith in the Resspirituality—who has

sees and comprehends life through the illuminatoration—who

ting glass of faith, and who presents the lesson work through the medium of his pure religion and Christian ethics. In short,

the efficient M. I. A. selects a classleader who is full of faith,

devoted to his work and eager to serve; who feeds the hungry

intellect, holds the interest, and thrills the spiritual self of the boy.

Meeting the Spiritual Need

The efficient M. I. A. recognizes the fact that it is something

more than a mere secular institution. Were it not that the

eternal truths and everlasting principles of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ form the "groundwork and leading idea"of the work of the M. I. A., it would differ little, if any, from the

work of any other educational institution. But the M. I. A. has

for its special mission the building of faith through the enlargeinspiriting of every kind of knowledgement of the intellect—the

with the living principle of faith and testimony. Therefore it is

that the meeting place is cleansed, and warmed, and adorned, that it may sanctify and inspire. Therefore it is that the games

of recreation and the amusements are made holy by being placed under spiritual guidance. Therefore it is that the lessonwork is

considered from the viewpoint of the Christian virtues—from

the view point of man's right relationship to God, to society, and to himself. It may be said that man is physical, intellectual,

and spiritual; and the greatest of these is the spiritual. The

efficient M. I. A. adjusts the physical comforts, the social activities, and the intellectual labors so that there shall result the

largest possible reaction in spiritual life.

The Great Desideratum

successful M. I. A., we may say When the M. I. A.—the

has conducted an effective drive for membership, and has consistently held its members in regular and interested attendance, then comes the test of efficiency as an association in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. For it is not enough that

the M. I. A. shall have a reasonably large percentage of the

THE EFFICIENCY MUTUAL 251

ward membership in regular attendance, it is not enough that the M. I. A. rooms shall be clean and warm and attractive; it is

it isnot enough that the association shall be active—socially;

not enough even that the classwork shall be all that might be desired; nor yet that the classleader has endeavored to spiritualize his work. What has been the result of all this splendid

effort? Do the M. I. A. members lead cleaner lives than do

others? Have they adjusted themselves rightly toward society?

Do they love their neighbors as themselves? Do they love God

with all their might, mind and strength? Are they devoted to

the upbuilding of the kingdom of God? Are they firmly

founded in the faith? The efficient M. I. A. will produce men

of faith, of profound conviction, of unlimited spiritual activity, who in their devoted service in season and out of season stand as pillars of strength to the Church.

Review

In conclusion, the ultimate aim of the Mutual Improvement

Association is to ground its members in the faith, and to produce men who shall be useful in the establishment of God's kingdom.

The elements of efficiency are therefore these:

1. The efficient M. I. A. carries its mission out to the ward,

itand does not cease from its efforts until every member of has been labored with, not seven times, but seventy times seven. 2. The efficient M. I. A. keeps its rooms clean, warm, attractively and appropriately decorated, and equipped to appeal

to the interest of the boy and to the highest and noblest ideals implanted in him.

3. The efficient M. I. A. makes itself a social center, where

recreation, games, and amusements are conducted under spiritual guidance.

is full of 4. The efficient M. I. A. selects a class leader who

faith, devoted to his work, and eager to serve; who feeds the

hungry intellect, holds the interest, and thrills the spiritual self of the boy.

5. The efficient M. I. A. adjusts the physical comforts, the

social activities, and the intellectual labors, so that there shall result the largest possible reaction in spiritual life.

I. A. will pro- 6. The test of efficiency. The efficient M.

duce men of faith, of profound conviction, of unlimited spiritual activity, who in their devoted service in season and out of season stand as pillars of strength to the Church.

(Continued from page 216) A heightened color was on the girl's face, and her eyes shone with the tremulous light of a great hope. "O Grandma!"she burst out as the apples were being passed, "I could

just know you'll agree with me.hardly wait to read it to you—I

Angie found it in a California paper, and enclosed it in her

"How cosy you are"exclaimed Dorothy!

letter. She thinks it's just beautiful and so romantic, but she

doesn't even guess who it's about."

There was hardly time for neighborly greetings, so full of her message was the excited girl.

that he "Didn't Tom's letter say that he had a friend—and

couldn't tell a certain story? Well, here's the story."

Dorothy produced a short clipping and began to read.

Needless to say, there was sympathetic attention.

Yesterday, before the state Board of Pardons, (so began the clipping) there occurred one of those rare episodes which, in spite of the low level of mankind in general, give us a glimpse into the profound depths of the human heart, and help perafter all sordid man—maysuade us that perhaps man—selfish,

be blood and spirit kin to Him who died on Calvary.

The business of the day was nearly over, and most of those tall,who had appeared in behalf of prisoners, had left, when a dark young man arose and approached the court.

THE GATEWAY 253

to "Your honors,"he began, rather brokenly, "I—I want

make a confession. It's about Rob Roy. I want to tell you that

he's innocent and I'm guilty."

"Just wait a moment, young man,"said Judge Howland, "and we'll get at this matter properly."

The oath was administered to him.

"Now you may continue. Tell the story from the beginning."

is what everybody calls "My name's John O'Brien—Jack

me now, though when I first met Bob I was Billy Williams.

That was at Reno, three years ago. We was both strapped, and

rode in one night on a Pullman, him on one brake rod, me on the other.

Pennsylvania. Bob "My friend's name?—Robert Royden,

used to laugh and say, 'That's my Sunday school name,'and that's the way it is on your books.

"Bob and me took to each other right from the start-—we

look enough alike to pass for brothers. But when he wouldn't

drink or smoke, I knew I couldn't let him in to the kind of jay

I was. So we got work together and roomed together for nearly

six months; and honest, I never was happier in my life.

"But one day I met an old pal from New York. He told

me of a layout he'd been working on for nearly a month—ten

thousand in it, at least, he said.

"When I told him who I was with, he said, 'Good, stay right the library and churchthere, best blind in the world—especially

racket, and don't feel bad about your friend; we'll take him on

after awhile.'

"I'm sorry to say I fell for it; and of course it took me out

of nights, and it was not long till Bob got uneasy about me, though he tried not to show it. One night we was on our way

Ifrom the library—we'd walked home with Mary first—when

caught sight of Dick Wells among a crowd of saloon bums. He

tipped me a wink as we passed, so I knew the police was onto us.

"Well, I made some excuse not to go upstairs, and this is what happened. When Bob turned on the light, he found two

cops in the room. They looked at him a moment. 'Fits the description to a T,'said one of 'em as they slipped on the irons.

'Oh, we're on to your 'respectable'dodge, young man, and now we'll just look around a little.'

"But they didn't find anything till they came to my trunk.

When they opened that, there was all the pickings we didn't dare to sell or dispose of: diamond rings, pearl necklace, three

gold watches, some government bonds, and lots of other junk;

and there also they found Dick Wells'fine kit of tools.

"Bob could have told 'em it wasn't his trunk but he didn't

254 IMPROVEMENT ERA

say a word. I lit out and waited, thinking, of course, he'd clear

could easily have done; and as I wouldn't behimself—as he

there to be arrested, no harm would come of it. But when I got

the papers of the trial and read, 'Defendant refused to plead, and also to engage counsel,'I knew Bob was taking punishment for my sake.

"Well, I was pretty badly broke up over that; so when Dick

Wells said one day, 'Aw, let the duffer sweat for it!'that was

the last straw. I just turned on him. 'You lowdown scoundrel.

You got me into this kind of a life, but you can't keep me in it.

I'll give you twentyfour hours to get out of this state, or you'll go in for life, even if I have to follow you!'and you bet Dick

lit out. He's in Sing Sing now.

"I didn't know what to do next. Bob was in for ten years,

and I couldn't get up courage enough to swallow that pill; but

when I told my story to Mary O'Donnell she made my duty pretty clear. We called at the pen next day, as Bob's brother and

sister. I broke down completely, but Bob just put his arms

around me, and said he wouldn't hear of me taking his place.

"called me that—'you've got to have 'Jonathan'—he often

your chance. What kind of chance would it be among these

crooks?'He soon won Mary over, and I had to consent. 'You

get a steady job, and report every little while to Mary,'says Bob, and that's how I started to make a man of myself."

At this point the fair reader stopped to wipe her eyes.

"Isn't that like Tom! I'm so proud of him!"Then she

continued thought "The job I took up with was plumbing—Mary

that acthat'd be the easiest trade for me to learn"—the laugh

companied this bit of whimsical humor was a half sob. "And I

have made good as far as that goes. How could I help it, with

such a friend and such a wife!"

"You are married, then?"asked the chairman.

"Yes; Bob helped that out, too. He was at our wedding, for

he's been a trusty ever since he went in; and last year he was at

the christening of our little Tommie. We wanted to call him

Robert, but Bob asked, as a special favor, that we call him

Thomas after Bob's father. The kid thinks more of Bob than

he does of his dad.

"That's about all of my story. We'd be the happiest family in the world if it wasn't for Bob being in stripes. 'Don't

worry about me,'he tells us every time he calls. 'My pardon

will come without my asking. Besides, I'm doing more good inside than I could out.'

"You see, Bob's the leader among a lot of young fellers in there. He's coaching 'em to straighten up so as to get parTHE GATEWAY 255

doned; they're all wild to enlist and so is he; hut how can he, as

long as that black lie stands against his name on the records?

"But there's another side to this. I can't feel that I'm quite

a man till I get into Bob's shoes. My selfrespect demands it;

and as for Mary, you never saw a gladder woman than when I told her I was coming here.

"We've worked and saved, so that she and the kid is provided for; and now I'm ready to do what I ought to have

done long ago. We want to give back Bob's good name as a

Christmas gift, and a free ride home to his mother."

The few auditors left in the court room applauded as the man sat down, and the members of the Board were visibly affected. After a whispered consultation the chairman thanked

Jack O'Brien for his manly confession, and said the Board would take the case under advisement. In the meantime Jack

would be free to spend Christmas with his family.

VI It is Christmas eve. A transformation—almost

to the old farm house. Eighteen inchesfiguration—has come a transof snow is on the ground, and the flakes, still descending, serve

to weave a moving veil against the blaze of light from a score of windows.

The surrounding grove is no longer naked, but clad in filmy white, irradiated with glowing colors suspended from the trees.

Even the barn has its electric bulb, revealing fresh occupants in the old stalls; and under the sheds one catches the dim outlines of sleighs, surreys, and automobiles.

For the first scout in this army of invasion, preceding even the advance guard of cooks and decorators, was Tom Wakefield

III, electrician from the power house at Ogden. Then came

autotrucks loaded down with rolls of bedding; crates of apples,

oranges, grapes, bananas; boxes, savory of cooked meats and

pastries; baskets of table ware; and mysterious packages from

Santa Claus.

Next came the organizers, a bevy of Wakefield young men and maidens, cousins from north and south and east; lastly, the

family vans, loaded to the guards.

is bursting with And there they all are now—the old house

hem. That row of imps carrying in backlogs, are urchins who

ave listened to pioneer tales of blazing hearths, and are eager to see and feel the reality.

There, with hands behind and back to the blaze, stands grandpa; tall, spare, whitehaired, half spiritualized, in

a grove of sturdy sons and grandsons still anchored to earth.

Mothers with babes in arms are seen through windows here and 256 IMPROVEMENT ERA

there; and flitting about to comfort and help is grandma, also

halfangel in contrast with daughters and granddaughters still on Eve's mission.

Nor is this home pageant visible only; one has only to shut

one's eyes to hear the tide of life surge in the old house as it

"That row of imps carrying in back logs."

never did before: infants'sleepy cries, the gleeful shouts and

resounding boots of youngsters; the gay banter and laugh of

youths and maidens in the "hesaid-thenshe-said"age; the duets,

trios, and quartets of those deeper in the mysterious swell of life.

Later in the evening we shall hear all sing together, "0 Ye Mountains High,"or "We Thank Thee, God, for a Prophet."

But a change in the program is even now pending—a change

long presaged, indeed, by savory odors from the kitchen. Two

tables, made from boards resting on trestles, and surrounded by benches similarly contrived, are being set up the entire length of the parlor. The youngsters are enjoined to make room by

standing up like soldiers against the wall. And there they

watch the fascinating transfer of good things from the kitchen.

How their eyes shine, and what appetitizing interjections they chorus, as the miracle spreads before them on snowwhite linen: twelve roasted turkeys, hot from the oven; twice twelve

pyramids of apples, pears, oranges, and bananas; steaming

mounds of potatoes mashed in cream; Christmas cakes galore;

heaping platters of cookies; wreaths, crosses, and anchors of

holly and imagination must do the rest! mistletoe—but

All at length are seated; grandpa and grandma at the head,

where the three tables form a U. Before them is a bank of red

and white roses, the breath of California still in their petals.

How these Christmas revelers applauded this gift to grandma—and especially the giver! For Tom is here—Tom, no longer

skeptical; the strength of his father and the tenderness of his

mother in his face; more handsome, more manly for that valley

of tribulation.

Tom sits next to grandma on the left, and by his side is

Dorothy Avery, with dewy eyes!

THE GATEWAY 257

longer merely Nat, but fullyunfolded Nat is also here—no

Nathaniel, like his namesake of old, "an Israelite without guile."

He is seated on the right side of his father, and between them is a blushing village maiden, whom want of space has not permitted hitherto to be introduced.

In front of these guests of honor sit—big and little—the

rest of the Wakefield family; a typical "Mormon"family, made

up of ten sons and daughters, doubled by marriage; men and

women prominent in affairs, religious, civil, and industrial, with over threescore children and grandchildren.

But the time is too urgent for a roster; the banquet waits

only for the venerable patriarch to rise and bless the feast and leave his benediction upon the bowed heads of his children and children's children. Then what joy and revelry ensue! And

after the tables are cleared away, what games from old England, transmitted through grandma, what Yankee tricks, through grandpa

It is past midnight. Grandma and Grandpa, who took good

care to save their strength during the revels, have said good night, with much throwing of kisses up and down the double rows of beds on the parlor floor; Santa Claus has performed the

ticklish job of filling three score stockings and hanging them back on the big chimney.

children of long And now those first boys and girls—the

to disturb father and mother, tiptoed upstairs—notago—have

thewhom they believe to be sleeping in mother's room—and

big house is dark and still.

But father and mother are not sleeping; they are sitting

hand in hand, trying to sense the mystery and purpose of all this life that almost overwhelms them.

"Think of it, sweetheart!"said grandma. "Our babies are

all upstairs once more."

Then, as if time has been rolled backward twenty—thirty

years, she lights the old brass candlestick, and together—forty

they ascend the stairs.

Tears bedew cheeks long bearded or wrinkled with life 8 cares as grandma and grandpa smooth the pillows and kiss these "babies"asleep. Silently the old folks move from room to room,

and their secret is not noised ahead.

At length they enter the boys'room. There lies once more

the dark head pillowed by the side of the fair—and both are

asleep! The old folks have borne up well until now, but this

sight quite overcomes them. Tears stream from their eyes, and

broken sobs from grandpa awaken the sleepers.

is the matter? "Why, father and mother! What

258 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Nothing, darlings,"says grandma, smiling through her tears, and laying the dear heads back on the pillow. "We came

to kiss our boys goodnight; and—don't you see?—the Lord has

been so good to us, we simply couldn't hold it all."

And then the boys wept too!

As the aged lovers knelt together that night in mother's room, they might have passed for Simeon and Anna of old; for

among other inspired words in grandpa's prayer occurred this petition: "Now let thy servant and handmaiden depart,

Lord, in peace, since our eyes have beheld the glory of thy salvation, and our hearts have been filled with the peace that shall have no end."

Such is the simple record of the Wakefield reunion one short year ago. Great changes have since taken place. Tom,

following his bent, joined the officers'school at Presidio, and is today captain of a regiment in France. Nat and six of his

nephews were drafted and have also been "over there"fighting

God's battles. The old house has taken on a renewed activity as

Red Cross headquarters, with Dorothy and her sister warbride in charge.

The Lord granted the prayer of grandpa and grandma; so

that they were renewed to eternal life during last June, only ten days between their passing.

In the village cemetery are two marble columns; and inscribed on the arch uniting them are these words: "Sacred to

the mortal remains of Thomas and Mary Wakefield: GATEWAY

for the shining feet of a multitude that came to bless the world.

v//\KEFieLo. THOMAS -vllARy WAKCFIFUO

{on. the sni.iNj fet ef ult.T<i- Th*h e>it1* H**

M

Elder Walter H. Anderson Elder Taylor Giles

Died in the Field

Several missionaries laboring in different fields have been recently made victims of the Spanish influenza.

In a communication from Mary Smith Ellsworth of the

Northern States Mission, the Era is informed of the death, October 31, 1918, of Elder Walter H. Anderson who was born, May

31, 1897, son of Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Anderson of Pima, Arizona.

He was stricken with the Sanish influenza on Monday, and passed away on Thursday morning, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Before retiring to bed that night, he offered the evening prayer.

Neither he nor any one present realized that the end was so near. He arrived in the mission field June, 1918, at the age of

twenty years, and during the time he labored, he rendered exceptional service. He was six feet two inches in height and weighed

180 pounds. He was the only and a promised son of his parents,

his mother, who had six daughters previously, having been given a promise by a patriarch that their home should be blessed with a son; Walter was that son. He was ordained a

deacon at eleven years of age, and at fourteen, a teacher. He

was president of each of his classes at High School and was exceptionally brilliant and blessed. His sister Nora had labored at Milwaukee for the past seventeen months, and was at

the bedside of her brother at the time of his death. She has

taken particular interest in genealogical work, having assisted the Saints in sending 955 names to the Temple since last June;

260 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and during her entire time in the mission field sent in about 2,000 names. Nora and Elder Charles E. Standage, of Mesa,

Arizona, accompanied the body of Walter home to Pima, where funeral services were held.

Elder Taylor Giles, a missionary in the Minnesota conference of the Northern States Mission, for the past nineteen months, died of influenza at the hospital in St. Paul, November

4, 1918, at 6:30 p. m. The city health physician and a private

doctor attended him. He was born January 21, 1898, in Heber

City, Utah, and is a son of Mr. and Mrs. John W. Giles. He

arrived in the mission March 17, 1917. He was a faithful laborer, and spent all his time in the Minnesota conference. His

body was sent home for burial, accompanied by his missionary companion, Elder Christensen.

Sister Margery Stevens, of Enoch, Parowan stake, Iron Co.,

Utah, died at the Mercy hospital, Denver, Colorado, Tuesday,

November 5, 1918, of pneumonia, following an attack of influenza. She was born at Orderville, Kane county, Utah, April 4,

1894, and left for the Western States Mission, April 27, 1917.

She had recently been transferred from Alamosa, Colorado, to

Denver, and before leaving for Denver had been unselfishly assisting others who were sick. She is the first lady missionary to die

of pneumonia, as far as we are aware. Her father left at once

for Denver, and was to take the body home for burial.

Elder John Irving Huskinson, a missionary in the Southern

States, died of influenzapneumonia, after an illness of fourteen days, December 16, 1918, at Dunham, Letcher county, Kentucky, according to a wire to the First Presidency from President C. A.

Callis. He was born in Salt Lake City, Aug. 9, 1896, and was the

son of John W. and Mary E. Bush Huskinson, now of Sugar

City, Idaho. He left for his mission, October 18, 1916.

Elder Henry Parkinson Rogers died in the New Zealand mission, November 17, 1918, of influenzapneumonia, according to word sent by President James N. Lambert to the First

Presidency. Owing to restrictions of the shipping board, the

body could not be sent home.

Up to November 19, Elder Rogers'death was said to the fifth among the missionaries from the disease, and the first outside the missionary field of the United States. Elder Rogers was

born January 19, 1900, at Preston, Idaho, and left for his mission February 20, 1918. He was the son of Henry T. and

Esther Parkinson Rogers, of Logan, Utah.

Some years ago the late Benjamin F. Cummings was editor of Liahona, the Elders'Journal, and on the occasion of the

death of an Elder Hanson, who had returned as far as Chicago from a mission in Holland, wrote the following poem as a con-

DIED IN THE FIELD 261

eolation to his parents. The death of the two elders in Chicago

called to the mind of Sister Ellsworth this poem, who sent it to the Era believing that it might be a source of comfort to the parents of those who have lost loved ones in the missionary field. We take pleasure in reproducing it, assuring all interested

of our deep sympathy for parents and friends of the departed, at the same time believing that their noble mission and lives, and the cause for which they labored, are in themselves deep consolations to the bereaved. This applies not only to loved

ones who have passed away in the gospel field, but also to the many who have sacrificed their lives in the military mission, fighting for the liberty of the nations.

Died in the Field Hush, brothers! "With uncovered heads bow low;

Upon a bed of death a comrade lies;

A call has come from heaven, and he must go

An angel wants to bear him to the skies.

As duty bade, we prayed to the Mcot High

To spare his life, his mission to fulfil,

But he has been appointed in the field to die;

Such is our heavenly Father's holy will.

Bring forth the royal robes of shining white;

For he an angel's raiment now should wear;

Clothe his cold form with their soft folds so bright,

And gently lay it on the waiting bier.

Then to his native mountains speed the clay,

Where dwelt a soul so noble and so brave;

There to await the resurrection day,

Within a holy, consecrated grave.

A father's prayers shall sanctify that spot;

A mother's tears like jewels there shall shine;

And loved ones plant there a forgetme-not

With neverdying blooms upon its vine.

A boy in years, his fair young life he gave

That men might hear the gospel's sound and live.

He gave his life that others he might save

What more than this could any martyr give?

A mission field far wider than this sphere,

Now claims this hero's true and faithful zeal;

Vast hosts of eager souls from him must hear

That testimony which his death did seal.

Weep if ye must, fond parents, weep and mourn;

But mingle with your grief a holy pride;

For 'tis an honor greater than a crown

To have a son die as your son has died.

Death broke no ties; your son is still your son;

And soon you'll claim him in the courts on high,

To share with him the glory he has won—

And then you'll know why he was called to die.

B. F. Cummmgs.

r - s

Hail, Starry Flag!

Patriotic March Song Respectfully dedicated to the Le Grande, Oregon, Community Chorus

Words and Music by L. D. Edwards

March movement

0- -<s>- T 1 i 1. All hail the star -ry flag! The flag of lib - er - ty! Whose

2. Un - furl our glorious flag, With streamers floating high, And

G>- -0- -0- -0- -0- m -0-2-0- h-- -&- m - fct: -I I I—:x—i—t

zzcpxzz:

i i i - -- -<s)T r might and right in justice Bids the world be free, Like soldiers let our songs of freedom Vibrate in the sky. All hail the

# i4 <?-—"V W-0-W 1, -0-0w—0-s—0 s—\--ft-9--& 1 1

i---3—"—-"-f-—f--1 1—L-EH—F i—i—i—

?=5?—'f g flg—3 x=j =, p--f-f

of the cross De - fend - ing righteous laws, Our Nation's glorious da> When strife fore'er shall cease, And all the

q==-z- 3=3=q -J—-U: -i 4-

-*S5- -1—-#-*

r r I - f i i i ]00 cause. All hail the heWroes fought and bled In freedom's

world u-nite in ev - erlast- ing peace.

J-rfStJt iTT-P-w—*= ffi:tzz: tnrrm

p

HAIL, STARRY FLAG 263

star - ry flag, The flag of lib - er - ty! And

J. i—'-f--*--P-h

long may it wave When all the world is free!

/ long may it wave, yes, wave When all the world is free*!

r:. t- --,. J * J1J3

French Official Photograph. Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

ENEMY DESERTS LOOT IN FLIGHT FROM FRANCE.

The Germans were forced to abandon huge stores of loot in their hurried flight from France. Collected by organized looting parties, great

quantities of supplies were foraged from occupied French towns. This photograph shows a huge collection of books taken from the public library at

Montdidier. The books were piled behind the enemy lines to be taken

away, but the French advance was so rapid that their plan was thwarted.

EDITORS'TABLE

InMemoriam Joseph Fielding Smith 18381918

In the passing of President Joseph F. Smith out of this

world, on the morning of November 19, 1918, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations mourn the loss of their General Superintendent for the third time since their organization in 1875—General Superintendents Wilford Woodruff and

Lorenzo Snow having preceded him into the World of Spirits, the Paradise of God.

It was in the winter of 1875 that President Smith's interest was first enlisted in our work; and after the Central Committee

was organized, December, 1876, to stand at the head, he was engaged as the friendly occasional adviser of its officers. It was

in the autumn of 1877, however, that this interest began to assume the constancy and everincreasing activity that was most valuable to the success of the Association, during their formative period. It was during this period that he prepared, especially

for our benefit, his intensely interesting lecture upon the Life of

Joseph the Prophet, which he delivered scores of times before many thousands of our members.

By the end of 1879, about two hundred and forty associations had been organized, with nearly ten thousand members.

Our growing importance, as an anxiliary organization of the

Church, then seemed to demand the appointment of an official advisory authority, including one of the Twelve Apostles, then the presiding quorum of the Church. This was asked for and,

because of his exceeding sympathy and abounding interest in our work, that Elder Joseph F. Smith be so selected from their number. Our request was met on the 6th of April, 1880, by the

creation of the General Superintendency, and the appointment of three of the apostles, viz., Wilford Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith

and Moses Thatcher to comprise it.

EDITORS'TABLE 265

Although President Smith was called at the following October Conference, to be a counselor in the First Presidency of the

Church, he continued as First Assistant in the General Superintendency of the Y. M. M. I. A. throughout the administrations of

Presidents John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff and Lorenzo Snow.

Immediately following his own succession to the Presidency of the Church, he became our General Superintendent, in which susoffice he has been regularly sustained since 1901—not only

tained in it, but he has most faithfully administered its varied functions.

It thus appears that, from the first year of our organization, he has been actively associated with it as adviser and counselor, during its formative period, and as First Assistant General Superintendent, and later as General Superintendent, until his death, a period of fortythree years.

As his associate officers and members of the General Board, we are in love and duty bound to record our sorrow in his departure from among us, and our joy in the reflection of his superlative service while with us. He was the ideal officer in his place

in direction, never lacking the word of counsel—never failing

and encouragement that we needed. He was the friend and

brother of each of us, severally, and had our unbounded confidence, admiration and love. He was so cordial in his fellowship

and association with us that he was in very deed one of us. He

never seemed to grow old. We never thought of him as being

old.

The abiding consciousness of his comradeship is our precious of it, an inspiration and comheritage from him—the memory

us that we were the intifort, while memory lasts—reminding

mate companions of a veritable servant of the living God—His

prophet, seer and revelator. The grandeur of his character

shone among us with the deep glow of an effulgent seerstone, reflecting heights and breadths and depths of Intelligence that is the Glory of God.

And so we knew and loved him; an inspired leader, a faithful counselor, a worthy exemplar.

Blessed be his memory, forever!

Approved by the General Superintendency and members of the General Board of the Y. M. M, I. A. this 9th day of Decernber, 1918.

266 IMPROVEMENT ERA Christmas and New Year

The Era has printed a number of reminiscences of President

Joseph F. Smith, as remembered by others. In the following letter, written by himself from Santa Monica, Cal., December 29,

1914, to one of his sons. President Smith gives his own experiences in his own language, which will be read with delight

during the present holiday season:

My Beloved Son:-—Your most refreshing and welcome letter of Christmas eve, came to my hand yesterday, and I read

and reread it with pleasure, mingled with grateful tears.

Your letter also took me back not only to the boyhood days of my own boys and girls, but also to those of my very own.

From 1846 to 1848 and 9 I knew no Christmas, and no holiday;

and, indeed s if we had a Christmas or a New Year celebration until after I was married, for the life ofat all before 1846—or

me, at this moment, I cannot remember it. I was teamster,

herdboy, plowboy, irrigator, harvester, with scythe or cradle, woodhauler, thresher, winnower (by the halfbushel measure or fanningmill, later) general roustabout, and a fatherless, motherless, and almost friendless missionary, and withal, always penniless.

I say almost friendless. I had one true friend, a widow,

frail, oh! so true! She was my neverto-beforgotten aged—but

and everto-beloved and remembered Aunt Mercy R. Thompson. She, like my own precious mother, never forgot me while

they lived. But in their time, they had very little, and it was a

continuous struggle just to live!

Then when, after these dreary experiences, my own precious cherubs began to come along, we were existing on $3 per day for each working day employed, and that in tithing products at high prices. Well, I cannot tell you how we managed to live at

all, but we did! God must have helped us, for I did not steal

nor defraud my neighbor. I did not owe any man, woman or

child one cent, except it was my gracious Aunt Mercy who, as often as she could, slipped a favor in my way. I owed no man

idle.through all those days, and I had to work—I could not be

Now again to the Christmas holidays: There were my

three Godgiven mamas, and our precious chicks, but not a dollar in cash, with which to buy one thing for Christmas. I

could draw a few pounds of flour, or meat, a little molasses, or something of that kind, ahead, at the general Tithing Office and pay up at the end of the month with tithing scrip, received in payment of my labor which more than often began at 6 a. m.

and ended at 11 p. m., at $3 per day in tithing pay, which was

not cash.

I saw many reveling in luxuries, with means to lavish on

EDITORS'TABLE 267 their every want, which were far more than their needs—riding

—wein buggies,all! wereon prancingon foot andhorses,of necessityenjoying tuggingtheir leisure,away withwhileall/

our mights to keep soul and body together. Under these spiritless conditions, one day just before Christmas, I left the old

home with feelings I cannot describe. I wanted to do something

for my chicks. I wanted something to please them, and to mark

not a cent to do itthe Christmas day from all other days—but

with! I walked up and down Main Street, looking into the shop

store, into everywindows—into Amussen's jewelry store—everyof sight of humanity and sat downwhere—and then slunk out

and wept like a child, until my pouredout grief relieved my aching heart; and after awhile returned home, as empty as when

I left, and played with my children, grateful and happy only for them and their beloved mothers.

After these trials, my pathway became more smooth. I

began to pick up; by hard work, rigid economy, selfdenial, and

the love of God, I prospered. Little openings were presented,

and I improved them. And now we can almost live like white

folks. Oh! let God be praised. I bless you, my son, and all of

you. May the Lord God bless my sons.

Joseph F. Smith.

General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A. Reorganized

At a meeting of the general authorities of the Church, at the Temple, in Salt Lake City, November 27, 1918, a number of changes were effected in some of the Church auxiliary organizations.

President Anthon H. Lund was selected and set apart as

president of the Salt Lake Temple. He was formerly assistant

to the late President Joseph F. Smith.

Elder David 0. McKay was chosen and set apart as superintendent of the Deseret Sunday School Union Board, with Elder

Stephen L. Richards, first, and Elder George D. Pyper, second,

assistant. Elders McKay and Richards were formerly counselors to the late President Joseph F. Smith, and Elder Pyper was

general secretary in this organization.

Elder Anthony W. Ivins was chosen and set apart as General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A. 5 with Elder Brigham H.

Roberts, first, and Elder Richard R. Lyman, second, assistant.

Elder Ivins thus succeeds the late President Joseph F. Smith in

this organization, and Elder Roberts is made the first assistant, succeeding President Heber J. Grant, who had been chosen President of the Church, while Elder Lyman succeeds Elder Roberts

as second assistant.

Photo by H. Thomas Studio

ELDER ANTHONY W. IVINS

General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A. Born, New Jersey, Sept. 16,

1852; came to Utah in 1853; ordained an Apostle, October

6, 1907; chosen and set apart as General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A., Nov. 27. 1918.

EDITORS'TABLE 269

Anthony W. Ivins

Our new superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. is not a

stranger to the young people of Zion. For some time he has

occupied the position of national committeeman of the M. I. A.

Scouts of the Boy Scouts of America. He was chosen and ordained a member of the Council of Twelve Apostles on October

6, 1907, and a member of the General Board Y. M. M. I. A.

January 13, 1909, and since that time has visited practically every stake of Zion.

He was born September 16, 1852, at Toms River, Ocean county, New Jersey, and is the son of Israel Ivins and Anna

Lowrie. With his parents he came to Utah, in 1853, being practically, therefore, a native of the West and certainly one of the

pioneers of Utah and the Great Southwest, a scout, a frontiersman, beloved and widely known in every part of the country, both among the early pioneers and the Indian tribes.

In 1861, his parents settled in southern Utah, and he, therefore, became one of the first settlers of St. George. He was married in 1878, to Elizabeth Ashby Snow, daughter of Apostle

Erastus and Elizabeth R. Snow.

In company with a number of well known pioneers, including Dan W. Jones, Helaman Pratt, Ammon M. Tenney and

others, he performed a mission to Mexico, in 1875, going as far south as the city of Chihuahua, west to the Sierra Madre

Mountains, thence north through the section of country in which the colonies of the Latterday Saints were later founded. They

also explored the Salt River Valley and the Little Colorado

River country, in Arizona, where Latterday Saint colonies were later established.

In 1878, Elder Ivins performed a mission among the Navajo and Pueblo Indians in Arizona and New Mexico, winning their abiding confidence and respect. On this mission he was

accompanied by Erastus B. Snow.

Returning to St. George, he was chosen president of the

Y. M. M. I. A. of the Fourth ward, and later of all the wards

consolidated, and then stake superintendent. He served as a

member of the High Council at St. George, being chosen to that

position in 1881. Later, in 1888, he was made the counselor to

President Daniel D. McArthur in that stake, which position he

occupied until 1895.

On December 9, of that year, he was chosen president of the Juarez stake, in Mexico, removing to that country and being a leading spirit in the establishment of the colonies of the Latter-day Saints in that land. Ever since that time, under all the

difficulties through which the Mexican Saints have passed, he 270 IMPROVEMENT ERA

has been their close friend and adviser, taking a live interest in their welfare under every condition. In that country he established, and for a number of years was general manager of, the

Mexican Colonization and Agricultural Company.

He is one of the people, and has been an indefatigable worker for the Church, and particularly for the members of the

Church, wherever he has resided. Perhaps no other man in the

Council of Twelve Apostles has been so near the people—young

Ivins.and old—as Elder

He loves animals, and is especially an admirer of horses.

He delights in clean, square sport, takes unbounded pleasure in hunting, fishing, and games, and the thousand glories of God's great outof-doors.

He has occupied civil and political offices from precinct constable to city and county prosecuting attorney in St. George,

as well as assessor and collector of the county. He acted also

as sheriff of Washington county, and, in 1894, was a member of the Territorial legislature, and the following year, a member of the Utah State Constitutional Convention, in which his experience among the people and his practical intelligence were great aids in the formation of our present state constitution.

His experience with the Red men is extensive. He has

their complete confidence. He secured the first appropriation

for the benefit of the Shebit Indians, and was later appointed

Government Indian Agent for them, acting for two years.

His experience as a rancher and pioneer extended over a period of many years in southern Utah and northern Arizona, and the readers of the Era are not unfamiliar with his very interesting stories that have appeared from time time under the that are brimhead, "Traveling Over Forgotten Trails"—articles

ming full of human interest, and illustrate with deep feeling the difficulties, incidents and trials of the pioneers who opened southern Utah and northern Arizona to civilization.

As a public speaker, Elder Ivins is among the best in the

Church. His sermons are always full of careful thought, and

overflowing with the spirit of love, testimony of the gospel, and consideration, sympathy and help for the people. He is safe

and sound in doctrine, and full of love for God's great Latterday work.

His life has been one of hardship, toil, and pioneer struggle, which has made him appear stern on the surface, but underneath the crust of seeming austerity there beats in the bosom of

Anthony W. Ivins one of the biggest, best, most sympathetic and

noble hearts that has ever throbbed in the breast of man. When

the boys become acquainted with him, they cannot help but love and respect him.

His life of rich experiences comes as a great and welcome

EDITORS'TABLE 271

contribution to the Y. M. M. I. A. Under his leadership, aided

by his able assistants, our organization will move forward with increased impetus to its goals of achievement. A.

Messages from the Missions

Greetings from England

Elder Orial L. Anderson, conference president, Norwich Conference,

England, writes under date of November 13, 1918: "The Era is very

much appreciated by the elders, Saints and friends of this conference.

Through the honorable secretary it has been placed in the Y. M. C. A.,

where thousands of soldiers have had free access to it. The people are

overjoyed with the recent happenings and are very thankful that the great world conflict has ceased. We are anxiously looking forward to the arrival

of elders from Zion to assist in the now necessary reorganization and carrying on of the work in greater force. We feel that the Lord is very

merciful in granting us health, while sickness and disease surround us on every hand. Through the pages of the Era we send greetings to our

fellow workers in every part of the Master's vineyard."

Era Adds Force and Efficiency to Mission Work

C. H. Tingey, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, writes, August 2: "I

have recently had the privilege of visiting the most remote branch of the

Church in this mission, composed of staunch, active, Godfearing Saints, despite their one thousand miles of separation from the next nearest branch.

They are subscribers to the Era, and requested me to notify your office that due to the time required in corresponding at such distance regarding renewals of subscriptions, you automatically place all renewals without further notice and forward statement to them. The Era is a welcome guest in the

homes of the Saints and our friends in this land. So also are the publications by the other auxiliary organizations, all of which add force and efficiency to the Church missionary system throughout the world. Hoping and

praying for the continued success of the Improvement Era, 'the little shotgun,'I am your brother, C. H. Tingey."

A Remarkable Convert Elder Arthur D. Taylor, Secretary of the Australian Mission, writes, May

28, in regard to Brother Augustus G. H. Graham, a remarkable old gentleman now in his seventyseventh year, and who is an ardent lover of freedom, for which and peace he has fought the greater part of his life. Elder

Taylor gives the following items from the history of this wonderful life which has finally sought peace in the Rock of Refuge:

"This is a snapshot of Augustus G. H. Graham standing by myself.

He is a most remarkable old gentleman, now at the ripe age of seventyseven. He has been an ardent lover of freedom, and has fought to establish

truth and peace the greater part of his life. The following from his history

may prove interesting to you. Born in France, 1841. His recollections as a

child was the French Revolution of 1848, when he saw the streets of Paris running with blood. He was taken to England, where he lived with his

Uncle George Cottam. He grew restless at the age of eighteen, and joined

the British army. At twenty his regiment was sent from Kingstown, Ireland,

272 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to Canada, where he went over the ground where General Wolf and his troops took their 6tand on the Heights of Abraham. The Civil War had

been on for two years, and he and his mate crossed Lake Ontario at great risk. He was in New York only fortyeight hours before he enlisted in the

Fortyfirst New York State Volunteers. Two months later he was on the

firing line. He was at most of the historic places of the Civil War and

fought in some of the battles. In 1870 he enlisted in the United States

navy and cruised under the Stars and Stipes to the South American republics and many African ports. Receiving an honoiable discharge from Uncle

Sam, and with a desire to see mother and friends, he set sail for England.

To his disappointment, he was told by friends in England that his people had left some time previously for Australia. He followed them, and finally

found them in this city, which has been his home ever since. His mother

died, reverses came in business, old age and discouragement came upon him, and he was living in an attic of one of the boardinghouses Ln my district when I delivered him a tract. He arswered

the door, and when I looked down upon the graybearded old gentleman, the most peculiar feeling I ever experienced in the mission field came over me and told me to take an interest in him. He was discouraged and had nothing to hope

or live for, but said that he was praying and trying to prepare himself to meet his Maker. I instructed him in the gospel for

seven months, when he applied for baptism, and from that day to this he has been a happy man. He

says he has done the will of the

Lord, and he knows that he belongs to the true Church of Christ, and is not afraid now to take his journey to the Great Beyond.

He has a wonderful memory and bears testimony that the American continent is truly the land of Zion, and his eyes fairly twinkle with joy when he talks about Uncle Sam.

"He came from good parentage, his great grandfather, Sir Reginald Graham being knighted by Charles I, King of England, for valiant service.

The Era is one of his best friends and has been a great aid in teaching him the gospel.

"The elders throughout the mission are all well. The record number of

baptisms thus far this year is proof of the splendid effort put forth by them.

One sister, a member of the Reorganized Church for seventeen years, was baptized on the 6th of ApriL accepting, as she stated, the "true authority."

"Elder William C. Heckmann, who for nineteen months has faithfully

labored as mission secretary, was released from his office labors on April 25, and has resumed his work in th; Victorian conference at Melbourne.

Elder Arthur D. Taylor was appointed to fill the vacancy. The Lord is

blessing thu Australian mission. May he grant strength unto the Latterday

Saints to live good wholesome lives, in these times of peril, that we may literally become an ensign to the world, that by seeing our good works, people may be led to glorify our Father in heaven."

'S HJALWOUK

Efficiency Reports

Conditions still remain unfavorable to the opening of our Mutual Improvement organizations throughout the Church. We have received reports

from a number of the stakes, including Kanab, Boise, Tintic, Moapa and Pocatello. Kanab has 10 on the Era, which means the full quota, and other stakes

have done well in soliciting subscriptions by telephone, by letter and in other ways. It is suggested that this means also be employed in the matter of obtaining the Fund, so that we may have sufficient means when the

associations do open, and public gatherings are permitted, to prosecute our work successfully.

M. I. A. Activities

Attention officers! Owing to the shortening of the season, because of

the influenza quarantine, the Joint Activities Committee of the General

Boards, makes the following new ruling: That in stakes where meetings

begin in January, recognition be given by stake boards to wards when the wards have earned the required points in activities for two of the remaining months; that where health conditions prevent the beginning of the work

until February, recognition be given for necessary points scored during one month. This recognition may be made by the awarding of the pennant, or

in any other form the stake desires. All points scored in any event, including reading course, and War Savings Stamps, prior to date of opening,

may be credited on the report of the opening month. For rule on scoring

of points, see convention circulars, 1918.

"Our Kind of Vocational Guidance"

The Mutual Improvement Associations have had a department of vocation and industry, organized by the General Board in the summer of 1912.

We have some two hundred vocation counselors, but should have at least eight hundred, one in each ward of the Church. This work is new, not

only among the organizations of our Church, but in our country. During

the past six years considerable effort has been put forth by the vocational committee, and while the headway has not been as satisfactory as one might expect, it is still quite encouraging to the workers. The importance of

vocational guidance none will deny, but some are skeptical and therefore do not engage in the work earnestly.

Melvin Wilson, superintendent of the Nebo stake, who took a summer course in vocational guidance in connection with his educational labors at the University of Chicago, the past summer, was asked by his professor to give a thesis on what was being done by the Y. M. M. I. A. in this line, and

how it was being done, the whole to be a contribution to the general work in this growing field. Professor Wilson was asked to write a term paper

on the subject, and hence sought what information he could obtain from the vocational guidance committee of the Y. M. M. I. A. This was gladly

furnished, and in acknowledging the receipt of this literature he wrote:

"I am preparing my paper on The Church as a Factor in Vocational

Guidance. The more I get into the work of what we are doing in this field

274 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and what has been done in the United States, I do not think that our work was equaled elsewhere. Nowhere outside of Boston has anything been attempted on as large a scale as we were doing it, and in numbers reached,

of course, not even there. In the light of the course I am taking with Dr.

Leavitt of Pittsburg, one of the pioneers in the field, I am much more in sympathy with our kind of vocational guidance than I have been before.

In fact, I have been skeptical of it before, but now that I see the theory of it, I can go at it with much more earnestness. I shall present the subject

to the best of my ability, and with pleasure to the doctor as a contribution to this growing field."

Seven Suggestions on What Y. M. M. I. A. Officers Can Do Now

1. By telephone or letter, officers and members may be encouraged

to buy and read the books of the reading course. The Voice of Warning

especially should be read by all. It is interesting, and very profitable,

reading during these days of sickness and sorrow.

2. Our manuals, both junior and senior, and also the advanced senior

lessons in the Improvement Era, could be read and studied by members of the association. A complete reading of the manuals will not only assist

the members in making a good record, but will also strengthen the class work. 3. Leading officers should check on organization. Where any vacancies

have occurred, they should be filled, so that our work will not receive any further delay.

4. Have interesting programs prepared and class teachers ready. When

health conditions permit, take up the work at once where you left it. With

united, energetic effort we will accomplish much before the season of our summer work begins.

5. Write us and let the General Office know how we may best serve

you. It appears now that we may be able to resume our work during

January, February and March. Let us go at our duties with spirit, and a

determination to accomplish the greatest amount of work during this remaining part of the season.

6. Salt Lake stake is nearly "over the top"on canvass for the Improvement Era. Are you? They have had sickness, but with careful, persistent

following up, the work has been accomplished, and many homes are now enjoying this Church magazine with its inspiration and blessing.

7. Definite, upto-theminute plans should be perfected for the obtaining of 100 per cent General Fund. Is your ward ready? Is your stake

ready? Will your contributions be among the first to reach the general

office? We must not fail to give our oign.nization the necessary financial

support. The help each ward gives makes possible the great work of the

Y. M. M. I. A. We are depending upon you to perform your part.

During the long period of quarantine, members of the General Board have been perfecting plans for a bigger and better Y. M. M. I. A. There is

a great mission before us. This is the Lord's work, but let each man do his

part well, and the Lord will then bless and help us.

Oscar A. Kirkham, Field Secretary.

A Special Time of Fasting and Prayer

By the Latterday Saints, as families in their respective homes, was designated by the First Presidency for Sunday afternoon, Dec. 22, 1918, "for the

arrest and speedy suppression bv Divine power of the desolating scourge that is passing over the earth."During the month many were afflicted, and

death claimed an unusual number of the people.

The transAtlantic cables were taken over by the U. S. Government on

December 1, against the protest of the cable companies.

Official German and Turkish statistics give the number of Armenians deported from their homes as 3,094,350, of whom 1,054,550 were later murdered.

Demobilization of the American Army, in the home cantonments, went on apace during December. Large numbers of soldiers were dismissed and

returned to their homes.

The first returning American troops landed in New York on the Mouretania on December 1st. They numbered 4,069, the majority being members

of the Aero squadron. On the 16th, 9,000 returning soldiers landed in New

York, from the Leviathan.

Relations between Chile and Peru were greatly strained during November and early December, the trouble being the demand of Peru on Chile to return the provinces Tacna and Arica which Chile took after the war of 1879, and which the Peruvians say have always wanted to be restored to their own country.

American Army casualties up to Dec. 1, 1918, show a total of 262,693

exclusive of prisoners. It is semiofficially stated that the total number of

deaths in the armies of the nations during the war approximate ten millions.

In the twelve leading nations involved there were 58,514,700 men in arms, and a total of casualties of 24,536,108.

The extradition of the former Kaiser from Holland was seriously considered by the allied governments. On December 16 it was reported that

Mr. William Hohenzollern, former German Autocrat, had refused to leave

Holland, notwithstanding it had been officially called to his attention that his continued presence was likely to involve the country in serious difficulties.

Bryon F. Crookston, 3rd Detachment, 10th Engineers, "Forest"American Expeditionary Forces, France, writes from France, October 12, renewing his subscription for the Era, and says, "I enjoy the magazine a great

deal and read it from cover to cover. A short time ago I had the pleasure

of hearing Chaplain B. H. Roberts preach in Sunday School, at the Camp of

the Utah Artillery. I was lucky enough to get a chance to go there and

visit my brothers and friends. I met many of the boys from home that I

had not seen since I joined the army. It was like going home. I have been

down here in the timber for almost a year."

Stephen C. Marchant, writing from St. Mai, France, member of the 3rd

Company, 20th Engineers Forestry) A. E. F., says to a friend in this city,

among other things, "Conditions are changed here somewhat. The French

people were wondering some months ago if they could hold out until the Americans could come. Now the question is: 'How long can the

Huns hold out?'"His letter was dated November 1, and the answer to this

question came ten days later. He says, further: "I send you our paper,

Jusqua Bout. I hope you will appreciate it, because it is edited by on|e

of our boys from Utah, Mr. Robert Major, of Ogden, Utah. He and 1 are

276 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the only Utah boys in the company, so yon see we are interested in each other; but say, we have some fine boys with us from other states."

Justice Wm. M. McCarty, of the Supreme Court of Utah, died at his

home in Salt Lake City, December 19, 1918, of pneumonia. He was born

May 15, 1859, at Alpine, Utah, and was the son of James Hardwick McCarty, of Kentucky, who came from Indiana to Utah, in 1854: his mother was

Lydia Margaret CragunMcCarty, who was born at Nauvoo, and came to

Utah in 1852. Judge McCarty received his education in the public schools

of Utah, and in the Brigham Young Academy in 1881-2. He studied law

first while freighting between Utah points and the Nevada mines, began the practice of law early and had been on the supreme bench since 1902, and had twice served twoyear periods as chief justice and was about to enter upon his third term. Before being elected to the supreme court

bench, he served as judge of the Sixth judicial district at Richfield. His

wife, Lovina Murray McCarty, and four children survive him.

President Woodrow Wilson sailed for France December 4, on the

United States steamship, George Washington, which bore the presidential pjrty. As the ship steamed from its pier, there was a rousing farewell

from both shores of the North River which were lined solid with cheer in? humanity, a striking testimony to a great man by a nation whose safety

rests in his hands. By wireless, he kept in communication with Washington on the trip over. He arrived in Brest on the afternoon of December

13, amid a demonstration of popular enthusiasm. He made his entrance into

Paris at 10:15 a. m. on the 14th, being greeted with a salvo of artillery

in salute. The city made a vast fete of the President's coming. President

and Madame Poincare gave a dinner at the Palace de la Elysee in honor of

President and Mrs. Wilson. President Wilson attended church twice on

Sunday 15th, visited the tomb of LaFayette, placing on it a wreath, bowing his head as he did so, standing in silence with no speech whatsoever.

France generally recognizes that the coming of our American president is to hasten the dawn of final peace. He will perhaps not sit in the peace

council himself, but his presence in the land will have its effect for good. The delegation who will represent America in the peace settlement,

are Secretary Lansing, Col. House, General Tasker H. Bliss, and Mr.

Henry White.

Germany's surrendered Navy—the high seas fleet—"crept meekly into

custody"of the Allied grand fleet, on November 21, 1918, "out of the mist"at 9:30 o'clock, thirty miles east of May Island, off the coast of Scotland,

whence the ships were conveyed to the Firth of Forth. No nation of such

proud rank has suffered such humiliation, we read in the Literary Digest, as this defeat at a "bloodless Trafalgar,"when the British fleet, accompanied by units of the French and American navies, occupying a stretch of water forty miles long and six wide, received the submission of thirteen German battleships and battlecruisers, six light cruisers and fifty destroyers, manned by 14,000 officers and men, under Admiral Meurer. "Der Tag"is here, we

read, "and this day there lies in the Firth of Forth, 224,151 tons of German battleships, 121,800 tons of German battlecruisers, and 18,000 tons of Gerall, 364,751 tons of the finest ships of what was onceman light cruisers—in

the Germany Navy, the pride of the Kaiser. It is not expected that Germany will recover her surrendered ships, her colonies in all parts of the

world are gone, her foreign trade is only a memory, and her merchant marine is no more than a nucleus."The great naval and commercial fabric,

raised with vast expenditure of gold and toil, "lies prostrate and dismantled."The New York Times is quoted as saying, "regarded merely as a

spectacle of arrogant ambition brought low, the fall of the German Navy from its great eminence is a national tragedy for which no parallel can be found in history."

|iniiuiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiuiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiii mill mm mini i imiiiiiiiiiiinn iiiiiiiiiiiiminiiiiiim Mime

I I RECONSTRUCTION

To Construct Requires Greater Training Than to Destroy

The Utah Agricultural College

Will Train You to Become the Productive Citizens that 1

Utah Now Needs

STUDY THE FOLLOWING LIST

DECIDE WHAT YOU WANT TO BECOME

Practical Farmer Gas engine expert 1 Stockraiser Farm tractor operator | Soils expert Draftsman Crops expert Surveyor Dairy expert Teacher s Buttermaker Chemist Cheesemaker Physicist Animal husbandman Electrician Poultry husbandman Public health expert

Agricultural engineer Expert accountant | Irrigation engineer Bookkeeper

Drainage engineer Business administrator

Architect Stenographer and Typewriter 1 1 Expert machinist Office manager | | Iron worker Merchant | Foundry man Banker | Cabinet worker Advertising expert

Contractor and builder Expert in Physical Education i

Auto mechanic Army officer THESE COURSES START WITH THE OPENING OF

THE WINTER QUARTER, DECEMBER 30

For complete Catalog describing the 149 New Courses to be offered, address THE PRESIDENT'S OFFICE,

Utah Agricultural College, Logan, Utah

i I?, mimmiiiiiimiimimiimmimmimmimmiiiimiimiimmm iimmiiiiiimmmmmmmmmmiimmii uiiiiiiimii 11 iimiiiiiimi minimum;

HIHHIHHHHH Illlllllll HIIIIII lit Illlllllllllllllll I II >> I Illl 111! I] II II II [I I MIIIIIIMI Illll HI Hill HI IIIIIIIHIIIIHHIIIII>=

ateiMipaiii

The MEMORIAL MONUMENT of Joseph Smith the Prophet is made of

Dark Barre Granite. It is the largest and

finest specimen of that stone, all polished, in America. It was furnished by the

BOUTWELL, MILNE & VARNUM CO.,

Montpelier, Vt.

The many thousands of visitors that have seen it are unanimous in their admiration of the superb material and workmanship.

rJIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIHIIIIHHIIIIIIII Illllll IIIIIIIIHIIIIIII I HIIIIII Illlllllllllllllll Illlllllll 1111111111111111111111111111111?

uuitimiiiiiiin i in mil m miiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiini nun mm mi mini iiiiimi iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimiimmiP.

The Joseph Smith Monument, Sharon, Vermont, the day of its dedication, December 23, 1905.

F.miuiiiMiimiiiiiiiiiiimimiimimmmimiim u mm miimmmi mmmmmmmm urn unimmmmmmmmmmm immiuinii?

-in Jim iiililiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniii i ii iiiiii i 1 iimi ii 11 1[ i utiii 11 iiiiiiiiimiiin iiiiillllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllll inline liiiimmiiiiiliiiilllU

Inc. MARR & GORDON,

BARRE, VERMONT

HIS view of a part of the interior of Marr &

Gordon's great stone cutting shop shows the shaft of the Hyrum Smith Monument just before it was finished. This shed is over 450

feet long and is fully equipped with machinery to manufacture the largest and finest monuments thaj can be made out of granite.

When you order monuments from your local dealer just specify Barre Granite

Marr & Gordon workmanship, and you will get the best that is made.

%iuuiminniiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiuiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinitiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i iitu iiiiiimiiiiiimiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiii iiiniiiiiiifc

Joseph Smith as Every L. D. S. Scientist

By Dr. John A. Widtsos

Family One of the best scientific expositions of the teachings of the Prophet Joseph

Should have the L. D. S. Smith jet published.

FAMILY RECORD BOOK, ClothPaper BindingBinding 75c25c in which to enter their genSend Orders to MORONI SNOW,

General Secretary, ealogies and important events 2022 Bishop's Bldg., Salt Lake City

in the life of each member of the family; also the approved Telephone, w*nuh m

form of FAMILY RECORD Jos. Wm. Taylor OF TEMPLE WORK FOR

THE DEAD; $1.25 eaeh at Utah's Leading Undertaker

and Licensed Embalmer

Fine k uneral Chapel, Private Parlor,

Show Rooms and Morgue Deseret News Book

OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIGHT Store 21, 23 and 25 Sonth West Temple Street 6 Main St., Salt Lake City SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

In this time of sacrifice and economy, the most appropriate gift for

Every Sympathy Is Grateful it doesn't sorrowing. But you'reWhen is full Occasion policy insurancepay bills. An

of the right sort of sympathy when IS A GOOD BOOKyour property is destroyed. And no

one should neglect to secure protection against such a contingency. We giveyou the maximum of insurance at rrr'n- Sxxnd&y School

lmum of cost. Let us quote you rates. Union

BOOK STORE,Hop Fire Insurance Go. of Utah 44*East on 6 o.Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street

"Keep Money at Home.'* iSSL

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you if you live

MILLION Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time yot. are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Joteph F. Smith, President Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorer-o N. Stohl.VicePret. & Mr.

The War Has Awakened New Love For Music

It is a solace to those whose loved ones are still over there, a comfort to the home folks whose boys are coming back.

Music is so essential to the home. Let the family enjoyit. Buy a eOLUMBIA GRAFOIVOLA

Cash 1fe1f\{\ US tylUU. $8 a Month

IT IS THE YEAR AROUND ENTERTAINER

IJ:iyiie.s-Beebe Music Co.

Sail Lake City, Utah.

Please send Catalogues of Grafonolas and Records, prices and terms.

Name

Address

Sbayfl&i-SBeek

I. Era

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA