mprovemenf

APRIL, 1930

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

The Lifted Ensign Orson F. Whitney

The Supreme Religious Differential

Rudger Clawson

of M. I. A.—Builders

Youth

George Albert Smith

Economic Aspects of L. D.

S. Achievements

Stephen L. Richards

Achievements of the Church in Education Richard R. Lyman

Home on the Peter Whitmer Farm,

Site of the Organization of the L. D. S. Church,

April 6, 1830.

..

That Even the costliest oils form more carbon. A sample of

this oil, when burned, left more than three times as much. as Shell Motor Oil Buick ofyours

equal sample Shell of Give it longer life... smoother running.. An

only this small Oil left Motor fraction of carbon—and it is

with an oil that forms no hard carbon soft carbon, not the hard, gritty, damaging kind

Count the Buicks and you know how many satisfied Buick owners there are! Hundreds of thousands...

and almost never a complaint.

You don't mind taking care of a car that gives you such service. And

here is a point about Buicks that many owners have learned: They buy a motor

oil that is more than just a lubricant.

All oils form carbon when they burn. Some leave much less than others... and of a different sort. Shell

Motor Oil actually forms only 1/3 to 1/5 as much carbon as even the costliest oils you can buy. The little it does

form is soft, fluffy soot that can blow easily away with the exhaust gases.

Absolutely no hard, gritty carbon.

Buicks that use Shell Motor Oil have less carbon trouble. No valves

held open to burn and to waste power.

No disturbing "carbon knocks."No

rapid wear from chafing, grinding carbon chips.

You have a car of wonderful stamina. Give it this equally fine motor oil

whenever you fill the crankcase. Such a

car deserves protection from hard carbon.

SHELL MOTOR OIL The proper grade for all Buicks is Shell Motor Oil "C"

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 369

or a week for a day have Whether you get when you been away.. instantly. of you'll hot water.... back have an abundance home

It makes the home truly modern!

nstant HOT WATER with a

Automatic Water Heater Real luxury at an economy price! That's Natural Gas water

heating service. No waiting... no delay when you want hot

water. It's there... the instant you turn the faucet. The

source of it is a neat tank and a clean Natural Gas flame, automatically regulated to keep the water at the desired temperature. When the water is hot enough the gas is shut

down... automatically. Saves time. Saves bother. Saves

fuel!

We have Natural Gas water heaters—either instantaneous or storage type—to suit every

requirement. Come and see them.

Natural Gas also "does it better"for househeating, cooking, sanitary incineration and automatic refrigeration. Any Natural Gas appliance will be installed in your home for a small

down payment, balance on convenient monthly terms. Call

in or phone for further details. And prepare now to enjoy

modern hot water service in your home this spring.

mQGOf* LAvroTT* 'Co. Wasatch IKAVSVILlCUtah CITY—SALT \ LAKE MAINGasCompany 1300 GasMAIN 45 SOUTH PHONE& CokeWASATCH 45 SOUTH

FARMtNG"n>"3QO / wa$atch PHmt Salt City Serving Serving IcENTtRvmj/foOfNT/PULX KAYSV\lLE(,BranckOjrwe)PtioneKatfsville200

LAKE Cnw GARFIELDstAGNA—TSALl CENTERVILLE FAftMINGTON BOUNTIFUL LAYTON"MAGNA GasOgden 174 CakeCompanyST. 4I4 TOOELE--GARriLDMUnRAV(BranckQfice)PkorieMurray583 -PHONE TWENTYFOURTH 1IDVAL r TOOELEi SANO>

Serving Ogden MIDVALE -SANDY370 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

DAYNES BEEBE MUSIC COMPANY—Older Than the State of Utah

KIMBALL KIMBALL MADE MADE GHANDS LLI IGIITX And Up And Up Terms Terms Consistent Monthly, With Quarterly, Safety SemiGenerously Annually,

Extended Annually

—More Endorsed KIMBALL And PIANOS Used Manufactured By Artists And Sold Of Than Any National Other Make And In The International World Renown

LOUIS XVI

MODEL KIMBALL PIANOS No instrument has brought more joyous pleasure to the American home than a fine piano. The beauty of the Kimball models in tone and design carries an especial

appeal to those who love elegance and distinction.

All the Sheet Music Leading Records 61-3-5 MAwE Musical Radio JOStPtlJDAYrtES '*- Instruments R. THANPRESIDENT Models TOL.DE THE STATECAPITALOF*7,000,000UTAH

MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY EXECUTED

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 371

O R ECA8T Shortly after this issue of the The Improveiimeet Era

Era comes into the hands of our readers the general conference, Heber J. Grant

commemorating the one hundredth Hugh J. Cannon Editor Elsie T. Brandley

anniversary of the organization of Managing Editor Associate Editor the Church, will be held. April 6, Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

1930, will be a notable date in our Business Manager Associate Business Manager history. The general conferences RachelGeorge GrantQ. MorrisTaylor

are always instructive. This is Chairman Finance and Publications

certain to be outstandingly inspirational.

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Following the excellent articles

Schools Associations and the of the Church of Jesus Christ in the April of some number by Latterday Saints ofthe general authorities others, and the May issue will contain contributions from all the others of our CONTENTS leaders. Title Page

f i i Editorial A Marvelous Work Hugh J. Cannon 373

The First Presidency of the April and the Eastertide Elsie Talmage Brandley 374

Church will have a message of imThe Lifted Ensign—A Call to Israel. A Dramatic Poem

F. Orson Whitney 375portance, will point which the way

Rolled The Stone Was L. Away D. Stearns 379to eternal all life to who sincerely Priesthood. Religious Differential Supreme The Clawson Rudgec 380

and humbly seek it. The Heavenly Gift. A Poem Ruth May Fox 3 81

Another Utah Man Honored Robert L. Judd 383

From the Green Mountain to the Rockies John D. Giles 3 85

Needs Mrs. My Nestor Noel 387 patriotism of this people, The

3 The of Youth Albert 88 George Smith M. I. A.—Builders their loyalty to the country and its If Winter Comes 3 Margaret C. Moloney 90

government, their response to every Poetry 391 call which has been made upon Resurrection Linda S. Fletcher

them will prove interesting and Mood Bertha Roberts "La Paloma"On Hearing Fae Decker Dix profitable reading. Likewise the Christ is Risen Claire Stewart Boyer

story of our temple building and Spring Claire Stewart Boyer the sacrifices made to carry out the Sonnet Clive Lovett Cleaves command of the Almighty, by doIt Is Raining l Mary M. Porter

ing in these sacred buildings the EconomicMorningAspectsSongof L. D. S. Achievements ShirleyStephenRei GudmundsenL. Richards 392

personal and vicarious work necesCalifornia Poppies. Mary C. Shaw 393

sary for salvation, will be of inIdeals and Early Achievements of the Church in Education terest. Dr. Richard R. Lyman 3 94

The Contagion 397 Mary M. Porter are Schools Sunday Our said by

Story Out of the Burning—Chapterof Attitude Five. A Continued outside the people Churchmany Ivy Stone 3 98 Williams

to be the best in the world. Spiritual Philosophy Bennion A 400 com- A of Life—V Dean Milton

Easter Symbols activitheir and Customs Stearns ofprehensive 402 L. D. account

ties will be presented. The Seventy Rulon S. Wells 403

I Stand Upon a Mountain Angelyn Warnick 406 the Debunkers Debunking Gates 407 Young ". Susa Glory. Her Day of E. Benson 409 Anna A Storyof the Scriptures

What is your idea of the New Mutual Work

Executive Department 410Jerusalem? forthcoming A June Conference arThe 410

create interestticle will not only of Interest Lagging 410 No but will at the same time answer Community Activity Department 410 some of the questions concerning Gold and Green Balls 410 the establishment of that long preCourse of Study 412 417 Recreation—IVdicted city. HomeInterior Decoration -Glenn J. Beeley No account of Church achieveSubconscious Hears the Cackle Margaret C. Moloney 419426

ments would be complete without The "Good English"Teapot.Edith Cherrington 428

considerable space being given to My Border of Felicia Mary C. Shaw 429

our missionary work. An article Spring's Coming; L. D. Stearns 448

on this subject, written by one who has spent many years in the Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

at special rate for mailing postage Acceptance of provided for in section 1 103,field, will be presented.

authorized Act 2, of October, July 1917, 1918.

Patriarchal blessings are original with this Church—at least the sideredManuscriptsfree contributions.submitted withoutPhotographs,the statement,unless "Attheir usualreturnrates,"is especiallyare conidea was taken from no modern requested, will be destroyed.

institution. What these blessings Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

mean to the Latterday Saints will $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

be told by one in authority.

372 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

says: The Brick Man

As a trade character, I have become familiarly known to many in this Intermountain territory. I am recognized as a representative of

burned clay products and a symbol of quality, strength and durability.

My photograph has been reproduced in a number of leading trade journals throughout the country whose editors have also given me favorable commendation.

I have even carried my message across the broad Atlantic to London, England, where my likeness has appeared in print.

To have been able to advocate the desirable qualities of burned clay products to my distant neighbors has been a great pleasure, but my heart is here. I am a UTAH PRODUCT and it is

my earnest and constant desire to be of genuine service to the people of my home state whose past loyalty and confidence have been an invaluable asset.

I, therefore, extend a cordial invitation to all those who may be contemplating a visit to Salt

Lake City to attend the spring conference of the L. D. S. Church, to visit me and inspect the

products which I have the honor to represent and upon the happy and auspicious occasion of the Centennial Anniversary of this Church, I offer hearty and sincere congratulations.

THE SALT LAKE

PRESSED BRICK COMPANY Sales and Display Office -319 Kearns Bldg.

Manufacturing Plant—3180 South 11th East

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone Wasatch 951

Marvelous Work A By HUGH J. CANNON

months before the organization of carried out and people of different nationalities weldFOURTEEN the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday- ed together in the face of mob violence, the death of miles leader, their of a thousand march an appalling Saints, what he Joseph Smith made known it is desert, strange that is so into an unknown is revelation high, wherein on fromclaimed was a found the declaration that a marvelous work was startling.

ordi- a of devising system temples Building and children the of men. forthabout to come among for the therein, baptizing to be nances performed surrounded circumstances him the which Viewing

eterto be covenant marriage dead, that the teaching his birthday, time,at the past his twentythird barely until period for a longer than performed nal be must limited education, for lack opportunitiespoverty, of all part are relationship, severs important an the affairs, in disdeath already the world'sacquaintance with not Jesus Christ were borrowed of the of Gospel and aroused ridicule the oppositionrepute because of and age. institution of this any from statements, can hardly his one of formerby some people ideas peculiar the Neither were held by this fulfillment. less likely prediction a ofconceive of

offerings, fast Sacrathe tithing, Priesthood, on is there light anything maron its history of the In ment or ward teaching.velous about the work which, under such unpropitious circumstances, had its birth April 6, io3u? Second, its Persistency. The Church has met

Out of the multitude of reasons for answering storms of opposition, the like of which have hardly this question affirmatively, the following two are been seen in this civilized age. These periods of

suggested for consideration: stress have passed and been followed by smiling skies,

First, its originality. "Mormonsim"is not the then more storms and sunshine again; but through

outgrowth of anything else. This statement is made it all the Church has gone serenely forward, its memin face of the fact that it was recently described by a bers filled with the calm assurance that the Helmsnewspaper writer as a "hodge podge of ancient mythman would bring it safely through every danger.

ology, Mohammedanism and Judaism with a thin There have been occasional mutinies of a more or veneer of Christianity."less serious nature. The modern Gospel net was not

Its conception of Deity, while strictly in accord unlike that of ancient times and gathered in all kinds with ancient descriptions of the Father and the Son, of fish. But unfortunate as were these apostacies

is wholly different from anything else in the world they had no permanent effect upon the main body of today. except to hold glowingly before the eyes of faithful

Can anything this side of ancient Christian hisones the importance of remaining true, for they were tory be found after which Joseph Smith could have able to see the spiritual darkness and mental unrest, patterned the Church organization? It has always amounting in some cases to actual despair, of their

evoked wonder, and yet only a few years ago critics former associates.

said it was not more perfect than the German army. The roots of this system were so imbedded in firm,

But the organization claiming Christ as its originator unyielding soil that it has remained unshaken for a has endured, growing in virility with each year, while century. Mob fury, the injustice of corrupt or prethe manmade German army is no more. judiced officials, the unwillingness of the president

No one can accuse Joseph Smith of having modeled of the United States to redress wrongs, persecution, the Word of Wisdom after any other document or ridicule, loss of friends, all have proved unavailing.

practice, ancient or modern. In his day the word Was it a "happy accident"that men were found

temperance was almost unknown and total abstinence who could carry the work forward without loss of from the use of liquor unthought of as a principle efficiency when through death a reorganization of which could be generally practiced, while tea, coffee leading quorums was necessary? That Joseph Smith

and tobacco were usually considered harmless. could hold his people together was a miracle. One

The missionary system of the Church was and still vividly imaginative might say that the coming of remains unlike anything else in the world. Brigham Young at the crucial hour was a coincidence.

The "gathering"of its members from the four But these "happy accidents"have now become a habquarters of the earth was not an idea gleaned from it. Men or storms or sunshine may come and go, but

any other existing group. That it should be thought "Mormonism"goes steadily onward, without haste

of at all is surprising; that it could be successfully or rest.

April and the Eastertide By ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY

puzzlings dint again, of and and by of the myth up the idea nineteen hundred and thirty years * * * anywhere. Jesus never that born concluded wasTHROUGH comparisons

of peace and war, prosperity and adversity, And still Christ is not yet expelled from the earth either by faith and apostasy, darkness and light, the the ravages of time, or by the efforts of men. His memory is

celebration of Easter has come down to us. It is one everywhere:the tops of belltowerson the wallsandof ofthemountains.churches and* * the* Takeschools,awayon

of the truly significant occasions on the calendar, the frescoes from the churches, carry off the pictures from the

Christmas being the only other one of equal import. altars and from the houses, and the life of Christ fills museums

missals, galleries. breviaries and picture and and away Throw lilies candles and lowtoned glowingIn churches and

all literature. the find in of his his words books and name you in nature spirit the of the time; bespeak notesorgan * * Jesus, talked * Caesar in his than about time and was more

the renewal of plant life, thawing of icebound waters Plato taught more science than Christ. People still discuss

and return of the birds to old haunts suggest rejuvethe Roman ruler and the Greek philosopher, but who nowadays is are the Cassar him; and hotly for or against where now partake everywhere Peoplenation and awakening.

Platonists antiPlatonists? the and divide and halffestive atmosphere the halfsolemn,of is still us. contrary, are the living Christ, There on among

their attention between filling baskets and the listenstill people who love him and who hate him. * * * The fury

ing with reverently bowed heads to the beautiful of so many against him is a proof that he is not dead. The

his ideas themselves devote to denying very people and his who nature land. All the to be heard throughoutmusic

their existence lives in bringing pass to memory. his name called are processes of nature's the resumptionand Christ.) of Life (Papini's

into notice, and from them much of spiritual assurance is deduced. Easter is the glowing promise that If the people of the world have within themselves

though we die, yet shall we live again! reason to believe in the divinity of Christ, how much

greater the reason Saints, Latterday have have who sleep of after the deathlike of spring return The called because winter; been out world of the of greater knowlcorpse-like the into caterpillar the crawling of passingthe

chrysalis, and the subsequent emergence of the winged butterfly; edge. The prophet Joseph Smith in our own time,

the coming forth of a living bird from the tomblike recess of saw the resurrected Redeemer, and because of the have processes of development natural other these andthe egg; evidences divine of Joseph's calling, we know is many resurrection. of them Each the of as illustrative usedbeen the truth that this in declaring that he spoke only there been has of instance awakening such indefective, for no

an actual death. If the tree die, it will not resume its leafage vision had come to him. The recent and unquestionwith the return of the sun; if the pupa within the chrysalis, able testimony we have of the Savior is of such power

or the life germ within the egg be killed, no butterfly or biid as to change our whole lives, if we will but accept of illustrations figurative in suchwill emerge. we indulge When the its influence. In the face of the incontrovertible eviare apt to conceive caution, we thoroughwithout most

thought that the body predestined to resurrection is not truly dence of the literal resurrection of the body after dead; and that therefore the quickening which is to follow is having passed through death, all values must be adit Observation be. declares to revealed the wordnot what a fleeting justed virtuand to accord with it. From

leaves spirit the the body the of separation from thatproves life succession ally meaningless earthly of days, has processes the able to resist mass, longer inanimatethe latter an no of physical and chemical dissolution. The body, deserted by become of tremendous importance because of its

its immortal tenant, is literally dead; it resolves itself into ultimate resolution into eternity. Trials and temptaits natural components, and its substance enters again upon tions are temporary, and a means of proving our sinthe resurcirculation matter. universal of Yet ofthe round

trust cerity; doubt and discouragement cannot long endure, faith of those assured; the therection dead is who from

in the word of revealed truth will be vindicated, and the for a destiny of glory lies ahead. Death loses half its

Divine decree will be carried into full effect. (Articles of Faith, bitterness and suffering half its sorrow, for they are

by Dr. James E. Talmage.) but steps leading to a condition in which death and

The event of the resurrection is widely celebrated suffering no longer are.

is inevitably beset with someby the observance of Easter. Universal belief in the The state of mortality

divinity of Christ is bespoken at this time, else why questions and doubts, but how lovely a gift is this would his birthday be held in honor? Other great day in the spring on which to pause and consider the

teachers and leaders have come, been hailed with acoutlook; this Easter day when we are reminded of our

claim, and gone their way leaving new thoughts and right to earn the glorious destiny awaiting the proof ideas for those who listened and who would follow; of our worthiness. And that Easter does come at this

but these men do not command the homage of a season is in itself cause for rejoicing, for what Lowell world! says of every clod, that it, "groping blindly above it

for light, climbs to a soul in the grass and flowers"

For five hundred years those who call themselves free spirits surely can be said with greater truth of the human trying life prefer prison beenbecause they have lights in the heart. universe are Somewhere new

kill hearts kill the in to a seconddesperately Jesus him all quiet questions unour answer all which will and * * * as to time—tocertainlyarmy serviceasof demonstrating and two make two men

four that Jesus was a myth * * * and that all the gospels can rest; and the climbing blossoms into beauty of charbe reduced to a clumsy mosaic of prophetic texts. Others acter.

Jesus as a too highconceived of wellmeaning good, man, but fantastic, the This is the season of renewal, when it becomes posto the to school Greeks,flown and went who

Buddhists, and the Essenes and patched together his plagiarisms sible to cast off the restrictions and limitations of the as best he could to support his claim to be the Messiah of past, and nurtured by the sunshine of belief in our

Israel. humanitarian, to Others be an unbalanced out made him lhjes, strive to live better provthus immortality, own

ofprecursor divine democracy, of and Rousseau an excellent gift life to us great love for him, we whose ing our his the care for today time but be put under wouldman who of an alienist. Others to get rid of the subject once for all took commemorate, at Eastertide.

THE IMPROVEMENT3SE ERA

The Lifted Ensign Dramatic Call to Israel PoemA By ORSON F. WHITNEY

Of the Council of the Twelve

Characters Impersonated: "And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble

the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from

:ELIAS \: EPHRAIM:JUDAH the four corners of the earth."—Isaiah 11:12.

ELIAS: Speak thou, and let the winds thy Of mighty nations, whispering

story tell from the dust;

VOICE that crieth in the Mine to unfurl the Ensign, and to

Wilderness EPHRAIM: sound

"Make plain and straight O'er sea and land the tidings won-A thee, derful and with joy I thee: the Highway of our God!"TA HEARanswer the Flooding; world with truth and

'Twas mine to welcome the return righteousness,

One Hundred Years, on Time's of Truth, Thrusting the sickle in the golden swift pinions flown, Of old from Error's wide domain grain,

Since raised the Ensign for the withdrawn; Reaping a ripened field, and garnerGathering ing to unshroud the buried mysMine years, and still theOne hundred tery earliest sheaves of Israel's The

standard waves, harvest home.

Summoning the chosen from worldwandering, I've toiled and wept and bled to

Calling the covenant people from bring once more afar, fulness of Christ's Message The the coming of their GodTo greet unto men;

and King. To build redemptive Temples, that

the dead, Children of Jacob, Isaac, AbraObedient to law in spirit realms, ham, Might with the living share in joys

Sheep of the flock the Shepherd divine.

comes to fold! More wouldst thou hear?

How have ye answered to his beckThere's more I fain would oning call? tell.

What have ye done his pathway to prepare?

ELIAS: Give answer, Ephraim, from thy mountain height, yELL on!—tell on! Truth

Where streams the signal seen and wearies not mine ear.

sung of yore Firstborn of God in these, Earth's EPHRAIM:

final days, THE AUTHOR Written for the Centennary Celebration of the Church of Jesus Christ of "F SPELLED Y tyranny from

Utterday Saints. April 6, 1930. Freedom s ground,

376 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

I tracked the lone untrodden wilBlind am I to what Ephraim beAnd tell me, when did Christian derness.. holds. charity

Here, 'neath my virile touch, once Perchance the air is purer, view Mean justice for the wronged, barren wilds more large, downtrodden Jew?

Now sing for joy and bloom deOn yonder height where stalwartly Mercy, forsooth! what mercy have

lightsomely. he stands, they shown,

I've planted Zion's outposts, firm Than in the misty vale where I Who slaughter 'neath the banner and strong, respire. of the Cross?

Rockfortressed by the everlasting Thinkst thou I err, his thought Too much we hear of love and hills, interpreting? charity,

Where Faith expectantly doth bide From lips of hate, from hearts of the hour But I am with him in the war for cruelty,

When Zion's self from Eden's soil right, Boasting a leader whom they folshall rise, For justice and the freedom of the low not,

Thrilled by the glad acclaim: world. Prating of love, but never practis-

"The Bridegroom comes!"And to this cause give I a willing ing.

hand, Nor all my ministries on Western And pledge my friendship, faith This Jesus, whom they laud, not shores, and loyalty. emulate,

great perchance.Nor all my sympathies with next Good man—e'en

of kin. ELIAS: But why a God?

Have I not stood on ancient Olivet, Joseph and Mary's son, a common

And offered prayer to heaven for HHHOU sayest well Jew, Judah's weal? mightst say farwell—yetmore Who sat at feet of rabbis famed for

Have I not combed the universe For Israel's God, Jehovah, Lord lore, and drawn of All, And learned from them, yet

The choice of nations to this faWho gave the Gospel as He gave brought forth nothing new.

vored land, the Law, Why should the knee of Israel

Where homing tribes shall shout And died that endless death might bend to him?

to trembling hills, vanquished be.

And lift hosannas to the listening What limit to His merit or His skies claim? ELIAS:

That light the towers of New Jeno man's feet for He at CAT rusalem?

to save power JUDAH:

lift up fallen worlds. HisBy these and kindred works my TDLEAD not with me my ancient And came wisdom is faith shown.

distant heights than t more From I to the Shepanswered have r,,ChristiansThus,-x,Olderj than. aught i f,by

stars, *i "the unseen call. herd's divine; deemed

as the Fresh morning dew upon as the Pure of peaks Lesnowy the flower;

banon, ELIAS: Pure as the snow—so white on pour reviving streams o'er That Lebanon

thirsty plains.

well. tainted the soil through Till answered by And He A ND nobler doctrine than the What

it flows which whose dawns day now

Shall crown thy valor with a recDecalogue? Truth by tradition's muddy stream

ompense What higher law than Justice unroiled.

As boundless, endless as eternity. can'st thou name?

The sapient rabbis, famed for anNow, Judah, tell thy tale! What ELIAS: tique lore,

deeds of thine Might well have learned from Him

Are strewn as flowers along MesTS Justice more than Mercy—but would not learn.

siah's way? more than Love? The wisest of the scribes and pharNo need to change thy faith, but isees,

build thereon. Astounded, routed were, and put

JUDAH: If thou the Perfect Law wouldst to shame

purest, heavenmost or ere. I see not in Its loftiest,\jESSIAH?—Him comprehend, By One who spake as no man since height attain, the man

is everWhom Christians name the Christ, Add unto justice the pure love of Old was his doctrine—truth their holy one. God old

I see not in their God my fathers'Sweet Charity, of graces all the Old as its parent spring, Eternity,

God, crown. Old upon earth, from Adam until

Whose covenant abides with Abranow.

ham; JUDAH: Yet seemed it new to them;—and

Who spake to Moses in the fiery this the cause, chief and primal cause of that Mount, JUSTICE—not Mercy—is the TheAnd gave the Law to govern Israel. Jew's demand. great crime

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 377

Which on the cross He pardoned When Gods in glory launched a Whose sacred words flow down the and forgave. universe? centuries

age,Man—merest man will die a friend JUDAH: To find fulfillment in this ample

to save. Where past and present, sire and

Who but a God, to save both foe T2 UT Abraham—the solemn son must join,

and friend? CovenantPerfection reign, and all in Christ

And very God was He, though Jehovah's sacred promise to His be one.

humanborn, own: Ephraim his part hath played, and

Divinelygotten Child of Deity. "In thee and thine all men, all nathou no less, tions blest"In God's great drama—"Marvel

But why waste words upon those Spoken these words upon the idle and Wonder"named.

recreant Jews, wind, Wherefore, complete thy story, as though they well begun.Those pseudo Christians—false That now they be

that mask as true? ne'er had been? What hast thou done His pathway

The salt can lose its savor—so to prepare? with them—ELIAS:

Unworthy parts, bespeaking not the whole. ''TWAS Christ made covenant JUDAH:

Why dwell upon these human with Abraham,. happenings? Jesus, Jehovah—for the twain are *JJIS** carpenter,pathway! his, the peasantUnprofitable polemic wranglings! one;

Lift thought and argument to Then gave Himself that covenant Whose body, stolen from the higher planes. to fulfill; tomb, long since

And mixt His people with earth's Hath crumbled and returned to naalien tribes, tive dust?

for argument, he ts to JUDAH: That all—not Israel only—might Granting,

be blest 'come, say with palms his should I strew MEN! A an d Ujgt of nations fail Why I. And now to me Nor kast* * plain make earthward way? to shareTo me, who am so dull—this In blessings showered through him Why for his coming should my

mystery: upon the world, soul prepare?

What need had Israel of this NaSprinkled, as rain, with his believzarene? ing blood;

Why came a Christ, great Moses peopling the arid wastes of unbc. ELIAS:

havinghavincr romprcome V ( is Father and thy He "DECAUSEAnd why to the clarsouls responsive a Gospel when the Law With -* Friend, thy was known? call ion

is Israel of the Because God He conthe seas and isles and Shaking risen of yet Savior Buried manELIAS: tinents, kind,

And gathering what was scattered Author and Giver of -eternal life need of Christ—the hast thou done that He on ages gone. What

came? Moses reign? earth may\\7HAT Lord—sinceMoses to Christ was but as part to JUDAH:

whole, Silent? Then wouldst thou choose

of him?Preface for thee, speak one Moses—what to book, mere river to the DUT-*-'Lived he for naught? sea, ne'er unfriendly was to thee Who

And all the dispensations of the Sayest thou his mighty mission or thine, past, was in vain? But sympathetic in thy sorrows

When heaven hath gladdened earth all?

with spirit showers, ELIAS: For thou hast borne the brunt of

Are but as streams that to one martyrdom,

Ocean flow. XTAY; but to round his glorious Alike in Christian and in heathen

Why separate the Gospel from the ministry, lands,

Law To link the lesser with the greater Enduring long and suffering paGreater and less—container and part, tiently,

contained? And make effectual all that went While lesser breeds have trampled

Why part God from his prophet before, thee and spurned.

messengers, In this, the dispensation last of all, Driven—despoiled—tortured and

Sent from Above to voice and Came he the Keys of Gathering to trodden down, work his will, restore; Drinking the bitter cup, Captivity,

And preparation make for mightier Lest Ephraim's rallying standard Yet still, through groaning, painthings wave in vain racked centuries

Than e'er were known among the O'er Joseph's land and Zion's, seen Honoring Jehovah's name, Jesons of men; afar hovah's law,

Completing what creation's morn By seers and prophets from thy Spreading the knowledge of the began, household sprung, living God

378 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

Amid the shrines of Baal and Ah! Judah, couldst thou see what Fresh from the fountains of EterAshtoreth. Ephraim sees nity.

Thy monarch in that lowly NaWhy 'twas thy hand the instruzarene, JUDAH oftslain Longsymboled by the ment became his proud Ephraim? T\7 Why paschal lamb, purpose ere heavenordainedOf preeminence, HY Sacrifice the Prophetic of Supreme. earth began, Israel? tents the of amid Towering

couldst anthou Would see whatWhereby, through sacrifice and thine his or should word Why seers cient discerned, death, Life, came all? determine

To rescue and redeem a fallen What spiritquickened eyes may world,- now behold No mortal knoweth. Only this Messiah in that Prophet firstof- ELIAS:

men know: all, T3ECAUSE it is the word of

of a mightier Moses Exodus - Israel's God,Christ did not cast thee off. He The e'er was dreamt of Than servant I, as I would fain be in rabWhose that forgave

lore; binic thine; Is still are true thy Friend—as Deliverer of of Moses and of Abra- a captive universe, The God all; Christians

For none love God who hate what In bondage to the powers of death ham,

God doth love. and hell! The God of patriarchs and prophAnd thy Deliverer in a day to The etsGodall,of Israel free and Israel

Forth in these modern days thine come, chained;

eager hand, When hostile legions thunder at God of the humble and the pureTo build anew the old Jerusalem, thy gates, inheart;

To raise once more her walls, oft When half thy city hath become a God of the just, in every age and leveled down; spoil, clime

in thy sons and daughAs writtenTo gather of Bethlehem and Calin the scroll of prophThe Christ ters fair, ecy.

vary, a sterile land with fruitAnd sow Then shalt thou see and feel His The King of Kings, the crucified fulness; crowned. and hands, woundedRedeeming thus thine ancient herweary-laden, He will give shalt thou fall and worship Come, Then itage,

rest, thee feet; at His Zion'sThat King may sit on Dashalt the rosetread thou all fight 'gainst Jacob's, And that And vid's throne. peace. strewn path of Judah's God,

Shall be as dust and ashes whirlNot all thy eons thy wearied arms windblown, EPHRAIM:

uphold,.As flying Judah! heed Messiah's chaff before the hurriTJEED,Not all are Hurs and Aarons in the cane. messenger, strife.

thySummon worldings from the JUDAH'Hearkenthy tofriend.me, thy brother and tinseled, show,

Where folly reigns and ruin works \\7HAT confirmation hath these No more doth envy of thee sour its will. W mightv claims? mymy soul,

Teach them to play a better, nobler How can I know if such great Nor doth thine anger vex me, as part, things be true? of yore.

And walk with thee the greater If I be blind, who will my sight Forgiven as I forgive, clean, clear "Great White Way."unscale? I stand,

And I am sent Good Tidings to proclaim. ELIAS: allRouse that slumber beneath sorNo manmade creed—no dogma spells, did blind to see and XJE who makes vague, unsound

Or unto gods of dust low homage - deaf to hear! The Ancient Faith, pure, simple,

pay; Hearken to Him and whomsoe'er sweet, sublime,

Bid them to bring their gold and He sends. The Gospel in its plentitude of

jewels rare, Bow to the sceptre of the Son of power,

Their heaped up stores of precious God, I The Gospel in its fulness—this merchandise, The gospel of the High and Holy bring.

Their wealth, like Pelion on Ossa One, piled, And by that Gift which maketh ELIAS:And beautify the Holy Place of manifest

Him Thou'lt clearly see and of a surety 'tis Ephraim TUDAH! calls—heWhose law shall yet from Zion's loves thee well, J know

land go forth, The message Ephraim brings thee And what thou lackest fain would

Whose royal edict from Jerusalem. is divine, he supply,

For Israel o'er Amalek must preOld and yet new, the Everlasting His envy hath departed—brother,

vail, friend, Truth, And repossess in full the Promised Pure from the presence of our He haileth thee. Oh be thou friend

Land. fathers'God, to him!

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 379

Why stand aloof? Why doubt and Be not outstript in such a glorious Thy motive pure and generous and

hesitate? race. just.

Jerusalem and Zion are as one. Judah, arise! Put on thine ancient gu t who can change the course of

See Japheth launch his ships to might, destiny!

people them! Expand thy soul, enlarge thy Who void what Great Jehovah

The Gentile, all unknowingly doth sympathy; hath decreed?

serve Join hands with Ephraim, and 'Tis conscience guides me, and high to pass bringThe cause of Him who summons Heaven alone Israel the prophets All that and the seers

To Joseph's land, to Judah's hills foretold Doth hold, of that mysterious and vales. lock, the key.

Behold them in their flight from JUDAH: Yet something tells me we shall

Babel's doom, meet again.

Borne on the shoulders of the PhilTHY speech I can believe most God grant it be as friends! And

istine! * kindly meant, so, farewell.

The Stone Was Rolled Away By L. D. STEARNS

sky. Earth Father, and your Father; my God,'T'HE city dozed fitfully—uneasalmost obscured the

ily. Even in sleep, oppression seemed sodden with a slow mist and your God!"

weighed heavily against the sensithat appeared to gather and drop, bilities of both high and low like tears, from Nature's eyes. So AGES may come and go-—theowise and simple. The King of long the night—so slow! so very ** ries rise and fall; creeds may

this way, and that; but the Jews—he who had dared call slow! surge

the steadily, mightily, sweetly,himself son been put tiny of God—had glow At last a break—a and your to death. echo rolls, special menace That "My God, yet the hills, to creeping few above

earthly power was ended. The saw it! Tired eyes were closed. God!"Catching the rhythm of the swelling notes, humanitytomb had been made fast—a watch The weary city slept. But in the

set. But the strange darkness that shifting greyness—very early, while sorrowful, sinful, disordered, but

its like the a pall over with humanity, beautifulhad settled not Magstill it was still light,—Mary holiearth, capacity at the death, divine of his for love and moment the dalene and other Mary arose,

up, searching, seekadded to the terrific earthquake and carrying spices and ointment ness,—looks

that had rent the temple from top went to the sepulchre, that they ing! Deep, deeper, and ever deepto bottom, had been most disquietmight, if by chance some one could er, a tiny flame strikes, here and

ing. The hardiest, even, had been be found to roll away the stone, there, into life. are ignorant of much; wetouched with strange nausea; the once more anoint the body of their We

exactness our conception of God's—,"bravestandhadlet whispered,the thought"Whatgo unif griefLord.andTheirloss of eyes,sleep, didheavynot withnote may not be able to formulate with

finished. Its ending was not pleasthat the grey strangeness of yesterpower; but when his voice rolls

ant to contemplate. The awful day had broken, or that the tiny down the abyss of time, he who

business was over finished! Best thread of light, creeping slowly hears it knows that God has spoto forget it—to put it out of one's upward in the east, held a hint of ken. As warmth dissipates the

thought! dazzling brilliance. Pondering, chill from hitherto cold hearts, one

that of a surety, one no knows, slowly. passed second the reached day they tomb. when The "And

Before one glows more is cold. breathe to that more thePeople begun looked, they had they saw

straight reaching Parato business go about their stone was rolled away!"vision,easily—to a up, dise! Faith swings up! and hearts. In the homewith lighter

faith. as even, More, than For Jesus wept. of theof mother John the magically, CUDDENLY, roll, tides shall change, seasons and * Peter toSadly, and went earth into Christ glory. flamed fro—his night, daylight the and follow forget notheart heavy. He could brethto spoken! "Go my—had sense touch Divinity withof and his denialhis repeated Lord. of I ren, ascend say them, and unto its its in soul, strength, the sweetall the drearily sat uponSorrow Father, Father; your and unto my ness, all its will a have power little loved and had band who your to and God!"God, and my as far removed own, mere from thusbelieved in was him who

crucified. Finished? No! From every emotionalism as the east is removed quarter of the earth today—from from the west. He who has felt

tree, and shrub, and bloom, it, been warmed and sweetened by

AS night approached, the wind from brook, and star, and sun, it, knows, in very truth, the re- r*- rustled through the trees. Not from cloud, and mist, and sod, ality and power of him who "roll-

a bird sang. A dull, leaden hue the echo spreads and rolls, "My ed the stone away."

Priesthood The Supreme Religious Differential

By RUDGER CLAWSON President of the Quorum of Twelve Apostles

in the without Saints themselves, number not the "auxilthan any other Christian bodyTIMES iaries,"not the educational system whatsoever. years the hundred last one

question has been asked, in the Church, not the missionary The theory is very simple.

What, after all, is the precise difsystem, not the various principles Man is literally, and not figuraference between the Church of and ordinances of the Church, not tively, a child of God. God is in

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints even the organization of the a very real sense the Father of the and other Christian denominaChurch itself is the main thing in spirits of all men. This being the

tions, Protestant and Catholic? their minds. The main thing in case, it naturally follows, first, that

In other words, is there some one their minds is what lies behind all the Lord is very much concerned thing that is a characteristic mark these and vitalizes them and gives about our welfare both here and of "Mormonism,"and, if so, just them meaning—Priesthood. That hereafter and, secondly, is both

what is it? is why, in the last analysis, everyanxious and able to provide a

To the superficial observer, thing in "Mormonism"comes means by which we, His children, whether within or without the back to Priesthood and acquires may overcome any factors in our significance therefrom. difference the Church, that for environment"Mormon"do not make

Priesthood to lie in might parts seem of its is the is therefore not only our growth. means That

ritual, or in its marriage system, the point of divergence between the Church.

or in its compact and effective orChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterall day Saints other Christian and its ganization, in vast or network therefore Church Godbodies, the very quintessence but of HTHE its proselytism, socalled of in or not made, manmade—Godis this thing without all materialism, in or of these religion—the it comrequires made, because higher

it exist. could which possibly not bined. It is possesses. than wisdom man

the form through which the subthe Saints with PRIESTHOOD, stance the tangible works, through is case. that the not TheDUT * as with Christian other churchthe intangible operates, the which real difference between "Mores, is authority delegated by pattern spiritual through which Christian other andmonism"to acts God by which man man ideals themselves. manifest a In is bodies to be within, not found for in Deity in a His name way is the the word, incarnaChurch ritualwithout. of back For any that act makes any performed by tion truth. Christian of as istic For peculiarities that appear, may this under divine as warrant man spirit itself the expresses human effectiveness, ofback organized any it if as valid the were done by Lord the the so body, ofback selfadvertise- human apparent any in person. the Only, "Mormons"

spell, or powerment commercialism, and back throughGospel—God's of lay greater store the Priesthood by

itself expresses the Church. througheverything that the show on may

surface is an intangible reality. But the Church needs to be conAnd that is Priesthood. ducted by the same wisdom that

Outsiders as well as insiders, if brought it into existence in the first pressed for their opinion, would place. The vehicle requires to be

readily admit the accuracy of this guided so that its precious cargo judgment. shall be safe. Hence the PriestNot polygamy, not solidarity, hood. Moreover, Priesthood is in

not propaganda, not materialism the main the channel through has been responsible for the opposiwhich communication between tion that the Church has almost God and man is maintained.

continuously experienced in this age. These at bottom have been 'T'HUS questions as to whether

merely excuses, not reasons. The the Church should be ruled by

real point of attack, whether conelders or bishops or apostles, sciously or unconsciously, has alwhether baptism ought to be by ways been Priesthood, the claims immersion or by sprinkling, of the Saints to direct divine auwhether infants may properly be thority. baptized, whether a priest may forgive sins, and a hundred other sim-

"V/fOREOVER, speaking now ilar questions of government or *"from the viewpoint of the President Rudger Clawson principle or ordinance, become

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 381

matters ultimately for men to deing himself any questions as to his cide who hold the Priesthood by The Heavenly Gift priesthood. Or, having asked them,

undisputed right, not by men who he might have imitated the prachave arrogated this authority unto By RUTH MAY FOX tice of many religious reformers bebells the have trace times fore alterations to his time, hundredthemselves. and sought Also any ONEtolled passing of the a either in its year his dubiauthority back Church, throughmade in the

else.form or its substance, are in themSincehandsFaithand andpledgedTruththe messageclasped ous channels to some one

selves of small moment. The all they held dear But he did not. He broke utroll error the back of clouds point they been Shouldimportant is, Have terly present, past both with and den, into oblivion's representaccredited duly bymade so the as far conchurches were yet of Peace should The Doveatives of God? find rest the of cerned. world within Instead sought obhe and

But Priesthood, in the view of men. tained fresh contacts with God.

isthe Saints, touches that a matter authority But from come must existence. present our thanmore rules the sun, whofirstHim T-J IS first great revelation is well entire theIt concerns of the span blest minister in His name, To

eternal spirit, whether in its prethe All -transcendent One, known to those who are falife the holds keys of rise and miliar the of with "Mormonlife, its lifeearth here and now, Who the silent death, bids who ism."the Likewise story of how this. afteror its life tomb of revealed was the Book Mormon life, to glorious Give dead up its

PRIESTHOOD was known in man's everlasting boon. through the ministrations of the

*. first vision Angel the In state. Moroni. the Jereunembodied

Ambassadors must be sent forth visilearned a personal enhe through the Bible tells us,miah, was "sancheavenly dowed with power tified"before he was born and To raise His royal standard on tation, that God the Father and "ordained"to be "a prophet unto every roof and tower; his Son Jesus Christ were veritable

to repentance preach a To world personages, that they werethe likewise, nations."two beAbraham

beset with sin and woe, one, generallyas as was ings and not in a are informed modern we find every a That might man translation of an old document, friend, the gift of love bestow. taught in his day, and that the

was "chosen before he was born"So Faith unlocked the heavenly heavens were not as a canopy of while he was still "in the midst"gates and light came streaming impenetrable brass over man's of the "intelligences that were orthrough, head. In the second heavenly manganized before the world was,"The light that shines in darkness ifestation he learned of the anand he was appointed one of God's And Truthbut onlyrejoicedseen byexceedinglyfew; and cestors of the American Indians,

"rulers"that were to be in the scattered jewels rare of the history of these peoples, and earthlife. That is, these two men On hill and dale throughout the of the numerous revelations and

were endowed with the Priesthood eatth for men to find and visions vouchsafed to the Jaredites in the spiritstate. Not only these wear. and the Nephites.

great his prophets, progress otherstwo slumber but as Then from that imagine two would One leapt splendrous the and saw specific "setwell were for apart"as glorious manifestations such gleam, after to be they should donework sufficient these warrant be stirred the rays would that Emitting be incarnated in the flesh.. world and Science caught a to proceed to the organization of

first life also, after this in beam; And a did church. Joseph Smith But

her wings She spread her waved andthe intermediate state in and then so, not even he had though think till earth sea and and wandthe resurrection, will be Priesthood earlier that vision told in the been air as necessary as in our present state. Responded to her magic touch, the Church would be restored

For organization inheres in human and marvels everywhere. through him. For in neither of

association, in all forms of existAmazed mankind while nature these revelations did he receive ence. It is a thing of the intellisighed that she should be the authority to establish the Church

spirit, slavegent the not of body, and mortal man who claimed the of Christ.this irrespective the Of of whether

spirit is embodied or not or whethrightgave, the first commandment er, if embodied, its tabernacle is To wrest earth's secrets from her A CCORDINGLY, as he tells us, mortal or immortal. Even in the breast, the elements subdue. rx in May, 1829, while he and

his grasp in hold dominion To therenext life will be educative Oliver "in were praying Cowdery the old new. world and make toprocesses be set going and carnear Pennthe woods"Harmony,

ried on, and this work must be What hath man wrought!'all living sylvania, John the Baptist, actexclaim, things in wonderment are properlydone by those the explained, who under ing, as he

sea dwellers of the andqualified, nature both by and by The air direction of Apostles the ancient the the plain; and mountain

credentials. And that means All glory to the heavenly Light Peter, James, and John, appeared

Priesthood. which zeals intelligence to them. Laying his hands on

gives And man partnership in their heads, he ordained them to God's omnipotence.

'T'HIS importance attaching to the "Priesthood of Aaron, which * Priesthood in the minds of the holds the keys of the ministering "Mormon"people it is that led the of angels, and of the gospel of

Prophet Joseph Smith, the founder Once having decided in his own repentance, and of baptism by imof the modern Church, into an mind to set up a church, he might mersion for the remission of sins."

original and impressive line of conhave assumed the prerogatives of Subsequently—in May or June,duct in relation to his predestined religious leadership, as many others 1829—the Apostles Peter, James,

work in this dispensation. before him had done, without askand John appeared to Joseph and

382 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

Oliver "on the banks of the Sus- A GREAT social leveler, this compulsion, upon the souls of the quehanna river"and ordained ""Mormon"idea of Priestchildren of men, in any degree of them to the apostleship, making hood. It tends to make all men unrighteousness, behold, the heavthem "special witnesses"to the the same height so far as concerns ens withdraw themselves, the Spirit

name of Christ and giving them access to spiritual blessings. And of the Lord is grieved; and when it

"the keys of the kingdom and of it brings about this religious equalis withdrawn, amen to the Priestthe Dispensation of the Fulness ization, not by lowering the high, hood, or the authority, of that of Times."but by raising the lowly. The man."

Thus the Church of Jesus Christ president of a big business corporthe runs ation and who man rests Saintsof Latterday upon the ideal the has been always his HTHAT elevator stand not only same on thesecure foundation of an authority if the any Church, and * held by meeting, in their Priesthood its "firstconferred elder"upon by plane the to employ man has presumed but the hired man may even the were ordained undermen who be a Priesthood of compulas a means hands of the founder of Christipresiding officer in the "quorum"sion, he has deviated from the anity himself. And every man now of which his employer is a memspirit as well as the letter of this

is ber. of nothing thought And degree auholding of spiritual any requirement. only standard The

it. this of Priesthood power Than thethority in Church, "Mormon"legitthe element Church considers

if he wished to do so, could trace there could be no greater stimulus imate as an instrumentality of rehis Priesthood back directly to that to individual achievement and selfligious government is love. For,

"first elder"in the organization respect. according to the Prophet Joseph

Joseph Smith. Another striking characteristic Smith in the same statement quotof Priesthood among the Lattered above, "no power or influence

A DISTINCTIVE feature of day Saints is the method by which can or ought to be maintained by *- Priesthood among the Latterit is exercised. virtue of the Priesthood, only by

day Saints is its democracy. persuasion, by longsuffering, by

believed by nonis commonly religious the In the of history T T gentleness and meekness, and by * of the Church members it the thatworld would appear that love unfeigned."

force, compulsion, coercion, in the priesthood anymen holding is then, the charin brief, Such threats, are the which means by a limited to werecommunity comacter in theory of Priesthood, and is in conducted government "Morparatively carefully of small group practice, the Latterday among this that and mon"communities,selected servtrained to persons the ice. And this is true of Christian element of external control is all Saints.

as well as of pagan peoples, in the more potent because it is underIt is of the very essence of the. It furnishesmodern as in ancient times. It is ground. That indeed has too often Church here below.

true of even the Israelites before been the method used by religions the groundwork of revealed religour Savior's time. in the past, even by churches that ion. It is coextensive with the

spirit eternal inheres of and man, the the of lowly bore Naname in the Priesthood "MorBut It associations. was in human zarene.

is in striking conChurchmon"to the in given times modern anew the never that been has But is it this.trast us with to For inSmith, not Joseph Prophet and the sanctioned Church by method a total distributed. Invery widely in- a in herited manner him by Latterday Jesus of Christ of almost of membershipmale two questionings. in volved doubts and Saints. apninety-five thousand,hundred is its love motivating power And

proximately one hundred fifty The founder of "Mormonism,"rather than compulsion.

thousand hold the Priesthood in when asked how he managed to one of its grades. Deducting those govern such a heterogeneous body

since the years the hundred Illias TN gathered years of age, he had twelve at which in Nauvoo,under in -* organization of the Church is first replied, nois, "I is said conto have Priesthoodtime the ferred, we have a situation where teach them correct principles, and this dispensation, Priesthood has practically the entire male memberthey govern themselves."And that undoubtedly been the most potent

ship of the Church holds the this statement was more than an factor in religious education among

Priesthood. This is altogether offhand remark spoken on the the Saints. Accessible, as it has

without parallel in the long hisspur of the moment, is evident by been, to every man, it has given tory of religion. the policy he laid down very dehim a dignity and a selfrespect,

If there is any man in the orliberately and included in a volume and furnished him with an incento characterbuilding through to be for the direction of tive intended have the not doesganization who could thought and work, such as his people. it is he either becausePriesthood,

does not want it or because he does "The rights of the Priesthood,"not have come to him in any other not care to live for it. For every he says, "are inseparably connected way.

boy is urged to aspire to the office with the powers of heaven, and the It is therefore safe to say that of elder, that being the grade which powers of heaven cannot be conwithout the Priesthood the "Morentitles him to all the rights, privtrolled nor handled only upon the monism"we know today could ileges, and blessings of Priesthood principles of righteousness. That not possibly persist, and that with

In general. Nor is there any special they may be conferred upon us, it it there is a power in the Church

qualification or discipline necessary is true; but when we undertake to of incalculable value making for

to hold the Priesthood, other than cover our sins, or to gratify our righteousness here and for salvafaith, good works, and a desire to pride, our vain ambition, or to extion and exaltation in the world to ""magnify"the calling. ercise control, or dominion, or come.

Another Utah Man Honored By ROBERT L. JUDD

has conditions of the leading countries,PRESIDENT HOOVER recently appointed Dr. Edespecially of Western Europe.

gar B. Brossard, of Utah, RETURNING to the United

Chairman of the United States States, he was employed as a

Tariff Commission, the highest autariff expert in Agricultural Ecothority in the country on tariff nomics and Farm Management matters. By this appointment the by the United States Department

President has shown again his very of Agriculture and the Utah State commendable policy of selecting Agricultural College. While in this

welltrained men of sound judgposition he made investigations of ment for the public service they the business records of hundreds are to perform. It is a distinct of farmers and their efficiency in

honor to the State of Utah and managing their farms, and upon reflects great credit on its religious analyzing their business statements and educational institutions. and farm practices, demonstrated

Chairman Brossard is a product methods of improvement. He

of the Church of Jesus Christ of taught the farmers how to keep

Latterday Saints and its teachfarm accounts, how to determine ings and an alumnus and former the costs of production of their professor of the Utah State Agrifarm products, and the benefits to cultural College. Like most young Dr. Edgar B. Brossard be derived from a careful business

men of the Church, after graduaanalysis of farming operations. He

tion from the State College he years ago moved to Logan, Utah, also assisted in making farm busifilled a mission, spending three that their sons and daughters ness analysis studies in Illinois and years in Europe, where he was for might attend college there. Bein Minnesota in cooperation with

two years the first President of the cause of his training and experithe United States Department of newly organized French Mission, ence Dr. Brossard knows first hand Agriculture, and made some busiwith headquarters at Paris, France. the farm and livestock problems ness analysis of farms in New

He has always been actively engaged of the country. York State.

School asin Sunday work Church a For years of number he taught the Utah graduating After from the in superintendent, or orteacher the subject of economics, agriculin 1911, College Agricultural State presPriesthood. the of Atwork tural economics, and managefarm in years three his completing and is the branch of Presidentent he in the ment University of Minnefield, Brossard Dr. mission the capital. at the Altheof Church sota the and State AgriculUtah in years additional three spent has he been from awaythough tural College. also has had He universities in other study attending the time ofhome much 1 years'about experience rein 2 University at Cornell year universities following oreastern—onegraduate search lines. these is along auHe at years and in two York Newhis found always profession he has thor of technical numerous and Minnesota. of University the From religious duhis attend to totime bulletins, articles, popular adand received latter institution he theties. talk to has only with One dresses tariff the ecoon the and Science degrees of the of Master a deep learn to that has hehim nomic of agriculture. problems of Philosophy S.) and Doctor (M. principles the for ofaffection the

specialized (Ph. D.). He until his appreciation 1923 appointGospel and a sincere in ecoPROM management farm and ment as in of the Church. nomics the Tariff a memberfor his membership

and wrote his major theses on Commission in 1925, he was emDr. Brossard, a trained econoagricultural problems. economic as He ployed economist for the Comis as of themist, one recognized

of the tariff study has made careful mission, and than four for more authoritiesleading country the of of technical problems and other years a he has been the of member first the tariff. apwason He special finance taken public has and Commission, this and enabled has tariff a of thepointed member

statistical in courses advanced him to thoroughly acquaint himPresident Coolidgecommission by ecocost accounting, and methods, its self with to render work and continuserved hasin 1925, and nomic and industrial development valuable and satisfactory service.ously since that time.

and management, which informaThis appointment along with

T\R. BROSSARD was born and tion adds to his usefulness in the others made in recent years shows

raised on a cattle ranch near work of the tariff commission. the standing of members of the

Oxford, Bannock County, Idaho, Church in the eyes of the intelliApril 1, 1889. The Brossard During the three years that Dr. gent and informed persons of the

family lived there nearly 30 years, Brossard was in Europe he became world, which is in striking conbeing one of the early pioneer famacquainted with the economic, intrast with the conditions of 100 ilies of the West, but about 30 dustrial, agricultural, and political years ago.

384 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

f-es.-aer/ce op

a-.Y P....;.."Q CAS HUH

Nauvoo Homes of Early Church Leaders

From the Green Mountains to tKe Rockies By JOHN D. GILES

Member of the General Board of Y. M. M. I. A.

"Nauvoo, the beau- (Earlier installments of this travelogue covered important historicalTRULYtiful,"is today just a memplaces in the states east of Illinois. The last installment ended as we

ory as compared with the entered Nauvoo in our journey westward.)

city which, in 1 844, was the home of the Prophet Joseph Smith and Prophet and his brother it became glory and former beauty of the most of his followers. Neglected, apparent that the town was city, but a memory. Nothing reabandoned in sections, merely a doomed. The terror of those awmains to mark the spot save the

shadow of its former self, but still ful days caused many to move old well which supplied water for beautiful because of its charming away immediately; and two years the baptismal font. Every stone,

location and its ideal setting in a later the great body of the Saints, every bit of evidence that a Temple great horseshoe bend of the Missisunder the leadership of Brigham once occupied the spot has been sippi, the city chosen by Joseph Young, abandoned the city and carried away. No marker, no monSmith as the site of the Temple started across Iowa on the journey ument—nothing but grass and

and the place where the first real that eventually brought them to weeds.

attempt of the "Mormons"at the Rocky Mountains.

colonization was made, is now In the days of the Prophet, the TPON the occasion of our lastmerely a country village. Temple stood on the hill, overvisit, the Temple site was ofFrom the day when Nauvoo was looking the Mississippi on three fered for sale. A representative of

selected as the seat of Church govsides. To the west the front of the owner offered an option (with

ernment to the day of the martyrthe Temple faced the river, whose no payment to bind it) based upon dom, it made rapid and steady great bend at this point also brings a price of $1,640, the purpose beprogress, and grew from a village it to the north and south of the ing to resell it to the "Utah of a few homes to one of the largTemple site, making an unusually Church."Needless to say no opest cities in Illinois. It was larger choice setting and being largely retion was taken and no sale was

than Chicago at that time and sponsible for the title, "Nauvoo, made, at least on that basis. Since

rivaled Springfield, the state capthe beautiful."Certainly it would that time, I am informed, a cottage

ital. hardly merit that description today has been erected on part of the site,

were it not for its charming locaindicating that a purchaser was

TU VER since the martyrdom it tion. finally found.

has declined. Today it is a The Temple, the pride of "MorTo contrast the Nauvoo of 1930

town of approximately 1,200 mons"and unprejudiced noneffectively with that of 1844, two people. With the murder of the "Mormons"alike, is now like the mental pictures are necessary. The

386 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

first is that of a thriving, prosperof activities. To the east the the Prophet's widow to her sons

ous city of 20,000 to 25,000 inTemple occupied the highest spot and finally to the church with habitants, the largest city in that of ground and could be seen from which they became affiliated. The

section and the envy of the surall parts of the city. Near it was Mansion House is used as the resrounding towns. To say it was a the arsenal. In all parts of the city idence of the presiding elder and is

thriving city but states the fact. substantial homes were built. Tovisited by thousands of tourists

From all directions people came to day, nearly a hundred years later, each year. The cottage and the

Nauvoo, either to join the Saints, all the homes shown in the group Nauvoo House are used during the learn about them or to trade with picture on another page are still annual reunions of the "Reorgan- them. The city was in many ways standing and, despite the fact that ized"church which bring thou-

a "boom"town and unfortunately for years little or no effort at upsands of people to Nauvoo. That

attracted many undesirable charkeep has been made, most of them the buildings erected in the develacters, the type always found in the are in excellent condition. The opment of Nauvoo were wellbuilt

vanguard of new communities. home of Parley P. Pratt was reand substantial has been proved by

Men having but one purpose, to modeled by the sisters of the the fact that nearly a hundred years take advantage of every opportuCatholic church but, because of of service finds them still in use.

nity, fair or foul, to profit from some financial difficulty, has not Now contrast that picture with the activity of the city, found their since been used. The homes of the view one gets today. The popway there. But others came also. Brigham Young, John Taylor, ulation has dwindled to approxiFrom New England, from the Wilford Woodruff and Lorenzo mately 1,200. Several cities within

Eastern States and from the South Snow, all of whom later became a radius of a hundred miles are came converts who were real piopresidents of the Church, are still larger and more prosperous. The

neers. From Europe came skilled standing and are especially pointed only commerce of any consequence

workmen. out to tourists as the former homes carried on with surrounding comof presidents of the "Mormon"munities consists of a generous crop

BETWEEN Montrose, directly Church. of Concord grapes which are ferried

across the river, and Nauvoo across the river to Montrose and there was a steady stream of comrT THE cottage used by Joseph then shipped north and west via merce carried on by means of ferry Smith as his first home in Nauthe Burlington railroad.

boats. With Carthage, the county voo, near which is the grave of

seat, some twenty miles away, with Emma Smith, the Mansion House, '"THE old Main Street is practicQuincy, down the river, Burlingthe home of the Prophet at the * ally deserted except at its ton to, the north and other comtime of the martyrdom, and the northern junction with the river, munities, there was considerable Nauvoo House, intended to be used where are located the Mansion commercial intercourse. as a hotel but never fully completHouse, the Cottage, the Nauvoo

The city was admirably platted. ed, are also still standing. All House and the public tourist park.

Main Street, running north and three are now owned by the "ReFurther south only tumbledown south, with the river as its termiorganized"church, title having buildings indicate where the center nus at either end, marked the center come down through Emma Smith of activities was in the early days.

The old printing office is rapidly crumbling away and, being given no care, will soon be obliterated entirely. The street

is overgrown with grass and weeds. No effort is made to

keep up the streets or property in this section.

The present business section, very small in comparison with that of former times, has been shifted to Mulholland street to the south and on the hill, nearer the Temple site. The lower

ground, sloping toward the river, formerly the busy part of the city, is now almost entirely devoted to grape vineyards, the growing of grapes being the principal and practically the only industry of the community.

With the exodus of the Saints Nauvoo took on a strangely vacant and deserted appearance. The city which

had risen so rapidly and had 'Mormon"and Indian Relics at Nauvoo been the scene of such marked

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 387

activity resembled a western minHouse, Cottage and other ing town after the ore had "played points mentioned, there is out."In 1849, three years after one additional attraction

the "Mormons"had left the city, which no visitor to Nauvoo

Itienne Cabot, leader of the French

Icarian Communists led his followers to Nauvoo where they took possession of many of the vacant houses and attempted to establish a communistic colony. Among

them were many artisans and professional men. Following the example of the Saints they established

industries and business enterprises. Nauvoo Temple

(left) and Icarian "DUT the plan proved impractical. school(right) builthouse,of

Dissension arose among them Temple stone.

and the formation of small social groups and cliques finally led to the collapse of the movement and Nauvoo was again abandoned. Some should miss. It is the musebers in that vicinity are contained

of the buildings erected by the um of "Mormon"and Indian in the collection.

Icarians still stand as reminders of relics, antiques, curios and manuWhen the Saints evacuated Nautheir occupancy of the city. scripts maintained by Willian voo they crossed the river to MontAmong them are a large apartment Rheimbold at the Oriental hotel. rose, and thence across Iowa to

house and a school house built of The museum is in the lobby of the Kanesville, now Council Bluffs on

Temple stone. hotel and is free to visitors. Not the Missouri river. Crossing the

Neglected, dilapidatedlooking, only is there a remarkable and exMissouri Brigham Young and his except in the newer section, deserttensive collection of important and followers, wh later became the ed entirely in some sections and yet interesting Church relics but in the pioneers of Utah and the interinhabited by people who still Indian collection are more than mountain country, established at themselves Quarters Winter now a restoration of tolook forward the arrowheads, which 2,200 the part a where from of Omaha city to its a return formerthe and ten within gathered has owner began. Farmigration westward activity,importance Nauvoo and that indicating of miles Nauvoo, valley are the ther Missouri down it as picturepresents a pathetic

stands today. The Unity Club, in the past the site of the city has Independence, Liberty and Richin an attractive circular given to been an important Indian battle mond. Visits to these cities will

visitors to the city, points out the ground. Other evidences of the be the subject of the next inadvantages of Nauvoo for induspresence of Indians in large numstallment of this travelogue.

trial, commercial and agricultural enterprises. Its attractions are

summed up in the circular as follows: "As a suburban town Naucity attract manyvoo should Needs

bluffs beautiful and Mydwellers. The

sites overlooking the Father of WaBy MRS. NESTOR NOEL

ters would make ideal places for pretty homes for people who ad- "Man wants but little here below; nor wants that little long."

mire beautiful and healthful, natural surroundings. And here is '"THAT anyone should have ever other porch approached by French

rich soil for truck and fruit farmused these or similar words windows, leading to the garden, ing, the garden spot of Illinois. seems an impossibility. It simply and what a garden!

This is an ideal spot for a summer cannot be! Ah well, he did not

resort. Nauvoo has the requirelive in 1930! How easily he must [T is not bound to be a big

ments of a modern city, with many have been satisfied! How many of garden, but it must boast of a

natural advantages and resources. the pleasures of life he must have lover's lane, it must grow beautiful

We have a splendid water works missed flowers and possess nooks and and sewer system, fine natural Judging from myself and those corners shaded by great trees where drainage, excellent factory and resaround me I find our needs are I can sit with congenial persons idence sites. Its inhabitants are manifold. whose tastes are similar to mine.

anticipating a rehabilitation and I need a little corner of the Did I forget to say this garden future greatness and they firmly beearth that I can call my own, must have a fountain and a deep lieve that its favorable situation whereon I can build me a house pond where goldfish sport and endestines it to become a large city."the house of my dreams! It must joy life? Walking about there

have a front porch overgrown with must be my setter, Caesar. In and

TN addition to the Temple site, rambler roses, a back porch shadout of the bushes, I must see my * the homes of Church leaders, owed by honeysuckle, a side porch Persian Cat, Flossy, with her the old cemetery, the Mansion leading on to a tennis lawn, an- (Continued on page 422)

I.The M. of Youth A.—Builders

By GEORGE ALBERT SMITH Of the Council of Twelve and General Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.

Improvement! mission primarily is with those given permission to experiment andMUTUAL How pregnant with meanboys and girls and young men and perfect plans. The results were

ing are those words Muwomen who are passing through carefully analyzed and proved so tual Improvement, particularly the most critical period of their satisfactory that the movement is lives. Its to secure to its soon became Churchwide. aim to the actiare applied theywhen

their in a conscious youth members community!vities The of an entire

idea embodied therein is one of the testimony of the Gospel of Jesus TJIFTY years ago over eleven

Christ, the marched, hundred development young and men by Christianity. of stonescorner

exercise gift at carrying their the the of of of within banner head God the of organization theWhile its their the in Associations inscribed them, them bestowed with upon Associations ImprovementMutual is the of laying Inmotto, childhood of on Glory by "The God with contemporaneous notwas telligence,"so Priesthood; declaration the of the and hands and Christ Jesus of thethat Church of

in prepare qualify measure, a and, Strong.""Ten Thousand underlythe Saints, Latterdayof

are they for the exmissions that a "reading them time same About helpfulreciprocal of thoughting first pected to perform. course"the adopted and was characteristic a been everness has

series five year's experienced issued. person Every of knows volumes illustraan this movement. Asof

leclectures the this be Suggestive that cannot treating done by upon trouearly andtion, the very in indeture religion, science, literature history, Vigorous method. and the the of Churchblous days

to out youth wants pendent biography, readings to work and which was Prophets"the of"School is the determined inproblems and from books were provided own its its this ascalled into with being active in factor as to the be scheme tended supplemental, the an became objective. in this things. thought exercises, of the order of fundamental With are there communities In many basis future young and of young manuals. mind men reto be have sonsprodigal who officers called as are usually the In the Contributor, 1879 women ever the has Churchdeemed, and

I. official organizations. of the of the A. organ Men's M. Young their and worth of mindfulbeen in preside meetings the and Association, Mutual Improvement They

seek and to them outhas gone great arrange extent a to later ten very and years the and Young reto induce possible themwhere the carry Their programs. out Journal, the of organ Woman's vital fold. more to But theturn are suggestions constructive Ladies, existence. into came Young own

this work commendable thaneven freconsideration the given and opportunities always afThrough thus activity is farreaching a rescueof is tried out. demquently This forded of hundreds and young men the minito reduce to aimswhich idea, to the onstrated Men's taste by acquired the and women M stray. the number whomum salhis a owes of habit boy for which writing publication, many

It inception had its laid substantial in a and by their efforts of vation. the lives effectively touchHTO group of young foundation who were men for authorship of the just entering people, * young

pubescent state and the years immerit. Musical and oratorical conmediately following, is almost intests of imposing importance bevariably a difficult task, but there came features of the annual conis a way which leads into the innerference to which two or three days

most recesses of every heart if it in the month of June were decan but be discovered. To find voted.

that way, to get into the heart of seventeen years of useseeds FTER plant there A individual, to the * fulness the Contributor was out- 1 will righteousness which of grow and choke out the seeds of discontinued, to be followed in evil, is the mission of this organ1897 by the Improvement Era.

ization. This can usually, perhaps The Young Woman's Journal

always, be accompished if the continued uninterruptedly for right agencies are put into operaforty years when it joined fortunes tion. However, the wide range of with the Era in the autumn of

individual tastes makes necessary a 1929.

great variety of preventive methBecause of the fact that every ods. member of this Church should be

While the M. I. A. invites the prepared to give, at home or

middleaged and even the aged to abroad, a "reason for the hope that enroll as members, an invitation is within him"public speaking has which is accepted by many, its The Author always been encouraged. This

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 389 prompted President B r i g h a m the "land of the midnight sun,"and the improvement of commuYoung to say at the time of the from Tasmania through the imnity life.

organization of the Y. M. M. I. portant islands of the Pacific, and

:A. to our want young men "We Argentine to from Canada. has also A. made de- M. I. The THE

get into the testiof habit bearing total in membership round num- * lightful provision adequate and mony. They may say they haven't bers is one hundred thousand. for the girls of the Church, with

any testimony to bear; get them to most gratifying results. The girl

stand on their feet and try and C VERY boy of twelve years is of fourteen years is enrolled in a they will soon find that the Lord eligible for the Boy Scout orBee-Hive swarm. During the two

will put into their mouths things ganization which has become a years as a BeeHive girl, she is taken co say and give them utterance to part of the M. I. A. program. Here through a program of activity unmany truths they had never he does, under specially selected surpassed anywhere. Based upon

thought of. They will get testileadership, what Scouts do elsethe Spirit of the Hive, described in

monies as they try to bear them. where. At the time when habits Maeterlink's "Life of the Bee"

Get them to stand up and try. are most easily formed, he learns that unseen power which moves

More people have obtained testito be Godfearing, obedient to auand actuates to unselfish achievestandingmonies while on girl their thority, considerate learns of others, the BeeHive honment—thefeet than knees on their down in short, to Seek orable in his conduct, Knowlfaith, Code, "Have

praying for them."lay a foundation upon which edge, Safeguard Health, Honor

built. Beauty, be Understand worthy manhood may Womanhood, at should that be remembered J"T is Taste this in Truth, not Scout Church Love work Work, Know I. the time the was A. M. Feel Service, different Joy"that of other of the comSweetness fromlaunched, schoolopportunities for

in it if is correlated incorporated munities, except that code which—a thising in rather were community peaceful life duties assure the deacons'of happy, will the her withlimited. a In country where new properly every to which quorum, womanhood.primitive living obtain, conditions

cells filling life is goes, expected she trained Into twelve of boy isa active natural for tendency experience from of the to belong. with honey

reckless, to become young men Religion, Home, of the fields fifteen he become a VanAt may Inspiredrough, uncouth. and of Art, Out Health, Domestic is given he a program where guard leaders as provided anChurch Service. Public Business and to Doors, adapted Scouting of advanced activithis forantidote condition,

is opportunity excellent an are tastes beginThere the of boys who ties culture faith, leading toward interests which discover to for her to feel of the urge ning manhood. refinement. unand had They choice in her as a guide serve might satisfied are this not they age At integrity in confidencewavering the vocation. as well as of hobbies others, of the to follow commands that, people, theof young knowing

with all their faults, they were but aspire to leadership themselves is feel of Motherhood beauty very much superior and to 'THEsubmissive to counsel obedient and thought of the * the paramount their smaller brothers and acreact satisfactorily toand would constructive suggestions. quaintances. The first novelty of BeeHive plan, as expressed in the

Built upon such fundamental Scouting has worn off, and they words of the Builders'Purpose:

principles, it was expected that crave something new. A program As bees bring to their building

these parallel M. I. A. organizasuited to their tastes and desires Obedient and purposeful service,

life fits the hive of into into therefore prepared So which foristions go constantly would part, to I enter do my to assigned the Priesthood workward. In they have done the main fathers in Faith I have my teachers, the and ordained more seriousso setback or with no action. to to Faith move me

failure. They have well, if not responsibility is placed upon them. Health I hold in my keeping

cherish to to guard Health and spiritperfectly, the preserved and children life majr to come That my to thataim of their being and exTWO years later, and until he in limitless power. and Pure

tent have rendered service to the has reached the age of twentyChurch and afforded invaluable four, he may be an M Man and 'THERE are over 11,000 Beeexperience to its members. finds here an outlet for his energies * Hive girls at present engaged in

This brief historical background along.athletic, musical, social and active work, besides countless thouof M. I. A. objectives is given intellectual lines. These M Men sands of others who have been

merely with the view of showing are given the privilege of choosing touched with the charm of its inthe importance in which the printheir own officers, and all have the fluence.

ciple of mutual improvement was opportunity of being on one of held during days of hardship when, five committees selected to carry nr HE Junior Girls are sixteen and to people of less faith and vision, forward the program. * seventeen years of age. They

all the energies of the community At an age when many young are the girls on life's threshold;

might easily have been devoted to fellows consider it smart to violate beauty is their watchword and the conquering the desert and acquiring the law, he may be put on a comrose is their flower. Their courses of

some of the more tangible things mittee whose duty it is to promote study include subjects which deal life.of the current I. A. slogan: M. "We with beauty of good beauty—the there are 895 joint assoToday stand for the preservation of our manners, of unselfishness, goodof

ciations in the organized wards of heritage through obedience to ness, of truth, and greatest of all, the Church and 138 more in the law."Or his assignment may be of the Latterday Gospel.

established missions. These latter to lead out in movements directed Their project is a cultivation of

are scattered from South Africa to to the beautifying of his town an appreciation of beauty through 390 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

the raising of flowers, and many public speaking tryouts; eight The following statements rechurches and homes have been hundred in the male quartette; four garding the value of M. I. A. work

made sweet and fragrant by the thousand in the mixed double were collected at random from placing therein of lovely blossoms quartettes; fifteen hundred in the among a large number on file.

grown by the girls. girls'double trio; and one hundred Some are from people well known

HTHE Gleaners, 10,000 strong, fifty in the dance orchestra. Altoin the community, others come

-*- are the older girls of the M. I. gether more than thirty thousand from men in more modest circum-

A. whose ideal is Ruth of old. As contestants participated in the spestances:

she gleaned in the wake of the harcial activities. Naturally there were President Heber J. Grant: "It

vesters, so do these modern girls a number of duplications because has been valuable beyond exfollow the trail of Knowledge and of some taking part in more than pression."

there offset these to perfectgather event, stalks the but one which al- "I have Anthony W. Ivins: as coaches, acted intothey the bind were sheaves daily of many who orthe with been associated ways etc. life trainers, accompanists, and glowing womanhood. have years) (fifty and ganization

assobenefited greatly by been my all to attention given the ft7ITH ideals, the of Church"VflNDFUL it."ciation with is the education adult young, delve subjects they into of been "It has R. Richard preLyman: course not overlooked. The child marriage, management,home in arousing aids greatest the of one the Department, for Adult paredtraining, etiquette, health, and in interest retaining is and in it as studiously my followed

allcharacter, these being of touched is worth several hours Church work."with the spirit of Gospel teachings. many cases,

credit. college of "It has been F. Wells: Junius of In they many

been the exciting inspiration, as- a constant M. I. A. has my Tojoin the seek with and theirM Menactivities I directresponsibility the interest of signed deepest and devotion. inexpression dancing, pubdrama,

lic speaking, music, games, handing the leisuretime activities of the regard activity in it as the most imlife."crafts, etc., and in them they learn Church. "What are you thinking portant labor of my

to live fully and busily. when you don't have to think, and Levi Edgar Young: "It has

With home as a central theme, what are you doing 'when you shown me the value of religious and a daily contribution to its hondon't have to do anything?"These training in the days of our youth."

or and happiness as their project, portentous questions are carefully Oscar A. Kirkham: "It found

the Gleaners are daily reaping the considered by the Community Acme. It blessed me. It gave me

blessings which the homeloving tivity Committee, whose duty it is opportunity for my best work and pioneers sowed and cultivated for to study the field of dancing, drahas graciously rewarded me with the benefit of the generations to matics, moving pictures, music, my greatest joys."

follow. physical activities and home recreAdam S. Bennion: "Teaching

It would be difficult to find in ation; and by the Adult Com- Y. M. M. I. A. boys gave me my

the world another concerted plan mittee, whose duty it is to study first love of teaching."

for the activities of young people the field of adult recreation. "The Joseph A. West: "Nothing in

which is comparable with that wholesome use of leisure time"my life (I am now 74) has given entire the memberChurch been more joy or me more genuine the among for theprovided and Men M aim. ship is the I. A. M. connecprofitable to me than my theseGleaner Girls. only do Not

cover a wide range of activity but With such an objective and with tion with the M. I. A. cause."

in quality they are of a type which such a divinely inspired and farArthur F. Barnes: "It has been

commands respect. reaching plan, with a magnificent invaluable to me in various labors

army of devoted workers, surely in the Church."

is reach. goal our no beyond Beesley: Wilford A. "Working this unfamiliar orwith'"THOSE

I. deeper a the developed in A. M. * ganization surprised be would recreation will supervised YWELL insight the of of value the Church

at large percentage the the of meminterest to betthe continue it."to appreciation of and me

is active.bership Indeed, which ter and of the element community President Peter "It Hansen: M.

isit all to that hardly too say much in for best the desire a genuine life live a a desire life inspired clean to participate with ardor in some will be apparent in the youth of and to devote myself to a life of form or another. For example: the Church. The best in this life service."

It is conservatively estimated that prepares us for the highest blessings William N. Davis: "A faithfuleight thousand M Men tried out eternally. Each day should hold friend urging me upward and onfor the basketball tournament last for every person the investment of ward to better and nobler deeds."

year, and even more men are parself for the benefit of others. By James O. Bullock: "I have only

ticipating this year. Certain resuch an attitude we move in the to say the M. I. A. is one of the

quirements are made of the condirection of success and our happibest schools of religious instructestants, among them being that ness here and hereafter is assured. tion.

the player does not use tobacco or If the earnest, intelligent efforts Joseph H. Ellison: "It has

liquor. of the M. I. A. workers continue, helped me wonderfully in learning

In the drama contests last year, the fruits of their labors will be the law of the Lord."

six thousand young people took happy, clean men and women who "Edward H. Anderson: "It

part; ten thousand contestants enhave passed through the period of gave me an opportunity for extered for the dance; six hundred M adolescence safeguarded from the pression in many ways which has

Men and an equal number of evil habits that often destroy all given me joy and much satisfacGleaner Girls participated in the hope of a successful life tion-"

Resurrection Sonnet

spell month any other By Linda S. Fletcher D<'0S such By Clive Lovett Cleaves Brisk April? as does enchantment

promise vigorous bearing breezes, heart: to spoke my far faint strain and a of music /HEAR melting sunshine renewal; of leap sing? warm and "Why a-winging it softly soul comes IntoJ my

winter, and heart of the cold the Spring, sense youDo star distant angel band on tho some As awakening earth with an touching lacy a symphonyWhen, to set universe the chords, and Smote stabbing leafless tree green finger; points each of sky, the 'Gainst singing.

Weaves a wintry tracery through the sod; and bird calls. Soon beauty's glow invades my daily

All, of gloom a part?"April could not but be joyous, mind,

are insignificant earth's beauties for I glory see supernal mistily And heart:Answered my eternal the in with comparison stumbling clothe in light the Descend, and

is sky, the"Gray Let Eastertide. the of promise blind,

the breezesBut let attire, loveliest her passing by earth put on

Breathe of sweet expectancy hearts vibrate, and poets and singers Who cannot see the Author for his story.

to be; joys so soon ofTell

is to in glad music lift voices in brotherlove to soul soul proThen free, life awaking,Pulsing risen mated, Lord! of the the glory claim to start."soonMovement

Illusion's tower falls, is done. And sin

Chiding my heart: As from the birth of time was surely

"Ere night is gone fated.

to throb the dawn!You Christ is Risen Anon, triumphanthalls life through heaven's voiceless in harmony,WhileMillion stars make melody, By Claire Stewart Boyer Hunts mournful death—to his drear death

so sleepily,Night winds sigh is risen! with And Him rise The musicbelated. thitherNightthings dart."CHRIST fades—once more the harness

eyes: the glories of galls. All the

Replying to me: bulb Shoots from and seed and tree, i i 1

mystery. nature's the light Breathing"Know that

effaces E'er night!

nighttime, death, unrollChrist is risen; And mankind hears It Is Raining Winter,

spheres: the of the music feels soul, All the Yet no terror sing, By Mary M. Porter choirs and babe Bird and truly its goal: this Knowing

Life eternally!"Hearts rejoice and church bells ring. It is raining

Christ is risen! And from men's souls GLADLY the withered earth

Mood VirtuesCourage,risefaithtowardand heavenlycharity, goals: And Takesbasks eagerserene,refuge,content,

By Bertha Roberts Seeking out divinity; Beneath the deluge.

love and hope Justice, wisdom, leaves, dripping their Trees bow spring and morning was above; toward wings Him confiding. trustJT In garden In my men! and secretive cares Their most the skies flash from the sun I watched Resurrected—earthSoar onis again! risen once Christ chiding. heaven's To of the dewdrops sparkling gems makeAnd

A-glitter in violet eyes!

It is raining Today I remembered my garden And I would that in my life

Out there from this pain I could flee Spring, Would come sensation the shrivelled soul were all dewdropsBut my To stir

By Claire Stewart Boyer of aspiration. sorrow Tears To

Life, done have you what ardently so Spring loved HAVE -f tears refreshing Oh, that i y to me? 7 its fra- I first since years knew From ease sorrow, Would my breath. grant

the give to hope me And Hearing, Paloma""La On Gilead of It been has balm glad tomorrow. Of to toys broken all from pain For my Decker Dix Fae By

death; lands in other smiled spring when And strains of a symphony in winter's held world was small alluring And my tender,rHEHaunting,

What do you leave me to wonder? snare, Morning, Song,

Concealing mystery and love? I closed my eyes and ran up icy hills,

And dreamed that spring was blowing By Shirley Rei Gudmundsen

Eyes that bring memories through my hair.

Poignant thoughts that pain, TN spite of all the night has wrought

I rise; I morning, World!""Good have passed life's one bright J. Longing, seeking, hoping When lift five fingers I cry, wide and spring,

Ah, what depths of emotions you touch! And winter grips my earth in silver To dawn clouds, softly curled,

to see back, thoughts night push frost, And my I clinging see gossamer white—grass blades, hills fresh dewpearled. icy steep The matter what to a No maiden,

sister is daffodils I terrortost, their soul gay climb, nor And how my dove andA blossoms—sunlight—the in faith sun; Goldyellow childish cling I with can of a flower, fragrance Then—-the

I fill art, threads practice, with matin refreshing that sweet loom that my IfTo is after naught And, mysticthat—there I springtime that has begun, shall That say of not am old me They in melody! pathos your But

the spin bright back eternal shall day through spring blow And For my again—

darkness had undone. Alone I am again—and wondering heart. That

Economic Aspects o L. D. S.

Achievements By STEPHEN L. RICHARDS

Of the Council of the Twelve

to the Lord"independent on his temporal welfare, ing temporalities, and so much atHOLINESS scribed over the door of a the Church has never hesitated to tention has been devoted by the mercantile house and the interest itself in these temporaliPriesthood and Church organizaword "Zion"incorporated into the ties. This has made the Church tions to the prosperity and financial

names of banking and other busivital to its members. The Kingwelfare of the people that we have

ness institutions indicate an undom of God in the conception of been charged by our critics with usual and significant condition in the Latterday Saints is ultimately gross materialism in our worship.

the business world of the twentieth to be a temporal as well as a spiritcentury. The names of presiding ual kingdom, and the preparation 'TTIEY who have so criticized us,

Church officers set out and adverwhich the Church makes for the however, have not understood tised as corporate heads and officers establishment of the Kingdom that this apparent materialism has of large business enterprises call atmust of necessity contemplate mabeen underlaid with a foundation tention to a situation which has terial things. This view, however, of intense and sincere spirituality;

few if any counterparts throughis not in opposition to earthly govthat in the conception of a Latterout the country. Indeed so comernment, for it is a cardinal prinday Saint his material advancepletely have business and the ciple subscribed to by all Latterment is but incident to and neceschurch been divorced in recent years day Saints that the governments sary for the accomplishment of his

throughout the world generally of men shall be supported and upchief purpose in life, which is to that the mere mention of religion held by them. Then, too, the promote the work of God and

in connection with financial affairs Priesthood as the presiding and win for himself exaltation in the usually evokes only a sneer or directing power in the Church has celestial kingdom. All of the

smile of amused contempt. Realways been charged with the remeans and property which the

ligious principles, sentiment and sponsibility of conserving not only Church or its members accumulate dominance have long since passed the spiritual but also the temporal are in the true conception of things in the world of secular affairs. welfare of the people. This power to be regarded as trusteed assets to

With their passing the church as is not exercised by compulsion but be consecrated and devoted to the the representative of organized reby persuasion and kind direction. establishment of the Kingdom. It

ligion has admittedly lost a great It has been a most potent factor is not expected that all of a man's part of the vital influence that it in guiding the financial destinies property shall be turned into the once held over the lives of men. of the people. Even direct revelatreasury of the Church for official

It is more than "passing tions from the Lord have been distribution. He is expected to

strange,"therefore, that in this day given in these latter days concernbe a steward of that portion which is left in his custody and dischargeour of Jesus Church Church-—the

his stewardship always with reChrist of Latterday Saintsshould boldly and frankly own, man and spect to the objectives just menoperate active, competitive business tioned.

institutions. It stands out as peSo, with these understandings

culiar as does many another feaon the part of our Church as an ture of our Church work and ororganization and its people indiganization and its real significance vidually, it is not so strange that can be understood only by those from its earliest days the Church who comprehend the underlying has sought to make every contrigenius of the organization and bution possible to the temporal mission of the Church. welfare of the people and the communities in which they live.

[7E interpret the restored Gospel in terms of living. Our TTS contributions have consisted

theology is not a mere abstract not alone in the advancement of philosophy which has no applicamoney, but also in bringing to the tion to life. Anything which conpeople inspired direction and countributes to the happiness, wellbe- sel with reference to their needs

ing and eternal good of man is and problems and a spirit of cowithin the province of religion. operation and organization which

Since man's happiness is largely The Author have been invaluable in meeting

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 393 the situations with which they been confronted with the problems Church therein. A volume, for

have been confronted. This diand hardships of the pioneer. The instance, could be written on such

rection and cooperation and the Church as an organization has a subject as the contribution of spirit of deferential obedience to been their sustaining friend, givthe Church to irrigation, or to the the Priesthood have been chiefly ing infinite aid in the making of beet sugar industry. How engagresponsible for the wellmerited roads, the building of bridges, the ing and romantic would be an

reputation of our people as notable construction of reservoirs, ditches account of the organization, opcolonizers and empire builders. and canals, comprising extensive eration and decline of the old silk

It would be impossible within irrigation systems, the stocking of factory in Dixie! I never pass the

the scope of this brief article to farms and ranches and the acquisiremnants of the old mill but that even name the many projects of a tion of the land itself, the estabmy imagination is stirred and secular character to which the lishment of stores, factories, mines, thrilled at the courage and auChurch has made contribution. banks, insurance companies, lightdacity of such a project when the

There is scarcely a single phase of ing plants, water systems, railcountry was so new and forbidthe economic and commercial deroads, commercial buildings and ding.

velopment of the country wherein substantially every other activity Some day I think these interestits members have resided which has and enterprise involved in the ecoing stories will be written and pubnot been touched and directly innomic development of a country lished. When they are, they will

fluenced by it. The members of and a people. recount a record of achievements

the Church for the greater part of and a genius for organized, coits history have lived on the fron- A LMOST any one of these items operative helpfulness in the ecotier. Ever pushing and being would furnish an interesting nomic life and struggles of a peopushed westward from the Atlantic theme for study and exposition in ple and a country, the like of which

seaboard, they have constantly relation to the participation of the has never before been set out.

California Poppies

By MARY C. SHAW

Shining faces greet the sunrise, original wild form for busy hybriin noontide'sBreezeblown warm glow, dizers have wrought wonders.

twilight the withClosing gently late Luther Burbank, along—Poppies everywhere we go! The

these lines, worked with the poptale of theme andGolden legend pies scatterfor years. a few From

lore, into SpanishWoven distinctive ing ones which showed all glintingFilling beauty with characteristics and a tendency to—Native of our western shore. break away from the ordinary

Sunspilled blossoms of the southland bloom, he started his wizardry.

hillsSpringtime and vales enfold, And from these socalled "sports"Seagreen laces, jewel's splendor

Mr. Burbank finally developed—California's cup of gold. crimson, snowwhite and mar-

"C ACH and every flower of our velous fireflame poppies, so one gardens is native and in its can now have an almost endless very own, true home somewhere or Charming, too, as Cut Flowers. variety of beautiful tints and

other in this wide earth. shades. Besides the wellknown

years ago, and since then the flower goldenorange there are lemon,

Eschscholtzia or California pophas become more and more popular cream, tangerine, copper, apricot, py, as the name indicates, grows for the garden, both in our own rose buff and ivory white, while wild in many sections of the state, country and in Europe. many flowers are twotoned, havand all through springtime its The plant is very lovely, indeed, ing a lining of a different color

flowers paint our hillsides with even before the blossoms appear, from the outside of the petals, and splashes of glorious color. for it has delicate, finelycut, graysome are even double.

In those early days when the green foliage and a neat and attracSelect a sunny location for the

Spaniards sailed along our coast, tive habit of growth. Sprays are California poppy. The plant is

they called it "The Land of Fire,"unusually satisfactory when used quite adapted to any soil. It does

while mariners twentyfive miles as greenery in boquet mixtures, so not, however, relish too great a at sea, because of the vivid color, the plant is really one of the very supply of moisture but will endure were guided by these gorgeous best even for small gardens. drought exceedingly well, growing

poppy fields glowing so brilliantly and blooming in the meantime.

in the sun. '"THE flower itself is composed of Sow thinly very early in spring

This "cup of gold"was studied *- four satiny petals which push and where the plants are to remain, and named Eschscholtzia, for himoff a tiny green nightcap and unfor like all other poppies, they are self, by a German botanist, J. F. fold very early in the day. There always averse to transplanting.

Eschscholtz, more than a hundred have been many changes from the (Continued on page 431)

Ideals and Early Achievements of the Church in Education By DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN

Of the Council of Twelve and of the General Superintendency of the Y. M. M. 1. A.

educational achievements ease, and crime—will, from among the slightest degree of educationTHEof a people indicate their inthem, be routed. merely what is to be had in the

; with no tellectual ideals. With memmost modest rural school

college, a to attend aims, these the bers Church of these Moral Standards Interwoven opportunity licontact great without with a instrucare ideals, founded upon Intellectual with scholars. brary or with Joseph early to the Church that came tions

looking Smith! and I am now its historyin live the in accordance with through the Prophet HTO have for years to find been looking Smith. idealsJoseph teachings of Jesus of and

Nazareth, to be free from wrong someone wise enough to explain at him. to to lie be able down Intellectual Ideals of a doing, The clearcut, powerful lannight to a satsweet dreams with

People used, farthe guage he unusual and isfied are what conscience—these reaching doctrines taught, the he as regard in important elements we

is Intelliof Glory GodTHE influence exerted the he has over education. other eduhigh Some * 93: Cov. gence."(Doc. and of of of hundreds thousands cational ideals that to have come

. is for a impossible "It man 36) these came the us are through that Prophet people—whencelives (Doc. ignorance."in to be saved powers? "the sin look cannot Lord upon is Cov. 131:6). and man "A If directleast he guided not the with degree was and of allowance"gets faster he knowlthansaved no inspiration, as his ed people (Doc. by that and Cov. 1:31), VolChurch, (History of edge."

let believe, then wise intelligence principle of "whatever some man people 5 our IV: 88).ume To

it life, his explain attain this in will forward uncome unto and we represent to these have come words rise leadership, usual his in the resurrection,"us with wondrous the Joseph of Prophet viewsthe teachings. that the and knowledge and more education; and concerningSmith,

intelligence a in this gains man breasts in the kindledthey have life, greater the his will be advanStand on The Church the the theof of Church members tage in the to (Doc. world come to ignorance, eliminate toambition Knowledge Cov. and 130:1819).

intodisseminate and knowledge, crease intelligence. Joseph Smith! Where did he HTHE Church, always intensely

interested in scholschools ideas, get these these ideals? and poor A as underEducation, however, arship, attitude. has taken but one boy, in the country, he born had as enstood and by the Prophet

is attitude expressed these in get to That opportunity no than more couraged by the Church, means words: "Religion, morality, and

something more than scholastic knowledge, being necessary to good learning. It aims at building up of happiness and the it governmentcharacter, dependability; honor, of mankind, schools the means and

means efficiency. It demands the education shall forever be encourcomplete development of physical, aged."

mental, and spiritual powers. Its

aim is high. It endeavors to accomplish the greatest good. It emSchools Always Established

bodies charity, love, sympathy, vision, insight, intelligent effort. CROM its very beginning, an

It is education which signifies livoutstanding characteristic of establishthe has been Church to the Christianing a life,—doing the of schools promotion ment and asothers have others do we would

to us, and literally putting into of education.

practice the doctrine that it is better Early Church history records a to give than to receive. It requires great amount of persecution, the

interest primarily in the welfare of Saints often being driven from others. It rejoices at the prospertheir homes. Yet whenever a sufity of friends. This ideal, if finally ficient number settled in one place

achieved, will so exalt a people, for even a few weeks, a school was that the oldest and most stubborn started.

enemies of disThe Author As early as June, 1831, a commankind—poverty,

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 395 mittee was appointed to select and a Church, as a Town Hall, and as a Collin of Illinois signed the charprint school books. Court House, as well as for a ter. Nauvoo was a flourishing

"the city beautiful."school house."place, Among while In of 1833, the summer and outstanding its important thethe to people were migrating

vicinity of the present Kansas City, Adult Education Provided features were schools and school became buildings, however, which, becauseMissouri, Pratt, Parley P. in interest educathe was "KTOR when, loss to the total a Church

his intellectual attainments,of was children. - tion confined to As forced were people the in 1846-7,

called a to conduct organize and instrucearly as December, 1832, start their to and homes abandonschool. place of says: He "The establish tions to issued were "A westward.

air in the under openmeeting was the the of Prophets."School Here

some tall trees in a retired place. doctrines of the Church, the life

To attend this school, I had to and teachings of Jesus, and the Improvised Schools of travel on foot and sometimes with principles of righteousness were Early Utah feet at that, six miles."bare about Elders. to 18, taught the On Feb. pioneers comhad the if can, that kind andMatch, you XJ ARDLY rehad 1833, Orson Pratt, who matchless pleted their march zeal for ofquality knowledge. a previous the turned from day

Since begun. schools were when the Church was school. in this as a student not mittedTHOUGH short mission to the East, was adacross the plains, July 24, 1847, classes houses, were no school until organized April 6, 1830, schothere mentality and This man's

tents in wagons. and were held first issue thethe of "Morning and lastic the that attainments show

as served logs pieces of Sawedoff in Star,"June,Evening em1832, of high been done must have work letters seats; old cut newsfrom necessity schools. for thephasized quality.

All the way beside the long line of For a time, in a school conpapers and pasted upon shingles travel that has been followed by ducted in the Temple at Kirtland, took the place of readymade charts. facilitiesthe school have the elders of the leading of many winter of 1847-8 the During the trees,been the to themselves devoted Church Church,improvised—under Julian under schools small two fires. tents,in in wagons, by camp study of Hebrew.

In Kirtland, Ohio; in Jackson Moses and Mary Jane Dilworth

then was in what were conductedCounty, County, and Clay three within February, 1835, CaldTN in PioFort"as the "Old Missouri;well County, in Quincy of after the the known opening weeks

and Nauvoo, Illinois; and in Kirtland school, the classes had beneer Square, in Salt Lake City.

Montrose, Iowa, the paths of the come so large and the house so Oliver B. Huntington comChurch have been blazed by the crowded that many had to be exmenced school in the Old Fort in

his 1848; 30 by 50 November,light the schools of it has everycluded. E. McLellan's Re- (Wm.

first in the foot school house was setwhere and fostered. up "I writes: McLellan port.) Mr.

It the in located Valley. the was differfive in school taught have after the In exodus 1846, from the Fort and corner of northwest visited schools States ent have and interest great so the wasNauvoo, as built a Fort the of part Old

I as a in engaged not which was esin schools education that were It a sixlight wall. had window;

I teacher; in say none, with can settletablished the in temporary glass since to there be but was no

I certainty, seen students have make Pisofments Grove, Mt. Garden pieces cloth, greased of with had,

this."in progress rapid than more ingah, subsequently some and fat, substituted. were When teaching for school Hebrew A inforty settlements Pottawatamie the permit, door weather would the winter conducted during was later Schools wereCounty, Iowa. light. left to admit was open The Professor Joshua of 1835 by in Kanesville, nowconducted laid logs, split walls of were made interest Seixas. aroused Great was in Bluffs,Council Winter Iowa; covclose together. roof was The in languages. of ancient the study Florence, Nebraska;Quarters, now floor the harddirt; ered with was

also in Pueblo, Colorado, where ened clay. Boards from an old

the sixth detachment of the MorEarly Schools at Nauvoo. The wagonbox served as tables. The

mon Battalion and a number of First Church University source of heat was a fireplace in

Mississippi had temSaints from sage which was burned. brush The folten years that the TOURING located.porarily girls, strong, healthy, and and the the boys of lowed, members

Church were so persecuted and unaccustomed to a fire in their own

Education on Plains and driven that notwithstanding their homes, did not seem to notice the

Frontiers unusual interest in schools, educacold in the school room.

tional work was seriously hamTN the "History of Caldwell and pered. About Nauvoo, however, A LMOST any book was used as Livingston Counties"(Nationgood permanent school houses were '** a text—those that had not

al Historical Company, 1886) the built. been burned for fuel nor thrown

following concerning Far West, The interest in advanced scholout during the long journey across

Missouri, occurs: "The Morarship was such that on Dec. 10, the plains. In some schools one

mons very early gave attention to 1840, when the Church was but book had to serve a whole class.

educational matters. # There were ten years old and its membership A record dated April 2, 1849,

many teachers among them, and only 25,000, the University of the has the following: "There have

school houses were among their City of Nauvoo was established been a large number of schools the first buildings. The school house as the head of the school system of past winter in which Hebrew,

in Far West (1836-9) was used as the people. Governor Thomas Greek, Latin, French, German,

396 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

Tahitian, and English languages the organization of the Church public schools from 30 to 50 per have been taught."Before Christinto wards and stakes—all concent of their children.

mas of that year the pioneers had tributed to the development of small, operation, united in schools compact, closely and morenew started the arrival a A Vigorous Teaching Force communities, were without with of town strictly rural each of immigrants. of population in any company new teachers of the of Utah MANY fact in during the In resembling almost year 1849, them, and between 1890 1875 and

schools were commenced in each of every important respect the early were, perhaps, even above the averthe 19 wards of Salt Lake City. New England type of community age of professional ability at the

School houses, mostly adobe buildlife. With each group of settlers, present time (1900). They were

ings, were erected in nearly all of the religious and political instituprobably of finer character, greater these wards before 1852. tions of the community developed intellectual caliber, and stronger

together. individuality than many modern

"7HEN Captain James Brown In town communities, education teachers with more years of prepapurchased the Goodyear Fort, has always found its most fertile ration behind them. There was a

where now stands the city of soil; and since the main purpose of vigorous virility about their work

Ogden, schools were at once orthose who settled Utah was to dethat is often lacking since the ganized there. The same forwardvelop their ideals of temporal and schools have been better systemlooking spirit was \ manifest at spiritual perfection, it is not suratized and their work more closely

Provo, Manti, and other towns as prising to find in the Utah Annual supervised; and, while we feel a

early as '49, schools being one of School Report, 18981900 (Royjust pride in contemplating the the first matters to claim the attenlance), many interesting comments present improved conditions of our tion of each group of settlers. As on the resulting growth of educaschool system, it might be well to

a rule they were conducted first in tion. He calls attention to the fact ask whether this period of struggle

private homes and later in school that the social effects of the "Morand distress might not have develbuildings, which served also for mon"organization are important, oped some characteristics that we church services and social recreathat no church ever possessed a would better not discard without tion. more nearly perfect organization, careful consideration.

schools early mainwere These or surer inreaching of and means schools began "Our when Utah first tuitiontained donaand by all its fluencing of and members began, they as have and grown later, tion; as developed, they by securing their active response. With has the of grown. Utah Many territorial appropriations. the schools public method and aim ablest reof today and men women Territorial Superthe In 1857 utilized this organization. says He ceived their the education in public

reported log school intendent further that for the most part Utah schools before their 1890, and seats inhouses and slab most of the schools have backwoods had no sufficient deeds are words and alone settlements. These were the recommunities to deal with; that to indicate the kind of training that

sults struggles of of a people the crossschools the of there were few * them. ar was given * * We (surrounded not were onlywho type, roads little of the and primsettlers early indebted to the of the

with poverty but were 2,000 miles itive ignorance that characterizes country for the greater part of the beyond the frontier of civilization. many older communities. excellent educational advantages

the take into account we When enjoy. which educawe Our now the in of people those days,poverty

is soil tion deeprooted in the that Significance of This Zeal for labors the to arduous theyand had * * * all nourishes institutions. our Learning the in to forth orderput redeem

is blot pages the There of no upon it isdesert, perhaps too not much the history education in of Utah. great hopes 1850, with and TN sacrificesto that the say they made

is It a record persistent of energy, resources, small the University successes the in achieved theyand faithful of to adherence higher of Deseret, the University of now arethe schools establishment of without parallel. Utah, was born. Orson Spencer purpose, and a constant struggle

as Chancellor of the Board, with through difficulties that would since collegebred the long among men theEffects of TownCommu- other weaker pioneers, enthusiastically character."—Roylancehave discouraged menReof nity System port, 1900. for higher exhibiworkededucation—an

T'HE population of early Utah tion of the ideals of the people.

was neither urban nor rural, It is surprising, Professor RoyPioneers of Western but a sort of mixture of these two lance notes, that the people of Education elements, and possessing characterUtah in those early days did so istics not found in any other Amermuch for education. They were 'THE members of the Latterday

ican community. This society, a actually more isolated from civiliSaint Church have to their

development arising from the pezation than were the early settlers credit the establishment at Fort culiar nature of the country and of America. Surrounded by savSupply of the first school in Wyof the religious and industrial conages, often hostile, their country oming; and like priority is true

ditions of the people, caused them invaded by a Federal Army which also of the school established at to develop a strong sense and conthreatened their jextinction as a Port Limhi in, Idaho. Early atdition of social unity. The small community, their loyalty questention to educational matters was

size of the tillable areas, the necestioned, their crops repeatedly desgiven at Genoa (now of Nevada);

sity for irrigation, the Indian dantroyed by drought, crickets, and and when Orson Hyde and his gers common to those early days, grasshoppers, they yet placed in the colonists arrived in Carson City in..

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 397

1853. schools were established. Greek and Latin, ancient, medieval, versed in history and skilled in ora-

"Probably the first school in and modern history, natural history.

San Bernardino County, Califortory, physical science, political The same high standard was nia, was taught in a tent at the foot economy, logic, and English litermaintained in the University of of the Cajon Pass, while the Morature. Deseret. In the curriculum the

mons waited for their leaders to "It is probable,"says the histoCeltic and Teutonic languages were select a location for their new rian Bancroft, "that in the Univerto rank side by side with the 'Zion'"(Ingersoll's San Bernarsity of Deseret more has been acRomanic, and all leading languages dino County, p. 203) complished at the average cost for spoken by men were to be includeach pupil of $50.00 or $60.00 a ed. Astronomy, chemistry, enThe University of Utah year per capita than in any similar gineering, and other branches of

Rescued institution where the pretensions science were to be studied. "For,

were greater and the expense in having sought first the Kingdom "VfANY and serious were the proportion"(History of Utah, p. of Heaven, the Saints were now

* early struggles of the Univer711). assured that knowledge and all

sity of Utah. In March, 1882, for other things should be added unto

example, because of the refusal of Standards of Educational them"(Bancroft, p. 326).

the legislature to place desired Workpatronage at the disposal of GovAS early as 1848-9 there were ernor Eli H. Murray, the governor HHHE high character of the educa- ** many schools in which Heexpressed his resentment by vetoing * tional work done by the Church brew, Greek, Latin, French, Gerthe bill appropriating money for may be judged by the remarks of man, Tahitian, and English lanthe University of Deseret. Bancroft on the University of the guages were taught. German

A group of publicspirited citiCity of Nauvoo. He says that the books were brought and used in

zens, all members of the "Morpresident, who was professor of order that the elders might learn mon"Church, rescued the UniEnglish, was James Kelly, a graduthat language (Bancroft, pp.

versity at this time by advancing ate of Trinity College, Dublin, 324-5).

money for aiding in the construcand a ripe scholar. The professor In every community today

tion of a building. This roll of of mathematics, Orson Pratt, was where the "Mormon"people are

honor follows: a man of pure mind and high order sufficient in number to wield an

Feramorz Little of ability, who, without early edappreciable influence, the finest

William Jennings ucation and amidst great difficulbuildings in all the communities

TrusteeinTrust of the ties, had to achieve learning as best are the public schools. To the

the could; system, school public in truth achieved and American he Christ he of Jesus Church

it. gives its loyal undividprofessor languages, of and Church The Saints of Latterday

Orson Spencer, was a graduate of ed support. Horace S. Eldredge Union College and of the Baptist Joseph F. Smith

John R. Park Theological Seminary of New (Education as a Church activity

George Q. Cannon York.History, TheSidneyprofessorRigdon,of Churchwas article)will be dealt with in a second Henry Dinwoodey

Sharp and Sons Robert T. Burton

John T. Caine

Industrial School and AgriTke Contagion of Attitude cultural College By MARY M. PORTER

TN 1888 among the measures en- * acted by the legislature was one HTHERE worked in a canning ment was brought to them. Hence,

for bonding the territory for * factory one summer a young when they did have the chance to $150,000.00 for the establishment girl who was trying to earn money fill their pans, they greedily did

of the Agricultural College and to help defray her college expenses so, one being jealous and cross if the Reform School. Thus the first for the coming school year. She another happened to secure a

bonded debt of Utah was incurred was one of a cosmopolitan group greater amount than she. Each was

for educational purposes. of eight or nine women, who were glumly absorbed in her task, somsnipping a special kind of bean. bre, shifting eyes, compressed lips,

First University Courses Wages being determined by the and strained face manifesting her number of pounds of the vegetable suspicion and hostility.

'T'HE curriculum of the Universnipped, it was natural that these The college girl, a newcomer, * sity was to include all living workers, most of them facing a infected with the dominating languages and the sciences. Both grim struggle for life, should want spirit, had at first adjusted herself

sexes were admitted. The attendto be kept busy as much of their to it, until one day, while nervousance in 1 870 was 546. In 1 882 it working time as possible. So avid ly waiting for the carrier to replenhad an academic, a normal, and a was their eagerness for the beans, ish the beanbox, she began to

preparatory department. The and so rapidly did they work, that think: "What's all this worth,

courses for which certificates were these women quite often depleted anyway? The few more beans

awarded included mathematics, their supply before a new consign- (Continued on page 424) ( Out of the Buvnin Chapter Five By ENVIRONMENT could not IVY WILLIAMS STONE transform Curly Harrison overnight. For weeks she

remained the timid, shy child of learned to swim and dance and the hills. But gradually the dipride, her sister passed through a

ped hair regained its natural color period of marvelous readjustment.

and lustre, the pimples disappeared, While Portia quarreled with her the grimy skin yielded to proper governess, quelled her mother and foods and tender care. The worn wheedled her father, Pamela

nails yielded to polishing, and a "Whenever Portia encountered Curly acquired a real education from dentist managed to save her teeth. dressed like herself, she flushed in anger."Aunt Eunice. The old judge had

Dr. Locke cured the injured toe, all owned a fine library, enlarged by

the while berating the mountain many additions from Eunice.

people for ignorance and neglect. peared through a hole in the floor! Curly had free access to this treasher spoiled Portia While felt at a time, frequently, she ureland. her as they timing cameEcho A little sodas frequent too digestion with it.visits court grasp to could Eunice sessions. She brought Echo and

clothes surpassing Curly's wildest told Curly the story of her life. and vexed her riding master with

dreams. Trim oxfords encased the She learned that the dignified, stern wild rides, Curly learned the secrets

feet which had only known shoes judge, who always wore a white of the masters. Dickens and Scott,

for winter; stylish coats, clever carnation in his buttonhole, was Hugo and Maupassant, Cooper and

hats, always duplications of the really her father; that the pretty Longfellow became her friends.

clothes purchased for the judge's Echo, who showered her with kissHistory and poetry, essays and ficthe avidly were consumed by es actution and clothes, Portia. beautiful hugs and wasdaughter white A soul. that Studies were starved ally dainty, that the her mother; valbed, all her the most was own,

ued gift. Curly thought often of overdressed, spoiled Portia Harriirksome tasks to Portia were privthe homemade, narrow, hard son was her twin sister. She learned ileges to the child who had known

couch on which she and Millie had with astonishment that the Turner so much poverty and privation.

clothes, enamusements and While mother, not father, family wereslept for so many years.

life, tertainment up Portia's made reality, brother but in and sister, kidnappers who had altered her they were only accessories to Curly, dreamed daily of future acwhole childhood. who Portia HarUNLIKE complishments. her did not accept newrison, Curly

fortune as a divine right. While

all accepted calculating eyesPortia's became G,URLY J yAD,"announced these alterations changes with and filled with Curly's appraising,and at Portia classof one the morning the adaptability of childhood, and fortune, her of the good wonders es, a "I want own. my flavored older an with philosophy car—all surroundings. She her in joyand

little a clever There's roadster over the privation of and knowledge at the ceased marvel tonever

Beacon's; pale blue. My, but toat She felt no bitterness cold, want.changes. hot or Water,

it's keen!"family, for mountain ward the white the beautifulflowed into

continued Judge Har- "Who,"their as her loved they own. had of toting as sink you willed. No rison unperturbed, the was "who felt the resentment She toward no in buckets Milkheavy up a hill.

first of Charles the of real acpredecessor father refused to who bottles porch appeared on theshiny over night. No weary hunt for knowledge her as his child. She England?"

an elusive cow over barren hills. expressed only humor at her sis- "It can do fifty per, easy,"

The kitchen stove cooked at the ter Portia's superior airs, at her illmused Portia. "Now, Dad, please,

turn of a button. Aunt Eunice mannered stare which never hinted lay off that musty old history.

did not know what doty chips of recognition. Whenever Portia Why worry over dead kings when

were. She did not even put the encountered Curly dressed like herthe hills are green and blue cars are

precious coal in her stove, which self, she flushed in anger, hurried coaxing?"

the beautiful cardinal had helped arrogantly on, and later berated "If you want a car, you will

Curly to find. It became a pleasher mother for allowing Aunt merit it. You cannot go on to law

ure to watch the girls of Harrison Eunice to copy her clothes for a college unprepared. You must have

Home do their laundry. No barfoundling! It became a game begrounding in languages, history,

literature and mathematics."rel tubs; no backbreaking rubbing tween them—Portia and her fathover faded old clothes; no "bilin'er on one side; Eunice and Echo "Who wants law college?"

over outdoor fires. A wonderful on the other, secure in their claims, countered Portia. "Not me!"

machine did all the work and the but willing to allow time its own "You will be educated as an atwaste water miraculously disapcourse of adjustment. While Portia torney, Portia. Meet me at the liThe Improvement Era for April, 1930 399

brary tonight at five, and I will to Evangeline. Other students put

examine you for an hour. Sort of up their work and left, but the

a quiz. If you meet my expectacouple in the corner stayed on.

tions, we will then discuss cars."The man was pompously erect, the 5&ft

"I was going riding after school girl deferentially attentive. Curly

with Spike Reeves. We want to Harrison knew her father had made

gather violets. Mother likes them a mistake. Other people had made

so much."the same error. But he had never

"If you pass my requirements, spoken to her before, and she could

I may consider the purchase of a not resist this opportunity to prove car,"reiterated her father. For her accomplishments. Finally he

once Portia's tactics of persuasion sat back, reached for his cane and were unavailing. She coaxed and hat, visibly pleased. "Really,"he

pouted, and finally flounced from conceded, "you are better informed the room. She had only one solthan I had hoped. Tomorrow we

ace. She was wearing the bewill inspect roadsters."He rose

coming new spring outfit of green to leave, waiting for her to follow.

which her mother had purchased. "If you don't mind, I have more

references to look up,"Curly shrank from spoiling his compla-

I HAT afternoon Curcency. "I will come later."

ly Harrison hastened from school theto library. for trying She was Deliberately,the bibliothe debating team and dignified, his carnation seeming to

graphy of her subject called for revive with his own jubilancy, the varied references. How happy she judge descended the library steps.

was! She felt confident of a place He collided with a young woman

on the team. Mother Echo, as she hurrying in.

affectionately called Mrs. Harrison, "Pardon me,"she cried, then

had furnished a beautiful suit of shrank back crestfallen. The judge,

green. Curly worked on, uncontoo, was nonplussed. "Portia!"

felt,scious time, until rather she of beautiful, he her Portia curls imwas I have "You—here? over pause saw,than a shadow maculately perfect, arranged, her poise but been this does cried,interviewing—what her shortlived. pleasureher. light the she was In subdued mean?"

suit, likelooked "Spike of gas, ran out and we its color or style with her classtight green hat.Portia—greenJudge Harrison, had to walk I couldn't home.

sat to thepunctual minute, down, it sooner. make My chest hurts mates.made thisSomeotherquirkgirl similarof naturein hadapsilklaid his cane hat and I've on a now, hurried so."

pearance; given Eunice had Auntchair, the verproceeded with and I did talk dewith?""Whom her the duplisurname, same andbal examination. jumped from He father. her manded a long "For cated their wardrobes whenever to ofSavonarola Queen Mary, I have hour a questioned young possible. It to unpleasant wasScots; to the the Renaissance from I mistook for you. woman whom Portia to; twitted be her about to geometry from BenWorld War She clothes. was wearing your double; to be her asked concerning the hypothesis nebularHur; from is she?"Who their understudy; to scholashave

her,"flashed Portia, vis- "Ask; standings to be quescompared

a lost ioning roadster. antic "Her tioned her lost twin, about who swer interest might you."was buried out in Montana. Fortunately, the girl herself did not

force her company upon Portia. Harrison did J UDGE other avenues of occupaShe had not reenter library. the he But

tion. tennis, Portia played While paced the his study half batnight,

tling with his traditional pride. she studied Cicero; while Portia

Spike regReeves speed and broke next he the The morning wrote ulations, girl quieter the walked Governor the and of ParBoard exercise, for for papers marked dons, the recommending of pardon teachers, overtaxed assisted or Miss Silas intimated Hoggan. that He in Eunice tasks the of Harmany the sentence have might been too

severe. rison Home. She gave no thought

to her commencement gown;

The enticing days of April Mother Echo had taken that rerolled on to June and commencesponsibility, ment. Portia was determined to

keep the matter of her graduation secret. dress a She did not want C OMMENCEMENT to duplicate Eunice it, as Aunt she night. Judge and Mrs. Harrison

That afternoon Curly hastened from seemed to have done so frequently in a box.. Privately, the judge was

school to the library. before, so Portia refused to discuss (Continued on page 433)

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

VI The Metaphysical Basis of Ethics

What Are the Grounds of Moral associated anciently, as it is today, type of ethical theory have in the

Faith? with rejection of all religious faith, end become pessimists. In one

together with failure to develop notable instance in the history of

What Are the Basic Values Upon a constructive philosophy of life. Greek thought, one of these was

Which All Other Moral ValClosely allied to moral skepticalled "The Persuader to Death."f

ues Depend? cism is the now popular fashion of Moral faith is grounded upon

setting aside the moral standards belief in the possibility of distinWhat Is Most Worth Striving long recognized and tested by the guishing between right and wrong,

For? most spiritually enlightened of and in the further possibility of

mankind and the substitution bringing both individual and social therefor of a code of morals based life more nearly into conformity faith is grounded in upon the materialistic view of life with the right.MORALeither religion or philosoand the supremacy of the demands

is Right Determined? phy or in both. Moral for bodily satisfactions, for gratiHow

skepticism is inconsistent with the fication of the appetites and pasfundamental concepts of religion sions, for living the unrestrained "PHE conception of right grows as it is with any constructive phil- "natural"life with little regard for out of judgments of value;

osophy. One who believes that the future, either their own or that judgments of value grow out of

the world is fundamentally spiritof their fellowmen. As for any desires. The highest concepts of

ual; that in this world there is proregard for God, moral freedom, right grow out of the highest and

gress toward realization of the and immortality, these are regarded noblest desires. Such concepts are

good; that the good is attainable as outworn superstitions that have commonly called moral or religiby those who seek after it; and been dispelled by the brilliant light ous ideals. The most widely recthat there is in process of developof modern science, so interpreted ognized of these ideals among civment a community of persons with as to yield the familiar mechanisilized, historic peoples are, in large

God as their pattern and inspiratic materialistic view of the world. measure, the product of the recogtion who are progressively realiznized spiritual leaders of mankind.

is fact illustrated in This Confucannot the good; such a personing the world of conception HPHE cius, in India; in China; Buddha, skeptic or a either a moralbe is series the in this maintained Socrates, in Greece; in the Moses,pessimist. it, logtherefore, opposite of this; in Jesus, wilderness Sinai; of and

ically leads to a very different atPalestine. historic stanmoral The it so said, is not often been has "As religion titude and ethics. toward life suffering ideals of which civilized pain dards and of the the and much

crushes the individual as it is its meanThese two disciplines are here conworld have been established in ingless and hopelessness."* joined in the common cause of uplarge measure by these spiritual

a morals of system holding their disciples. that leaders and The

is skepticism will realization highlead to of the common-V/fORAL great of mass been have mankind -*-*- associated est ly a meaningvalues the enduring with most and in initiative, the moral wanting life, or less a life. hopeless religion survived of has view or of No insight, the the courage to and

with both, since the one naturally and had great influence with enbring forth such ideals. These same

grows out of the other.Moral skeplightened peoples that has not inindividuals and groups in large

ticism was as radical and rampant cluded a system of morals, posinumbers have, however, the caamong certain "enlightened"Greek tive morals that have stood the test pacity to recognize and to approve teachers of youth as it now is with of centuries, and when practiced, these ideals as they are made clear some contemporary writers. The have yielded enduring satisfactions. to their understandings and apgeneral formula of the skeptic is The case has been similar with pealing to their emotions. Thus

that there are no universal or gensystems of ethics, which provide millions have acknowledged and eral standards of right; that each the theoretical foundations for venerated moral ideals that they

individual should, therefore, satispractical morality. Narrow, shortcould themselves but feebly realize

fy his own personal desires, whatsighted systems of ethics have been. in practice.

ever they may chance to be. This the progenitors of shortsighted These historic facts are not ofmoral skepticism was commonly and irrational moral practices, fered as a final solution of the

foltheir led in turn, have, which i. e., issue, here at question How Social Des- C. *Elwcod, A.—Man's or to destruction either to is to here the lowers and of an individual now tiny, by permission p. 14. Used

hisIt is against revolt an them. Nashville, Press, publishers, Cokesbury

Tenn. torical fact that exponents of this fHegesias.

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 401

determine the right? Before this the laws of the state, or merely monization of desires is imposquestion can be answered with satas the customs of the society of sible.

isfaction there are other problems which they are members. This does Speaking in terms of religion,

that should first be solved. not satisfy the demands of philthe love of God and of fellowosophy nor does it satisfy the popmen furnishes the basis upon

the the of of youth demands a of complete system morals which What Are the Basic Moral ular century. twentieth have We this Since in determined. be alcan Values? is detersaid that the ready good is the love standard maniof God

that of value, mined by judgments fested love fellowmen, in of and the spirituallyand mostJESUS rest deof value judgments upon is seekin this in turn, manifested enlightened of his contemporathat the highest good, sires, and all, ries the highest of the ing good is this held that basis found in therefore, the highout of grows eliof again one becomes problem the love of the love and of God est desires. noble and most The all desires, attitudes, and minatingfellowmen. philThe German

is to then, problem, determine actions that of fosterhinder andosopher, is Kant, held that there are highest which desires and desires, attitudes, actions most ing andnothing in that the world particular is goodnoble, judgand what individual that help each and everyinitself other than goodwill- ments of value grow out of such full satisfactions to the to enjoyThese to views, coming us from desires. universalized. that thus can bemost eminent fields leaders in the

of religion and ethics, certainly are In this inquiry, as in all inis the general type ofworthy of rational analysis and vestigations, something must, in V\7HAT evaluation by every one who seeks the beginning, be taken for grantthese satisfactions? It is at

to understand the foundations of ed. In the sciences generally these once evident that they are spiritual

morals. basic assumptions are called presatisfactions, again using the term

suppositions. It has already been spiritual in its broadest philosophnotions Whatever any one may ical nonmaterial ethics will indicated in that goodmeaning—all all ofhave agree, God, incan values. values not This does mean a preis such fellowmen toward skepticscluding religion, in that apart things. material wholly from It justified supposition. be on can

the idea of God as held by all cars It does that values mean it will be generally grounds, Jesus two the spirituallyand most minded in that and such common, without enjoy in theory, admitted and of the Hebrew prophets was charit a system of ethics is impossible. enjoyment by one helps rather

acterized by attributing to him the This being granted we have at than hinders others to like enjoyhighest good, including love or once a basis for testing the moral ment. This is true of all knowlgood-will toward mankind. Love edge; appreciation of of are desires; those highquality of art—theof implies love then God and literature, in in beautiful in music, satisfaction abest noblest whose andsolute loyalty to the good, when color; of appreciation of and form lasting the to contributes most

it is is discovered. first a This respect nature with to truth both it all of put mankind. good Toprinciple ethics of religion. and to beauty; appreciation of of and satisfaction desire, a negatively, the

search for the except goodWhy the loving the in noble and human is detrimental of in any which way it the assumptionon that is derelations, cooperation friendly of is the not welfare to of humanitysired it is it that and found when social justice institutions, of that be approved. can one On withinwill object loyalty? of become an civic state, affairs in the of within satisdesire, that other the hand

Scientists loyalty of make much will administraorderly goodand faction contributes of most which artists,to truth; loyalty of to justice aftion international in of is apwelfare to the of humanity,

investigatorsbeauty; in the fairs. spiritual are All of these fields proved as highest and best.

ethicsof logically and religion very values, higher the out of growing make equal demand for loyalty to and more noble desires of individthe good. The good, however, in TJl7HAT constitutes the welfare uals, societies, and nations. It is

its broadest senses includes the true * of humanity? The satisfacevident without argument that reand the beautiful. The good is, tion of desires that may be enalization of these values by one intherefore, not opposed to either joyed by all mankind, including dividual or one group helps others

science or art, nor is it limited to all the generations that are yet to toward realization of the same valthem. The good, while it emphacome. There must, then, be harues. Two persons cannot eat the

sizes distinctly moral and religious monization of desires. This is same loaf of bread, hut two people

values, as commonly recognized, made easy in proportion to the or a million may partake freely also evaluates and finds place for extent of goodwill that exists on of the same bit of knowledge, apeverything that contributes to the the part of each toward all. In precipate the same glorious sunset,

ennobling of life, to the developthe absence of such goodwill haror vote with satisfaction for measment of personality. Loyalty to ures that will ensure equal justice

the good, then, includes loyalty to all. But what about that loaf

to the true and the beautiful, but, I AM come that they might have of bread? Is bread to be eliminatmore than this, it means also loylife, and that they might have it ed from this program because the

alty to the highest religious and more particles be of cannot bread abundantly.—Jesus. St. John same X:10. values.moral shared building Are by all? we

is subject elaborated This from ethics, religion, and a system of the the teachings of standpoint of

TN case of the great mass of manJesus in the author's book, MORmorals in the air? No, due ackind the content of the good AL TEACHINGS OF THE NEW count will be taken of the mais accepted dogmatically. It may TESTAMENT. terial basis of the spiritual life.

be as tenets of their religion, as These material goods are not to 402 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

be regarded, however, as ends in truthful? Is it wrong to lie? Is is in itself degrading. When used

themselves, but only as means, it right to protect childhood as means for the promotion of necessary means, in the process of against greed? Is it wrong to alspiritual ends their utility is beattaining the spiritual values which low the unscrupulous to exploit yond question. This means that

are to be regarded as essential elechildren for financial gain? May one who possesses material goods

ments in the development of pernot one who questions all aubeyond his own needs for the pursonalities, and therefore, as having thority and tradition in morals poses here indicated is morally intrinsic value. find that, in the light of the forebound on the principle of goodgoing principles, these questions will towards or love of fellow-

[T is one of the essential funcalmost answer themselves? They men to use these goods for the

tions of the state to see that are, to be sure, very simple quesbenefit of his fellows, rather than equal opportunity is provided to tions selected for purposes of ilto satisfy pride, personal ambition, all in the use of material resources lustrating the method. In the comor other selfish desires. This is

necessary to the attainment of plex civilization of today there are not an idle and unrealizable sugspiritual values; and, of course, many questions pressing for solugestion. It is now in large measotherwise to keep open to all the tion that are by no means so easy. ure being practiced by at least some

road to realization of these spiritThey may, however, be solved by of the great captains of industry.

ual values. the same method. These are pursuing spiritual aims

With these broad general objecas their ultimate goals. In their

tives laid down, the right thing to What is Worth Striving For? own way they are serving God by

do in any particular situation may serving their fellowmen. This is

be determined by the relation of (CERTAINLY not material the essence of religion. Those who

the consequences of the act to the goods at the expense of spiritprefer a strictly mundane point of ends here set up. That conduct ual attainments—the enduring satview may simply serve their felis right which promotes these ends, factions of life. This does not lowmen, and call it a religion of

that conduct is wrong which mean that material goods are to humanity, or merely a system of thwarts them. Is it right to be be despised, or that their possession morals.

Easter Symbols and Customs By L. D. STEARNS

termed the—all these words gradually became although the French eggs are won- "C ASTER—anciently

associated with springtime and derfully clever and beautiful, being f-"'"Festival of Flowers"—is the

sacred festival of Spring. The Easter, which was quite natural, sometimes composed of expensive

name Easter came, originally from considering the fact that the exact materials, as silver or motherof-

Eostre, the AngloSaxon goddess time of the Easter celebration depearl, and holding gifts of jewelry of spring, who was also worshippends upon the moon. or money.

East, of the personification interesting as a isped story An told conto an old fable. A CCORDING bringing appears, cerning sunrise an Easter eggwhere ** on exhibition * an exceedingly beautiful at thought the Berlin It was day. in the egg, Museum. new The slipped into hare snowwhite

that spring vegetation, of every houses after midnight at this time, which was fastened into an iron will. shell, to her or to was subjectform, was said have been and left numerous colored eggs case,

festival localities sent the a a prince by to beautiful In some is about.

princess. in at daybreak by trumushered a being opened Upon egg, always typical of newThe

silver lining church towers; thepets from was revealed, in which creation, in birth and by was used

other places, pealing bells ring out our forefathers to represent the rewas set a secret spring, which upon the triumphant message of good vival of life at the vernal equinox. being pressed, opened to a golden

cheer. It became immediately connected yolk. A second spring opened this

with the rebirth, or resurrection, yolk, disclosing a crown of flamrecently, rubies. ing quite still in some another Touching Christ, the hare of and two—the spring, the England, jeweled of northern crown droppedTNTILparts a quite as the and egg—became, an exquisite on about went boys and diamondmen course, of Easter matter ring—the symtwin

each carrying pledge the of affecEaster prince's young Monday, earliest al- a bols. eggs were The

it chair. within Placing the lap ofdecorated the princess. tion—into red, the colored symbolizing ways

any girl they chanced to meet, blood of Christ. they held it high above their heads "THE old Druids, far back in anuntil she either paid a forfeit of TN our own country the giving of cient times, were accustomed to

.sixpence, or gave a kiss to the lifter. eggs is confined mostly to chilstain eggs with wild blossoms and

The program was reversed on dren; but in some of the other roots and present them to neighTuesday, the women and girls then countries it has come to mean the bors to bring sun, and insure goodgoing about lifting the men. giving of beautiful and very exluck with the crops. Kernels of

In olden days the hare was a pensive gifts among adults. Slav grain were also used as symbolizsymbol of the moon, and since the women are particularly noted for ing creation, or rebirth, at this

Egyptian word "un"had the three decorating the egg more beautifully season.

meanings hare, period and open than those of any other nation, (Continued on page 432) cIhe Seventy By RULON S. WELLS

In Behalf of the First Council of the Seventies

order of the Seventy is of his choosing the Twelve to be Heaven has set up his Church andTHEdoubtless of ancient origin, his special witnesses or Apostles kingdom and it shall never be desleft to other people as we may naturally conand commanding them to "Go into troyed nor be clude from the writings of Moses, all the world and preach the Gosbut it shall stand forever. (Dan.

Ex. 24:1, 9, 11, and Numbers 11: pel to every creature."(Mark 16: 2.)

16, 17, 24, 25. These references 15.) This was a great undertaking On April 6, 1830, in fulfilment

to the Seventy, however, although for twelve men and what could of this and many other predictions very significant, are nevertheless so be more natural than again to call of the prophets, the Church of meager that we find difficulty in the Seventy to assist them? Their Jesus Christ was again "set up"on

determining the nature of their ministry was accompanied by wonthe earth. The Lord has again

duties or in connecting them with derful spiritual manifestations so come down from heaven and taken the subsequent organizations of that "even the devils were subject of that spirit that was upon Moses that body, either in the meridian unto them,"and we are reminded and upon Christ and his Apostles of time or in this latterday disof that other Seventy who were and the Seventy and given it to pensation. This much, however, chosen to assist Moses. these latterday Apostles and

is certain, that their calling was of Seventy and other divinely comelse officers the is recorded in missioned his of Church, ITTLE spiritual in the T importancehigh *** Scriptures regarding the it and Sevas of old rested "when upon the adminiswork of God during tration of Moses, for we read in enty, but this is sufficient to show them they prophesied"and "even paragraph 25 above referred to, the nature of their calling and the the devils were subject unto them."

that "the Lord came down in a important part they had in the cloud * * * and took of the work of the Lord. How well the "THE First Quorum of Seventy

spirit that was upon him [Moses] Twelve carried out the command in this latterday dispensation and gave it unto the Seventy Elto "go into all the world and was organized by the Prophet ders"and "When it rested upon preach the gospel to every creature"Joseph Smith, at a meeting held in them they prophesied and did not is attested in holy writ and alKirtland, Ohio, on February 28, cease."though not specifically set forth it 1835, just two weeks later than

is only reasonable to suppose that the date on which the Twelve the Seventy were called to assist Apostles were chosen ordained, and"NTOR in this gigantic undertaking. them the the and, as was case with Apos- - at isthatit atsubsequentall to be wonderedreferences

in the old Testament are lacking, Had the Church continued to tles so again with the Seventy, they (unless we assume that the instiexist upon the earth through the were chosen from among those tution of the "Sanhedrin"is an centuries which followed this Meswho had gone up to Zion with theoutgrowth or continuation of the sianic dispensation doubtless there Prophet in "Zion's Camp,"—men

order of the Seventy, which, to would still be found in its organwho had proven their integrity say the least, is purely speculative, ization the Twelve Apostles and and were determined, if need be, to.and extremely doubtful) for it is the Seventy, together with the lay down their lives in redeeming

made known to us in modern revother officers which Christ set in the land of Zion.

elation that the Lord in his wrath his Church. (Eph. 4:10). The First Quorum, like all other

against the rebellious children of quorums of Seventy, is, when fully

Israel "took Moses out of their CHORTLY after the departure organized, composed of seventy midst and the Holy (Melchizedek) of the Apostles grievous wolves members of whom seven are chosen

Priesthood also."(Doc. and Cov. made their appearance "not sparing and set apart as presidents. The

84:24, 25). This, of course, inthe flock,"as was predicted by the names of members of the First

cluded the Seventy, but the lesser Apostle Paul, (Acts 20:2930) Quorum including the first seven

Priesthood continued among the and the universal apostasy or "fallpresidents are given in full in the children of Israel until John and ing away"took place as further History of the Church, Vol. II,

the coming of our Lord when predicted by him in his Second pages 203-4.

again the Church was established Epistle to the Thessalonians (II on the earth and the Melchizedek Thess. 2:3). HTO many this was something

Priesthood was again restored, toDuring that period when "darkboth new and strange, unlike gether with the fulness of the everness covered the earth and gross all other quorums and organizalasting Gospel with all of its gifts darkness the people,"(Isa. 60:2), tions where the rule was one presiand blessings including its pristine it is no wonder that these divinely dent and two counselors; but in the

authorities. This dispensation is appointed officers should be discase of the Seventies, there were to

marked by the personal ministry of carded and others substituted. But be seven presidents, of equal power

our Savior among men and we read now, in these last days, the God of and authority. Many people have

404 The Improvement Era for April, 1930 marveled at this while admiring the move made! He always knew just was it done? He had a vision in

manner in which Joseph proceeded what to do to complete this organwhich the Lord showed him his in the organization of the Church, ization which is said, even by our Church in active operation, and,

With what perfect assurance and enemies, to be the most perfect although the work was necessarily unhesitating confidence was every organization in the world. How done little by little, yet, when comREY L, PRATT

The First Council of the Seventies

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 405

pleted, every part found its proper Kirtland on the 6th day of July, 1838, rum districts throughout all the arrived at and Adamondi-Ahman allplace in on stakes receiving whole. one harmonious and and wards

the year."of October, of the same 4th

districts find this vision those residing such within doNowhere we full this the organization history of of re- A corded but frequent references to it camp and its journey is to be found in as members, upon their presenting are made both in the History of the the History of the Church, Vol. Ill, pp. certificates of good standing both

Church and in the Doctrine and 87148. from their original quorum and

is It forcefullyCovenants. the the of wards bishops drawn from

Seventies of Second Quorum 'HEto in referring to the 'our attention resided. they where members New *I after organized the was soon in the passages:Seventy following also were added and by ordination

First. Regarding the increase of vacancies in the Councils were

"And it is according to the vision quorums in Nauvoo, I again quote filled.

showing the order of the Seventy, that the following from the First Year they should have seven presidents to preBook, page 8, paragraph 12: This move resulted in greatly

side over them, chosen out of the numincreasing the number of quorums seventy; ber the of there in until 146 were some 1904 the Conference, the October 1844, "At

these the president seventh of "And 10,- ingreatly the of approximately Seventy number was quorums and is presidents six preside to the over creased. the third the conof day On at Seventies, those including 000 these are to presidents seven "And ference, Elder George A. Smith moved

first large yet joined sevbesides other choose the seventy not any had who all the that in Elders'the under quorum are belong, to enty they to and whom of the quorums. thirtyfive age of be ordained should

preside over them;

if Seventies', into are the in they good permission from In 1907, by also seven until other seventy, "And it. standing, accept worthy, will and and the if cooperation the of in with the seventy, times labor and vineyard the carried seconded motion and was The

it. requires necessity of First the Presidency of Council and unanimously. members were Enough

are these traveling to seventy be "And all to in eleven added a quorums, notable the make Twelve, movement first ministers, also the Gentiles unto and forty part to ordained be were and more First the undertaken was by J.'ws. the unto the of twelfth (See minutes quorum.

officers systemthe Council of Seventy. other church, the 'Whereas of A Seasons, Conference, of Vol. and Times

the neither belong not unto Twelve,who atic in course inaugutheology was first the January, V, of 695696.) p. By

reto are Seventy, the the not under inthe all 1845, rated had of in the the quorums number of Sevquorums all to travel sponsibility nations, among lito creased Seventies'a fourteen, and lines enty. various course of Of their travel are as to circumstancesbut started, edbrary caused the was which

shall allow, conductthey study previously notwithstanding been had may itor the to of exclaim: Seasons and Times

offices as in thehold responsible high and as in ed the almost with quorums, years Seventy, ago but one and "Ten church."107:9398. Doc. Cov. and Seventies, fourteen of) (quorums different there as were plans now many this not "It that understood be must the library the for foundation best in and this in in the Church, but quorums the of limits quorums passage number It the like world. times old looks when a progessive Prophet, seventy, the for times uniform to seven new move 'Kirjath Sapher', they the had City of

orat the being were the quorums time outline a covering provided was Books."

first 'If stated that Seventy the ganized, five years. period of This new 6 built the Seventies "Meantime had call is all for a there are and employed

hall large as brick in Nauvoo, outline entitled known Sevenwas "The it the the laborers, will be of dutymore 'Seventies'Hall,'the the of and on 26th ty's first in the Course Seventy presidents was of and Theology"seven this building to December, ded1844, was send call Seventy, other ordain and and five in issued each Books, one Year icated with ceremonies imposing extending in vineyard, to the forth laborthem sufficient a containing of number entire through the an week. of Most if set be, seven until needs apart they

the of Apostles Council of the lessons year's for the These work. are members there until even seventy,times and

services. the participated It in dedicatory written set ministry."for the Year were apart comthus and Books 144,000

interest of be the Seventies for to may II, the 221. Vol. Church, ofHistory Page piled great care extensive and with that the heroic Seer, 'The know hymn,

the Seer, Joseph the Seer,'by the late research by Elder B. H. Roberts

'THERE has been a strong sentiPresident John Taylor, was written for and provided an outline of study services these dedicated the though the by against multiplying f ment in our opinion, has never which, to President author Brigham Young. Seventy. of of quorumsnumber excelled. been Seasons, and Vol. (Times V, p. 767).

it seem the foregoing wouldFrom for arrangement quowas made The two is real occasion forthere any no in to at be attendance dedicarums the result this there a of was move A S tion their chileach day with wives and responsibility for the anxiety,such a interest general of awakening a invited dren of guests. and number the preachingplaced of them upon Sevenand the enthusiasm fifteen this there time among were quorums By

rewill creature every toGospel in existence. the of January, 19th ties; By folso, so in that the much

it! force.quire a of Think mighty the of 1846, number quorums had general a year committee inlowing on

creased thirty."to Seasons, and (Times thousand than two144,000, more outlines the appointed was by Vol. VI, p. 1096.) if called need be be canquorums to influenced Church, doubt no

this service.unto extent sucnotable by the arrival the the some of Among cess of the Seventies, ever since and the early achievements A FTERSaints in and for Utah some

Seventy, the First Council of theof reg- (but never prior to this move) time thereafter, Sevof the quorums is called attention toour ular courses uniform of study and a very enty, scattered, being so badly were notable event in the "Seventies unable to meet in quorum capacity have been provided for all the

Course in Theology, First Year but were meeting in what was quorums of the Priesthood.

Book, page 8, par. 11: known as "mass quorums;"but in This move also brought about

"Perhaps the greatest work achieved by 1883, under instructions issued by the ordination of more Seventies, the Frist Council of the Seventies in their the First Presidency, then consistas it was thought prospective misorganized capacity, was the organization ing of Presidents John Taylor, sionaries should be brought into of the Kirtland Camp, and leading it George Q. Cannon and Joseph F. these quorums and receive the beneOhio, Kirtland,from to Adamondi- AhSmith, the First Council of Sevfit of this course of study; and furMissouri, a distanceman, of 860 miles.

The camp numbered 105 families, 529 enty effected a reorganization of thermore, the First Presidency in sou's in all. They left the vicinity of the quorums by establishing quotheir letter of July 6, 1904, in

406 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

order to strengthen our depleted and in connection with the latter in all diligence,"(Doc. and Cov

quorums had previously sanctioned the quorums or parts of quorums 107:90) and as this relates to the

such ordinations and advised that were to meet in what is called their Seventy he shall qualify himself in "selecting Elders to be ordained Tuesday night "Priesthood M. I. through diligent study and right

Seventies care should be taken to A."meeting in which reports of living to be a preacher of the Gospick out young men likely to deall their activities were to be made pel, "a bearer of the glad tidings

velop within them the qualificaand assignments for the ensuing of great joy"and "an especial wittions of becoming successful week were given. To give a full ness for the Lord"for this is the

preachers of the Gospel."The explanation of this undertaking calling of the Seventy.

maximum membership was reached would require more space than I In this connection it is intereston Jan. 1, 1923, when the Seventies now have at my disposal. I will ing to note that all of the First

numbered 12,068. The number of therefore only add that it is a well Council of the Seventy have been

quorums likewise increased until thought out plan to which much or are now mission presidents.

in 1928 when the 224th quorum study and careful consideration has B. H. Roberts, President of

was organized. been given by the general authoriSouthern States Mission, 1883UOWEVER in 1927 it was bytiestheof Councilthe Churchof theandTwelveparticularlywho, 1886.19221927.Eastern States Mission,

thought by the presiding auunder instructions from the First J. Golden Kimball, President of

thorities of the Church that this Presidency, sponsored the move.'Southern States Mission, 1891number should be greatly reduced This plan is now, with some 1894.

and another move was inaugurated minor modifications and with Rulon S. Wells, President of

in which the Twelve Apostles, unvarying degrees of success, in active European Mission, 18961898.

der whose direction the Seventies operation but nevertheless may Joseph W. McMurrin, President

are called to labor, took an active still be considered more or less as of California Mission, 1919, still part. As a result of this move a "noble experiment,"and is even presiding.

many of the Seventies who had now under earnest consideration by Chas. H. Hart, President of Cafilled one or more missions and the leading councils of the Church nadian Mission, 1927, still prehad now grown gray in the servwith the confident expectation siding.

ice but were no longer available for that eventually a plan will be Levi Edgar Young, President of missionary work were transferred evolved wherein the great body of Swiss Mission, 190204. Temple

by ordination to the High Priests'the Priesthood shall qualify for its Block Mission, 1922, still presidquorum, provided, of course, they high responsibility and "every man ing.

were found worthy of this proshall learn his duty, and to act in Rey L. Pratt, President of Mexmotion in the Priesthood, and at the office in which he is appointed ican Mission, 1907, still presiding.

the same time many Elders who were considered worthy and available for missionary service were or- i t 1 dained to the office of Seventy.

Notwithstanding this, however, forty quorums were disorganized I Stand Upon a Mountain so that now in the beginning of this year, Centennial deducting By ANGELYN WARNICK thefrom number of 224 maximum the number of quorums disorganthat I find descripcould brush that rocks and jagged WISH anized with we have 184 quorums tive words with which to exnoyed and from on me my ascent, 3 1 **a membership December on lift I press feel the soul of always the top so trivial, they look I wonlatest figures available1928—the I stand the when upon of der summit they halted me. how the 9,342. memberThus—of a I mountain around. peak look and that this wish express I could Seventies theship has of quorum

been reduced below the status of I climb upon the highest rock lift of soul but I can't. I can only

1904, while the High Priests have and stretch up, but still I cannot let the wind play in my hair and increased until they now number reach the hazy blue, and an eagle feel a mighty urge, a high emotion.

17,033. circles high above my head. I A multitude of half formulated

breathe the pure fresh air that ideas surge up into my mind,

TN connection with this latest blows above the smoke and dust which I can never quite translate move in which a more active and confusion of man's abode, and into words.

cooperation with the presidents of I can look down upon my world, stakes was earnestly solicited, an flat and insignificant, so far below. TF I could, how gladly would I

extensive program of study and I can look away and still away do it to help my neighbors activity was undertaken and the to other peaks and at the edge of down there in the city, who canauxiliaries of the ChurchSunday distance I can see a far ridge propnot see beyond the walls of brick

into I can look down on the tops of who think the world is a smudgySchoolsAssociations—wereand Mutual broughtImprovement ping up the sky. and stone they have constructed;

requisition. To the former was towering trees, down to the silfactory, a set of screeching wheels

assigned the duty of conducting vered paths of tumbling waters, and whirring belts, or rows of the Priesthood classes, outlines for and on the valley full of doll housstacked up counters, much as an which were to be provided by the es, patchwork fields and ribbon ant might think the universe the general authorities of the Church roads. I can see the prickly undersuburbs of his hill.

Debunking, tke Debunkers of tke Scriptures By SUSA YOUNG GATES

is an evident desire, forms of devout emotion in their asked him: 'What line of researchTHEREif not determination, on the upward climb to complete intellecwill see the greatest development

the next fifty years?'After part of some of our pseudotual independence. We oldtimers during

scientists to tear away the veils of should express our humble thanks careful thought, he replied: 'Mr.

sacred reticence from all that is for such crumbs of religious comBabson, I think the greatest disholy and solemn. Their avowed fort which fall to our palsied hands covery will be made along spiritual

purpose is to puncture the bubbles from the altarfires of these brillines. Here is a force which hisof reserve and reverence which we liant reformers who are waking us tory clearly teaches has been the

elderly fundamental religionists up to scientific truths. greatest power in the develop-

I a careful suggest here study of and history. Yet we ment of men our acceptaroundhave wrapped

it, Joel playing with been merely Prophets have and Amos. while the creedsance of and dogma,

they give sympathetic support to and have never seriously studied it as we have the physical forces.those whose religion is science and '"THE Bible, Book of Mormon

whose God is the Debunker. and Doctrine and Covenants Some day people will learn that

These essayists and lecturers, are to me even as the personalities material things do not bring hapare of little use in makwithin and without our university of my parents, sacred; sacred to piness and

halls, have ignorantly assumed, it them, and reverenced by me so ing men and women creative and would appear, that we elderly dethat I would preserve their human powerful. Then the scientists of

vout worshipers have never had failings, physical and mental, from the world will turn their labora-

I speak of tories over to the study of Goddoubts to settle, questions to seek all earthly eyes. When

answers for, or religious problems them I instinctively relate all that and prayer and the spiritual forces to solve. is good and true about them, leavwhich as yet have hardly been

ing the trifling faults out of the scratched. When this day comes,

picture. the same? will Don't do you the see more advanceworld differvital the onepERHAPS

feel to have generation than it you some in one ment How would ourand * ence between them selves is that we ancients took our callous debunker come along and has seen in the past four.'

personal difficulties into the decent joke about your father's double Huxley wrote:

retiring rooms of our own minds, chin or your mother's cross eyes? "True science and true religion are

in the join merriment? either you sisters, separation of the and twin in Would assistanceseeking from God

of is death sure the be other the to little from the patience with I have theirprayer, they strip while own in proexactly Science prospers both. out dragged debunkers have who in bare souls unlovelygaunt and religion it is religious, as portion and

the public market place and on the every fault or rumored fault about nourishes in exact proportion to the scienLincoln, George Washits basis. tific Abraham firmness of and The depth spectaclelecture rostrum. The

religion, is science to of not antagonism Victoria. ington and Queen is edifying. to thethereof not As survivals the heathen but bad to and if lecturer to too, So, were some those of of today, someyouths herself religion philosophy under which

give address the Prophet an on is crushed."wellnigh often co at become all have thinkwho

accustomed to these ideas that they Joseph Smith, my father Brigham pass their teacher's expose up as Young, or Abraham or David, I HTOO many of our modern stuanother educational whoopee. would thank him if he would dents deify doubt. They alThose who don't bother to think, quote the histories written by their most reach the point of the Know

just glance with bored eyes at the friends, not those prepared by their Nothing Party in ancient Greece.

indecent publicly exposed mental detractors. They declared at last that "we

disrobing of religious and scientific The critics are much given to know not that we know not."

adjustments with the yawning inquoting from everybody outside So too, those who cultivate the quiry, "What's it all about, anythe Church, but almost never from negative attitude, reach the point way: the Bible. maintained by Edgar Saltus in his

The two main horns of the re- "Theses on Negation:"

is there is there, help nor "There no printed Roger Babson 1928, circusligioscientific bull are: TN

in is asleep elsewhere. Orient any The bulin the one of his following the Bible.Revelation and gods. Star of the ashes her Ormuzd of The

letins: "Charles P. Steinmetz, has burned out in the skies. On the banks

"D EVELATION, as quoted from who was unanimously recognized of her sacred seas, Greece, hushed forever- - various scientific agnostics, is by the General Electric Company more, rests on the divine limbs of her the of the sepulchre In immortals. white similar great organizaand other gymnastic, anvariously a mental

last its guards Nazarene, humanity elecpile tions as the foremost world's hysteria,evidence or an acof is unfulfilled. divinity. promise Every

knowledgment of a personal intrical engineer, was once visiting There is no light save perchance in death.

feriority complex. The ultralib- my home. While talking over with One torture more, one more throb of the

grave The the weeds it—nothing.falls in, anderal scientific modernist gladly him prospective future inventions heart,opens aandlittle,afterflesh

admits that the evolutionary proin connection with radio, aeroof forgetfulness which soon hide the tomb cesses of the mind demand some nautics, power transmission, etc., I grow eternally about its vanities. And still

408 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

ib2 voice of the living, of the just and of and have traveled along their own tion of creation therein found satkings, the unjust, of felons and of of questing religious ways side by side isfies my own mind and answers beasts, until raised huunsilenced, will be manity, unsatisfied as before, and yet imwith them, helping when they my inquiry.

patient for the peace of which life has wanted help, but always repecting Can the scientist find in evoludisturbed, is tossed at last, with its shatthe decency and dignity of silence tion of species a more logical explateredglobe and forgotten gods, to fertilize and reserve in regard to these sacred nation of man's coming upon this the furrows of space where worlds ferand solemn personal revealments. earth than in the words found inment.

"On this vista the curtain may be I could not strip them or myself Scriptures? "God created man in

drawn. Neither poet nor seer can look mentally and spiritually naked exhis own image, in the image of

beyond. Nature, who is unconscious in cept in the recesses of our own God created he him; male and feher immorality, entrancing in her beauty, I certainly in her minds and homes. When appearmale created he them."imperialsavage in her cruelty,

prodigality, and appalling in her convuling outside my own life's inner believe in evolution in species, not sions, is i o: only deaf, but dumb. There chamber, I seek to clothe my spiritevolution of species. Adam came

is no answer to any appeal. The best ual or mental deficiencies in the and lived out his allotted span of

the best that do, has ever beenwe can is of usual robes of decent restraint with earthlife according to earth's time implacabilitydone, the to recognize of reckoning. I love to considerthe laws that rule the universe and conwhich most men—and almost

template, as calmly as we can, the nothall to appear in the true accounts of life lived byingness from which we are come and public.women—preferI remember always that some of Adam's chosen descendallinto disappear. which we shall The

it there is need of inner, as of outer ants, told in all truth, excusing consolation thatone hold, though we is one which may be illusory too, conconcealment of physical, mental, nothing, concealing only the decent sists in the belief that when death comes, and spiritual deformities. secrets of life's innermost processes.

fear and hope are at an end. Then How I enjoy carrying out the Sathe insoluble longerwonder ceases; no is XJOW, in my effort to debunk the vior's instructions to "Search theperplexes; is lost; infinite space the

r/atik; the farce is done."debunkers amongst us, I wish Scriptures,"for in them I "find

to add a few words concerning my eternal life."

HTHE Bible has many counts own attitude on this subject. I

brutality of destroying against its sanctity as portrayed am wholly and fully converted AS to the peoples! nations and ** whole as well convinced yet modernist;by take comspiritually—as the stories read of has Anyone who revelation from all spite of that be can mentally—thatfort—inthe peoples in corrupt Egypt, Caanan, chilhis our to Heavenly Father it,said against finds therein one

precious historic facts, strains of dren on earth has been and is a and Assyria, their horrible religious disorgies, the sex perversions and is truth. Bible divine "the To me, pietydevout together with some

is eases idolatry, begotten of such it is as as far of the word God excellent poetic effusions.most The

that glad gave the Father who translated the to correctly."Ascritics it take as an acknowledged

fact that the symbol of man's creage of the world, the time conthem life, to learn how to obey ation from a lump of clay and the sumed in its organization, I am law by their own free will, comto executioners manded his own to find that our modern the rib of thewoman's from man happy their diseased, corrupted revelation of Pearl in the Great destroyis in the folklore legends same which fit the earth's creation into Price teaches that after the creation bodies, even to the blind, moronic six days of twentyfour hours each, of the earth Abraham "saw it was offspring of such debauched parentfar preferable Isn't death as yet hood. the Lord's in afterwhile the belongs whale story time—for

life? to unrepentant wicked appointed unto had not the Gods categorythe same Joshua's with

sun legend. The witch of Endor Adam his reckoning."And, too, I All this effort to prove religion

ties exactly with the damsel at am happy in the assertion of my by science makes me smile at the

Phillippi, both evidencing the father, made sixty years ago, when boyishness of the efforts made to childishness of Saul and Paul who speaking about the age of the earth, do so. I wonder if the Prophet

could record, much less believe, as claimed by scientists even then Joseph Smith, Brigham Young,such ancient error. to be millions of years—"How David, Moses and Abraham don't

long it has been organized it is not say to each other Over There:

["T is but a step farther for these for me to say, and I do not care "When I was a child, I spake as critics to turn their scientific eyes anything about it."a child, I understood as a child,

upon Jesus, his miracles, his imposThen the whale story is to me I thought as a child: but when I

sible virgin birth, and still more a matter of complete indifference. became a man, I put away childish

unscientific resurrection. But I am so glorified in the soulbuild- things. For now we see through

though I am some four years past ing words of Jonah, which have a glass, darkly; but then face to

I know in part; butthe superstitious Biblical span of soothed my suffering hours of desface: now

Ithreescore years and ten, I am pair and lifted up my worship to then shall I know even as also expecting all that and more in my my Father who succored Jonah am known. And now abideth

own short term of life. More and my own humble self that I faith, hope, charity, these three;

I look to see them clawing at my never stop to wonder what kind of but the greatest of these is charity."

13. 12, I Corinthians 13:11, beliefreverent in the Book of a big or submarine—it fish—ship to be paLord, Help me, dear Doctrine and the andMormon enclosed Jonah till he which was

Covenants. And I shall watch the had learned his lesson. tient with thy developing boys!

process, as I am doing today, of Teach them the folly of the tearing their disillusionment with mingled AS to the poetic symbolism of down the walls of the Temple besadness and amusement. They are ** the creation of Adam and Eve cause of a tiny flaw in the strucso immature, these debunkers. I and their subsequent story, the ture. Give me charity! Give them

have been the mother of ten sons, Pearl of Great Price and the revelacommon-sense!

Her Day of Glory

q3y ANNA E. BENSON

Gray the—Femie, forEJUPHEMIAshort—slammed

door shut almost viciously upon had acquired as a child of three, the departing guest. "Blab, blab, centuries ago, it seemed. Two thin

blab!"she scolded to sleepyeyed braids quivered on the white muspuss, snuggly ensconced on the crelin back with intensity of emotion.

tonne rocker. "Nothin'but talk The flat breasts pressed against the

'bout their husbands and children; iron bedstead shook with desire.

I'm sick and tired o'listenin'."one bit of difference between her "Oh, Lord,"she prayed, unorthothat Grace's tones crooning and to "help afdoxically, do someme sat break- a blue She on down little she ternoon hushed had when over I great kin so thin'crow fastset to unlace began and sleep. Lillian to rest!"the Alice and Grace, Alma, toher high comchairshoes—concession green mail box dark P. the heaven,pany. A neat Y. Thank

door. Femie's right the of to hung at herS. meet C. wouldn't home her brushed ITZI Mi for twenty as eagerly though As six for Femie months. another lazy fur across the anklelong received anynever she years had satstraightened suddenly up and as print brown gingham Femie circulars, advertising but thing lips,halfsmiling. narrow Her as cage, the stood before though folders, Femie a blotters, dodgers and red, pretty pale almost lookedand bit jealous Cheery's of monopoly. sunearly morning the in stood such she hadwhen smiled—they the laughed Femie, "Goodness,"inteits black into peering shine curves. tenderwhimsical, "My stormclouds evaporating, "you crossly, ejaculated she "Pooh,"aloud.lands,"exclaimed she hungry, too? Just a minute."alive sakes "nothin'my Circle! People's Sewing 'Young but—well, returned, dissatisfaction The "here's off weakly, she broke rior.—"thatNever thought funny how as spinster the however, unfolded a givin'grocer Wilkins fool that is fiftytwo; Gracesounds now. sunrise the quilt to patchwork dol- a hundred ride airplane with fortyseven, she I'm,"andAlma, creep into rebellious bed. Vaguely in groceries! o'lars wuth Who at figure, fortystarted the painful

it as disquieted was, often she and stuff, all that use could tunket see,six! thirtyfive nearly Le's to never to the occurred her use widened eyes her who"and—senceyears that sewing begun we—reprisal rebuttal at or weapons of air?"the in durst go up "wouldcircle."

sarcastic her Grace's command.

remark might easily have been parried see as can't with an "I circular, adverheaviness 1 HE off a better with you're any A GREAT ride, hundredmile tising a free she arose Femie asdescended upon sponging drunkard husband and she that completely so her overcameto tackle pile the of dinner huge giggling, daughter."Alma's "You thin the to look at left almost forgotdishes the She company. from the 'mongst be the only old maid went She hand. in her envelope thisattributed quite depression

I a merited but "Yes, bunch,"red in a big sat inside andnaturally down to her stomach—didn't curtains to stretch don't have August rocker. "Lawyerall leather a ailments originate there?—but 'cause earns to next nothman my MiddleBlock, Portland Evans,psychologist told her have might

in'."received poor Femie No, lefthand upper the read it ton,"that her came from Year mind.

all shafts the darts agonizingly and hands trembling Femie'safter corner. girl seen she'd year her friends

friends her never of and she terto open the a while for saw refusedget married, babies, have and the quiver of nice, long whole were paper. Lawyers great bit ofeventually fling tidings rifying of

at disposal. sharp arrows her species of humanity at her.grandmotherhood unknown Month

for instance, house, was her an The with connected the sly mostly to Femie; heard after month, she had

own, four large cozy rooms on policemen and criminals. At last ahints, the open sarcasm, the searchextracted from as questionsing she small note was to why

the message married.never read Grace had AMiddleton'sbank book,mostdiscreetlypleasanthidden,street. within. She today Only

large balastonishingly said, the accumulation Buthad "Didn't anybody want contained somehow.

the finest Femie had ances. And too much. provedyuh, exciting mail Femie?"of

trade in dressmaking Middleton; eyes her limp, became hands Her cry. a uttered plaintive Cheery to sew, for though she knew how great a buzzing unseeingly, stared the eyes faded blueInto beneath it guess the ugly never you'd from first the for ears; in her sounded lightscant straggly and brows silblue, pink and gingham brown existence wellordered her in time crept expres- a hairvergray new dresses wore. she

sion. "Poor 'ittle birdie, did Femie she fainted.

forget to give you seed 'count o'Shivering back into consciousstufnV a lot of goodfor-nothin'C>HE knelt down to ness she stumbled through the friends?"And really there wasn't pray, an oldfashioned habit she (Continued on page 440)

410 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

frpi o-mmKi-m l *m pxiyrr Ogden MUTUAL WORK * State cI\\e June Conference | XI OT since our Jubilee year, 1925, As the weeks go by announcements Bank—

* has our June Conference been so will appear frequently in the newspaOur service and facilioutstanding an event as the one this pers and the program in full will apties are arranged for your j yearnial yearpromisesof thetoChurchbe. Itandis theeverycentenfeat- Era.pear inWethehopeMay thatand allJuneof ourissuesworkersof the

convenience. I ure connected with Church activities and members will make their plans

will take on the spirit and color of the early to be present upon this joyous

Those wishing to great occasion. occasion.

transact their banking i The dates set for the conference are 111

Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, June business will mail be 8. by 6, 7, preparations not have The j of Lading, No yet the detail in completed been but

j given the same prompt at various been committees have work Interest! attention enthusiasticare for several and weeks and careful

i is presally their is the proto arrangements time of year when making through our DeMailj NOW class leadinterest. idents, secretaries vide All a and unusual of program t

f partment, as if they are agreed that the gathering this year ers should check up on attendance.

called in person. mustence; bethetrulyspirita ofyoungyouthpeople'sand theconferplace Manyested inofcontestour memberswork, whichwill bewillinteradd

of youth in the great latterday Church to their interest, but what about those contest is in the part take to do not shape the activities which will who j 4% Interest Paid on every forth events? carried putting on. be you Are

spirit effort as interjust lessons to the the In every stake ward and make j Savings the so, esting, during ofhigh; or will even of more both enthusiasm run

ficers and members will want to be in remainder of the season? Let us all

attendance to participate in the fine carry on to a glorious climax, feeling program and to attest their love and that we have throughout touched the loyalty for the M. I. A. cause and for life of all young persons within our

the Church. reach and held their interest to the end.

LIBERTY i Community Activity Department

A Better Utah j E. E. Ericksen, Emily C Adams, Chairmen; Heber C. Iverson, John H. Taylor, W. O.

Robinson, Don Wood, Jos. F. Smith, J. Spencer Corwall, Charlotte Stewart, Elsie T.

Brandley, Katie C. Jensen, Evangeline T. Beesley, Ethel S. Anderson

! COAL

Preparation to suit any Gold and Green Balls purpose Juab Stake The Mutual Improvement AssociaTry a ton sistedtions ofbythethethreeJuabwardsStakeof Board,Nephi, coas- operated in the presentation of the 1930 Gold and Green Ball at Nephi.

The ball was held in the Arlington

Pavilion, which was decorated with the M. I. A. colors with an artistic

for green throne in gold and canopiedj Jeremy Fuel and | was Queen of Colors. The the Queen

arriving guests ballot of the chosen byi Grain Company i being thirty m., it nine before p.

that the Queen rule Stake of Juab! G. W. ANDRUS, Manager j a

guests. tardy shall be chosen by not

The coronation was an artistic and

Office 18 East South Temple j impressive ceremony. The Queen was

preceded in her entrance into the hall

I Phones Wasatch 41114443 j by a tiny but dignified crown bearer a greenI,,,, j carrying the jeweled crown on

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 411

satin cushion, while tiny flower girls this position the Gold and Green ************* in butterfly dresses scattered flowers march was led by the winning ward along the line of march. Her Mawhose queen became the Queen of the

jesty was accompanied by her ladies evening.

in waiting, while tiny train bearers A feeling of cheer and goodwill held the flowing train of her green pervaded and without doubt the oversatin robe. At the conclusion of the whelming success of the party was due

coronation the Queen and her ladies to the loyal support and hearty coopwere presented with bouquets of sweet eration of the wards of East Jordan STANDARD peas and rose buds. Stake. SEMINARY

Mission California Stake Fremont PINS California, of Jose Branch San The successful the of most and enOne finer a made by us have finish and will finest social funcof the enjoyed one the joyable season the events of was less. cost you occasion the season, of the upon Ball given Green and by tions Gold 1930

and Green of the annual Gold the four wards of Rexburg and the Ball. Made with any guard complete tickets all branch admitted I. Budget Boards. A. StakeM.

The hall was artistically decorated members, who also were permitted to guests. as their friends invite personal committees. and stake ward by the $2.00 branches Monterey Alto and The Palo effect lighting special with goldThe

large a came invited number were and lights beautiful. green and was The local direct or Order your through

a chorus, high a party. as Gypsy The different well the as of wards members all at stock times in Jeweler. Pins kept Jose, of class musical organization San could the as those of Stake Boards

Initials delivery. for withquick pins on of our as a young attended body, many easily insigtheir distinguished be by

extra charges. out group. that to belonging people The nia. ward young one from men The wore gold colored shirts with green Redmond Co.—a dramatic organizaties, and the ladies gold and green coltion of San Jose were also guests, they

Patsy"and several having put on "The cuffs. lars carried and ward Another hall TAYLOR AND in our amusement other dramas other the green balloons, gold and and two wards wore gold flowers with during this season, free of charge. COMPANY

green leaves. The Stake Board's inIt took place in the Palm Garden, 1 62 South Main Street

in ballrooms beautiful one of the most signia ball pen- a green gold and was SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH furnished California. music was The ribbon. green gold and dant on An 206 Phone Was. 5123 Room regular orchestra their and our own by feature outstanding evening of the was

the crowning of four queens. Each members. Punch was served. About

ward had chosen a queen and two at250 were in attendance and a very tendants. At 10:30 these were escortfine time was enjoyed by all.

ed by their attendants to a platform The entire affair was financed by in a beautifully decorated alcove where our budget system, there being no has practicbudget door each in turn was crowned. charges—our

financial worries Sail Lake Costume Co. ally eliminated all our

Stake Superintendent H. H. The Masquerade and Theatrical Costumes advertising in our mutual work. No the then thatCutler added announced

is So. 999 necessary, sort Phone Wasatch but of any we always 33 W. 3rd

of would of Attendancehonor Queen appreciative enthusiastic, fine a have Elevator 4th Floor Take the thebe queen of bestowed upon attendance.

ward having the greatest number presFew doors West of Walker Bros. Store

ent according to membership. Salt Lake City, Utah Miss Twin Falls Stake queen of the fourthMaurine Romney, by the Y. M. M. PLAYS recommended

I. as well as preof A. thousands others this readyward, received and was honor the weather, subzero In spite of

delivery. for Scores, LibretAlso Opera insigniasented Stake Board with the in held and Green Ball, Gold 1930 tos, Guide, Orchestration. Stage and

by President Ethel Schwendiman. the Latterday Saints recreation hall at Scores loaned you without cost to you.

Another very attractive feature was Twin Falls, was a most successful OurSamplesVelourof colorCurtainssentareon growingrequest. in favor.

andthe demonstration of the Gold carried event. were The decorations

the necessary part of every COSTUMES, couples. gracefulGreen Caprice by six effectively A. out in the M. I. colors, well here. rendered production, are The

largest stock to in the Interspirit of friendship and The refreshments green in gold and sociaand the West. plays Mountain now selectMany fromofbility for A. stands which the M. I. delightserved. color scheme were call Historical for Ancient Costumes. A Very

have in the Costumers few a stock U. S.was enjoyed by all present. ful spirit of cooperation and harmony

as correct varied so kind that and all characterized the affair, and will find here. present ofyou

evening. enjoyable a thoroughly East Jordan Stake had PARTIES, WEDDINGS, DINNER in attendance General Board members gatherings other requiring FORMALand

styles in fitted here Stake be and the Gold can East Jordan up DRESS, The it successful occa- a most last of minute. the success, pleasing be- a BallGreen was exemplified in every which pronouncedsion—one popular always MINSTREL SHOWS social of the eventing oustanding most spirit detail the fine of M. I. A. if appealing rendered. well The areFLASH

far, at Union, year heldthe so being is of appealing part to the the eye most the show.in the beautiful hall which amusement

cessful our IfCOSTUMESyou wish areto bean mostindispensuc- constructed. recentlyhas been part. sable

The royal procession of the wards The Era is happy to receive reports WIGS. The new fashion in wigs is to

the color of the that match wigs in a picturesque presented way, the havewas in events held of activities and silk in wigs, latest and dress. very The striking features in color schemes stakes, aswith various to print and many hats. tuck of Just instead metal, worn

coiffured the hair under up arrangement.and as possible. accomplishthe Often eliteit—andexclusivelo—allgathering. most for the to serve stimulate As soon as the ward picture was ments of one group them. have Yes, we

finished the participants marched down others to further effort, and the exReal fun comes with the old fashioned the steps and took their places in the change of interesting plans and proMask Ball. Private Mask Balls are quite

center of the dance floor in such a posigrams is a vital factor in mutual imthe thing. Just try one.

tion as to form the letters E. J. From provement.

.........

412 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

Course of Study

Physical Activities 9. Broad jump for distance in competition.

(April 1) III. Swimming

Prepare for discussion, Handbook, A. Approved:

pages 9, 440445. Handbook Sup- 1. Short distances for speed (20 to

plement pages 2931. 40 yds. indoors, 20 to 60 yds.

The problem of choosing physical outdoors) activities for different groups, classi- 2. Strokes for form.

fying according to age, height, weight 3. Dives.

distance for Plunge (30 sec). fitness, also 4. physical and

5. events. Novelty

ability, be deterto according should 6. Stunts.JohnsManville classifications

selected leaders from group mined by 7. yds.). Relays (20

the group. 8. Lifesaving events for form. Will End 9. Water games—not strenuous ones

GROUP ACTIVITIES B. Doubtful:

1. Plunge longer than 30 seconds.

2. Underwater swimming. Your Roofing For Pubescent or Adolescent Girls C. Condemned:

2. polo. Water Expense A. Approved: I. Games 1. Swimming long distances for speed. 3. High Diving.

2. Captainball. IV. Miscellaneous forever! 1. Volleyball. 3. Captainbasketball.

4. Newcomb. A. Approved:

climbing. 5. 1. Hiking, Endball.Curtis Co. Zarr Roofing

ball. 2. 6. winter sports. Skating and Punch

Block 401 Dooly Tel. Was. 3091 riding. 3. 7. Horseback Drive ball.

APPROVED ROOFING CONTRACTOR 8. Long ball. 4. Paddling.

9. Giant volleyball. 5. Rowing.

For 10. Pin ball. 6. Bicycling.

JOHNSMANVILLE MATERIALS 1 1 Nine court basketball. 7. Rollerskating.

RIGID ASBESTOS SHINGLES 12. Field Hockey. B. Doubtful:

BUILTUP ASBESTOS ROOFING 13. Indoor baseball. 1. Hikes longer than 15 miles.

PIPE AND BOILER INSULATION 14. Handball. C. Condemned:

15. Bowling. 1. Paddling or rowing long distances,

(i<iitlif C'(il)ll4 <>-K-0- 16. Tennis. especially for speed.

17. Golf. 18. Quoits. For Mature Girl

Outfit the Whole j 20.19. Tenikoit.Archery. All sports, games and events approved

Family For Spring B. 21.Doubtful:Paddle Tennis. for pubescent girl, and in addition:

1 competition (dur- I. Games At Collins! Basketball—inearly adolescence) ing

A. Approved: adolescence). early 2. Soccer (during

1 rules) (girls'baseball. 3. Outdoor

2. rules). (modified C. be condemned: BasketballSoccer—To B. Condemned: 1. Football. on Buy Payments 1. Football. rules. 2. Basketball—boys'

rules. 3. Soccer—boys'Field II. Track and Credit Your is O. K. II. Field Events and Track

A. Approved:

A. Approved: 1. to yds. Dashes 75 up it the Let the bring whole family 1. to yds.). dashes (up Short 50 2. for form. Jumping keen of that enjoyment knowing events. 2. Throwing 3. pit. soft with High jump are they completely well dressed events 3. for form, Jumping (with 4. for form. Hurdling Select spring! what now you soft pit) 5. to for speed Hurdling 60 yds. arrange the to terms 4. thisneed—we'll for form. Hurdling 2'. Hurdles suit income. your distances 5. (short speed for Hurdling 6. races speed. for Short walking

18")- events, for form, dis- 7. Throwing

(short distances).—low hurdles—for speed Men's Clothing and Furnishings 6. Walking tance, accuracy.

races. 7. Obstacle / 8. races. Obstacle Boys'Wear

8. races. Short relay 9. Relay races. Coats, Women's 9. events. Novelty 10. events. Novelty Dresses Millinery and B. Doubtful: B. Doubtful:

1 High jump for height. 1. High jump for height in competi-

2. Broad jump for distance. tion.

C. Condemned: 2. Broad jump for distance.

1. Long runs for speed. C. Condemned:

2. Throwing heavy weights. 1 Long runs for speed.

3. High jump for height in competi- 2. Long walks for speed.

tion. 3. High jump indoors for height.

4. All jumps for height or distance 4. Broad jump for distance indoors.

indoors. 5. High hurdles. III. Swimming

6. Crosscountry running.

I.,, i 7.8. PoleShot vault.put. A. 1.Approved:For speed—75 yds.

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 413

2. Strokes for form. 7. Bull in ring. 4. Fishing.

3. Dives. 8. Wrestling. 5. Hunting.

4. Plunge for distance, 45 sec. 9. Boxing. 6. Tennis.

5. Novelty events. 10. Stunts. 7. Golf.

6. Stunts. 11. Volley ball. 8. Handball.

7. yds. 12. Basketball. 9. Volley ball. Relays—40

8. Cross lifesaving. Red 13. Baseball. 10. Skating.

9. Water games. 14. Football. 11. Skiing.

B. Doubtful: 15. Soccer. 12. Tobogganing

1. Underwater swimming. 1 6. Tennis. 13. Swimming.

2. High diving. 1 7. Swimming. 14. Boating.

C. Condemned: 18. Handball. 15. Lifesaving.

distance for speed. 1. Long 16. Gardening.

Field and Events: 2. rules). Track polo (men's Water 17. Riding.

if Simple, they have not had training 18. Dancing.

For Boys of Junior High School Age and Physical Examination. dult Men:

1. Hiking. Recreational Self Testing Physical Activities as: Stunts

2. Camping.

1 roll. Backward Adult Women: 3. Fishing.

2 stand. Head 1. Walking. 4. Hunting.

3 horse. Rocking 2. Hiking. 5. Tennis.

race. 4 Crab 3. Camping. 6. Volley ball.

toss. 5 Ankle

6 Hand ball. <><>'><>-<>*<!*< >< I,10l ono(iw<)o[)(ii)4Mn

7. Soccer. 8. Basketball.

9. Ice hockey. 10. Volley ball. -a modern shop

11. Tennis.

12. Golf. 13. Indoor (playground baseball) for modern shoppers

Physical Games as:

1. Army ball. 2. Team basketball. COATS

toad. 3. Hop

4. ball. i SUITS Scramble

5. Hiking. DRESSES

6. Swimming.! 7. Winter sports. MILLINERY

8. Camping.

Track and Field: | FURS

1. Short and Simplified events.

. IV. Miscellaneous j "Open a Charge Account"

1. Fencing. \

j Utah's For Boys of Senior High School Oldest | l. Handball. j Fur

2. Soccer.! Store! 3. Basketball. 238 MAIN 4. Ice hockey.

5. Volley ball. >. frOOB0<l-M-OH04i <>B-OHft-t>Mfr010ai0H<)H<>Hfrn*lOH<

6. Mass or service ball.

7. Tennis. 8. Football.

9. Golf.

Baseball. 10.

catP/jysi Social Games as: | WHY DON'T YOU LIVE

1. Bear in Pit.

2. Bull in Ring. THE "WORD OF WISDOM"? ball. 3. Mount

4. to base. i Carry

5. Chase. Grand |I as givenIt is ain truth—thatDoc. and Cov.verySec.few 89.members of the Church really live the Word of Wisdom

6. tag. Poison this "For reason are sick many you, among and said many sleep,"Paul. | as:Stunts Health, Vitality, Endurance Longlife and are those promised who live according to Flip. Natural as outlined 1. Hand Laws therein.

2. Spring. Head

3. Shoulder Spring. Is wWord"?at?of r;?Wisdom.VJay",odern Health Service is a Sensible and Practical Application of the

Boxing and Wrestling. |

Hiking. Eat With Us When You Come To Conference &'At Swimming. j

CAFE—HEALTH | Boating. FOOD STORE]—DIETETIC SERVICE- N$ \>1 i BOOKS—FREE LECTURES Sports. W<iter Ajfr

Horsemanship. >.ce

2929 West 1st South AS** 25 Age of College Men. uLiaiguLStraight xvicnarusRichards downuuwu s c>jj aNrV 1 fj PhysicallyMany as: Active Games Te mplc B.oc, SoUth CStreetstreets fromfrom Vs 1. Bombardment. 2. Dodgeball. %V

3. ball. Bat 0&JS&&<

4. ball. Net e

5. Bear in Pit. o*

6. Captain ball.

414 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

7. Handball. Horseshoe courts

Was. 4180—Was. 4181 9.8. Skating.Golf. VolleyCroquet ball

"More than 40 Years of 10.1 1. Skiing.Tobogganing. TennisBasket ballCourt lighted?

Knowing How"12. Swimming. Mats for stunts

13. Boating. Golf Putting

14. Lifesaving. KELLY 15. Bowling. Check up vacant space in your ward

16. Boxing. and see how some of it might be used.

Wrestling. 17. for increasing Formulate plan some COMPANY

18. Dancing.

facilities school, church yards, in home Pitching. 19. Horseshoe STATIONERS

areas. or community 20. Lawn Bowling. BOOKBINDERS 21. Women's basketball. Draw a map of a mile or onehalf

PRINTERS 22. Indoor baseball. mile radius, showing all the possible

that might be used for group It is activities that of facilities important First South 23 West or mass participation. (strenuous) nature be should City, Salt Lake

restricted Utah physicallimited in regard to time and Bibliography. J or endurance unless participants have Layout and Equipment of Playgrounds.

had thorough health examinations and Recreation Asso. of Amer., 315, 4th

a recent heart test. Strenuous physical Ave., N. Y.

activity is very unwise after a recent Play Areas, Playground and Recreation acute infection of any kind. It is thereAsso., A. S. Barnes & Co.

Athletic for Preparation of Grounds to frequent fore very have important 1 (Price Series Events, Phys. Ed. No.

classify according heart group tests and Interior, of Bur. Edu. Dept. 5c)

ability. (See to age and Recreation. of Organization Play and RKO articles in May Women J. physicalEra—Why Co. S. Barnes B. Nash, A.

Should Supervise Girls'Activities and

Why a Medical Examination and (April 15)ORPHEUM What Kind.)

How to organize and further use

Consider the following: existing facilities of public school or

church for:

Questions Tournaments. Week Starting Hikes.

Do the M Men in basketball have heart Teaching Tennis.

tests? Teaching Golf. Wednesday Why not just as much fun if the Mass Participation in group comtime of competition is cut down or petition.

limited?

Illustration of things ward to do in would you not have men coach April 2nd Why Divide outdoors. or gathering group girls activities? in physical

Why should group and mass physical group according to departments into 4 activities be fostered rather than specialteams representing Yellows, Reds, Orized team play? anges, Greens. "THE CASE Why is tennis possibly the best sport Have each class team compete as

for adolescent boys and girls? follows:

How can hiking and camping be made girls? OF accessible young boys and to more Boy

of Bibliography: Organization feet. Play Total

Recreation, Barnes J. B. Nash, A. S. aid Basketball Throw. Hive Bee Girls (8) SERGEANT Scouts (6 to 8) Broad Jump. Education, Co. Wood New Physical Distance. each. 6J 2 Total throws

Co. McMillan Education Ossidy, Dash, Average 60 yd. Vanguards (8)

Physical Education, Through Wayman, Time. GRISCHA"Activities for Co. Physical Leo Febiget Girls, Baseball Junior Indoor Throw.

Distance. Total The Most Powerful Co.H. S. AthleticGirls, BellActivities8 Others,for A.WomenS. Barnesand Gleaners, Volley ball, Serve 3 tries, 1

Drama Ever Shown Girls,PhysicalSpalding,Activities,No. Bowen,115 R. A.ConductS. Barnesof pointwithin eachcourttimebounds.ball clearsTotalnetPoints.and falls

pitches Basketball, Pitching—3

each basket, 1 point Total on the Talking Screen Co. fromM Men,foul line,

(April 8) Points.

Adult Men, Horseshoe Pitching, Total

Points.—Also Facilities Needed for Conduct Adult Women. Walking Race, 30 ft..

of Physical Activities Average time.

Age classification of activities listed Determine 1st, 2d, 3d, 4th place in above. each group, giving 12, 10, 8, 6 points RKO Take classification and check those respectively for score. If more are on

the people in your ward can participate team make score possibly greater. Then

in have teams total points to determine Greater Within ward.* winning team.

Within community.** Work out three other events that

Schools. might be suitable to each group for

City or community organizations. outdoor gathering, also three eventsVaudeville Private that may be used. each that might be used by group

What could be provided that is not indoors. Work out score sheets fot

on your own ward property? such mass participations.

:..

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 415

Keep your suggestions for actual 1 volley ball net. Pans.

use. 2 horseshoe pegs. Hammers.

1 hammer. Horseshoes.

(April 22) 4 horseshoes. Horseshoe Stakes.

4 Indian clubs. Megaphones.

This is the night when department 8 burlap sacks for races. Sticks.

activity leaders meet with Community 1 first aid kit. Sacks.

bags. 8 bean (Length) Tape of direction under Activity Committee

1 set checkers. Trowels. to of activities in charge Counselors

1 set of rook. Rope. T. W. suitable activities social discuss physical

1 Standards. rope (tug of war) Volley

for1st—Makeeach group.out suggestive list for each Picnic Kit (Outdoors) VolleyVolley Nets.Balls.

ot No. 2 purposes. intermission or groupA—rest Suggestive Picnic Games for Mixed purposes. Basketballs. B—Social Groups of individdevelopment Bats (indoor). C—Physical

uals. Baseballs (indoor). Special Stunts:

list of out suggestive Bags. Guessing Contests.'Ad's, nails, peas, games Bean 2d—Make

taught be each department for that may etc. Blocks.

in the department and which may be introduced by department members into fr<> (iw>(i-ir) win f their homes and may become part of a program in home recreation.

actable discussion on 3d—Round

with department of each tivity problems BUILDING? ARE YOU for their possible questions and suggestions If you are, you want the best materials obtainable—for solution.

Bibliography the best cost less in the long run. Specify our

See Handbook, pp. 3 62368. "Home Play,""What Can We Do?"WASHED SAND AND GRAVEL

"Recreational Games and Programs,""Rural and Small Community RecreaAND CRUSHED ROCK tion."Playground Everyone,""Fun for Our screened and crushed bank run materials add to the

of America, Recreation Asso. and 315 4th

Ave., N. Y. strength and durability of many of Utah's finest public buildings

"Ice Breakers,""Getting Together,"and homes.

Geister, J. P. Doran S Co., N. Y Order a load of our KLEEN KIDDIE PLAY SAND

(April 27) Heavy hauling, excavating, grading and compressorand

Building a socialphysical program "Jackhammer"Work for a ward reunion, a ward picnic, an "Look for the orange and black dump trucks"party. all mutual

planning. Organization and

Suitable games and activities. J. B. 8 R. E. WALKER

Equipment needed. Trucking Contractors

Supplies needed. 203 East 5th So. Phone Was. 5604

Each member of committee bring Salt Lake City suggestions for nondance program for a mutual recreation party.

A. Indoors.

B. Outdoors.

Have suggestions more social in nature than those planned as a physical participation activity mass program VACUUM CLEANER outlined 15 night. for April

Make out list for indoor recreation kit.

Make out list for outdoor recreation The Eureka Cleans by "High Vakit.

Criticize lists included below. cuum"Nothing Less than "WashSocial Party Ki ing"things With Air

caps. paper 24 more No thorough—none sacks. paper 50 to contend with scarfs. 1 2 cloth gentle—nocleaning beltsmethodor is brushesmore

1 whistle. "Eureka"in its 21st Year of Leadership.

1 ball twine.

100 colored paper strips.

4 hoops. The "Grand Prize"Cleaner of Them All

4 Today for Particulars 2 IndianBooks—Communityclub pins. Songs. Free Trial—Call 2 Books—Community Games.

Picnic Kit (Outdoors)

1 baseball. indoor Phone Wasatch 4764 177 East Broadway, Salt Lake City

1 bat. baseball indoor

1 volley ball.

::.

416 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

it*B-n*>:mm -a Official Handshaker. Teacher and Class.

Prize Drawings. The Old Oaken Bucket.

to Line. Bowling | SPRING TIME IS

Kicking. Ball Children under 5: Volley

I CLEANING TIME Penny Scramble. Hoop Rolling.

Candy Kiss Scramble. Zig Zag Relay.

I Now is the time to consider a Rolling25 yd. Race.Dash. BeanPotatoBagRace.Balance Relay.

j G. E. Vacuum Cleaner... $35.00 RabbitKiddie Hop.Car Race. EggsSkippingand Race.Spoon Race.

! Automatic Washer only....$75.00 Treasure Hunt. Rooster Fight.

Johnson's Floor Polisher.$29.50 Over Relay.

Children 5 to 8 S Penny Scramble.

"American Beauty"Flat Iron Candy Kiss Scramble. Men:

25 yd. Dash. Centipede Race.

Rolling Race. Over and Under Race.

Kiddie Car Race. Ocean Wave Relay.

Rabbit Hop. Egg Throwing.

Treasure Hunt. Prohibition Race.

Leap Frog.

Children 8 to 11: Tug of War.

Boys and girls. Separately. Tug of War Rush.

One out. Squat Ball Relay.

Jump the Shot. Three Legged Sack Race.

Sack Relay. Tire Changing.

i Subway. Head Ducking.

Relay. Hobble Eating. Marshmallow

Elephant Boxing. Walk. Chef When in for Conference pay us i

Fight. Cock

a visit Children 12 to 15: Check over Bibliography in HandSeparately for boys and girls. book, page 456, Activities 456, OutRace Crab

I list those you Electric and 458, Athletics, (Bags) door Co. j Modern Siamese Twins.

used. are acquainted with and have I 2307 Was. Stilt Race. j

128 South State, Salt Lake City j Bean Bag Rush.

Back Race. Go and Go

In a program of physical activities. Obstacle Race. Fred C. Wolters, Mgr. i 1

should as the following objectives such Relay. Hoop Rolling

of Ball. achievementI F. Boede, Secy.-Treas. j Dodge in mind: kept be The

Wheel Barrow Relay. health and physical wellbeing through

Squat Position Race. wholesome activities, properly conAll Up Relay. ducted; the development of a social

Race. Hand Walking participants; conattitude among Relay. Sack. Legged

all agencies conof cooperation genial Fight. Drake DISTINCTIVE Three cerned. Hat Sparring.

Ball Relay. Kicking

Carrier's Relay. Problems: Does your community Water LIGHTING j

nature? a physical of games conduct Lemon Tossing. FIXTURES Club Throw Elimination. have suitable quarters in which to

go for the boys and girls can Where jc

Men and Women: this type of activity? If the equipis it to insuitable, due is not

lack of or lack For Residential or j TwoCrackerin Eating.One. mentdifference, of funds,

Relay. Chair find no leadership. If you executive over Line (Bean Bags) Church Purposes FoldingRelay in wholesome participation general Race. Confetti

Match Box Passing. physical activities, is it due to

Hunter, Gun and Rabbit. lack of opportunity, lack of

Bag and Balloon Relay. appreciation of its value, or

Send For Catalog Stepping Stones. special group monopoly of

JumpMake UpStickContest.Relay. grounds and equipment?

j Shuttle Relay (Obstacle). Suggestions for the solution Passing. Circle Marble Elder Bros. Electric Double Quick Relay. of these problems:

Race. Spooning 136 East BroadwayOcean Wave Relay. Make a survey of all availHoop

Salt Lake City able play spaces, and from the

Women results, decide upon a project

Balloon Blowing. for the establishing of what is

Balloon Kicking. needed. Organize a campaign

Branch Stores at KangarooBaseball Throw.Balloon Race. toand educateprovide thefor community,the raising

Ten Trips. of necessary funds. Ogden Over Relay. /?'fiS Organize a consistent, suPass Ball.

2337 Washington Ave Jiggs and Maggie Derby. pervised program to bring inProvo ClothesFanning PinRace.Race. playterestedpurposes.people together for

215 West Center St. TossingBag BurstingInto Race.Barrels. Plan a constructive plan for

i*BM!-*J Bean Bag Stacking. physical recreation.

Home Recreation IV

Conversation, Reading, and Storytelling

created the assigned topics, natural and easy Life, Children's Friend, and othersWHOEVER false proverb, "Children conversation develops and personas well as certain types of books should be seen, but not alities are enriched thereby. help to develop desirable traits.

heard,"has never caught the real John Martin has selected a list of thrill and joy of family associaHome Reading 60 books called John Martin's tion. The proprieties of converTT is necessary that good reading Safety Sixty, indicating the influsation cannot be learned by silence, * should be provided. An interence which he believes each book

and the subdued child is certain to esting magazine such as the Child has on the child. The list with

break out with some awkward (l()(>04 and embarrassing remark when in t company. I THAT BUYER GAINS WHO DEALS WITH DAYNES

Conversation is a valuable feature of family recreation, although Daynes Improved one easy to neglect. The home Sanitary

group is an ideal one for the disSacrament Sets cussion of thought and ideas.

Amusing incidents, news of the Embodyingideas, includingthe latestlightnesshygienicof day, family plans and aspirations, weightience. and points of convenaccomplishments of great people,

all help train in the important arts FREE TRIAL OFFER of observation and expression. If setWeforwill30 senddays, youfreea trial.completeIf

this form of activity is difficult to youSanitarydo notWaterthink Setit theon bestthe launch, there are many interesting satisfactorymarket and in it everyis notway,entirelyyou and simple devices through which can return the same to us at it may be developed, and the memour expense.

bers of the family come into a andMorein Daynesuse thansetsallareotherssold closer understanding of one ancombined. Write or ask for

other. free circular.

Tray and Filler, Showing How to Fill Glasses ()NE mother suggests that as a PRICES each be beginning, person asked Tray with 36 Glasses $11.00

interdescribe to in the evening one esting event observed during the InstantaneousInstantaneous Filler,Filler, PatentedPatented 8.508.50 'Izqmainst. j

day. Another suggests that each

member bring home from school or work or play the report of the nicest thought entertained during the hours just past. In another Satisfies Careful]

family, each one is expected to beprepared daily to use a new and un- 6% Investors converin the course of usual word to the yielding Mortgage Loans 6% net see sation, to can do it if he and desirable usually investor are the most naturally enough so that the others will not detect it. If it is noticed, form of security selected for the investthe user pays a forfeit. Otherwise ment of trust funds. Life Insurance

they are told the word, and all Companies, Banks and Trust Companies who cannot give its meaning pay a place a large amount of money in this forfeit. This is helpful in increasform of investment. Private individuals

vocabularies of ing the particiare learning more and more about the adattentive in developing pants, and attitudes toward the remarks of vantages of The Safe Mortgage Loan as others. a means of conserving and increasing

Stories, anecdotes, good turns wealth.

seen or done that day, visits to Ask for our list of factories and places of historic inSound First Mortgages.

terest, all may be made subjects of family talk, and questions and ABtjtnttSlntktttB (En.

answers concerning them promote ESTABLISHED 1902 interesting discussion. From such

418 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

1 the indicating symbols is given 2, 4, 5; C4.

; Tales Lamb, From the symbols: here with a key to Shakespeare—A5

2, 5. B2, 4; CI, Th is Lanier, 3, 4, Book of Bravery—Al, A 2, 5; Bl, 5; C2.

Lear, tone and standards. Complete 1 ) Moral TRUST COMPANY ( Nonsense Book—A5;

Reverence. 2, 3, 5. CI, B2; (2)

Acts as sense Lytton, of honor. Last of High Days (3) Pompeii—Al,

5; 4. Chivalry. Bl, 4; C2, (4)

- Assignee Trustee - Receiver Lagerloff, background. Cultural, mental Adventure of B2, (5) Nils—A2;

3, 4. 3, 4; CI, - Guardian Executor B Palgrave, Golden Treasury—Al, 2, 3, Agent Exchange 2, 3. 5; 3; B2, CI, finer ambitions. (1) Higher and Administrator (2) Mental stability. Porter, Scottish Chiefs—Al, 2, 3, 4,

2, 5; Bl, CI. basic judgments. Broad (3) Registrars Pyle, 3, 4, 5; Bl, King standards Fine of human and life (4) 5; Arthur—Al,

2, 2, 4. 5; CI, Transfer relationships.

Agent (5) Normal patriotism.—A3,Pyle, 4,Merry5; B4;AdventureCI, 2, of5.Robin Hood

Pyle, of Men 3, 4, 5; Bl. 4. Iron—Al, 2, 5; CI, ( 1 ) Wholesome imagination and sym- 2,

pathies. Ruskin, King of the Golden River

3, Al, B4; CI. 4% appreciations. Refined (2) Scott, 2, 3, 4, 5; Bl, SAVINGS PAID ON taste. 5;Ivanhoe—Al, Instinctive good (3)

2, 4. 5; C2, patience. Intelligent (4) Gilt First Edge Mortgage of humor. Clean sense (5)

Loans or Bonds to Aesop, Fables—Al, 5; B2; CI. Story Telling

;; C4. Little B4 Net You 6% Alcott, Women—A5

; CI, Fairy Andersen, Tales—A5 story,"plea, "Tell me a 2, "THE 5: 3, Master Bennett, Skylark—Al, father or the provides mother

HalloranJudge Blackmore, Lorna Doone-—Al, 2, 3, with an opportunity to give real

5; B2, 3, 4. joy to the child and at the same

Saints and Friendly of Trust Book Brown, Company his education build to help time 2, CI. 5; B4; Beasts—Al, prethe character, for through 2, 3, and Pilgrim's Bunyan, at Salt j Cor. Broadway, Main Progress—Al, wellthe of of sentation some 2. 5; B2, 4; CI, City, Utah, Lake Was. 633 a get will stories child the Alice In Carroll, known Wonderland—A5

CI, 2, 5. great amount of pleasure, will bethe LookingGlass Carroll, Through of litfamiliarized some with come

5. CI, 2, A5; will understand erature's gems and Bl, 2; CI, 2. Church, Iliad—A5;

traits of of certain the value 2. better CI, 2;; Bl, Church, Odyssey—A5 Roosevelt character. 5; As Theodore 4; Collodi, B2, Pinocchio—Al,

CI, 2. said, "Presidents may come and

the of Last Cooper, CALIAWAY go, ReMohicans—A5 Uncle but presidents may

C4. 4; should story stays put."mus A Before Years the Mast Dana, Two Hoock & Francis B2, It told. directly be simply and 4. 5; 3, 5; Al, B2, C2,

66 Main St. j Defoe, Robinson Crusoe—Al, 2, 5 need not be learned word for word

4. CI, B2; tell it in is better to fact it

Dickens, be Stories should way. Cricket on the Hearth-—A5—inone's own 2. B4; CI,

fitted to the age and experience of Dodge, Hans Brinker—Al, 2, 5; B4 WELCOME C2, 4. the children to whom they are told

3, White The moralizing. be no should Company—Al, and there

4, 5. Bl, 2,

tales tales, and nanonsense Fairy Conference 4: Doyle,Fabre, of Science Story Book The

A2, 5; B2, 4; CI, 2. ture and historical stories are the

Field, of tell; B2, Poems children. book, best to Visitors The Childhood—A5

4; 2, 5. CI, Sara to Stories Children, Tell by

Harris, Uncle His Sayings and Remus published Bryant, Houghby Cone B3, 2, 5. CI, 4;—A5; price Co., ton, Mifflin a New York, Hale, Without Man you to come in and j We invite Country—Al,

3, 2, 4, is of 5; 5; B2, a CI. books of one number $1.50, see the beautiful and new | Tangleand Hawthorne, Book Wonder stories for contains good which

; 5 3. CI, wood in Glassware, things Dinner- j Tales—A ages. different children of School Brown's Hughes, Days Tom etc., for Plates, Service ware, j 2, 3, 5; Bl, 4; A2,

lists for story of books Many 1 e the Ingelow,; CI, the Moapa d o r n j y appointed m C4.Fairy—A5 liavailable children are through 2.

table.; Kipling, sources, Jungle braries other Book and among (First)—A5

2, 5. 4, CI, 4; B2, the following: them of Souvenir a Your Take

; Kipling, Jungle Book (Second)—A5

2, 5. 4, B2, CI, 4; Visit Salt to Lake Home Shelves. Children's for Gifts Book

; Kipling, Just So 4: B3, Stories—A5 Chicago. Association, Library American With You 2, 5. 3, CI,

List of Books for Children. A Graded

Association, Chicago. Library Kim—Al, 2, 5; Bl, 3, 4; American An Interesting Assortment CI,Kipling,3, 4.

Readers. Child Books for Young; B4; CI, Here For You 2. Kingsley, Water Babies—A5 Association of America, York Study New Kingsley, Westward Ho!—A3, 5; Bl, City.

Interior Decoration By GLENN J. BEELEY

Wall Finishes INfinisheveryis tocasebe givenwherea wall,a fancythe dryTakebackgroundan ordinaryof eitherspongepaint.and perfluouspalette, tappaint,it gentlythen pressto ridititlightlyof suwall must first be thoroughly cut it in two to give you two good but firmly against the wall and

covered with a good standard working forces. Use a board or you have an imprint. A number

paint either a gloss or a flat finish, sheet of tin to serve as a palette of these may be made before redone just as well as though the and spread on it a rather thin layer newing the paint in the sponge and wall were to be finished in a plain of the paint to be used on the it is best to apply them in a hit or color. The last coat of plain paint sponge. Wet the sponge in water miss fashion, turning the hand at

must be perfectly dry before any and squeeze it out as dry as posthe wrist occasionally but taking fancy finish is applied. sible, choose the surface you will care not to turn the sponge in the

use, touch it to the paint on the hand, because the formation of the

Glazed or Antique Finish j

liquid glazing with'TINT oil J INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS ALWAYS color it over the dry and brush wall.painted or text- a rough On

ured wall the glaze be IN STOCK coat may wiped off, leaving the color in the depressions. On smooth walls it Tray with$18.5036 Glasses,

may be wiped in swirled, irregular strokes with good results, or the Extra Glasses, Per wiping rags may simply be pressed Doz., $1.25

against the wet glaze coat. These

methods give the appearance of Bread Baskets, $9.50 j

texture where none exists. The

glazed effects are much in vogue Best in the Market for woodwork as well as walls, and may be applied over stippled Will Last a Life Time, 36 Glasses in Each Tray flat or semiflat enamel. Wall RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

paints are suitable for woodwork and MadeIntermountainespecially forregion,L. D.alsoS. Churches,in all Missionsand successfullyin the Unitedused inStates,Utah

metal, Islands. is Nickel Silver, heavily plated Basic Europe, and Pacificthat the glazed. to be When

Solid with is it a glaze given should be dry SIMPLE, SANITARY, Silver.DURABLE

coat of flat varnish. Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered

BUREAU OF INFORMATIONSalt Lake City Scumbled Finish Temple Block u is part removingCCUMBLING ()()<) KJMK>- to of a wet coat allow a dry background of another coat to show through. The background

may be either a gloss finish or a flat finish. The last coat of paint UTAH

should be thinned with glazing liquid or linseed oil to retard its setting and give it the proper stickiness to enable the paper or rags BEET SUGARto pick up the paint in interestingpatterns. UTAH'S FOREMOST AGRICULTURAL

For the coarsest design or patASSET tern, press loosely crumpled newspaper against the wet coat; for a

somewhat smarter pattern roll Deserves the Support of Every Loyal Utahn crumpled paper or rags over the is nonewet coat, for a fine pattern pat the Insist on it from your grocer—There

wet coat over and over with a better handful of crumpled paper until the texture is uniform. "Flavor with sugar and you'flavor with

Sponge Imprints health"] MPRINTS may be either of flat or gloss paint, applied on a 420 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

sponge regulates the pattern on the may be done, according to the effect wall. desired. For a very smooth flat-

A second person may follow imappearing finish pat the wall with

Uniformly mediatelyout waitingwithforanotherthe firstcolorimprintswithablendinghandfulis ofdone.cheesecloth after the

High Tiffany Finish No. 2 Quality

Gloss background; also for

blending.

XTO glazing liquid is necessary;

simply daub the various blend colors on the painted wall and blend them with a brush. The

paint sets slowly enough to enable one to blend the colors satisfactorily without haste. If an ordinary

paint brush is used, hold it at an angle of about 45 degrees, and use a sort of stabbing motion when blending. The blending may be

Rich, whole milk... done with a regular stippling

nothing'added with out except... brush. This makes a softer blend, nothing: taken

content the water the lights that give backing high its forI Sege is famous Milk character to the wall. texsmooth uniformly

ture and flavor. Askrich,for creamyit by A somewhat more artistic effect

name. is produced if (on smooth plaster)

At Your orthe islaststippled,coat of thatthe backgroundis, tapped withcolGrocer's a brush when the paint has set sufficiently to prevent it leveling out again. This stippling gives

the wall an interesting pebbly texture, because the brush bristles pull the paint out in tiny points

The again.that do Ifnotmellowhollygloss issettleused backit is

ready for stippling in about thirty

Ideal to dry. Imprints in four or five minutes after being applied, de-

a neutral background or Folding colors pending upon the condition of the effect. a pleasing produce atmosphere.

Chair Tiffany Finish No. 1

For Flat paint background; oil colFifty-Five Years

Ward Amusement ors for blending. Old!

sepvessel a a separate and Halls USE oil color. arate each for brush Brigham Young of are chairs made These

a bit oil color of each with Thin seat) steel (excepting. The University liquid glazing turpentine add and will floor not contacts rubber

insures the the turpentine to each, the most damage mar nor Is One Of The the glazcolor readily with mixing flooring. delicate

ing liquid. To a wall which is to Outstanding AchieveUsed in be done at one working apply a ments of the

Granite Stake coat of glazing liquid (either plain or tinted with one of the oil colors First Century of

Lincoln Ward that is to appear in the blend) and Mormonism

Midvale Second Ward on this wet coat apply the various and Many Others colorsavoidingin straightirregularlines.daubs,Thenalwayswith Undergraduateate Work Offeredand Graduaround brush, working commence Summer Quarter Opens PEMBROKE'S cheesecloth, waste, sponge or color edges of these the outer

24 E. Broadway splotches and gradually blend all I June 9

together. Much or little blending

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 421

YOU CAN ASSIST

In the DEVELOPMENT of YOUR COMMUNITY by Patronizing your LOCAL DEALER

REMEMBER—Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a

Necessity.

You can See and Inspect your Purchases from Him and Receive his GUARANTEE of SATISFACTION.

He Contributes Largely to the Support of Local Churches, Schools,

It is in all ways good economy Colleges, Charitable and Public Institutions.

to get a paint, high grade as the cheaper grades will not hold up MONEY—

well. Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER

Bibliography. RETURNS to BENEFIT YOU or YOUR HOME TOWN.

Interior Decoration, Helen P. Hammond. The Small Home, published by

Architects, Small House Service Bureau. The

/eHardware@o.

Pocatello, Salt Idaho City, Utah Lake If Winter Comes Colorado Wholesale Exclusively Junction, Boise, Idaho Grand

By MARGARET C. MOLONEY

\\7E may as well prepare for ** Spring, for she will not be THE NEW ALL STEEL many steps behind Winter. As

the wise virgins look to theirlamps, so will the wise gardener MISKIN SCRAPER look to hers, placing them about the house close to the foundation that they may snuggle in the EASY friendly shelter through the long TO FOR unfriendly months with their chilHANDLE HORSES ly breaths and frosty mantles EASY OR cold austere months have who no TO TRACTOR traffic lights cheery such with gay as are tendered by crocus, narcissus, PULL daffodil, tulip.

One day, though, Winter will WEEDS GROW UP AROUND ALL OTHER SCRAPERS totter, grow more and more feeble, WHERE THE MISKIN IS KNOWN now. farm POSSIBLY BE INVESTMENT BETTER CAN NO then MADE eventuallyand grudgingly

is it to well operate, that a leveled is cheaper as farm known TIME, LevelAT THISyourgive to the lamplighters, irrigate way less produce to less labor time to requires and an even distribution water and

March, April, and May. March ofwithcropsa Miskinand a Scraper.much greaterWRITEyield.FORTheCIRCULARefficient andANDeconomicalPRICES. way to do this is

is a blustery lamplighter, and like Manufactured only by as not will blow out all the lamps he has lighted, just for the sport MISKIN SCRAPER WORKSof it, neither knowing nor caring, UCON, IDAHO that the lamps must remain dark all through the gay Spring. So,

it were better to hide the lamps the blustery chap. Aprilfrom is ELIAS MORRIS & find dependable; she willmore and

every lamp, no fear. Even if released from duty before she has SONS CO.

lighted every one, May, her succes21-23 West South Temple St.

sor, will complete the task.

"V\7HAT a grand and glorious MANTELS—TILES—MEMORIALS

"thrill to step from the bed Write Us For Information About Our <S'V& one chilly April morning, and find Y>*V the place all lighted up with bits COLORED TILE BATHROOMS AND of color, bobbing and dancing in the early breeze, while the mist GRANITE MEMORIALS $>4 scurries over the hills into hiding.

(Continued on page 431) i...

422 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

telephone saying: "Are was by

formal. My Needs sounds you there?"This

"Is it you?"conveys a meaning

(Continued from page 387) which every woman knows! I

would part with my car sooner Cleaning & Dqeing Ca fluffy balls of kittens following than with my telephone. It is one

her. of my greatest possessions. "Be

a very house, is not This much: in I hear, a minute,"with and you article which Every leaves a a cat kittens! garden, dog, and run, mirror! to womanlike, my only cleaned is not our shop I far, far poet need more. The the not oldfash- have We may

and refreshed but also guarmust have made a mistake! ioned bulky love letters, tied with

anteed free from objection- I need a radio set so I can listen blue or pink ribbon, hidden away able odor of all cleaning mato the speeches and sermons of in our trunks, but the silvery sound the to world's great men, the brings little telephone best of mesto times terials. music, even at things more quicker sages of bereavein time

frivolous. How can I do my exerment, and there is the "human cises without my radio? How can

Mail orders handled carefully I know the best recipes? How can

I keep in burning touch with the and promptly the present questions of day? How C. A. Cummings J. H. Chambers

can I entertain my friends? The

Salt little boy can press a button now, NATIONAL

Lake's and at once we are in another fp?:awd Master world. CLEANERS &

Cleaners Fairy tales no longer seem abDYERS and surd for electricity beats all fairy all Dyers tales, things making possible. Dependable Service electricity I could without not do

to the Alterations and Repairs Call Hy. 65—I do not want to go back

years before it came. Yes, I must

444 East Second South St. have electricity to light my house, Ladies'Fine Wearing Apparel

to clean my house, to run my our Specialty radio, one to and hundred do those longer things do which we no J ourselves, and to do them morefor Jj Mail PricesOrdersReasonableWill Receive efficiently! j Prompt Attention at City

j Prices. and it NEED running water (hot and 224 East 5th South house. cold) you exDo in my

True, a well? pect go to me to

please!: We Operate Our Own Plant tastes did so once—but not now, I j Was. 1835 Salt Lake City

I need a car to take me quickly so good! to my friends in times of great joy

and sorrow, even for the pleasure of taking one or the other out with me when I shop!

I need a telephone! How else

can I communicate with my friends when I feel I must talk, and there is no time to go to their houses? Kewanee Steel Firebox

Cut off my telephone and you deBoilers prive me of one of the joys of life!

It is true it buzzes with insistence are Universally Adopted for for trivial matters—its business L. D. S. Chapels and all Other

calls make me wish myself on a Representative Buildings desert island; but there are other

times! Ah, I would not do without my telephone! Not now!

It looks good... a

loaf perfectly formed Kewanee 5?iler Cpmpany easyto- convenient, the satisfied to be with in TjiTE

.. after slice shape * the final at hearts leaped all, the letters—ourused isRoyal taste! Longtest. but And hawleyrichardson- certain, of a sight the wellknown critical the pleases most

buyers with its delicious, flavor. handwriting; but do they not williams co. fresh, wholesome

ingredients, more voice the thrill Better more when we hear does skillful baking eyes, shutting our we District Representatives and we love, at your. grocer's.. it. Fresh

every day. can almost feel our dear ones in 204 Dooly Bldg.

the same with room us—and the

rest is forgotten! In Salt Lake City of the world LONG ROYAL better bread better baked England, the way to answer a

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 423

voice"which was missing in those days of letter writing!

T17HY do I need so many books? MISSLOU SHRIMP

I can only read one at a just the thing for parties time? There are the lending libraries. Why keep so many books As charming in coloring as in flavor,

on my own shelves? Why indeed? shrimps lend themselves admirably to the

Ask any lover of literature this decorative arrangements, their pink conquestion. It is one I cannot antrastingtuce or parsley.pleasingly with the green of letswer; as a but I hoard books my Once Shrimp you MissLou you try

hismiser does not, gold. I would will the appreciate wide utility no

willingly, part with any of them. than their attraction as a food and lessthe

.

Why do I need so many cups ease with whichSHRIMPthey maySALADbe served.

and saucers and pretty plates? I Season one can of MissLou Shrimp well

pieces celery; chop a few

add. overcan eat out of only one at a time! wellwith withsalt anda littlepepperonion, and Pour I am a social being; so I need these this mayonnaise sauce, and garnish with sliced

things for others. I need many hard boiled eggs, lemon, beets and celery tops.

Write Us for Recipe Bookletthings for myself—many more for

others. pretty do I need Why MerrillKeyser Companyclothes, for to instance? Is it not Manufacturer's Agents -Merchandise

gladden the eyes of someone else? 328 West 2nd South Salt Lake City,BrokersUtah

I need an open fireplace where, in the glowing flames, I can see long forgotten stories once again, dream dreams and see visions! I need

the warmth of my open fire besidesthe companionship that it can give Bread

I a stove cannot. ratherand would

little fireJ7$ SLOBAKED chillybe a an open by place a near shutin than INGREDIENTS OF FINE it MADEstove! how A fireplace—oh,roast Wnder isconjures romantic, all that up and

Itcheery, lovable! brings the RICHER IN MILKchildren I forback again. Have

gotten them? Oh, how I need

the little children! What is the IT'S SLOW BAKED!

use of a house if there be no chilTO BRING OUT THE GOODNESS dren to clutter it with toys?

Wherefore have a garden if tiny OF IT ALL.

feet cannot run in and out amongst the flowers, after a fugitive ball?

Can I sit round my fireplace and not want the children? TEMPLE BRAND GARMENTS

quality for the and manufactured workmanship KNITTING SALT LAKE sold at defying competition. prices us ordering from remember When T WANT so much, I need so many OfSTOREsuperiorand

things. Some I have not time We Pay Postage.

to mention. I often think that FOR LADIES FOR MEN

Woman, when she reads the No.703 Flat Weave $.95 No.610 Ribbed Light Wt $1.25

words: "Man needs but little 719 Ribbed Light Weight 1.25 601 Ribbed Med. Wt 1.25

here below, nor needs that little 751792 FineFine QualitySilk LisleCotton 1.501.95 602614 ExtraMed. Wt.FineEx.QualityQuality. 1.501.75

long,"must hide a smile! 711710 ExtraSilk StripeQualityMed.SilkWtStripe 1.501.95 605663 Med.Med. HeavyHeavy UnbleachedCotton Cotton.. 1.951.50

Did the author of them mean 714718 Med.RayonWt. Extra Quality 1.751.75 664620 NonRunMed. HeavyRayonWt. Cotton 2.501.95

"Mankind?"Did he mean "Man"715720 NonRunSuper QualityRayonRayon 2.751.95 680660 ExtraMed. Wt.HeavySilkUnbleachedand Wool 2.502.25

as distinct to "Woman?"I 20% Extra Charge For Sizes Over 46

wonder. I am none too sure that Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long

even Man needs little in these days. or short sleeve, short or long legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurement,

Man too has been spoiled. Height and Weight.

It is a fact, however, that Samples Sent Upon Request needs always andWoman KNITTING STORE will SALT LAKE their things; is Legion.need name

70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Woman needs a great deal here OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH below; and she needs it all the

time.

424 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

The Contagion of thoughreproachablehe or courtesy,she treat youand withask youircan sweetly to "come again."You Utanut and Attitude a in discern friendship and love

(Continued from page 397) person who has this feeling for it of a never you, though word at a spoken. who man I know Vitanut I'll get by snatching and grabbing be

won't make much difference in the times goes into periods of melantincture everything which Is it necessary to have cholia says anyaround seldom him. He Utah's Health Nut longall thisrun.malice? How ridiculous

Margarines crinkledit is thatandwescreweduplet our spiritswith selget thingmal, butabouthis it,wifeandcantriesrecognizeto be norone fishness and illfeeling for the sake are ideal as spreads for of a few pennies!"

bread, hot rolls and muffins. They are the finest, /\N the trail of these thoughts a most healthful shortenings. generous resolve welled up in

the girl's mind, giving her release

Buy them and build TJtah from the tension she was under, a

Home Industry relaxing happiness, which compensated instantly for the prospect of

Your grocer will supply a little selfdenial.

you, or call the factory Very soon the new determinadirect. tion was given an opportunity to

bear fruit. The girl had a pan

half full of beans when she noticed

Deseret Foods that the vessel of her neighbor on the left was empty. 'Take some

in quality by Corporation of mine,"she invited, gladly, sinCertifiedthe narae Park. Boyd

cerely, "Maybe by the time we Investigate 2246 Highland Drive finish these some more will be our values.

Salt Lake City, Utah here."Thus was the leavening com-?50*IOO*I50

menced. Astonished, the other

worker accepted, and it was not long until she had taken advantage of a chance to reciprocate. The BOYDJEWELERSPARKj/ PLANTING idea spread, entirely obliterating 166 MAD* STREET SALT LAKE CITY

the atmosphere of distrust which $tcom no more tohujifrom Boyd fork.

had pervaded. Interested converCREDIT IF DfcSIRfcD -S> TIME sation, laughter, and smiles dis-

'Time to start your placed the sullen silence. All at

planting!"says Dame once this seemed to be the sensible

earned to do. thing Nature. Everyone And those just Move Along With and it advice was ever her anyway, as much, who follow

will be rewarded by the so much easier. The college girl the Crowd and

sturdy, healthy growth found herself surprisingly conwhich comes as a result genial with the illiterate Italian PLAY A CONN of setting out every poswoman who sat opposite her, besible growing-t h i n g coming genuinely interested in the The world's greatest Band now, when the early pretty young daughter who someInstrument season rains will pack times accompanied her mother. Saxophones, Cornets,

the soil firmly around Goodwill mellowed all friction, Trumpets, etc.

the roots. and mitigated the burden of the

We will glady advise long hours. It was almost a mirSold on Easy Terms

that the metamorphosis had you what varieties to acle, Write in for information place group. in that little taken plant

And all because someone had been GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.,

Utah original enough to start a new at74 S. Main St.,

titude going! Salt Lake City, Utah.

fc Nursery Please send me catalogue and a Conn. ID HOI A HOME "YHAT a real and potent thing FREE information on

DMiimnANit** ** attitude is, after all! It is Name

2190 South State St. something one can rely on to be

Address even or than words more authentic Phone Hyland 2918. alone) actions One (by themselves Glen Bros. Music Co.

Write For Free Catalog can feel antagonism in an individual who is scorched with it, even

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 425

of those gloomy, depressed spells as wn ")<:< <m--;> K)>:i><v<)*nHM;i'

his presence.soon in as she comes NEW STUDENTS MAY ENROLL ANY TIME[ME

his Bertrand Russell, in address,

My Philosophy of Life, declared that "emotion is the basis of one's judgments and values."Fundamentally, it does have much to do

with our words, our deeds, our expressions and our mannerism. In

fact, so inextricably correlated are these things that we frequently do not distinguish between them, but could we fully appreciate the role is a mildthat attitude—which

in our lives, weshouldemotion—playssee, with Bertrand Russell, BANKING DEPARTMENT

the importance of placing people itecl hi the Business are unlim J fiein an environment will which \JlArfnnifLLlllILIC preto World. going Are you Oppstimulate desirable attitudes. Call, positions A pare for all graduates. our for them. We obtain

nervous, fretful mother is almost I write or phone for information.

invariably harassed by petulant, children.whining The atmosphere BUSINESS HENAGER'S COLLEGE determinesof the home more than | Wasatch 2753 45 E Broadway J. C. HENAGER D. B. MOENCH

most parents care to realize, the BEST EQUIPPED SCHOOL IN INTERMOUNTAIN TERRITORY personality of the individuals reared in it. The irreverence and v-n-Bf-o-a

vulgarity of a poolhall produces D coarseness in its frequenters, just as,

CASTLE GATE CLEAR CREEKinversely, the purity and sweetness!I

of the mission field helps the new missionary to want and to acquire CASTLE GATE COAL, for many years the most popular coal that holy spirit which, enhancing J in the west, is better than it ever was. It now has the importantthat part of his being that responds | advantage of being prepared—sorted, sized and graded—-by the

to cosmic stimuli, causes the spiritmost scientific methods known to the industry, at the most modern ual glow which we admire so much tipple in the west.

in our returned youths.

99YW"E meet people whom we at "That Good (Boal once like, people whom we understand and who understand BAMBERGER COAL CO.

us; and we meet others who are WASATCH 2 WALTER HALDER, Mgr. 135 SOUTH MAINrepulsive to us. We gravitate toward our own kind avoiding stimuli to which we cannot, or do not

care to adjust. And why? There

people attitude, aemanates from an SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINESradiation their of personalities, which represents their typical reacOFFER tiontendencies. This influence, ifit is compatible with our own SPECIAL WINTER

characters, we comprehend, experiencing a favorable sensation beEXCURSION FARES cause there is a condition of harmony, not discord, in the contact. FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN

In this manner, then, there is TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS spiritual communion moramong VIA SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

tals. Is it not so, too, with our

cosmic relationships? Who knows? TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RE- $CO AA

Perhaps this is one of the ways TURNING DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $elO.VVGod talks with us, the way he

hears our prayers. Our attitude, Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

seeking for him, and being attuned STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS to the rays of the universe, to the TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1st spirit or personality which radiates FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE from him, can vibrate in rhythm For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE with his until the desires and mes- D. R. OWEN, GENERAL AGENT

sages of both parties are mutually 4 1 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

perceived. PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

426 The Improvement Era for April, 1930 r Subconscious Hears I While at Conference

Have Your Auto Tops the Cackle i

Repaired i Congratulations!

i and By MARGARET C. MOLONEY in Windshield We Specialize i On The Glass Enclosure Work

Picnic the Grange I heard all i5 Same Day Received A T Tops Recovered 100th Anniversary long the complaints day Night Or During I

We Specialize i Workin Body and Fender againstfor her thefeed,"hen.over"Sheanddoesn'tover theypay

fully until con- i I came home UTAH AUTO TOP & said WELLINGTON i that vinced be so. Even it must COMPANY TRIMMING

to the cheery Manager G. A. Bloomfield, when I went down

filled henhouse 13 7-141 Motor Ave. modern and Was. 7446 my ii Aberdeen Coal

Salt Lake City, Utah basketcouldn'twithbe fair.dozensI wouldn'tof eggs, letI ii

myself think about that basket full of eggs. I thought instead of sacks I Produced by

of feed, and after the family had i retired for the night I sat up and i figured. i INDEPENDENT COAL &

the sale for be sure, of eggs To I COKE CO. bill the feed exceeded the month

but not much, and I kept repeating i A Utah Institution the words of my neighbors—i

i "Nothing for my labor—or, at

least, very little."I There is an ABERDEEN

I WENT to sleep with strong COAL DEALER in Your disapproval for my beautiful Town Beautify Your flock uppermost in my mind.

Rooms With consciousThen, as istookoftenupthethecase,subject,my suband J

Our Quality dream,laid the anmatterenlighteningbefore medream.in a vivid

Papers nic,""Prettyremarkedgoodmyfoodsubconsciousat that picas an opening shot.

An endless profusion of de- "Great!"I admitted ungrudgsigns for the new season all ingly. "If the eggs had been removed

authentic patterns and a wide from it, it would have been a queer range of prices. picnic dinner, wouldn't it?"said

subconscious.

Use LOWE BROTHERS "It would,"I said, unthinkFirst Furnish Your i High Standard Paints and ingly.

Home i Varnishes—a line that has [T has been said,"went on the i

stood the test of time, that chatty subconscious, "that you i emphasizes economy through can do more with a dozen eggs It Tells What You Are j ingrediother one than with any quality.

it. I believe ent, and Take for beautifulAxelrad'sstore,invitededicatedyou toto visitthe servicetheir =

full of Homes throughout the Intermountain Write or call for wall paper instance that veal loaf—it was

| samples and paint color ofmadeeggs;suchanda thosehit, hadbananalotspiesof eggsthat States.You are equally welcome whether you

charts. in 'em, didn't they. And the dewish to look or buy.

licious creamed chicken Mrs. JarnWhen you do deal with us you are

PAPER HANGERS are inegan brought along with her little privileged to use your credit to the full vited to send for 1930 Sterno to heat it on! I heard her extent of your needs.

Sample Book Sets. say it had four hard boiled eggs

to a quart of chicken. All the

cakes had eggs in them, of course;

and the ice cream; and the salads,

and PAINT CO. excepting those made of fruit; and

3335 Easl First South that gingerbread that had so many

SALT LAKE CITY manyeggs in,complimentsthat Mrs.on,Suternot togotmenso 'Where it is a Pleasure to Shop"

tion the dozens and dozens of P-<)-04

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 427

deviled, and pickled and plain hard:iB0M0HB-(}H(>-MaO<aMl-c>M-< )<><* >4>-HfrO-*IBt> B<lfl){){J1

boiled eggs that almost everybody thatbrought, zippy sandwich and IS YOUR the the prize Ispread that voted men the Mrs. heardof Canby day—I

!. # eggs!"say mostly it was WORKDAY ENDED I readily agreed, 'Yes,"not

knowing whither my replies were!

leading me. 2 p. m. AT

a i too, constituted "Chicken, j Fleischmann's Yeast will give / big portion of the food,mighty didn't it?"my cross examiner went j you pep and vigor and enable F

on. you to complete the workday

'Yes, a picnic would not be with enthusiasm and in commuch without chicken—and eggs,

I replied. fort. Eat three cakes a day for

in thunder,"'Then, why my health.

a jsubconscious turned on me in blare of fury, "do you keep up i = I that farce?"

"What farce?"I asked, alarmed. I! FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST! "That the hen does not pay for |

her keep,"it said, and the roar of his tone wakened me. j At most grocers, soda fountains and restaurants

So wide awake was I that I got ()() K>l)'Bm<ll) IW onn up and took my pencil and did some more figuring on the sheets I—thehad laidsheetsasidethata hadfew convincedhours beforeme For Superior Milk and its Manufacturedthat I had nothing for my labors. Products Use

I laid the sheets aside I7HENVV again to went bed quite satisfied flock with hens. of my MAID O'CLOVER not threeonly do more thanThey

fourths of the feeding of the famButter, Eggs, Cheese, Milk, Cream, Cottage Cheese, ily, but they pay for their own Buttermilkfeed, and they bring in a good dollars besides,many Pioneers'The Picnic is due to QUALITY FIRST | come off in a few weeks, and I'm Mutual Creamery Co., General Office, Salt Lake City jgoing to that spread armed not

only with good food; I'm going <MHoao-i-o-aH<>H<o-Hfr(><woHa-'i:!-o->*ap-<>-*f.<>

to spring some figures on those pessimists when they start war on In. School Cafeterias as at

will.the faithful as hen again, they convenience ever farm gathering was comNo H line—Cocoa's

plete without an attack on the hen—Chocolate's flavor for her keep.""that doesn't pay

I'll tell you about it later. I'll School cafeterias of the West prefer Ghirarbe alone in the fight for the old

hen; but they won't down me, for delli's Ground Chocolate for exactly the same

I'll have figures! reasons that most parents and most teachers

in the West prefer it.

Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate has all the convenience of cocoa's powdered form—but

all the full, fine flavor of chocolate, as well!

Mothers know it is the sensible answer to afterschool emptiness—teachers know it

means clearer heads in afternoon periods.

FREE Write for "Sweet Sixteen"Recipe Packet No. 2,

D. GhirardelliCo.,

St., Point 9i4North

Calif, Francisco, GHIRARD ELLTS San CHOCOLATE

WOVtMC/ Say "Gearar-delly"g\ 3*7 n i i inmitf iwwwttrggwwfTmiii l

428 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

The "Good English"

By EDITH CHERRINGTON "Liberty"CapUofXCAS AND OIL CO. V- Teapot The New

WholesaleRetail jFT is impossible to express high 1 ST Service as idealsimpossiblein lowto language,improve theandqualjust BuyingSelling andPower ity of that language if one cannot 1 tJ Stations criticism. endure This circumin Salt Lake County that, Lights stance formed the problems

Owned and Operated Entirely by for a time, seemed to threaten the the

Salt Lake People peace and progression of our 701 W. 8th So. Was. 1501-2 "grown up"family. Way to

Each one of us pursues his individual interests during the day, and at dinner time we all meet and GREATER exchange our views and experiences at table. Saving every amusing VALUES

Spring incident of New and bit extraordinary (Going this for information hour, we Dresses linger over our food and banquet SIZES 14 TO 50 ourselves with conversation. It is

a pleasant habit and would be $4.85 $8.85

it not $13.85 $23.85

misSalt Lake Citv I thoroughlyfor one correctingdelightfulanother'swere takes in English, and injured pride

I I declaring silent hatred for the 9 other. are all anxious to im0erttoOUTFITTING- We CO. <sJ 19 EAST BROADWAr prove, often declared have that and

we welcomed correction, yet it alSalt Lake City ways breaks the harmony of our Cash Money Saving Plan association like a flat note in a charming melody.

'T'HE climax came one evening when we were discussing a down town parade. "They had j a dandy steam calliope!"Philip Attention

SB""said enthusiastically, "You could Church and School hear it for blocks."

clear the calliope heard "Yes, we Officials street."to third Jean put Stop at this new and beautidown

fully furnished hotel. undue emphasis on calliopee. PhilHeadquarters for Seating, Churches,

Here you will find the gen- ) ip had pronounced it "calleope."Chapels, Amusement Halls, Class

uine comfort which comes \ All enthusiasm died, and an unRooms, Seminaries, Kindergarten from sincere, unobstrusive j comfortable silence shadowed the Rooms, and your Offices.

service. table.

Located in the quiet of the Philip didn't question Jean's auOldest and Largest School Furniture the Interin and Supply House thority, for she the recognized was district, residential within

Region. Carry a complete Mountain of the cargrammarian family, and distance the of easy walking

stock Service. Excellent and give ried her like a knowledge sword; j sectheatre and downtown

tion. jc but he resented it because it imPrice and Quality always the best

An ideal hotel home. plied his imperfection. obtainable.

"Everybody says 'calleope'he Make our place of business a place

! HOTEL argued. "It's the common proto meet your friends when in Salt No one says 'calliLake City. nunciation.*

. >> opee AMBASSADOR

145 South 5th East } "I say it! But of course the UtahIdaho School

is all pronunciation Rates common right Supply Company for anyone that wants to be comRooms: $1.50 to $ 5.00 mon.""Everything for Office and School"

Suites: $5.00 to $10.00

State Street South 155 Special Rates Weekly was to be j nothing more "PHERE

Salt Lake City, Utah j Service in Garage Connecsubject, the said on and while tion they sat glaring at each other like Established 1890 {Continued on page 438) The Improvement Era for April, 1930 429

THE BIBLE Since the Bible was first printed in 1456 there has been no appreciable improvement in its physical appearance, despite the remarkable advance made in the printer's art since then!

It has been the common practice to print the 66 books of the Bible, with over a thousand chapters and more than 30,000 verses, in one smalltyped, narrowcolumned volume, hampered with reference marks as well as illogical verse and chapter divisions.

THE BOOK OF LIFE In 1923 John Rudin & Company, Inc.,

published the Bible in the most attractive, interesting form that modern printing could produce. The genius of

the historian, the Bible student, the artist, the psychologist and educator,

A Wealth of SkyBlue Blossoms printer.was combinedThe mostwith beautifulthe skill literaryof the

inspired and passages have been long buried in obscure places of the Bible.

Now they are revealed—rich, beautiful,

inspire of Felicia glorious—tohumanity. enjoy—uplift—and My Border

By MARY C. SHAW

Wanted Attractive position open immediately reveal, sure to recognize is almost will not which who"XTANY befor cultured woman, preferably college flower, its trained, in field of and sides beauty form* * this plant newer name of religious by activity, may know the pretty little thing that Felicia is somewhat fickle and approvedleaders of byUtah.educational and religious

(Dignified employment, offering coelestis, characun- sport. toas inclined or even This Agathaea by usual income. Write fully, giving iits course, plant the phone. teristic, of makes blue name, mar more common

Rudin Inc. & Company,guerite If not or blue daisy. aleven more interesting than otherAddress1018JohnSouth Wabash Avenue it is quite well wise. Chicago, Illinoisready known,

worth an intimate acquaintance, Felicia's real home is in South L, MR A.PEX

SAYS appiness

the modern washer for modern women

pleasing lines TUT ERE is style—beauty—and * * well as fine performance and me-—as

chanical excellence. The Apex's two tones

of green lacquer are brightened just as they should be by shining, silvery surfaces. You

must see the Apex Wringerless now on display in our store, or phone for a home demonQnj&X stration.

WRINGER55 WASHER INTERMOUNTAIN ELECTRIC COMPANY

Phone Wasatch 354 Salt Lake City, Utah 4359 East 4th South 430 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

Africa, and like all the Cape sub- \ jects, is rather tender, requiring If you are a wise j Alta Heating and some protection through cold

J SCOUT j Plumbing Co. betterweather.still toBeingpot upperennial,the plantit foris Old or Young 501 North Redwood Road a house bloomer or for greenhouse

Salt Lake City Phone Was. 3195 material during winter, as it is ad-

H. O. FORD, Manager mirable for either purpose. After j"Be Prepared"!

growing Felicia for many seasons,

I find that it prefers light shade! Is The Slogan |I

through the hottest portion of the Unless you are saving some

All branches of plumbing, heating and day. It is not at all exacting of your funds for that FU-

L. References: ventilating. D. but, of soil or moisture, S. about you may find DAY, the TURE

I Stake Granite Hospital addition, New yourself latter, better to too too little than UNPREPARED Chapel, Monroe Tabernacle, Tremonton much. meet future problems.

This plant grows one or two feet Save the "Western Way"rather habit in high, is spreading That means SIX PERCENT it is a border than erect, and for safety. with

indeed difficult to find a blue flowWith er satisfactory. more

leaves are very dark green, THE WESTERN LOAN 8 The in shape roundish, rough to the BUILDING COMPANY Old touch and quite heavy in texture. 4547 East 1st South Street

lovely the blue stems long Salt Lake City, Utah disks, center American flowers,On golden having resources $28,- over Total

Roofing arefusebornebloomer,singly.the Feliciaflowers isfollow-a proWe000,000.00.are preparedAgeto 38helpYears.you

ing each other in rapid succession save.

over a long period of time. Send for our Free Booklet Materials

that tells you how to save or ( bit a of its cut with 7HEN borrow it is | most charmown foliage have stood for years as also I have combined, with TrTHE "WESTERN WAY"a leader in ing. J effect, marguerites jblue splendid

and tiny buds of the pink baby

Roof Protection rose, Cecile Brunner. Like all

other blue flowers, this one is much

In justice to your roof more beautiful in day than by artificial light. Dairy Barn demand This plant comes easily from

i Old American usingseeds andtendermaytipalsocuttingsbe growntaken,by preferably, in very early spring befloors Products are at all weakened fore the plants j and how to j blooming. through When having roof Felicia seeds itself quite readily,

I troubles call us and we and thereby hangs the tale of its I build them"will send an authorized sportiveness. When true to type,

Is the title of a useful book- \ roofer to give an honest across,the flowerswith a aresingleaboutrow ofan petalsinch j f and efficient estimate, in color a clear azure blue. From let which we will send you

free on request. seedlings, generation of next with no obligation to the

to there be variaare apt however, you. tions. Some of these will likely

produce semidouble blossoms alAmerican Asphalt ismostcalledtwice."varietythe usualmonstrosa"size. Thisand PORTLAND CEMENT

Roof Corporation when these appear, gardeners genASSOCIATION erally hasten to increase stock by McCornick Building 1674 Beck Street cuttings from this larger flowered

Phone Wasatch 2663 sort. I have had very fine giant Salt Lake City (I. M.)

Felicia in this way.

Salt Lake City, Utah I HTHEN, one time, among the -*- seedlings I discovered a plant i "What Utah Makes, CONCRETE deeper, shades several flowers Makes Utah 1 'with For Permanance blue. was This a cobalt in fact,

very richly colored and so was

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 431

straightway "fixed"by rooted Of<)-()l!BIIfl{ia(]

cuttings.

For a border, this blue marguerite is altogether adaptable, clean andattractive, blooming almost the Baby Chicks whole season through, while nearall is required toly that keep it Ducks and Turkeys is a frequentin condition good clipping of the faded flowers.

Poultry Supplies

Write for Price List California Poppies THE W. H. W. SMITH CO.

BOX 1037—SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH {Continued from page 393)!

are espe-P SCHSCHOLTZIAS < 1< >-4V ( 1 4 ( >< > daily charming when grown as a border with a low edging of either sweet alyssum or blue lo- 1 Utah's Summer Schoolbelia. This arrangement will produce a wealth of flowers all summer long continuing even until of Service

after rather heavy frosts. Prompt With the idea of offering courses desired by the people of the

removal of seed pods will make for State, in all grades of collegiate work, the better and larger blooms.

Then too, California poppies UNIVERSITY OF UTAH ifare splendid for cutting taken will again present an outstanding School Service. of Summer earlybright in the and morning

interest, Courses general of as well as courses special of many strikesbefore the sun and them the value to teachers State, the of will be offered. wellThe into water. cold immediatelyput

, will beTreated thus, the flowers will last trained University staff (mostly department heads) supplemented by the following carefully chosen distinguishedfor several days, partially closing specialists at L. night and opening again in the MISSeducational Visiting Teacher, BEBB, GRACE DR. A. MAY, Professor of EduMARKmorning. of Child Bureau Welfare, cational Board of EdPsychology, Yale University;

ucation, Lincoln, Nebraska. in Investigator the Character Educaare Eschscholtzias true perenInquiry, Teachers'College, ColumAs- tion RHEA CORNELIUS, WAHLE bia (firstnials, week.) treated but generally as anMRS.sistant Professor in Physical Education,

of formerly Iowa State Teachers ifnuals. well protected, However, ColDR. A. Assistant BORIS MORKOVIN, lege. of Professor Sociology, of Universitythey will again come up in spring DR. Associate BESS V. California. CUNNINGHAM, Southern

Professor of Education, Teachers'Colearlierand will often blossom even

University (three lege, Columbia DR. Assistant JULIAN H. STEWARD, before. also, Frequentlythan they weeks. Professor University Anthropology,reseed, so if once started are apt DR. HOWARD R. DRIGGS, Head of DeMichigan; University of Utah, 198031.of

to remain from season to season, partmentYork Universityof English(fifth Education,week.) New DR. JOHN SUNDWALL, Head of Deand for a brilliant display in house DR. SUNDER JOSHI, Lecturer and partment of Hygiene and Public Health,

and garden these poppies are most Teacherchusetts ofStateExtensionDepartmentCourses,of MassaEduca- andfare,DirectorUniversityof Students'of MichiganPhysical Wel-(two useful and dependable, with scarcetion, Division of University Extension. weeks.)

ly a rival. InstructorTo thisin listArt,of Branchoutof-stateUtah visitingAgriculturalfacultyCollegehas;beenJ. Spenceradded MaryCornwall,L. Bastow,Supervisor of Music, Salt Lake City; and Heber C. Kimball, Instructor in Stenography

and Typewriting, L. D. S. Business College.

Standard Quality Work If Winter Comes The usual high educational standards will be maintained (Continued from page 421) so that all credits will be accepted elsewhere at full value. The

broad curriculum will include courses to complete group reBut the lamps must be ready for quirements, teaching majors and minors, courses to meet rethe torchbearers of Spring. And quirements for teachers'certificates and diplomas. Courses of

now is the time to place them. special interest to people interested in youth and problems

Moles are creatures of darkness. concerning youth, will be offered in child development

They are most unfriendly to the and character education. Recreational leaders and community

wee lamps, and will go out of their workers will find ample work of high quality.

way to upset them, and toss them Exceptional Advantages for Study are Available in out of their safe niches. Eternal Salt Lake City

vigilance prescription is the only of Six 16 23 to July One Term Weeks—June after yearswe can offer in Issued Catalogue will be April of battling Complete Summerthese gruesome little beasts—sucheternal vigilance as that for which UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

the wise virgins were so highly SALT LAKE CITY commended. 432 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

Easter Symbols and Perfect For CATTLE, HOGS EAR Customs THE and SHEEP MADE IN 3 SIZESB kl (Continued from page 402) PURITY In our own country the lily is symbolic of Easter, and churches, at this period, are largely adorned BISCUIT with it. Many are sent as Easter

gifts to hospitals and homes and given to friends. COMPANY

peculiar MOST 39 West SaltCOMPANYF ALakeTAGS City, Utah A SALTBroadwayTHE QK1C.1NA.TURSLAKE STAMPOF SELFPIFRCINC been in has long Eastervogue—andcustom Ii

is still* Send for Free Sam pies continued—in

England, Hallaton, "BLOOMIN'i known as the "HarePie

Festival."An immense harepie is made for the occasion and taken GOOD"

to the church, to which a proces- | sion, led by a brass band, repairs, NEWEST after having marched through the i principal streets of the town. AsCookie-Cakes and I STYLES sisted by two or three other officials, rector pie cuts this the and Crackers for are the pieces scrambled down

——ji—-- Wedding aItsteepis consideredbank, knownluckyastoHareBank.secure the

largest piece. A banquet in the

village follows this ceremony.Announcements In Scotland, it was anciently beSUPREME BAKERS!

for all the West and lievedwhirlingthatmotionthe sunon Easterrose withmorn-a j ing, thus showing its exceeding

Invitations greatA greatjoy. deal of superstition was n-cu-()-ata(>-a

attached to the weather on this 1 day, an old folklore song runPrinted ning I It is not big adver- J

Easter day, deal rain of on good Process Embossed "A little tising that is mak-! grass, of crop a but Gives good

Or good hay."ing the If the sun shone on Easter morn- I Engraved

Jr ing it was claimed it would shine a little, at least, during every day

Mail Orders Given Special throughout the year.

the people do not know Many "Blue Bird"| of | the time determines Attention rule which

Easter celebration, which sometimes comes in March, and some- i i 1 in April, times always but with Mattress it this difference: occurs never two i

i years while in March, Ask for Samples and consecutive I So popular, but it is the re-!

several sucin April it may come

Prices cessive years. It always comes up- | markable value in the maton the first Sunday after the first tress that is putting it into

after the twentyfirst of full moon: many new homes every day. to its spirIn addition / / March.

itual significance, Easter is the time

Prompt Service when, by general consent, Mistress

Fashion makes her bow to the world. generally not Although known, its received The DESERET Florida the Pioneer Mattress name from fact that de Leon, Ponce searching Factory the fountain of perpetual NEWS PRESS for

Salt Lake City, Utah 29 Richards Street day—theyouth, landedSpanishtherenameon Easterfor whichSunSalt Lake City is Pascua Florida—in 15 12.

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 433

rOut of n<t!*<>'<) H)-IHK1*KIllnilHi'llll'l<l"* st. The UNION DENTAL CO. 212 main

OfficeLAKE CITY the Burning, WELCOMESUtah'sCONFERENCEOldest and VISITORSLargest DentalTO SALT

And Bids You to Make Their Office Your Meeting Place While Attending (Continued from page 399) Conference

FREE not EXAMINATION that Portiachagrined was Equipment Complete X-Ray Service—Modern Sterilizing Still valedictorian. he knewchosenthe principal had stretched a point Painless Extraction of Teeth—50c

in permitting her to graduate. PorExtraction Under to $4 and 50c per Tooth Gas—$2tia was a sad scholastic failure. If Extracted

she had only enjoyed school as she Vulcanite Plate, With Trubytedid a golf course! All this was Teeth—$10 Per Toothburied deeply beneath the dress 22-K Gold Crown and Bridge Work—$5

digunruffledsuit. a calm, Only ST. 212 CO., MAIN UNION DENTAL the to proud, presented 28nity was Years CITY Location for Over Same Management SALT LAKE:>-U4IB(}4H(t-C>-Hft<>i0.lB-(>a0<)(]4H<>4HM4)f)'(l<flHf>'l>4E4>SMI(l'(>(>-lf}-a(>4H114MXand

pit. in the audience uwhispering

The principal had addressed the graduates on the solemnity of this occasion; had told them that SUMMER SESSION ANNOUNCEMENT

diplomas must be engraved with of the proper christian names. Thus

hero, football Reeves,Spike to theto confess Harold name of had Utah State Agricultural

Benjamin; other queer names furnished much mirth, while the titles College

Pamela Harrison and Portia Harrison followed each other in alpha- A distinguished group of visiting faculty members betical order. The Governor will combine with practically all members of the regbestowed the diplomas with a ular faculty in an offering of courses that is broad

flowery speech, while the audience tired itself with plaudits. Portia and complete.

was beautiful in nile green crepe, Among the visiting faculty are:

slippers, profuse flowers.gold Her Frank W. Hart—Education—curls arranged, were immaculately

her poise perfect. But her pleasure University of Californiawas shortlived. Pamela Harrison E. B. Branson—Geology—

looked like her shadow, walking University of Missouri across the stage. Golden curls, gold slippers, pale green gown. The BlRGER SANDZEN Painting—Bethany College audience howled its appreciation Osbourne McConathy—Music—

evident the resemblance was too to New York City ignored. be longer from A voice the balcony called out "The Har- F. B. MORRISON Animal Husbandry—

rison twins! Speech!"Cornell University

Clara Brown—Home Economics

JUDGE James FlemUniversity of Minnesota ming Harrison was so perturbed he nearly lost his dignity. He even A. F. Blanks—English—

failed to notice Echo smiling and University of California gesticulating to Eunice, down in Marian Lee Kurtz—Dancing—Chicago the Later, orchestra row. at home,he turned a deaf ear to Portia's proHoward Jones—Football—

tests and tears. University of Southern California "She's ruining my youth!"H. C. Carlson—Basketball—

wailed Portia, tossing the offendPittsburgh University ing dress to a chair. "I can't have

a pair of shoes without that girl There will also be a group of special lecturers.

getting a duplicate of them. It's

I just Eunice. too mean of Aunt June 9 to July 18 feel like there over going and telling her so, too!"

his the judge Again walked Utah State Agricultural College floor half the night. study The result was that early the next LOGAN, UTAH

morning Pamela Harrison received I

434 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

the following message by special messenger: 1

Your resemblance to my daughter Portia Harrison was so prorvounq'ed last Vacation claims I will investigate that your office at parentage. Come to my We Have a night,to my eleven. Days Service Which Judge James Fleming Harrison.

Will Soon Be Here and KOWill Exactly "What shall you do, my dear?"DAK PICTURES are the

smiled Miss Eunice. "Poor James! Permanent Memories of your

trip. Fit Your pride."Surrender is so hard for his stern

! Needs and

IlLVEN as she spoke Kodaks in called to a tall, New walk. up* the Pocket Book herlankattentionman comingwas Colors $5.00 "What now?"she muttered, but

Pamela cried out "Oh, Aunt Euand up. WRITE for a

nice, it's Mr. Turner! The man CATALOG.

I thought was my father!"

"Granny's got a tumble misery,"after Pamela and Miss Eunice ease, Steve at put him had Turner EASTMAN KODAK i his message. deliver to hastened

"She's afeared her time air come. STORES, Inc.

She aims ter see Curly agin 'fore she passes on. So, I aims ter tote 315 Main Street

I | youall back."Salt Lake City, Utah

Distinctive Work Everything Photographic i PAMELA'S decision ||..ini||.—.||——M- was swift. An appointment with

Judge Harrison was not nearly as l-(>-HM>B0 O-0*H-MisJ--t>-C!

important as the chance to be kind to the old soul who had stood beHyland 190 tween her and many a severe punishment. While Miss Eunice sum319 South Main St. moned Dr. Locke and his dependable car, Pamela answered the

judge's note and packed a bag.

While Dr. Locke hurried four

anxious people back to Crow's Nest, Judge Harrison read the folIf you live outside of Salt Lake, lowing answer: You Cannot Afford

send us your work by Parcel Post.

An urgent call from a sick friend makes to be Without a it to call impossible for you upon me in- "Caterpillar"Trac- I offer to claims today. for you no

vestigate. Pamela Harrison. tor During 1930!

BE INDEPENDENT profit by lowering Make your Vocation No Other procosts and increasing ENROLL NOW So Profitable A:JSf hour later unoperatingduction.

For a Complete Course at the mindful he was eating an excellent lunch, James Harrison addressed The "Caterpillar"Tractor is the

Quish School of Beauty Culture his wife accusingly. only sure way of doing this.

The Best in the West "Echo,"he began in the admoni- i We have a size for you at a 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. tory tones she knew so well, "I j price you can pay.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH feel you are guilty of maternal i For Further Information neglect. You have wilfully and Landes & Company

and Catalog Call knowingly ignored this Pamela Dealers 7560 Wasatch 01 Harrison. I feel she is my lost SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Fill in This

Coupoa daughter."Branches Logan, Tremonton, Nephi,

"Why, James!"gasped Echo, Utah—Malad and Preston, Idaho

nearly choking over a mouthful of salad. "You told us she was

dead!"a

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 435

James raised his hand, commanding silence.

"That was camouflage; to discourage pretenders. I had had no A LITTLE LIGHT

less than seventeen different claim- A little light on your insurance will undoubtants. Orphans, poor white trash, edly reveal the fact that you are greatly undereven foreigners, had offered to be

my lost child. Portia's future was insured. Think what it would mean if fire

being menaced, so I elected that destroyed your property.

method of elimination. It was effective, too. No claim has evercome up since. But I had a suspiUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

cion of this young lady when I interviewed her, that night in the See our agent in your town.

library; occasion she on that disHEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City intelligence.played Harrison Last

night she revealed Harrison beauty.

The women of my family were always beautiful. Now I know

she is my daughter. This morning she refused to call upon me.Invented an excuse. Declined to This Spring—come at my bidding! That is Harrison pride. Intelligence, beauty,

pride. she daughOf course is my 'Redecorate your home with

ter. I regret, that have Echo, you

neglected her so!"the newest\ finest finish for

Jr ORTIA, so interested all interior surfaces--- that she forgot to sulk as she had planned, cried excitedly.

"Are you so dense, Father, that you think the identity of our graduation gowns was accidental—

mere coincidence? This girl hasbeen dressed exactly like me for Bennett's

years. Mother has been at the bottom of it all. She has planned this

method of making you see. I

wondered why she no longer gave me money from grandmother's Property estate. She spends it on Pamela.

Suppose she is my sister? I don't

know what a sister could mean.

It's too late now to bring her into Insurance, my life! She's been a thorn in my

side ever since that horrid mountain woman tried to kiss me.

You'll take her in, and kill the fatted calf and fuss over her. She

is bright. She likes books andcalculus and astronomy. She can GLOSS INTERIOR

go to your old law college. I'm

only a fickle shallow thing, and it's FINISHno use trying to make me study law. to going I'm marry Spike 8 BEAUTIFUL NEW COLORSReeves day, so there!"some Quivering with emotion, she fled from Ask for Color Cardthe room.

Harrison JUDGE Echo.turned toward "I fear,"he Bennett Glass & Paint Co.

began and stopped short. Once 65 West First South

again Echo had fainted. He had

no audience, but solemnly comSalt Lake City mented to the deserted table. i

436 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

1 "If women ever become jurors, I shall retire!"He felt aggrieved

and injured. This weaker sex was

incomprehensible. Portia was an

intellectual failure; or, if not a failWhen You ure, a disappointment; but selfwilled. Echo was subtly clever,

when he had thought her shallow.

Eunice was grimly determined.

And lastly, Pamela, just when he Come became convinced of her identity declined to acknowledge him!

independence and indifferSuch ence Tlie \oquehr the He began to feel old. "I have DownTown freed Silas Hoggan,"he mused, Outdoorliving

Drop in at one of the anxious to reestablish a full measure of self esteem. "Next, I will Room Keeleys stores for a redevelop my coal prospects in sweeps the nation

beauties a bite the and freshing too, enjoy can You, drink, and I will Nest. make Crow's Then

of LIVING an OUTDOOR this independent if young will this plan woman summer, you eat. pleasuresROOM to Everything from

spring. this plant now father."her recognize me as need LIVING An ROOM andOUTDOOR simplest the salad to to expensive charming. not be be Our

complete dinners are experienceto plan andenableswhat tousplantto adviseto secureyou howthe effect. us for advice and suggestions served swiftly in pleas- A;.S rapidly as he dared modernCome to

drive, Dr. Locke whisked Pamela—no obligation whatsoever.

or Phone ant surroundings. With over the road to Crow's Nest, back WriteFree Book "Howforto

Make:o settings of her childthe familiar an Outdoor Liv- i skillfully prepared food ing Room."the as though It seemed hood.

I experienced by cooks but trek been lonely and long, had i Portersmoothly served by yesterday. "Remember where I

j the doctor you, Pamela?"found Co. Walton waitresses, trained you'll

UtahUtah SaltSalt.LakeLake Uity,City, affectionately, called "Right on the ")—420'U't)gKH)ft()Mt-l>-WI)<WK)->0'BH)-WHI>lH*W. 1st So. find that any Keeleys I that bush? road Wonder by

store makes an ideal rendidn't run over you!"0-O'

dezvous. The rainsoaked, weatherbeaten

house looked exactly as it had four years before, when Granny pushed Come in today and try the frightened child down the path Land one of the following toward the town road. The same

old hounds came barking from dishes. their holes under the house. Pigs Cycles

still enjoyed the freedom of the

CHILI yard. Millie was washing, her in Historycycles; tellsa periodus thatof highland landvaluesvaluesrun

SALADS figure heavy and prematurely old. is followed by an era of low values.

RAVIOLI She stepped wearily from the barWe are just emerging from a period

WAFFLES rel tubs to the "bilin'"pot, ofreachedlow landthe bottom.values. TheThe upwardpendulumswinghas

has begun. TAMALES swinging over a coal fire. A small

in the Intermountain Empire some farm HOT OVALTINE beggingboy, clungto tobe herheld.skirts,On whining,a bench In our 40 years of loaning on farms lands have been acquired. These

the amortization unplan sold on for crops the HOT CHOCOLATE in the shade of the cellar house Abe beingder which are may pay FANCY SUNDAES Walters lounged, whittled and farm. the

HOT MALTED MILK sang sonorously And we believe that these lands will in value. steadily increase

FRESH OYSTER STEW constantly We are "I sold my cow and bought me a calf in Idaho, Utah, farms Western SANDWICHES I TOASTED loaning money on half. good lost the bargain by knowed And

EastColorado, Western and Wyoming a calf mole bought sold and me my are of these loans ern Oregon. SPECIAL ICE Many CREAMS I

its hole."in run old thing the durned plan. the written amortization And on

We are Financial Correspondents for

Life Central Insurance Company with $308,631,232.93. assets of over O:N seeing the visitthe mountain region for The Union

familiarly, he grinned "Curly,"! Miller & Viele to Millie. KEELEYS butors, Abe jumped up with alacrity. i Pamela ran

! Farm Mortgages

cried, Incorporated | "you"Youshouldn'tpoor dear,"wash. sheIt's too SuiteSalt412 LakeMcCornickCity, UtahBuilding

\ Salt Lake City Ogden Provo \ hard. Abe, you should help her;

-.- did you tote the water?"

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 437

Abe looked sullen and muttered "Washin's is fur women."Dr.

Locke swore softly under his breath, and the little party filed into the house. Here Cassie cried

over her least one, and rejoiced that her affection was not repulsed, then cried again, as she related Granny's "miseries."Bud did not appear.

In the semi dark, windowless sleeping room beyond lay Granny Turner. The gaunt old hands were

even thinner; the nose more prominent, the lips drawn with pain.

The mark of death was upon her;

Dr. Locke could do nothing save

give temporary relief to the aged sufferer. "I bin apinin'ter see youall,

Curly,"the old voice quivered. "I

aims ter live till I seed ef youns hair war gold agin. Mebbe it war

wicked ter dip et, but ets purty now."The crooked old hands

stroked the golden mass, as if loath n to loosen their hold, "Granny, dear old granny,"Isobbed Pamela, yielding to a rush touched a button "I don't memories, oldof mind it was the happiest moment of my life // bit. it aabout now. Not You.. and

See, rest well. we and getmust

yield of DelcoLight milk cheerare bright and EVENINGS real a doctor; a youbrought

all will it on hundone so taken do Electricity has ful now. that—hasyour cows. cure doctor.medicine He will farms. of dreds thousands and of out our work the drudgery of much

you."that we're not dead tired when even-

"My time air come."The voice ing comes... And yet we figure Mail the Coupon Today

with predestined and markedwas cost us for free a cent!"hasn't to ask our send you book DelcoLight We

et's fitfinality. hard, "I've but to Profits."Farm Way—"The New in lights electric of comfort The ter I a use. hankerin'beennary also We'll send you Demon- a Home is time the for with paid house your story o'thet rest thar thehear entitles Certificate that stration you in barn. the lights save electric you last night readin', the a waryouns real a a of free to demonstration

is in kitchen the water Running Cassie Curly. hyar,youns war in Plant your home own

the against protection the for by paid in bed."the hyargev book me whatever. obligation cost or—noDelcoLight fire the time of and menace deadly covthe old, beneath wornFrom off this longer. any put Have Don't water. in saved pumping forth pulleders Turner Granny the DelcoLight, electricity with now

the copy of "The Prince and the And even this doesn't take into easy, practical and inexpensive way.

Pauper"which Miss Eunice had account the doubling of next winter's sent them long ago. egg production of your hens, the The DelcoLight Company also sells and guaransaving of those pigs you lose at fartees ft Electric Water Systems and Delcogasfor

rowing time, the increasing of the household and commercial use.

r AMELA sat on theside of the bed. Aided by Dr. NOW 350,000 SATISFIED USERS

Locke's flashlight she picked up the story where she had ceased. Steve

and Cassie came in to listen. Dr.Locke and Miss Eunice stole softly DELCOLIGHTout. Pamela read on and on, paus-. DEPENDABLE ELECTRIC POWER AND LIGHT

ing only to listen to the labored PRODUCTS OF GENERAL MOTORS patient. thebreathing from

little The nearest distributor is listed below. In addition, there's a DelcoLight Dealer in every community. fortunes of theThrough the

prince, on to his coronation and ELECTRIC LIGHT & REFRIGERATION COMPANY death, the story progressed, end15 East First South Street.... Salt Lake City, Utah

ing happily for Tom Canty.

"Youns sure has got larnin'. I'm DELCOLIGHT COMPANY, Subsidiary General Motors Corporation, Dept. F-3 1, Dayton, Ohio.

thet proud thet thar little prince You may send me the free book, "The New Way to Farm Profits."

got his crown 'fore he died,"Name

Granny whispered happily. "Bud

he tried ter read et ter me, but he Tl, r. D Town 0-4 5

can't do et like youns can. Don't County State

438 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

old is dead, agin, hair of thar old yourn dog an'my Curly."My

i et betshe a deep, into says stuporous kin make She sank womanrKl-!?arVM [>—;.- t-oosii'SU'Ofnt'i)-* youns ever let nobody ever dip thet stay. I don't want no pardon.I Favored by j sleep, from which she never roused. ter'when I ain't thar. I got some

After a few days the harassed soul purty roses down thar, an'a good i j passed on to a well earned rest, bed, an'no worry 'bout vittels."Nature—where ignorance and poverty Doctor Locke laughed until the

i played no part, where pride and car swerved. He felt this was the

revenge were never known. one bright spot in a day marred

8 The visitors returned home, but by the evidence of human ignornot until Dr. Locke had expressed ance, indolence and poverty. KNIGHT his indignation. He ordered Abe "Please stop, just one moment,"

Walters to do the heavy work for called Pamela. "I want to free this

Millie; to bring her down to the poor bird. Beautiful thing, go

hospital for her approaching illhome. I was once a captive, too!"Spring ness. He ordered Steve to cut a

she Eunice,"AUNT Cassie to a dentist. take docThe

their as they resumed whispered relief physical in verbal tor found Canyon window in the bedroom, and to expression, but he knew full well journey "just think, for over that his orders would never be twelve years I slept in that winDbeyed. Although they stayed undowless room! Poor old Granny

til nearly dark, there was no sign has slept there all her life. You

excouldn't be don't know, you got Bud. But Pamela whenCOAL of pected poverty to understand, the

car, a large into the bunch of May lives. their that binds poor The decorated apple rear the blossoms

seat and a caged cardinal, fluttering food that stunts their minds and and nervous, was marked "Curly bodies. Seems like I can smell sour

I shall from Bud."dough and hominy now.

be a nurse,"she continued after a

H1ALF way home the moment'slearn properquietwaysthought.of living"I willand

headlights fell on the figure of an come back to Crow's Nest to teach old man, tramping along at a these poor, ignorant people how to

Make Your Next rapid gait. live!"

Coal Order for "Want a lift?"called Dr. Locke, "That's the stuff!"cried Dr. life—that Knight Spring slowinglooked nervous.down, while"ClimbMissin!EuniceWho Locke.of a nurse."A Comemarvelousto my

Canyon are you and where are you going any time you please Pamela,hospitaland this time of night?"demanded the we'll start you out right. My boy

Favored by Nature in the doctor. "Somebody sick?"Dick will be home from medical

making, it is hard, hot, "I'm Silas Hoggan,"came the college next year. I want him to

and unusually clean. It's drawling reply. "I'm agoin'back meet a real girl like you!"

an ideal allpurpose coal, ter thet thar penitoochinary ter (To be Continued) and will roar with steady heat, or idle gently on a spring day. Order Knight The "Good English"Teapot

repeat.—you're sure to

"UTAH'S CLEANstrange tomcats, Coral got(Continuedthe old from"Andpagescolding428) and nagging!"

EST, HARDEST, English teapot, that leaks around "—Or any other form of vulthe garity."quite spout. It heavy, for was HOTTEST COAL/'it fines for contained the imposed The new system was accepted

being late, leaving the door open, enthusiastically, and it is surprising and forgetting; but these frailties how the fund in the "Good Enghad diminished to such an extent lish"teapot has grown. Many KNIGHT that the "donations"had almost mistakes that went unnoticed beceased. fore were shown up and obliterif ated without any hard feelings. FUEL "We'll never get anywhere

we act like this!"she said. "We The teapot has been emptied for

all want to speak good English, yet the first time, and the contents used CO. we don't want to be told about it in subscribing for several mag818 Newhouse Building any more than any other mistake. azines that we have never been able

Salt Lake City, Utah Now I suggest that we be fined the to afford before. It is indeed a

L. E. Adams, General Sales Mgr. usual five cents for our mistakes in "Good English"teapot, for it

English.""—-And slang!"broughtment and uspleasure.harmony, improveThe Improvement Era for April, 1930 439

<Jmovmcmq %H EPOCHAL HISTORY CHURCH In 6 beautiful jtrtCraft Volumes

COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY

OF THE CHURCH CENTURY ONE BY B. H. ROBERTS

in narrative, authentic in fact, copious Rich new monuin detail—this

is sure mental to be -universally welcomed work as a fitting commemoration of the first century of Church history. From the pen of the veteran

historian, B. H. Roberts, it fulfills all expectations as to fulness of statement and frankness of commentary..It stands unique in its presentation

and use of original materials.

Complete to April 6, 1930

Five volumes will be of f the press by the April, 1930, semiannual conference and the sixth volume:—-to be completed -a few days later—will chronicle the proceedings of

that memorable centennial gathering.

The volumes will be bound in superfinished Fabrikoid. with a beautifully embossed cover design. Each is to be profusely illustrated with maps and historic

persons and places. The type is large and readable and the paper of a. high quality

antique texture.

for complete information write to—

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

-!sc-, Z\?\

440 The improvement Era for April, 1930

Her Day of Glory MtiT (Continued from page 409)

words again. Necessity for speech suchlike heathenish places. "No,

often drove her to talking aloud to Mitzi, I can't abide travel."She

at the porcelain clock above the cat. "We—we're rich, Mitzi! looked

gas stove, the pot of geraniums TromboneEW Oldleft usUncleone thousandHezekiah dollars!up in Ioway'sI—a blue enameled table, the white

got to see this lawyer man 'bout it splashing a brilliant red between

Beginners and Professional today."two parted white scrim curtains.

all seemed inexpressibly prePlayers find that KING They instruments meet the reMiECHANICALLY cious.thought "I'dFemie,die aawaybit wildly.from here!"

quirements of all occasions she picked up puss, brought her Pouring the steaming hot wain a very superior manner. into the kitchen, then took the ter for dishes into a pan, her third

nightcover from Cheery's cage, idea exploded with a force that

Easy Terms. Free Trial. and poured out an extra cup of made her spill the scalding drops

her Although wondrous off, her took hand. She them on Ask About the New KING cocoa.

fairly publicity, for shrieked news the unfelt, stood, poised above and SILVER CLARINET to not going Femie was tell much like kettle in a figure fountain. a

about it to her friends; they'd feel "A airplane ride! Wilkin's ofit her bounden duty to help them. fer! Not one of my friends has

Neither did she want to place it in ever been up in a plane, not even the bank where it could furnish friends of my friends. Alma, Alice no thrills—she wanted to to—to do "somethin'great."celebrate, andwouldn'tthe restdarecan'tif theyaffordcould!"it, and

Femie put down her cup unsteadily. Her pale blue eyes gazed reverently up into the cloudflecked I-T cost five dollars for

sky just outside the window. "I five minutes out in the single plane

thank heaven fer answerin'my on Pleasant Field. Only society

prayer so fast! The others'll die folks could spend so much money,

o'envy."and they generally went to

That last part of her grateful Staunch Field much farther away.

prayer seemed wrong somehow. "But I'm scared!"wailed

Femie creased her bony forehead Femie, quite as though some monthis,. ster into her forcing were jealousy's "Fosterin'Your painfully. the in they stay kin "How I wicked, especially with money. Sousaphone air gotta do somethin'else but just tell 'thout anythin'underneath? Every

offers King one of 'em 'bout it."She sprang up, urged time I see one I think it's comin'the finest and most

complete lines of by a sudden thought, and ran into down on me."Commonsense

basses in the world her bedroom. Ah, here it was. whispered, "You needn't go,"but

today. desire for recognithe deeprooted rustled grayish the newspaper One for She every player tion She'd be the gave battle. dresser extracted the bottom from every and

need. drawer to a certain page. "Wantqueen of them all. How she could

Let us point out ed,"she read, "to correspond with lord it over the Y. P. S. C, they to you, the merits just to children with and husbands possessing $1000, gentlewoman placed that Kinhave glorious about, she her brag with Sousaphones in a fiftyyear-old gentleman own- g by

the lead. ride! a for reputation What Object: amount. ing the same

TfflS acquire,MAIL "somethin'she'd bravery COUPON acFemie's bank TODAY Matrimony."Just use pencil if more convenient

MkAAAAAAMAAAAMAnMMn/W\A/WWWW\AM/rfWVWArwv>wVWWwv\M/w\rv or Earling, like that Earwig, Alma aceven from count was sacred

Co., Consolidated Music (IE) or her whatever name was, who but this unexquiring a husband,

Salt 121 So. Lake, Main, Utah class flew across the ocean."In a pected She fortune was different. postpaid catalogs, prices, Send me KING

easy terms and hundred Lindy, with kneeling deeply, long and perhaps—a Nodetailsobligationof yourto me.FREE pondered PLAN. TRIAL dismiles turrible long was "a in paper drawer, before the open

Name. hand, but at last the gray top knot tance!"

Address shook negatively. "What good are The occasion of speaking to a

professionally live lawyer 'specially mailreal husbands anyhow,

Visit Us When in Salt Lake called best black silk for Femie's plan won't order ones! No, that

FIRST OF ALL RELIABILITY do."She put the paper slowly dress and straw hat with its dethe across of rosebuds mure bank CONSOLIDATED away. rim. her feet turnedup At last, MUSIC COMPANY laboriously laced in those high

Oi'H, lots of people "Sensible Woman"shoes, her121 So. Main, Salt Lake went to France, Italy, Turkey and hands clutching the satin handbag

The Improvement Era for April, 1930 441 2,000 Chickens Will Buy You a Home*** AND SET YOU UP IN A BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN

Here Is An Unusual Opportunity—Based on a Proved Plan—to Acquire a Modern Home and a Paying Business

in America's Best Poultry Producing District, 30 Minutes from Salt Lake City.

the elements for happy home life and a successResulting in your acquiring more value for your moneyALLful business of your own, leading to financial indethan you could hope to get in any other way.

pendence, are embodied in this tried and proved plan. If you have ever desired to start a chicken 2000 Chickens Furnished

ranch, and reap profits from this wellpaying Utah enterprise, here is the opportunity you should investigate! The coops will each house 2000 laying hens. And a

The Midvale Home Finance Corporation, with offices in flock of this size—all young stock—will be furnished each

the Midvale State Bank Building, has acquired a sixteenunit purchaser, setting him up in business right at the start.

acre tract in one of the most attractive suburban districts This means you are positively assured of 2000 chickens. These

in the whole valley... situated features are part of this plan, which

one block north of the Midvale has already been tried in Southern

Junior High School and two blocks California with wonderful success.

east of the business center of Midvale. Midvale has the lowest taxes HIGHLIGHTS Supervision by Experts

in Salt Lake County. Besides its

many advantages as a place to live, of this The plan also gives you the benenear excellent schools and in a fit of help and supervision in poultry healthful social environment, this raising by George M. Turpin, onedistrict is said to be the finest in the REMARKABLE of Utah's best poultry authorities.

United States for poultry. Climate Classes will be held twice a week

most instruct purchasers on theis ideal. eggs, produced Utah

for the in OPPORTUNITY toeffective of caring methods pricesthis valley, premium command on the largest markets in the coun- A modern brick home of individual hens. This service, given purtry. design. chasers, will continue indefinitely.

This tract is divided into 40 units, Natural gas heating.

giving each unit nearly half an acre Nearly onehalf acre of ground. Price and Prospects

... ample room for an attractive Latest type coops, with insulated

home, coops for 2000 chickens, walls. Each unit will be sold for $9000

lawns and gardens. 2000 pullets furnished.—a remarkably reasonable price

Supervision of poultry expert. when you consider that you get a

Modern Homes at An ideal place to live. modern brick home, coops of the

Lowest Cost Lowest taxes in Salt Lake County. latest modern type with insulated

Moderate down payment. walls, plus 2000 chickens. And

On each unit will be built a strictIncome from hens should enable you you need pay only $1000 down.

ly modern brick house, equipped for to finish payments within five years. Balance on convenient monthly

natural gas heat. These houses will A home—a wellpaying business terms. But here's the outstanding

each be of distinctive, individual based on a successful plan. feature of this opportunity:

design. Due to economies resulting It is conservatively estimated by

laying that the hens authorities 2000 thefrom building of number of "* will will have, only not which you athouses the same atime—though

off will to enable but also differ will you pay itseach in architectural design yield you a good living from neighbors materials and equipment can be purchased at the most the entire balance of the purchase price in five years. This

advantageous costs. These savings are passed on to you. is based on an expected income of $1.50 per hen per year

The same thing is true of the chicken coops which will years,a commonwhenyieldyouinhavethe Utahcompletedpoultrytheindustry.payments,Afteryourthehensfive

be put up on each unit. Economies all along the line. should net you a minimum of $3000 per year.

Let's talk it over. See the place. See the plans for houses and coops. These places are going fast. There

are only forty units in all. ACT NOW! Come in or phone. Write for Booklet.

MIDVALE HOME FINANCE CORPORATION Midvale State Bank Building Consult Midvale Home Finance Corporation, Phone Midvale No. 104

442 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

time, to her at Christmas given THI outside. she stepped you O;'N the instant an- "Where

flashed other plan into Femie's had astonished shouted goin'?"an flUCti PRESERVER! fertile brain. give a She'd now voice porch. the next feminine from

"It's too early fer your shoppin'."party with the groceries, and divide

what was left between her friends; SHOES she'd hire a hall, have games, prizes

For Men and Women even a band! grandand Not the dignity had A NEW ever est wedding Middleton had a "I'm Mail bound on Mail come to Femie. gfifl

should surpass this stupenOrders Orders most important mission, Miz known

Filled SHSE dous celebration of Femie's. "I'd Filled Struthers, most important."

The shoe that relieves that tired With that she swept regally like to go up next Tuesday, Mr.

Wilkins,, braces her feeling, and up. haughty you street the vanished and down and"—here

in Exclusively Salt Lake at! tone fled, crept a frightened note corner, the leaving around Miz HUNTERTHOMPSON I Struthers torn between unbelief in—"do you think it's safe?"

LLV)220 iviamMain I| and indignation. "High and "Oh, certainly!"reassured Mr.

mighty tone she used,"sniffed Miz Wilkins, "Nice big monoplane;

Struthers, banging her way inside. licensed pilot with twenty years'

a made."Femie understood not the door, lawyer's howbetter heat outsideFemie's lofty spirit forsook her experience, and the dandiest engine

all this, but word of it sounded later half she ever; but an hour

forlessMoney cameso badout asradiant.going Ittowasn'ta dentist!nearly right."What time does he sail—oh, From there she went to Wilkins's it's fly—and where?"she queried.

Field; at eleven "From Pleasant store; she'd get the thouin a week with an Iron Fireman then, next Tuesday. dollars. she o'clock, sand Whatever money

needed until then she was going to You'll be back by twelve."

take from the bank. "Sakes alive, one hours ride ain't

much to git fer a hundred dollars,

Mr. Wilkins!"

R. Wilkins, a port- "You're gittin'the groceries, ly, ruddycheekedM grocer with an too, Miss Gray,"reminded Wilkeye for advertising novelties, reins gently. "Now le's see what

ceived her ungraciously. In the you want."

first place she didn't patronize him much; in the next, she bought such

measly amounts—a pound of I-.T took a long time

sugar, two eggs, two frankfurters. for Femie's mind, accustomed to

For Wilkins kept a meat market small amounts, to give that order.

also. "Thank heaven, it's done!"she

"I understand you're givin'a sighed, wiping her brow. "Now

free airplane trip with a hundred for spreading the news,"she added dollars wuth o'goods; want to to herself. "Goo'-day, Mr. Wilkmake arrangements,"stated Femie, ins.

calmly and proudly. Like a snowball gathering moLogan Temple one of Thou-, mentum Femie's original plan exsands of Satisfied Users panded tremendously. She'd arWilkins clutched range for five taxis to convey the

Regarding their Iron Fireman, Joseph "R. Shepat the edge of the counter, his most favored guests, free of charge,

herd, president of Logan Temple, Logan, Utah, cheeks drained of their glow, eyes to the field. She'd decorate her says

house, as the Ladies'have and Aid, "Didi-did wayuh indications present cut the cost protruding. "From we will well as her Bible Class of own o'dollars want a-a hundred wuth of coal bill Iron in half with Fireman. our

This saving will nearly pay the cost of installagroceries?"he gasped. girls, invited.

tion in one year."

Iron Fireman feeds coal to the fire auto- "*S what I said,"snapped bit a Femie, that peeved should he to matically, eliminates cuts fuel 15% 50%, three the next FOR it maintains temperature steady room and smoke her to for unusual think lived she give days deof in an Elysium boiler pressure. or order. such an light. in, Gifts kept "for pouring local Iron see your further information For

Fireman agent, or write Iron Fireman Mfg "A-all right,"managed Wilall the world like a real weddin',

Co., Portland, Oregon. kins, "I'll take the order. But I only better,"thought Femie,

tissuepaper wholesale."P. packages. from He rummaged The Y. IRON may hev to git some o'the things gloatingly unwrapping dainty FIREMAN

the desk bringing out a below a hasty meeting S. C. had called on AUTOMATIC COAL BURNER

yardlong sheet of paper. ComSaturday afternoon to discuss this

the machine posure had returned. He spoke latest venture and good fortune of

that made coal respectfully, admiringly, the way Femie's. In the excitement of the

an automatic fuel he should have done at first. moment, the occasion began to parThe Improvement Era for April, 1930 443

IMPROVEMENT—

OUR GOAL and YOURS

HE electrical industry's mission in life was begun little over fifty years ago. Its anniversary was celebrated elaborately only a few months since.

The anniversary the readers of this magazine are celebrating goes back twice as far on the calendar.

Improvement has been the aim of this industry and of the organizations sponsoring this magazine during these many years.

In the brief history of the electrical industry, all stand amazed at its accomplishments.

It has filled homes with comforts, conveniences and necessities which were undreamed of half a century ago.

Edison, upon the fiftieth anniversary of his electric lamp a few months ago, said, 'This is only the beginning.

Much greater things are to come."

It is difficult to dream of what is to come. Of those

home appliances, large and small, those know best who use them. They take away irksome cares and duties for

the housewife and give her hours of leisure for selfim- provement, recreation and the rearing of her children.

Mothers of fifty years even of twentyfive ago—yes, economical scale upon which years—knew nothing of the

the helpful service of electrical servants might be enjoyed in their homes as it might be in the home of only the very rich.

Now there are many more such appliances and they are all sold on terms that, make them available to all. Call

in our nearest store and see them, or, better, telephone for one of our representatives to call and explain electric home service in all its detail.

Utah Power Light Co* & Efficient Public Service

444 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

take of the nature of a wedding,

Scanson, a ILLIS K. P. Co. ladies"or somethin'by unanimouslike that,"voteand hadthe sturdy, genialW chap, shook her

agreed to send gifts. "Besides,"Ketterer vigorously. "I in hand was born & Peras practically stated, "Femie's Alma a plane, say, Miss. might you Been schon Company alius showers remembered us on it at years."Fortunately,, many

65 7 Washington Street fer brides, babies and sech."he didn't mention the exact numSalt Lake City, Utah Tuesday dawned bright, clear ber.

Interior Decorating, Painting, and sunny. Femie, anxiously get- 'The airship looks awful

in Paperhanging Private ting up at five o'clock, peered at small,"complained Femie, deterHomes, Churches, Amusement

Halls the sky with all the solicitude of mined to find fault. She was so

a prospective bride. The day promscared! Right Prices—High Quality

Satisfaction Assured ised to be perfect. Everything was "Git in back there,"commandSKETCHES ON REQUEST - finished. The "girls"were to give ed Scanson briskly. "It's perfectly

Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 375 6 a luncheon (Femie's groceries, of safe, ma'am. I got a wife and two

course) at the hall upon her return kids at home; bet yer life I don't

this take no chances. baby,"from the And band—violin,

side leaned against to he the lovingly fr()1)4)4 frOfKO-MKOnB-O-MK* piano and ride.saxophone—wereThe

play "Hail, the Conquering Hero of the plane, "is A No. 1!"

Comes,"as she slowly ascended "My, but the walls are high; I

the stairs. Femie's breast swelled in can't see much of yuh in front,"

anticipation. continued Femie, watching ScanONLY strap son her in securely. "HowT 'il through the best of value

I tell I need somethin'?"yuh when

giving could the Western "You won't want anythin',

Furniture Co. have progressed A.JBOUT nine o'clock ma'am. Leave it to me."

of guests coming, stream began to the point where it is the the five taxis o'clock, and, at tenthirty dominant furniture store, not drew up in a majestic line in front Ai.ROUND the planeonly in Salt Lake, but in the of the house. Femie, giving Mitzi stood Grace, Alma and Alice, gazit feel, they Femie?"farewell to gazed "How's Cheery, endearing every homemakers—compareintermountain region. Smart a violent hug and murmuring an ing with absorbed wonder. acchorused, envy, but more some her a sudden about home with

then element in value and eyes. visible their in cess safe "Ain't alarm longing. of and How

buy at The Western. peaceful it was! yuh scared?"

As she stepped out on the porch "Nono,"lied Femie bravely.

a gasp arose from the crowd on the Beyond the crowd she could see herfaces, admiringly upturned stairs to girls'top for, from and walk, i

It fastened upon her. toe, out in Femie was decked what

filled The Western she fondly believed an aviatrix though the whole world wereseemed as.

if daring, at her but wonder cap to wear. with with ought A brown the heard have poor Femie could silverperched atop the wide peak Furniture Co. gray hair; goggles hid the beaming remarks of bystanders she might

blue eyes; a leather jacket concealed not have been so elated. Some were

Own Their Own Home the lanky waist; and yes, a short unquestionably sarcastic slurs at

The Western can give you khaki skirt revealed a full three the "silly old maid,"others, conof waste disapproval the demning hose! inches woolen of brown furniture per dollar! MORE that guessed one money. No all, of oxof marvelous bronze before Most Be sure to look here this vicarious wedding, was Femie's feet that large encased the fords

you decide Easy Terms. had for years been seen only in day.

high footwear. * A few illbred

snickers sounded from the fringe WHAT if the plane

Western Furniture lyof drownedthe crowd,bybuthertheySundaywere Schoolquickwouldto pieces?"fall andWho'dshe'dgitbeher"squashedmoney,

girls all right yelling, "Who's tears trickled Company house, her—two all they right!"while Gray's Miss Mitzi? Cheery and herdown—her asters, liliesof-thevalley flung and cryin'!"State Street accused "You're 135 South Alma

SALT LAKE CITY Chinese pinks at their teacher. suddenly. In a trice the cavalcade had "I—it's 'cause I'm so happy,"

reached the field, private cars trailstammered Femie. Second lie she'd,

ing the taxis. Femie pushed up told in one day!

front in the appeared back A felt, inthe dimly throbbingI Our location is your greatest herupongogglesMr. Wilkins'sto peer atintroduction.the pilot, seat;

Money Saver. "Humph! 'Pears to me he looks creased. There were a great many

We Pay no Rent. planingmighty twentyyoung toyears,"have shebeensniffedairshouts,forward a motion.scamperingFemieof people,leaneda

incredulously. out. The wheels were still on

..!

To the man

my ship comes in,"you say Clason had left school at 14, and at 19 WHEN—but your smile cannot hide the his job was to take care of the horses in

at worry laundry. the heart of barn a gnawing your ence. Office Then he became Manager and

fine seagoing vessel that thought you A Acting mind,"saidG. "Never Clason, "I'll foundry of Southern a W.

it yours ofship the launched you on when io. opportunity right 'where ly make Oh fotcr my in inyears—his on I am!"SecretaryA Iready—

business ocean- - salary increased had learned the laundry So he business 500J from slip the days years Yet months and and office, at is to barn his 28 and Today operating he was of comptroller the Buckeye their ride others ships see thoughby—and fire plant. his Union Casualty business own wiped Jackson, Ohio, Company, When still harbor, totriumphantly the scan you in rebuilt out, again. and started addition he and private a Unable conducts accounthorizon for anxiously ship quite that a never ing practice finance to properly lack business brings which back of the him port.makes entire understanding, as cost sold of he his training out every month. thrutestifies—he one's faulty miswhat a No perhaps—but superintendent and of the became Ideal the "At of years,"writes end seven thatfortune business so ships should many Laundry Spokane, Company, Washington. ''I Mr. Mertz, find training that your has reef hidden orfounder treacherous a a on in-'

his Right then he to made than up cent. 700 remmind per more creasedmyincomeshoal, to the channels are Success when

enrolled plainly his lack—and chanedy every charted and a chartfor with LaSalle No More Drifting for training in Business Management. is available to everynel thinking man! Send Free Books at Today, he is vicepresident 48, a and the Increased Right "Chart"How this of successful company, and for These—Today T. Orcutt's E. Income several income an 500% commandsdirector times as Are you letting fortune drift your shipof-

large as started six he LaSalle when with shipof- it Certainly fortune far off my where its seems are charting you course will—or years ago.its said course, Orcutt, in effect, to E.T. the of Harbor when Success?

'railroad a clerkas at all enrolled $20 give credit he week to "I training, LaSalle my There'it a route s will that straight take to forwith LaSalle training homestudy in writes "It Mr. Clason. far has proved the by its destination. it. LaSalle find can help you 'Traffic I profitable Management. most investment ever made. book "The sent you Years'me—'Ten Before he training, completed had the

in Promotion inspiragave the One'—me a Years In Seven Totalhowever, opportunity with an Hitchcame

tion that future decided career,"writes myings Co., Elizabeth, Increase of N. of one the & 700% J., Mertz. will this bring B.J. coupon The booklargest of manufacturers in greenhouses trying to tired of bring I'm to ship to you without my or cost with obligation—andthe world. port chart it or without said compass, B. free your of fully copy a 64page booklet J. Training set his "ship"right had the on effect, in Mertz, principal of as rural a when describing in opportunities the the businesscourse.

in high at school a Texas field $80 month he that to appeal you, most and showing sales Later, as of Hitchings manager & for enrolled with in LaSalle training Higher you turn how you those can opportunitiesCo., training continued with he LaSalle—in * Accountancy. into cash.Business Management.

training, first completing the Upon he Are you going to waiting keep on the on of twelve Orcutt one Mr. was members Assistant place of took as a Bookkeeper, life in shore of others have long when since furthering their organizationthe Hitchings

joined of Certified Chicago—then a firm brought their ships in, Fill to harbor? clip LaSalle;progress since his thru taking and Public chiefly to Accountants, get experimail and the coupon NOW! his course, increased hasfirst income than more

500 per cent and he is now head of his ownfirm

How G. "W. Clason Placed His

"Ship"the Right on Course LaSalleExtension playing THE WORLD'S LARGEST BUSINESS TRAININGUniversityINSTITUTION J bands were whenG. No W. Clason

launched his ''ship''upon the business ocean.

Tell us which the following courses of of - Find Yourself LaSalle! Through—training home'Study interests most. you LA SALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

Dept. >"-"Managerial, 4352RBusiness Sales Management: Chicago Telegraphy—Railway and Commercial. /A"5evand Departmental positions. Executive I would full welcome particulars Foremanship. Modern regard- / Accountancy:Higher Auditor.Comptroller, ing / opportunities in,/ fo/aLf) Banking Finance. and Certified Public Accountant, Cost Accountant, etc. Expert Bookkeeping.

P. A. Coaching Salesmanship:Modern Training for Advanced C "positions retaii, in (State wholesale, for all Accountants. or subject in specialty which are interested) you

selling. Business Modern Correspondence. Please send bool: your me on the Degree.Law—IX.B. Credit Collection and Correspondence. training indicated, outline of LaSalle

Business English.Commercial Law. plan, a of copy Years'"Ten Promo- /

tionIndustrial in all Management. entirely free. andOne"—Stenography—/, selected business collegesStenotypy; in the Trainingnew mainPersonnel Management. chine shorthand. iiTraffic Training Management: position I Spanish. Commercial Name.. as Railroad Industrial Traffic or forManager,

Effective Speaking. Expert,Rate Solicitor, Freight etc. 1

Hallway Station Management. Railway Accounting.

Present Position.

NOTE: If you are undecided as to the field which offers you the largest

opportunity,We will gladlywriteadviseus youa briefwithoutoutlineobligatingof your businessyou. history and education, and Address

Salt Lake Office: JOHN J. BODINE 409 Mclntyre Building Wasatch 1201

446 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

earth, and oh how she hoped they'd stay there! Those terrible OHE felt herself gently

straps held her in physically, pride pushed back; a few minutes later,

held her mentally, or she would pale and sobbing, she found herself certainly have fought her way out on dear old Mother Earth.

to good solid land. "Gosh!"breathed Scanson, mopping his clammy brow. "That 50 East Broadway was a narrow escape! We're lucky

Salt Lake City Abruptly the to be alive, ma'am, ain't we?"

Let us help you to be wheels left the sod. "We're up,""Lucky?"upbraided Femie, in

gasped Femie weakly, as though a very indeed. weak voice "I'm Thrifty shocked. Oblivious to the report tricks to shouts, gonna your Mr.

floating to handwaving, handWilkins and your you wife. Much

herself into she huddled NEW SPRING thekerchiefs, fer cared life!"my seat, closed silently the eyes her and "Tricks?"gasped Scanson.

prayed. Served her right, flyin'in "The motor balked, ma'am. I DRESSES the face o'Providence this way couldn't help it."

50 herwithprideher highand andsinfulmightyvanity.notions,She "You could so!"retorted Femie,

never saw the lovely toy farmglad to vent her anger on some- $16 houses, the checkered fields, the one. "Anyhow, don't stand yapFashions that read narrow ribboned rivers, the wee, ping at me! I wanna git home."

like a page from wee animals. She never even felt "There's a road to the left; folVogue... Skirts, the cool bracing winds of heaven low that and mebbe you'll get to

flared, ruffled or inrushing over her. She never no- a town. And when you come

tricately seamed. ticed the fleecy white clouds and the there, send a couple o'men back

Wear them and know glorious blue of the sky that they here to get this plane out."That

they're smart to the were nearing. was the worst of takin'scared old

last detail. Nevertheless, consciousness was ladies up, the pilot complained to

not altogether gone. Femie felt the himself, they were so plain dumb!

"Where Values are Greatsickening lurch of the plane and est and Styles are Latest"her previous terror increased to unreasoning hysterics. "Hey, you,"PEMIE started unshe shouted furiously, "stop doin'steadily for the road. Her day of

tricks!"glory was utterly ruined. On and

on she trudged, fields of corn to the

OCANSON caught the leftrightofofher,her,fieldswithofneverwheata tofarmthe last word. "Tricks? Wish they house or human being in sight.

was. What the Sam Hill ails this "How these oxfords hurt!"she

engine, anyway?"He jabbed away moaned at last. "I'm gonna take

at throttle and instruments, but the 'em off."And she did, stuffing the

imperfect rhythm continued. stockings into their toes. Poor

"We're gonna make a forced landFemie! What a contrast to the

ing,"he shouted above the din of glorious creature of just two hours the now dying engine. previous! Pitching her goggles off,

Femie, aware that judgment had she stood revealed in all the pathos come, refrained from more anger. of badly swollen eyes, vividly

Oh, if she'd ever get back to earth shining nose, and lips without any

I she'd stay with Mitzi and Cheery color at all. Her cap was still NATIONAL

Prices $60.00 and Up to the end o'time! Another perched at a saucy little angle on

New and SecondHand thought began to harass her. Here her flying hair, but Femie didn't

Cash Registers she was, an unmarried girl, all care much for personal appearance

Accounting Machines alone up in the air with a married just then. One thing she knew:

man. Wouldn't there be talk? Earth was beneath her wriggling

Bookkeeping Machines Then every sensation was oblitertoes, solid dirt and sand and mud,

Guaranteed Repairs—Supplies ated in the stark belief that the end not just empty air.

LOW MONTHLY TERMS of the world had come. Up went The mud gave way suddenly

NO INTEREST the tail of the plane in the air, and inexplicably to a creamcolored nose, Femie, the and Liberal Allowances went for Old down fluid, splashing bare legs up on her

Registers pilot, the the flung across of back therein, as she stepped heavily felt her head almost jerked from most knocking over the little fiveThe National Cash alRegister Co. her neck. yearold maid weeping silently

H. V. KUHN, Sales Agent "Stay there a minute,"said a nearby. "What's the matter?"

Corner 2nd South and State Streets shaken voice in front. "We landed asked Femie, startled at the unexSalt Lake City, Utah Was. 1144 in a ditch, but no one's hurt, I pected appearance of a human

guess. I'll get yuh out."being.

LAW TRA1NING=SUCCE

This complete 25volume standard size law library is provided to all students at the time of enrollment.

The Aristocrat of Training Programs is directed to the man who moneymaking possibilities of using the THIS message is contemplating the study of law—principles of law in daily business affairs.

And where is the man who has not at Graduates of the Course are awarded the some time yearned for law training and the LL. B. degree.

certainty of success it brings? The authors of the Course are outstanding authorities in the field of law. Included

The Aristocrat of Studies in the group are two Justices of the United

Law is the aristocrat among training States Supreme Court, the deans of eight courses. Law students are stamped as men university law schools, and sixty university

of discernment and dignity. They are law professors and attorneys. These men

it should be taught. looked upon with respect. know law and how

GUIDES LESSON Guides are mailed atregular A knowledge Lesson of law enhances earning No Exaggerated Claims intervals to direct and outline the power and helps to win advancement. The

study of the Course. demand for men trained in the law is grow The Institute makes no claim that the

ing constantly. study of its Course will bring a startling

For years the Blackstone Institute, increase in income to every student. Yet

through its professional homestudy law many students have reported increases, course, has been meeting and satisfying some as high as 200% before completing this demand. Today the Institute can point the Course.

to more than 50,000 substantial men and Neither does the Institute claim that a women who have received financial, perlaw training will enable you to earn from sonal or business benefits from this training. $10,000.00 to $35,000.00 a year, yet a great

Hundreds of successful attorneys are many lawtrained men earn in excess of that.

among our graduates. The Institute does claim that a law training is the best foundation for a successful

The Outstanding Course business or professional career, and that

The Institute delivers prepaid to every its Course is without a peer in the field of

LECTURES student immediately upon enrollment the nonresident law instruction today.

series contains a Course The of nationally 25volume Modern known lectures outstandprinted written by library, American A. L."Get the Facts Today cited as "M. Law subjects authorities ing national on

and the merits moneymak- evidence of Complete not ordinarily found in law text books. of last resort. (See illustration the courts by

is possibilities training contained in ing of Blackstone above.) miniature in booklet, attractive Law- "The an

This set of text and case books forms the Trained Man,"which will be sent basis of the Course and in addition serves free upon request. Ask for your copy

as a valuable reference work upon the entire todaystill availablewhile theforpresentfree distribution.edition is

field of modern day law. Many students Use the convenient coupon below or

have said that this library alone is worth stoneaddressInstitute,a letter Departmentor pest card904,to 307the NorthBlackthe modest tuition fee asked for the entire Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois.

Course.

Elaborate INSTITUTE Lesson BLACKSTOME

III. 3i07 Ave., Chicago, 904, Dept. Michigan N. Material

obligation, Please mail, without send and me by Elaborate lesson material is book, "The LawTrained Man,"and details of youra lawcopycourseof yourand 128pageservice.

mailed at regular intervals to the

Name progresses through student as he BULLETINS LAW units lesson Course. These is distributed Bulletin each the Law A Business Position

containing the month latest Supreme at (illustrated the in miniature

Court business cial decisionsinterest—anon matters exclusiveof espeleft) direct the study efforts careBusiness AddreS

Blackstone feature. fully and call attention to the

City State

n*9 a

448 The Improvement Era for April, 1930

little girl. need—a

even, no husband 1 HE girl raised large creature.the shelter of this queerlooking Noyou'reairplanewhat ride,I

eyes. tearstrained "Idarkbrown a no money, no honors, the achtiny form filled an How just—justspilled the milk and Pa'll lick me!"child!"heart! ing in Femie's void Aboveshe stated in a hopelessly aged and

helpless voice. the two thin shoestring-tied

braids, to Femie croon began combreathed poor mite!""Yuh duly placated Jl A being forting sentences of hope. "Kiss pityingly,Femie, forgetting her with greenbacks, received Femie

tilting she begged humbly, me!"in a greater sorrow. woes directionsown to get to town. on how the face blissfully so her buried on"Never your pa I'll pay yuh mind, the Unhappily, train wouldn't

shoulder. leave until threethirty. At five-—if you tell me how to git home."

With a quick starved gesture she The warm red lips upon her thirty, disheveled, dirty, wornopened her arms, and so unseeing own narrow ones released the full out, but triumphant, Femie arrived was the child that she crept into tide of Femie's emotion. "Why, at the hall. "Mercy sakes,"reproved Alice, "we et all the lunch,

the band went home, and Wilkins

Index to Advertisers scaredgot searchersstiff fer fearout yuh'refer yuh.dead, He'sand

he'll be arrested. Mrs. Scanson reCompany Page Company Page ported her husband wasn't back

Alta Heating & Plumbing Co 430 MerrillKeyscr Company 423 yet, either, and the evening papers'

Ambassador Hotel 4 2 8 Miller Viele 436 got a full page account o'the trip,

American Asphalt Roof Corp 430 Midvale Home Finance Co 441 and its disaster's endin'."

AshtonJenkins Co 3 1 Miskin Scraper Works 421 "My name in print?"cried

Axelrad Furniture Co 426 Modern Electric Co 416 Femie, joyfully. "Le's see."And

Bamberger Coal Co 425 Mutual Creamery Co 427 if anything was needed to put the

National Cash Register Co Beneficial Life Insurance Co 446 finishing touch to this perfect day &> Dyers National Cleaners 422 Back Cover it was this.

Bennett Glass & Paint Co 435 Nature Way Health Cafe 413

Blackstone Institute 447 Ogden State Bank 4 1

Boyd Park, Jewelers 424 Orpheum Theatre.'. 4 1

Brigham Young University 420 Pembroke Company 420

Bureau of Information 419 PorterWalton Company 43 6 CallawayHoock & Francis 418 Pioneer Mattress Company 432 Spring'sComing

Capitol Gas 8$ Oil Co 428 Portland Cement Association 430

Collins Clothing Co 412 Purity Biscuit Company 43 2 By L. D, STEARNS

Consolidated Music Co 440 Quish School of Beauty Culture. 434

Continental Baking Co 423 Regal Cleaning & Dyeing ComCPRING'S here, no matter what

Curtis Zarr Roofing Co 412 pany 422 your barometer may say. BeDaynes-Beebe Music Co 370 Royal Baking Company 422 fore you know it birds will sing,

Daynes Jewelry Co 317 Rudin, John 8 Co., Inc 429 and fragile wayside blooms will

Deseret Book Company 43 9 Salt Lake Costume Company 411 burst along the way, while in your

Deseret Foods Corp 424 Salt Lake Glass Paint Co 426 garden bed the old sweet loveliness

Deseret News Press 432 Salt Lake Hardware Co 421 will lift its head. Cheer up! Gruff

Eastman Kodak Stores, Inc 434 Salt Lake Knitting Store 423 winter's gone after making surly

Elder Bros. Electric Co 4 1 6 Salt Lake Pressed Brick Co. 372 plans for leaving. Remember

Electric Light & Refrigeration 437 Salt Lake Stamp Co. 432 when you used to hoard each penif one was Elias Morris & Sons Co 421 Sego Milk Co. 420 ny—sorely grieving Eureka Vacuum Cleaner 415 Shell Oil Company Inside Front Cover lost!—to buy your love a valenFleischmann Yeast Co. 427 Southern Pacific Lines 425 tine? And Valentine has come and

Glen. Bros. Music Co -424 W. H. W. Smith Co 431 gone again, with all his merry

Halloran Judge 8 Trust Co 418 Taylor &> Company 411 quips and rhymes. Push on! Henager's Business College 425 Troy Laundry 4 3 Renewing life is in the air—'twill

Hudson Bay Company 413 Union Dental Company 433 soon be pulsing everywhere! And

Hughes Shop 446 University of Utah 431 life is good, and work is sweet,

HunterThompson Co., Inc 442 Utah Agricultural College 433 and each new problem one may

Intermountain Electric Co 429 Utah Gas & Coke Company 3 69 meet and solve—but draws one

Independent Coal & Coke Co... 426 Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 435 up a little higher, paving a path to

Iron Fireman Mfg. Co 442 UtahIdaho School Supply Co 428 heart's desire. There's no such

Jeremy Fuel & Grain Co 410 Utah Power &> Light Company 44'3 word as fail. No effort, ever yet,

Keeley's, Inc. 43 6 Utah Beet Sugar 419 has been in vain. Though spring

Kelly Company 414 Utah Nursery Co. 424 may pass, spring always comes

Ketterer & Perschon 444 Walker, J. B. & R. E., Contractors again! She's on her way, e'en

Kewanee Boiler Corp 422 4 1 5 now. Her steps are swift. She's

Knight Fuel Company 43 8 Wellington Auto Top Company -426 singing. If you but listen, you

Landes & Company 434 Western Furniture Company 444 will hear, perhaps, a pussywillow

LaSalle Extension University 445 Western Loan 8 Building Co.... 430 burst its silvery sheath, or catch

Liberty Outfitting Co 428 Z. C. M. I. Inside Back Cover the liquid notes of joybells ringing.

The Broadening Scope All progress is marked by change * * * and the measure of success of any institution is in direct ratio to its adaptability to this inevitable change. The founders

of Z. C. M. I. were wise in their generation * * * they knew that steady growth must

be built upon constant endeavor towards greater things * * * and this heritage has come to us today. That our opportunities for serving you may be better tomorrow

than they are today is the end and aim of our daily plans.

Z. C. M. I. Organized 1868 WM. L. WALKER, General Manager

Still! A Famous Overall Made Better

—Now That Mountaineer Overalls

Are Equipped

With fo&> POCKETS

The new, exclusive, patented feature that has roused the enthusiasm of workmen everywhere. They save

your time, your tools, your valuables and your temper!

They Cost No More!

Our large scale production and enormous buying power enable us to give you this superior

Overall at a low price. /

Ask your dealer to show you the new Mountaineer Overalls with Stoploss Pockets. Note the quality of material,

the workmanship, and the many details of cut and construction that mean more wear, more comfort and more satisfaction to every user.

MADE BY L Clothing Factory Z + C M Jp A- 4 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH kP /4?

w"*P—r ONE HUSBAND HAD LIFE INSURANCE—THE OTHER DIDN'T

A Policy With 9/ie BIG HOME COMPANY

Will place your loved ones on the safe side

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr. *ouo;

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THF BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY