Aaronic Priesthood Memorial Monument

AUGUST 1957

***'flL4 *

AN ORIGINAL PAINTING FOR FRISKIES BY DOUGLASS CROCKWELL

A little man's best friend deserves Friskies!

Meatloving dogs love Friskies Meal!

REAL MEAT NOURISHMENT well balanced diet. He gets

in economical meal form! the "meaty"taste and smell,

Friskies Meal satisfies your the hamburgerlike texture, dog's need for meat... and is that all dogs crave.

even more nourishing than saves you money and you meat alone. have the satisfaction of

ESSENTIAL VITAMINS. Your knowing your dog is being

dog gets the vitamins, minfed right. Start feeding

erals and other known necFriskies Meal... made to the essary food elements he high quality standards of flUAkfc

must have for a complete the Carnation Company. MEAL

A Complete Dog Food FOR VARIETY-G\ve your dog nourishing canned Friskies.

Friskies or mix with alone, Feed treat (arnation taste A special Meal.

your dog will love. quality products Easy, instant mixingJust add water.

Ready at once. Won't mush. Feeding

bowl rinses clean. Complete nutriALBERS MILLING CO., DIV. OF CARNATION COMPANY, LOS ANGELES 36, CALIFORNIA OOPR. 1956, ALBERS milling CO. tion at its best.

It's Exploring New the Dnivers Vt It's HeavenJy qq Otf/ Nearly onehalf of the entire sandwich is creme. Two golden vanilla wafers

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

and one great big thick layer of

real coconut creme!

Serve these new CocoCreme Sandwiches by Purity at your next party. There

won't be any leftovers.

Better get an extra bag

for your family.

The highest recorded temperatures on the earth are 136.4 F., on September 13, 1922, at El Azizia, Libya, and

in the United States, 134 F. on July

10, 1913, at Death Valley, California.

The coldest recorded temperatures are—90 F. on February 5 and 7, 1892, at

Verkhoyansk, Siberia, and in the United

States,—69.7 F. on January 20, 1954,

at Roger Pass, Montana. The unofficial

lowest temperature observed is—108 F.

at Oimekon, Siberia.

Apparently the first official reference EXTR* TVUC\0|i|I to golf was in March 1457, when COCQHV1X CRSMt!

the Scottish Parliament enacted a law making it unlawful to play golf. The At your favorite grocer's one full pound only 49<f

reason for the outlawing was that archery was being neglected, and with it a loss of skill in the key military weapon of the time. In the United States there

are about 3,600,000 men, women, and children who play 10 rounds or moreannually. There are 5,358 golf courses Coco -Creme

with an investment of a billion dollars,supported by 200 million dollars anSANDWICH nually in balls, bags, and accessories,with an additional 105 million dollars PURITY going for course and grounds maintePURITY BISCUIT COMPANY -Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatelfonance.

AUGUST 1957 545 Vl/orskipful Doone THESE TIMES

Disarmament by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

in point for of the year atomic us today is that the twelfth 1930, a time IN to corresponding the distance age that period the world aware was (1957) at from 1957 stands the prospects 1945, three tested developed nations had andthat adds to world at the for disarmament of Geneva the States United the H-homb:

America, the Union of Socialist Soviet sessions that year seemed imminent.the Z7l0Vf00M0ea Republics,Kingdom. and, in 1957, the United Yet,Ethiopia;withinwithinfour fiveyears,yearsItalyGermanyattackedreof your hadBy explodedJune 1957at leastthe Unitedthree suchKingdomweapoccupiedWorld Warthe Rhine;II was thebeingmacrocosmfought inof

religious service ons.been inA processdisarmamentin Londonconferencesince hadthe wasSpain;aboutandto thebeginholocaustin earnest.of airpowerIs pubpreceding March. The principal particilic opinion and hope to be dashed

pants in the conference were the three again?

H-bomb powers, plus Canada and 2. The signs in 1957 are that the

France. With "ultimate weapons"in western allies are not going to be foolthe hands of two great Englishspeaking ish; to invite attack or trouble by sweeppowers, the USA and the UK, a rather ing disarmament.

different complexion was evident in 3. As the talks got under way in

affairs. situaare the world new What they March 1957 (i.e. "resumed"—for

tions? has been Disarmament much the British went in "began"in 1946),

the news. The pressure of military ahead with their H-bomb tests. It is

policy upon taxes has been a factor. apparent from these tests that the British

But for the US, for example, to disarm are a power to be reckoned with, despite merely for reasons of reducing taxes the loss in population of hundreds of console arrangedimensionsPlaying and fatuous. could prove to be An imgranted to millions they have whom specifications to rigidly the conformments crossroads in policy is before the portant resince 1945, and with independence of Organists. Guildof the American world. control. territorial of sultant loss

previous 1. The record on disarmaoffers Wurlitzer Organ 4. A General Norstad, commander US

is not promising. ment In 19211922 rich, reverent worshipful and of ef- a statement to the made NATO, Churchtone—a following the Washington naval concontribution the to Churchmoving fect that there in existence were apferences treaties, and subsequent Service. the proximately bases 250 the throughout sank major portions of USA its then

It world from of places at Soviets the the could which any command fleet strategic in effort the to reaccom- if suffer infinite tradithey a of threatened damageorganist range an the to modate world after the situation of breach peace. the voices.tional the organ understand Transmitted To

the by World I. As France, US, War UK,

of set this facts, import of FidelityWurlitzer's SysAmericans Sound High Italy fleets, and their reduced the Japais in of themselves result put the musttem, the position glorious organ nese were permitted (under the Wash-. that imagining are.. truly in there Music's bases Richest 250music Voice.

treaties) ington to of gain control operation there are not) (which from

ChinesePacific waters, ultimately which its allies Soviet the which and Union

II to Pearl World and War States. could attack the United WurliIzer Organs Harbor.contributed of League Nations, The meanFREE while,Discussionsbusiedwereitselfintensewith disarmament.in the early South5. OneKorea,of containsthe USbasedseveral suchterritories,bases

Church Organ twenties. At Locarno in 1926, the virtually adjacent to Russian territory.

(despite announced June 1957 it was to In and the door French opened Fund Raising Kit British talks the that disarmament in London) rearmament. DisGerman The League

The Wurlitzer Company armament Conference, which had conthe "UN Forces"in South Korea

Dept. IE857, DeKalb, 111. tinued since the League's beginning, be- (700,000 ROK troops, some 100,000 US

Please send me information about the came quiescent in 1931—thirteen years troops, and some others) were being

Fund Raising Kit and Wurlitzer Organs. after the 1918 armistice. In 1936, a rereinforced and rebuilt to offset armistice

by the North Reds and Hitler violations under Adolf armed Germany NAME to the Koreans. This demonstrated reoccupied demilitarized the Rhineland,

ADDRESS by the peace treaties of 1919, and world that the United States was not

L CITY....ZONE... STATE. Worldinto dressWarrehearsal.IPs EuropeanThe warningtheater wentand slumbering while(ConcludedMr. Stassenon talkedpage 607)in

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3 ftooks every Catterday Saintshouldown!

TAKEN FROM THE BACK COVER OF "THE INSTRUCTOR"

Its Your Life to Enjoy By Wendell J. Ashton

are 52 of Here the popular articles and fascinating from the.... "cover Instructor."back of "The timely articles These cover a wide

range of interesting people, places, plants and animals... and

from each the author draws a pointed, and ofttimes humorous, lesson for more abundant living. It's your life to enjoy... and

, this bestselling volume will help you enjoy it to the fullest. #2.50

THE CHOICE TEACHINGS

OF THE FIRST 8 PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH!

Latterday Prophets Speak

Compiled by Daniel H. Ludlow

Continuous revelation is a basic belief of the Church, In this compilation, there are several thousand choice statements of the first 8 presidents which most clearly portray their beliefs on vital gospel questions. This

volume is entirely devoted to the important and vital religious teachings of God's mouthpieces on earth in the last dispensation. #4.00

TO COMPARE IS TO KNOW- i BI8MMY

HERE IN ONE VOLUME ARE THE BELIEFS OF LEADING DENOMINATIONS

His Many Mansions By Rulon S. Howells

With convenient charts and tables, the author plainly reveals the structure and beliefs of thirteen leading Christian denominations.

Authentic and accurate, this mighty work presents beliefs side by side, point by point so that accepted doctrines of each church can be quickly compared. A "must"for missionaries. #2.25

<<?- AVAILABLE FROM BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE BOOKCRAFT DEALERS

EVERYWHERE 1 1 86 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-791

SERI SUN These three motor hotels LDS owned and operated. Make them your headquarters

when in Phoenix, Arizona.

AUGUST 1957 547 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS, MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60—NUMBER 8

OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints AUGUST 1957

THE COVER

A fullcolor Flexichrome reproduction by

Hal Rumel Studios of the Aaronic Priesthood Restoration monument to be placed on Temple Square is our cover subject.

(See also pages 560 and 562.)

The Voice the Church

DAVID O. McKAY

RICHARD L. EVANS

Editors Doyle L. Green

The Editor's Page Managing Editor

Marba C. Josephson

The Sabbath.President David O. McKay 557 Associa te Managing Editor

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Church Features Production Editor

Your Question: The Kingdom of God and the Kingdom of Heaven Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

- - - Joseph Fielding Smith 558 Research Editor

Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Memorialized.....President David O. McKay 560 Eileen Gibbons

Aaronic Priesthood Memorial to Be Completed Presiding Bishopric 562 Manuscript Editor Jesus Feeds the Multitude, MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XIV

Doyle L. Green 564

Ward Teaching: Thrift Harold B. Lee 566 Archibald P. Bennett

The Church Moves On 552 Missionary Approach 592 G. Homer Durham

Mclchizedek Priesthood, The Personal The Presiding Bishopric's Page 594 Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Milton R. Hunter

Special Features Hugh Nibley Claude B, Petersen On Doing the Impossible. Fenton L. Williams 554 Sidney B. Sperry

Deserve Noble Leaders C. Youth 568 Josephson Marba

to Parents: K. 572 Contributing Editors Antone Romney A Challenge Help Them Understand

Leadership Development Sterling W. Sill 576

Los Angeles'Newest Monument...Ethel E. Bangert 578 ELBERT R. CURTIS

Appreciations from California on Monument to Mormon Battalion 579 General Manager

Memories.. Ben Brown 582

Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talks: Man 583 BERTHA S. REEDER

The Spoken Word from Temple Square.....Richard L. Evans 586, 602, 605 Associate Manager

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Durham 546 Verl F. Scott

Harris, Jr. 545 Be Honest with Yourself 550 Business Manager

These Times, Disarmament, G. Homer The Last Word 608

A. Glen Snarr

Today's Family Subscription Director

Nutrition and Our Senior Citizens, Handy Hints 603 Thayer Evans

Hazel Stevens 596 A Letter of Thanks, Arlene Teeples.... Regional Advertising

Better Than We-. Think, Christie Lund...601 Inside back cover Representative Coles

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

ies, Poetry 50 North Main Street

YMMIA Offices, 50 North Main St.

To Be a King—V Hugh J. Cannon 574 YWMIA Offices, 40 North Main St.

The Gown in the Attic Harold Heifer 580 Salt Lake City 16, Utah

National Advertisiyig Representatives

Frontispiece, Birch Music, Jean Mergard..555 Walked with Him, Mabel Law Who

Poetry Page Atkinson 556 Inside back cover TOWNSEND,110 SutterMILLSAPSt. & CO.

Flaming Horizons, Donovan Marshall....585 San Francisco, California

& CO. MILLSAP

Inc.,Copyright 1957 published Mutual Funds, by and by the Mutual Improvement the TOWNSEND, Associations of 672 Lafayette Place Park

Christ Jesus of Saints. of rights reserved. LatterdayChurch All price, Subscription $2.50 a year, 57, California Los Angeles

;in foreign subscriptions, advance $3.00 a year, single in advance; 25c copy.

SANGSTGN ASSOCIATES Office, at the SaltEntered City, Post as secondclass matter. for Lake Utah mailing Acceptance at SADLER AND Ave. Madisonspecial rate for provided 1103. of postage in section of October authorized Act 1918. 1917, 2, July 17, Y. N. York New342

responsible is not for unsolicited EraThe Improvement manuscripts, but contributions. welcomes

paidManuscripts are DAVIS acceptance for on & SONS at the rate of lc a word and must be accompanied by suffiSt. 30 N. LaSalle for deliverycient postage return. and

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address Chicago, Illinois

slip recent issue a from of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as Member, Audit Bureau of Circulationswell as the is included. one new

Artist Coach Engineer Executive

Musician Nurse Scientist Teacher

Graduates of Brigham All of the big school advantages at the largest intermountain uniWhat is your goal? Young University are in versity.

demand over the nation because of their superior training All of the attention of the small not only in their academic fields but also in preparation for college at "the friendly school."

Relatively small classes with adelife. An outstanding faculty and finest college equipment in quate highlytrained faculty.

more than 60 departments prepare students for tomorrow's A complete stake of the LDS Church, leadership in hundreds of important vocations and profesentirely with student membership.

Efficient counseling, health, placesions. Get your education the Y's way. Attend the CHURCH ment, food, and housing services.

university. Scores of cultural, geographical,

social groups open to everyone.

CLIP AND MAIL Plan NOW to Attend TO: Public Relations Department

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Autumn Quarter

Please send me free of charge additional information about

Freshman Orientation....Sept. 26, 27, 28 Brigham Young University.

Registration Sept. 30, Oct. 1 I am especially interested in Brigham Young NAME

ADDRESS UNIVERSITY CITY STATE.

AUGUST 1957 549 Nothing worth havin

WATER

HEATER

LIVE BETTER

ELECTRICALLY with FULL HOUSEPOWER UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Be Honest with Yourself

,-* ATerrific Bargain!

::SJ\-a Nothing worth having is FREE

0(\:f\;'f*\ w food we eat, the clothes we wear, the homes we live in, the

Thecars the we in—and drive—even thisGIANT

satisfactions inner of all the leisurelife—alltimetheseto mustenjoy bethembought Si $22 Christmas effort and sacrifice. with

and All Occasion Let's look at some examples. Take friendship. You may winm it will cost you something to keep them: time % Card Assortment friends easily, but

spent on daily kindly deeds, the thoughtful letter or card of rememyours r brance, the timely word of encouragement, the constant conON THIS INTRODUCTORY OFFER sideration.

The price of education is study. Business success can be

To Prove How Easily You bought only through hard work; savings for the future, through

Can Make $50 to $250 with present selfdenial. Doehla Christmas Cards! gpljll

YES!pieces)Thisyoursgiantforbox250...(112 So with the development of our talents: the ability to play

maketo showmoneyhow ineasyspareit istimeto the piano, to paint a picture, to bake a cake, or to excel in any showing Doehla effort. only with skill comes Christmas Gift art or lovelyCardsnew and

Items neighand physical Personal health and and mental strength must be needed. bors. Noto experiencefriends

Mail Coupon We'll Now exercise of the the kind by and food and amount also 7 several send of earned boxes—

cards / approval. on Harry into drink abstain our from. put Associwe and Doehla # "WKl%I 4;,- mSfTW- -. i g*. tewa*, webodies—ortake, Studio

trust of of is built friends ates,Nashua, N. H. 138.or promises. keeping on the The

1, St. Louis Mo., or

Calif. Alto, Palo credit their bills. Financial to those belongs pay who

(There's a Doehla nearby to its with present membership Even Church and future bless-. * -, *, m Associateserve you.)

ings is not yours for the mere asking. To belonging you must add | HARRY DOEHLA and ASSOCIATES, Studio 1-38,

St. Nashua, N.H. Louis 1, Calif. Alto, Mo. I Palo OR OR to receiving obedience; sharing. the are you must add These works

I | office nearest {Address you) to faith of things earn must you the earth add if you would good Send (regularly Giant 1 'for Box $2.75) which

enclose I only also several send I of boxes Christ- 'of the blessings are the price full heaven. Cards approval, mas and on250; with details must of They pay the we

I Doehla Plan. "Extra limited I (Offer to Money"

to one family.) a 'for hereafter. here happiness or

I I Name serve, save. In other So strive, share, words, pay up, because. Address I

'it pays.

I I for Plan school, I clubSpecialor I CityII—I BMBorganization. m* YOURSELF BE HONEST WITH MMI CheckChurch,BBS—here*, for FUNDRAISINGMSB1StateMM>—

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How Standard's research helps put jet aircraft in the stratosphere

Standard's new synthetic oils help conquer withering jet heat and stratospheric cold

TEN MILES UP WHERE THE JETS FLY there's a world few men know. Temperatures from 70 to 100 below zero make

ordinary lubricants thick and sluggish on controls that must respond instantly. But within jet engines, moving parts must

be protected against withering heat up to 600 Fahrenheit. 1957 1965

Standard has "built"synthetic oils that stand up under Jet airliners will carry twice as many both extremes. In less than five years these oils will be helping passengers at twice the speed of

conventional planes. Standard is

jet airliners whisk you safely to your destination, farther, getting ready now for 1965 when faster, and more comfortably than ever before. We've been U.S. civilian and military demand for

working toward that day since 1942 when Standard supplied jet fuel will surpass aviation gas by the fuel used in the first jet flight in the United States. more than 300,000 barrels a day.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

AUGUST 1957 551 The Church Moves On to Day Chronology of Church Events An>ay

May 1957 P Teams participating in the r junior division of the allChurch ra It was announced that for the volleyball tournament opening HMK fifth consecutive summer free

President Milton R. Hunter of today at Deseret Gymnasium: Meridian bus service for tourists had been

the First Council of the Seventy (Idaho) Second, South Jordan Second, started again between Temple Square dedicated the chapel of the West Mesa (Arizona) Eighth, North Thirtyand Welfare Square. With the bus

Jordan First and Third wards. The fourth, Grayson, East Garland, Stockton service came a resumption of guided

building also serves as the West Jordan (California), Ammon (Idaho), Fairtours on Welfare Square.

(Utah) Stake center. view, Las Vegas (Nevada) First, AmeriNorth Seattle (Washington) Stake, can Fork Sixth, Jordan Second, Mendon,

formed from portions of Seattle Stake, Long Beach (California), Clearfield | A solemn assembly was held in with Elder Wilford H. Payne, formerly Second. Teams represented Utah wards yr the Los Angeles Temple. In atpresident of Seattle Stake, sustained as unless otherwise specified. tendance were the General Authe president of the new stake. President thorities and ward, stake, and mission

priesthood leaders of the Angeles Los arePayne's Elders counselors Floyd Edseminaries institutes of and The (fc district. stake conferences Temple The Berrett Fagg. Byron andward Grant are the in of process the Church *Q in this held the were Church end week of Seattle live the StakeMembers North graduating fourteen some thounot of attended the by members GenFifth, Seattlein Seventh, Third, Eighth, it students, sand was announced. eral Authorities.Alderwood, Everett Bellingham, and First Beach Long both the Ward won Appropriate promeeting Sacrament B.wards. Elder formerly Layton Jones, senior junior allthe division of and

of grams restoration the commemorated counselor tosecond President Payne, volleyball Church tournament. Both the Peter, Priesthood Melchizedek by as ofsustained president Seattle Stake, this titles from teams the ward had won in 1829. James, and John Ferrill Elders A.with and Kay Raymond in as well. 1956 Arbor placed Ward

W. Eldredge sustained as his counselors. second in the senior division; Valley

Elder Gustavus Carlston, formerly first View Third won the consolation, and I]W Preconference events for the counselor in the Seattle Stake, was susStirling was awarded the sportsmanship LjjJ MIA included a YWMIA camp tained as president of the high priests'trophy. In the junior division, Stockton institute, performances of the

quorum of the Seattle Stake. Seattle First, placed second, Clearfield Second won MIA drama festival, and a Master M

Second, Fourth, Sixth, Ninth, Kirkland, the consolation, and North Thirtythird MenGolden Gleaner reunion.

Bellevue, and Renton wards and the received the sportsmanship trophy.

Issaquah Branch are a part of the Seattle It was announced that the Young

Stake. These changes were under the Women's Mutual Improvement AssociaThe fiftyeighth annual condirection of Elders Mark E. Petersen and tion had now moved into its new, enference of the Young Men's and

George Q. Morris of the Council of the larged, and modernized offices on the Young Women's Mutual ImTwelve. second floor at 40 North Main Street. provement Associations convened on

Elder Marvin C. Meyers sustained as Temple Square. There was an early

in sessions reception, general morningsecond counselor in the North Rexburg received the cablegram from v A a superinthe afternoon, and morning(Idaho) Elder Stake, succeeding President First From Presidency Mar- \%r presidents'tendents'luncheon, and andriner Morrell. D. of the Southern Grant Heaton H. festival. festival a music drama The

Far East Mission reported all missionwas presented again.

aries in the Taipei, Formosa, area, were The MIA theme for the coming year cW The annual allChurch volsafe. Riots had occurred in the area. was announced: 'And this is life

TC leyball tournament began its eternal, that they might know thee the three day "run"at Deseret Gymrw Elder Marion G. Romney of the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom

Participating City. Salt Lakenasium, delivered Council of the Twelve 17:3. 51 W thou hast sent."—John division: seniorthis year in the Long address to the baccalaureate the

Beach (California), Valley View Third, graduating class of Brigham Young UniGarden Heights, Afton (Wyoming), versity. Tffah It was announced that the First

Monument Park Eleventh, Boise (Idaho) y&r Presidency had granted the PreNinth, First, American Holladay

BlackfootThird, Fork June 1957 extendingsidingthe BishopricAaronic Priesthoodthe privilegemeof Ogden Fortysecond, (Idaho) Sixth, Provo Ninth, Val Verda, morial project to include the erection of

Capitol Hill, Washington Terrace, ] Elder Richard L. Evans of the a suitable granite marker on the site

Clearfield Sixth, Salem, Arbor, Orem ]T Council of the Twelve delivered where the Prophet Joseph Smith's home

Fifth, Naples, Las Vegas (Nevada) the baccalaureate address to the once stood, near the Susquehanna River

Third, University First of Logan, graduates of the University of Nevada. where the Aaronic Priesthood was reWinder, Stirling (Alberta), Grant, Elder David G. Clark, formerly secstored May 15, 1829.

Springville Fourth, Mesa (Arizona) ond counselor in the Reseda (CaliThe MIA June conference day was

First, Valley View Second, Bountiful fornia) Stake presidency, sustained as devoted to departmental sessions. A

Twelfth, Blackfoot (Idaho) Third, Clinfirst counselor, succeeding Elder James repeat performance of the MIA music ton, and Fairview. Teams were from B. Jacobson. Elder Harold F. Rogers festival was presented in the TaberUtah wards unless specified. sustained as second counselor. nacle.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Restored Church WILLIAM E. BERRETT

This book brings within the grasp of the average reader the unique story of the LDS people and their fundamental religious philosophy. The warm human treatment of material

will sustain any reader's interest.

$4.50

- 2. Teachings of the New 3. For Behold Ye Are

Testament Free TEACHINGS A. McKINLAY

f nr LOWELL L. BENNION fm ktoU LYNN

teachings the is on view the LDS What lectures the collection author of by ije are free This EW TESTAMENT this book illuminating Christ? Read of

stresses "Life of Eternal"important two the of understanding greater a gain and is in that created principles: man LDS truths these Learn Gospel. how Restored

is that the he of and image endowed God.. living. lwAMtHlg to modernday applied be can

a It deeper "free provides agency."with to happiness and joy bring they how beliefs. basic these both of understanding teachings. Master's the follow those who

$3.50 $2.25

M

4. The Americas Before Ike Americas 5. Life Eternal A. McKINLAY LYNN

Columbus beJbreCotumbws revised Newly DEWEY FARNSWORTH this book offers editionan excellent...

A thoroughly fascinating book about the background for anyone planfabulous Mayan civilization that existed ning Temple work or desiring

E*rflover 2 500 years ago—lavishly illustrated general background on Tem- 1 ife

with pictures of ruins and relics. ple Ordinances.

$5.00 $2.00

OFFICIAL PUBLISHERS Km. TO THE LDS CHURCH

I1IIMIIII Co. DcscretBlBooh 6. Book of Mormon - -*''i 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City, Utah

Evidences in Ancient DESERET BOOK COMPANY

America 44SaltEastLakeSouthCity,TempleUtah

DEWEY FARNSWORTH Gentlemen:Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order

Many of the archaeological discoveries ( ) charge to my account for the encircled (numbered) books:

3 4 5 6 years in Central in recent South and 12 here in are described both Name America jflnriflrtHBW* 1 word and picture. Beautiful illustraAddress

Zone tions. City

Residents of Utah include 2% sales. State..tax.

$6.00 AUGUST 1957 553 oWCissionary Help.tr

Ours is a missionary Church. Currently

there are more than 5,000 fulltime missionaries in foreign fields, and over 6,000 in the stakes. In addition, thousands of teachers

and uncounted numbers of lay members are weekly teaching the gospel to nonmember friends and investigators.

This new Era feature is designed to aid and encourage those engaged in this important gospel activity by presenting material covering many phases of missionary work. Watch for this feature in future

issues. We hope it will prove interesting

and valuable to every missionary and teacher in the Church. Suggestions, ideas, and contributions will be appreciated. The Editors.

the Impossible On Doing

by Fenton L. Williams

PRESIDENT, HIGH PRIESTS QUORUM, SACRAMENTO STAKE

Do blemsyou everto solvehave ordifficultseriousprobob- before,'said, 'I wantand youjust tothenclimbthethatstrangercliff.'catchsoon learnedthe next theboat.language;He stayed;he behe

stacles to overcome? If so, this "I took another look and then in came an exceptional missionary, and,

little story may help you as it has bewilderment said, 'I can't. It's imthough but a youth, he won the love

helped me and scores of others who possible!'and respect of the natives.

have heard it. "'How do you know you can't? This story has been without price

Shortly before the turn of the last You haven't tried,'said my guide. in my life. I remember in taking

century a young man named Abinadi "'But anyone can see'—I started correspondence courses in higher

(Nad for short) Olsen was sent by to say in objecting. But he cut in mathematics when I bumped into

his church to be a missionary in the with, 'Begin climbing. Reach up with problems that were "unworkable,"

faraway islands of the South Pacific. your hand—now with your foot.'I'd think of Brother Nad. Then I'd

Some years after his return he related "As I reached, under orders that I begin by writing some statement this incident in my hearing. dared not disobey, a niche seemed to about the problem. Invariably it

"I was not happy with my assignopen in the solid rock cliff and I would lead to another and another ment,"Brother Nad said. "I couldn't caught hold. Then with my one foot and finally the solution.

speak the language and seemed to be I caught a toe hold. For years I taught ninth grade algeaccomplishing nothing. Living condi- "'Now go ahead,'he ordered. bra classes. The cliffclimbing story

tions were bad. My abode was a 'Reach with your other hand,'and as became a regular order of business as

rude grass hut. Homesick and dis- I did so another place opened up, and each class reached the thought probcouraged after about three months of to my surprise the cliff began to relem stage and students began to say,

this, I resolved to catch the next boat cede; climbing became easier, and I "This is impossible; I know I can't

back to mission headquarters on ancontinued the ascent without diffido it."

other island and tell them I was finculty until, suddenly, I found myself "The first step in climbing the ished. I would go home and not lying on my pallet back in my hut. cliff,"I told them, "is—after carefully

waste more time. The stranger was gone! reading your problem—write: Let "Then one night,"he continued, "'Why has this experience come to X =; then go back into the problem

"as I lay on my mat on the floor of me?'I asked myself. The answer and find something to let it equal."

my hut, a strange man entered and came quickly. I had been up against Many of these students have since

in my own language told me to get an imaginary cliff for those three told me of the value of this little up and follow him. His manner was months. I had not reached out my story not only in algebra but also in

such that I had to obey. He led me hand to begin the climb. I hadn't life.

out through the village and directly really made the effort I should have up against the face of a perpendicular made to learn the language and surThe moral: If something really

solid rock cliff. 'That's strange,'mount my other problems."difficult has to be done or needs to be

thought I. 'I've never seen that here Needless to say, Brother Nad didn't done start doing it.

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I think white birches full year round

Are lovely, harp strings of the wood

For winds to strum as soft winds should;

And yet I've searched in rain and found

Where shafts of sunlight stream from ground

To sky; for yellow birches hold

by Jean Mergard A luminescence in their limbs,

Defying clouds'more somber whims;

pipes, birchgold. Birch Music AndSweetlistening,sounds fromI've heardorgan unfold

—Photo by Don Knight

AUGUST 1957 555 FRAGILE SILHOUETTES

By Manfred A. Carter

f see dark figures in a thinning line

That cross one hill against a purple sky.

The thunderhead above them, in the shine

Of sunset, curves like God's great hand to try Their souls with shadows of eternity.

The violet of evening turns our lives

To dark and fragile silhouettes, which see

Beyond the crest of time, where light survives.

And if my soul has dwindled like a flame, oil, lift the living SUNFLOWER WELCOME LETTER TooI trusttiredthatnowhill towill a rising name show

By Claire Brandon By Jane Merchant BeyondI follow thein thefallingline darkof menof whotime'sgrayrecoil.

with the years but learn to wall, gloriously things I ought To shadows upon blossoms at least t a dozen my are TPhere pray. turquoise in a sunflower letters isn't one. writingI Van Gogh A and To do,

vase, I've got a fish to bake that Jamie caught,

Bright as is the golden shield of a Grecian To his astonishment—Oh, it was fun

boy To see that solemn freckled face of his UNBOUND

Upon a sunstruck field in ancient Thrace. All glorified! A puppytattered sweater

And grimy shirts and jeans insist there is By Vesta Nickerson

A brighter far than that, golden and Much I should do before I write a letter.

all life aglow round seems yet, today when And they miss much Tow did he know of sun. the delight, heart the of sparklesAs How little shining With ** love only Who light of soul joyous living to very will smile IThe you well how know And walls Enclosed by tragic northerner, Gogh? haunted, VanThat know roof above! And

is right, us, going for everything, That flung banner a a sunflower areOnly suddenly all thoughts my And the curve full of Within loneliness.. of. and the. wantnotAgainst might you skies sweeping Of world, to the this answer golden gave to do. I ought thing is the onlyHe This (Starbright, sungold) less. I its no do sunshine;Drinking may

lies. Enchantment

TUMULT Against the earth, TO A SEA GULL showers, by By Gladys Hesser Burnham Refreshed aware Love grows By Florence Drake of sage, flowers. Of strong surges of roll the sea the gray curled of beauty are the smoke, WhenYou storm, the with flight, cloak. Bird silvery song in and a poem A living the crest of the surf breaks the And caress wind's The

wall, stalwart sea turbulent all distilled Are from take your substanceYou is felt that a rhythmical Lashing boom To happiness. foam

merciless loud breakers'and rumble In the forever at home. a vagrant;Forever

fall; Bound but by sky,

might, of onrushing ebbing and flowing The deep, sea, darting earth, hunger By are swift byYou awe. watches in to engulf Appears one who sleep. heights a watered Love food from knows new yourSnatching

There is always a limit, a swift dragging Of ecstasy.

farreaching, is haughty, cryYour free, The back,stark realism that nature is law. of sky rider and sea. a Befitting

Wing on, live poem, in your silvery cloak BOY AND STARFISH

Wing on in the beauty of curled gray By Lance Delaney smoke.

HERMIT THRUSH IVowWithhereothersis a henewhasstarknown,to claim

And though he cannot name its name,

By Maude Rubin He knows it for his own.

T've never seen him, but I know he's here. For waves are on it and white sand,

Between the day and dark he writes thin Stranger than other stars, lines Not like white snowstars on the land,

Of silver on the wall of dusk, brings clear Nor yet like skyheld Mars.

Radiance to these silent, listening pines! Pushing it close against his ear,

Rough to his fingertips, STILLED SONG He finds there is no sound to hear.

Yet he can see white ships.

By Inez Clark Thorson And so he holds the starfish fast, this asks be can how given none,.. was asked no odds Tt

past, salty are blowing winds—Hal Rumal Photo ThatNor die. it is to. condemned And now

sea! the scoop up hands That its best tree that roadside gave This

Along the years to passersby. BRYCE CANYON

—WeBut highwaysboast improvementsmust be widerdayyet,on day By Miranda Snow Walton TWILIGHT

This landmark must be sacrificed

Because it bars progression's way. God touched the evening sky, drew down By William Allen Ward

its transient flame Condemned... and there is no reprieve, To where colossal cliffs stood absolute, TPwilight walks across

Although it is both hale and strong; alone; The desert drawing the curtain

And sounds of traffic will replace Titanic pinnacles caught fire, a'nd it became Of night and pinning it down

This ancient monarch's lyric song. A vast, eternal sunset petrified in stone. With stars for silver nails.

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA %ge Editor's

I by President David O. McKay

THE SABBATH

Sunday being the Sabbath is a day of worship. It is in Church work, and especially parents, should ever be

\ holy. This is a Christian nation, and the Lord has on guard to set the proper example in regard to the

promised that as long as we keep him in mind and Sabbath.

worship him this country will stand—this government A second purpose for keeping holy the Sabbath day

will stand. No other nation can take it or destroy it. is "... that thou mayest more fully keep thyself un-

(See Ether 2:12.) But if we forget Him, God's promises spotted from the world...."(D & C 59:9.) That is a

are not binding. (See D & C 82:10.) glorious phrase. Contemplation during that sacred selfThe first great Sabbath occurred as the benediction to communion, and higher than that, communion in

the creation. The scriptural account reads: thought and feeling with the Lord—the realization that

"Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and he is near enough to be aware of what you are thinking.

really what you are.all the host of them. What you think about—is

There is a third reason. Keeping holy the Sabbath

"And on the seventh day God ended his work which day is a law of God, resounding through the ages from he had made; and he rested on the'seventh day from all Mt. Sinai.

his work which he had made.

Moses received, as part of the Great Decalogue, on "And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it; Sinai:

because that in it he had rested from all his work which

God created and made."(Genesis 2:1-3.) "Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.

Why should Sunday be observed by man as a day of "Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work:

rest? First, Sunday is essential to the true development "But the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy

and strength of body, and that is a principle which we God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy

should proclaim more generally abroad and practise. son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidBut there is something more than that. Sunday is a servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within

..."(Exodus 20:8-10.)day when we change our clothes, put on clean linen. thy gates:

It is truth that "cleanliness is next to godliness,"and You cannot transgress the law of God without cirIsaiah recorded in the Old Testament "... be ye clean, cumscribing your spirit.

that bear the vessels of the Lord"(Isa. 52:11), which Finally, our Sabbath, the first day of the week, comcommand has been repeated in our modern revelations. memorates the greatest event in all history: Christ's

(See D & C 38:42, 133:5.) resurrection and his visit as a resurrected being to his

Bacon, the great philosopher, said: "Cleanliness of assembled apostles. His birth, of course, was necessary,

body was ever esteemed to proceed from a due reverence and just as great, so I say this is one of the greatest to God. The consciousness of clean linen is in and of events in all history.

itself a source of moral strength, second only to that of "The Sunday,"says Emerson, "is the core of our a clean conscience."civilization, dedicated to thought and reverence. It inThose brothers and sisters who are actively engaged vites to the noblest solitude, and to the noblest society."

AUGUST 1957 557 by Joseph Fielding Smith

PRESIDENT OE THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Kingdom of God and the Kingdom of Heaven

an arrangement into societies and communities in the are in the Lord's house, and this mansions which many 1 ever."Oueslion: "lwhatam hassomewhatbeen writtencontusedconcerningin regard theto will be for ever and

kingdom of God. The Lord said in the Doctrine and

Covenants, section 29, verse 11, 'For 1 will reveal myself The expressions "kingdom of God,"and "kingdom of from heaven with power and great glory, with all the heaven"are used in the scriptures with different meanhosts thereof, and dwell in righteousness with men on ings which have to be determined by the nature of the earth a thousand years, and the wicked shall not stand.'thought expressed. Ofttimes they are used to convey

Then the Doctrine and Covenants Commentary, pages the same meaning; that is to say, the expression "kingdom

147148, intimates that the Church of Jesus Christ is not of God"may refer to the Church on earth, or the kingdom the kingdom of God. Is there a difference between the in heaven, and then again to the universal political

kingdom of God and the kingdom of heaven? Or does kingdom as referred to by President Brigham Young.

the kingdom of God circumscribe all the good people This kingdom will embrace all the people on the earth who remain after the coming of Christ and the cleansingof the earth, while the kingdom of heaven must have the doors opened for baptism?"of the earth from its wickedness. "Kingdom of heaven"

may also have reference to the Church or to the kingdom in heaven. A view of some of these passages with their

scriptural meaning may well be considered. First as to

The passage in the Doctrine and Covethe universal kingdom which will embrace all peoples nants Commentary is taken from a disupon the earth during the millennium.

course by President Brigham Young which is recorded in When Christ comes, he will set up a political kingdom the Journal of Discourses, Vol. XI, page 275, and is as which will include all the inhabitants of the earth, no

follows matter what nation they may belong to or what may "It may be asked what I mean by the kingdom of be their religious faith. The Lord gave to man his free

God. The Church of Jesus Christ has been established agency in the preexistence. This great gift of agency,

now for many years, and the kingdom of God has got that is the privilege given to man to make his own choice, to be established, even the kingdom which will circumhas never been revoked, and it never will be. It is an

scribe all the kingdoms of this world. It will yet give eternal principle giving freedom of thought and action

laws to every nation that exists upon the earth. This to every soul. No person, by any decree of the Father,

is the kingdom that Daniel, the prophet, saw should has ever been compelled to do good; no person has ever

be set up in the last days. * * * If the Latterday Saints been forced to do evil. Each may act for himself. It

think, when the kingdom of God is established on the was Satan's plan to destroy this agency and force men earth, that all the inhabitants of the earth will join to do his will. There could be no satisfactory existence

the Church called Latterday Saints, they are egregiously without this great gift. Men must have the privilege to

mistaken. I presume there will be as many sects and choose even to the extent that they may rebel against

parties then as now. Still, when the kingdom of God the divine decrees. Of course salvation and exaltation

triumphs, every knee shall bow and every tongue confess must come through the free will without coercion, and by that Jesus is the Christ, to the glory of the Father. Even individual merit in order that righteous rewards may be

the Jews will do it then: but will the Jews and Gentiles given and proper punishment be meted out to the transbe obliged to belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of gressor. Therefore, when the great day of the Lord shall

Latterday Saints? No; not by any means. Jesus said come, the wicked who have merited banishment from a

to his disciples, 'in my Father's house are many manrighteous government will be consumed, or the privilege sions; were it not so I would have told you; I go to of continuance on the earth will be denied. 2

prepare a place for you, that where I am, there ye may iThe Prophet Joseph Smith said, "'There are many mansions in my Father's be also.'There are mansions in sufficient numbers to house, and I will go and prepare a place for you.'House here named should

have been translated kingdom; and any person who is exalted to the highest

suit the different classes of mankind, and a variety will mansion has to abide a celestial law, and the whole law too."Teachings of

always exist to all eternity, requiring a classification and the 2DProphet& C 101:2325.Joseph Smith, p. 331.

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDITOR'S NOTE Response to Your Question is so large that it is possible to answer on these pages but a small percentage of the questions submitted. When you write, be sure to

include your name and address and a postage stamp in case it seems advisable to answer your letter personally.

Therefore, according to the justice of the Lord all who In the Savior's prayer: "Our Father which art in

have not violated the right to remain will not be conheaven, Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come.

sumed. We are informed that these, although they may Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven,"he evinot be members of the Church, who are entitled to the dently had reference to the kingdom of righteousness

blessings of the terrestrial kingdom, will be spared. which both he and John proclaimed as being at hand,

Therefore, there will be millions of people on the earth the Church of Jesus Christ. 7 Likewise the Savior's reduring the millennium who have not received the gospel. mark, "But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his

Missionary work will continue with greater vigor and righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto

power than at any other time. This work must go on you,"8 has reference to the Church. This appears true

until all who are on the earth are either converted or also of the parable of the virgins. 9 It is the Church of

are taken away by death. Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints which is meant in this

Isaiah has, through the spirit of prophecy, made this parable. These virgins represent the Church, and the

matter very clear in the following words: parable points to the fact that when the bridegroom comes

"For behold, I create new heavens and a new earth: the five foolish virgins will be unprepared. In that day

and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into the members of the Church who have not kept the commandments and thus have no oil in their lamps are in mind. danger of being shut out of the kingdom when the door "But be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which I is shut.

create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing, and

her people a joy. The Prophet Joseph Smith speaks of the kingdom of

God as the Church, and its ordained ministers carry its "And I will rejoice in Jerusalem and joy in my people:

message to the world:

and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of crying. "Some say the kingdom of God was not set up on

"There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor the earth until the day of Pentecost, and that John did an old man that hath not filled his days; for the child not preach the baptism of repentance for the remission

shall die an hundred years old; but the sinner being an of sins; but I say, in the name of the Lord, that the

hundred years old, shall be accursed."3 kingdom of God was set up on the earth from the days

of Adam to the present time. Whenever there has been

The Prophet Joseph Smith in a conversation with Judge a righteous man on earth unto whom God revealed his

James Adams said: "Christ and the resurrected Saints word and gave power and authority to administer in his

years. the the earth thousand during over reignwill of there is a priest name, minister and where God—a will* earth, but the dwell probably will not uponThey authority to administer and power from who has God

visit it when they please, or when it is necessary to in the ordinances of the gospel and officiate in the priestgovern it. There will be wicked men on the earth during hood of God, there is the kingdom of God; and, in conthe thousand years. The heathen nations who will not sequence of rejecting the gospel of Jesus Christ and the

come up to worship will be visited with the judgments Prophets whom God hath sent, the judgments of God from eventually be destroyedof must God, and cities, rested the the have nations, people, in various upon and there not think that earth."wicked we should 1 By men ages of the cities world, of case the which with the was

will be men on the earth filled with corruption and vice. Sodom and Gomorrah, that were destroyed for rejecting

The Lord has explained what he means by a wicked the Prophets.

man in the 84th section of the Doctrine and Covenants, verses 5153. "Now I will give my testimony. I care not for man.

I speak boldly and faithfully and with authority. How is

'For whoso cometh not unto me is under the bondage it with the kingdom of God? Where did the kingdom

of sin.si of God begin? Where there is no kingdom of God there

"And whoso receiveth not my voice is not acquainted is no salvation. What constitutes the kingdom of God?

with my voice, and is not of me. Where there is a prophet, a priest, or a righteous man

"And by this you may know the righteous from the unto whom God gives his oracles, there is the kingdom wicked, and that the whole world groaneth under sin and of God; and where the oracles of God are not, there the

darkness even now."kingdom of God is not."10

Zechariah also calls attention to punishments that The parables of the Lord as recorded in Matthew, edicts the fail to heed to those shall out be meted who or the of God, 13, the kingdom to do with have of chapter prothe of conversion through 5 This work Lord. the in Christ. is one passage Luke There Jesus Church of

claiming of the gospel must continue until all of the that is generally misunderstood in the world. It is as

inhabitants of the earth are converted, for Isaiah said: follows:

"They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the (Concluded on page 604)

Lord, as the waters cover the sea."G nVIatt. 3:2; 4:17, and 6:33.

6:33. Compare statement of the Prophet Joseph Smith, Teachings,

65:1720. 3Isaiah 198. Compare D & C 101:2331. p. 8lbid.,

Teachings, pp. 268269. 25:1-12. "Matthew EZech. 14:1619.

flIsaiah 11:9. Compare Jeremiah 31:34. "Teachings, pp. 271272.

AUGUST 1957 559 #:: % Aaronic

Priesthood

Restoration

Memorialized

by President David O. McKay

wjvvii?:

"ithin a few days, we shall dediwho visit Temple Square will listen to the incate the Aaronic Priesthood spiring story of the restoration of the Aaronic memorial on Temple Square Priesthood, and, at the same time, "see"the imin Salt Lake City and mark pressive representation of this wonderful event.

another milestone in the hisNo one can estimate the incalculable effect as a tory of the Church. For the missionary factor of this great memorial through

first time, the restoration of the years to come. The truths it represents will

the Aaronic Priesthood is stir sublime emotions, provoke sober reflections, being memorialized in timeless bronze and ageprompt honest inquiries, and leave unforgettable less granite. impressions for good upon the minds of the pure

The many thousands of bearers of the Aaronic in heart.

Priesthood, whose voluntary contributions have realimade possible the completion of the entire The memorial witnesses the reassuring project, have reason to rejoice in their accomties of the glorious resurrection. John the

plishment. Throughout their lives they will Baptist was a resurrected being when he laid his

remember with pride their participation in the hands on the heads of Joseph Smith and Oliver erection of this singularly unusual memorial. Cowdery May 15, 1829, and conferred the

Countless thousands from all over the world Aaronic Priesthood upon them.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John the Baptist

The Prophet Joseph Smith

Oliver Cowdery

The truth and necessity of continuous revelaminister and the Saints be blessed under the tion is attested in the memorial. The heavens commission of divine authority.

have been opened and messengers are again sent The memorial emphasizes the virtue of humilfrom God to man. Angels minister to men on ity in the service of the Lord. Joseph was twentythe earth today as they did during the long ago. three, and Oliver twentytwo. Their youth was

The necessity of divine authority is reaffirmed. no barrier. They were humble, teachable, and

were reheaven. They light from longed forNo person is authorized to act for the Lord withfull authority, received the they when wardedout the Holy Priesthood. Men must be "called

and all the keys of the Aaronic Priesthood at the of God, as was Aaron."hands of John the Baptist.

The coming of John the Baptist was no acciThus will granite and bronze testify in eloquent dent; he came because he was sent; he was sent silence through the years that these things are

by Peter, James, and John, the ancient apostles, trUe.

under whose direction he ministered; he was sent The monument will speak in a language peit livedbecause there was no one on the earth who held culiarly its own—will speak as though

the priesthood at that time; he alone held the and could never die.

keys of the priesthood of Aaron; he restored the

Aaronic Priesthood in order that men could again

$88888888888888888588388 AUGUST 1957 561 The Presiding Bishopric inspected and approved sculptor's model on

Oct. 5, 1956. Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin, center; first counselor Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson,

left; and second counselor Bishop

Carl W. Buehner, right.

Aaronic Priesthood Memorial to be Dedicated

Presiding Bishopric

Expresses Appreciation

Theis madeAaronicup ofPriesthood51,745 deacons,membership43,135 teachers,of the Church55,402 bearerssince JosephduringSmiththe oneand hundredOliver Cowderyand twentyeightwere ordainedyears priests in the wards and branches within organized to the Aaronic Priesthood by John the Baptist, May 15, stakes, and approximately 29,000 Aaronic Priesthood 1829.

bearers in the missions of the Church throughout the Believing that the restoration of the Aaronic Priestworld. hood deserved to be memorialized in a tangible form,

A grand total of approximately 179,000 members is the Presiding Bishopric discussed with the First Presithe remarkable growth in the ranks of Aaronic Priesthood dency the possibility of erecting an appropriate memorial

Photographs, left to right, indicate the progressive development of the Aaronic Priesthood Memorial under the skill of

Dr. Avard Fairbanks, sculptor.

The first shows working model, center, with the framework fashioned for the figures of Joseph Smith, left, and Oliver

Cowdery, right.

Next is the model, right, with the clay being placed on the framework for the Joseph Smith figure.

In the third photograph, Joseph, left, and Oliver, right, are represented in rough clay with the frame, screen, and upper diaphragm of the figure of John the Baptist taking shape.

Finally, Dr. Avard Fairbanks, sculptor, inspects the finished

clay model from which the bronze memorial has been completed.

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on Temple Square in Salt Lake City. The First PresiIt is planned that this second memorial will be erected

dency endorsed and authorized the project. next spring, probably in connection with the comComplete plans for erecting the memorial were anmemoration of the one hundred and twentyninth anninounced by the Presiding Bishopric, during the Bishops'versary of the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood.

Conference held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle October With the erection and dedication of the Susquehanna 5, 1956. Dr. Avard Fairbanks had been engaged as memorial, we will have finished our project: We will

sculptor and provided a sculptor's model of the memorial have perpetuated, for all time, impressive witnesses of for display during the meeting when the announcement the reality of the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood was made. It was proposed that the Aaronic Priestin this dispensation.

hood membership of the Church be given the opporTo all Aaronic Priesthood members, we express our tunity to finance, through voluntary contributions, the appreciation for the successful completion of the memorial entire project. The hope was expressed that no money soon to be dedicated on Temple Square in Salt Lake City.

would be requested or needed from the general funds We share your pride in the inspiring monument your of the Church. contributions have made possible.

Within a few months, all of the money needed to also look forward to the completion of our secondfinance the memorial was contributed by Aaronic We

Priesthood members and remitted to the Presiding Bishmonument near the place where the Aaronic Priesthood opric in full. was restored.

all leaders who have folWe are overwhelmed by the loyalty of our leaders We express our gratitude to and by the generosity of the Aaronic Priesthood bearers lowed through on this assignment and who, we believe, throughout the Church in this assignment. We are will continue to work with those who may not have

honored in being fellow servants with all of you in the had the opportunity to assist in this project to date.

work of the Lord. We pray for the continued success of the great Aaronic

But our work is not finished with the dedication of Priesthood programs of the Church. We pray for all

the Aaronic Priesthood memorial on Temple Square. those who are deacons, teachers, or priests in the Aaronic

The First Presidency have authorized us to extend Priesthood throughout the world and for their leaders.

and complete this worthy project by erecting a suitable May we all work in complete unison for the building up marker near the banks of the Susquehanna River in of the kingdom of God upon the earth.

Pennsylvania where the Aaronic Priesthood was restored.

At the present time only a board marker driven into Faithfully your brethren, the ground marks this sacred spot.

The new marker will be erected near the place where the Prophet Joseph Smith's home stood in which he and

Oliver Cowdery were translating the Book of Mormon retired to they of the the bankswhen Susquehanna distanceRiver a short to inquire of the away Lord con- 7&.fauzew

cerning the ordinance of baptism. It was at this time

they received the Aaronic Priesthood from John the

Baptist. The Presiding Bishopric

AUGUST 1957 563 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTXIV

With fiue loaues and

two fishesJesus

Feeds

the

Multitude

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

Jesus rescuing Peter from the sea.

Camera CUx Photo fmrn n painting by Plovkhorst

these denied told them. they works?"the mighty Again themdom, and tour of Galilee, anotherMaking after blessings, other. great selves asked each and Jesus Jesus the people went throughout

cities and villages teaching in "Is not this the carpenter's son? is "laid his hands upon a few sick folk,

the synagogues, preaching the gospel, not his mother called Mary? and his and healed them,"he departed.

and healing people of their sicknesses. brethren, James, and Joses, and The twelve apostles had been called

Again he came to Nazareth, the city Simon, and Judas? by the Lord and for some time had

where he had spent most of his life, "And his sisters, are they not all been receiving intensive training from where he had been rejected, and with us? Whence then hath this man him. "The harvest truly is plenteous,

where an attempt had been made to all these things?"but the labourers are few,"he decast him over a cliff on his last visit. A second time they rejected the clared. Calling unto him the twelve,

But in spite of these unpleasant exLord. Jesus marveled and was sorely he gave them instructions to go forth

periences, the Lord still had compasgrieved that they could not believe. and preach, to heal the sick, and to

sion on his former townspeople and "A prophet is not without honour, cast out unclean spirits.

taught them in the synagogue. but in his own country, and among his Their mission, he told them, was

"Whence hath this man this wisown kin, and in his own house,"he not to the gentiles, but to the lost 564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sheep of the house of Israel. His invited "his lords, high captains, and lords, captains, and chieftains, and

structions were that they should chief estates of Galilee."The daughthere was nothing for him to do, he

preach that the kingdom of heaven ter of Herodias, the wife of Herod, thought, but to make good his promis at hand. They were to go without danced for the assembled dignitaries. ise. To do any less would cause him

purse or scrip and were to be "wise Full of the fire of her desert ancestors, to lose face, and such a thing must as serpents, and harmless as doves."she pleased Herod so much that after not happen to a king! So he called

He knew this would be a hard assignthe dance he offered to give her anyfor an executioner and sent him to the ment for them and also for the conthing she desired, up to half his kingprison to carry out the order.

verts they made, so he comforted dom. Excitedly she turned to her What an unhappy ending to the

them with the words, "He that findmother and revealed what the king earthly life of this great and faithful eth his life shall lose it: and he that had said. Quickly the cunning mind man, to have his neck put on a block

loseth his life for my sake shall find of this evil woman saw an opportunity and his head chopped off and carried it."to bring to pass the one selfish, to the palace on a platter to the

And so his disciples left him, going dastardly desire which the king had daughter of Herodias, who then took throughout all the land. Jesus condenied her, and which had been eatit to her mother. When the bereaved

tinued teaching in the many cities of ing at her soul. Here was her chance disciples of John learned of this terGalilee. The work of spreading the to do away with the prophet, who rible deed, they took the body of their

gospel was going forth in great had dared condemn her for her sins. beloved prophet and lovingly laid it

earnest. And so she instructed her daughter to in a tomb.

Meanwhile, east of the southern tell Herod she wanted the head of How Herod must have suffered tip of the Dead Sea in the fortress of John the Baptist. when he realized what he had done!

Machaerus, on the far borders of the What an evil day. How low can Soon after the execution he heard of

kingdom of Herod Antipas, the faithpeople sink? Even Herod was the fame of Jesus, seemingly for the

ful forerunner of the Lord, John the shocked. He had nothing against first time. Who is this prophet, he

Baptist, still lay in chains. It was John; in fact, every evidence points asked himself, and concluded it must

Herod's birthday, and to celebrate it to the fact that he admired him. But be John, risen from the dead.

he gave a great feast to which he inhe had given his word before his (Continued on page 584)

Jesus with the multitudes.

—Camera Clix Photo from a painting by Carl Block

AUGUST 1957 565 WARD TEACHING

by Elder Harold B. Lee

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The writer of the Book of Proverbs declared that, "The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful THRIFT shall be under tribute."(Prov.

12:24.) This was but another way of

saying that "The rich ruleth over the efinition: It involves prudent giving and judipoor, and the borrower is servant toDIn order to understand clearly the cious spending as well as intelligent the lender."{Ibid., 22:7.)

of is application It wise the saving. conof this subjectfull to be meaning is provident diligent and who He energy, be they whether resources, I a dictionary briefly, give yousidered developed has resources his own It with means. material is or It time, talent, thrtft. of thedefinition word that in so doing strength inward an

defined as good husbandry; being ecois the antithesis of waste. elevates him to a place of mastery

nomical; showing good management; "To live this doctrine, one must over him who lacks in these qualities

dictated by to with submitfrugality. Thrift is synonymous discipline—not is of the one character. of He good

It entails selfimposed. others, but providence, and economy,husbandry, "for spoke, Master the meek of whom confidence, sacrifice the reward is extravagance, but of oppositeand is the (Matt. earth."the inherit shall they

prodigality, lavishness, and wastefulintegrity, faith. Those unwilling to 5:5.)

ness. make the sacrifice confuse thrift with

as of thrift this broader view With ennobling, of one is but the parsimony, the significance scope and The of all our reapplication wise is the source the Thrift a as well as the other mean. spiritualthrift a from

time, and talents, aspractical standpoint is well set forth of generosity-—is patient in detail sources—energy,

can betin a brief message delivered a few and only the generous can appreciate well as material means—we

years ago by the late President Frank the grandeur of little things."ter appreciate the wise admonition of

Evans to his former missionaries of (Frank Evans "Message to Misthe late President George Albert the Eastern States Mission on the ocsionaries,"Annual Reunion, April Smith, who counseled the Saints in casion of an annual reunion. His 1950.) a great general conference:

heading for this brief message is sigAs viewed from this spiritual aspect "I pray that you may have wisdom its practo set your homes in order today, notnificant in itself: "Thrift—the Parent of thrift we understand that

of Benevolence."I include here the tice has reference not only to money delaying. Set them in order while

substance of his message: but also that it is in truth, "the wise there is yet time. Call your families

"The spiritual in man grows application of all resources, whether about you, and if you failed in the through practice of the simple virtues. they be energy, time, talent, or matepast to give them an understanding of

Thrift is one of these. The Church rial means,"as has been so well set the purposes of life, and a knowledge

has consistently taught the doctrine forth in the foregoing quotation. of the gospel of our Lord, do it now,

of thrift. With this interpretation in mind, we for I say unto you as a servant of the

"Thrift is not mercenary though it are now prepared to grasp more clearLord, that they need it now and they has to do with material things; it has ly an understanding of certain adneed it from now on."(Conference

a moral and even a spiritual aspect. monitions from the scriptures. Report, April 1937, page 36.)

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDITOR'S NOTE

This is the second in a series of articles in which General Authorities discuss current ward teaching topics. These features are written and published in cooperation with the Presiding

Bishopric as an aid to the ward teaching program of the Church. It is hoped that each family

will read these articles monthly in preparation for the visit of their ward teachers.

The conference at which this counwljo has a garden spot, garden it; some instances set about recklessly to

sel was given had carried the subject every man who owns a farm, farm it. provide belatedly for the "rainy day"

of thrift as something of a theme, "Let us again clothe ourselves with which they now thought imminent.

about which the First Presidency these proved and sterling virtues All this, and yet the counsel above gave some sound practical suggestions honesty, truthfulness, chastity, sobriquoted is now twenty years old, and in our own temporal affairs to the ety, industry and thrift; let us dismembers today have been handed

end that the homes of Church memcard all covetousness and greed. down by a pioneer ancestry an exambers would be "set in order"and ple of thrift and industry which if obprepared for eventualities which they Man Must Work served in practice as well as principle

foresaw in the not too distant future. would have gone far to provide a temHere is an exact quotation from one "We must purge our hearts of the poral security for themselves as far as

of the Presidency speaking on this love of ease; we must put out from possible in this modern and changmatter: our lives the curse of idleness. God ing world. Church members would

"What may we as a people and as declared that mortal man should earn do well to study carefully the broad individuals do for ourselves to prehis bread by the sweat of his brow. meaning of thrift as herein explained

pare to meet this oncoming disaster, That is the law of this world. In the and "set their houses in order/'as

which God in his wisdom may not past'it has taxed our economic they have been enjoined.

turn aside from us? strength and system to keep the relaAgain and again wise leaders have

"First, and above and beyond tively very few idle rich. That task emphasized not only thriftiness and

everything else, let us live righteousshows us that no great groups can good husbandry in material things, ly, fearing God and keeping his combe kept in idleness. It surely is not but also of all human resources, even

mandments, that we may in part natural to believe that they may. as the Lord had commanded:

claim his blessings as of right, and not People have been insufficiently fed "Thou shalt not be idle; for he

as of mercy only. Along this way and clad with every one working who that is idle shall not eat of the bread

only lies happiness and salvation. For was able to work. Why delude ournor wear the garments of the lathe Lord has said: selves into thinking that a third of borer."(D & C 42:42.)

us may live in idleness and all of us of followed blessThere promise a fear death; Wherefore, for not unto even If off? better idle, be a third be may

... is if this full. to joyin alike, rich not world your ing they and poor

all off better than and then now, why care for Therefore, not neither the body, observe the but would law upon idle half a increase not prosthe and life of the forthe soul, care but the body; "fatness of the the earth"which

if life perity; for half, of soul. the the twoand not and why

it will obtained. be could As be noted of face seek the that the always, Lord And if all thirds, of twothirds, then and

after, critical the equally Lord was souls,in patience ye your and may possess have every us idle and man a mileternal rich shall have theirye in failures life. (D poor of both & and C 101:36lionaire working."and nobody38.) to the of best that use make which

(President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., the Lord had given them:

"Let us avoid debt as we would from Conference Report, April 1937, a plague;avoid where in page we are now 26.) that will unto not men, you rich Wo

debt; us get out ofdebt let if not for substance your to the poor, your This clearcut advice was in fact give

today, then tomorrow. but a reiteration of an old pioneer riches will canker your souls; and this shall

visitabe your of in lamentation the day strictly straitly us "Let and live practice security where of thrift and tion, of indignation: and of judgment, and

a little. savewithin incomes our and to each householder enjoined was harvest is past, the The is ended, summer

"Let every head of every household provide amply in granaries, cellars, and my soul is not saved!

see to it that he has on hand enough and storehouses sufficient for a year's Wo unto you poor men, whose hearts are food and clothing, and, where possupply and enough from harvest to not broken, whose spirits are not contrite, sible, fuel also, for at least a year the seed time of the succeeding year. and whose bellies are not satisfied, and

ahead. You of small means put your Thrifty and obedient Church memwhosehold uponhandsotherare men'snot stayedgoods, fromwhoselayingeyes

money in foodstuffs and wearing apbers set about immediately to heed are full of greediness, and who will not parel, not in stocks and bonds; you that counsel, but others wanted to labor with your own handsl

of large means will think you know be told what and where to store; But blessed are the poor who are pure

how to care for yourselves, but I may others improvidently and with poor in heart, whose hearts are broken, and venture to suggest that you do not husbandry embarked upon a wastewhose spirits are contrite, for they shall see speculate. Let every head of every ful program of storage; still others thegreatkingdomglory untoof Godtheircomingdeliverance;in powerfor andthe

household aim to own his own home, listened to idle tales of gossip and fatness of the earth shall be theirs. (Ibid.,

free from mortgage. Let every man wild rumors and almost hysterically in 56:1618.)

AUGUST 1957 567 YOUTH DESERVE NOBLE LEADERS by Marba C. Josephson

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

Photographs Courtesy The Dcscret News

O. David of center was McKayWITHNobleTHISBirthrightSLOGAN Deserve"Youth ofNoblethe President of young attention

Leaders,"the fifty -eighth June people who swarmed following him,conference was given tremendous around afternoon Sunday impetus as youth and leaders greeted sion of June conference.sesthe general superintendency and

presidency and general board members on Temple Square prior to the first general session. With gala flags

of gold and green flying along the south side of the iron fence which separates the temple from the rest of the grounds, the thousands of people with their individual badges, signifyIn the ward units, those who parfeatures stressed; from dance, drama,

ing the farflung stakes which they ticipate move into a more abundant music, and speech came new impetus represented, joyfully communicated life. In the stake and district and for greater activity among all MIA

their love and interest in MIA as division the same program prevails, members.

they proceeded along the line and with widened horizons and extended The general sessions were noted for took their seats in the famed Salt acquaintanceship. MIA, through actheir challenge and inspiration from

Lake Tabernacle. tivities and lesson work, cares for both the opening sessions on Friday

spiritual and recreational activithrough the two on Sunday, one MIA stands for activity—and acthe

tivity in abundance was realized by ties of those who participate. under the direction of President

June conference in 1957, as in all David O. McKay. Preconference

those who came from the East and previous years, became dual in its activities were better than ever, so the West, from Canada and Mexico. nature: a conclusion of the year's assert those who attended the camp

The activity of MIA brings people activities culminating in festivals, and institute, which, in spite of being of the canyon, went fortogether in a common cause—that of an introduction to the new year's rained out

improving life and joy in living—and program. June conference thus beward in the LibertyWells Stake Centransitional of with a of and ter minimum encouragement a time comesthe residuum is one of great inspirathe difficulty; enjoyed of accomplish- a and those who time admonition,

tion as well as of accomplishment. ment and dedication. Master M MenGolden Gleaners

Proceeding as the activity does from In departments for activities and Caribbean Cruise on a calypso holiward to stake, to region, to Churchage-groups the emphasis lay in the day.

wide participation, the "spectacle"of year ahead—19571958 calendared An Honorary Master M Man pin

June conference, tremendous as it is, events and lesson material. From was presented to Elder Antoine R.

is but a part of the achievement of Special Interest through Bee Hive Ivins of the First Council of the

MIA. new plans were clarified and regular Seventy while an Honorary Golden

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gleaner pin honored Sister A. R. immMiii::<:::

Curtis, Utah mother of the year for 1957 as well as mother of Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis and Alice C.

Christensen of the YWMIA general board. Also presented on Thursday

and Friday evenings were the two dramas, Life with Father and The

Conflict of Job.

On Friday and Saturday evenings the music festival thrilled capacity crowds. In addition to the near 2300

participants in the singing, an 82 piece orchestra enhanced the program.

The speech presentation Sunday afternoon climaxed the general sessions. Its emphasis on the Churchwide campaign, "Be Honest with

Yourself,"called forth an inspirational response from the audience. General Superintendency and General Presidency of the YMMIA and the YWMIA:

Included in the presentation were adFirst Counselor Emily H. Bennett, First Assistant Superintendent A. Walter

C. Longden, Second Assistant Superintendent Curtis, Second Counselor LaRuedressestopic—asfromwellfiveasyounga scriptpeoplewrittenon theby Stevenson, General President Bertha S. Reeder, General Superintendent Elbert R. S. King. David

Caroline Eyring Miner and read by

Violet Grix and Francis Urry.

The speaker for this session was President of the Council of the say those things which will be edify-

I ing, which would tend to build upPresident Joseph Fielding Smith,* Twelve, who said, in part: "...

pray that I may have the guidance and strengthen you teachers and you referred of the addresses *Some to will be pubof the Spirit of the Lord that I may officers who belong to the Mutual issueslished of the Era. subsequent in

YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG WOMEN'S MIA GENERAL BOARD MEMBERS

Front row (left to right): Francis L. Urry, George I. Cannon, Doyle L. Green, Charles E. Mitchner, Jr., Alma H. Pettigrew, Leon L. Imlay, E. LaMar Buckner, Wallace F. Toronto, Joy F. Dunyon, Rulon B. Stanfield. Second row: Florence B.

Pinnock, Marie Stuart, Norma P. Anderson, Helen D. Lingwall, Helena W. Larson, Carol H. Cannon, Velma Harvey,

Hazel A. Snow, Moana B. Bennett. Third row: Ruth H- Funk, Grace C. Milner, Sara D. Yates, Merle P. Poulson, Gladys

D. Wight, Edna E. Leaver, Caroline E. Miner, Betty Killpack, Gladys E. Harbertson, Dolores G. Merrill. Fourth row:

Ethel Baker Callis, Violet H. Grix, Dorothy Jacobson, Joseph F. Catmull, Jeannette H. Demars, Roy M. Darley, Hermine

Briggs, Karin I. Aronson, Lorna Tayler, Hortense H. Child. Fifth row: Kathryn F. Kirk, Lorraine Bowman, Gordon Owen,

Pearl B. Johnson, Edith F. Shepherd, Adolphus P. Warnick, Joie E. McKean, Virginia H. McDonald, Edna K. Pay. Sixth

row: Irving P. Beesley, Albert O. Mitchell, Wendell E. Adams, Marvin J. Ashton, Harold Glen Clark, John U. Webber,

Armond F. Carr, C. Vern Yates, Kenneth H. Sheffield. Seventh row: Forace Green, William B. Smart, G. LaMont Richards,

Richard L. Gunn, Lester F. Hewlett, Jr., Knight B. Kerr, Lynn Hales, Lee Jepperson. Eighth row: Ted Bushman, Elvis B.

Terry, Stanford G. Smith, W. Floyd Millet, Clark P. Russell, Roy W. Doxey, Parley H. Liddle, Alma Heaton.

Young Men not present: Ralph W. Hardy, E. Allan Bateman, Clark N. Stohl, Crawford Gates, Harry Clarke, Royal L.

Garff, Harrald S. Alvord, L. Clair Likes, D. L. Roberts, Keith M. Engar.

Young Women not present: Marba C. Josephson, Winnifred Bowers, Allie Howe, Clea B. Jorgensen, Margrit F. Lohner, Erma

R. Heiss, Alice C. Christensen, Joyce Roberts.

Virginia F. Cutler, Irene H. Ricks, Margaret R. Jackson, Jane Thompson, and Carolyn Dunn are on leave of absence

from the Young Women's general board.

AUGUST 1957 569 View of part of the 2300 singers and 82 piece orchestra which thrilled spectators who attended the MIA music festival,

Friday and Saturday evenings, June 14 and 15.

Improvement organization and the Authorities, the president and superElder Richards stressed the forthcommembers of the organization throughintendent of the MIA, and visiting ing theme for 19571958: "And this

out the Church. dignitaries. Elder LeGrand Richards is life eternal, that they might know

"We cannot get along without you. of the Council of the Twelve was the thee the only true God, and Jesus

Your work is extremely important. It featured speaker Friday morning. Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John

must be continued and 17:3.) Elder Richards

must have the support of continued, "... what

all the Authorities of the could be more important

Church. * * * in our lives... because,

"From my early youth after all, all that we en-

I have remembered one joy in this world, even statement in the disthe creation of the earth course that Alma gave to... all come through

his son Corianton. It their power."

has stayed with me all Elder Richards'tribute through the years, and it to MIA was unqualified, has been an anchor to "... the MIA is a great

my soul. I think of it organization of the

frequently. And it is just Church... for a moment

four little words. I would I would like to dwell a

like to impress it upon little on what I think the your hearts, and I think stake presidencies and it would be a protection the bishoprics owe to this against all manner of great organization. I feel

sins. These four little that this is one of the

words are simply these: strong arms of the

'Wickedness never was Church. Having been a

happiness.'"(Alma 41: stake president and a

10.) bishop of three wards, I

One of the exceptional General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis (center) shares experiences would not know how to

features of June conferof conference with Kenneth K. Bechtel, President, National Council, meet the challenge of

of the youthence consisted in the mitteeBoy Scouts(Relationships),of America Canadian(left); andGeneralB. H. Mortlock,Council, TheExecutiveBoy ScoutsComtaking care

addresses of the General Association (right). of the Church without

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the help of the great MIA organizaportant that our youth find the right monument, but it is also deep in tion. I think it is a marvelous thing, path to follow."spirit and purpose. No one has said

and therefore I think that we who Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis this better than the President of the

are in presiding positions owe our likewise addressed the first session. United States, speaking at our annual

full support to this organization."He said, "... I am grateful... for meeting in Washington recently. He

To these leaders he laid down a you, who on the firing line have conwas speaking of people in public life, straightforward challenge: "... do tact with the youth of this Church. and he said, 'All we would need to

you want a ten cent program, a * * * It is you who meet with them make a better world would be for twentyfive cent program, a fifty cent each week, who counsel with them, everyone to live the Scout oath and program, or a dollar program? You and go into the hills, and to their the Scout law.'"

can't expect the MIA to give you games, and to the dances, and to the The speaker of the Friday aftersomething for nothing. Those things various activities, who privately visit noon session was Elder Adam S.

don't just happen."and counsel with them, who really Bennion of the Council of the

Elder George Q. Morris, also of touch and shape their lives. I wonTwelve. His tribute to youth was

the Council of the Twelve as well as der if you realize the impact of what moving: "I attended a conference in

an adviser to the MIA, stated: "There you are doing and how far it goes. Chicago where they stirred me no

are great powers and influences at "... you are building a power of end, because the youngsters themwork in the world. We see them on resistance that will stop anything, selves had gone to the police records,

all sides; we feel them all about us; that will move anything, with proper and they discovered in Chicago that

we feel them in us, a struggle befaith in God, our Father."all the offenses committed by the

tween light and darkness. Kenneth K. Bechtel, president, Nayouth of Chicago that bring them into

"We are assembled this morning, tional Council, Boy Scouts of Amercourt are committed by five percent a great throng of devoted and faithica, addressed the assemblage Friday of their number. I made up my mind

ful and wonderful people who are afternoon in the second general seslong ago that I was not going to lose here to create light, to preserve light, sion. His tribute to the Church actrack of the ninetyfive percent while

to preserve truth, and to bring that tivity in scouting was moving: "I am I indulged in the scandalizing, even

light and truth into the lives and into aware of the great honor that came by accepting it, of the five perthe hearts of men and women."to me last year when I was elected cent. * * *

In this first session also President president of the Boy Scouts of Amer- "Certainly no generation ever came

Bertha S. Reeder welcomed the atica, and in that capacity I am very to a richer heritage than the youth

tending MIA members and workers. happy to be here today, and to bring of our Church today. The more I

She challenged the leaders, "It takes you the greetings of the officers, of read history, the more I thrill to it.

study and time and a humble spirit all the members of the Boy Scouts of Our forebears were wonderful. And

to be a leader of youth. Our young America. I especially want to recogif we can catch of their spirit and

people want to be good, but so much nize the fine work the Mormon live in it, it will be a great day totemptation is placed in their way Church has done officially, privately, morrow."

these days that it is hard for them, the fine leadership that has been furThen he turned his attention to the and it is easier to go with the crowd. nished by so many of your leaders leaders of youth. One of his final

Many parents do not assume the refor scouting, not only among your admonitions bears careful considerasponsibility of the family. They are people, but through their example to tion, together with all that he said,

out making money, or enjoying sopeople throughout the world. * * * "Do not get lost in the obligation of

cial pursuits, and so it is doubly im- "Scouting is a big and vigorous (Continued on page 588)

Bee Hive girls with Honor Bee awards, typical of departments featured in the Friday afternoon session in dramatization, "The Light of MIA."

AUGUST 1957 571 Help Them

talk, or may resort to crying or scolding.

Wise parents will be aware of these impulses in anger and will assist the teenager with satisfactory means of release in times of emotional strain.

Occasional direct or indirect release is usually better than continued suppression. Emotions which impel

aggressive behavior can be constructive if controlled and directed into socially acceptable behavior, but when they are too strong, when they arc uncontrolled, or there is no release,

A warm, friendly atmosphere between parents and such emotions can be disastrous to teenagers eases emotional strains of adolescence. personality growth.

Parents, in order to meet sympato act aggressively. Small children Fear

thetically the emotional problems follow this impulse, usually getting of their young teenagers, must angry at toys or at some interruption Fear is one of the most powerful understand these emotions. Not of their play, and are impelled in of the emotions. When individuals

understood, they can cause untold some way to punish the toy or strike express fear, they may perspire, become rigid, pale, or unsteady; theysuffering in the lives of young people. the individual who has interrupted may have an impulse to fight, but Most teenage boys and girls dethem. They may control these imvelop as emotionally pulses develop sometimes, they but they are more totheyrunareaway.more likely to be motivated

physically. likely to the teen years Just as put on a tantrum.

are accompanied by "storm and Although fears vary from person stress"in physical growth, they are The adolescent usually becomes to person, most are learned reactions also characterized by emotional disangry over some social or personal to certain situations. The things

turbances. thwarting; he has been embarrassed, which are feared by small children

By the time a child reaches the age made fun of, annoyed, or been are not the same as those feared in of twelve, his emotional equipment treated in a way he thinks is unfair. later years. We are concerned here

is rather fully developed and difHis anger impulses arc more varied with examining the things which ferentiated. His emotions are not than the impulses of the younger cause adolescents to be afraid.

is earlier. It as general,merely poschild to are controlled and a much first a child enters adolesWhensible to fear, detect rage, jealousy, greater extent in are than they very is cence, likely to he about worrylove, hate, specific other and types children. reof young will youth The things as failure such in school, the atemotion birth recogwhich were

restless, act by becoming refusing to sickness of his or father, his mothernized as only general excitement.

Consider, for example, three principal emotions: anger, fear, and love.

Anger

Anger, jealousy, and similar emotions generally bring forth an impulse 572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA held under the surface for too long finally during or after adolescence, he a time, but if parent and child are will fall in love with someone with fei',..x%,.. on a warm, friendly basis so that the the intention of marriage, a sign of

child can express his fears, there is permanent emotional maturity.

less tendency for them to become enThis emotion of love is of long trenched and distorted. duration and leads to various types

Parents might also help the child of behavior. Wise Latterday Saint

Understand oftento developdispelsa emotionssense of humor,such aswhichfear. parentsin theirshouldchildrenrecognizeand itsprovidesymptomsfor

Since we sometimes take ourselves too proper attitudes and expression of seriously, a sense of humor helps us this powerful drive.

by Dr. Antone K. Romney to see things in their true proportions. Parents must understand that their

PROFESSOR OF EDUCATIONAL, ADMINISteen-ager should learn to express all

UNIVERSITY, YOUNG BRIGHAM TRATION, YOUNG Love of his emotions in ways which are BRIGHAM OF THE PRESIDENT AND

UNIVERSITY STAKE acceptable to his parents and assoexperiences child a cerciates. should, by adolescence, He A young—Photos by Bloom from Monkmeyer

love, emotional objective about but the emotions tain type of be more which an adolescent experiences as situations than his younger friends, love are quite different. This emoand should be able to learn from

tion leads the teenager to joyous criticism without getting his feelings father losing his job or working too behavior, which is usually inspired by hurt. He should learn during adoleshard, someone being hurt, or about some individual. With the infant, cence to face his real problems and

losing something. As the teenager the mother is usually the person solve them, instead of trying to esgrows older his worries change a loved. With the normal adolescent, cape reality, and he should be able

little. Although many of his anxieit is likely a friend of the opposite to overcome most of his childish fears

ties are the same, new reasons for sex. An immature adolescent may fix and worries. But this growth is not

worry appear. He is still afraid of his romantic love on parents, teachers, automatic.

school situations, accidents, lack of or others much older than he is. A wise parent will be conscious of

ability, but he also is worried about Parents must realize that although the fact that his adolescent is face to doing wrong, losing faith, growing the normal child will first love his face with intense emotional problems too fast or too slow, not having parents and those upon whom he rewhich, if handled intelligently, will clothes or money, not having friends, lies for his care and physical security, become a source of power and joy in being teased or treated unfairly, and as he gets a little older his love will the years to come, and if handled not being accepted by the group. shift to friends of both sexes who unwisely can destroy happiness and

These and many associated probrecognize him as an individual, and joy for many years.

lems cause deep emotional stress among youth; this tension will probably result in some type of undesirable behavior. In very young

children the reaction of behavior is direct and abrupt. In adolescents it

is more subtle. While the very young

child screams and runs, the adolescent will attempt to avoid the situation without admitting that he is afraid.

Parents should help adolescents to understand this emotion, and that they need not be ashamed of fear because most normal people experience it. Sometimes if young people learn

to recognize the situations in which they experience fear, they can prepare and plan their activities in such a way that attention is diverted to work instead of worry. Also, young

people often are helped a great deal by talking to their parents about their problems. Serious personality

difficulties can arise when worry is

A wise father remains close to his son during the difficult teen years.

AUGUST 1957 573 Part V To Be a KING by Hugh J. Cannon

A FORMER EDITOR OF THE ERA

SYNOPSIS She looked up while awaiting his "The Nazarene?"

answer and was startled by what she "He is mockingly referred to as the David, a descendant of John Hyrcanus, the founder of the Jewish monarchy, is a saw. Nazarene; but he is accepted by

pretender to the throne now held by Herod "You are ill!"she exclaimed, with as it may sound

friends attended some—preposterousAntipas. and his apprehension. a sudden to the at party which you, Ruth—as the promised Mestheparty at Davidpalace—a

"No, I for am perfectly well."the of John head siah."asked Salome,dancer,

in, brought Baptist. the head was Asthe his face in her and hands She took the Messiah in such David, "Oh, left the and Herod rebuked in angerDavid his expression. "But what studied Later, so ridiculed?"girl him. with has guise taking the Ruthpalace, and

different are tells of so carpenter a over you? friend, You come Martha,Ruth's think."people is what many "That already are some Nazareth,from whom I have merry, boyish the David from

in following a has prophet,calling a believe who anything cannot you "But stern too, different, the from known; until progressed DavidGalilee. Events have foolish."grasp. is his within sofeels that the throne couso rebuked judge Herod who

Teacher the towho seek will believe new to DavidBut "I hardly what know does it mean?"What learn one rageously. to what in land the is abroad I shall tell insist, as you But disturbed, Ruth, night. much life. "I am very eternal win do tomust

but would rather not explain the of my experience with him, and you date set for the wedding of cause tonight."may judge. No, that is impossible.

judge properly, one must lookTheDavid and Ruth was rapidly draw- "Have you received unfavorable To ing near. Although the hour fixed word about the kingdom?"into his eyes, the most wonderful

his voice seen, and hear I have ever of that kind."nothing "No, arrange to meeting for their himby

stirs one's gentle, though of sufwhich, face indicates days "Your past, since he detailsfinal was long approached the home of his beloved fering!"soul."

slowly instead of traveling like the "It deceives then, for scarcely more "Describe the man to me."

wind as was his custom. His usual than an hour ago I was saying to "That would not be difficult so far

buoyant air was changed to one of myself that for a month I have really as physical appearance goes, but there extreme dejection, and it was apparent lived."is something about him as indescribthat some strange experience had The enthusiasm of the day returned able as the look a loving mother gives

come to him. and revived David momentarily, but her sleeping babe. He has the bearmore; for while As he came sufficiently near and he quickly lapsed into melancholy. ing of a king—nay,

saw that Ruth awaited him in the "But you aren't really living to- a king has dignity, this man has subgarden, his pace quickened, and he night. I could almost believe a limity. His gaze searches the soul.

life I have met the world'smade a somewhat futile effort to asstranger is visiting me. Why these During my

sume a gay expression. Ruth haschanging moods?"distinguished ones, some who have

tened to meet him. He took her "I was rudely startled by something been born to exalted positions, and

outstretched hands in his own and which occurred on my way here."others who, by the unquenchable

it was."fire within them, have achieved greatlooked so searchingly into her eyes "Tell me what

that she became confused. Her eyes "Another time, Ruth. I have not ness; but never before have I heard

revealed a wealth of love, the extent yet weighed it with sufficient calmman speak as this one does. In his

of which he tried to measure. In ness to speak of it intelligibly."simple presence vice is made shamethem also was a trust which stirred "David, nothing less than a terful and men and women take on the

his tenderest emotions, making his rible calamity would agitate you so, exaltation of heaven. He speaks and

lips tremble and his own eyes become and surely I have a right now to your the lame walk, the blind see, and the moist. entire confidence."David paused. deaf hear. Miracles of this kind were

"Oh, David, I feared you were not "Well, you have heard of the performed in my presence, and his coming tonight! What detained you stranger who has recently come among followers say that even the dead are

so long?"us and performed so many miracles?"raised to life."

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his eyes, and love immeasurable.

Why, I could have died for him!"

"Please do not say such dreadful things. You frighten me! You could

never think of dying for him. He

could never expect it!"

difficult—to"No, but somethinglive for him."infinitely more

"What do you mean?"

"After hearing my answer regarding the law of Moses, he said, and his words burned into my heart. 'One

thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell

whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross,

and follow me.'

The young girl recoiled in terror.

"Oh, David, what are you saying?

How utterly ridiculous! You, a descendant of kings, and about to attain

a throne, making a beggar of yourself to gratify this fanatic!"

"A beggar? Yes, it would mean

that,"he said reflectively, as if the full import of the unusual command had not occurred to him before. "To

be homeless, the companion of unlepers lettered to mingle with men;

to repeated by me "The dead raised? That cannot exhortation,

it myself unclean; perhaps and become

I determe, andbe."Lebanah, thrilled

"I have the positive word of several mined then, for your sake, dearest, to would mean all that, and more. What

reputable men that it has been done."seek perfection."would death be in comparison to

"But, David, there have always "As if you could add to the degree such an inglorious existence?"

"Why, David,"exclaimed the girl,been magicians among us. The of perfection you already have!"

Nazarene doubtless is one of them, "Love warps your judgment. Well, throwing her arms about him in a

with perhaps more cunning and skill today I sought him and asked what panic, "you cannot think of accepting than his fellows."I could do to inherit eternal life."such a preposterous invitation?"

"Would you were right,"said "And what more could be required "Certainly I do not accept it. How

David dejectedly. "But this man's than you are doing now?"can I? Some of the results have been

deeds alone, marvelous as they are, "He said to keep the law of Moses. pictured, and, though hideous, they

could not generate the majesty which When I told him that I had always are endurable. To satisfy this inenvelops him."endeavored to do so, he looked at me ward longing, I might be willing to

"How often have you been in his with such tenderness I could gladly walk through life with hunger and company?"have knelt and kissed the dust from disease casting loathsome shadows

"Never until today."his feet. I swear there were tears in on my path; I might, after a struggle,

"It is most strange,"said Ruth, blot out all memories of departed and then added gaily, "but whether glory; but I cannot think of losing

impostor or prophet, he need not you, even to obtain the perfection of interrupt our happiness. We have God!"

each other, and the Nazarene can Ruth's face blanched.

take his own course.""David, such a thing would kill me,

The young man was silent. and I pray you never to refer to it

"You are so distraught and unagain. I hate this creature for excitnatural. Forget this outcast and let ing us with such absurd suggestions."

us enjoy the evening.""Please, Ruth, do not say that,"he

Ruth was frightened by his reply. said brokenly. "You little realize what

"Forget him? And thereby, I fear, your words mean. This stranger is

become an eternal outcast myselfl no ordinary man, and if you cannot

Forget him and enjoy an hour's bliss, feel kindly toward him, at least reor remember him, and—I know not serve judgment. I thought it imwhat, perhaps enjoy a blissful eterpossible for you to hate anyone."

nity? Ruth, I have not told you all. "I can hate, and violently, any perThis man once said to his disciples, son who suggests taking you from

'Be ye perfect, even as your Father me."

which is in heaven is perfect.'The + tS.KMUHT (To be continued)

AUGUST 1957 575 obment

by Elder Sterling W. Sill ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

little extraTheget objectivepeople intoof thethe celestialChurch kingis to "Thereand far ismoresomethingvaluablefar thanmore ability,scarce intelligenteffort in recruiting.leader spends a

dom. and that is the ability to recognize During this process, full informaThe problem involved is leadership. ability."It is possible to learn to tion should be given the worker as to

Mostly there is only one problem in recognize ability before it has begun what the job entails. The "time"or

the world, and it doesn't matter much to blossom. Michelangelo made men "preparation"or "labor"or "opporwhether the desired accomplishment out of stone. But before he became tunity"involved should not be bylies in doing church work, or in buildthe great master he learned to see the passed or understated. Conviction

ing a business, or in running an finished product in the rough mateand enthusiasm in the worker can be

for his success. He should fully unsame—leadership.empire. The problem is always the rial.In everyHe blocksaid of marble I see a statue; built up and a solid foundation laid

The solution of the problem is See it as plainly as though it stood before me derstand the importance of his parleadership development through trainShaped and perfect in attitude and action. ticular responsibility. This is the

to I have only the rough hew walls away time to discover objections bringing. and is usually more man A trained

imprison Which the lovely apparition unsolved problems out into theeffective open than man. an untrained it reveal to other To eyes as already mine

That applies whether he is a surgeon, see it. where they can be dealt with effec-

a lawyer, a farmer, a basketball tively. This is the place to obtain a

player, or a church worker. That is also our job. We must first meeting of the minds. The recruitThere are six steps involved in this learn to see the possibility and then ing process is where the "offer"and

development process: to do the necessary things to bring "acceptance"take place. Certainly

it about. the acceptance should be "firm"and

1. Selection It is a common mistake to think without too many reservations.

The first step in developing a leader that only those presently in leadership If the candidate has any traits or is to get the man, the right man, in positions have abilities. Jesus chose attitudes that would unsuit him for

the right place. There are too many men like Peter and Joseph Smith and this work, or if he does not want to

square pegs in round holes. There then developed the potential within do it, or if he cannot or will not give

are too many people who don't them. There is still a lot of ability it the necessary time, he may not be

like what they are doing. There lying dormant and inactive in people. the right man. But all these matters

are too many appointments made There arc a lot of wonderful leaders should be known and settled before on the basis of convenience or as yet unknown even to themselves. the appointment is made. Certainly

expediency without proper consideraAnd we can get many more people the following should be clear in his tion of all of the factors involved. into the celestial kingdom if we take mind and a firm commitment made

There arc too many people loaded more care in the selection of personnel by him regarding each of them:

down with so many jobs that success and arc a little more careful to get 1. He should understand the opis difficult in any. Faulty selection the "right man"to begin with, rather portunity.

means wasteful inefficiency, a high than the easiest or the most obvious 2. He should understand that he is

turnover in office, and a general man. to assume full responsibility for this

lowering of morale. assignment.

Anyone responsible for the appoint- 2. Recruiting 3. He should be willing to spend

ment of personnel should carefully There is a process that might be adequate time in planning and consider every available candidate. A called "recruiting"which can be a preparation and should be in attendcomplete list of all of those available powerful aid in leadership developance at all of his meetings.

is a great aid in selection. Businesses ment. Often people are placed in 4. He should understand that effecspend great amounts of time and positions which they do not undertiveness in any church assignment is

money in aptitude testing, personal stand and for which they are not usually made up in large part of perinterviews, etc., in trying to upgrade prepared, or for which they have no sonal, individual work.

their selection techniques. Certainly heart. If one starts out in his as- 5. He should live the gospel. One

the best man may not be the first signment with the wrong attitude or cannot effectively teach what he does man that comes to mind. He may is not fully converted to his job, our not adequately feel and live.

not even be the man who is presently objective may be defeated before it 6. He should want to have this as-

"active."We need to look beyond gets started. Anyone who does his signment. The Lord said, "... if ye

the present and visualize how the work grudgingly does it poorly. What have desires to serve God ye are called

candidates will fit into the program. a wonderful difference it makes if an to the work."( D & C 4:3.) If he

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA doesn't want to do it, he can't do it. 4. Training the training process before it begins,

"Desire is the pilot of the soul."no unfavorable situation should arise.

7. It is a great help to a worker to It has been said that training is a "Training on the job"is the backbone

know in advance that he will be excontinuous process and properly goes of business success; it is also the key

pected to do his job well and that he in a circle, the formula for which is: to effective church work and must be

will have vigorous and expert super- 1. Instruct 3. Observe expertly and frankly done.

vision. 2. Demonstrate 4. Correct

Everyone likes to play on a winning 5. Supervision

team, one that has high standards and effective discipline. No one likes The old idea that the way to train

someone was to throw him into theto be associated with indifference, inefficiency, confusion, and failure. It job and let him sink or swim by himis far easier to "recruit"for a "going self is generally discredited in our day.

Business organizations, governments, concern."and other enterprises have found that "constant supervision"for everyone 3. Induction can pay tremendous dividends. This

becomes far more important when the 1. The candidate should be presaving of souls is involved.

sented to his organization for their sustaining vote, and may be set apart 6. Motivation

to his office. Every inductee should be properly

2. He should be presented with the instructed. But instruction is not It has been discovered that the fires

basic tools with which he is to work, enough. We must show him how to of faith in human hearts can be made

such as: do it. We learn faster through the to burn more brightly. A human

a. A handbook. eyes than through the ears. being is more or less like a thermometer. His enthusiasm may be at

32 degrees below zero or it may be at 212 degrees. Heat has always been

appropriately used as a figure of speech to indicate the quality of our enthusiasm and accomplishment. We

say one is "on fire/'John wrote to the

Laodiceans, "I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot."(Rev.

3:15.) The fire of enthusiasm can

be developed in people. It can also

be passed from one person to another.

Oscar Hammerstein, II, has written, "A heart can inspire other hearts with its fire."Mr. Hammerstein said:

Give me some men who are stouthearted men. Who will fight for the right they adore;

Start me with ten who are stouthearted men, And I'll soon give you ten thousand more.*

This principle contains great power.

The ability to motivate human per-—Hays from Monkmeycr Press Photo Service sonality in its spiritual aspect is prob-

A good leader is interested in the accomplishments of those under him. ably the most constructive ability in

the world. above six steps do mentioned The be should Everyone's materials, church work teaching manAny to appointed only newly apply to not aid as observed, an uals, etc. continuously teachers'supplements,

is exactly the personnel. formula The

is for It easier far his pictures, to libraries, improvement. C. Access maps,

if to discover trying are you same errors see to the other or reference one works, on the sidelines mateis shortcircuited success being where for giving basis as a of his rials to performance work. pertaining

in those already in office. Suppose

troubleof 3. assistance. the to most those introduced should be One He worker under take each individual you

of supervision comes defects supervise will train him. some andwho these direction and go through your

of fear conto give our relationship of that about because should natureThe steps with each personally.

the aid. afraid are structive in advance. understood both be by We possible select: best Is he the 1. Re-

"critiwill his being 4. think trainee to introduced should we are be He If not, job? this particular for of man for settle a case will class so over cal,"and or to those he we whom 585) (Continued on page

preside and a suitable means estab- "arrested development."But if both

'Copyright 1927 by Harms Inc., reprinted by perlished for mutual respect. the trainee and the trainer understand mission.

AUGUST 1957 577 V

Henry Kreis with his first model and part of the soldier group sculpture.

Finished memorial as it stands west of Hill Street between the

Hollywood Freeway and Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles, 'i It i is ijCalifornia.

Los Angeles'Newest Monument

by Ethel E. Bangert

is one thing when a child fits toMoore Hill. However, it is more An aside was good for a laugh in the

It gether forty pieces of bright cardthese sculptured symbols commemoold loft, when a visitor objected to board to make a jigsaw picture rate a highly dramatic and historic one of the fourteen foot high figures and quite another when men use event of importance to all Americans. as looking too much like Stalin in his

639 pieces of colorful ceramic tile, Completed in October 1956, and Russian style cap and huge mustaches.

weighing about 80 tons, to create a dedicated by a grateful citizenry to Down came Sculpture Kreis from his picture that can be seen for miles. commemorate the bravery of its forelofty perch to study the figure. It

The extraordinary basrelief puzzle bears, the great terra cotta bas relief was true. With a quick swirl in the

is a memorial that is 400 feet long and was actually executed in Lincoln, wet clay with his modeling tool, the 45 feet high located west of Hill California, over 400 miles away and artist created a cap and face that

Street between the Hollywood Freeshipped in great boxes to be reassempleased everyone.

way and Sunset Boulevard, in Los bled, by numberto-blueprint, just as "The real work was in making the

Angeles. any jigsaw puzzle is finished. scale model in plaster,"Kreis adIt is more than an artistic oddity The sculpture was done by Henry mitted. "You work awhile and then

however it is a very important part Kreis, internationally known designer you have to walk around and think.

of the new Pioneer Memorial that was and artist, and he was assisted by Then there is all the research—like

recently constructed at the base of Ernest Kadel, sculpturing chief of the finding out how many stars were in

Fort Moore Hill. Under the great historic Gladding, McBean and Comthe flag at that time and what kind

central panel is chiseled: pany which was organized in 1875, of uniforms the men wore.

in Lincoln, Nebraska. "The first time the man seated on

SITE STOOD FORT ON THIS MOORE The main part of the relief portrays the horse was too far back so I hadBUILT BATTALION BY THE MORMON

DURING THE WAR WITH MEXICO. United States soldiers raising the flag, to move him ahead an inch. That

STATES UNITED OF FLAGTHE THE the smaller sections show pioneer of that to scrap section meant I had RAISED HERE JULYWAS ON viticulturists, cattlemen and stage all start again."over the model and STATES ATBY UNITED TROOPS 4, THE1847,

FIRST INDEPENDENCE DAY CELEBRAcoaches and railroads of the immigraNot all the figures in the flag raisIN ANGELES. LOSTION THIS MEMORIAL TROOPS THE HONORS WHO familytion periodstandingand abeforemodernan Californiaimposing inghe learned,scene areamongin uniform.other things,Kreis fromsaidHELPED SOUTHWEST: THE WIN TO

THE UNITED STATES FIRST DRAscene of a 20th Century hydroelectric his study in various libraries, over the

FOUGHTGOONS WHO AT SAN PASpower plant. months, that members of the MormonQUAL, YORK VOLUNTEERS THE NEW

WHO CAME BY SEA AND THE MORAn indication of its tremendous size Battalion were issued money to buy

MON BATTALION WHICH MADE ONE can be gained from the fact that more uniforms but some of them preferred ARDULONGESTOF THE AND MOST than thirty tons of modeling clay to wear their own clothes and save IN HISTORY. INFANTRYOUS MARCHES

were required for the original work. the money for other purposes.

This, Los Angeles'newest monuAs the sections of the clay model were As far as is known this is the largest ment, with its sturdy pylon and lovely completed workmen made plaster sculpture of its kind ever done in this waterfall, is the artist's way of solving molds of them. Terra cotta clay was country and it forms a huge backdrop

the problem of an ugly high embankthen pressed into the molds to form for a pleasant spot in which to spend ment created by an age of rapid transit the sections which finally were fired a quiet moment, in the midst of one freeway that leveled the old Fort and glazed for use in the memorial. of the noisiest cities in the world.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDITOR'S NOTE:

Following in their entirety are printed two resolutions extending appreciation and congratulations from both the State of California and the City of Los Angeles to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, The Sons of The Utah Pioneers and The Daughters of The Utah Pioneers. Commendation is extended to the Church for its part in "bringing the American Flag to

California and hastening the westward march of civilization...,"and also

to the Church and the previous mentioned organizations for their joint contribution of $76,259.00 for the erection of a flagstaff and pylon at the Fort

Memorial Moore site between the Hollywood Freeway and Sunset Boulevard, LOS ANGELES

Angeles. in Los

State ot California Appreciations RESOLUTION

at erected is to be there Whereas, from California site, a flagthe Memorial Fort Moore staff and pylon; and

Whereas Assembly, California Legislature, Whereas, There has been placed flagpole a and pylon Fort atop Moore CHRIST OF JESUS CHURCH 1957 Regular Session for THE Battalion the to honor Mormon SAINTS LATTERDAY OF first Fort flagpole over the erecting

ASSEMBLY CONCURRENT Moore and conducting the first has deposited with the Fort Moore

RESOLUTION Fourth of July observance at that Memorial Fund the sum of $76,259.00;

place; now, therefore be it and

Relative to the Mormon Battalion Resolved by the Assembly of the Whereas, this sum has been made

State of California, the Senate thereof possible in part by the contributions

Whereas, There has been a fitting concurring, That the members of the raised by Church members and role the key acknowledge efforts Fort of the the on Moore Legislature completed throughmemorial DAUGHin bringthis battalion played brave Civic CenterHill Angeles in the Los PIONEERS TERS OF THE UTAH to California Flag ing the American of the soldiers theto honor and the memory SONS OF THE UTAH and pioneers who played a key role and hastening the westward march PIONEERS, for the construction of in the early history of this State; and of civilization, and hereby extend the flagstaff and pylon in memory of

Whereas, The original Fort Moore congratulations to the Church of those early CALIFORNIANS of

Saints, of Christ Latterday Jesus to ancestry in 1847 constructed by members who helpedwas the MORMON of the Daughters and Utah Pioneers Battalion of the Angels;of the found the City and. who famous Mormon

came to California and arrived in Los its national president, Kate B. Carter; Whereas, these generous activities

Angeles at a critical period of history the Sons of the Utah Pioneers and of the Church and its members defollowing a record march on foot its national president, Horace Sorenserve the highest recognition by this from Council Bluffs, Iowa; and sen; and all others who have helped City Council;

Whereas, This battalion's march make this memorial possible; and be Now, Therefore, Be It Resolved,

played a key role in opening up adeit further that the City Council of the City of quate wagon trails to and from CaliResolved, That the Chief Clerk of Los Angeles does hereby commend the fornia; and the Assembly prepare and transmit Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Whereas, Some of this battalion's suitable copies of this resolution to Saints and its members for their accomplishments include demonstratthe Church of Jesus Christ of Lattergenerosity and thoughtfulness in conday Saints, to Kate B. Carter, and to tributing so wholeheartedly to theing the feasibility of a railroad right

of way into California from Arizona Horace Sorensen. Fort Moore Memorial Fund;

and New Mexico, pioneering a wagon Assembly Concurrent Resolution Be It Further Resolved, that a suitroad through Cajon Pass northeast to No. 41 read, and adopted in Assembly ably engrossed copy of this resolution

Salt Lake City and pioneering a January 19, 1957. be presented to the officials of the

wagon road ascent up the western Signed: CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF

slopes of the Sierra from Sutter's Mill L. H. Lincoln LATTERDAY SAINTS.

eastward to the Salt Lake Valley; and Speaker of the Assembly Resolution by

Whereas, With the battalion when Attest: Ernest E. Debs,

it marched into California came the Arthur A. Ohnimus Councilman 13th District

first Mayor of Los Angeles, a future Chief Clerk of the Assembly Gordon R. Hahn,

Governor of California, and men Assembly Concurrent Resolution Councilman 8th District whose labors would divert a millrace No. 41 read, and adopted in Senate Walter C. Peterson, City Clerk

at Sutter's Mill and lead to the disJanuary 21, 1957.

covery of gold; and Signed: I HEREBY CERTIFY that the foreWhereas, The battalion's arrival in Harold J. Powers going resolution was adopted by the

California secured the weakly held President of the Senate Council of the City of Los Angeles garrison at Los Angeles and forever Attest: at its meeting held January 9, 1957.

assured that the American Flag had Joseph A. Beek John S. Gibson, Jr.,

come to the pueblo to stay; and Secretary of the Senate President of the Council

AUGUST 1957 579 in the Attic The Gown

by Harold Heifer

always liked my Aunt Priscilla. kept thinking about that white and albums, and sometimes I would

I Asshe soonwouldaslikeshetophonedsee me, andI leftsaidfor weddingI don't believegown peopleof herscanin readthe otherattic. wouldthumb takethroughthe aweddingfew, butfc> gown> mostlyoutI

her place. She said there was no people's thoughts, not really, but and lay it out on top of the trunk

hurry, but I walked fast anyway. I somehow I knew that Aunt Priscilla and look at it.

guess, without really thinking about wanted to see me about that wedding I suppose it was a funny thing for it, it was because I knew she wasn't gown. somebody to do, especially a boy, but

feeling well. I guess I'll never forget the day it was such a beautiful gown. There

The family was quite worried about Aunt Priscilla caught me looking at was something shimmering about it.

her, the reason being that the doctor the wedding gown in the attic. She The attic always seemed to light up

didn't seem too sure about what was must have stood there at the top of whenever I took it out. I hadn't

wrong with her. "She just seems to the steps two or three minutes just been to too many weddings in my life,

be fading away,"Dr. Pruthers said. watching me before I knew it. You only one, in fact, but I'd seen quite

But this wasn't uppermost in my see, I used to tell her I went up there a few in movies and newsreels and mind as I walked along to Aunt to look through some of the oldon television, and I'd never seen a

Priscilla's. I don't know why, but I fashioned pictures in the magazines wedding gown as lovely as this one.

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I guess I was a little embarrassed to know a lot of people all right, havgetting married, it would have helped that day Aunt Priscilla caught me ing a paper route."Not that I didn't know of some, like

looking at her wedding gown. She "Well, you see, Hal... I'd like Miss Feaster, who lived in that corner

didn't appear to get mad about it, to give that wedding gown away... white house; and Miss Corbett, the

but for a moment she stood there at on September 5."schoolteacher; and Miss Morris, who

the top of the stairs, seeming to search There was silence, and then Aunt worked in the drugstore.

into my eyes. And then later on, Priscilla said softly, "I'd like it to go But somehow, though they were all

while we were out on the patio, she to someone very nice... someone nice enough, none of them seemed to

told me the story of the wedding who'd be lovely in it. I thought you quite fit. I tried to think of others,

gown. might be able to select that someone but there was something else on my

I'd always thought that Aunt for me, Hal."mind, too—the September 5 date. It

Priscilla had just naturally been an I still didn't know what to say, but was not only the date I was supposed old maid. I mean, she was tall and I managed a "Yes, ma'am."to bring somebody over to Aunt

thin, and her face was kind of Priscilla's to try on the wedding

Aunt Priscilla coughed a bit now. gown, but I happened to overhearpinched, and she wore glasses. It

face pale. Her was see, Hal,""You

tell as old Dr. if she that Prutherswas born to be was Aunt an Mama

said, she "there a time comes when Priscilla thatmaid. obsession that quite wasn't strange a the But had way

all of must think the disposal we it of she or was. going to "pass on was away our effects."

shortly after September 5."It seemed that Aunt Priscilla once

There was a pause, and then she was going to marry someone, some- "And I must say, she does seem to said, "If you're wondering about theone whose name was Charles Waters, be weakening,"Dr. Pruthers said.

see, well, that 5 date, September you

I she'd doesn'tand to "There seem be wedding made that much gown to the date have I was been was if herself. do. willed as It's almost can a sheall by But Charles was fitting—it that way."soldier, and he went off to war and married. It seemed rather

another pause, There then and wasnever back. a a came This was war not to hard was something That

Priscilla, I said, I'm sure you're "Aunt I ago,long time they World War of course. I'd always think about,

called it. going to get well, but if you want me felt that Aunt Priscilla was about as

So Aunt Priscilla never put on that to find someone to give the wedding nice a relative as you could have.

will. to I of I can't think anygownwedding gown. in seeing that her somebody I knew off or in route the body on hand my "It's a very pretty I told one,"5 on September had wedding gown is getting neighborhood married, who Priscilla. "It's prettiestAunt the one to thing very important a become will to but occur maybe somebody

I ever saw."I to her, get somebody wanted and me."

"It is lovely."She said this very who was just right. I thought about

it and thought about it.thoughtfully—and softly, too. who"It isdoesn'tactuallyhaveaboutto goto beto someonemarried.

I started to ask Aunt Priscilla why But I'd like someone to have it who I guess I sort of kept hoping, all she hadn't finally married somebody is a fine and lovely person, whose life along, that September 5 would never else, but I didn't. Something told is stretching out before her. I'd like come, but of course it did. That

me maybe you just didn't ask questo see her try it on... no one has morning I set out for Aunt Priscilla's.

tions like that. ever worn it, you know...."

weeks three only had A lthough I'd then on, whenever From come It's thing to easy not such an de- *- I'd since had by actually gone Priscilla'sover say to Aunt and get that cide gown. should a wedding who

I was going up to the attic to look at Maybe it's different if you're a girl; that earlier talk with her, she seemed

the old magazines, it was a kind of I don't know. Of course, if I'd have thinner, and there was a weariness

secret between us that I was really known someone who actually was about her, too. But her eyes were

going to have another look at her shining brightly.

wedding gown. "I knew you'd come,"she said, almost breathlessly. "I knew you

/\n"tothisher day,place,as I I knewwas hurryingit had someover wouldn'tsomeone forlet theme gown?"down. Youshe asked.do have

thing to do with the wedding gown, "Oh, yes,"I told her.

but I couldn't imagine just what it She led me out to the patio. The

could be. cookies and punch were already there.

A few minutes later, we were sitting "I'd like to ask one thing,"I told out in the patio, and she looked into her. "That you'll approve whoever

my eyes and said, "Hal, you know I select."

just about everyone in this neighbor- "Of course, Hal,"she said, beamhood, don't you?"ing. "You know I've always felt

"Yes, ma'am,"I said. "Just about."there was something fine and level-

"I'm afraid I've been something of headed about you. I know you have

a recluse,"she said. "I know so few made the proper choice, but now

personally. But you're an active and you've aroused my curiosity,"smiled

personable young man, and you have Aunt Priscilla. "Who do you have?"that paper route of yours—"No one,"I said.

"Yes, ma'am,"I said. "You get (Concluded on page 604)

AUGUST 1957 581 of Temple Square, where they witby the Deseret Musical and Dramatic nessed the unveiling of the monument Association. Many notables were

erected in honor of Brigham Young present at this overcrowded performMemories and the pioneers. Now, after sixty ance, including President Wilford

years, this shrine still stands, the Woodruff, the Twelve, the William wonder and admiration of millions of Jennings Bryans, Heber M. Wells,

by Ben Brown visitors to the city, and hundreds of the first governor of the state, and thousands of the followers of this James Glendinning, mayor of Salt great leader in whose honor it was Lake City.

erected. The second day a mammoth parade

At 2:30 p.m. services were held in was held called "The Pageant of

the great tabernacle. Outstanding on Progress."Some outstanding features

a the oldest few of inhabitants state, Indians camp; movingJuly1897,20ththeretowas24thheldinclusive,at Salt Lakeyear choir,the programprayer bywere:J. Goldensinging Kimball,by the were:of the

City, Utah, what was called music on the great organ by Joseph Jim Bridger's cabin; floats—An Indian

"Utah Pioneer Jubilee,"in com- J. Daynes, oration by Brigham H. Band of FullBlood Indians, "Utah in

memoration of the fiftieth anniversary Roberts, and presentation of badges 1847,"survivors of the Nauvoo of the arrival of the first band of to the surviving pioneers by twentyLegion, the Good Ship Brooklyn, pioneers into the Salt Lake Valley. seven young women representing the pioneer bandwagon occupied by the

We oldtimers remember some of the then twentyseven counties of the remaining members of the Nauvoo outstanding events of that memorable state. Brass Band, the Overland Stage, suroccasion. The badge was of gold and reprevivors of the handcart companies, the

At sunrise the first day there was sented typical figures in the early first fast mail, the Pony Express, the a national salute by the survivors history of Utah, including a portrait prairie schooner, the volunteer fire of the battery of the Nauvoo Legion. of Brigham Young. It was given as department, and the first streetcar.

At 9 a.m. the pioneers assembled at an insignia of honor to the pioneers, There were swimming, boating, and

the Old Fort Square, now Pioneer something to be handed down dancing at beautiful Saltair, a footPark. Of the 2,000 or more pioneers through generations of their families ball game at Becks'Hot Springs, basewho entered the valley in 1847, there as a perpetual reminder of the ball at Fort Douglas, and many

were in 1897 about 650 survivors asachievements of their ancestors. Folattractions at Calder's Park (now

sembled on the spot where the first lowing the presentation of badges, Nibley Park).

camp was made. After singing that Captain Thomas Dobson danced a High lights of a children's parade

old familiar hymn "Come, Come, Ye pioneer jig, and John V. Smith sang held the third day were a Mother

Saints"and having prayer, the surthe song of the handcart brigade. Goose float; a Sego Lily float; Peter,

vivors of the Nauvoo Brass Band Singing and prayer concluded the Peter, Pumpkin Eater; Little Miss

played some of the favorite tunes that services. The Honorable and Mrs. Muffet; and Ding Dong Bell floats;

once thrilled the Saints, including the William Jennings Bryan were guests Held's brass band; an Indian band;

Prophet Joseph, in the beautiful city of honor, and expressed their pleasure. floats titled "All Nations,""Fairy

of Nauvoo. As many as were able At 8:30 p.m. in the famous Salt Queen,""The Gulls and Crickets;"

then marched from Third South up Lake Theatre a fouract play entitled and the Fort Douglas band.

Main Street to the southeast corner The Charcoal Burner was presented {Concluded on page 603)

Assembled from the towns of Centerville, Bountiful, and Farmington are, (left to right): Walter Rampton, Fred

Meadows, John Chase, Lorenzo Schofield, Alma Hardy,

William Hardy, C. O. Rollins, C. H. Smith, Joseph

West, Peter Taylor, Edward Cottrell, Wm. Barber, and

Wm. Oakden. On horse at

left, B. H. Roberts; at right,

Joseph H. Grant. Driving

the Davis County Float, William H. Streeper and his son

William H. Streeper, Jr.

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thoughts (or your inspirational talk MAN

To every man there openeth God give us men. A time like this demands

A way, and ways, and a way, Strong minds, great hearts, true faith and

And the high soul climbs the high way, ready hands.

And the low soul gropes the low; Men whom the lust of office does not kill!

And in between on the misty flats. Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy;

The rest drift to and fro; Men who possess opinions and a will;

But to every man there openeth Men who have honor; men who will not lie;

A high way and a low, Men who can stand before a demagogue

And every man decideth And damn his treacherous flatteries without

The way his soul shall go. winking.

Oxenham,—John

A High Way and a Low Tall men, suncrowned, who live above the fog When I consider thy heavens, the work In public duty and in private thinking.

of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, For while the rabble, with their thumbwhich thou hast ordained; worn creeds,

What is man, that thou art mindful of Their large professions and their little deeds, him? and the son of man, that thou Mingle in selfish strife—lo! Freedom weeps;

visitest him? Wrong rules the land; and waiting Justice

For thou hast made him a little lower sleeps.

than the angels, and hast crowned him—J. G. Holland

with glory and honour. (A favorite poem of the late President Heber

Thou madest him to have dominion over J. Grant)

the works of thy hands; thou hast put all

is a man! how things under his feet: What a piece of work

All sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts noble in reason! how infinite in faculty!

of the field; in form and moving how express and adThe fowl of the air, and the fish of the mirable! in action how like an angel! in

sea, and whatsoever passeth through the apprehension how like a god! the beauty

paths of the seas. of the world! the paragon of animals! and

O Lord our Lord, how excellent is thy yet, to me, what is this quintessence of name in all the earth! dust? man delights not me; no, nor woman

—Psalm 8:3-9 neither.—Shakespeare, Hamlet,

Act II, Sc. 2

is the child of his works. A man—Cervantes, Don Quixote, Bk 1 Know this, that every soul is free

A man ought to compare advantageously ToFor choosethis eternalhis lifetruthand iswhatgivenhe'll be,

That God will force no man to heaven. with a river, an—Emerson,oak, a mountain."Conduct of Life"

The He'll call, persuade, direct aright, proper study—Alexanderof mankindPope,is man. InAndnamelessbless withwayswisdom,be good love,and kind,and light,

An Essay on Man But never force the human mind.

* * * *—William C. Gregg

Hymns Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday is born to be a man neither Saints, 90 He that should nor can be anything nobler, greater, or better than a man. Adam fell that men might be; and men

—C. M. Wieland, are, that they might have joy.

Peregrinus Proteus—2 Nephi 2:25

AUGUST 1957 583 Jesus Feeds the Multitude

(Continued from page 565) go back to Capernaum, while he sent led him back to the ship. As soon

At the conclusion of their first misthe multitude away. But they did as they were on board, the wind

sionary trip, the twelve apostles renot want him to leave and tried hard stopped and calm prevailed. What

turned to Capernaum to report to to persuade him to be their king. Still a marvelous experience! No wonder

Jesus what they had accomplished. he sent them away and went up into those who were on the ship fell down

About this time, possibly because he a mountain to pray to his Father in and worshiped the Lord and said, knew that Herod was seeking him, heaven. "Of a truth thou art the Son of God."

Jesus and his disciples again crossed Out on the lake the disciples were Early the next morning the multithe Sea of Galilee and went into the having trouble because a wind came tude which had been fed the evening desert near the city of Bethsaida. up from the west and created great before looked for Jesus, but finding

But the people learned where he had waves and prevented them from makneither him nor his disciples they congone, and thousands of them followed ing much headway. Into the night cluded that he must have returned

him, carrying their sick to him to be they toiled, rowing against the wind. to Capernaum, so many of them also

healed. Jesus had compassion on the Knowing of their plight, Jesus came got into some boats and crossed over

people and healed the sick and taught to their aid by walking on the surface the lake. Finding Jesus on the west

them about the kingdom of God. The of the water. When the disciples side of the sea, they said, "Rabbi,

day passed, and as evening apsaw a figure coming toward them on when earnest thou hither?"Passing

proached, the disciples of the Lord the water, they thought they saw a over their question the Lord told became concerned. They were some ghost, and they cried out in fright. them that they were following him

distance from a settlement; the peoBut Jesus said unto them, "Be of good not to hear his words, not even to

ple had undoubtedly been without cheer; it is I; be not afraid."see miracles performed, but rather to

food most of the day; there was nothSimon Peter then said, "Lord, if have their stomachs filled.

ing for them to eat; and they sugit be thou, bid me come unto thee on What an easy life this would be,

gested to Jesus that he send the the water."some of them must have thought, if

people away that they might go into Jesus answered "Come."they could just follow Jesus from place

the villages to obtain food. "And when Peter was come down to place and live by his miracles. They

Jesus said, "Give ye them to eat."out of the ship, he walked on the would never have to work, never have

But how could they? They had only water, to go to Jesus."to worry about making a living.

five loaves of bread and two fishes But this good man looked around The time had come to teach a great and not enough money to go into and saw the strong wind whipping the lesson to these people and to separate the village and buy food for five waves. In the midst of it he began the faithful disciples from those who

thousand people! But Jesus told his to doubt, and as he became more and were merely curious or were followdisciples to have all of the people sit more afraid his faith weakened, and ing him for personal gain. And so

down on the grass. And so they he started to sink. Jesus took this occasion to preach the

seated themselves. The Lord blessed "Lord, save me,"he cried out. great sermon on the bread of life.

the bread and the fish, and instructed Walking to him, "Jesus stretched "Labour not for the meat which perhis disciples to distribute them to the forth his hand, and caught him, and isheth,"he told them, "but for that five thousand. said unto him, O thou of little faith, meat which endureth unto everlasting

Picture the astonishment of the aswherefore didst thou doubt?"Then, life, which the Son of man shall give

sembled multitude as well as of the perhaps with Peter's hand in his to unto you": for him hath God the

disciples as they passed among the give him strength and courage, Jesus Father sealed."

people giving out the food. The Answering their question as to how

more they took out of the baskets, the they could do the works of God, Jesus fuller the baskets were. Surely here said, "This is the work of God, that

was a miracle the like of which the'ye believe on him whom he hath world had never before seen. The sent."It is hard to imagine that after

five thousand assembled people ate all they had seen they would ask for until they were all filled. Then Jesus a sign, but that is what they did,

told his disciples to gather up the and still not being able to get their food that remained so that it would minds off the things of the world, not be lost, and much to their amazethey asked Jesus to "evermore give us ment, when they had gathered it all this bread."

together they had filled twelve "I am the bread of life:"Jesus said,

baskets! "he that cometh to me shall never

Excitement among the five thouhunger; and he that believeth on me

sand grew as they realized what had shall never thirst."

happened, and as they talked about After further explanation Jesus it among themselves, Jesus knew what added "For I came down from heaven, was developing. Unless something not to do mine own will, but the will

was done the five thousand "would of him that sent me."He then precome and take him bv force, to make dicted his resurrection, as well as the

him a king."He therefore instructed Drawing by Major Benton Fletcher, from Lionel exaltation of everyone who does his

his disciples to get in the ship and A.Cust's& C.Jerusalem:Black, Ltd.,a London.Historical Sketch, published by will.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA All of this made the Jews angry.

They were looking for real bread, not for what seemed to their narrow minds to be double talk.

Again Jesus said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life."He further

explained his relationship to the

Father, the reason of his coming into the world, but many did not understand, or thought the doctrine "hard"and murmured against him-. But

Jesus knew who believed and who did not believe and probably spoke as strongly as he did, as was indicated above, to separate the faithful from the unfaithful. Large numbers of his

followers left him and believed in him no more.

Turning to the twelve Jesus said, "Will ye also go away?"Simon

Peter answered for the group saying, "Lord, to whom shall we go? thou

hast the words of eternal life.

"And we believe and arc sure that thou art Christ, the Son of the living

God."Answering them Jesus said, "Have

I not chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil?"

He was referring to Judas Iscariot, who he knew would betray him.

(To be continued) FLAMING HORIZONS BIND YOUR By Donovan Marshall I provement ErasCunrise...

earth is flushed The dawningWith hope and power} for years of future use

Resolved to set this day apart

With deeds. ONLY

Sunset earth... still glows $*JooThe

From efforts to achieve, And while man rests it plans to meet plus postage—at

New needs.

DESERET NEWS PRESS Leadership Development

(Continued from page 577) The valuable instruction and reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate

. 43certainly a change should be made. matterclose at inhandThe inImprovementbound volumeEraformwill forbe Up to 150 miles

It is unthinkable to allow the work of future use if you have each year's 150 to 300 miles.49

the Deseret to by bound handsomely miles 59 300 600 failsalvation to the issues merely because is cost Press. necesplus $3 The News miles to 1000 73 600

is office. in the otherwrong man 12 issues for bound. sary each postage On

to miles 1000 1400 88 orders with All accompanied be must is ishand, if the he but not best man to 1.06 miles 1400 1800 in the following advance. payment Use

getting results, adequate should we costs. to guide determine miles rate postage 1800 1.23 Over

2. Rerecruit: Think of this rerecruiting process as a businessman

it conductwould employee with an for losing moneywho was his firm. Deseret News Press

Why is the employee falling down? THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS

Does he understand exactly what is 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH (Continued on following page) AUGUST 1957 585 Leadership Development

(Continued from preceding page) proper materials with which to work?

expected? Does he want to do it? If not, he should get them immediateHas he any plans for improvement? ly, and we should know why he didn't

Will he agree to do it in the future get them before. Where is our orFOR YOUR HOME Thereon a mustone behundreda meetingpercentof the minds.basis? ganization4. Retrain:falling down?Training and re588) with 3. Reinduct: Does he have the (Concluded on page

VS%&?V?S<?$i?S?

I i pnce we paa Cm (Education—and tn

2 Richard L. Evans Cm

A mong the many questions at commencement, it is proper i - that this one should recur: Who pays for our education?

(And a corollary question, "Who benefits by it?") Both are *w

a matter of proper concern, with mounting costs to public

/ml f and parents and pupils. (As a sidelight on the subject, this

/ml i should be said: "The only thing more costly than education

i is ignorance."1 ) As to the student, by the time he has worked 2

i his way, and suffered long, and paid much in effort and timeTROPICBLOX

INFORMAL, ENDURING BEAUTY i and tuition, he might actually come to feel that he has paid i for his education. But this is far from the fact. No one ever

WITH ECONOMY i pays for his own education, no matter how much he conTropic- WAY! Precisioncut TROPICBLOX THEIT'S EASY is di- i tributes to it—because what comes to him from the past sparkling when appliedblox new interiors make rectly over dingy painted or papered walls. Their beyond price. Anyone—any student, any professional peror modern traditional with patterns harmonizeparquet is grossly education paid has thinks he for his own 2 son—who conplanning new schemes. color Whenmodes and for deceiving himself, skills, the the the knowledge,

provide a Cm They to see Tropicblox. surestruction, be tools, 2

proof privileges occupation, opportunities any and in them Use homebuilders. for ideabreathtaking new

it's goodbye house. in remember the And in 2 room trial toany us error and and come—truth—allany thefession—the

Cm Philippine with 2 Baylaun redecorating painting to and price incalculable larger the past has part been an from and off! right stains or dust wipe Tropicblox;Mahogany I trite a therefore for to use graduate, every paid them. 1 6"1 6"And squares precisioncut x Tropicblox are Baylaun

of Philippine Mahoganyfaced plywood. Each square I phrase in the sincerest sense, does owe a debt to society, a

sides, four slightly is beveled on perfect fitting. Avail- 2 debt to God and man, and to the immemorial past, and to Tanguile. or Red Lauan in White able

2 the eternal and everlasting future. We are our brother's

1 keeper. And our brothers of the past have done much to make us—and our Father also—and we do have real and

everlasting obligations to other people, and to the great purCm poses that move through time and eternity. Tangibly, mate- I

2 rially, intangibly, spiritually, every generation inherits more Cm than it produces. No generation ever pays its own way. On S

NEW WALLS OVER OLD WALLS this theme, Emerson said: "[It] is base,... to receive favors

and render none. In the order of nature we cannot render

benefits to those from whom we receive them, or only seldom.

2 But the benefit we receive must be renderd again, line for s line, deed for deed, cent for cent, to somebody."2 This is but I

another way of saying what occasionally needs to be said, and commencement seems the time to say it: that no man is s

STORE WINDOWS WAINSCOTING selfmade; and no student ever pays altogether for his own s

2 education, no matter how hard he works, no matter what 5 2 he brings to it. And in the working years ahead, there is an

earnest obligation to give sincere service—for there is no man /no

who is not a product of the past. There is no man who is

what he is except as many have helped to make him. COUNTERS CEILINGS Cm

/m} Distributed by i PRESENTEDJke S>pol?enOVERspokenKSL ANDworaWordTHE COLUMBIAfrom templeBROADCASTINGsquare mi

2, 1957 MORRISONMERRILL ii SYSTEM, JUNE i iAuthor2Ralph Waldounknown.Emerson, Compensation. & CO. Copyright 1957 i

Building Material Distributors 586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Get that ROYAL FEELING when you drive! Get

CONOCO ROYAL SERVICE OUR PLEDGE TO YOU:

.. To always give you friendly, expert, considerate service

Conoco Royal Service! A clean windshield, complete

underthe-hood check, tire inspection, cleanswept floor mats, clean rest rooms, and New Conoco Royal

Gasoline with TCP plus! You'll like treating

youi

PROTECTS AS IT POWERS! CONOCO in history plus. First with Gasoline TCP Royal New Conoco Hottest Brand Going! power.. to boost with TCP*. oilplating action exclusive to combine

as it cuts wear as it increases mileage! Try a tankful... todayl

Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company. 1957. Continental Oil Company

AUGUST 1957 587 leadership Development

(Concluded from page 586) training are the life of success. This

is the process by which understanding, skills, attitudes, and habits are established and improved. Constant, effective training makes work productive

and pleasant. When one is ahead

of his job, he loves it. When it is

ahead of him, he hates it. Thorough

training will increase every accom- \/ plishment. It will increase satisfaction. It will reduce frustration, discouragement, turnover, and loss of 3 big pluses number one time. It will also decrease the number

to add to the of God's children who will lose their c?.o bank interest eternal exaltation.

5. Constant Supervision: Are you

direction? their Do you know mm * wm ** your Availability ZION'S / in constant contact with those under weaknesses and strengths? Are lM you able to willing give necessary and C AllIMftC Experience W +* help to Safety *** bring about constant improve- M Insured

ment? 6. Remotivate: It is human naNumber One Main Street ture that people left to themselves

resic!ent p

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation sometimes run out of gas. They besavers David Q McKay>Member

come unwound and discouraged.

People sometimes get a kind of "battle fatigue."Most of us need someone

to stir up our faith, to recharge our enthusiasm and reinspire our purpose. The fires in our souls need to

\rr'be rekindled occasionally, and all of "for cruiselike comfort—go BJG-O.1 us need someone who is continuously

h interested in our accomplishment.

Largest and Fastest Liners to Many of the great business corporations report that their top leaders spend between forty percent and sixty AUSTRALIA percent of their time working directly with those under their direction to NEW ZEALAND help them maintain momentum and morale.

Your transPacific trip is a vacation in itself, The above processes should be conaboard any of Orient Line's Big-O express stantly studied and worked at. By

blissful and sea weeks of sunshine ships. Three

... an effective use of these steps we may... sports decks relaxing air on spacious

pampered by fine food and flawless British help ourselves to develop an inspiring service! Everything's on tap for your pleasure leadership which can be the greatest

... swimming pools, airconditioned public power for good in the world.

rooms, generous free baggage allowance, comfortable living quarters. Three classes. Tourist

roundtrip, from $554 to Auckland, $604 to

Sydney. Regular West Coast sailings, via Youth Deserve Noble Leaders

Hawaii and Fiji. See your local travel agent. (Continued from page 571)

FOR GLOBETROTTING: Orient Line connecyour calling. Catch sight of the options from Australia to Europe, with trahsportunity and glory in it. You need

Atlantic return in any Cunarder. to have zest for saving souls."

"The Part that Hangs Over"was the title chosen by Bishop Clyde D.

he asked line Sandgren was by when better Orient"There's no way to address O. President David McKay

Pacific!'the to cross the MIA on Sunday morning. Among

other things he said, "I recognize

CUNARD LINE General Passenger Agents in U. S. and Canadq (Continued on page 590)

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (S Guess what the girl with the peachesand-cream complexion

finds good, and good for her!

Nabisco GRAHAMS SUGAR Honey Grahams 2 LBS.

Available in oneand twopound packages THE because they're made with rich graham flour and pure honey! Who wouldn't have a flawless skin

when Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams are there for nibGRAHAMS tobling?snapAllintothebitesizeingredientspiecesare (lesspure crumbs).and countryWrappedgood. Scoredin six

InEr-Seal wax packets to stay crisp longer. Get a box today.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY AUGUST 1957 589 Youth Deserve Noble Leaders

(Continued from page 588) and appreciate—with you—that the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday look I Saints gives to its members unique opportunities to participate and to now you can.. develop qualities of leadership. * * *

"We are all different kinds of vessels, each with different capacities.

gospel of flows Christ Jesus in The of DIAL YOUR the shape and takes our faith. Some

of us have averagesized faith, while the faith of others is greater, but the COLOR SCHEME! spirit of the gospel can fill us to overflowing. Some react in enriched

BENNETT S COLOR HARMONY SELECTOR service to their fellow men, others in helps you create perfect color schemes creative activity, still others in leaderin a minute. Simply start with a color ship. But all of us are working toalready in your room—say that of gether as servants of our Heavenly

dial draperies. the turn Then to further to Father his work upon the

* * 1322 COLORS yourthat color. eyes before Right your you earth. *

with Anything in Ydur Hor ie!To Go

to colors see the use harmonizing for is "It convicmy my prayer—and walls. carpet, furniture, your Ask your

qualities the of leadership tion—that Bennett's the dealer Colyou to show

I that see exemplified in the MIA PAINTS wc&fiiwt. Selector. has or 1322 Harmony He leaders of assist the will Church the

Colorizer Colors to go with anything thousands of our young people who in your home! respond to their inspiration to withISjeMMEtlL stand the pressures of trial and

65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches temptation; that they will assist our

and dealers in the Intermountai n area and Southern California members to build lives of such breadth and quality that there will be a part to hang over and give comfort and warmth."

Elder Marion G. Romney of the

Council of the Twelve said, "Knowledge comes from two sources. There

is the knowledge we obtain through MY! The

the learning of men, which comes through our five normal senses, and Things Women it is wonderful to get that knowledge are Interested In getand allthe weLordcanhas getcommandedand learnus allto things. pleats to psychology. Everything from And it's \J

in of V edge,"Thereknowledgeis anotherof typedivineof knowlthings the to her all presented f women's pages \ your daily Deseret News. Mary Marker... which comes through a different proc-

\ Gladys Gardner... Margaret Masters... ess of learning than the normal

\ Sally Tailor... Emily Post. They're all senses of men. It comes through revelation direct from heaven. We

\ there to help her through the day with might call it religious knowledge.

expert advice. You can take pride There are two aspects to this religious

in your Deseret News. knowledge. One of them concerns

the great store of religious knowledge which we have in the scriptures from the very beginning, from Father

Adam's time until now. Through

the prophets the Lord has given, by revelation, religious knowledge, knowledge which concerns him, Burner Mswg which concerns the verities of life, which concerns the great gospel plan,

THE MOUNTAIN WE S T 'S LfadrH E W!SPAPEK the Redeemer of the world and his

i 9 mission.

"There is ancither aspect of this knowledge, this process of learning

is revelation, thatwhich and we call to witness Have you Changed to comesthe personal which a person."President Stephen L Richards of the First Presidency devoted himself to the missionary program and the?

MIA as an auxiliary that could provide training for missionary service.

He too praised the MIA:

"Improvement is the law of life, and mutuality is the true law of association, so that there is embraced fn both UltraPower Ethyl and Regular gasoline, you get a within your very name some of the new high in octane. You can be sure of all the smooth free

highest and noblest objectives that power your engine can deliver.

one could ask for an organization, and fasterYou getthanmoreever getup-andgo—warmups—smootherquickerthanthaneverevergetaway—starts-*

I believe from all the reports that protection against stalling and vapor lock.

life. You get newhave come to me that you are achieveconomyYou get newand greaterpower mileage.and longer engine

ing lofty purposes that were held in mind for your great establishment. The power's up let's fill 'er op.'

So I do commend the general, the stake, and the local officers upon the excellent work being done. * * * Let's GO

"We need hundreds and thousands with of replacements (in the missionary service), and I wish that you would be good enough to put before the young people of the Church the opportunity of preparing themselves for these replacements, to go out to help to carry forward and extend the great work which has been accomplished by our missions.

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, expressed his feeling of appreciation for the

MIA: "I am grateful for the Mutual Improvement organization of the

Church. We have had a marvelous

display, these past few days, as it has been my privilege to visit all of the You expect more from UtocO general sessions and two departmental and you get it! UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

sessions, to see faithful, devoted 'fellowship.'We had a great example last evening of this, as it was my

privilege to attend the glorious music festival-—2,128 young people, averaging in age, seventeen, participating in

ifthis glorious building under the baton Ever think what would happen of one individual at one time."

fire were to lay waste your home, President McKay's final blessing and admonition came like a benedicSee the friendly Agent of the tion to the entire conference June proceedings. attended went UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. All who

home with his challenging words and in your locality. He will he glad to help you check your

his great spirit firing them to do betpolicies. Qr sce...

ter in leading lives of righteousness themselves and in their positions as HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

officers and teachers and members to General Agents bring increased knowledge of the 20 South Main—Salt Lake City

gospel to those who attend MIA.

AUGUST 1957 Priesthood

THE PERSONAL MISSIONARY APPROACH

Brother John Doe was an inactive up the hose connection on his radiher into the picture. There is an imelder. He had been soured on ator. Afterward he thanked him, portant reason for this, which we will

the Church prior to his marriage, paid him for the gasoline, and drove mention later.

and later had married out of the away..For some weeks the Jones family

Church. He smoked, drank some, A week later he came back. He still continued to patronize the service

and worked or went fishing on Sundid not introduce himself. He was station and build up a little more

days; he was a gas station operator. merely a customer at the gas station. than casual friendship. Soon the

When the presidency of his quoAgain, however, to impress himself Fourth of July arrived and Brother rum began to develop their personal upon Brother Doe, he thanked Jones and two other men, both active missionary approach, they came to Brother Doe for tightening the hose elders, planned a fishing trip for the his name and wondered how best to connection, saying that it had not holiday.

handle the matter. leaked since and that he appreciated Brother Jones went to see Brother

In an effort to win Brother John the good job. Doe and asked if he would like to

Doe back again into regular activity, He continued to buy gas there, go on the fishing trip. He said that

they studied all of the white cards coming in about once a week, and by three men were going, they'd like to for active men to find one who would this time the two men were beginning have a fourth, and they'd appreciate best fit into the problem. Finally to strike up a casual acquaintanceit very much if he could join them.

they came across the name of Robert ship. Brother Doe accepted, and they all

Jones, who was about the same age One day Brother Jones brought the went together on the fishing trip.

as Brother Doe, and whose wife was car in quite early and asked if it They had a good time. Religion was

of a type who might strike up a could be washed and greased and not mentioned. It was merely a time

friendship with Mrs. Doe. They also made ready by noon; his wife desired of getting together and forging a

had a son who was about the same to call for it then to go to an afterfriendship between Brother Doe and age as a son of John Doe. noon social. John Doe went into two other active members of the quoThe quorum presidency called in his office and came out with one of rum, although Brother Doe did not

Brother Jones and asked if he would the long sheets used for service on a realize it at the time.

be willing to undertake the work. He car and said, "And what is the name,

said that he would, but that he please?"Brother Jones drove his car. He

at off elders other the dropped two to his talk wife aboutwished with first the time Brother This was first as returntheir they were homes involved. as she be wouldit inasmuch his given he name, Jones and had trip, as the then from he ing and was his talked with and went homeHe it as as a a visitnot customer, gave

to his house, taking Brother he Doewife, that agreed they they both and ing his man. gave he Church When fishing said, fine a "Well, we've had assignment. the undertakewould said, address, Brother and name Doe trip,"agreed. Brother and Doe fairly Brother however, Jones, was live close quite 'Well, here."you

new in the town and was not acBrother Jones replied, "Yes, my Brother Jones said, "What do you quainted with John Doe, so that he home is very convenient to your stado with your fish?"Brother Doe said,

had the double problem of becoming tion.""Oh, I guess we'll eat some and

acquainted in the first place, and Brother Doe said that he would freeze the rest. What do you do with

then of trying to bring about some have the car ready for Mrs. Jones yours?"

Church activity on the part of Brother when she arrived at noon. When Brother Jones replied, "Well, we do

Doe and his family. Mrs. Jones did arrive, she was dressed not have a deep freeze at our house,

As Brother and Sister Jones talked in her Sunday best and made a fine so we'll have to eat our fish right the matter over, they decided that the appearance. She walked up to away. I've been thinking, how would

best thing to do would be to begin Brother Doe and said "How do you you and your family like to come over patronizing the service station operdo. I'm Mrs. Jones. I have come for to our house tomorrow night. Let's

ated by Brother Doe. So Brother our family car."have a fish fry, and we'll eat up all

Jones went over to the service station Brother Doe lifted his hat, acmy fish?"

and had his car filled with gas. He knowledged the introduction, and Brother Doe liked the idea, but

appeared merely as another customer said, "Yes, your car is ready. I will insisted that his wife help with the

and did not introduce himself. He get it for you."meal. Brother Jones said, "Well,

merely ordered the gas. However, in The car repairs were paid for and that's all right. Suppose I have my

order to impress himself upon Brother Sister Jones drove off. Brother Doe wife call your wife on the phone and

Doe, he asked if he would tighten had now met Sister Jones, bringing they can make whatever arrange592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ments are necessary."Brother Doe

thought that would be all right. EDITOR'S NOTE

When he got home, he told his invite attention of the the Melchizedek Priesthood to Elder We

Sill'swife about the proposed fish fry and Sterling series, "Leadership Development"on W. this month

that Mrs. Jones would call her. Mrs. page 576.

Doe immediately wanted to know what kind of family the Jones people were; what kind of woman was Mrs.

Jones? their wives present, but there were the priesthood quorum, so he said,

Because of the fact that Mrs. Jones two other couples also. Each of these "Well, you see, I belong to an elders'

had been into the service station for other active elders was working with quorum over in the ward near here.

the car, Brother Doe was able to tell a "John Doe"of his own, and they I know that all those fellows drive his wife something about her, which had brought them and their wives cars; some of them patronize service

was very helpful. with them. Therefore, there were stations operated by their friends, but

The next night the two families got three active couples and three in- I'm sure that others go to service together on a party basis and had a active couples at the party. stations just because they are congood time. Again, religion was not Again, there was no religion menvenient, without any friendship inmentioned. All was on a strictly sotioned. It was strictly a house social. volved. I believe I could get some

cial basis. They had a good time. The inactive of those fellows to become regular

Some weeks later Brother Jones couples discovered that they could customers at your station."

went into the service station and said have a wonderful evening without This, of course, pleased Brother to Brother Doe, "You know those felsmoking or drinking or card playing. Doe.

fishinglows us the were with on who to Brother then Jones back went after this short time when A of said,Fourth Brother July?"Doe the president, the quorum was who at service Brother stathe Jones was said, Brother"Yes."Jones "They of the chairman personal welfare tion, to Brother Doe mentioned him their to are wives overand coming his of told committee, conand him that business poor. getting very was little for next Friday aour house Brother said with Doe. He I versation said, Brother "Well, Jones maybe like forparty. very We'd much you it if half a be wonderful would dozen

that."help out can Brother with you to wife yourand come."of in the the were men quorum who said, alcan Doe "How accepted, couple the and The Doe to you—you're servregularly not going any one

all giving business?"ready your me infollowing Friday the found them ice station regular could become

home of Brother and Sister Jones. Not This was Brother Jones'first opcustomers at the John Doe service

only were these two active elders and portunity to bring in the matter of station. This was arranged, with the

understanding that each man would go to the station, introduce himself by name, and indicate to John Doe that he was there at the request of

Brother Jones and that he was a member of the elders'quorum.

This procedure was carried out and further cemented the relationships between Brother Doe and the friends he had made from the quorum.

A little later Brother Jones came into the service station and told

Brother Doe that there was to be another party and that the group which had attended the last party would all attend. He asked if Brother and Sister

Doe would like to join. He said, "Of

course, we would be glad to go. Is

it going to be held at your home again?"Brother Jones told him that this was going to be a larger group and that it would therefore be held at the meetinghouse. It was a social to

be conducted by the quorum to which

Brother Jones belonged and to which (Concluded on page 606)

Engaging in a variety of activities with the family of an indifferent quorum member may be an essen-—Three Lions Photo tial activationearly stepprogram.in the reAUGUST 1957 593

vie Presiding

Challenging Records

Study Guide for Ward Teachers

August 1957

"The Standards of the Church"The standards of the Church are the standards of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

The teachings of the Savior when he was on the earth in person and the teachings he has given to the world through the prophets since his crucifixion and resurrection have established the standards of the Church. These

standards should be the standards of every member of the Church. How

nearly any person comes to living in accordance with these standards determines in large measure how deeprooted are that person's convictions and understanding of the truths of the gospel.

Church standards include strict honesty in all things—in our personal Jay Eastman (left) is a teacher in the

affairs, in our dealings with our fellow men, in our thoughts and in our Woodruff Ward, Woodruff Stake. He has

actions. Truth and honesty are synonymous. The truths of the gospel of a perfect attendance record at priesthood

Jesus Christ cannot and do not condone any departure from the standards andhalf Sacramentyears. WilliammeetingsRimafor three(right)and isonea

of honesty. priest in the same ward and has- a perfect

Under the standards of our Church anything short of sixteen ounces record at the same meetings for three years.

is not a pound; twelve inches are required for a foot; and thirtysix inches,

for a yard.

Our moral standards demand strict chastity and personal purity. Impure Senior Members

thoughts and immoral acts are in direct conflict with Church standards. A

true Latterday Saint is clean in thought and action. Desirable Leadership Qualities

Our religious standards demand faith in a Living God, belief in the

Savior and in his divine mission, acceptance of Joseph Smith as a prophet for Group Advisers of God and his successors as prophets, respect for the priesthood, respect for the commandments of the Lord and the teachings of his servants, respect of for the of day, observance Sabbath the law tithing, observance of the The*- qualitiesfollowingshoulddesirablebe cultivatedleadershipby its of institutions, loyalty to the and Wisdom, Church, Word and its leaders.

These standards form the code of living of true Latterday Saints. The all who work in the program for

happiest, most satisfied, and most blessed people in all the world are those senior members of the Aaronic Priestwho live according to these standards which never change. Being based hood.

upon truth, they cannot change. 1. Faith. An abiding faith in God,

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR SEPTEMBER 1957 in fellow men, and in self is a quality

Thrift without which one can hardly attain success in this program.

of virtues is thrift. the most desirable One of This quality of character brings 2. Unlimited Vision. The ability success selfcontrol. happiness through and Its opposite grief, sufferbrings worry,

ing, and humiliation. Thrift is not miserliness. It is the wise use of money. Every to see the end from the beginning, to

member of the Church should strive for financial independence. Every person look beyond the dark clouds of oppart of his save a should parallel income. Saving should earning. Every family position, discouragement, and despair live a system budget should adopt and then that budget. within

and see the glorious sunshine of accomplishment.

3. Resourcefulness. The capacity

to make each encountered obstacle a

Sacrament Prayers Should Be Spoken Audibly steppingstone to success.

4. Perseverance. The ability to

/\ne of the most impressive features Those who are assigned to officiate keep on, to think always in terms of -'of partaking of the Sacrament is at the Sacrament table should be insuccess, and never to consider the posto hear the words of the prayers structed to speak with sufficient fulsibility of failure.

spoken clearly and distinctly. When ness of voice to be heard by all those 5. Diplomacy. To know what to

these prayers are audible, we are having normal hearing. say and do and when and how to say

made more conscious of the covenants Since priests are assigned this reand do it is important in dealing with we renew by partaking of the Sacrasponsibility most of the time, and inothers. This skill in social relations

ment. We are also more cognizant asmuch as the bishop is president of will help you make and hold friends.

of the blessings promised to those the priests quorum, he should inTact is a combination of judgment, who keep the Lord s commandments. struct them in this matter. sincere love, and keen perception.

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishoprics Page

Perfect Record Sacrament Service Is Official Meeting

For Members

Cacrament meeting is the official we must live in obedience to this comworshiping assembly for members mandment.

of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatThe climax of each Sacrament terday Saints. It was instituted in meeting is the administering of the

this dispensation by divine law. The Sacrament, whereby we partake of the

Lord was referring to this meeting emblems of the body and blood of when he said, Jesus Christ in remembrance of the great sacrifice which he made for us.

And that thou mayest more fully keep Only through his atoning sacrifice

CHALLENGING RECORDS thyself unspotted from the world, thou are we redeemed. From the beginshalt of prayer go to the house and offer up ning, Christ's Church has pointed to Ross H. Gibson, a priest of the West thy sacraments holy day; upon my Weber Ward, North Weber Stake, has For verily this is a day appointed unto this great event—first, by the estabachieved a perfect attendance record at you to rest from your labors, and to pay thy lishment of the law of sacrifice in the

priesthood and Sacrament meetings for five devotions for to the Most High. (D & C 59:9- of Israel, the children code Mosaic

years. 10.) sacri- a prototype of the was which

Make Message One We cannot with impunity disregard onfice Calvary;to be accomplishedand second,bythroughthe Saviorthe

institution of the Sacrament Jesus by of Good Cheer thisChurchinjunction.who is Everyphysicallymemberableof theis after his resurrection benefit for the

HPhe complex nature of modern under obligation to attend this weekly of the members of his Church then service. Children, adults youth, and now. and A civilization stress to exposes us

this asat be alike should present to attend Sacrament mandate The pressure. live and of us Today some Saints. of the sembly meeting with a is a commandment in almost state of an perpetual

anxiety. Even the farmer who is reRegular attendance at other Church promise. It is one of the highest

puted to live the most tranquil life meetings in no way excuses us from points of our worship, and those who is now subjected to tensions. Prothe responsibility of attending Sacrasteadfastly observe it share in the

fessional men have clients constantly ment meeting. If we expect to regreatest spiritual blessings bestowed

pressing their doors. main in harmony with the Church, on the faithful.

Workmen of various skills strive to meet deadlines. Salesmen are assigned high quotas. Discipline is a

problem of those who teach a restless brood. Housewives struggling to Outstanding Teachers Quorum Honored

live within a limited budget are confronted with increasing costs. Add to

these the dilemma of radio and television news reports warning of approaching crises. No wonder nerves

are frayed and tensed.

With conditions of this nature affecting one or more members of most families, ward teachers should strive to make their visit pleasant and their message reassuring. Fears should be

allayed rather than intensified. The

gospel is a message of hope. There is

much in it for everyone to cherish.

It is appropriate to review the blessThe North Ogden Kiwanis Club honored the teachers quorum of the North Ogden ings that come through obedience. Firstfor perfectWard,attendanceBen Lomondat priesthood(Utah) andStake,Sacramentfor outstandingmeetings devotionfor one year.to theTheChurchyoung menand

Ward teachers should pattern their were honored at a special dinner.

seated Leaders left row, to right, include, on front Berrett, vicepresident H. Wilbur message after that of the Savior, "Be of Kiwanis of and chairman service Church committee; vicepresident Chadwick, John

of good cheer."of the Campbell, club; Reed adviser; Wallace quorum guest Montague, speaker.

AUGUST 1957 595 Eileen Gibbons Editor

Nutrition and Our Senior Citizens

by Hazel Stevens NUTRITION CONSULTANT UTAH STATE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH

number of her citizens over 60 has quadrupled. In Utah, for example,

there were 47,735 individuals 65 and over in the 1956 census, approximately 6 percent of the total, and a 117.9

percent increase since 1930!

Life expectancy grows continually longer. In Roman Empire times it

was approximately 29 years. Now it

is about 69.

Yes, long life is becoming commonplace. But there is little point in

prolonging life unless health and mental vigor are also prolonged.

Awareness of the nutritional needs of the older folk is essential. Those who

have had sixty or more birthdays should take advantage of what is known about their nutritional needs.

This knowledge grows continually and assures our senior citizens that if they eat well, they will have greater strength and usefulness, making the longer life forecast for them much happier.

At Michigan State College, Dr.

Margaret Ohlson and associates made jt. W- %. - *'studies of dietary records kept by older

Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts women in good health and older

women (same age) who were less healthy. They found a definite reWhatever your age, you will feel Many recent nutritional studies lationship between the quality and

better by eating better. Adehave been concerned with older quantity of food eaten and the vigor

quate nutrients in the diet mean adults, and rightly so. In 1954, apand work capacity.

million Americans, 50 feelings proximately zest, greater vigorgreater and is aging that of us can say None population, the of less onethird success, about andof happiness and

It is everybody's his concern. these, over. 28 not or years Of 40 fatigue. werelistlessness and

are still there although business, and over, with the million 55 and food were "It's to late our change too habits now,"say some of our senior number steadily on the increase. many gaps in knowledge about the

citizens. "We've been eating this way Population projections forecast that aging process, there is mounting eviof nutrition of the importance of 55 dence age past the elders lives.all our

effect Many on this process. and its in 1965 and 34 million differently, We knowbut—we should America'smay number donehave

To this group, we ask: Is it ever 41 million in 1975. specialists in the field of geriatrics

too late to make a change if it can Within the past half century, while (study of old age and its diseases) mean greater enjoyment from life? the US population has doubled, the affirm that poor nutrition speeds up

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the rate of cellular changes and may speed premature symptoms of old age.

Much is said and written about the Cinderella body's needs in infancy, youth, and early maturity. This is because these

needs have been better understood.

And we must continue to emphasize good nutrition in the younger years because it has so much to do with our older. wellbeing we are when -Hie Magic Starch the authority Stieglitz, an onE. J.

(faultless Vers/on)problems of the aged, says, "We are O today because of our yesterdays, and Once upon a time there lived... when they ironed. So Cindy

the older we are the more yesterdays a lovely girl named Cinderella. asked her mother, "Mom, howwe have had."The more "yesterShe was beautiful—but ironing come?"And her mother said,days"of ill health in our youth, the

less likely we are to have good health day left poor Cindy frayed to a "Child, use hot Faultless later on. Improved nutrition after frazzle. Now her sisters didn't Starch! It makes ironing a

too!"forty or sixty cannot possibly repair have nearly as much trouble... whole lot easier—quicker,

all the damage incurred by deficiencies before that age.

Just as studies among schoolage children show many of their diets to be lacking in nutrients, investigators have indicated that the diets of many oldsters also need improvement.

Nutritionists are making continually greater efforts to reach the grandfathers and grandmothers, and those in charge of their care, with information on their nutritional needs. Meanwhile, research continues. Well, Cindy scooted off to the... hot Faultless Starch saves 20

Diets of a group of 65year-plus grocery store and got a big box minutes or more of ironing time

Boston living andmen women in in a of Faultless Starch. And when—and that's where time counts! tolow moderate economic area were she got home, she found out hot You see, hot starch penetratesstudied and found short, especially in Faultless Starch takes only 20—goes in, not on the fabric,calories, calcium, riboflavin, iron, and

ascorbic acid. And in New York City, extra seconds to make, but... the way cold starch does!

as a result of further study, low income persons 60years-plus were rated **.5*: si.low in all nutrients studied. Studies w-

show that many of these lowincome persons get their needed calories, but from nonessential foods instead of essential foods. They therefore suffer mm*TARC|5

from protein, mineral, and vitamin deficiencies.

Although some older folk living alone are unable to buy all the essential foods, most of them could with guidance in selection and preparation Now Cindy knows how easy If you'd like to save 20 minutes improve their diets, without increased ironing can be. She finishes all or more of ironing time, use hot

income. Complete information on the dieof her ironing so quickly, and Faultless Starch—Blued and

tary requirements for later life is not feels so good she has plenty of Perfumed, or regular white.

available because there are many time to put on her pretty little You'll find hot Faultless Starch questions about specific needs still unglass slippers and go to the ball! is the easiest starch to iron.

answered. However, the Food and

Nutrition Board National Research

P.S. Clothes look "justironed"longer, too,

Council's recommended daily dietary allowances, in 1953, are helpful. (See when you use hot Faultless Starch. You'll

following page.) not only feel less tired after ironing with

You will note in this chart that the Faultless, but you'll take a new pride in caloric requirement is less as age adyour family's appearance, when you switch (Continued on following page) to hot Faultless Starch. Try it. You'll see!

AUGUST 1957 597 Nutrition and Our Senior Citizens f Special Ward Prices! \ (Continued from preceding page) the maintenance of body functioning

/ ChinawareGlassware \ varices,are approximatelybut that otherthe requirementssame. The andnot generalgenerallyhealth.classedAndas water,a food,whileis

i Silverware i caloric allowance of course must be essential to good elimination and genadjusted to individual needs, as detereral wellbeing.

Folding Chairs mined by weight. Caloric requireHow easy it would be to blame

See ments may also be influenced by the tiredness, chronic illness, and even physical condition of the individual mental depression on aging, when poor nutrition was really to blame! "——and by the fact that the ability of

1/ the body to utilize what it receives That about body changes that ocwith individuals and usually v varies w cur with age? Some studies inlessens with age.

dicate that as age advances the fat W. H. As people grow older, and fewer

of increases, content the which body beoverweight needed, calories are is change accompanied by a gradual real hazard. Heart disease, a comes BINTZ CO. in content. decrease water Other

the leading cause of death in America, changes, such as the following, are favors the overweight. The overweight are more likely to have also common and can affect the body

tire more nutritionally: line than others. They of all types of diabetes veryNOW! complete Our Basal metabolism change, lowering glasses, utensils, cutlery, china, serving extra pounds carrying quickly because

dishes and everything for the complete of tolerance to environmental temextra requires effort, and their bodies table at greatly reduced kitchen and now peratures, lessened physical activity, special prices for Also wards. faster. LDS out prices wear

on our complete line of folding chairs to lessened circulatory efficiency, desolve your seating problems. Take adAdequate protein, right in quancreased nutrient utilization in tissues,

prices of these vantage remarkable now imporis extremely quality, by tity and gastric in excretion, decrease impaired in, calling or writing the coming W. H. studies years. in later tant (Some loss of teeth Bintz Co. sometimes juices, and

is protein needed indicate that more problems. other denture and 3rd 433 West

rein a restricted calories are South when greatly factors can External which CITY SALT LAKE diet.) deficiency protein ducing A nutritional person's influence older an 3-5821 EMpire anemia, and weakness may cause ecoinclude status eating habits and

fatigue, edema, and possibly is imnomic situation, change in income, portant in susceptibility to infection family surroundings, housing proband disease. One study of 577 healthy lems, confinement to the house, emoindividuals over 50 years of age tional problems which interfere with

levels their hemoglobin showed SKIN outhappiness, to be comfort mental and

If are PROBLEMS?troubled with dry, rough, you directly dietary correlated with their habits acquired throughout look, and itching scaling or skin or are an adolescent with skin troubles and have given protein and iron intake. (The 65 life.

in despair, althinking no up daily product protein gram would recommended food be set in their Older folk may relieve skin, or heal your then you owe a weight lowance on for men is based it patterns established try to to yourself habits, following H OINTMENT. & M

of allow143 the pounds, 55 and gram this druggist Your has marvelous healing not. Asor poor are they whether

will ointment gladly and refund your for 121 ance pounds.) on women nutritional sisting toward more them if renot you are pleased money with

vital to the are iron and Calcium It is sults. it is to less use, pleasant odorless and easy, but not be meals may

skincolcr. aged. Many senior citizens rate low difficult if we remember certain

in these minerals not only because of things:

low intake but also poor utilization.

Loss of calcium may lead to osteo- (1) Variety in eating is always a 60plus for those rule, especially SATISFY. of ABSOLUTELY fragility bones. good GUARANTEED TO serious porosis and H

is it at Get order your drug*Mstore, or a good from old. Seven years decrease The Basic acidity gastric and Lowered

in selection wise, varied ages, guide, but as a person in enzymes, digestive & H LABORATORIES M important, is also kinds and amounts absorpinterfere calcium with may 151 EAST 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH 1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00 tion. These reasons may justify the as is variety in the way foods are prePOSTPAID increase of daily calcium intake from pared.

.8 (see chart) to one gram or more. (2) Mealtime for the older person

Vitamins are always important in is frequently a welcome break in his

Ascorbic RiboVita- IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

Acid flavin Niacin A Th i amine Age Calories Protein Calcium Iron min

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple gm gm mg I.U. mg mg mg mg

sore throat and other minor mouth Women 25 2300 55 0.8 12 5000 1.2 1.4 12 70

and throat irritations. 45 2100 55 0.8 12 5000 1.1 1.4 11 70

65 1800 55 0.8 12 5000 1.0 1.4 10 70

Men 25 3200 65 0.8 12 5000 1.6 1.6 16 75 HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah 4565 29002600 6565 0.80.8 1212 50005000 1.51.3 1.61.6 1513 7575

OKKWXVMWOOPOWOOUKXiOft 598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA life, and the variety, color, and service associated with it can stimulate an appetite.

(3) Individual consideration, where possible, usually makes an older person happy.

refusal criticism to eat or (4) A of Ice Cream At Its Sundae Best! is of oftenfood hurt a means showing

feelings or emotional upset.

(5) If older people are weak, bedridden, or in poor physical condition, their food should be easy to handle and consume, tasty and attractive.

(6) Sweets and rich desserts are often preferred by older folk, as they are a reminder of past pleasures; thus

kind persuasion is needed to encourage the eating of essential foods.

A Suggested Daily Food Plan (A guide in planning diets to meet madeThis favoritewith TownedessertPrideis doublyToppings.simple,Fordoublyneverendingdelicious

the needs of groups or individuals variety, keep all 5 flavors—chocolate fudge, pineapple,

strawberry, butterscotch and chocolate syrup. They'reshould as a desirable be interpreted

FUDGE mates natural ice creamgoal rather requirethan a definite 'Top d i ng ment. ) Toum$pride toppingsMilk—At least one pint daily (whole

milk, skim milk, or buttermilk).

Use plain, in milk beverages, and

Eggs—Onealso in cooking.daily. At least five weekly. Use alone and in cookery.

Meats, fish, or poultry—At least one MAIL COUPON

serving daily (3-4 ox. ); frequently

two small servings. Substitutions GRIND FLOUR

should be either cheese, dried peas, dried beans, or lentils. > AS YOUFruits—Two or more servings daily. S>

sure in asis rich of these one Be IT!

acid corbic (vitamin in—NEED C), found

such foods as citrus fruits or toThe Secret matoes. of a

Truly servings. or threeVegetables—Two

leafy Select both green yellow Nutritional and

Bread is types. FreshlyBreads and cereals—The amount will Ground

vary with activity and individual <bs.nd fox ou.x dLiii.tia.hzd bzoctiuzE Flour

need, Use whole grain or enriched

flavor. Household with superb Get a LEE onein moderation. About

Electric Mil]. flour FlourFats—Usebread. of qotvni. foi hits. JLJ><> tuzddinq. Your own household stone mill grinds flour as your

honest of bake. your. Assure. familygrind you an is dZuzTuttilnq joi has. biids. ah: a person a week half pound

loaf! an average amount, but some older Automatic Portable folk may need to curtail fat intake. Write todayEconomicalfor prices—free recipesElectricand food

facts.Sweets—Not necessary, but in moderSave on introductory offer, send coupon below

ate amounts in simple desserts with check or money order for choice 5-lb.

should not be harmful unless physipackage—stoneLEE ENGINEERINGground the COMPANYday it's shipped.

cian instructs otherwise. Milwaukee, Wisconsin

Lee Engineering Company, Dept. IE-4

Sample Menus Suited to the 2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee 1, Wis.

Senior Citizen.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.50

60 East South Temple.... Wis.-Minn. Flour, 5-!b. pkg. Pp. only $1.00

Note in these menus that ease of Salt Lake City, Utah Name handling, shapes, colors, and textures are important. "Across from the Church offices and Street

Lion House"City State..

(Concluded on following page) AUGUST 1957 599 Nutrition and Our Senior Citizens

(Concluded from preceding page) Winter

Spring Sliced bananas in orange juice

Poached egg Grapefruit, fresh or canned Toast

French toast with egg omelet Hot milk

Milk Salmon loaf Buttered beets and beet greens Escalloped potatoes

Fruit and cottage cheese salad Green beans

Whole wheat bread and butter Whole wheat bread and butter

Milk Milk Canned peaches Creamed tuna on toast Cream of tomato soup

Hot stewed tomatoes Cheese sandwich

Applesauce or Navy bean soup with toast SAFEWAY Jello with fruit

IS A FRIEND Summer "Add years to life and life to years"

OF THE FAMILY... AND Frozen orange juice withcornerstonegood tonutrition.happy living.Health is a

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER Cheese omelet

Toast Poultry farmers in Utah and Idaho Milk have needed friends the past two or three years. With an overabundance Baked fish

of eggs, prices have been discouragingly Buttered peas low for producers. Mashed, whipped carrots

Safewoy has helped to meet this Corn bread, buttered serious form problem, not only by selling Corn flakes with berries and top milk locally produced eggs in the local SafeMilk way Stores but also by shipping and selling Utah and Idaho produced eggs in Wyoming, Nevada and Oregon. Vegetable plate—

green beans Safeway's purchases of eggs from fresh tomatoes

Utah and Idaho poultry farmers far buttered carrots exceeds the eggs sold in all Utah and

Idaho stores. cheese wedges

cold meat for year, instance, Last $1,150,- some Bread and butter in purchased were from eggs Utah 236

Apricots, canned or fresh farms and $233,170 from Idaho farms.

That would make a $1,383,406 omelet and a substantial factor in solving the The following useful materials are egg problems of the two states. available:

Older People, Eating Is Fun for

In addition, has Safeway wholeFall

Dietetic Association, 620 American in participated heartedly the various

North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, promotions to increase the local use Cantaloup sections and sale of eggs. Cooked oatmeal in milk Illinois, 25 cents; Group Feeding of

Top milk the Aged, Evaporated Milk AssociaSAFEWAY IS A FRIEND Toast tion, 307 North Michigan Avenue,

Chicago, Illinois; Food Guide for

OF THE FAMILY... AND Older Folks, Home & Garden Bulletin

S. Department of Agricul- A FRIEND OF THE BrownRoast gravybeef ture,#17, 5 U.cents.

or baked rice FARMER Steamed References: zucchini Buttered

Enriched bread and butter: Baskt, Henry J., M.D. "Nutrition News."

Chilled custard Vol. 20, No. 2, December 1956.

Harwitt, M. K. "Diet Needs of the Aged."

Milk Journal of American Dietetics, Vol. 27, No. SAFEWAY 5, May 1953.

Creamed eggs on toast Keys, Ancel, "Nutrition for the Later

Years of Life."Public Health Reports 67:5,

Sliced or diced tomatoes pp. 484489, May 1952.

Fresh peaches "Report of the Conference on Human

Hot milk beverage Nutrition."Columbus, Ohio, 1952.

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Better Than We Think

ukt,eal Home Canning Wax is SatisfactionGUARANTEED!

Trying to break or shave a bulky bar of old fashioned paraffin is a thing of the past! With

modern SureSeal in pellet form it's easy to select just the amount you want.

NO WASTE! Melts

by Christie Lund Coles faster, too!

WORDS ARE POWERFUL THINGS, WHICH

MAY BUILD UP OR DESTROY A CHILD'S

IMPRESSIONABLE SPIRIT. *o.M

:||flEE going through my late father's they love and need can be inconIneffects I came across the first letter siderate. gyri boxYoursojf forSureSealthe askingHomewithCanningevery

he ever wrote to his father. It was It is so easy to lash out, to take Waxten atcentsyouringrocerscoin (10Oor sendto:

printed in a boyish, penciled scrawl our frustrations about other things and with great care. Among the few out upon the only ones not capable |& THE Suh&i&eatCORPORATION

North Lake Avenue E-l 232 chilfighting hit of back. are sure thatthings Mopt. remark he said was a We

California Pasadena,!>\

will forget forgive. forcibly. dren said, "I try rather do andme He We

to be a good boy. I am not as bad not know how deeply damaging our SURESEAL CANDLE WAX IS TOPS, TOO!

as Grandma thinks."words can be. Any psychiatrist's

I thought of his sensitive, gentle casebook is full of happenings that nature and how it must have hurt seemed simple at the time but did him to have his old and ailing grandalmost irreparable harm.mother (who could not even speak his A child may assure himself and VITAMINS

tongue) think he was in any way a others, "I am not as bad as she"bad boy."thinks,"although within himself the MINERALS

I remembered my mother telling doubt may take root, and he may Drink them in me of a frustrated, old maid aunt eventually reach the point where he will defiantly strive to that bad, be to was unkind her; who,who when juice delicious form—use a unconsciously strike to trying back.

certificate a brought mother homemy JUICER Speed SWEDEN years told many me how A womanfor the being in outstanding student suffered her there are because once had your age, Whatever class,her snatched it from her sayshe in for nutrients you natural said, "You're unthinkingly, mothering, credit don't deserve "You juices any of carfresh-made the salt."individual your worth Every apples, cabbage, rots, celery, it this!"for her not must have hurt How

natural tbeir true etc. tell Enjoy similar. But could something youstrangely proud, forthright yet nature, flavor delicious with goodness, are those the lucky ones rememwho Fully Juicer. praisea nature that needed Speed a Sweden unand

it. The unguaranteed. An ideal gift.derstanding. ber, who talk about

fortunate ones are those who are hurt

I little of another thought And boy so the deeply that hide even they in seconds. Juice into the house wouldn't comewho to it operate Easy of eventually it comes and memory k to clean. Easy I I visiting. wentwhere was When or in illness maladjustment. out

out and asked him why, he said that Words are things, powerful things, his parents had told him he would to build or destroy the pliable stuff of u.l.APPROVEDa C.S.A

just act stupid if he came in a child's impressionable little spirit.

Nearly every day, we see parents While there is still time, give your At leading departand relatives who hurt and belittle child love, give him faith in himself andment,healthfoodappliance children, who speak disparagingly of instead of distrust, let him not carry stores,free folder.or write for

them in their presence. It makes the defensive, heartbreaking thought,

cringe,one's heart to "I as thinks."one wants she and bad as am not

22978BO PAT. NO.

is protective them,put a innately child every around arm For PENDING better CWCDCIUWSPEEO JUICER OTHERS almost a silence so that they cannot than we know, much better than we SWEDEN FREEZER MFG. CO.

hear, cannot know that those whom think. DEPT.JI-6 JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH.

AUGUST 1957 601 a

i alt are falrierdtL fori? 2 WL

I I Richard L. Evans |

I Tn writing to the question "What Are Fathers Made Of?"1 I

So good for babies 1 A Paul Harvey has given us some delightful pictures and 7 impressions: When school grades are not "so good as he

...that Special l thinks they should be,""He scolds his son... though he

knows it's the teacher's fault."1 "Fathers grow old faster

than people."cry, 1 Fathers can't "While mothers can cry Morning Milk

it shows."1 "Fathers are give what daughters away i where

other digest, to easy nearly men who are not So good enough Special Morning... so they i to 1 can have grandchildren that are smarter than anybody's."

is the only evaporated Milk milk

Our compliments to Paul Harvey for some memorable im- I especially developed for babies... l pressions of what fathers are made of. And now to another

the only evaporated milk with extra i question, with some thoughts of ours on "What are fathers for?:"Vitamins A and D added in the their i to Firstchildren—cleanof all fathers andare forhonorable.giving a Fathersname andarea forheritagelong,

amount doctors believe best to help i hard work, mostly their own kind of work; for not being

promote sound bones and teeth and i home so much as mothers; for seeming to be pretty busy

and for trying to give their children things that fathers never build xesistance to disease.

i had. Fathers are for talking with, for encouraging, for putting

arms around; for understanding mistakes, but not condonAsk your doctor about Special ing them; for disciplining when needed, then loving all the I

Morning Milk for your baby! more; for being strong and forceful, and for being tender I

and gentle. Fathers are something that mothers choose for I

i us to be our fathers; for us to bear their names; for us to 1

7/ KITCHEH CHARm carrymothers,the imprintthey willof allchoosethat theyfor usare.theAndkindif mothersof fathersare wisewho

a belief, so background that and common different WAXED PAPER ii shareeach won'twith themteach us things, so there conwon't be flict and confusion, so that children and families and hearts KEEPS FOOD

FRESHER LONGER! mothersand homesand won'tfathersbeto pulledbe wiseapart.enoughSomehow,to know thiswe expectbefore I

they choose each other to be our mothers and fathers, so I that in loving to loyal and being both, them won't we be I apart. pulled is so for: There fathers that are to love much

us, to listen to, to keep our confidences; to help to plan our

l purposes; to help to make them possible—and for being loved, I

and for being shown a warm and wonderful appreciation.

i (From our earliest years we remember praying to a kind I

I Father in heaven, who loves his children, who made us in I his image, who wants only to give us happiness.) Another I

thing that fathers are for is not just for now, but something I we were meant to belong to—all of us—always and forever. I

All this is what fathers are for—and so much more un-

1 mentioned.

,—1 Jhe Spoken Word FRom temple square

1 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

I SYSTEM, JUNE 16, 1957 I Copyright 1957

1 by The1PaulHeritageHarvey, Foundation,Remember TheseInc. Things: "What Are Fathers Made Of?", published

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS OF HOUSE WfVf $... G*\

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS 602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wtot* Memories BtW (Concluded from page 582)

On the fourth day there was a parade of counties. Each county of

the state was represented by a float depicting its products and achievements. Eight brass bands participated,

the smallest and noisiest of them all being the Davis County band. The

incomparable Lorenzo Schofield was bandmaster, and Charles O. Rollins,

drum major. There were field sports

at Becks', fireworks at Saltair andLagoon, entertainment by a company guarantees a spectacular pergaveof Arabs, who ONLY BERNARDIN COMBINES for you dancing.formance, and FEATURES good canning 5 SAFETY THESE

Lid snaps down the 24, 1897, day, July The fifth resistant food acid enamel white Sparkling on the tells a you good...vacuumshows andhas

offiftieth arrival of the anniversary protect the Lids helps surface of Bernardin food Snap reached. been

if Lid up snaps can. of foods vacuum the values nutritional you is flavor and valley, pioneers in the a gloriousthe

recan. lost. cause and Correct tells sight Signal Safety you and by Snap twoway The feature theparade crowning was stickof Lid slides out without

if seal, safe the warns a you have you sound when by to use. ing... ready jubilee celebration.the newsThe

.. is correct to in the cause seal lost time. warns of you coating side white Food

paper report said it eclipsed in length, food acid resistant enamel. and recan.

beauty, and diversity any parade vacuumLive latexseal.rings give highThese exclusive Bernardin features guarantee good

ever given west of the Mississippi. At canning... yet you pay no more for Bernardin than

8:30 p.m. there was a spectacular disyou would for ordinary caps and lids. You'll find

play of fireworks on Capitol Hill. Bernardinsizes at most2piecegood Capsfood andstores.SnapLayLidsin ain supplyall popularnow

There were also bicycle races at for the season ahead.

Becks', baseball at Fort Douglas, Arab entertainers at Saltair, and boating Tfome hfwm# CAPS AND SNAP LIDSand dancing at Calder's Park. berNARdin BERNARDIN BOTTLE CAP CO., EVANSVILLE, IND.

EVERYBODY LOOKS

Handy Hints BETTER IN

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

If you need to repair a hole in a sheer curtain, cover the hole with white paper, and with the sewing machine stitch back and forth over the area a number of times.

Simply launder the curtain to dissolve the paper. Mrs. I. B., Marquette, Michigan. mon/toe

If interrupted you are ringing by the of.FOLDING FILMS!the doorbell or the telephone frosting whilea cake, cover your bowl with a damp cloth BANQUET DEVELOPED

the frostingand will not harden.—Mrs. TABLES and PRINTEDE. M., Lansing, Mich.

Kerosene will soften boots and shoes that have been hardened by water, and will Send Coin Only render them as pliable as new. Mrs. M. M., - No C.O.D.'t

New York, New York. MONEYBACK GUARANTEE!

SAM'SP. O. BoxPHOTO1115, Dept. AALAB Are your favorite vases dull? Rub them

with a piece of flannel on which you have Salt Lake City, Utah

TRUCKSpoured a bit of floor wax. Mrs. N. W., Los storingMONROE For

truck the wayTablesAngeles, Calif. easyeither modernFoldingtables handles

rion of EachandConstruestorageChairs chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage Transport Truckspace. in limited

Truck No. T$

frosting cookies When and cakes cup their inquiries to the THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Units Church may direct for children, 47 East Department, Purchasing use a Church small paint to brush decorate. This saves frosting as well as South Temple, Salt Lake City 11, Utah.

time and helps do a neat job. Mrs. S. M., THE McWlO COMPANY $2.50 a year 3.00 foreign

Rexhurg, Idaho. 249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX, IOWA

AUGUST 1957 603 The Kingdom of God and Mam""'"''The Kingdom of Heaven

(Concluded from page 559) "And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of

God should come, he answered them and said, the kingdom of God cometh not with observation:

"Neither shall they say, Lo here!

y/S/S/*"or, lo there! for, behold, "?"*,'""""VS/MMX///""'"'the kingdom *Jie //////J

y,,///////////////////// is within you.""of God

This should be "the kingdom of

God is among you."This is the

marginal reading in most copies of the Bible and this is the interpretation have your children seen the Prophet Joseph Smith has placed upon it. The kingdom of God was

among them from the time John went forth proclaiming the coming of Jesus

I of sins. the Goldfish Christ and baptizing for the remission

he's part of the fun The Lord made it clear to Nicoof family dinner in the demus that the kingdom of God, his

COFFEE SHOP church,but by revelationdid not comethroughby observation,the Holy

Ghost. A man must be born of the

Hotel Utah r water and also of the Spirit before he

Max Carpenter, Manager can enter that kingdom. That means

that he must be baptized and receive the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, for this is the door by which we enter that kingdom.

Without the guidance and inspiration given of the Spirit, men fail even to see that kingdom. It seems a strange

thing, when the principles of the gospel are so plain, that so many cannot see the truth and remain with the false teachings and traditions of the world. Autumn Quarter "Call upon the Lord, that his kingday school and night school dom may go forth upon the earth,

CLASSES START MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9 that the inhabitants thereof may reLDS Business College offers aggressive, individualized instruction, modern office equipment ceive it, and be prepared for the days professional the latest methodsand... in an atmosphere of friendliness. Girls wishing to come, in the which the Son of Man at the immediately.reservations should apply dormitory

shall in heaven, clothed come down Longhand Proof HySpeed Accounting: Bank IBM SELECTION WIDE IntroductoryIntroductory ShorthandShorthand GreggGregg andand Electric Standard in brightness the his of glory, to meet

. and. (machine(machine StenotypyMenotypy AdvancedAdvanced r\C\Jf DIICIMECCDUjIINEOJ,Typewriting shorthand) Accounting Federal Tax is set the kingdom which up of God SUBJECTS Plus others Office Punch Machines IBM Key many

on the earth.

"Wherefore, may the kingdom of

God go forth, that the kingdom of heaven may come, that thou, O God Business CoCCege mayest be glorified in heaven so on LDS 70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765 earth, that thine enemies may be subdued; for thine is the honor, power

and glory, forever and ever. Amen."12

31 -Sept. Tour LDS Aug. 8 Whenever you move- (To Sept. 12 $40.00 more)

Send your old mailing label toinc.HAWAIIHotel, Pan American 299Airlines Round gether with your new address to

Trip LAHonolulu, and much more.

Free Brochure THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

California Intermountain News Street Main 50 North

Calif. 1023 N. Western Ave., Los Angeles 29,

Salt Lake City 16, Utah "Lukefc-'D & C17:2021.65:5-6.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA amaae—dutu—and the ideal s1 Daunes Music

1 hove atfirst touch endianna the Conn s Richard L. Evans

s W/e have come through another season of commencement, "and another season of many marriages, and have been of life: I retaught—or should have been—a profound lesson

that every ending is but a beginning. In considering the

beginning of many marriages, earnestly we could wish that all of these very beautiful beginnings would be dedicated topose—andthe idealweof haveenduring,a rightalwaysto suppose—thatand forever.eachLet marriageus supis in the first place, made in good faith, with enough love

and respect, and other real and solid reasons, to assume that it was meant to be a lasting contract and commitment. The

sacredness of the marriage covenant suggests no semblance or shadow of separation. But what happens to cause two 1

I people who have solemnly and sacredly given themselves to i each other, then to pull apart—or later even to pull their

children apartwhat disillusionment and delinquency, with heartbreaks and hardships? No one ever said truly and no

one ever promised truly that marriage would be all moonlight and music. There are problems and sacrifices, and selfin and try the new

Minuet today. Its denial and difficulties and duty—and adjustments that all ComeCONN

of us must meet, that all of us must make. And a marriage, power and beauty of tone

once it is made, is no time for a letdown in life, but for a will thrill you. Your ability

to "make music"on your of greater kind consideration courtesy. kindness and and No first try will astound you. safely to neglect. marriage can subjected be marriage No The Minuet available is now

should be subjected to unkindness, or sarcasm, or ridicule, 1 with the new "percussion"

I or any act of inconsideration. And finally let's not leave 1 effects—chimes, guitar and

other voices. many it Play subject the something saying duty: about without Duty I you'll and decide to own it. partly word, seems to have perhaps become an unpopular arranged. Cm Terms

I because of the pursuit of personal pleasure. But it is a 2

duty to pay a debt, and the law enforces it. It is a duty to Conn

live up to a contract, and the law enforces it. And it is a 31

duty to make marriage work—and in doing so one cannot 2 I

consider himself only, nor the present only. He must con-

I himself, on children, does—on 1 Daunes Music 1 reaches of the future. on And sidereveryone—intothe total effect theof whatfarthesthe

when two people enter into this sacred covenant and contract, they had better order their lives to find pleasure in 1145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PR0VO Salt Lake City

doing their duty. (Anyone who has lost the capacity to find

I pleasure in his duty has lost much in life.) To you who are

I beginning—and to you who are well along the journey: HavWE OFFER...

ing accepted a sacred obligation before God and men, with A COMPLETE

SERVICE ENGRAVING sacred solemn covenants and live and commitments—then

Missionary Portraits to the Largest a sincerity and love and work with of soul, with prayerful- I Catalogues.From

I ness and cleanliness, with high character and kindliness, with Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention good morals good and of marriage a make manners—and I CO. UTAH ENGRAVING dedicated career of satisfying sweet and solid and accomSt. 1 231 Edison Salt Lake plishment, always and forever. City, Utah

TEMPLE ZEALAND NEW 50 DEDICATION lAJord Jke Spoken from temple square Air American Pan TaxInc. 999 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING Inc. hotel, sightseeing, most meals, much

This chartered a more. nonscheduled SYSTEM, JUNE 23, 1957 is schedulednot a personally but escorted Copyright 1957 flight

for tour especially LDS on America's most experienced airline.

5 5 1023CALIFORNIAN. Western INTERMOUNTAINAve. Los AngelesNEWS 29

AUGUST 1957 605 The Personal Missionary Approach

(Concluded from page 593) be close to their boys. Brother Doe

these men who were now buying accepted the invitation. This was his

gasoline from Brother Doe also befirst Church appointment.

longed. It was arranged that the enDuring the autumn, arrangements

tire group which had been at the were being made by the ward Relief

Jones party would go in two cars Society for their opening social. Sister

together and attend the quorum party Jones was on the music committee as a group. and had arranged for a trio to sing.

When they arrived at the party, She asked the Relief Society presithe reception committee included dent's permission to invite Sister John some of the men who were buying Doe to be the accompanist for the the gasoline. Immediately the servtrio. Sister Doe therefore was brought

ice station operator felt at home. in as an accompanist for the trio, and

Later Brother Jones asked his son thus she became acquainted with the if the son of Brother John Doe was other women in the group. When

an active Boy Scout. The boy said, the day came for the opening social,

"No."Brother Jones asked his son she performed very well, and a numto interest the son of John Doe in ber of people congratulated her greatscouting and try to get him enrolled ly warming up her feeling toward

in the troop. This was done, much the group.

to the enjoyment of the son of John A short time after that two of the

Doe. women stake missionaries who were

One day while getting some gasoappointed to that area called at the line, Brother Jones mentioned to home of Sister Doe. Their introducBrother Doe that the boys seemed to tion at the door was a congratulatory

be enjoying each other greatly at the reference to the excellent manner in

Boy Scout troop meetings. Then he which Sister Doe had played the sesaid, "You know, I like to go with my lections for the Relief Society. Sister

as as I can. boy I wonder much

in. pleased and invited was them if Doe

isn't there could get some way that we After they about the Rehad talked closer to our boys, inasmuch as they'll lief Society social for a while and had be going hiking during the summer."asked Sister Doe to play them a numBrother said that he Doe would THE LOS TEMPLE ANGELES said, piano, they or the ber two on

like to close rather to his keep in boy as that thought inasmuch we "We ISSUE 35c AVAILABLE AT this if activity also, outdoor that were this that passing were would we way possible. of issue Era This Improvement The in like to Possibly see drop you. and

lasting has value and permanent and Brother then Jones asked Brother like to a little about would you know deals with, only the not Angeles Los if interested in Doe be he would beall also the but temples with Temple, missionaries."as our work

the Church has built or that are ing on the Scout troop committee in planned for the near future. case there was an opening. Brother Sister Doe said that she would be

fullcolor pictures beautiful Eight interior showing scenes Los Doe indicated his willingness. willing to hear. The missionaries of the new

Angeles Temple are included and are Brother Jones then went to the took out their flannelboard presenting first in color the ever released the by plan. lesson in the missionary the first officials, told situaof the them MIA

gifts for Church. marvelous They make

so well that Sister did the work tion, if they asked and could use two They relatives friends or in the should be and library of every Latterday Saint family. more men on the troop committee. Doe was interested and asked them

direct from the Order Angeles Los the They indicated that they would be to come back. Bureau sending of Information by

coupon or the information contained in glad to have them, so Brother Jones From then on the entire family beit together with the proper remittance. went back to Brother Doe and excame interested and active in the

plained that there was a possibility Church, and eventually Sister Doe of their working together on the was baptized. This brought a new Los Angeles Bureau of Information

10741 North Temple Way troop committee, and thus they would spiritual life to the whole family.

Los Angeles 24, California Please send me postpaid Gown in the Attic copies of the Special Los Angeles issue of Temple Improvement The (Continued from page 581) glowed as Aunt Priscilla's did. I think

for each Era at 35c which I am en- "No one?"she must have stood still for five solid

closing $. "I've selected you, Aunt Priscilla."minutes in front of that old wardrobe

I to try describe won't Aunt how mirror. Name Priscilla that there looked day up There isn't much more to tell, but

attic I the that on. with gown Address... in

guess only society reporters can do I'm happy to report that, although

City State. such as that. I'll say that I don't this took place quite some time ago,

believe anybody's eyes and face ever Aunt Priscilla is still very much alive 606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and kicking; in fact, she never looked

better. And once in a while, when

she does seem to slip a little, when she looks kind of wan and not herself, I'll ask her please to put on the wedding gown again. I give her a

few minutes, and then I follow her up to the attic, and there she is, all dressed in white, her face flushed and her eyes sparkling away, and I know that she has come to life all over again.

Table Queen Bread gives you maximum energy and food These Times value—because it's made the

new "richmilk"way.

(Concluded from page 546) Add to the pleasure of interLondon of banning atomic tests under mountain scenery by enjoyconditions of international inspection. ing sandwiches made with Rich in

revival of interest 6. A new in Nanourishing Table Queen milk

tionalist China, and Kaishek's Chiang Bread.

situation on Formosa, was evident in the

United States. It was suggested that

here was perhaps the only regime in the ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Salt Lake City Ogden world that had tried "coexistence"with the USSR (not once but twice) and had still its retained independence (despite loss of all its territoryenormous save aFormosa). to everyoneGIFTwho opens a savings

7. There was announcement of US account of $100.00 or more or

plans to withdraw its forces from lapan. adds a like amount to his present

However, this could strengthen the US account here.

and the general anticommunist posiOFFER LIMITEDtion in Asia. In the meantime, there ACT NOW!

nowas disposition American to withNEW itsdraw 7th Fleet from the Formosa

Straits, its great bases on Okinawa, nor its positions in South Korea.

8. At home, the Congress responded

to President Eisenhower's appeals and CARTRIDGE PEN enacted his foreignmilitary-economic with matching automatic pencil and 4 ink cartridges aid proposals, symbolizing additional US determination to stand fast in current STATE SAVINGS, 56 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

overseas programs of mutual assistance. Enclosed, find $ Add to my

9. The US public gained an intimate present account. Open.an account for me. Send to

view of the Soviet leader, Nikita me the new Sheaffer cartridge pen and matching pencil.

Khruschev, in a remarkable television Name interview arranged and carried by CBS.

He looked, acted, and talked like a Address normal, intelligent human being. But AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

American public opinion did not go City Zone State. SALT LAKE CITY

through the sentimental or emotional gyrations that could have been expected.

Instead, the impression seemed to be that of simple fact: Khruschev had appeared on TV on a Sunday afternoon. Bind Your Eras for 1956

Americans seemed content to weigh the fact and put it in their heads for future use. Very few viewers "bought"anySubscribers who wish to bind the 1956 volume of THE IMPROVEMENT

thing. ERA are informed that the annual index is still available. Order

10. There is hope that Americans are

no longer looking for panaceas, for your index by sending your name and address to escapes from reality. Khruschev's TV

appearance was firm reminder thatreality is with us. Thus disarmament THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

may be carefully approached as one means, along a very wide front, to 50 North Main Street SALT LAKE CITY 16, UTAH achieve a more durable system of adPlease enclose a threecent stamp.

justing existing tensions.

AUGUST 1957 607 There is hardly anything in the world that some man cannot make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.—John

Lack of pep is often misRuskin.

taken for patience.

—Frank McKinney Hubbard Who dares to teach must never cease to learn.—Inscription

over entrance of New Jersey Teachers'College, Newark.

The trouble with many people in trying times is that they

stop trying.

If a man could have half his wishes, he would double his troubles.—Benjamin Franklin.

You never know what you can do without until you try.

—Franklin Pierce Adams

You needn't worry about a revolution in this country. It

takes mass hate of superiors to foment a revolution, and where can you find even one American who thinks he has Money often costs too much.

superiors? -Emerson

We do not know what to do with this short life, yet we menPantingon a andtandemperspiring,bicycletwoat last reached the top of a steepwant another which will be eternal.—Anatole France.

hill. "That was a steep climb,"said the first, breathing heavily.

"It surely was,"said the $>$?*

other. "If I hadn't kept the B&.

brake on, we should have gone backward."

If you could display your mind,

To sell it, from a rack;

Would others buy it from you,

Or look it over word Then put it back?

It was as helpful as throwing a drowning man both ends We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us

of a rope. now commit it to life.

—Arthur (Bugs) Baer—Edwin Markham

I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than The reason why worry kills more people than work is that

he was yesterday. more people worry than work.

—Abraham Lincoln—Robert Frost

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A letter of Thanks

by Arlene Teeples

Dear Friend,

Tonight is my wedding night, and I'm the happiest girl in the world; not just because I'm married to the most

terrific fellow imaginable, but because he's mine for eternity, thanks to you.

Perhaps you won't remember, but I know you'll care, because you must have been that kind of person. I don't

know who you were or which role in my life you played.

Whether you were my patriarch or bishop, my Sunday

School, Mutual, or Primary teacher, or just a very wise friend, I know not. But I do

know, you were the person who first planted the idea of marriage in my head. temple So easy! 50% more jam the person who You were

cautioned me never to accept the proposal of a man who...and fresher flavor

wasn't worthy or didn't want to marry in the temple. because you 1 oil only 1 minule with SUREJELL or CERTO!

I thought of you often through the years, but never as much as today when I left the temple grounds. I remembered your advice and was

thankful my mind and heart had heeded it. I thanked God

for you and your wisdom. To

you, my unknown friend, I owe my lifetime of happiness; Recipe: perfect homemade peach jam. Peel, Stir in 5 cups sugar at once. Bring to full

my eternity of joy. pit and crush 3 lbs. fully ripe peaches. Mix rolling boil. Boil hard for 1 minute only, stir-

4 cups prepared fruit in very large saucepan ring constantly. This short boiling time

with 1 box SureJell. (Or use liquid Certo—means less juice boils away—so you get tip

recipe on bottle.) Stir over high heat until to 50% higher yield, and the flavor comes

mixture comes to hard boil. through fresher—with SureJell or Certo!

WHO WALKED WITH HIM Your choice!

By Mabel Law Atkinson SUREJELL powdered natural fruit pectin 'The Master's hands held our world in plaee..r CERTO soft caress of his gentle face,The

The quiet peace of his calm embrace liquid natural fruit pectin

Made a shrine of our childhood home. Pectin causes jelling.

We heard his voice in the lark's glad note, Remove from heat, then alternately stir and Amounts of pectin in

That curved on the breeze from the southskim off foam for 5 minutes. Ladle into fruits vary.

wind's throat, glasses. Paraffin at once. Yield: 9 medium Wtttft But no guessing with

In the river's lyrical rote, laughing glasses, pennies a glass for mere! And

sang singing with theAnd loam you're yrtgr SureJellrecipes youor Certo.get with either results with sure of perfect powdered

Our father who walked with him each day SureJell or liquid Certo! Products of General Foods

Bade us to know him along our way.

"SHARING THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE"

HAPPY FAMILIES DO THINGS TOGETHER

'Roundand-'round and upand-down... makes Beneficial's "Planned Futures"gives you that

you dizzy just watching, doesn't it? This feeling can important feeling of "getting ahead."

during be fun an occasional visit to the amusement straightened out to financial circles can be Those

... park, but to a Planned course straight a beautifully chart

feel around the same way sometimes you Do. for you'll want the.. providing money Future

dollars the. when every month billpaying time for fun, travel for and education, children's your

just never again, you.. and out in go right and come Life Beneficial can agent retirement. Your your own

seem to be getting ahead? help you plan to save money regularly as you can

allimportant feeling of that afford, and gain best

Send today for informative folder on "Planned Futures."

soon. Call him ahead.""getting

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah Please send me a copy of your free folder, "Planned Futures. BENEFICIAL UEE

Name Street or RFD David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City Zone State