/MmprouementlEraVOL 4B, ND. 6 o JUNE NINETEEN HUNDRED AND FDRTYFIVE

NOVEMBER 22, 1856 PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT MAY 14, 1945

.

KNOW THE VALUE OF A PENNY"

SPEEDY

That's Thr-r-rifty of the Flame Family, speakin'... a braw lad and Savespreciousyou

daily.canny! Every day, in many ways, he saves for you. * Gas fuel costs no minutes

more than before the war, although living costs have risen as much as

CLEANY 32 per cent. Taxes, too, have soared; but the trend in gas rates, under Lightens housebusiness management, has been consistently downward. * And so cleaningwork, cutsbills.

Thrifty gives you the luxury of ample hot water at low cost... puts

STEADY clean, carefree househeating within the means of all... and, in the is always on

kitchen, saves food as well as money. Your silent gas refrigerator dethedependable.job..

pendably preserves food; your heatcontrolled

gas range efficiently cooks it: reduces shrinkage, FLEXY

is master of flexible heatconserves nutritive values, brings out the flavorcontrol. *

ful goodnesst wtsr**** that minimizes foodwaste. * Put

Thrifty and the other gas flame quints to work WW W L yur new home. Make it modem.,, allgas. mfWlJ m

.DEPENDABLE

CLEAN MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPA N Y

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Persons sensitive to poison plants such as poison ivy or oak and swamp sumac can be made resistant to the itching inflammation of the skin that comes from touching these plants. Daily injections of one of the extracts, or the

chemical urushiol from the lacquer trees of the Far East, given in increasingly large amounts, do the trick. But once

poisoned, continued use of the extracts makes the victim worse instead of better.

Tn the clearest ocean water, suspended plants can only grow down to a depth of three hundred feet under water, while plants growing on the bottom can grow in depths of 480 feet. At 750 feet below

the surface there is only a hundredthousandth the light on the surface.

Fish can see down to about fifteen hundred feet and complete darkness for man's eyes is about two thousand feet 4mm down. The marine shelled animals can't

tell the difference between day and night below about two thousand five hundred feet.

TZho is responsible for starting forest vv fires? The former chief of fire control of the United States Forest Service,Roy Headley, reported that smokers QUALITY

caused one quarter, incendiarists one quarter, debris perfourteen burning cent, lightning eight percent, campers (PLUA, THE six percent, railroads four percent, lumbering two percent, and sixteen percent miscellaneous and unknown.

npHE ideal water temperature range for dry fly fishing is from 50 to 65 degrees Fahrenheit. According to W.

W. Michael when the water reaches

74 degrees it is almost impossible to interest a fish in any artificial fly.

'"pHE manuscripts found in Egypt dating from the third century A.D., for

the Christian writings, are about fifteen percent on rolls made of papyrus paper, seventyeight percent on papyrus sheets in book form, and seven percent on THAT'S WHAT YOU parchment sheets made from carefully prepared sheets of leather, in book GET IN form. The nonChristian were almost

all on papyrus rolls. A century later the BENNETT GLASS &

Christian manuscripts were rarely writPAINT CO.

ten on rolls, but twothirds of the time on 65 West First Southpapyrus in books, and the use of parchPAINT at Bennett Branches and ment had increased to onethird, with a Dealers in Utah and Idaho similar trend for nonChristian manuand ZCMI Paint Department scripts.

JUNE, 1945 321 Jhe Ccover full color process THEportrait Presiof dent Heber J. Grant

which appears on this month's cover is reQnipTenSTbra called from the Era of November 1 936—the JUNE, 1945 VOLUME 48, NO. 6

special issue which honored President "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"the occasion Grant on—Photograph by

eightieth of the anniOfficial Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Roberts H. Armstrong

versary of his birth. Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

14, of the Day, Flag portrait, of Teachers, and Other Agencies one The Church of Jesus Christ of JUNE

Latterday Saints will to much mean his favorites, the was work of John Willard people throughout the

Clawson, and the origworld in 1945 because inal, in oil, has hung of the valiant part the for a number of years United States has on the Board Room in played in championthe Church Office Jhs (Ldttor'd f-aoe best,ing democracy.the flag is mereAt Building.

are grateful We for Concerning President Heber J- Grant 331 lydreamsa symboland ofaspirathe the privilege of honoring in death, as we did tions, the ideals and the in life, our senior editrealization of the peoor, the Lord's latterple who respect it. To

day prophet, President Lkurch jreateatured all citizens of the

States, United the day Heber Grant—and

bring should solemn throughFrontispiece: President Heber J. Grant 330 we knowJ. that

determination to assure this out the Church rePresident Albert 332 Smith George GrantHeber J.

continuity ideals of the will production be apClark, President Grant Jr. Heber J. J* Reuben this 333 which have preciated, made cherished,

and preserved as a President Heber J, Grant David O. McKay 334 country worthy of resymbol of a character President George Albert Smith Becomes Eighth President spect.

truly great whose passing and of the Church 335 * we mourn whose life we, have Who Was "Uncle John Smith"? Milton R, Hunter 336 Executive and Editorial

been privileged to Restoration of the Melchizedek Priesthood John D. Giles 338 Offices:

share. Python Eggs Marvin O. Ashton 343 50 North Main Street,

Salt 1, City Utah. Lake

Reconciliations: * Evidences and Are We XCHI—Why Editors Copyright by 1945 MuCalled People? 349 Widtsoe a Covenant John A. Heber J. Grant tual Inc., Funds, a CorBorn: poration of the of Young of the Favorite Poetry 354 Some Ward Teaching

22, 1856 November Men's ImproveMutual President Column..351 329 Grant NoLiquor-Tobacco Heber

Died: ment Association of the 352 Church 345 Genealogy The Moves J.On

14, 1945 May - - of of Church Christ Jesus Priesthood: 355 Melchizedek Music 350

George Albert Smith Aaronic 353 Latterday Saints. All

rights reserved. SubscripPresident George

tion price, year, $2.00 a Albert Smith has auin single advance; 20c thorized to us anSpecial jreateatured copy. that nounce he has

consented to serve as Entered at the Post

Office, Salt City, Lake 340 Sagebrush Dunes to Sand Winsor From The Improvement XutherM as Utah, secondclass senior Era's editor (a HI... Indian 342 Juanita Brooks Southern The Mission—Part for matter. Acceptance position also filled by Square....Richard L> from 346 Evans Temple The Spoken mailing Word special of ot rate his immediate two

in postage for provided in predecessors the the Exploring Universe, FrankContest Poetry Announcesection of 1103, Act OcPresidency of the lin S. Harris, 321,356 Jr ment tober, 1917, authorized Church, Grant Heber J. Tribute Father, Hints Ken356 Handy A to My 1918. 2, July President and Joseph S. B. neth 323 Corner, Bennion Cook's Josephine

F. Smith) and that Conversations at TwilightNichols 357 The Improvement Era

"The Editor's Page,"Friendship, Alice LeCornu....324 News from the Camps......358 is not responsible for unestablished, now long manuscripts, but Appreciation, Homing: Music 359 solicited Knowlton Jim My Father,

will carry messages contributions. welcomes...376 Price Louise Ours Page and Bell....356 Your

from him. (See also All manuscripts must be

page 335.) accompanied by suffiJohn A. Widtsoe (L*ditonaii cient postageand return.for delivery

Managing Editor Richard L. Evans President Heber J, Grant (18561945) John A. Widtsoe 348 NationalRepresentativesAdvertising Editors Associate

Marba C. Josephson June Days Marba C. Josephson 348 Francis M. Mayo,

William Mulder Salt Lake City (on leave with the armed Edward S. Townsend,

forces) San Francisco and General Manager Los Angeles George Q. Morris storied, [-oeti y Dougan and Bolle,

Associate Manager Conversations at Twilight—Friendship Alice LeCornu 324 Chicago and

New York Lucy G. Indian Southern Juanita Cannon The Brooks 342 Mission—Part III

Business Audit Bureau of Manager Kid! Don't Be Afraid, Lloyd Rosa Lee 344 Member,Circulations D. John Giles

Poetry Page..326

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4 tribute TO MY FATHER

By KENNETH S. BENNION

OneriedNovemberfrom theafternoonschoolhouseI huras soon as classes were dismissed, cut across the playground, crawled through a pole fence into a little shed where my black pony, Polly, waited impatiently to begin the journey to my home at the foot of the mountains, eight miles away.

The wind was strong from the south, the direction we had to travel. Clouds

hung low, and already the storm was starting down from the higher peaks.

By the time I had covered half the distance, flakes of snow began to fall in the valley, and they were whipped along in horizontal streaks by the stinging wind from ahead.

A few minutes later we rode into the advancing storm. Snow fell so thick it

was almost suffocating, and the wind was so strong I could hardly face it.

However, Polly ducked her head and kept galloping on as fast as she could. I

was not prepared for such a storm, so

I turned up my coat collar, pulled my hat low, and heartily wished I were three miles farther along the way.

The snow soon became three or four inches deep, and the pony slowed to a trot. Driving snow, thick as fog, made "Though the thunder of cannon

. 'were yet heard no more, listeners it everywhere impossible road at "DADIO to see the for me

people..... no long enjoy would

all. struggling onward, Polly continued L. Evans'Richard fruits will want the of except peace, on

the basis of napersonal and discouraged. rapidlybut growing was Spokbook,... and "The new tional righteousness."

intense that coldThe was so my legs, L. Evans off press. just the en Word/'—Richard

hands, and face became numb. I could Like the first two in the series,

reins, bridle the longer hold but hadno the Hills Unto This Day and the horn. saddle overto hang them

the Always, and volume is a I The to dark, and wonIt began grow of the philosophic, compilation the reach ever I coulddered whether literary, spiritual and CO. all I couldshelter home. It was gems BOOKCRAFT of my

do to stay in the saddle. Slower and that are a part of the worldSend me the books checked below

". Spoken The Word"idea went. whetherslower no I had famous Tabernacle Choir D we

L. Richard Evans....$1.50 By

still or in the road, were much broadcasts. howwe $1.50 the HiHs Unto

L. Richard Evans By go. to farther had we

. $1.50 This Always and Day "The.. and Spoken Word"her pricked Suddenly up pony L. my Richard Evans By easily the maintains $2.25 Gospel Kingdom lofty Theears nickered. loom a shadow and I saw Taylor John By literary of excelstandards a in then buriedbefore....$1.75 me, and All I was Things of Restoration

Fielding Smith of lence, the subjects breadth By Joseph thegreat blanket that shut out warm Evidences and treated, the andstorm as completely as though I had common Reconciliations $ 1.85

A. By Dr. Widtsoe John into theridden house a and had door touch of brotherhood set by $2.00 Constancy Change Amid G the closed behind me.been I heard its E. to A. credit predecessors. By Bowen A

Smith: ProphetJoseph horse, O step ofquick another and my library or exclusive the most, $2.25 Statesman

father's shouting encouragement. voice Dr. G. By Durham Homer it is the humblest home, a

of Thought. $1.00 Golden Nuggets accumulated from heat pony The my that well"with Ezra Marler By "wears book

I blanket. theunder Soon was warm $2.50 For This Glory My reader. thoughtful Bailey Paul By within a minevery comfortable, fewand and

Saint $2.50 The Gay

front ridingutes the through were gifts library or personal we For Paul as Bailey By your $2.00 Covenant Race

H. By James Anderson... $2.25 Standardsgate. forWord"—oryour friends,its twoordercompanion"The Spokenbooks GospelGod's

mail, or in person. telephone, Heber J. Grant By—by

$1.25 $1.50 a copyThe price,Cincemanythatstorms—stormsfaroff day, thereof temptation,have come enclosed |I PaymentThe Vision Send C.O.D.

of discouragement, of fear, doubt, and Name despair. felt that I have Sometimes I Address

could not continue, but must give up defeat. always Butand acknowledge BOOKCRAFT STREET 18 RICHARDS atat the darkest the of time moment,

... TEL. 3-479S CITY 1, UTAH LAKE to SALT critical need, there havemost come

me words of counsel, of encouragement, [Concluded on page 360) JUNE, 1945 32a

CONVERSATIONS

AT TWILIGHT % sriendjtif By ALICE EDDY LeCORNU

her -*-T* dropped Leah ona M, and then a chair purse on 2SSJ] beret and curled up on the braided rug in front "Well, I owe Emily a letter, but I of it. "Aunt Martha,"she asked mourncan't remember her new address. Now

fully, "what's the matter with me?"I suppose she'll let us lose contact with

rl Aunt"NothingMarthatoowithfundamental,"a quick smile,replied"exeachwrite otherout ofbecauseturn."she's too stubborn to

cept a smudge of lipstick on your chin "Why expect the worst of your benefit of the the Give Emily coiffure, to put friends? disheveled a slightly and w letter have a can forwarded doubt. You it mildly."elegantly and

the old address."but from dutiful smile was Mona Leah's

thought of that,"admitted "Never don't serious. People "I'm > '/ 'ft unresponsive.

ing."'>LM like"Fiddlesticks!"me."Aunt Martha was Mona Leah grudgingly; "it's worth tryemphatic. "That's nothing.""Another item?"prodded Aunt

"What?"Martha.

"The important thing is, do you like "There's a new girl in our Mutual people?"class, looks keen. I hoped she'd sort of

"Oh, I see,"said Mona Leah. "You pick me out, but she seems awfully mean that old saying about 'to have a standoffish—no, don't say it—I see now

friend you must be one.'it's up to me to make the first move."

"Yes, and being a friend involves do- "Fine,"applauded Aunt Martha, "but ing something about it. If we want to all this doesn't seem to prove that you're

popularity."it. losing

"Well, this morning was a sort of last **-—j succeedIf we wantat anythingto win aelseprizeweweworktry forhard,

but too many of us sit back and expect straw. I had to walk home from Sunfriendship to come to us uninvited."day School alone, and it got me down."

"I guess that's true. But it shouldn't "How did that happen?"

be onesided,"persisted Mona Leah. "I stopped to speak to Mrs. James,

"I try to be nice to people, but I can't and the others went on. It wouldn't have

see that anybody puts herself out for hurt some of the kids to wait for me."

about say, do something me. You

half "Did you ask any of them to?"meet you but friends, they should

way, shouldn't they?""No, but they could see I was de-

I've for waited Barbara and is? tained. point that say where can "Who often enough! again!"Midge I won't

insist our usually drawing own on We course not,"agreed "Of Aunt Marfriends expect our and halfway mark to meet it. Our line may not seem so tha. "They aren't worth keeping as

clear from the other side."friends, anyway."

Mona Leah frowned in concentration Mona Leah looked up quickly. "Well,

on this idea. yes, they are,"she admitted honestly.

"Besides,"continued Aunt Martha, "They're really grand girls."She jumped gestured up grandly. and friend perhaps "to a real be we

right, usual. as "You're every- I love all the to willing way. go be Weshouldthink I'm going cultivate friends out and friendship, in getting, and body. of too much

all over place, the bloom make two giving."of not enough

before!"but where one grew

"Well, but you don't want people to "If you're going to Mutual,"laughed think you're running after them."Aunt Martha, glancing at the clock,

"Why not? There's no harm in letting "you haven't much time. Don't forget

folks know you value their friendship. that smudge."

I cultivatdon't you, mean mind Now, practically "I'm way,"on the Mona for the he good ing someone her. took assured a and She comb can do Leah

friendliselfishness that's not you, and to crossed her purse from compact and sincere are offering ness, but if you "I'll girl mirror. that telephone the new

it's the friendship, a compliment to make call for like see if she'd to have and me advances."her,"she planned as she deftly freshBONDS WAR

*7&* Scetia IRouie j4c*aM sim&U&s. "What if you get turned down?"ened herself and arranged her beret,

"Unpleasant, I'll admit, but it hap- "and we can pick up Midge, too.

WESTERN PACIFIC pensthink. soThis,seldomhowever,it's worthseemsthe toeffort,be aI needThanksis a forfriendtheindeed,'pointers."she'A quotedfriend asin

purely academic discussion. I suppose she paused at the door to smile at Aunt

2z2*ct*c* *> <&*** something specific happened to start it?"Martha. "Goodbye, Aunt Indeedy!"

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA USE YOUR REGULAR FARM EQUIPMENT

FOR CONTOUR FARMINC

9 Not so long ago farmers used to call in heavyduty crawler tractors and graders to build terraces on the contour. That

was custom work and an added expense.

Now, with the cooperation of the Soil Conservation Service, farmers are being shown how to build terraces and farm on the contour with their regular, standard farm equipment.

Standard moldboard, disk and harrow plows, properly used, are proving entirely satisfactory for this important work. Your

Farmall Tractor and your McCormickDeering Plows and Tillage Tools are your weapons in this fight to save and Plowing out the channel of a terrace with a Farmall-A Tractor build up productive soil. and 2-furrow disk plow. Lines indicate crosssection of terrace.

Harvester works closely with the Soil Conservation Service in promoting this soilsaving, soilbuilding program. See

your local soil conservationist, county agent, vocational agricultural teacher and the nearby International Harvester dealer for information. They will show you how to make the most

effective use of your McCormickDeering Farm Equipment.

Write for free booklet, "Help Save Productive Soil."

International Harvester Company 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

Proper cutting and thinning improves farm woodlands.

Cut and sell wood from selected trees... pulpwood and

sawlogs are needed for war. See your county agent or Farmall-H and McCormickDeering No. 2 Harrow Plow building

local forester for information. a terrace.

SYMBOL OF SERVICE to the American Farmer

This symbol means "Product of International Harvester."It is the mark of quality and experience

... a new emblem by which we dedicate our products to Your Service.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER Fighting War Bonds Lay the Foundation for Peace and Prosperity

McCORMICK PEERING Farmall Tractors

JUNE, 1945 325 3abr

DEAR DAD PORTRAIT OF A YOUNG GIRL

By Howard Leon Whetten By Irene Stanley

I This pensive country maiden, battles I'm of not thinking HPonight she scarcely fourand-ten, was won When the rising we've dropped on bombs * Or great eyes dreamladen; brown With & m of the U.S. Armed Forces wish I might have seen her then, sun.

Nor am I thinking of the fight today, With slim brown fingers curled around wmTWhereNo, I amdeathspittingnot thinking zerosof daysflameto come,and sway. OrGoldpartinglilies rushesno lesswherefreckled,they found

When war will cease and victory's won, Marshbirds'eggs, plain or speckled!

there'll for all be peace mankind When she the caressed lamb meadow are things These not running through my When I her! I wish might have known mind.

all, of most glad But how I am VICTORY her! instead thinking never of have outgrown I am You days gone by

When as a boy my dad and I Rode the range away back there, at night the bright Or sat campfire. by

the day's ite fiff'With the horses work done and fed He would say, "Come, son, it is the time for bed."And under the sky where the stars are fair,

He would kneel with me in evening prayer.

kindly By his deeds thought. and honest IS one of our FOOD I am thinking again of lessons taught, I into To me as manhood grow

mightiest weapons of He taughtme things that I should know.

war. Make every crumb WhileHe said,on "Rememberthis earth, there'sthis, mya raceson, to run

and drop of it fight for free- A race between happiness and strife

At the finish, death, or eternal life!

dom! So this spring, plan a Keep pure and stroag and straight, my son,

And God will guide you till you've won."bigger, better victory gar-

I'm thinking now of what he said den. Or devote your spare As he held me close, and a tear was shed.

time to helping on a farm, God"Go, willmy guardson, andyougowithin peace;his grace.

or in a processing plant. If you will live this gospel plan,

As Jesus taught to the sons of man, will those And symbols wear, you at home, And or when bullet shall through them tear. No hostileif

Roberts—Photograph by H. Armstrong let hate not in realm. be your eating out, that And remember

Pacific South is Remember, at the Dear Son: helm."God

America's food supply is And so tonight I am at peace, "You're walking now,"Mother writes to me.

tickled be. You're as proud and as you can all around hate does increase. shorter than we realize. Though

till legs night, trudging Sturdy morning from thinking of strife, not For I am

Don't order more than you But of my dad, who shaped my life. Checking to see that things are done right.

taught in darkest me how, hour AndIn eachsquealchubbyas handyou walk,you holdto aexpresstoy your in prayer. can eat—then eat all that WhoTo lift my voice to God

joy; though be hard and long, the way you order! And your eyes glow with a starlight While it lighter with To make a song.

gleam Food Fights for Freedom! Oh, how I wish that every lad (That son of mine I've never seen.)

Had such an honest, loving dad.

I wasn't there the day you were bora

Early one frosty winter morn.

SO NEAR I missedsmileyour first tooth and your first real

By Lalia Mitchell Thornton (Though in spirit I've been with you all the while) is since shrinking world a plane THE the snapshots tacked are barracks on Your train. travel swifter than a Can

wall. carelessly race, rove and So we

tall just weigh what you I know how is place. land distant a now No

to hold andyou—-you know You stand—but

faith? the missions kept Our Have we what I mean,

seek (That son of mine that I have never seen.)

lost, the to the heal save weak, To life to, to have look another forward call, brothers hear, We but can Our we this conflict see through. After we In this are near. world so new we

to lucky enough be homeward bound If I am

There is one little guy I want around;

TO THINK To buy you a pup, a train, a bike, fish teach hike. enjoy to and a you good To By J. Orval Ellsworth life is free I will that give clean you and a

* I 'he human mind seems lazy, (That son of mine that I have never seen.)

* To think is such a task, With all my love, is effort, one's brain To use Dad just simple to ask. Pfc. Dilworth Charles Strasser More

32* THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Apache Land NtW WAR CRYin on Southern Pacific's Golden State Route

This is Southern Arizona. establishments than any other line. the Rockies, across Great Salt Lake

This is the land of cowboys and Today Southern Pacific is carrying and over the High Sierra; on our

Indians, and mysterious mountains five times the passenger traffic of 1940, Shasta Route through the Pacific... of lush and fruitful valleys rewith about the same number of cars Northwest; on our Golden State

El Paso and Souththrough freight has Route load Our had then. as we the desert.claimed from

... ern Arizona doubled. you see why So than region rang with Apache more Once this

the trains must Night and war day nonessential to postpone ask you we cries.war

is defeated. until the is over. roll enemy rails until the war use of our from echoes cry war Today a new

* 4 * * stirring whistles It is thethe mesas.

of war freights and troop trains as When pleasure trips are possible S, P.*s Strategic Routes

they roll irresistibly westward toagain, we hope you'll come West on serve America and Mexico ward Japan. All day long you can Southern Pacific's Golden State

hear them rumbling through the Route. You will ride the famous

cactus forests. All night you can see Golden State Limited or Californian,

their headlights in the distance. stopover at El Paso for the side trip

It takes real railroading to "keep to Carlsbad Caverns National Park 'em rolling"in this rugged western... perhaps vacation at a Southern

guest ranch or resort, or in COAST WEST rails rise Arizonacountry. Pacific Southern

ROUTE MEXICO OF Palm Springs. desert thatfrom fantastic country

lies below sea level to towering snowBut that must wait.

covered mountain summits. Now night and day on Southern

Look at the map and you will see Pacific's 15,000 miles of line the war why the war job assigned to Southern trains roll.

Pacific is one of the biggest among the On our Sunset Route from Newrailroads. Our rails serve the main Orleans across the Deep South and S*P

West Coast ports of embarkation, mighty Texas; on our Overland The friendly Southern Pacific

from San Diego to Portland. In addiRoute, tracing the trail of the Pony Headquarters

tion we serve more military and naval Express and Covered Wagons, through 65 Market Street, San Francisco 5, California

JUNE, 1945 327 leader, the "appears Here Mormon four imJoseph the Prophet lives in the Another and different story of a full stature square, and measurably superior to most of the hearts of his people with affection most significant career.

eminent men of his time."undiminished by time. JOSEPH SMITH, THE JOSEPH SMITH, AN

AMERICAN PROPHET $3.00 JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50 PROPHET $3.00

Wilford Woodruff, George Q. CanEnow the Christian churches and

intelliardent, non, Hamblin, Jacob the you will understand the Restored of fearless disciples gent,

Prophet, tell their story in the classiChurch. "All other considerations were concal manner. CHRISTIANITY THROUGH tained in the Holy Ghost."

THREE MORMON THE CENTURIES... $2.00 THE HOLY GHOST... $2.00 CLASSICS.... $2.50

DESERET"THE BOOK CENTERBOOKOF THE INTERMOUNTAINCOMPANYWEST"44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET P. O. BOX 958, SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

Please send me Name Address The following books: Herewith find $

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jome of tke FAVORITE POETRY of f-reilaent Meoer ff. Ljrant

HHwo stanzas from Oliver Goldsmith's

A "The Deserted Village":

111 fares the land to hastening ills a prey,

Where wealth accumulates, and men decay;

Princes and lords may flourish, or may fade;

A breath can make them, as a breath has made But a bold peasantry, their country's pride,

When once destroyed, can never be supplied.

4A time there was, ere England's griefs began

When every rood of ground maintained its man, For him light labor spread her wholesome store, Just gave what life required, but gave no more: His best companions, innocence and health;

And his best riches, ignorance of wealth.

From James Russell Lowell's "Vision of Sir Launfal"Not what we give, but what we share,

For the gift without the giver is bare;

Who gives himself with his alms feeds three Himself, his hungering neighbor and me.!"

The poem, "Age,"much quoted byPresident Grant, has become the favor- "almost like a FelsNaptha wash ite of many other persons because of his affection for it:

Age is a quality of mind: "Sunny wash days are wonderful! 'Specially now, when I

If dreams your you've left behind, can't always get FelsNaptha.

is cold, If hope If you no longer look ahead, "Wash day weather never bothered me when FelsIf your ambition's fires are dead,

Then you are old. Naptha Soap was plentiful. On rainy days I'd do a whole

But if from life you take the best, wash with FelsNaptha, hang it in the basement and my life if in And you keep the zest, things would be as white and sweet as though they'd hold; If love you

No matter how the years go by, dried in the sun.

No matter how the birthdays fly,

You are not "Oh, well... as long as the Fels people are making

old.—Author unknown. soap for my Jim and the other boys in the service, I can't

During the last war, Heber J. Grant, complain. And I guess we'll have our FelsNaptha Soap

ofthen of the Council president the back before long..."of theTwelve, Utah was chairman

Liberty Loan Drive. In his speeches in

that behalf he usually read this poem, * * * a which has long since become one of hisfavorites We like to think the average American wife or mother

Three Lessons says something like this as she carries on without ordinary necessities—like FelsNaptha Soap.There are three lessons I would write

Three as with words a burning pen, We wish she could have FelsNaptha Soap for every

In tracing light of eternal Upon the hearts of men. wash day. But while we're making soap that helps keep

Have faith, though clouds environ round, Jim the cleanest fighting man in the world, sometimes

And gladness hides her face in scorn.

But off the darkness from the brow: she'll have to do without.

No night but hath its morn. And the lady in the picture is right... she'll have her

where'er hope, thy bark is driven,Have distorts the mirth, FelsNaptha Soap back, before long. tempest's calm The

Know this, God rules the hosts of heaven,

The inhabitants of earth.

Have love—not love alone for one,

But man as man thy brother call,

And scatter as the circling sun FelsNaptha Soap Thy charities on—Friedtichall. v. Schiller

{Concluded on page 370) BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY

JUNE, 1945 329 dBtfr HeberJ.Grantl

Born November

22, 7856 D/'ed May 74, 7945! * rf*tf

f'

.;;,.;.'">';:;.

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

more than fortyseven years, President Grant, as business manager, and later as editor, has given3ORgenerously and earnestly of his great energy, first to the founding, and later to the continuing mission of this magazine.

For more than one hundred months this page in the Era has carried messages from and news of its senior editor, Heber J. Grant, President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Monday evening, May 14, 1945, our Father in Heaven, who measures out the days and the years of men, saw fit to relieve him of the cares of this life. But whatever the nature of the physical cares which

nearly eightynine years of strenuous living visited upon him, in spirit there was always about him a refreshment. His was the outlook of one who knew that men may die—but never grow old. As between

time and eternity it mattered little to him. Those who live there were as real to him as those who live here.

And none who knew him could doubt his conviction. And now he has gone to that place which was as

real to him as was this one.

The many thingsi he was and the much that he did in even so long a space of years is beyond cataloging here and now. For some suggestion as to the variety and scope of his accomplishments, we refer the

reader to all past issues of the Era, and to all the other chronicles of the Church. Elsewhere in this issue

are the remarks made at his funeral services by his beloved and trusted brethren. His funeral service,

Friday, May 18, 1945, at 12:15 was the occasion for the opening of the Salt Lake Tabernacle to the

public for the first time in more than three years. The thousands who were there, and who filled, in addition, the Assembly Hall and the temple grounds, and those, also, who were turned away, expressed by

their presence their own silent tributes. The thousands more who reverently passed by his casket, hour

after hour, Thursday night and Friday morning, as it lay in state in the Church Office Building, added their tribute also. The closing of Salt Lake City business houses and institutions, some for two days, some for

one, and some for the hours of the funeral, together with the profusion of floral offerings, many ordered by wire from throughout the nation—and the presence of many distinguished guests, some of whom traveled far to be there—all testified of the worldwide esteem which President Grant had earned and been accorded in his eightyeight and a half years of going about the world.

President Grant is gone—but the Lord's latterday work will go on, as he would wish it, as it has

done, ever increasingly, following the passing of six previous Presidents of the Church in this dispensation.

For his family, and for all who were near to him in life, we pray for comfort—the blessed comfort

that comes to those who mourn in righteousness. His friends and loved ones have quietly laid to

rest the body which is of earth—but we know that he lives, in the kingdom of our Father whom he

served all the days of his life, and whose work he will be doing, even now, with all the restless energy for righteousness for which he has been known among men for nearly eightynine years past.

We are grateful for the example of his life, for the conviction of his testimony, for the favorable condition of the Church as he leaves it. And we are grateful for those who shall carry on the Lord's latterday work under the same divine appointment.

*-s4onorina (resident J4cbef s4. Ljrant I

north of the the Tabernacle and occupied the northwest door J. Grant

building. section of center the THEweredaysdaysfollowingof mourningthe passingand ofofhonorPresidentto hisHebermemory. On

offered Station a memorial evening, Radio Monday KSL to 10:00 p.m. 9:30 from Clarke and Harry gram Heaps by Seldon proKVNURadio ofstations,Logan, KSLall Utahof Saltstations,Lake andCity,KIOKSUBof Idahoof CedarFalls,City,carscene, originatried the a describing broadcast Tabernacle

given special broadcast a commemorative evening was Thursday 12:15. until at the services began with ing 12:00 from noon specialKSL

to over Organ, 9:30 Choir with and the Tabernacle KSL from at the 12:15 L. commentator. Beginning as Richard with Evans

tribute Grant. President to 10:00 p.m., a "Spoken with Word"stations. entire services broadcast funeral the same over were

services, with presided Albert the President Smith George in state the evening Friday lay morning and body Thursday opening prayer Clark, conducting. Jr., President Reuben atThe J, in so Office loved President Building the which Grant Church

to offered the Patriarch F. Smith, Church; Joseph was by it in before persons thousand passed than twelve much, more and

Bishop. Richards, Presiding closing prayer Thethe by LeGrand respect. love and

President Smith, President Albert speakers George were J. Reuben

Friday at 12:00 noon the procession from the Church Office Clark, Jr., and President David O. McKay. The Tabernacle

Building started on foot to accompany the funeral car to the Choir under the direction of J. Spencer Cornwall, with Frank W.

Tabernacle. The priesthood officers proceeded in the following Asper and Alexander Schreiner at the organ, sang some of

order: the Council of the Twelve, the Assistants to the Twelve, President Grant's favorite hymns. The grave was dedicated in

the First Council of the Seventy, the Presiding Bishopric, President the City Cemetery by President Antoine R. Ivins of the First

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., President David O. McKay, the hearse, Council of the Seventy.

representatives of stake presidencies. The line of march was from The Sunday evening radio service over KSL (9:00-9:30 p.m..

the Church Office Building to the south gate of Temple Square, May 20) honored President Grant by recalling his recorded voice to the southwest door of the Tabernacle. The General Authorities from General Conferences of past years, giving his testimony and

then took tlieir places in their regular seats, while the stake presiexhortation to the Church and the world. Jessie Evans Smith

dencies filled the southwest center section of the Tabernacle. The sang for this occasion. Program commentary was by Richard L.

family, escorted in cars from President Grant's home, entered Evans. Alexander Schreiner was at the Tabernacle Organ.

Note: In addition to all that appears on President Grant in this issue, we refer our readers, for writings by him

and about him, to all past issues, and especially to his eightieth anniversary issue of November 1936.

JUNE, 1945 331 J. PRESIDENT HEBER GRANT

Address delivered during funeral serv- [-resident Ljeome rweft Smltk ices for President Heber J. Grant, &

held Friday, May 18, 1945, in OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY the Salt Lake Tabernacle day we are met in honor of one of his come the first knowledge of a new life.

have occupied this pulpit many departed sons who has performed a Woman is the first to know that there is times, but my soul has never been great work. He was a giant among men to be another birth. In the case of the

I subdued as it is today. and he has radiated hope and courage resurrection it was to woman that our

Observing this great audience of and peace among hundreds of thousands Lord gave the first actual knowledge friends, and realizing that many thouof his brothers and sisters, our Father's that death was not the end, but that ressands more are listening in I sense the children. urrection had overcome death and that

responsibility that attaches to occupyIt would be tragic if a man, when he we would live forever.

ing any time here today. Sitting near grew to be as old as our brother, were Upon one occasion the Savior apthe remains of our beloved departed compelled to remain distressed and peared to his former associates. They

brother is the faithful, devoted family helpless in mortality, continuing on and were gathered together and somewhat of President Heber J. Grant, who has on without the ability to longer enjoy concerned. He came among them withfinished his work and gone to his relife here. And so the Lord has decreed out warning, and they were frightened.

ward. If I could say anything that would that we all come into the world in the They thought that they saw an apparibring comfort to them, I would be gratesame way, our time here being limited. tion. They didn't realize that he could

at will with the disappear appear andful. I feel desire most and to enjoy my weakness, all have an opportunity We he that he had attained. will When inspire thatsincerely the Lord me in mortality, happiness and then, if we power

to voice that which he would have me have been wise, we pass on, prepared discovered their predicament, he said:

say. for eternal happiness in the celestial Behold my hands and my feet, that it is

Assembled on this solemn occasion, kingdom when this earth that we dwell I myself: handle me, and see; for a spirit

near the casket containing a dear one, upon shall be cleansed and purified by hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have.

our feelings are naturally subdued, and fire and will be presided over by our (Luke 24:39.)

elder our Father andif by last this to the be Heavenly time were were we further convince these disciples if to As their Christ, as of brother, one Jesus it dishim, towith be most a would me unto them: he said in our that dominions. assurance it is With this situation;tressing but not so in

case. This man who has been sumlives, death is not such a serious matter. Have ye here any meat? And they gave

moned home by our Heavenly Father I am thinking, as I stand here talking him a piece of a broiled fish, and of an has concluded his mortal life in honor, to you, that more of my dear ones are honeycomb. And he took it, and did eat

but we will be with him again in imon the other side than are here, and it before them. (Luke 24:4143.)

if aremortality worthy. Born in course will the natural we not be long it that convinced then became of They

lifeeightyeight ago, I, of his years most will receive too, events before my risen been Lord was their who had has been devoted to faithfully seeking summons to pass on. I am not looking raised from the dead. Thereafter he

to divide the truth of our Lord with his forward to that time with anxiety and met with his disciples several times and fellow men. For more than forty years distress, but with hope and with the astalked to them.

I have been one of his companions who surance that the change, when it occurs, have upon their shoulders the responwill be for increasing happiness and HpHE disciples seemed not to undersibility of disseminating the gospel of advantages that we cannot know in stand at that time as we do now that

Jesus Christ in all parts of the world. mortality. we shall all follow the same course and

During that period of time he has served I wish that all of the people in the in due time we shall all be raised from in countries,in in the European Japan, of this dead. the knowledge the Father's children—-could It was our world—all all of the Mexico, and in andCanada President truth glorious that enriched scriptures the understand that have been

states of the United States of America. given to us by the Lord and preserved Grant's life and made him the great misOur work has enabled us to mingle by his servants. They are replete with sionary that he was. It was the knowlwith hundreds of thousands of our assurance of the resurrection and of edge of that truth that enabled him to

brothers and sisters, and all men are eternal life. Of course the outstanding labor for the young people of the Church

our brothers and all women are our evidence was that of Jesus Christ our and of the world. He was always insisters. We are all the children of our Lord who was crucified at Calvary, reterested in the development of youth.

Eternal Father. Many of the dear ones moved from the cross, and laid away in Notwithstanding his ability along

that we have associated with have long a tomb. Those witnessing this great many other lines, his major anxiety in

since passed away, and those of us who event supposed that would be the last life was the development of the sons remain and understand are waiting for time they would ever see him, but in and daughters of the Living God.

the time when we too will receive our three days he left the tomb, in three He not only believed what was found summons and will have their compandays his spirit had entered his immortal in the Old and New Testament scripionship again. tabernacle, and he was among his asture, with reference to our life here and

sociates again. hereafter, but he possessed other evinpHERE are those in the world who apHe first appeared to Mary. She didn't dence. When a young woman his mothparently cannot believe, or who do recognize him until he called her by er identified herself with the Church of

not believe, the information contained name. No doubt she would have emJesus Christ of Latterday Saints which

in the Holy Bible that there is a resurbraced him, but he said, was so unpopular at that time that rection for all those who die and that through persecution it had been driven

Jesus Christ was the first fruits of that... Touch me not; for I am not yet from place to place. Soon after she

brethto but Father: ascended go to my my intoresurrection. of world, the the people all of the joined came Church He

I ren, them, ascend unto unto say and vicinity, Illinois, organize citysent to Father my the Heavenly and of Nauvoo, by his Father; to Father, and God, your and my lives in the to thousand, develop were anda church twenty approximately 20:17.) your God. of and (John

its members an understanding of the driven from their homes into the wilderpurpose of life and to prepare them for Mary was the first one in mortality to ness. They faced the setting sun to

eternal happiness, not only upon this know of the resurrection. It is beautiful make their homes with the wild beasts

earth in mortality, but for eternity. Toto me that to womankind has always (Continued on page 370)

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J. PRESIDENT HEBER GRANT

Address delivered during funeral services for President Heber ]. Grant,

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY held Friday, May 18, 1945, in the Salt Lake Tabernacle

know that I shall need for words to unto you. Let not your heart be troubled,

express the things that are in my neither let it be afraid.

crowd in upon me MemoriesI heart. IN THE YEARS HIGHLIGHTS OF THE especially family, the so to you, And difficult. this task mostand make PRESIDENT OFFICIAL MINISTRY OF I say, to the Sister Lord, for Grant, go

I want to endorse every good thing he will help. HEBER J. GRANT '/

that has today, all been good hasand

City, Salt at Lake I 22nd: Born like 1856—November family to the would And now enPresident said aboutbeen second Grant, Jedediah of son M. Utah, Grant—I million of us to almost that mourn a say mayor to Young, and counselor Brigham that thing anybody everydorse good

I Rachel City, firstRidgeway Salt and of Lake sincerely. deeply, would with you rare for a he him,shall about was say Ivins Grant that like million mourn, to so say.to who righteouslyspirit and lived drew who

his father 1st: of still is Death December rules, cheer, 1856—of Jesus be good God blessings the Father Heavenly ourfrom

will Christ; give the you the Ghost Holy

the of obey and keep Baptized to a those member 1864 22nd:which who come—June

comfort. inspiration and Saints Latterday of Christ of Jesus Church exhave familyhis commandments. The

in all helped them to havetended who the presiof 10th: a member June Made 1875—faced that face time a has been We Thirteenth Salt City of the gratiLake dency of their voices times tryingthese lost the before have Church. by Improvement Mutual Men's Young Ward We I to the for wanttude, Church and now first orthe ward Association, which was leader, but wellbeloved able an and

F. effected ganization under Junius Wells by to and each family the to andextend for another, will the raise work up God of Brigham direct appointment Young of the gratitude the of themevery on. President of the Grant must go Lord the done, they for have whatChurch seventy 16th: a Edby Ordained 1876—June to last the told of remark often made Stevenson ward they care the rendered,help have they F. President Smith him Joseph who by lavished the they have taken, lovehave to secretary the gen6th: Chosen said him, to 1880—April knows Lord "The whom father of the their him but upon eral superintendency Men'snot Young upon only for the of President Church he wants Association Mutual Improvement Christ's of the on Church head waswho mistake."the never a makes and Lord

that Priest of Presidingearth, the High st: 3031 President Called by 1880—October

to the Tooele preside over Taylor John cease forget nor will neverChurch. God after Christ's resurrection twentyfour and Zion, After of before was Stake he this for blessings untoto give them of age years the seen he the day been and had on rendered. they service havegreat which

left to following, seemed he have week 31st: priest a high Ordained 1880—October

President Grant honored me with his them, whereupon Peter said to James by John Taylor others, "I and go fishing,"and and John I rather here standfriendship, and today 13th: Called to an October become

that went. they But and was not to the 1882—apostle President through a revelation I feel mourn;as of those one who my he

Taylor. John out, the had course Lord which mapped them. well been among have mightplace

to work. so they back and went came 16th: your daughters and apostle Ordained an by youI hope that

of so of a mourn, and the 1882—OctoberGeorge became Q. Cannon member we And we who grandchildren the and andhusbands of the Council the Twelve feel sad, not not be must must in Church, will carry Sisterparticularly Grant

up. not give forsaken, must must We a of the sugeneral member of passing the sorrow hearts not 1897—Becameyour

perintendency of the Young Mutual Men's befor service, greater ourselves gird a blessings which the joy the andbut Association Improvement expects on. us to carry cause God years, all these over yours beenhave

business November: Became manager 1897—rechildren association. Youfrom his

of which Era, of The Improvement he was Again to Sister Grant and the family, bodies unthat he gave youmember of the principal one founders tainted by sin or disease. Remember may the Lord bless you and comfort

12th: Organized and presided give everything your 1901 he—August you you, may given that has blessing you inthe he over Mission the Japanese in desire the matter hearts of condolence beclouded, of them minds, noneyour

resignation, that your lives may 8th: Released September from the presbe 1903—the andall outstanding. of Remember them

idency Mission of the Japanese faith, strengthen happy. your May he lived withfaith has taught you and he

you. Remember his testimony, increasmay he build your testimony that you 1904—January 1st: Became president of the

ing with the years until no fact of life children and grandchildren may be British and European Missions was surer than the spiritual things worthy of this great sire. 1906—December 5th: Released from the presiwhich he has taught to you. And in dency of the British and European Missions

of bless his to all memory God affliction the Lord. of go to hoursyour

23rd: president of Became us; 1916—November us. it clean bright with and faith keep May great you. hear You haveHe will the Council of the Apostles Twelve

and great knowledge. I do not need to we, day by day, more and more, come

23rd: of president 1918—November Became appreciate understand so that and we you, you to but I to want to tellpreach

Christ of Jesus Latterday the Church of live as follow be able to along and may experience of Saints I knowthat out my own lived. his testimony, carry he we May answers lives hears prayand andGod

after time, hearts, given in our time will hearken, him, to he he willers. Go that 1919—NovemberTemple, Laie, 27th:HawaiiDedicated the Hawaiian 1

answer. we may not wander from the truth but

do the things which he would expect 1923—August 26th: Dedicated the Alberta

Christ said: us to do, that he may say on the Temple, Cardston, Alberta, Canada

side, "Father, those see what 23rd: I 1927—October Dedicated the Arizona all that labour and are other me, unto ye Come Temple, Mesa, Arizona able to teach are doing helped and are

I rest. will give laden, and youheavy

to place, do."to has a real gone He Tour of the European

life, live real service, to a real and do a to 1937—JuneSeptember:Missions In the chamber, eating the last supper,

shall place all go. that same weto sorrowing the and bewildered aposto

14th: in peacefully his Salt Died 1945—May

tles, said, he Lake City alike home, a mourned sorrowby bless us all in of sorthis hour God friends ing Church and his throughout many

Peace I leave with you, my peace I give row, I humbly pray in the name of the world unto you: not as the world giveth, give I Jesus. Amen.

JUNE, 1945 333

J. PRESIDENT HEBER GRANT

Address delivered during funeral services [or President Heber J. Grant, i5u [-'resident Ujauld \J. il/jcJ\at

held Friday, May 18, 1945, in OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY the Salt Lake Tabernacle

using his signature stamp. Sunday, May associates. You who have heard PresiBrethren and Sisters: 13, being short of breath, he said: "I'm dent Grant tell about those early days

What we all had hoped would feeling pretty bad."To the question, cannot doubt that in the humble surbe deferred indefinitely has hap- "Have you any pain, President Grant?"roundings and spiritual atmosphere of

pened. We must now face the inevitable. he replied, "No, none, for which I am his boyhood home were formed those

Though he came gradually and peacevery thankful."sterling traits of character which in

fully, death has silenced the voice and Those were the last words that I maturity made him so distinguished.

stilled the heartbeats of our esteemed, heard him speak. President Grant always spoke with

our beloved President Heber }. Grant. deference and heartfelt appreciation of

The last curtain dropped on the earthly From Obscurity to Eminence his noble inheritance from both his parlast 14, activity of stage Monday, May ents. the earthly of viewpoint from Judging in approxihis cottage vinecovered in caprice to give not does mere God possessions, President Grant's boyPresident mile only amately from where child noble, to one another ignoble and it as inconspicuous was, and hood, ago. eightyeight years bornGrant was Spirits parents. linethe through come the ridiculed, spent sometimes on was is city; his contributed he hasThis home for they age have prepared which themyet, borderline poverty; of from humble its to the to days from oxteam growth in state. selves their preexistent the To intelcircumstances, energy, of force by Authorities, era. the airplanethe Among Australia, of for example, Bushmen brilliance, lectual determination, and is last link connectthePresident Grant spirits those of standards come whose in persistence, rose high to he honors the genwith Pioneersing younger the intelligence spiritual development and ecclesiastical in as as business welleration. merit only the such parentage. VirTo realms.

first failing intimation health of The gin the of Mary, came Son God.

of presence of hundreds today The five just years to him ago whencame father's of a Deprived companionelo- business bears prominent you men visit official to the an makinghe was all ship, President Grant appreciated respect of quent testimony honthe and California. Suninstakes Southern On the the deeply transforming more power or achieved he you. among 4, 1940, accompanied by Februaryday, It love. mother's of a she was who

his President death Grant was At his secretary, Anderson,Elder Joseph his selftimidity his changed to courage;

financial eight of director president and of Aird President Macdonaldand W. depreciation selfconfidence; to impetuinstitutions (several of himhe which President Mission, Grant Californiathe selfcontrol; to initiative ousness of lack

until self recently, and, founder), was conferthe Stake Inglewoodattended to perseverance; tendencies to feminine

Pacific Railroad. director a the of Union out car of the steppedence. he he As qualities. manly

is nationally recognized President Grantfell, the entering insisted upon but chapel where he took his place on the for his sound judgment and clear vision With these and other sterling traits character, of in his there implanted was greatest questions, and, economic on to whisperedrostrum. Elder Anderson

life early a tenderness that could come all, honorable through of and in most Smith, AlbertElder was George who only his the heart from of mother. Some service, the worthiness and became Presithat conference, that ofcharge

I will surprised, to be hear know, me of the the chosen Church, President feeling well very notdent Grant was testify that tenderness a spring deep was Savior, representative of the and Lord to speak. able not be wouldand Howin President soul, Grant's clearness the Christ. Jesus afterin the Presidentever, returned the

purity best, are of which and known thirtyfive or about written and spoke thenoon long and as memory As only however, loved ones by his and vigor. his usualforty with minutes The this last, the of noble man word name close associates. as attempted however, henext morning, will the esteem, honor, connote and

floor to the he fellto get of bed, out that praise a successful accompany life. Perseverance and SelfDiscipline that similar to the attack one verses anwith writer of the following The

he had had the day before. Four of us might well have had President Grant in have never known a man who exemthen accompanied him to the hospital. mind. Slightly paraphrased I plified so completely the mastery of

left his side affected andHis speech was mind so will could over matter—whose he must what a man He was who faced five ago. years helpless. That waswas masterfully bring under subjection physcheer; step a heart of triumphant and With

His recovery has been remarkable; Who fought the daily battle without fear; ical whims and desires. Perseverance

his return to normal activity little short Saw his hopes fail, yet kept unfaltering trust and selfmastery are qualities that will of miraculous. The Church was again That God is God; that somehow, true and always be connoted with the name of

blessed with his outstanding leadership just Heber J. Grant.

and inspiration. Though his sickness His plans work out for mortals; not a tear

fortune, the world shed which when Was His Gratitude his physically, slightly impairedleft him dear, holds keen, asintellectual remained acumen his better, Fell said, last grasp; from his love of he with to One remarks Bishop as inspiration to responsiveness hisand crust a his Anderson, of one grandsonsin-law,

first called him the Lord as whenready in live to not, dishonor; envied Than expression his an was of appreciadeep representative. his chosento be lost in faith his did best, but man; Nor tion of the love tender service and of

lot, his ever over mourned humbler Nor or last until so the year It not was recipient. he which gratitude was The smile a of with But hope, and gave words he to wane; his energy physical beganthat in manifest that conversation anwas zest spirit unconquerable dauntless, hisyet other his of outstanding virtues. Sometoiler; is every he alone great To last. until the activity even to himurged times, judging from indications, outward life fate. a heroic conquers by Who to office had the to he when cameHe President indifferent, Grant seemed and

be carried in a wheel chair. He signed Early Influences those who did not know him well might

perfect penuntil that almost lettershis have considered ungrateful. him Not- "C"arly in his youth there was develrecognized scarcely be couldmanship this, withstanding I say, true gratitude

as his. Not until Friday, May 1 1, when "oped in his young soul a spirit of was one of the fundamental qualities

he was so weak that he could not turn independence and determination that of his soul. "I am grateful beyond my

in bed unaided, did he consent to our later made him outstanding among his {Concluded on page 361 334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

Eighth President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

this issue of The have delayed the 5ecomed (Llaktk {-resident of the Cnurcn permit to Era ImprovementWEpublication of the addresses delivered at the funeral services for PresiPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and President David O.

dent Heber J. Grant. And now, as we *"McKay chosen as counselors in the First Presidency.

go to press late, action is taken in which President George F. Richards becomes president of the

President George Albert Smith is susCouncil of the Twelve Apostles.

tained and set apart as President of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, by unanimous vote, at a meetthat the Editor's Page, now long estabof wide friendships, of kindly heart, of ing of the Quorum of the Twelve Aposlished, will carry messages from him. rich experience, and of earnest devotles, held in the Salt Lake Temple, MonPresident George Albert Smith, a man tion, has served the Church as one of

day, May 21, 1945. its General Authorities for nearly fortytwo October 8, 1903, when years—since counas his chose President Smith

of the his place in the Council took he PresiPresidency, First in theselors of the at at time, Twelve, age which President Clark, and Jr.,dent }. Reuben

thirtythree, apostle ordained he an was first second as and O.David McKay, F. Smith. President by Joseph The new in respectively,counselors, which the of President the observed Churchcapacity previously under served each birth seventyfifth his of anniversary

meeting, thePresident Grant. same At prior April nearly years 4. For two F.President Richards, George senior lastto of the President Church, becoming the the of of Council Twelve,member the he President served had Church the president as of sustained Counwas of the of Twelve Quorum Apostles—toascil of the Apostles. Twelve

office set 8, which he apart was July

President Smith was set apart by Eld1943, following the death of President er George F. Richards, following which Rudger Clawson.

President Smith set apart President For more concerning the life and lineClark, President McKay, and President age of President George Albert Smith

RichardsWe shallto theirhaverespectivemore to positions.say in our we"WhoreferWasour 'Uncle'readersJohnto theSmith,"article,on

next issue concerning these men and page 336 of this issue, and to the July their lives, their positions, and their issue of the Era. The July issue will also

Church service. carry an article on President George F.

Meanwhile, President George Albert Richards, who has served the Church

Smith has authorized us to announce as an apostle for more than thirtynine that he has consented to serve as The years—since April 9, 1906, at which

Improvement Era's senior editor (a potime he was fortyfive years of age.

sition also filled by his two immediate President Richards observed the eightypredecessors, President Heber J. Grant PRESIDENT GEORGE F. RICHARDS fourth anniversary of his birth last

and President Joseph F. Smith), and Of the Council of the Twelve February 23.

JUNE, 1945 335

(the proper most common Smith the English language ) and name in

John (an appellative which parents of have thousands bestowed upon WHO WAS "UNCLE ancient children times to the presfrom ent day) have designated a multitude of human beings. In early days of Mor- i$u rflifton K. J4imter, PH.D.

mon history, there were several men by OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY,

It the Smith."is very name of "John AND L. D. S. INSTITUTE OF RELIGION, LOGAN. UTAH

to these for writers nueasy confuse merous Smiths when dealing with manuscripts which in many instances give no more than a meager account of some of these men. It is quite probable that such

errors have been made, and made perhaps on a number of occasions. For this

reason we approach the question of "Who is 'Uncle John Smith'?"

He was one of seven sons of Asael and Mary Duty Smith and an uncle of the Prophet Joseph, and for this reason we today call him "Uncle John Smith."

Sometimes the Prophet referred to him in those terms. On July 16, 1781, he was

born in Derryfield (now Manchester),

Rockingham County, New Hampshire.

When thirtyfour years of age, he married Clarissa Lyman. To them were

born three children—George Albert,

Caroline, and John Lyman.

Uncle John was a devout servant of

Jesus Christ and at all times a strong defender of gospel principles. It can be

truly said of him as the Shunammite woman said of Elisha, "I perceive that this is an holy man of God."The gospel

wasJoseph—thefirst broughtProphet'sto him byfather—whichhis brother,

resulted in his baptism on January 9, 1832. For several years previous to

'UNCLE"his been baptism, Smith Uncle had John JOHN latter six in health, during the and poor SMITH months he had been in no condition to leave the house far enough to go to his barn. In fact, the physicians had pronounced him in the last stages of consumption. In the words of his son,

George A.

His neighbors all believed that baptism example, shortly after John Smith began prominence in the Church of Jesus would kill him. I cut the ice in the creek, his missionary activities, a certain minChrist of Latterday Saints during the

and broke a road for forty rods through the ister named Mr. Talbert came into one period of its establishment by the

crust on two feet of snow; the day was very of his meetings "and interrupted him in Prophet Joseph. From the time he beastonish- the looked withcold; neighbors on abusive a manner, a most demanding a in 1 832 until came his death Mormon

die the in water, to see expectingment, him sign the senand pronouncing solemn later, which years occurred twentytwo that his health continued improvingbut from all of damnation this on is important referred to character who should the he a tence eveningmoment. During had

vision of the Savior. The next day he visbelieve the word."Uncle John told the over three hundred times in the Journal

ited his barn. He soon commenced traveling minister in the presence of the congregaHistory of the Church. Few men were

and preaching. His former Christian friends tion that he was a wicked man and an that prominent in Mormon history. In

denouncing him as crazy, saying that the adulterer, and that his corruption should following those references through, we improved condition of his health was the be exposed to the eyes of all men. Only learn that he was a member of the first

result of insanity; and were greatly surprised a few months passed before this prophhigh council organized in the Church,

that should a crazy know more about man and ecy was fulfilled, to settle Mr. Talbert was and whenever met this body did.1 theythe Bible than congregation. dismissed from his in setting patproblems of importance

terns policies, his for advice Church was of baptism Smith Uncle was The John spiritual gifts of the gospel nn'HE were solicited respected. always and Elderperformed Solomon by Hum-

- abundantly enjoyed Uncle John byphreys, thereupon immediately he and period, the Kirtland During Uncle as following the examples Smith. Such elder ordained an Josephwas by Wakehis time spent traveling of much John in are the found History Documentaryfield Humphreys. Soon Solomon and latter his brother, the while with Joseph, of the Church. History and Journal Jothereafter to preach. he commenced blessings patriarchal the to gave memin his of the seph Prophet, speaking went, confronted he heWherever was of In that report the bers Church. a others, uncle wrote and ministers slandered sectarian whoby of the Pennsyl- C. Kimball Heber made

in all Saints the other administered, unitedly layand him abusedand by. We in 1836, read: vania mission we

cousin, ing of to hands A. George.. on the possible of my manner. Butevery Son

Man had not only appeared to John Smith, who was immediately healed of a On the 25th of August while we were asSmith and comforted him, but also had severe rheumatic affection all over the body, sembled for a meeting, our hearts were filled given him the power of discerning the which caused excruciating pain.2 with joy by the arrival of Joseph Smith,

secret wickedness of his enemies; for Uncle John Smith was a leader of Smith,Sen., thewhoPatriarch,were on anda missionhis brother,to blessJohnthe

1 ]ournal History of the Church. January 9. 1832 2lbid.. January I, 1836 churches. On the 27th the church came to336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

stroyed the pioneers'crops if it had not been for the miracle of the sea gulls.

But finally in September, 1 848, BrigJohn Smith"? ham Young returned to the Valley,

bringing another large company of immigrants. The president of the Church

gether received blessings patriarchal and ) as the for the Saints, haven ( Nauvoo replaced Smith as supreme John now the under hands of President Joseph left his Smith, Uncle farm and John on moved

Sen.3 the later townsite. the new Four months later this typical months Morin Acommand.few

A year later the Prophet wrote: Prophet sent him to Macedonia, Hanmon pioneer built himself another home.

County, Saints the cock to preside over In the words of Andrew Jenson My father and Uncle John Smith started in Iowa. 1844, he In November was

visit to on the the of a mission branches the his city of Fort to out moved on He driven mobsters to from by Macedonia in the States, Church to set Eastern lot them in this February, the 1849, only and was there until and Nauvoo, he remained in order, confer their the and brethren on to spot which privileged on had he been 9, 1846. February Again he comwas patriarchal blessings.* cultivate in succession a garden years two pelled flee his violence to by mob from last the during his of twentythree years

All of this experience proved benefihome and move westward across the life.9

cial and helped to prepare Uncle John Mississippi River in search of a peacefor the day when he became the third ful location far off in the valleys of the On May 23, 1854, Uncle John died in

Presiding Patriarch to the Church. On Rocky Mountains. Salt Lake City, being nearly seventyJanuary 10, 1844, he was ordained a After spending a dreary winter on three years old. Thus he had lived

patriarch by Joseph the Prophet. Five the banks of the Missouri River at twentytwo years after having been

years later, on January 1, he was set Winter Quarters, he, with other Saints given up by the doctors. During that

apart as Presiding Patriarch over the of God, took up the weary ox train time he accomplished an untold amount

Church under the hands of President march westward in search of their new of good as one of the leading spirits in

Brigham Young and Heber C. Kimball. Zion. They left the camp less than two helping to found the true gospel of Jesus

He administered 5,560 patriarchal blessmonths after Brigham Young and the Christ on the earth again. At the time

ings, which were recorded in seven large Pioneer company had headed westof his death, the editor of The Deseret and closely written books. They are ward. On September 23, Uncle John News wrote:

in at the office Historian's Church now Smith arrived in the valley the of Great closed the duties arduous wellHe of a

It is Salt City. quite that probable Lake Salt Lake. occupied probation, to and passed position a

in this activity Uncle Smith made John rest, of his where will works follow nobly set Brigham Young apart to be him his greatest contribution the to Church. and honor him where and continue he will stake president and appointed to him

his able counsels for the prosperity and welpreside the over in Saints the Great fare of Zion. typical TThis a good was man Mormon until Basin the pioneer leader should go

pioneer frontiersman. and Within to back Winter Quarters return and

order to obtain Tn a more complete unafter joining a year he the Church, large with a group of Saints. Charles C. 1 derstanding Kirtland, years to Ohio. Uncle moved Five of who John Smith Rich and selected to John Young were

later when many of the leading Church be his counselors. was, it would be well to take a glance

officials apostatized and the Prophet at his children and their children. The

was forced to flee from Kirtland for The high council, a local ecclesiastical true measure of any man is given to a court, consisting of twelve premembers, large safety, his degree through Smith, posterity. along other the with Jesus, John

over president by the the of stake and the great of eternal Master truth, true the to remained taught Mormons who residedhis fifteen counselors, two all in the besides that the of measure to greatness gospel, stored migrated Missouri. of He manclerk, assumed provisional municipal powers kind 6 is given his first settled at but by Far works and moved own West the by consent of the common community.

shortly thereafter to Adamondi- through the lives of his posterity. To

Ahman, where he presided over a This was the first government estabquote his teachings:

until the the expulsion branch of lished Church the by in Utah. Mormons Thus shall fruits. their Ye them know by Do in of the Saints from 1839. Missouri Uncle He in Smith John charge of the was gather men of grapes thorns, figs thisor of Illinois in arrived 28, affairs February on and of the first Saints during diffithe tles? so Even every tree good forth bringeth

six Plains, miles located at from Green cult winter, the and was overseer fruit; of good but tree a corrupt bringeth forth

Warsaw. There he split rails, put in a building homes, rationing food, and preevil fruit.7

crop of corn, and performed much hard paring for the hordes of people who labor unsuited to his health and years. were to come later. His administrative Let us now observe some of Uncle

In June, however, after the Prophet was genius was also taxed heavily the folJohn Smith's "fruits"—posterity. Referreleased from the Missouri jail and lowing summer when the millions of ring again briefly to Asael Smith's seven

had selected the town of Commerce crickets would have completely de- (Continued on page 374)

Jenson, L.D.S. Biographical Encyclopedia, 25, 1835 August Hbid.. r>John Nebeker, Early Justice (Bancroft Library), Vol."Andrew

Hbid.. 22, 1836 4, June Ms. 7Matthew1, p. 183 7:1617

DIRECT LINE OF DESCENDANTS FROM "UNCLE"JOHN SMITH

GEORGE A. SMITH JOHN HENRY SMITH PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, JR. GEORGEwa alockiALBERT omnn,SMITH IIIi; ( GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

NOTE: There was also a fifth George Albert Smith, who was the son of the first George A. Smith, and who was killed in Arizona while on amission.

JUNE, 1945 337

RESTORATION OF THE - MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

And again what do we hear? Glad tidings Jke vl/ildernedd (Oetween Jrcarmony>

from CumoraK.... The voice of Peter,

James, and John in the wilderness between

County, and ColesSusquehannaHarmony, an d ioieduiue ville, the Susquehanna County, on Broome First, the occurred. terms the used by

the possessing declaring asriver themselves localities referring to should Prophet in the dispensation of of the kingdom, andkeys clarified. and Joseph Oliver Cowderyof the fulness of times! (D. & C. 128:20.) be called In it are the graves of Isaac and Elizaliving settlement in a small were

of also parents Hale, and beth Emma, for Joseph named McKune, McKune little of recorded one has been infant of the that of son and Joseph settler. first the settlement was TheVery in events of. the momentous listed fortycensus 1830 Emma.) The in in of the (township) Harmony Town of restoration world entire in families the township. seven history—themost It Pennsylvania. County, Susquehanna the to earth Priesthood Melchizedekthe adjoinsettled the of near them Part had still in the days, those and custom was

it after withdrawn beencenturies had Isaac of ing farms and Joseph McKune is in to in extent the East and some New in section. that pioneers both Hale, of use the the to England, "town"name

(township) in giving an address unless the person lived in a city or an incorporated village. Reference to the

map will indicate the manner in which counties in the East and New England are divided into townships which are both numbered and named and legally designated as "towns."Within the

"towns"(townships) are cities, incorporated villages, (boroughs in Pennsylvania) and settlements or hamlets. As

the people in the Town (township) of

SUSQUEHANNA RIVER AT McKUNE (HARMONY) Harmony, at that time, did not live in either cities or incorporated villages, CLEARING ON JOSEPH SMITH'S FARM ON BANKS in neither, that township, being (HARMONY) AT McKUNE OF SUSQUEHANNA is there neglect. There and of abusebecause referred the to they naturally place of did this restoration that evidenceample residence as Harmony. both the land for had given McKune and justoccur, and but when where

how has not been made known., school and cemetery. The nearest

church was at Lanesboro, five miles up Joseph Prophet of the statement The river. the the location places above,Smith, quoted

the the at time Aaronic both 1829 In Peter, visitation and ofof the James, rePriesthoods Melchizedek were and in Harwilderness between "theJohn in living stored, were and Joseph Emma, (Pa.) and County Susquehannamony,

thirteenacre farm house a on a smallColesville, (N.Y,):"; County BrOome Hale, Isaac purchased from had Joseph

is of approxirnately'distance aThis lived father. Oliver Cowdery Emma's miles.thirty with them. Joseph and Oliver were

The word "wilderness"in those days engaged in translating the Book of Mormeant simply an uninhabited or wooded mon, having begun on April 7, as rearea. In the section and verse ( D. & ported by the Prophet.

Ci section 128:20) the Prophet refers

to the wooded area, probably on or adPART OF SMALL FARM OF JOSEPH SMITH AT 'T'he Aaronic Priesthood had been reCOUN- the in (HARMONY), SUSQUEHANNA farmjoining the McKUNE Peter Whitmer of the 15, stored and on work May TY, PENNSYLVANIA Fayette, of (township) SenecaTown for translation purcontinued; but some

the Three York, whereCounty, New left their Oliver and pose Joseph work is not of township Harmony (The of the BookWitnesses saw Mormon the thirty miles journeyed up some and atlases. in ordinary or road shown maps roadplates, wilderness.""the as The "Colesville"to Colesville. river The only as a rule, Townships, ( are shown seebetween McKune, map Harmony

and Colesville (Nineveh), follows the on local county maps. There is no post

in Susquehanna Harmony office named distance. entire the RiverSusquehanna

of post office Harmony, r The this County. opposite page the In the map on

road is indicated by the heavy marks. Pennsylvania, is in the hamlet of HarThe beehive symbols indicate the two mony in Butler County in western

points between which the journey was Pennsylvania more than two hundred made. Except where the forests have miles from Susquehanna County. It has

been cleared for farms, pastures, and no connection with Church history.

a few villages, the area still is fairly The families living in the Town heavily wooded. ( township ) of Harmony lived along the

Susquehanna River, the township being "Tpo understand fully the circumstances approximately eight miles wide. Near

surrounding the restoration of the its western border was the settlement

Melchizedek Priesthood, it is important called McKune. (The little cemetery SUSQUEHANNA RIVER IN THE WILDERNESS

to know the conditions under which it still is called the McKune cemetery. BETWEEN HARMONY AND COLESVILLE

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

And this is highly significant: The

only persons outside the immediate family of Joseph Smith who knew when the

Book of Mormon plates were to be delivered to the Prophet were Joseph

Stowel. Josiah They were

the By JOHN D. GILES, &* Wanar, of tL '&*"Knightat the homeand when Joseph brought

plates there on September 22, 1827.

uanva,

iSyoome Lountu, Vfew UJom

referred to was not a city or village. It with Emma, but also on the Stowel farm

was a township, called in New York in South Bainbridge. Joseph Smith spent

as in Pennsylvania and New England most of the year 1826 in Stowel's em- a "town."What caused the Prophet ploy. During part of the summer of

translatto leave off and his it is companion that that year believed Hale Emma

THE WILDERNESS BETWEEN HARMONY AND ing the plates and at Book of Mormon a guest Knight was home. the Joseph COLESVILLE, LOOKING TOWARDS CHENANGO

make this journey we have not been told; Joseph Knight had been with Josiah COUNTY, NEW YORK

but a number of related circumstances Stowel when Joseph Smith was first employed by him in October 1 825. BeIn fact, it was Joseph Knight's wagon

tween them—Stowel and Knight—they that was used by Joseph and Emma

had at that time agreed to advance when they went to Cumorah to get the enough money to the Smith family on plates at the time designated by the a wheat purchase to enable them to Angel Moroni, according to the account make the last payment on the Smith of Lucy Mack Smith, Joseph's mother.

farm in the Town (township) of Manchester in Ontario County, New York. After the Prophet had moved to

Although this arrangement was never Harmony, to escape the increasing completed, it was through no fault of persecution at Manchester, Joseph

Joseph's new friends. (Continued on page 371

JOSEPH KNIGHT'S FARM OPPOSITE NINEVEH,

TOWN OF COLESVILLE, BROOME COUNTY, N.Y.

indicate some possible reasons. In the

"Town"of Colesville across the Susquehanna River (see map) from the village of Nineveh, lived Joseph Knight, a prosperous farmer, miller, and wool carder. Near him lived his son, Newell

Knight, also a wellto-do farmer.

Around these two families the Colesville

Branch, one of the early branches of the

Church, was organized in 1830. Some

five or six miles away in the Town (township) of South Bainbridge, now

Afton, in Chenango County (see map) was the farm of Josiah Stowel, spelled in early history Stoal and in some old deeds and records Stowell.

Joseph Knight and Josiah Stowel were the Prophet's trusted friends. He had

worked for Josiah Stowel, not only in a mining venture in Susquehanna County where he met the Hales and fell in love

LOOKING FROM JOSEPH KNIGHT'S FARM

TOWARDS VILLAGE OF NINEVEH JUNE, 1945 339:.:

Toimportanceno peopleof onworldearthknowledgehas the been of greater value than to Latthou- Saints.terday With countless the FROM SAGEBRUSH sent into missionariessands of

world since the organization of the

Church, there is hardly a country in the the pages of the Era (March 1942, p. On the rare occasion of a brief visit

world that has not been touched by 134; and September 1944, p. 537 ) with an English family who had recentsomeone carrying the gospel message. ly moved to Iran, he went to visit the

Impressive as the official record of /\f so great interest were these fragruins of an ancient city,our missionaries is, the record becomes mentary reports of his work, that... so old that no one knows what or

even more phenomenal when we conthe Era asked and obtained permission when it was. But it had over a million

sider the great number of unofficial misto gather from his letters and articles houses as revealed by excavations of people sionaries who have traveled throughsomething of the significance and scope who were hunting for treasure after someout the world, building good will and of the work he is doing as well as some one had found a string of priceless black gaining respect both for the Church and of the conditions that prevail in that pearls. We went to the far end of the ruined

great ally of ours in the fight for democcity and there, quite by accident, we found foundry. I picked glass site of an ancient racy. the

bottles, like glass of little up fragments

Of the situation in which Professor perfume bottles.... little

Winsor found himself, he related:

THo an American, many problems imof our very own much reminds Iran me themselves, but presented mediately western of the of portions and Southwest serious dethan the none more grave capital, the Teheran, America. strip of South

is situated on the south side of a chain of ficiency of control works, the unsettled high mountains that separates the rest of the state of the country, and the extreme country from the Caspian Sea. The valley difficulty of getting the needed appropsurrounding the city is very much like our riations to carry the work forward.

Salt Lake Valley, with its great salt lake When these situations were added to and a desert beyond similar to the Great the slight rainfall, the feudalism which of series mounrugged Desert. American A still resultant the was prevalent—with northin the Tabriz tain extend from ranges the of for the masses, lack education and

the along Caucasus, west, and Turkey near suffering underfrom overpopulation Gulf, Persian then of the on border the west down the coast to the southwest corner of nourishment—the enormity of Professor

the country. The interior is a high plateau Winsor's task becomes at once apwith scattered mountains, barren of vegetaparent.

tion, surrounded and separated by great The feudalistic system permits at stretches of desert. times a village or a string of villages to

be owned by a single individual or a

That its early culture was great has family, who in turn rents the land and been indicated in history. But Mr. the water to the peasants. The owner

Winsor has discovered for himself furnishes the land, the water, the seed, further evidence of its greatness the oxen for plowing, and in turn takes

This time out I have discovered the tracks onefifth of the crops for each of these of ancient engineers who were marvels. services. Thus, the peasant, who does

They really did things in a big way 2500 the work, gets at best only onefifth for

LUTHER M. WINSOR years ago. I traced out two canals, one on all his endeavors.

either side of the river with numerous The integrity of Mr. Winsor is evibranches or laterals that are one hundred denced throughout his letters. On onefor the membership that constitutes the

occasion wrote heChurch. TERRAIN AIRPLANE THE VIEW OF WHERE THE

not been willing to serve have IRRIGATION... I IN MAKING AUTHOR TRAVELED those are in the latter group Foremost PLANS express at the goneexperts have who

request of various governments, that, recognizing the ability of some Latterday Saints, have asked them to come to the aid of their governments in helping solve some of their problems.

The government of Iran, descendent from the great Persia of Cyrus and

Darius, has twice within recent years called for help from Latterday Saints, once when Dr. Franklin S. Harris was

asked to come, and later when Professor Luther M. Winsor was requested.

Professor Winsor has remained for better than three years, serving as directorgeneral of irrigation, having been given leave by the United States state department from the United States department of agriculture.

His particular assignment is to indicate ways in which Iran can husband its precipitation and rescue its runaway water in order that the indigent poverty feet wide in the bottom and thirty or more as a tool for establishing spectacular projwhich has persisted in that country may miles long. The main canals are seven hunects, that call for huge appropriations, from

be alleviated and eventually eradicated. dred feet long, six miles below the intakes which could be extracted great fortunes for

Something of the activity of Professor and are sixty or seventy miles long, respecthe personnel in high offices. I have insisted

Winsor has already been recorded in tively. on working on projects that will help people

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sonal relief, for in a little writeup he mentioned that he was grateful that the he could because had army come now eat. better to food / js getto e there of other That were moments <=>LJ<uned respite from hardships is indicated from—land

another letter:

I was the king's guest at a most gorgeous (compiled from JLelteH by oLuifief ///. vvitlSOr camp. The tents were of the old make, over

MEMBER OF THE CHURCH AGRICULTURE ADVISORY COMMITTEE embroideryfifty years linings—eachold, colored panelcanvas(wallswithaboutsilk

AND ADVISOR TO THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN nine feet high) having intricate designs of exquisite handwork....

Meals were served on the finest china with who are on the land and who are starving for Such appreciation naturally brought the cut glass and silver—even cut glass shades want of some water. Also I insist that the moisture to my own eyes and made me feel for the candles. First meal—clear broth

money set up for the work go into conthat it has really been worth the sacrifice soup then mountain trout, fresh from a cold struction and not into hundreds of pockets to have made in these three years of separaon the way—for this reason I am not suption.

ported by certain officials and employees.

But I am building a reputation for fair play In another letter he actually gave the and the people will trust me with their own terrible amount that had gone into this money. That is what really counts, and system

that is how the work is made to go forward.

... a large beautiful valley, with a popuin the principal lation has of town, 20,000 Elder pays the following Winsor for to years ten tunnel waited be a comtribute the king to pleted crystal bring to a beautiful from water

I have known for a long time how deepstream.the governmentThis projecthundredshas costof millions.the people and

ly interested his majesty is in my work in the the that and affect various problems for of food The matter was difficult trip people; but it took a camping common

in he stated Professor although Winsor, really the to discover wonderful for me spirit of the man. He really and sincerely May 1942:

is concerned the his welfare people, of about variety food, of the and is a There good

I that he the and trying knows work am is prohibitive. to price Beef not is very poor

is the do to better the living of problem key in price. reasonable are but Vegetables

conditions.

plentiful. quite natives use greens The On the end of the trail on the second day, great deal, everything from spinach toa

as his majesty was ready to enter his car grass, and even grapevine leaves. I have

for the sixty mile trip back home, he took had fresh strawberries, apricots, cherries, my hand, and with moist eyes, he said: "I etc. The natives have been eating green

want you to know how deeply I appreciate plums for a long time now. I don't know yet

your efforts in behalf of my people. We how they prepare them, but I see them on

have had many eminent engineers come to the market. Carrots, onions, etc., are on

Iran to study our irrigation problems. They sale the year around. I have honey for deshave come carrying reports, and have gone sert, but I miss the butter. They have plenty

again, but you are the first in hundreds of of it, but I can't manage to eat it somehow.

years to remain long enough to do us any butter I got cans of rations two while in my

.. good. difficulties countless have. You British with a convoy, gone. ELDER WINSOR IN TRIBAL CHIEFTAIN'S REGALIA they but are

thrown in your path, but you have had the It was a treat while it lasted. Put up in

courage to stay on and overcome these barwater stream, and plenty of them. (I had

beginning to reap the we are riers. Now LUTHER

benefits tireless of your efand persistent MEN WHOM. WINSORHELD SACRAMENTAND THE THREESERVICEL.D.S. sheepthree forsteak,each ofthenthreechilkmeals)kabobthen (ricemountainand

IN IRAN lamb barbecued), then caramel cake and sauce and fresh fruit. What a meal for a

hungry man! There were three meals on this

order and one breakfast.

This has been the crowning event of my experience in Iran thus far and gives me courage to carry on a little longer.

But, of course, there were some inconveniences even under these favorable circumstances.

I am sitting rather softly on the chair tonight for the reason that we made the trip on horseback and the king is a hard and fast rider.

This trip which he made with the king of Iran was for the purpose of studying the site for a proposed dam, which Mr.

Winsor had studied for almost a year, discovering what geologists had overlooked, that there had been a natural dam creating a fresh water lake some centuries earlier.

forts, and I want you to know how I apAustralia. I have some powdered milk and The conditions that Professor Winpreciate it. God grant that you will have some malted milk I brought along—tomato sor found were very primitive; in fact,

health and be protected to carry this great juice and tuna. he states that most of the harvesting was

program on through to a successful condone by sickle, and that there are still clusion."However, this must have been sea- (Continued on page 373)

JUNE, 1945 341

I have been much troubled by headaches for a few days past. It cannot be from

yet I choose, than I fast more prayer for a cure. urance< surfeiting,I shall try abstinencefor and

He wrote: Oh, how rapidly time flies, and how little we seem to accomplish as a mission, yet

their language, and little of and learn them, weariness night brings and man*k the we labor all the day long, but little among each returning fatigue to me and I doubt not to my fellows.

The water continued to fail, and prospects became so discouraging that it

Brothers that Roundy, agreed SOUTHERN INDIAN was north Riddle, and Hamblin, Hardy go to look after the welfare of their families, and that the other missionaries work MISSION at Parowan and Cedar City for provisions for the winter. Brother Brown

had as his companion the eighteenyear- old Ira Hatch, and the two of them tSu sruanita vSrooki worked together during the summer, hauling hay and doing other farm work in return for produce.

Brother 22, September Brown On give not $5.00 said, "I captain III would Conclusion Part visit his family to permission given was raise likely to all are the for wheat we at he conditions north. in the home Of idea fails, give excerpts brief there some this season. and water The sick wife writes, and been was hadThese "My Indians, is it the six is of the before heading among work wheat our spirits recovering, her were but much at quote to temptation the ground. the and us inches Let though go above provide care to depressed, having much

is are such strong. the There length for yeargreater for and coming labor food

is inchildren. Poverty herself for and recorder this; that the fact of part usincidents the also as a not upon depend for the burden, and a heavy deed in of dissatisfied Inleft off his bunch the a inkwell pen and go among may years, in time, advancing her even firstmy the fulfill pillow mission."as that a thus our dians servedgrass him Some and

it."he bear to to begin has wife Though

this, retrace to forced butnight of agreed before, the brethren with and was felt stayed that should he have perhaps it. find to at halfhis "the present that crops argued day others steps nearly a to started for them, to provide back he Indians found stories the to but prophof much, are be seem notThere do how after 12, his a mission October on

is this that articles ets the concealed place toldlost kept them us and have visit. twelveday result offered this for thatuntil rewards year."missionaries they the was The his crops at found he Back Harmony yet. high not the to considered natives enough decidedthat the abandon work

hills all all of twelve gone, about but difficulties, is fascinating return. a minor werefor their There There many corn, of three shocks dug, only potatoes

trip, bereturn those such their as recorded below: ofaccount made of poor sheaves wheat twenty about and of gone, their provisions and werecause

1 acres. toil his his the Saturday, The on about from two July. Working 19th. at arrivaltheir on June Harmony

The missionaries felt that their first contact with the Indians of the south had been good; they hoped for even better results from the fact that Jacob

Hamblin and William Henefer had been left on the Santa Clara to continue the work among the natives. These brethren

remained for three weeks longer, and returned at last because of lack of provisions.

The record tells of how Michael, an

Indian, tried to show how his friendship for the Mormons had grown "a little and a little till it was as long as the first part of his forefinger, then it increased until it was as to the middle joint, and since we had talked so much to him and he had been baptized, and was eating bread with us, his friendship was as big as his finger, pointing the whole length of it."

This was a good beginning, certainly, but perhaps Brother Brown would not have been so encouraged had he known that when an Indian gave full confidence he measured it by the full length of his NAVAJO INDIAN HOGAN OF NORTHERN arm. At least, this, one of the most difcamp and to save our boots and shoes, some ARIZONA

ficult missions of the Church, was under walk barefooted. I have tried it but the sand

way. and soil are intolerably hot. A day of cleancrops of all the missionaries were proto I attempted 6c. a pair baking, wash the ing, pressing than More immediately

off skin the rubbed socks of cotton and matconverting of the Indians was the my portionallyter crops thansmall,others.thoughTheysomeallhadbeganbetfingers. I suppose yet won't This do, and

ter of providing themselves food for anit must, for sisters are "non est inventers."work making adobes for the fort, cutting

other season. Unacquainted with the How can I get help to wash? Will the sispickets, digging for foundations, and

climate and the trials of new irrigation, ters take such pay as I get from the Lord? trying to complete their shelters before

they had many problems, until their I fear not. ( Continued on page 368

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PYTHON

EGGS

l/Dij rvlawin \J. Adkton

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

I was a lad, an educatorWhencame to Salt Lake and delivered a lecture which he called "Python Eggs."I think it not strange at

all that I remember it so well. He reminded us that in India the python takes

a toll of thousands of human beings each year. It lays its eggs in the jungle.

If the egg hatches, a little demon crawls through the grass and in time becomes as big around as a man's leg. When it

matures it climbs a tree, lies in wait on an overhanging limb and strangles its victims, as shown by our artist. In destruction of life the only competitor of

the python in India is the Bengal tiger.

The native boy in India is taught to—Illustrated bg J. A. By water

keep his eyes wide open for python eggs. When he finds the reptile's egg, if not killed in the shell, wraps itself

he applies his heel and turns. If he around us and strangles us to death. will throw him on the floor and put the

doesn't, that egg develops into the Each reptile starts with a seed laid in liquor through his teeth. The boy on the

monster that later devours his pet lamb the grass. Don't let it hatch. spot rises to the occasion. Like a waror goat. Yes, that demon might enWell do I remember a story told by rior he faces his foes. He has a secret

is the mother: young on The man it is didn't sister they his brother. or dreamtwine own No my of—here scaffold the hanged. ready Before to be them, they gets through he with that the has brown boy whenwonder weapon—when is is his noose given put over he head sizzle. jungle the python, the thecrushed of eggechoes a cry of triumph. any wish. He asks for his mother—she "Wait a minute,"says he, "let's see if

Incomes. to goes him. She embrace it I you'll teeth. put to through want my I interestthe way, remember an By kissing bites her, stead of piece out he a tell story. a you natives,ing of story python: a The all the of cheek. her anguish with Then I out, years as a ago was "Some boy this of the of devil ofaware powers his cries out, of soul he "Mother, why tonight. a him drinkThey amIndia, his capture, panic. in But were I didn't stole teach those you when me refused. he weakened They engineered, easy. properlywhen offeredurged—he was in didn't pencils stop you school—why full. just night that thimble took and a: In theThis locality plan the where was It to to books, horses then went me? it readily. took he Next more week seen, lastthe python goat was a was I die. to mother, now, about am Why it him. that offered After to only be had didn't tochained natives a The didn't taking teach Yes, those me?"you fell in Boys, he drunkard. a became He blat to wait the heardhave long—theypost. pencils egg. a python egg was was The girl. beautiful love he with course a Ofof the the to rushed poor left goat—they hatch. to straightened courting her. while up Hescene, there the chained python and was start his drunkard with makes The she family her opposed and knew wereto like the that trout had a sip, is sip that just but egg. the a python stake—yes, drink. to married. year were They itjust fly A the conhook; lay swallowed

quered. T-Tere's a story I heard told by a girl latertime ahebabyhad camegone tobacktown,to butdrink.by thisHe

of drunk. one to come home On

hisHThe monsters within ourselves that hold inof Wayneme: A boyStake.goes toThea party.story Theytook beganthese nights challenged he was by

eggs. destroy with us begin harmless offer fruit (It wasn't him a cocktail. a all wife. she stood about good had She

heels don't put our and on themIf we is cocktail.) gang He could. In desperation thundered, she refuses—the

liketurn the the finds he boy when pyIt is is he. but determined, only so a 'Bill, this, like again you and come home

us. egg, destroython they full, is refuses. thimble called but he He to the I'll take go mothand baby home

Liquor is like the python. Egotism, "pantywaist,""mamma's boy"—but he er!'Well, the demon within him broke

too, lays its eggs in the jungle. Hatred stands his ground. They tell him he must loose. He grabbed her arm. It was as

begins with a small insignificant seed. drink with the crowd and smell like if it were held in a vise. He threw her

Selfishness, if not checked, grows big, a man. The gang is determined to have out into the Wyoming blizzard. She

and lies in wait to destroy us. Dishonhim come across. Finally with jaws set, grabbed 4he baby, also an overcoat

esty has its fangs and takes its toll, and they tell him if he won't be game they ( Concluded on page 358

JUNE, 1945 343 mi By ROSA LEE LLOYD

SHUT But Ricky decided not to go to bed. "They know things, Rick."Skeeter

Instead he stopped before the hall mirwent on, smoothly. "They've been

ror, slicked his pocket comb through his places. You've never been off Poplar

curly dark hair, then tiptoed out the Avenue. Look, don't have

front door and ran down the icy sideto work. All you Rick—yougotta do is learn a few walk to Mr. Garrett's corner store a tricks like this—

block away. Ricky watched Skeeter with terrified

The kindly, stooped old man was fascination while he opened the car very amused. "Hmm, so Ed Brooks'door with a long wire pick.

boy wants a job so he can earn a birthThen a strong, heavy hand came out day present for his mother? Well, I of the darkness and grasped Ricky's

don't have any English Spode like Tug shoulder. Patrolman Jamson's voice

bought for her. But I'll tell you what chilled through him. "What are you

I'll do. I'll order one specially for you. kids up to?"

first brother's S'pose your you know thing, Skeeter around. a swung "Not right that job behind penny counwas quiver. a said without he Jamson,"Mr.

ter?"just telling his us about "Ricky was new Garrett, "Gee, beamed. Ricky Mr. store. thing at Garrett's Swell Mr. to here want where work right Tug like that."job have a I—tojob did."

He patted Ricky's shoulder with a Ricky's heart beat up into his throat.

friendly old hand. "All right, my boy, Mr. Jamson still held his shoulder and

you start tomorrow. We'll say twentylooked at him closely, turning his flashfive cents an hour from four till seven. light in his face.

How's that?""Aren't you Ed Brooks'youngster?"

I'll asked. swell, nodded. I he Garrett. Ricky "Well, "That's Mr. Now, RICKY DRESSED QUICKLY AND folks to speak to your RAN TO THE can have can about you and best cup buy the saucer you STAIRWAY AND PEERED DOWN

order, Mr. Garrett."chasing the streets at night. Now head

for home."night. fled wild through the Ricky A so happy when was sigh from trembling came R,.icky fled since with fear him. could he Ever

for that started walkhe he was homethe of elevenyear-old Ricky's bottom A his lived Skeeter, with remember, who felt the clouds. could ing that he onheart He as he in the big watched mom in boardinghouse, a had mocked dad

pull star out the sky of reach a and upchair listening the before to the radio for being "goodiegoodie boy."a him

for mom. since the news.war Nothing same was inches older year and a two was He familiar a halfway was home whenhis He brother, war. to gone Tug, had bullied taller Ricky. always had and

called the sharply shadows voice from will in birthday here be"Mom's few a Skeeter, told about he had Once Tug car. a parked by wistfully,days,"I've thought he "and afraid, said, be had "Don't and Tug "Hi, Rick!"find togot to her a cup a and buy way fight. kid, to fellow has sometimes a As heart Ricky's Skeeter Hampton! like I'vesaucer do. to to got used Tug right as the you're long on you know

his jerked to Skeeter as toes dropped fortake over Tug."side, half licked before got you've him

older with into the him shadow two chair, his the against leaned hand He start."you boys.lingering shoulder. her on

"Good night, Mom,"he said. "What's the hurry, Runt?"He pulled

She looked at him, her brown eyes Ricky's leather cap over his eyes. Ricky M,LOM was still huddled by

tender and almost smiling like they used struggled free and raised his chest, the radio when Ricky crept into the hallto do when Tug was home. His heart proudly. way. He longed to go to her and tell

lifted as he pressed his lips hungrily to "Everything's keen,"he said. "I just her what had happened and how afraid

her cheek then the announcer's voice got a job at Mr. Garrett's store."he was of Skeeter. He took a step toYOU'LL BE SURPRISEDand Satisfied when uoa mad tkld stom

cut through the room—"This is ChesSkeeter's laugh cut through the cold ward her, then hesitated and turned

ter Dayton, bringing you news from our night. "A job! Ain't that keen! I know back to the stairway. He couldn't woramphibious forces with the Pacific what that old droop pays—twentyfive ry mom when she had to worry about

fleet—"cents an hour and him with a sack of Tug and the war.

Mom turned quickly to the radio, dough hidden away. Not for me, Rick, His steps dragged as he went to his

twisted the dial to make the voice I'm too smart. Listen, you can be smart, room and shut the door. He shivered

louder. too. This is Don Henley and Al Browel when he crawled into bed. It was so

"Run up to bed, dear,"she said, unfrom Eighth Street—"cold and dark and lonesome as he put

aware that she hadn't returned his goodRicky forced a smile and raised his his arms around the pillow. He rememnight kiss. hand. 'Hi,"he said weakly. (Continued on page 364)

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Slaugh, formerly bishop of the Second

Ward, as bishop.

Lark Ward, formerly a branch, has been organized in the West Jordan Stake with R.

'V'-r--.*,.|rrr/-..'-'r;r;".-M* 'Clyde bishop. as Crump Ckweh Moves Cm La Jolla Ward, San Diego Stake, has been

Baccalaureate Sermons marine fighter, used his leisure to design Bairdcreatedas frombishop.the branch, with George Q.

an airplane for private use in peacetime. Birdseye Branch, that the baccalaureate Stake, sermons Palmyra has been A mong His everything"design "had "** according organized part from of the Thistle Indepenleaders have Church been called

the judges. dent Branch with T. E. McKean, formerly give to the as academic terms to upon

of Thistle as Branch, In branch president. June 1944, Popular Science magahead to close these are a draw

zine inaugurated contest for profes- a of President the Clark, Bishops, Reuben Presiding Jr., Elders J.

sionals nonprofessionals and to submit will First Presidency graduaddress Alberta Branch, Stake, "Pershing Lester detailed drawings planes of they would ates the *- State Agricultural of ColUtah succeeds Lee Sheffield. Heber W. like to Pfc. own. FotherLeRoy Don 10. lege at Logan, June Groveland Blackfoot Stake, Ward, Golfirst in ingham prize the nonprofeswon den President succeeds H. Hale of the O. Michael David Johnson, Jr. McKay

First Presidency will address graduates sional class. Don's entry, consisting of Ferron Ward, Emery Stake, Thomas H.

of the University of Utah at Salt Lake penciled drawings and an explanatory Worthen succeeds Perry E. Snow.

City, June 3. essay, was worked out on tissue paper Iona Ward, Idaho Falls Stake, Clifford N.

Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Counduring the few hours he was off duty. Scoresby succeeds Bruce Olsen.

cil of the Twelve will address the He has seen service on Roi, Namur, Excommunications

Saipan, Tinian, the Carolines. and class graduating of Brigham Young D. Whitehead, a seventy, JIerl born His drawing designed jetpropul- a *"* University at Provo on June 3. 2, August 1898. Excommunicated sion plane like which he would to own 31, in 1945, March Valley View Big Ward, is after the finished. Dedication war use wise His Cottonwood Stake.

Dresident David O. McKay dedicated of his leisure won the prize consisting Mary Virginia Templeman Whitehead,

the chapel of the Ogden Twentyof a $1000 War Bond, for him from born August 30, 1918. Excommunicated

three 31, in March among entries. 1945, thousand Valley View Big Ward, first of the Stake, Ben Lomond Ward

Stake. Cottonwood attends church Roy whenever pos15. April Eugene Reif, priest, Plamer born sible, Februhis sends tithing and to the Walnut

ary 17, 1915. in Excommunicated Logan Park of California. Salt School formerly Superintendent Lake Ward He Heights Ward, San Stake. Diego in Falls. Idaho jr. sulived Bennion, seminary M. Lynn Kenneth Farnsworth, a seventy, born Jan- D'19, uary 1902. the pervisor of department Church Excommunicated April 9, Missionaries Released 1945, in Central Park Ward, South Salt of education 26, as April Lake named was

superintendent of Salt Lake City nP'HE following missionaries were released Stake.

during April Clare Walter Card, 1945, * others a seventy, prenot and born May schools, succeeding Howard McDonald, 3, 1898. reported: Excommunicated April 16, 1945, recently appointed president of Brigviously in Eldredge Salt South Ward, Stake. Lake Brazilian: William Seegmiller, Salt W. University. appointBoth Young ham Eliza Parry Ann Meservy, born 28, June City; Pratt Lake Seegmiller, Ada Salt Lake 1. are effective ments July 1883. Excommunicated 21, March 1945, in City.

East States: Central Lula K. Ririe, Nineteenth Ward, Salt Lake Stake. Moss, "Liahono"Discontinued

Idaho; Ririe, T. Hyrum Moss, Idaho.

["iahona, the elders'journal, the semiEastern States: Roemer Kowallis, Norma

monthly Church magazine published Salt Lake City; Euzella Lovina Hill Miller,

at Independence, Missouri, has disconSt. Anthony, Idaho; Maryus M. Miller, St.

tinued publication after an editorial life Anthony, Idaho; Elizabeth Lucille Reiser,

of forty years, and its rolls of subscribSalt Lake City.

Central: North LaVerl Cline Hendrickers transferred to the edition Church of son, Glenwood, Utah; Richard James Rawor The Improveto The Deseret News lings, Preston, Idaho; Martin Christensen,

ment Era. Meanwhile the name Liahona Preston, Idaho.

has found new life in the Spanish lanNorthern California: Alice Child Servoss,

guage publication of the Mexican and Malad, Idaho; Guy Servoss, Malad, Idaho;

the SpanishAmerican missions. George W. Summers, Ririe, Idaho; Ivy May

S. Summers, Ririe, Idaho.

Clothing Drive SpanishAmerican: Eufemio Salazar, Sr

Salt Lake City. Relief Societies of the Salt LakeC take Western States: George H. Wilson, Jr., region joined in the drive recent to Panguitch, Utah.

obtain clothing for the destitute population of Europe. New Wards, Branches

Third April By Uintah Wernal 13 Stake, Ward, Roland Wright has completed 170 hours Essay Contest Winner of out combat of hours 300 needed to a V been make formed from parts of the Vernal tour. attended He in church England where and Vernal Kent,Dauline Second a member of the La First wards, with usually about Owen 40 in members were attendance.

Cienega Ward, Inglewood Stake, and a student at Susan Dorsey High School, recently won two hundred dollars in 1 first as in prize bondswar a contest MISSIONARIES s ENTERINGsponsored the Angeles Los by Examiner THE fcllla;:'1

on the subject "Significance of the Bill MISSIONARY 1 I of Rights Today."The contest was open APRILHOME16 1llilp-1

to school high students. prizes Like AND

given to juniorwere high school and APRILLEAVING 25,:&:;:&: S3&j?'-

high school winners. Three hundred7945

word essays had been submitted in the contest by ten thousand entrants.

L.D.S. Boy Wins Contest La/ Rueor'-llGriffin,f 'cmEva 'u/h-Wilkms,riglLois} t '- f 'LDraney.5t row: A,bert sPenc, George W. Simmons, Ellen J. L. Smith, Don B. Cotton,'

05 Dunkley, 'th'Catherine '$m HoPkins Hannah L. McGregor,DFC.)fc. DonDON LeRoyLeRoy Fotheringham,FOTHERINGHAM, '* wmamB; McGriorOMot'

Arthur R - Wilson, Poulson, Seventeenyear-old Sloan in L.D.S. Smith, ChriPhcr Alma Clara boy Shirley May Gowers Westover TrLrdr0W:

the Of his preSS duties as a States United "tn Fourthrow:Merion Ernest R. Wood, Clark, Wendell Martineau, Francis Joy Workman, Naylor W

JUNE, 1945 345 PGGJGQ] QMPtf

TJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake

A A Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY

By RICHARD L EVANS Sunday at 12:00 noon Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War

Time, 10:00 a.m. MountainWarTime, and 9:00 a.m. PacificWarTime.

Loncernina varieties of Jsa norance (ojtiedtiond JDeuond Smswers

Tn childhood we are excused for many mistakes on grounds HPhe questions asked by children are seemingly interminof ignorance. But long after we cease to be children there able, as those who have attempted to answer them know

are times when we would like to claim the same immunity—full well. "Why this?""Why that?""Why everything?"

which brings before us the timeworn question as to how—and every answer seems only to suggest another question.

long and to what extent ignorance is excusable. The quesAs children we ask "why?"to many things which adults

tion would be easier to answer if all ignorance were of the accept as a matter of course. We ask "why?"because what

same kind—but this it is not. Sometimes ignorance is honest is obvious to others is not obvious to us. And often those

and unavoidable. But there is also the ignorance of which whose responsibility it is to teach and to train us in our

Peter wrote, "... they willingly are ignorant.. "(II Peter youth rightly expect us to accept some answers which are

3:5)—the wilful ignorance that prefers to believe what it beyond our understanding, because wisdom and experience,

finds convenient to believe. There are also varieties and and because God and men have found the answers to be

degrees of educated ignorance, whereby, knowing full well good. In other words, as children, we are asked to

the consequences, we disregard many laws—economic laws, have faith where our knowledge and experience are lackmoral laws, laws of health, and others, for which we later ing. In childhood, also, we find that beyond all the known

pay, and from which much learning does not save us. There answers, there are always unanswered questions, and so it

—theshould ignorancealso be addedthattoprefersthe list toa typebelieveof malicioussensationalignorancerumor continuesperplexing toquestionsbe throughoutin life,allwhichour days.to answerThere arefullymanyand

rather than sober fact; the ignorance that chooses to credit satisfyingly here and now, defies all our wisdom, our underthe worst about other people even when the worst isn't true. standing, our reasoning. True, some men can answer quesSome ignorance is genuinely naive, but there is also a tions which others cannot. Some have acquired knowledge

"smart"and sophisticated ignorance—the ignorance that of greater breadth. Some have pursued further searchings

pretends to have a new answer for all the old questions; into the unknown. Some have been given insight and inthe ignorance that cynically brushes aside the answers which spiration beyond the preception and understanding of others.

God and time and experience have given. There are some But, no matter how wise or how learned we become, no

things in life for which there are no "new"answers. There matter how experienced or how richly endowed, there are

ismentioned—theyet another kindignoranceof ignoranceof lazinessthatandshouldindifference;not go unthe manygether answersdo not know,whichwhichno manall theknows,wisdomwhichof allall menof usin toall

ignorance of him who is selfsatisfied; the ignorance of him the ages, present and past, does not comprehend. There is

who ignores the wisdom of the past, or who can't be bothered still much in this world—much of great importance—whichto search the scriptures, or who is indifferent to the admust be accepted on faith—and those who rebel againstvancing knowledge of his own generation—and yet who this fact, those who will accept only what they can positively

feels qualified to criticize what he doesn't know; the ignorprove by their own objective experience, are closing against

ance of him who doesn't want his life to be disturbed by themselves the door that opens upon further light, more greater light, more truth, new discovery; who wants to betruth, greater discovery. Even as in childhood we were

lieve only what he wants to believe, because it requires an satisfied in part, we questioned in part, and we trusted in uncomfortable adjustment to believe anything else, even if part, so now, still standing as children in the presence of true. shall long Again, to be ignoranceit happens be how

still the illimitable standing children as unknown, before isjustified? question but this answer, perhaps beyond The

that matter us all, no made God and Father how who much not said though can be be condemned: Evenmuch may we

in honest ignorance, yet "it is impossible for a man to be we may yet discover, there will always be questions rising 'saved'in ignorance,"* because the progress of mankind, beyond the answers, as hills rise above the hills, on an eternal temporally or eternally, requires a condition of enlightenhorizon. But the fact that we may never know all would

ment—and not of darkness. And while we may not be be a miserable excuse for not accepting gratefully what we

accountable for what we do not know and cannot know, do know, and with it working out our salvation, proceedwe may surely expect to be accountable for what we readily ing with knowledge where we have it, and with faith where could have known but wilfully disregarded, or were too knowledge fails us, to further and yet further achievements lazy or indifferent to discover. for humankind. -"Uoctnne,. and. rCovenants:-,,lil:o—Sunday, April 8, 1945.—Sunday, April 22, 1945.

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

Tfecmplte.;tone

result of an uncontrollable cause. To the world in general, it

all inevitably which a natural we may process—something \Jn the Cxpectancu of <UJeatk is

not, therefore, be should expect, and concerning which we it or know. to to someone us surprised comes we when us too brought past the have of events week sobering 'T'he

friends, to families, beloved comlove, to to those But we that the truth the solemn to face with face more once only softens that loss, is sorrow acute panions, death a an far from is removed never death of everpresent expectancy is erased never com* of which time, the with and memory us can of it not. realize or None of any we us—whether either or us to near, to pletely. death comes when And unknown; the it. to great the alike It and to comes avoid superficialities its all it life and strips love, of from those we differ unrighteous. Wherein to the we righteous the to and things as they real of face the meaning to puts us face with

it, with preparedness the in to avert but ability is in our not of It is awareness urgent what are. that an then have we judgit. the question times some such meet At which we is take with not, is can while what and we what worth circumof the bitterness find because of God. ments Some does can't, really matters and what us what and what we death. of untimeliness the of seeming stances because and death values is comes of not. compromising when no There agree not understanding, often do limited our we With it It inexorable with temporizing. comes comes when—no in men which the manner place and the time the and with is the concerned, present far finality the and scene as so

accordprosper, live who, go. see and many and come We color of the dismal, with be prospect indeed—dark either. to deserve thinking, not do of ing to our may way reality events those which the of for darkest despair—exceptwould the earned in judgment, die, have our see who, many We of for experience the him Easter commemorates—except is sorely needed. presence us live right among to whose and life, of assured to mankind death through and passed who understanding, if, perspective limited and we our with And life in of the our of kingdom the continuance Father—of pattern the of explanation give called to an were upon those while life more. no touch death who can And which

eyes, before our it daily takes shape death as life and their silence altogether not the departed for we grieve may is of purlack it all there in that led to conclude might be that surety loneliness, their they know with and sorrow may consistency. justice, lack of of But fortunately lack pose, live; that yet a renewal and death has taken, those whom

it unto us to not been given for all men, has for us and of purpose the plan is part of associations and of cherished judge, nor to execute, nor to measure out the days and the God, our Father, in whose hands are the issues of life and that grateful matters such most be of years men. We may this love, take lost those of death. you have you who To past sees things Father, our to belong the Lord who God die this that Easter if a hearts to Day: man your comfort

and things to come. And, we may be grateful for the assurhe shall also rise again, and from this life there is no parting

is in in this world, our that there plan purpose and and ance in Lord's meeting, the another look toward that not may hearts, this in lives. troubled of time one when own And this of the place. sorrows day time Thus and may own face bring, will to next the not what day knows we learn pale happiness the grow have dim, known and we grow

all eventualities, with renewed conviction, with trust and before the greater happiness of things to come. "... I am the

confidence. And again we say to all men, God lives. His resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though

purposes do not fail of accomplishment. The destiny of he were dead, yet shall he live:... Believest thou this?... men and of nations is in his hands, this day—and always. Yea, Lord: I believe."(John 11:2527.) May his peace be with us, in this hour, and in all the days—Sunday, April 1, 1945. come. to

—Sunday, April 15, 1945. (Concluded on page 363)

"Revised from "Justice in Death"Copyright. 1945.

\Jf JJeath,—and of cLife

"Teath means many things to many people

To one who has been long weary inrelease—thewelldoing, sweetit maysorrowmean blessedof

parting, and without bitterness. To a doctor it

may mean failure or the expected

JUNE, 1945 347

his ringing voice, burned into the souls of all who heard him. And his example, as in his continued temple work,

strengthened the Church in its endeavors for righteous Editorials living.

Heber J. Grant was worthy of the praise men paid

him in life and at his death. And he will receive the

best of all plaudits. "Well done, thou good and faithful A. W. servant."—/.

18561945

''"Phe Era has parted with its founder and editor. /ju,ne <=J-)a

A We have all parted with a great leader, who, as a mighty prophet of his day, pointed to the path we XX 7ith the daily press of events making us more and should tread. * more on edge and worried over the course some

But, as we look back over his life, we throb with pride of those events are taking, we need to take more time that he was our leader and prophet. His was a great to enjoy each day and the pleasures that it offers. We

life, an example to us all. must, of course, determine first the true idea of enjoyThe key to President Heber J. Grant's diversified ment and pleasure, or we may be misled into thinking

activities was his love for humanity. To bless his felthat excitement and glamor are what bring joy. If each

low men by securing the full development of their talents of us will think more deeply of the real, lasting satiswas his life's endeavor. That was the way of Jesus, factions of living, we shall realize that they will endure

whose apostle he was. throughout the eternities—and we shall need have no

Individuals were his concern. He was less interested fear, even if we should be snatched from the earth at

in average conditions than in the people who were in this very instant, for if we shall live each day to the want. He grieved for the lost sheep. Therefore, he full, we shall be prepared for any eventuality.

with persons out sought were widow who in need—the is enjoyto start in better time there which a When or business the soulhungry man, mortgage, her this right life at days moment? very the ing than now, June

aid. struggling them gave artist—and in, stated for writer as to one be reveled were made

These personal contacts brought rich response. Thousands looked upon him as their own friend. They who "Oh, what is so rare as a day in June?

had been helped, tried to serve others in like manner. Then, if ever, come perfect days!"

Thus, his influence spread.

He needed money to satisfy these desires of his Every day should be gloried in, and we should reheart. He was a keen business man, and made money solve not to be pushed so much that we neglect to find easily. His business enterprises were many. But, as he some things to liven our spirits. We must secure to ourmade money, he gave it away in help to others. He selves the satisfactions of the day right now, that we

had no love of money itself, but a consuming desire to may recapture them on that day when we most need use money for good purposes. The miser was a stranger the light and gladness of June. If we will make time

to his soul. really to see the blueness of a June sky, the greenness

Youth was ever his concern. He knew that "as the of the trees, the vividness of the flowers which now are

twig is bent, so the tree is inclined."Church and other in abundance around us, we shall be surprised how

organizations for the welfare of young people had his rapidly we shall be renewed when we return to our good will and constant watch care. In the midst of his work, doing a better job and at the same time finding

fill our days with own financial struggles he gave scholarship funds to increased joy in the doing. If we will

state and Church institutions. Education prospered unthe beauty of June, we cannot help impressing our famider his administration of Church affairs. Students came lies with the goodness of nature and the Tightness of

to look upon him as their friend and defender. the world and with the beneficence of the Creator of

The many who could not go to school engaged his heaven and earth. attention. The reading habit—continuous education Some of us become worried about world events—

is this end, to there he selected achieve goodness much and knows should be cultivated. To worry about—yet,

for of those sanity happiness the gave for he and which by the away bought good books, and our own hundreds of thousands. around us, we need deliberately to shut out these events

He recognized the power of the printed word. He for a greater part of our days. If we do so, we shall

encouraged writers, and often secured the publication find that we can think more clearly and wisely conof their product. The Improvement Era was his child; cerning that part of the world situations with which

and by his steady, forceful support, he brought it to a we need to deal.

useful maturity. All of us belong to families. We need, as never

He was patron of the arts. The esthetic nature of man before, to make for these families a haven of security

must be developed for his full joy. He became a patron in our homes. During these June days, we should make

of musicians, painters, sculptors, and architects. He greater opportunity to cement these family ties. Relaxasought out such artists, encouraged them, bought their tion is so important a part of living, that we shall be

products, and often secured employment for them in wise if we determine to let June have her way with us, their chosen fields. To the drama he gave lifelong supforcing us to an ease that will make us refreshed and

port. thus able to evaluate our lives more completely and

Above all was his conviction that full human developaccurately, and to give us the needed perspective to ment comes only from faith in God and his gospel. He think the long, deep thoughts about time and eternity.

himself was assured of the truth and reality of the Thus, each member will receive encouragement to do restoration of the whole gospel of Jesus Christ through better, more joyous work, and with fewer tensions.

the Prophet Joseph Smith. He had seen that the posToday, when June days are especially inviting, when

session of such faith had brought unalloyed happiness all outdoors fairly begs us to enjoy it, let us be wise into human lives. He, therefore, gave unsparingly of enough to store up for ourselves extra dividends for

his time and talents to the dissemination of this eternal our future happiness as well as for our present comtruth to all the world. His own testimony, borne by fort.—M. C. /.

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

This promise of the Lord, which was also a call to service among the nations, was reiterated through Isaac and Jacob, Abraham's faithful son and grandson. Evidences and The essence of the covenant thus made with Abraham

was the ancient, everlasting one, that those who are reconciliations obedient to God's law shall inherit the blessings of the

Lord. Because Jesus the Christ replaced the lesser law

of Israel by the higher one, we now speak, for the sake

J4m lAJe Lalled a of distinction, of the "new and everlasting covenant."XClll.. l/l/fiu9

The word "new"seems to have the sense of "restored,"

Lovenant jeople f as in the words of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith, "... this is a new and everlasting covenant, even that

A covenant means an agreement between two or which was from the beginning."*

r more persons. Therefore, when a member of the This covenant with Abraham was also a call to leaderChurch, as is frequently done, signs his letter "your ship. Therefore, it has been interpreted to mean that

brother in the covenant,"it implies that as Church memAbraham and his descendants were chosen to conserve bers, he and others have entered into an agreement with in purity and to advance on earth the eternal plan for the Lord, the Head of the Church. human salvation. Consequently, the seed of Abraham

The existence of man on earth is evidence that he are often spoken of as the chosen or covenant people.

in preexistent great accepted, council, the the terms

It that follow, the possession not however, does mere in salvation. the of proposed plan Otherwise he would entitles special to the of of person blood a Abraham will here. not to degree the enjoy be which he The

privileges. of the accounted one can be covenant No life results his of promised earth depends conon upon

into the people, not required entered has agreewho formity agreement. with the promise Only when we so, the with or Lord, ment having not does done keep gift, or to covenant use a then keep covenant, our and

his is part of covenant. the covenant broken "void A life. does possession in our into blossom Therefore, 6

is effect."of in clear revelation and This none a made all the is that of provision works God, must made we to Abraham in earn least, obedience, at part blessings that the by

the Lord has placed within our reach.... as many as receive this Gospel shall be called after thy

The first ordinance of the Church shows the necessity name, and shall be accounted thy seed, and shall rise up and of this principle. A man may have faith, and may even bless thee, as their father.6

have turned away from his past sins, yet to enter God's That makes true kinship within the covenant race kingdom on earth, he must sign, as it were, his agreement primarily of a spiritual nature. The covenant is a call

of obedience, his covenant with the Lord, to accept to individual obedience and cleansing, and to cooperaJesus the Christ and the principles of his gospel by subtion with the Lord in blessing, if they so permit, "all is mitting to baptism. That indeed a meaning main call of nations"of earth. the are the Those

baptism. requirement This himself, of Adam, made was true children the covenant who7; theyso acceptbecome of Abraham

1; is the earthly father of the race recontinuing and a Therefore, people. Saints the Latterday are properly

quirement participate of fully those in the would who Israel. called Israel—modern

blessings of of salvation. plan this the do who AH their the gospel, whatever short, accept those In who the people covenant become of the Lord. to themselves subject be, line descent and of who may

this is covenant, the others that with So important true the its enter the covenant ordinances, and become follow, that we are required to keep it in constant people of Israel, with full claim upon the blessings beremembrance (before the coming of Christ by sacrifice) stowed upon Abraham. They become, in any age, the

by the regular partaking of the sacrament. membership of the authoritative Church of Christ.

Such covenants, to be valid, must be made through Brigham Young confirmed this view divine the authority power, with its Church, and known as the priesthood. at of All Latterday Saints enter the new 'and everlasting covethe head Adam, who stood

the Church in his day, was a high priest, and conferred nant when they enter this Church. They covenant to cease

of the cherishing sustaining, the upholding and kingdom like others. authority history early Thus, man's on from

. everlasting the enter to suscovenant and Devil. new They earth, there to opportunity these on ample was make

.. of the take tain the of most a God.. Kingdom.. They vow authoritative, sacred the with covenants Lord. Unthat, too, earth, kind, the before solemn and heavens and upon

is fortunately, well as succession of apostasies known, a their will that truth of sustain salvation, the validity they own and corruptions of eternal truth left many wandering and righteousness instead of wickedness and falsehood, and outside the realm of the covenant people. The restorabuild up the Kingdom of God, instead of the kingdoms of this

tion of the gospel in our day leaves no one now with world.8

that excuse.

with as a choice Abraham The covenant was held time, centuries after a when There came Adam, of Israel, people descended from by the his possession righteousness, desired of a lover Abraham, to make covenants with the Lord, and to receive the priesthood. Abraham through Jacob. Throughout the centuries the

His forebears, who had come down a priestly line, had Israelitish prophets discussed it, and held it as an ideal

Christ, before the people. the a promise and Jesus and righteousness. turned from decided, therefore, away He

often of it. his followers, spoke In our day the Lord idolatry, to seek where, a place freed from surrounding

it of the runs it. Indeed spoke through whole the he might worship Lord thus apagain properly. When

It lies in course of the dealings Lord's with man. deep proached, covenant the Lord a wellknown with made

Abraham, which makes us doubly a covenant people. the gospel structure. But it is an effective covenant

only to those who obey God's law, of which the coveHe said:

part. nant is a

of nation, great I will I will bless thee a thee and make And Israel true ancient children not to the of were The all great nations, thy measure, and name make above among faith their father today. of are so not Abraham. They

blessing after shalt thee, thy seed that a unto be thou and his the of part in Nevertheless, promise, kept has a Lord this shall ministry their Priesthood bear they hands unto and: l * Concluded on page 375 all nations.3 D.1BD.'& C.C. 2254:4

xMoses 6:64 "Abraham 2:10

2D. & C. 84:39 Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 150

3Abraham 2:9 (See also Genesis 17:2-7.) 8Discourses, p. 160

JUNE, 1945 349 ZJo >v/t lA/ardd and Stakes and TrjUiion SDranckes—

REMEMBER JUNE 10 eMettieiefc "\a/e send this final word of reminder is stake, in the membership priesthood whose will prethere be * * branches and of wards the commemoration concerning at are themselves individuals the whether soldiers, of sent, returning some whom Melchizedek the of restorationthe service, otherwise in the or away. home, in the offices to ordained been have may on the secobserved to bePriesthood general at of attendance percentage The shortly only Priesthood Melchizedek as announced by of June, Sundayond calculated sessions conference be of must

letter No. P-ll, dated April 27, 1945, before leaving home, and who may not on the basis of those who are actually presfrom the office of President George Alyet have been brought into quorum acent in the room where the general session

bert Smith, and, as noted, with program tivity. This commemoration could well is held, divided by the total stake population.

suggestions, in our issue of last month serve as an opportunity to welcome all Brethren, we are not striving for records

Father's "feed our but to or percentages, acPriesthood into Melchizedek(seep. 281, May Era). such these at attendance sheep."The splendid tivity, to impress them with the and

This date has been set apart for this magnitude of their calling, and with the various meetings recently has been most gratifying, First Presiencourage the action of you in your and wepurpose by has privileges of the the Lord greatness fine efforts. with Twelve, the of Council anddency in this people his and given Church brethren, Faithfully your is introelse "nothing that requestthe of restoration the through dispensation

Twelve, of the meetings Council on in the sacramentduced priesthood. this the

Smith, Albert George interfere with will thatnight in any way this a say, make Brethren: Again we President P-9 exercises."these proceedlet the significant occasion, and

lofty purin the with ings harmony be for program emthought A further for Ordination in Recommendation is set apart. for the day the which pose offered: In is here many ofphasis

Priesthood the Melchizedek To Stake Presidencies:

the Records for Stake meetings ago it was requested thatAttendance held in connection with stake Sometime quarterly conferences. for Orof "Recommendation new formConference Meetings

We are having the form of report used by dination in the Melchizedek Priesthood"be

Presidencies: revised Stake Authorities visiting GeneralTo the questions on the nine having form used—the

the report will hereafter of uniformity and to somewhat, to be filled appears a lack the person side to be call reverse in byThere information: following for the at figuring attendance of in the ordained. method be

supconsiderable find is a that there We behand, and books on the former of Attendance at Meetings ply

Percent it is wise deemed shortages, of paper {Based on Bishop's the Presiding patriotic ask to Total causeand invited Meetings Day and Hour Number Present Enrollment question No. additional the insert to Office

to be present) 9 by rubber stamp and continue the use of

Stake Presidency these books.

High Council We ask you to kindly discontinue the use

Welfare of any of these forms you may have with

Priesthood Leadership but the eight questions, and to return such

Mothers and Daughters books to the Presiding Bishop's Office with form. corrected the for request a

Percent blessings conchoicest Lord's the May Actual (Based onPriesthood ministry. in your tinue with you to be actual and Meeting. Enrolled Present Enrollment

(Time Held) number present) Faithfully your brethren,

High Priests Council of the Twelve,

Seventies George Albert Smith,

Elders P-10 President Priests Teachers Notice to Priesthood Leaders

Deacons Total /""'roup leaders, have you sent your quarterly group reports to your Percent V secretary? on Total quorum Based General Sessions: presidents, have you sent Quorum Population) Stake(

your quarterly report to the stake chairMorning man of the Melchizedek Priesthood Afternoon

Evening committee?

Stake chairmen, have you had your

Attendance of Priesthood Officers secretaryreports, compilecarefullythem,audit theseand forwardquorum (Credit attendance at any meeting held during visit) them to the General Priesthood ComStake Presidency High Council Stake Clerk Patriarchs mittee?

of Quorum Elders in Members Seventies Stake: of Quorums Number office at this due reports All were SecreElders Seventies Priests Quorum present: Presidencies High has response splendid April 15, and of Wards Elders Priests Seventies No. taries present: High the majority of the from been had Clerks Counselors Officers Bishops present: Ward Ward

stakes, but a few "stragglers"are holdWe desire to emphasize that the percentpresent (those to whom invitation was exing up the Church summary for the first age of attendance at the stake presidency, tended). quarter of 1945.

meeting priesthood the at attendance leadership, council, priesthood welfare, high The officers not instances, have In some the basis of the to number is to is on be computed daughters'mothers'meetings and and and group both instructions and read meeting priesthood at actually the present basis figured actually of those the be on to sent the Genreports were quorum enrolltotal the (in divided the room), the present divided by at the meeting, numby ber of those who are announced in the conment of the priesthood in the stake. The eral Priesthood Office, rather than to

ference schedule as being expected to be total enrollment includes all who hold the the stake chairman for checking and 350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA liquor and the law simply do not get along together. "There is an affinity

between liquor and lawlessness that produces a violator for every regulation and a cheater for every tax.""Repeal"

did not change the nature of alcohol orHftiestdood make liquor lawabiding. The problem

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE of liquor is still unsolved. This is a

TWELVE-—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. challenge to humanitarians.

LEE, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E.

YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG. ANTOINE R. IVINS How To Make Smoking Unpopular

Cince tobacco "is not good for man,"is smoke? do men answer why One compilation. in necessitates delay This Forces Dry Active that they habituated have and become returning the reports inclustake for to local are option Through Drys""The it find difficult habit. too to give the up sion in reports. the stake Also some in sections active the of many is This in true cases. answer Anmany all stake reports did include not quowinning counback many other answer, in also true cases, politicallycountry—are many it rums, necessary to and return was ties prohibition. to are successes These is that people think smoke because they for completion. them to effect reported sobering have a on the it so. to smart do began smoking They Please secretaries, check with your interests stirring liquor are themwho if with few, only a any, ideas hazy about brethren! to selves eliminate of the objecsome the injurious effects of smoking they but

tionable features incident to their busiwere strohgly influenced by desire to ness. But try as they may the fact is {Concluded on page 360)

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, July, 1945

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

Writings and Discourses of John Taylor

Does the Cigaret Shorten Life?

in the 19th centuries, and 20th 72 operating an LESSON "D ecently a friend brought to our table obstacle to unity? world 303304.) (pp. World Problems

circulated maga- a copy of a widely is the world's problem What and 305), (p. 297302. Topics: The Need Text: pp.

will zine containing fail? mere an article by Dr. for why means at union human ProbPolitical Principles. The of Jesse the Study

Mercer Gebman, published under the lem Stated. The Duty to Study Correct What is the proper role of human effort at

this solving it Is great problem? any more, title of the Destruction NaPrinciples. "Murder Political by Cigarets—Whiskey less, or than the role in conhuman was to Saints in tions. interested the greatly Penicillin."The World: Unrest were We the quering deserts If of the Utah? "germs PatDisunity. Liberty. The Sustain World in cigarsaid the of use about what was

this of peace"us, are with (p. 305) what Politics. and Commoof tern Wars World ets Franklin L. and Willkie Wendell by are they? fruits the are the "inof What Idealism, for Constructive tions. Need The died Roosevelt. former D. October The telligence these concerning matters"that etc. latter 8, the at April 12, 52, 1944, and "has to begun be developed"? need What to "seek should know Discuss: we Why 63. at to are have reported 1945, in Both to order do this develop we "intelligence"inpolitical social and the comprehend and further? the (p. 305) of brand smokers same heavy been Constituthe of 297.) terests Has man"? (p.

five of cigarets—-Willkie used packages significance States the of United tion any 7475 LESSONS daily Roosevelt four and (100) (80). world the general? in the for world When Mormonism and the American Nation the writer Willkie above Mr. named different Of nainto is divided "split and up Text: 306312. Topics: Inherent pp. said wickedof but vigorous and, he because a tions"American was 299), (p. Rights. Political The the Mission Saints. of

is Spirit of the withdrawn ness, the Lord lived vitalityshaping average the AmerMaintain Rights. To ConstituHuman The

, in steps "god as a from them (p. who 300) ican indulged smoker heavy and tion the of States, etc. United American The life—a is this the devil battles"? of 301.) (p. Why less liquor. in of the use or more Destiny: And Are Competent? Can We Who probare battles"? major of two Here "god if the things Take are reports true might Helm? the same wickedness; disobedience lems: and (1) the Discuss: claim "inherent to said Roosevelt. Can Franklin of be D. nationdivision of the world the among (2) rights"unless maintained be governmental

interests"can "jarring al 299). (p. is, What question the did the heavy Now systems those recognize claims "legal as

great to these problems? solve be done drinking occasional have smoking and rights"? in experience does What Mormon Israel of elders "seek the should Again, why

'lives influence of shortening the any on is elsewhere America the and prove? What politsocial the to and and comprehend know political mission Is the of Saints? these of part prominent men? answer two For the interests ical of Does Church man"? that to mission maintain rights? human that readers. to leave question What our we field? this in to render great mission a have rights to in human need our maintained be the writer But reviewing named, above it to the great mission? and Relate What day? for portends future? the What Why facts relative situation, this of the made the idea of of God, kingdom comprehensive does the Constitution as "enterthe appear instrong statement: Christ's stand "Cigarets gospel. on based ing introduction for the of a wedge new for the dicted of L. murder Wendell it era"? think 309.) has any (p. you Do 73... LESSON life the in of Willkie prime and affairs relationship the to of problems world of Government Dream The World accomplice."hosIn the whiskey an was in the preceding as lessons? discussed What?

It 302305. Topics: Will Text: Ever pp. pital said to Willkie deprinciples the have then Mr. of should was Why? Why

the of the States "United World"? Be The the Constitution bemaintained? (Get infection, streptococcic be throat veloped a

Press Public Opinion. of the Factor and ideas surface the and try An yond to plumb resulting in three soon heart attacks,

Enlightened for ImPublic Seeks Opinion truths that is strivgreat President Taylor thrombosis. and he died of coronary provement. GovernThe of World Dream clarify.) to ing justification can What

Dr. John Harvey Kellogg wrote: ment. Some Sociological Considerations. American Melchizedek quorums see for hav-

"Disease of the heart and blood vessels National Obstacles. Human Means at Union ing Canadian quorums or quorums of other

has now become by far the greatest Will Fail. The World's Problem. The nations study material about "Mormonism

cause of death in America,... chiefly Method of World Peace. and the American Nation"? Or in discussbecause of tobacco poisoning."Dr. Discuss: President Taylor's statement ing the U. S. Constitution? Are there some

Ostler of the Johns Hopkins Medical (p. 303) that "a combination of circumfundamental considerations involved here

result in for kind the of welfare must some race? the human What expressing School, a view shared by stances

of universal religious, strive are they? (Again, to get beyond mere is specialists, heart reported to have political light lipservice in the the eventuallygovernment—moral,.."Discuss of to national and "constitutionalism"

said "disease arteries of the coronary recent Francisco. to world Conference President and San on Taylor's get down meaning.

and arteriosclerosis is frequently comorganization and gospel principles. Why Remember, he was born in England, and

plicated by the use of tobacco."are the present nations, as organized and became an American by adoption!)

JUNE, 1945 351

en e a (ogtf KJ

this people; and concerning have observed

to the land that age go ye are of NINE GENERATIONS OF SPIRITUAL LEADERS when

By Archibald F. Bennett common. Class sectionalism developed Antum,Shim; anduntotherea hillhavewhichI depositedshall beuntocalledthe

General Secretary, Genealogical Society rapidly, other churches were organized, Lord all the sacred engravings concerning and the glorious harmony of their idylthis people... and ye shall engrave on the

that things all the ye have of Nephi ( Conclusion lic life broken. was Satan Soon had this concerning people. hold observedplates (Mormon

it their of hearts, fashionand became 1:2-4.) of Nephi the Disciple 7. Nephi, Son to able Christ, deny to persecute and

imprison and faithto his put and death like the record previous Mormon, of of apostle ""Phis brother son and one ful followers. This dangerous contrend of Nephi, keepers, a descendant was to witness another a probably was until tinued the the death of Amos of well have been and a descendant may to the the Savior's -Nephites. ministry younger 305, A.D. having he recorded later of of leaders the and some Alma is the the writer as of book known He for events the of period one hundred If this family. so, that the extend would in keeping Nephi, began which he IV eleven years. this lineage of remarkable record two thirty the fourth year and A.D. Soon

the people were all converted unto the Ammaron, his brother, now kept the more generations to Moroni, the last

Lord, both Nephites and Lamanites. record. He saw Gadianton robbers guardian of these priceless messages.

The latter became white and all disprevalent, wickedness everywhere, and tinction between the two groups was all the evidences that the race was enterTheir Worthy Contribution lost. ing the violent rapids leading to their

final destruction. There must have been From Alma to Ammaron! Nine gen-

... and there were no contentions and disvery few righteous men to be found. erations of this notable family gave the

putations them, did and every among man fifteen faithful less the In year than and 321 world no A.D. being "Ammaron, justly deal another. with one they had And affairs, of the constrained the each mighty under men Ghost, did by hide Holy all in things therefore them; common among

in role the decisive the great playing records a up sacred; which yea, Lord were rich they not free, poor, were and bond and

but they were all made free, and partakers even all the sacred records which had events of his day, shaping the destiny of the heavenly gift. (IV Nephi 1:2-3.) been handed down from generation to of his nation and influencing for rightgeneration.... And thus is the end of eousness the men and women of his

Lost cities were rebuilt, and in annals the record of Ammaron."time.

of happiness the by, years eventful sped the of be would Book Mormon What in Before the died there heonly story of yet righteousone unbroken was faithnourishing without the message sacredness. obligation miracles perform. he Mighty must were wrought by their lives of labors? permaand What disciplesthe the of From selected people Jesus. among he a There were no loss the susnent world whole would lad of ten age, yearstumults nor contentions of "because of the whose name was future generaevery and own tain—our the oflove son of Mormon, in did said dwell the which and Mormon, God there forever to deleted be tion—were untohearts the him of people."the Nephi had

all scriptures sacred our from mention privilegeblessed final writing his of as ministry, their their of soulmarvelous I perceive that... art child, thou a sobertestimony:

inspiring teachings the and even very art and quick to observe; Therefore, ye when

... surely there could not be a happier are about twenty and four years old I would records written and preserved by the

people among all the people who had been that ye should remember the things that ye posterity of Alma!

created by the hand of God... but they

were in one, the children of Christ, and heirs to the kingdom of God. (IV Nephi 1:16The Posterity of Alma

17.) Alma the elder b. B.C. 173; d. B.C. 91

8. Amos, Son of Nephi 1

Alma the younger departed B.C. 73

The above named Nephi died A.D.

seventyrecord the110, having kept years. son,six kept His Amos, it in his Helamand. 1 B.C. 57 Shiblond. B.C. 53 Coriantonmigrated to the land northward

stead, for the long period of eightyfour 1 years. It is evident that through rightHelaman

d. B.C. 39 the lives ofeousness were these men

I stillgreatly prolonged. There was

peace in the land, save that in later Nephi Lehi1 years a small number of people revolted departed B.C. 1

from the church, and resumed the name 1 of Lamanites. Amos died A.D. 194. 1

Nephi the Disciple Timothy 9. Amos and Ammaron, Sons of an apostle an apostle

Amos the Elder 1 1 Nephi Jonas Amos the younger succeeded his fa- d. A.D. 110 an apostle

ther as keeper of the sacred records. By Amos the elder

this time the people had so multiplied d. A.D. 194

that they had spread upon all the face 1 of the land, and because of their prosfc 1 the younger Amos Ammaron rich. inperity exceedingly Christ were

d. A.D. d. 305 A.D. 321 left pride for worldliness, andThis room delivered the plates to Mormon their in heldand no more goods were

352 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP

Ifoiiltv SfiSWlkdL. COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY

JULY 1945 Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS

Topics and Questions—Chapter 9

"Dealing With Difficult Boys"1. Difficult boys are not necessarily bad

boys. It is a serious error to always

think a boy bad because he is difficult to control. Teachers have this tendency, however, and it should be carefully

guarded against.

2. Consider the question: "Why are certain boys extremely difficult under some

teachers but perfectly normal under the leadership of other teachers?"A

candid answer to this question will frequently place the blame where it belongs, and it won't always be on the boy. 3. Let us not overlook the possibility that

the difficult boy may be much more in need of the Church, its teachings and influence, than his less annoying associates. A good teacher will build his

class discussions and programs around the difficult boy.

10 RUTH L STBINFELDT Topics and Questions—Chapter1

"The 'Forum Method"is Edgehill the a Ward, member of (Ruth the of in teaching "forum"method de- 1. Use Steinfeldt Stake. MissSugar House

it for teachers is frequently as as good recent address during alivered the following is LANAKILA WARD, OAHU STAKE pupils. for the are teachers Many featuring Aaronic conferencequarterly

stutheir to learn much howPriesthood work.) amazed

dents really given an when know ophoodThememberstop photographof the Lanakilashows theWard,AaronicOahu PriestStake.

from priesthood boys is It our hear to from good portunity to themselves. express Ruth. was name away. far so 2. It likewell the to would be rememberMY are group the I photograph, same lower of In the in the land born Moab. was

lihood that really the only one welfare who bit the Church to their promote doing I tall, slim, dark. and was onions. of cultivating crop a by program enjoys lecture of the teaching method I Chilion eighteenth and In year met my

is teacher. the the pupils? about What infell in born him. been had love with He

Shall teach not as they enjoy them we terrible Israel, ofthe because but land a of

Saints, being taught? them Latterday of opporGive Christ more of Jesus Church land. fled to his family hadfamine He my

tunities their its to teachings. to lived speak minds ask and Thus, both we had and Israelitish in the Jehovah, God,believed

the questions bother them. temple the to privileged which through were go I in the in believed and godswhereas many

3. the in class to assist therein. wonderful Ask enumerat- a you married and be What this idols. of had thoughworship Even we

ing the the of it sacred that or advantages "forum"us through feeling to gave go beliefs,difference of and married were we discussion feel the teaching of the of boys. nearness method of place worship and together. happy werewe

that the Write them the blackboard secure and on knowledge gain Lord and I husband, most met a wonThrough my this study them. world, in just together, not be would we told hisderful mother, Naomi, woman, who

spirits bring the eternity; for but would we in her clear simple and about a way,me

forever. into ours the world would be just that kind aGod, and he Jehovah; was

God and was the only true God. I began to Naomi, with a bundle grasped in her hands, That evening, the first in our new home,

love and trust Jehovah, not only as my huswith tears running down her wrinkled we knelt together in the living room and band's and his mother's God, but as my cheeks, and I could not leave her. John asked God to bless our home and all

God, too. So I said, "Intreat me not to leave thee, therein; my heart was filled with happiness

Then death came into my little realm of or return from following after thee: for and peace in knowing that the spirit of God

happiness and took my husband, his brother, whither thou goest, I will go; and where was welcome in our home, and that John

and Naomi's husband with him. thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall held the priesthood of God which was our

I was lonely, but Naomi was more alone. be my people, and thy God my God."(Ruth protector against evil.

One day she gathered together her few pos- 1:16.) We were happy together; happy in doing

sessions and started on the long, weary Arm in arm, Naomi and I trudged across things together. I went to Relief Society

journey homeward. the desert to her homeland, both of us secure and met with the sisters of our ward and

But I loved my Naomi, so I also took a in the belief that Jehovah, our God, was taught a Primary class; John went to his

few belongings and we went together. When watching over us. priesthood meetings and taught a class in

we came to the border of my land, Naomi Since that time, my name, Ruth, has stood Sunday School; we both attended Mutual

held me close to her, bidding me farewell, for belief in God, for loyalty and love. and sacrament meetings and went to the

telling me to return to my own people. I * * * * ward parties. We were busy and happy in

looked back over the road of my homeland, knowing that we were contributing a part the one we had just traveled, seeing the green My name is Ruth. of our lives in doing a part of God's work

grass and cool woodlands, and then I gazed I was born in the Salt Lake Valley. here upon the earth.

ahead at the hot, dusty road that led across I am tall, slim, and dark. And when several times we were waked

a scorching desert to a strange land that I In my eighteenth year I met John and fell in the late hours of the night by the ringing had never seen. Then I looked at poor in love with him. We both belonged to the (Concluded on page 354)

JUNE, 1945 353

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Aaronic Priesthood

(Concluded from page 353) WARD TEACHERS of the telephone, someone asking John to come and give a sick member of their family The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and a blessing, John would quickly get dressed strengthen them;

and hurry off to give comfort and aid to someone through the power of the priestAnd see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with hood, and I at home, would be proud of my each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

husband, and proud of the priesthood he And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the held.

Then the sounds and cries of a world at members do their duty. ( D. & C. 20: 5355.

war tore my husband from me and took him many miles away over land and ocean to fight. This war broke into my realm of happiness and left me alone in our little home. l/l/ard Jeachtier6 n/feidaae for dune, 1945

And John across the many miles, as feel he could though the bitterness and con- 'SUSTAINING THE GENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH'heart, fusion in wrote my words me these in his last letter:

"If you could only be over here and see "Vfo Latterday Saint is compelled to sustain the General Authorities of the suffering and hardships that these poor * the Church. When given the opportunity to vote on the proposition

people are going through, you could better in any of the several conferences held throughout the Church, he may understand why I am fighting and killing. indicate his willingness to sustain them by raising his right hand; he may

"And do you really know what I am fightmanifest his opposition in like manner; or he may ignore the opportunity

ing for? I am fighting for you, for the hapentirely. There is no element of coercion or force in this or any other

piness together, had for our we for home, our Church procedure.

forChurch, and the privilege of doing what we wished. I am fighting for all the people However, there is the principle of honor involved in the member's

earth, the all foron children, of God's that as "prophleaders his choice. sustain raises to Church a person hand Whenthey might the have opportunity find to a it is to seers, ets, covenant revelators,"promise a as the and a and samesecure happiness under peaceful a sky.

living oracles their their the follow counsel as leadership abide to and by "Don't worry about for me, the same God is at act of which of or subsequent Consequently, mouth God. any word

isthat watching over is you back home the the leaders of variance the with taught Church as the will of Lord bytaking of care here, over me and remember that nothing can really separate us, for we places the sincerity of such person in serious doubt. One could scarcely

are together for eternity."have claim upon complete integrity, if he raises his hand to sustain the

After reading this letter, my heart was Authorities of the Church and then proceeds in opposition to their counsel.

full of peace once more.

the In early spring, just after the first Any Latterday Saint who denounces or opposes, whether actively or robin had thrilled the morning freshness otherwise, any plan or doctrine advocated by the "prophets, seers, and with his song, my son was born. He had revelators"of the Church is cultivating the spirit of apostasy. One cannot

the same blue eyes and crooked smile as his speak evil of the Lord's anointed and retain the Holy Spirit in his heart.

father's, so I asked the bishop to name him It should be remembered that Lucifer has a very cunning way of conJohn.

In the evenings, when the darkness is just vincing unsuspecting souls that the General Authorities of the Church are beginning to fall, I lay little John in his bed, as likely to be wrong as they are to be right. This sort of game is Satan's

and when I look into his sleeping, peaceful favorite pastime, and he has practiced it on believing souls since Adam. He

face, I can vision the not too far distant wins a great victory when he can get members of the Church to speak against future, his father, when returned batfrom leaders their their thinking."to in suggesting specializes and "do own He

tle, will all be dressed in white will and go that leaders are in error while blinding our the apostasy of he plays raysinto the water baptize and our a son member in the beguiles. eyes of thus those cunning! to think he whom And Whatof I the Church. see can a Then years few

that of are deceived our trickery. members some by thislater, father son and the of out coming ward

together on father morning, Sunday lookthe Prophet of words Smith should Joseph The following memorized being at proudly old his twelve son, year

Saint their repeated Latterday often to insure and and by every enough neverlittle radiantly John beaming just with having had the priesthood conferred upon him. being forgotten:

I can then see our son, with a suitcase in his hand and a prayer in his heart, bound for the I will give you one of the Keys of the mysteries of the Kingdom. It is an

train that will take him to his mission field. eternal principle, that has existed with God from all eternity: That man who rises

But that is all in the future, and I bring up to condemn others, finding fault with the Church, saying that they are out of the myself back to the present, I kiss my sleepway, while he himself is righteous, then know assuredly, that that man is in the ing, tiny son, goodnight, and hold his tiny high road to apostasy; and if he does not repent, will apostatize, as God lives. ( Teachhand in mine and offer a prayer. ings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 156157.)

Dear God, watch over my soldier hussafeband, keep from him bring harm and leaders speak, the thinking done. has been they When When

to his family back soon.him Spirit Let thy plan. propose a is point there they the way, no When plan—itour son, over that ourhover he grow may up is safe. it other direction, they give which the should of end mark is WhenGod'sin matter thee. pleasing a unto Father, And controversy. in other think no works otherwise, way. God without To livehelp to of blessings worthy me many my

faith, cost immediate repentance, his one his destroy testimony, may may live to helpand to the in the me up Ruth

Bible, believing in thee and having loyalty and leave him a stranger to the kingdom of God.

and love, for you see, God, my name is also

Ruth. 354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SEE! ALL CREATION JOINS MAY THE LORD GO WITH US

joins all creation See! us, with the Lord go May th'eternal praise God; To abide us with usvc And the song, begin hosts heav'nly The Spirit his Holy By his abroad. sound name And guide. direct and To Saint LatterdayThe New beams, golden with sun The sever here from we As rays, silver with moon The still forever and Book Now,Hymn flames, lights twinkling starry and The us with the go Lord May praise. their to Maker's Shine Y. Cannon Tracy By abide. us with And

Committee General Music Chairman, above, built worlds those He us, with the Lord go May their frame, fixed wondrous And all in to used book, be hymn newA love, his tender And or his stand move, they command By is in of the meetings us, Church adult o'er mantle a As his fame. speak always And

Still shelter prove; our commusic general thepreparation by rise, that fleecy clouds The

greeting, 'Till with happy advisory in with cooperationmittee an falling show'rs, or snow, Or in meeting, joyful We, the of the Council skies, thecommittee rolling from thunder round The

Lift our voices again will glory supersede show. and His power bookTwelve. new The

courts above. the To Saints Latterdaythe present Hymns high. expanse broad on The

and Deseret Sunday School Songs. With all the heav'ns afford, May the Lord go with us,

In addition to preserving those hymns The lightning's fire that streaks the sky, Then are we secure;

that have been found to be of permaUnite to praise the Lord. Life or death befalling,

nent value to the Church, the new hymn By all that shines above, We can still endure;

enfolding his arms expressed; glory With His with will include some hymnsbook

holding, his promise Saints But endless love, To iswho know his settings, of famous a music numbernew travel onward, can best. sing his praises Should We sources and from worldwidehymns safe and sure. Ever

original the and words hymns,some THEIR FEET BEAUTEOUS ARE HOW preswill written of be bymusic which BEFORE THEE LORD, COME feet their beauteous are WE How writersent composers. and day

hill, stand Zion's on NOW Who local poets have Already many their bring salvation tongues on Who before now, Thee Lord, come we general the tograciously responded reveal, of words peace And feet bow; humbly we At Thy in to invitation send committee'smusic

is disdain; their suit voice! charming our not Thou Do is deeply apHow the committeehymns, and in vain? are: tidings their Lord, sweet seek Shall Thee, How we efforts. theirpreciative of "Zion, behold thy King, Saviour

It is now desired that music settings He reigns in triumph here."In Thine own appointed way,

be made to some of the hymns, and comNow we seek Thee, here we stay;

are ears our How blessed not go, Lord, hence from we would invited are theposers advisory comby this hear joyful sound, bestow. blessing Till a Thou themittee of of the Council Twelve kings prophets and and ThatWhich waited for

the general music committee to send in And sought, but never found, Send some message from Thy word, followcontributions to the according afford; peace joy and may bare Lord The makesing suggestions: mourn, those and his arm ThatComfort weep who

all Through the earth abroad: return. time love"of Let "the in 1. pitch, is to be suitable The music Let every nation behold now

range, singableness and dignity for use by Their Saviour and their God. Grant, we all may seek and find

the congregations of the Church. Thee, our gracious God and kind;

2. You are invited to make a music setSAVIOUR, REDEEMER OF MY SOUL Heal the sick, the captive free,

ting for of the here printed. any one poems Saviour, Redeemer of my soul, Let us all rejoice in Thee. send (Please manuscript.) in only one

whole, hath mighty hand made Whose me 3. Sign manuscripts with a your de nom

raised up, hath pow'r wondrous Whose me Place addressplume. your and name own

filled bitter cup! with sweet in And mya sealed envelope write and your de nome Choir, Lovell tell, gratitude tongue can Ward What my the outside of the envelope. onplume EnIsrael. of God O gracious thisclose with manuscript. your Stake Big Horn

4. Send the completed manuscript to Never can I repay Thee, Lord;

Carol H. Cannon, assistant secretary, genBut I can love Thee. Thy pure word, "Dishop Frank H. Brown of Lovell

eral music committee, 200 North Main Hath it not been my one delight, *-* Ward, Big Horn Stake, credits his

Street, Salt Lake City, Utah, not later than My joy by day, my dream by night? ward choir for the excellent attendance

itJuly 1st of this year. Then still, at sacrament meetings.

will. And all letmymylifelipsreflectproclaimThy

It is hoped that all musicians of our Rehearsals are held regularly on acts to serve mine Thine hours, for evenings two art of O'errule in the ends; Wednesdaycommunities, schooled

foes smiling friends; frowning to Change director. Merrill under in- B. Tew, will Veomacomposition, to this respond

till I shall Chasten soul be my organists. are Stahle and Daisyvitation. Tew In perfect with Thee. harmony

The following are five hymns for Make me more worthy of Thy love, Willard Chloe Harmon is president, and which worthy music settings are deAnd fit me for the life above. Nellie May Haggen, secretary.sired:—A. Schreinet

LOVELL WARD CHOIR, BIG HORN STAKE

VV * (

JUNE, 1945 355.

Poetry Contest Announcement jPhe National Thanksgiving Association at St. Paul, Minnesota, announces the poetry contest is now open

for entries. Poems must be submitted

not later than midnight October 1, 1945, owing to Mrs. Bernard Druck, N.T.A. presiMusic Appreciation "Not at all,"she answered. "Of dent,Minnesota.2052 Summit Avenue, St. Paul 5,

will course of all sorts music, Sally hear First prize will receive winner a Louise Bell Price By all just as she will sorts hear slang of bond; prize winner, $25.00 second war

did a YytELL, how you and at times profanity Sally get and even probably in third savings stamps; prize.. $15.00 war

along, Madge?"Mrs. Brown street jargon... mouthings of the unwinner, $5.00 in war savings stamps.

asked her sister, as she removed her couth perhaps near her school playFive prizes of $5.00 each are also

wraps after a day in town. Madge had ground. That is life, and to be expected. awarded.

offered to stay with Sally and the two And it's all the more reason why she The rules are simple: Poems entered

had had the day and the house to themshould associate the cultured, refined, must reflect the patriotic and religious selves. carefully chosen music and language significance of Thanksgiving, and the

"We got along just fine,"said Madge. and literature with her own home, her historical reasons why the flag should

"Sally ate a good lunch and had a long own family and her own life. Can't you be displayed on Thanksgiving. Three

nap. But there's one thing I want to see how these things work, Madge? The poems may be submitted from each enask you, Mary. Haven't you any lively, very fact that she is surrounded with trant, and poems should be limited to

peppy records for her victrola? I looked the right music and speech and books in twenty lines. They should be unsigned,

all through the cabinet but couldn't find her own home causes her to make her but each entry should be accompanied any."own deductions. The contrast between by a sealed envelope containing the

Mrs. Brown smiled as she settled these gentler things and the harsh, name and address of the author and the

down in a comfortable chair by the fire. cheaper ones that she is bound to hear title of the poem, and the title should be

"Why?"she asked. "Didn't Sally like and see will be the greatest possible written on the outside of the envelope.

the records you played?"help to the child herself."

"Certainly, she liked them. In fact "I begin to see what you mean,"said

she asked me to play the Wild Wose, Madge slowly.

as she called it, the second time. Now / "A child can be no more refined than

like I speaking,"her too, McDowell's but Rose, Wild surroundings—generally

like also went on snappy Mary. for music swing a contention—and ranrwits

if Bill's that that for too, girl a change."the dislooked young And "Mymatter—is without spaghetti or macaroni To cook is right child the sister. surroundings dainfully at given and her older

it in stirring, a or place watching constant his in or her environment home, course dear,"do, "Of own you agreed my of in set colander the a pan colander and this of will the environment he type be 'But Mrs. Brown. a had if you youngto water. salted boiling have won't You

in, later feel will ster, seek at enjoy, and home swing would music have you and it it's until touch G. D. C, done.—Mrs.

life. in simply Sally already adores ballyhoolike for records her hear, to or Ohio. Columbus,

classics finest in music; like and of the something some sweet melMcDowell's

I an fruit pie a bake I make Whenever for begs she Alice and Barcarolle, In Wonderland, ody and the Humoresque, I find time. at the shell "or two same

actually to enjoy than like that?"seems it more and things of the extrathat bakteaspoon onefourth adding by

"Oh, I'd probably have some records funnies which the youngsters next door ing powder to the flour mixture before siftlike that but I surely would season the are always poring over. Perhaps it is ing, the shells will retain their tenderness for

assortment with something lively,"said because I secured a copy of Alice In two or three days and will not crack.—Mrs.

her sister. "What in the world is wrong Wonderland that has lovely and graphic M. B., Springville, Utah.

with her hearing stuff like that? She illustrations; I don't know. I do know To keep caneseated chairs from sagging,

hears it over the radio, doesn't she? that I have tried and shall continue to tighten them up by sponging with salt water.

And won't she hear it when she goes to try to build up in our baby the desire This makes them fresh and stiff.—Mrs. C. T.

other places? What are you doing for, and interest in, the best. That's a M., Bellevue, Michigan.

trying to rear her in a saintly little world long answer to your simple question as To make your own soap chips out of of her own, so far as music is conto why you couldn't find any 'peppy'laundry soap made at home, or any kind of cerned?"music in the nursery victrola cabinet, bar soap, cut it into large pieces then run

Mrs. Brown replied smiling, but there isn't it!"through a food chopper.—Mrs. /. H., Orderwas a note of seriousness in her tone, "Yes, it is, Sis,"said Madge. "But ville, Utah.

for rearing her little Sally wisely and it's a good one. I'll remember it—and Dampen broom in boiling water when

well was one of the most important perhaps I'll even practice it on a little sweeping floors, then it won't streak or jobs she had. brood of my own, someday."make a dust. Mrs. P. R. H., Vernal, Utah.

FA ULTLFSS FARM FUNNIES., wedding chatter HUNTERCJtAHAM

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Coofo(kner For Better Josephine B. Nichols

Healthbuilding menus and recipes for June days: Overall Growth

Breakfast Fresh Strawberries Sego Milk now contains about three

Cereal Readyprepared Milk times as much vitamin D as it used to Honey French Fried Toast

Milk contain. Does this make it better milk

Lunch for babies? Yes, such high authorities as the Council

Scrambled Eggs and New Green Peas on Toast on Foods of the American Medical Association and the

Salad Head Lettuce Dressing National Research Council say that milk containing 400 Island Thousand

Peanut Butter Cup Cakes units of vitamin D per quart is necessary to give babies

Milk the best assurance of sound tooth and bone developDinner

Stuffed Veal Steak ment and the best of growth. That is why

Parsleyed Little New Potatoes the vitamin D content of Sego Milk has been

Carrot Curls Fresh SpinachCooked

Rusket Muffins increased from 135 to 400 units. The new

Butter or Fortified Margarine Frozen Lemon Pie improved Sego Milk is being sold at no inScrambled Eggs and New Green Peas crease in price.

2 tablespoons fat 132 cups cooked green peas 1 pimento, optional 6 eggs tablespoons milk Segd Milk Products Company 4 34 teaspoon salt Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West 34 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

4 or 5 slices toast 4 slices bacon, optional Melt fat in frying pan, add peas and cook two minutes. Beat eggs, add milk, salt, and

Worcestershire sauce and pour over peas.

lightly, heat, mixing over lowCook until fafo?CE SJU/& Durkee's Margarine is made by toast Pile set. and garnish on hoteggs are

with crisp, pan broiled bacon strips. an improved process which

churns the pure vegetable oils

Peanut Butter Cup Cakes right in with the fresh pasteur34 cup fat 34 teaspoon salt ized skim milk. IN foods and

1 teaspoon vanilla ON them, you'll love the flavor cups brown134 sugar, firmly packed of Durkee's Troco Margarine! butter cup peanut 34

2 eggs, well beaten 2 cups sifted flour (cake flour preferred) SPREAD.. COOK.. BAKE.. FRY

234 teaspoons baking powder yA cup milk One of the Basic 7

Combine fat, salt, and vanilla. Add sugar Foods recommendin the ed U. S. Nuuntil light and fluffy.gradually, creaming

trition Rules. Food mix thoroughly. butter and peanut AddAdd

eggs and blend well. Sift flour and baking

powder together. Add small amount of flour

to creamed mixture, alternately with milk.

Beat until smooth. Pour into greased muffin pans. Bake in moderate oven 350 F.

for twentyfive minutes. Makes 1J4 dozen.

Stuffed Veal Steak veal pounds 2 steak, cut 34 to H hich thick S*At*T> -mmw salt teaspoons 2 34 teaspoon pepper 3 tablespoons shortening 2 cups tomato juice urkee's 4 tablespoons enriched flour Season veal steak with salt, pepper.Spread stuffing evenly over steak and roll. TROCO

Fasten ends together with toothpicks. tyQLEOMARGAFIINi

Roll in flour, and brown in hot shortening in skillet. Add onehalf cup of tomato juice,

cover tightly, and simmer about one to one and onehalf hours, or until the meat is tender. To serve, remove toothpicks, place on

serving platter. Add remainder of tomato

( Concluded on page 358 JUNE, 1945 357 (Concluded from page 357) juice which has been mixed with flour to skillet meat was cooked in, and cook until thickened. Pour over meat. Dressing erosfromtheCamps

3 cups bread cubes J4 cup chopped celery Teheran, Iran lar, as you know, to the events that took 34 cup chopped onions Dear Brother Widtsoe: place when He walked the land nearby.

1 tablespoon chopped parsley "VTour letters are always so refreshing Cheerfully, 2 teaspoons salt -* like a tonic, they brace me up. News Shelby Arrigona

shortening tablespoons 2 is like from home us * * # a good for the things ahead and erasessleep—preparesall our cares in a frying pan, add shortening Melt Overseas

If lonesomeness. and at only until people tenmore gently celery, simmeronions and literature arawaited of shipment Along realized the of scribbled value a few crumbs. bread seasonedder. with Mix rived in the a ago, about month and they happy us make homelines—how feel—they filled past refew weeks so have many we Rusket Muffins often, write sure. would I'm more

it that like quests has rainstorm been a I Christmas met PerMr. a Eve Winsor. flour 1 enriched cup I land. watering inthe sunbaked guess haps you know of 1 Winsor M. crumbs Rusket cup him—Luther dividual literature pieces distributed of Salt Lake. there Well, have been powder many baking teaspoons2Yi the three among about be must men important conferences held this in famous salt teaspoons Yt thousand. leveling the reached have L.D.S.We city, but never there one as was important sugar tablespoons 2 off point to have and enough on hand now at the to as that our meeting moment me 1 molasses tablespoon us for several going keep months. I night. for had so wanted to months many 1 egg I feel that folks the at Sometimes home find a of the member had made milk evaporated cup Church—and the should are leadproving know men who inquiries numerous to avail, finally no but water cup in ers their isolated locations in the 3/Y war persistence proved successful my and shortening tablespoons my 3 I zones the world. around with can say search resulted in truly a most valuable and together. all ingredients dry Add it Mix that complete to honesty has been an me helpful "find."is Brother advisor Winsor only shortening. water, milk, and Mixegg, thing to see well the amazing how Mormon to the Persian irrigation government on and muffin into greased blended.until well Pour all carried boys on. have won't They come friends made many has and accomat has in fortins. minutes oven twenty Bake into back, will men. over made new Some plished It good. much of his because was425 F. off return than they beworse much were I reputation that inquired about

fore. part, the For though, those most who inspired in God search, me Pie splendidhim,-—surely Frozen my Lemon strong will stronger, were of be and some and are real we becoming feel friends—I 2 eggs indifferent the will on, too. ones have caught very fortunate. sugar cup I to the eager will see wards am how home Y2 Persian The Gulf presented Command juice lemon 33 cup influenced the be tens of of thousands by Nativity""The during the Christmas week, 1 rind grated lemon tablespoon will L.D.S. after servicemen the return who it and pleasure was to it. participate my in (chilled) 1 milk evaporated I cup war. will think there that impression be an There particular delight was attached to a cracker crumbs graham cup will be great very Y2 very and good. this performance of nature, close so to the

boiler, of in double top yolks egg Beat sincerely yours, land the Very incidents where occurred. So much rind. until juice, sugar, and lemon Cookadd life of the daily of these is people here simiRicks, Elden Chaplain

stiff; fold until whitesthickened. Beat egg

in custard. Beat chilled evaporated milk

until stiff; fold into custard mixture. Butter

refrigerator trays, sprinkle with onehalf the crumbs; pour in mixture, top with remaining crumbs. Freeze in refrigerator for three L.D.S.-M.I.A.

hours. GROUP

TAKEN ON ISLAND X Python Eggs (Concluded from page 343) hanging on a chair by the door. He was

so drunk that the second he hit the pillow he was dead to the world. The

realization at dawn of what he had done, almost electrocuted him. He came

to with terror—he grabbed the door,

pretty nearly pulling it off its hinges. He

rushed out into the snowdrifts. He was

almost a crazy man. One hundred yards

from the house he detected a little hill in the snow. With eyes bulging, desperately but cautiously he dug into the

snow. There he uncovered his sweetheart, the mother of his child. She

was cold in death. The baby, through

the protection of the body of its mother and the overcoat snatched as she left the room, had a spark of life left. The

babe was brought back to life."

Defiantly our hero faced the gang.

"Now, boys, if you are ready to put L.D.S.-M.I.A.

that stuff through my teeth I am ready GROUP for you. / AM THAT BABY."TAKEN AT A

The python snake that night crushed SEABEE CAMP, the life out of a dear mother. It wrecked ISLAND X

the home. If only the demon drink had

been crushed in the shell—if a heel had

only done its work at the right time.

Yes, it was a python egg.

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MY FATHER

9l$u rtim J\nowltnowilon

than younger I am I was argumentWhennow, the most common that my friends and I had was about who had the best dad. Of

course none ever converted the others.

I think I have the best father in the world because of the way in which he brought me up. For example, when he

was telling me about the bad results that come from using tobacco, he would say, "I will surely be happy, Jim, if you never touch the poison."No matter

what it was he was trying to put over to me, he always did it in the same friendly, yet convincing manner. It was inevitably, "It will always make me proud

of you if you do this,"or, "You don't know how happy this would make me,

J,,lm.

Another factor which makes me feel as if my father were the greatest man on earth is his utmost confidence and trust in me. Everything I ever told him

was the truth. Whenever I had a problem to bring up with him, he would always listen to what I had to say, give

me his advice, and then always say, "Use your own judgment, son."Somewasn't thetimes judgment same my as When the hostess appears betterhis. If things gone have would

the way he said, it didn't matter; I had

made a mistake and taken note of it. If with a box of those yummy

my judgment turned out to be for the best, WhatI gotdida patall thison theconfidenceback forandit. trust Glade's Chocolates, everyone

he had in me mean to me? It meant that

I never failed to keep his trust and concomes running. Yes, Glade's makes

fidence. I dare to say that I have never

let him down. If I did, it would be myself I was letting down. any party one to be long remembered.

If IT I 31*01 IT'i 00D

-.:

CHOCOLATES

fa/a*/ inn cum cmmi Ju ni tin.

Operas! OPERAS! OPERAS!!

THEY KEPT COMING Sorry we could not dress them alL Tough to refuse business. Hard on you—Hard

on us.

OVER NOW FOR THIS SEASON By a Mormon Pioneer Family YOUR PAGEANT or PATRIOTIC PROServing: Private homes, chapels, all DUCTION will APPEAR BEST if dressed buildings using heat in Hillam's unexcelled costumes—BUT I tusnj;,—favorUe Insulate your attic and save your fuel

EARLY. THE ORDER PROUD TO HAVE ABE DONE S'. WE "Glee's ***&&& FALLS TEMPLE IDAHO

to T**? sa\ads - Yheese dpES HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP S. U. CO. ROCK WOOL Street 34 So. Main

City, Salt Provo. Logan, Lake Ogden

City, Salt Lake Utah all cities of Mississippi) the west (and *0<3<><S><>SK*3*c>0><><3K><3K*3K>

JUNE, 1945 359

Melchizedek Priesthood

MADE FROM GENUINE {Concluded from page 351) PITTSBURGH conform to a custom that existed among

PLATE GLASS most of their associates.

Now what seems to be needed is a smoking successful to make movement FULLER CIRCLE the particularly among unpopular GLASS PLATE smarter sets. If this could be done, a

far greater number of people than now, especially among the young, would look for reasons why they should not smoke.

These would not be difficult to find.

Science and religion can furnish them in abundance. So the question arises

how to make smoking unpopular? To

this question a suggestion has been made by Brother Mark Nichols of the

General Board of the Y.M.M.I.A.

Among other things Brother Nichols writes Tobacco companies, through clever advertising have made the approach to smoking simple, yet deadly effective—playing to

the emotions and dealing with that all important human urge—social popularity.

The tobacco situation can be changed and reversed by the same approach through which it has been built up, through an emotional appeal dealing with social unpopularity. Tobacco stinks. It does not make any

difference who smokes it, or the form, or the brand, it always stinks. Anything that

stinks does not have a connotation of social popularity. Body odor (B.O.) is detested

by youth today as being a very unsocial thing. Halitosis is offensive. Tramps, persons dressed in filthy clothes, nitwits, etc.,

are likewise socially unacceptable. Tobacco odor (TO.) can be put in the same

category by associating it with social unpopularity. People don't like things that

stink. The fact that tobacco smoke stinks

and calling this to the attention of the public through clever advertising would soon have its effect on the public mind. Associate

the word tobacco with "It stinks,"and the flood tide of tobacco sales in Utah and elsewhere will ebb. A slang phrase of youth today is "It stinks"for anything they don't

approve of. Tobacco can soon be placed in

this realm if proper leadership is given.

When the idea, "It Stinks,"is thoroughly associated with tobacco in the mind and NEW CHARM FOR ANY ROOMfeelings of youth and adults, a big part of the battle will have been won.

Isn't it smart? A plate glass mantel mirror to add spaciousThe above is submitted as a challenge

ness in your living room, or a buffet mirror to reflect your to the resourceful readers in the hope lovely table setting! A fulllength "see all"on your dressing that they too will be stirred to make

suggestions to smoking'on how make circle or a jaunty mirror over that room door, ruffled vanity!

socially If unpopular. this could be

just be sure Agree beautiful, it's a? Then Fuller Mirror—battle the clear, done, for abstinence tofrom

sparkling. They reflect the best! Plate glass tops, too—for bacco would be won.

tables, dressers, desks. Cut to measure. m

A Tribute to My Father ( Concluded from page 323 FULLcR MIRRORS

At your favorite Department or Furniture store and sometimes even of reprimand words that I had heard my father speak,, like long ago. that great warmAnd

Special machines glass Pennvernon make abrawindow Replace window glass blanket, shut the storm, out they have siveresistant, permanently giving uniform, brilliant—it with crystalclear shielding that whatever from me was

vision, undistorted beautiful appearance. Single or threatened.

double strength. It's just perfect! forget (Don't putty!) PENNVERNON

And thus, my father, through the influence of his words and the memory of

W. P. FULLER & CO. BRANCHES & DEALERS THROUGHOUT THE WEST hissafelyexample,"throughcontinuesthe storm."to guide me

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT (Ju pu 2W 0. %JQ

(Concluded from page 334) President Grant enjoyed making cere, honest, upright in all his dealings, power of expression"is a phrase he fremoney, but he loved to use it for the positive in expression, dynamic in acquently uttered from the pulpit, and benefit of others. On more than one tion, uncompromising with evil, symwhich is found in many of his sermons. occasion, quietly, usually, forcefully, if pathetic with the unfortunate, magnani-

"Gratitude is a fruit of great cultivation; necessary, but always unostentatiously, mous in the highest degree, faithful in

you do not find it among gross people,"he has protected the good name of his life to every trust, tender and considerassociates, has.paid mortgages on ate of loved ones, loyal to friends, to

Sincerity widows'homes, has paid expenses of truth, to God—such was our honored

missionaries, the to given employment and distinguished beloved third there quality a enPresident—a more wasDut help leader, succor unemployed, rendered and to the a worthy exemplar Church either nobling or perseverance than needed. wherever been mind has to over. the and mankind world No Presigratitude contributed to which

bless, to heart teneager Sister no more bless more survives Grant God who Grant's nobility of dent character—and der, the generous than him. no hand more blessing has been a She an and is sincerity. virtue the basic that When of heart President Grant. inspiration and hand to her noble husband. God of the President passing Grant's news

in he "going doing about his bless good"Thus their daughters, lovely families, land, flashed the thouthroughoutwas love, of the flame "fanned their kinfolk, and that and human abide peace may all life of in turned of walks sands men civil raised virtue the their of standard in it souls, among with realization the and their great to thoughts admiration a and is mankind."theirs that the great responsibility to million character; a approximately

to true heritage. noble be a each I I hear these fancy Can today May words love members, and honor withChurch

find of solace in them the comfort and in greeting the to expressed extended their hearts, in of loss the great a mourn their truth that father, husband, and him Master: Lord and by his leader; inspired and, President toand

still is lives; grandfather that death center services these as the of withday,

it as of done ye Inasmuch have one unto in attention, million unison hearts beat a the eternal Only way least the brethren, these of done have ye my in tribute to one who was rich in it unto me. (Matt. 25:40.) That God prepares this lowly, mortal clay,

achievement, noble in character, inThat he may send spired of the Lord. One of the principal Blessed With Beautiful and Unto each soul a glorious resurrection day.

reasons why all these people—ministers Gracious Children With a prayer that the Lord will give leading raildenominations,of other

road officials, and other business magrpo build a happy home, to rear a famus strength to be loyal to his word, as nates, prominent educators, mechanics, ily of sons and daughters to be good you have been, President Grant, we say artisans, particularly the common folk citizens and to be reverent toward God goodbye until we meet you again and from all walks of life who "heard him and sacred things, is to achieve the highclasp hands in a brighter realm.

this in life. In privileged success That be achievement so to I we may meet say, reason, why the estgladly"—one

in the him, exceptionally I pray President been has Grant Christ. name of Jesus Presidentmultitudes esteem and honor

Grant is because he spoke what he successful. His large family of gracious Amen.

thought, lived up to what he professed, children, grandchildren, and greathiskept I what he taught—inpromises, aandword,trulybecausebelievedhe grandchildrenand tenderness.showeredSurely, withhim respectwith loveto

was sincere! Carlisle ventures to assert the care and attention due from children

that to a father, they have nothing to regret now that he has gone. To have a noble A little man may have this quality—it is posterity, to see their successes, to bask

all to made,competent men that God has affection, is their greatof man's one... in it. a greatbut cannot be without man est after President achievements. Just

There are many things that we cannot Grant's passing, one of his daughters, be, and many things that we cannot do, her soul shaking with emotion, said:

but this one thing is within the reach "He has been a true, loving father to us children. Always so affectionate andof us all—we can pray God to keep our

hearts sincere. considerate. Truly he loved us, and we

loved him dearly!"

Sympathy and Generosity ConclusionChining with equal brilliancy to hon- * esty and sincerity are the kindred President Grant's voice is silent; his

virtues, sympathy and generosity. In heartbeats are stilled, but he still

the heart of our President, sympathy for lives; for to such as he is given the divine

the unfortunate and the distressed drove promise help give to force impelling withhim life: the that resurrection, the he and I am succor needed. These whereverand

believeth in yet dead, though me, he were until right acts continuedbeneficent up: shall live liveth behe and whosoever And

last. extract example, is an forthe Here, lieveth in shall die. 11:25never (John me

from a letter he recently wrote to a 26.) Oven Roasted Barley and Tree Ripwidow:

His faith that man lives after death ened California Figs—Nothing Else!

Will you please tell me how much you was absolute, his knowledge real that joinare home, your and on owing let me this leave should of he plane when to those A boon it instead in paying at once whowith you 5050 mortality his ashe meet former would it the month?of paying by don't drink coffee. sociates, rejoice in their society, again A

And here is another: and in the society of loved ones who healthful drink for all

preceded him to the other shore. Often,

I that Sister: indeed happy Dear am I in as impressive words as those spoken the family.

little assistance to of able be been somehave old, he declared: by Job of If not, Is for?to all paid your you. home

please let me know how much still remains. I know that God lives, that Jesus is the CALIFORNIA FICGO CO.

1 1 If, President These are but samples of hundreds, ofChrist,God.and that Joseph Smith was a Prophet Leonard H. Ba

perhaps thousands, of such benefactions. Persevering in accomplishment, sinJUNE, 1945 361

JAKE: Mary, what do you say about putJAKE: Way I figure, distribution is the real

ting another ten acres into freestone key to future prices—and distribution

peaches? methods are improving all the time.

MARY: Well maybe—but where will prices MARY.- How it that?

be when the trees come into bearing?

JAKE: Long as I've been farming, the SafeJAKE: It isn't Safeway alone. This streamway people have been cutting down lined method of food distribution

the "inbetween costs."It's boosted Safeway pioneered is an idea that's

our share of each dollar city folks pay spreading.

for food. MARY: Good! I like the idea of streamlined

MARY: But can Safeway alone do much good? distribution

LOTS OF FARMERS THINK

THIS WAY - for example, DAIRYMAN LAWRENCE CAINE:

"As milk producers, we're doing our level best to increase our production to help take care of extra demands during this war period. I believe in efficient distribution

such as Safeway provides. By lowering inbetween costs it allows consumers to get

food at a saving. It also benefits producers."

JAKE: Right you are! And say, did anybody

ever tell you you're pretty streamlined NOTE: Better than a third of our customers are farm

yourself? folks. Find out why. Trade one full month at your Safeway grocer's—and see how much you save! MARY: Hmm—time you got back to your

bucksaw, you old timber wolf! C!OxxTEiVV.nlH TWTJirifV THEgroceryNEIGHBORHOODstores

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Spoken Word from Temple Square {Concluded from page 347)

leace and people Tt is time again to talk of peace—although it is not yet with us. When

men have peace, often they use it carelessly and esteem it lightly. But

when it has gone from us we come to know how blessed we were when we had it, and we yearn for it, in anguish and in sorrow—sometimes almost to

the point of repentance. Peace is like

many other things that are cherished in life as they are difficult to get. Those

we love and live with, we often regard casually, and use them poorly, but sorely miss them when they are gone—and

wish we had done differently when they were here. We tend to mourn for what jf $&..

we once had, and to abuse and neglect what we do have. There are those who fear that lasting peace can never be en- m

joyed by humankind. It is true that long

periods of peace are rare in history. But

the fact that it, haven't we kept does not STORE PROPERLY THEM it that mean kept. be There

dust, light protect from store in the the and are To box lasting to ways its time will cannotpeace—and in, blanket or in paper, thoroughly came wrap heavy come. This have learned we it about quarter including a balls. of pound moth Be sure and the may we never again forget is clean. blanket Dry cleaning is recommended. it—that

it isn't something inherit; cleaning a establishment is it Choose nor we properly equipped

by nature imperishable; it cannot be kept to handle blankets.

in neglect and indifference; and it does USE EXTREME CARE IF YOU WASH THEM not come to men terms: on their own

First or soiled the brush sponge bindings rich a with terms The of peace were quietly spoken lather tepid from made water and mild soap. Wash by the Prince of Peace nearly two thouat time, a blanket one in leaving a rich in suds lukesand years ago. is There yet another five for minutes. water warm Douse up and down by reminder pertinent to peace: Often narinse at least times. hand and three not wring! Do

tions are considered as something quite Hang to dry in the shade, folding smoothly over two apart from people. But nations are not clotheslines, so water can run off easily. Shake blanket

impersonal entities; nations are not occasionally and restore fluffiness with clean whisk

brush. or angora After broom drying, use warm ironmerely structures of government—naonly, binding not iron but do blanket. tions are people, and people the world on

over are endowed with a generous share BLANKETS WEAR BETTER IF REVERSED OFTEN of human nature. And can bring if we In daily use your will blankets last longer with ourselves to realize what actions and frequent change of position, so with each change

attitudes in our neighbors would probed linen reverse the position of your blanket. of

voke us to resentment, what conduct would produce friction and misunderstanding among friends, in families, or in a neighborhood, then we are approaching an understanding of the problem of peace, for that which destroys peace in the hearts of men, destroys peace in the world, because men are men, wherever we find them, whether as individuals or as nations. May RECIPE FOR BLANKET SATISFACTION grantGod success to those gather who

.. favorite. ask your store forfor Wool 'O the West peace. Spirit May his be the directing spirit in all councils and convocaWhile war orders still come first with Wool 'O the West craftsmen, all good stores

tions of peace. And may prayerfulness will have these fine virgin wool blankets loomed in traditional Wool 'O the West

loftiest, loveliest the blankets, combining durability beauty quality—with andand humility invite to him attend. "How You'll warmth. be proud any of these to own in blankets smart, harmonizingbeautiful upon the mountains are solid weaves or jacquard patterns. the 'O the colors—Wool West—Vogue,feet of him that bringeth tidings, good Netherlands, Health Raj, Royal, Anniversary the label that the means—Eachbearsthat.. publisheth peace;. that saith unto finest in blankets.

Zion, Thy God reigneth!"(Isaiah 52:

7.) PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS, PORTLAND 3, OREGONCopyright. 1945.—Sunday, April 29, 1945.

JUNE, 1945 '363 Kid! Don't Be Afraid, The siege gun in the sky (Continued from page 344)

This is an Axis eye -view of a haymaker from America's aerial bered what Tug had said in his last artillery, TNT tokens from a Flying Fortress. Veteran of every theseletter; days—that a fellow had to pray a lot

front since Pearl Harbor, the B-17 is one of the toughest custoSkeeter had told him that guys who mers in the clouds—and a great airplane that flies first on said their prayers were sissies, but Tug

didn't think so. Tug said the bravest

Chevron Aviation Gasoline. To assure smooth, dependable power men said their prayers.

in Flying Fort flighttests, Boeing Aircraft Company's West Coast So Ricky knelt by his bed and prayed.

plant selects Chevron Aviation Gasoline. In these critical flights theirHe askedhomeGodthetohappyshow himplacehowit tousedmaketo

—in combat, too—Chevron Aviation Gasoline is proving itself be before Tug went away, so daddy

a standout in the skyways—and paving the way for a great new would hurry home from work every

Chevron Gasoline for the highways. night,again. and"Andmomplease,woulddearbeGod,"jolly andhe said,gay

"show me how to make my mother glad on her birthday."STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA Ricky had been working for Mr.

Garrett three days when he noticed

Skeeter outside the window with his nose pressed flat against the pane. He

was making signs which meant he would meet Ricky when he was through work.

The old fear of Skeeter almost smothered him. He wouldn't meet him now

or any other time. He was through with

Skeeter Hampton. He looked like a

giant plastered there against the window, and Ricky could feel his heart falling like a hammer. He wouldn't stand a

chance in a fight with Skeeter.

At seven o'clock Mr. Garrett called

Ricky into the back room. His face

crinkled all over as he pointed to the table. Ricky followed his eyes and a

warm glow of pride and satisfaction swept through him. There on a sheet

of white tissue paper was the rosebud cup and saucer—the most beautiful in

the world. "Better take it home tonight, Ricky.

Tomorrow is her birthday. Here's a

little the right size. Yes, sir, box—just

Soaks clothes WHITER

Leaves no rings on dishpan or washtub

The FLYINGFORTRESS flies firston

Keeps haby things immaculate LOTS OF SUDS EVENIN HARD WATER AVIATION /GASOLINE

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Don't Be Afraid, Kid! You, as a Practical Grower

we're mighty lucky to get an English are interested in

Spode this year with the war on."

Ricky put on his leather cap and coat and tucked the box under his arm. "Gee,

'*s*'thanks, Mr. Garrett—thanks a lot,"hesaid gratefully, then he was out the back CARBON

door and headed for the short cut when

Skeeter caught up with him.

"What's the idea?"he snapped."Trying to fudge out on me."BISULPHIDE

"I'm in a hurry, Skeeter."Ricky to control

dodged and almost stumbled in the heavy snow as Skeeter blocked the Noxious DeepRooted Weedspath.

"Listen, Ricky."His voice was low This chemical when applied by a

tothings coaxing.and "We're kills MornANTI GUN WEED MACK

in,night. doingtoo—can horn You / CanTop, Glory, Knapweed, ing White / Skeeter past bolted who Ricky roots, etc. the Thistle, at by a ada his and with one handgrabbed box

knocked his leather cap off with the LI single treatment.

other. Ricky didn't stop until he reached Noninjurious to grazing cattle

little street. gasp lightedthe a Then to the soil No injury

his him.tore Skeeter box through had permanent. easy and

it! in one Quick, saucerwith the cup and The

thing he counted on to make mom smile Ask Circularfor our freeNo. illustrated212P.

again!

Anger blinded him as he sped back through the alley. But Skeeter was WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER

him! withgone the box and Division of Stauffer Chemical Company night the All through he tossed and

in his sleep. dreamedtumbled He of 636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 again, "If say could hear himTug. He

you have to fight, don't be afraid,

Ricky."Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

11 E awoke in the morning with the doorbell ringing in his ears;

then he could hear voices in the hallway. Ricky dressed quickly and ranto the stairway and peered down. BREAKFAST

anand PatrolmanThere Jamson was SOILOFF his officer. heother and saw Then mom surfaces painted throat. hisbrealfi in caught j CUP Cleans bell,""I said. thought the she "I heard "as dusting. easy a lettermaybe

Ricky's throat tightened. Mom was

so thin and pale.

Patrolman Jamson said, "Mrs.

Brooks, I hate to disturb you, but there's been a robbery at Garrett's store. Mr.

—IGarrettfoundwasRicky'shit on capthe besideback ofhim—the head Expert blending and careful

Ricky's heart beat like a wild thing. roasting gives a rich mellow

Skeeter had done it! Ricky couldnt flavor to this nonstimulating,

take his eyes from mom's shocked face. wholesome beverage. Made of LsftiiU

She brushed her hands across her eyes the right combination of Soy and shook her head as if she didn't unBeans, figs and grains with a dashderstand. of honey, Breakfast Cup is a truly m

delicious drink. Serve Breakfast iO** questioned. robbery?"she "Ricky—a Cup today! like jerked young a her up headThen NO WATER!

'a withcolt's for the first time stung rf* whip. NO RINSING! NO DRYING!

listening really now! was cr scrubbing—and rubbing Mom Mom "Momess clean afterwards. to no up heart again! alive Ricky's wasseemed

this wonderliquid wipe Just on and that things spite insinging of the awful the color cleanable watch any of were being said about him. painted surface reemerge instantly

like magic! quickDries

streaking! spotting Mom walked over and stood in front...almostly without or

of Jamson. Patrolman finest the or paint harm

a bottle?1pI3HSiPyi Wmm Won'tyour hands. Get and you you mean to say my little boy "Do

will and too Make say, "Work is Play the him?"beat and robbed an old man

SoilOff Way."I'm here, look Mrs. Brooks, Serve Like "Now,not saying he's guilty. He's been seen IS Coffee

street night Eighth at with theon SOILOFF ** Guaranteed by just ofStreet a couple boys. him I saw Good CALIF. GLENDALE,

..\*j L*or, I ENJOY LOMA LINDA '"Housekeeping night myself.nights Last ago ILLINOIS when DECATUR,

made my rounds, I found the door to QUALITY FOODS!

{Continued on page 366) JUNE, 1945 365.

Don't Be Afraid, Kid!

JaluL (Continued from page 365)

Garrett's store wide open. Garrett was

BUSINESS on the floor in the back room, unconscious. The place had been ransacked.

TRAINING Ricky's cap with his name in it was right by the old man's hand like he had... this summer at the jerked it off the kid's head in the strug-

L. D. S. Business Colgle."

lege. Ricky stood glued to the floor. He

opened his mouth to call out, but no

REGULAR COURSES words came.

Mom's voice was like a bell now, veterans, Returning like high just to be, and her eyes were it used college graduschool and firecrackers. sparkling like ates

She said, quickly, "Mr. Jamson, it's

SPECIAL COURSE my fault if Ricky has chased the streets

I lately. But school Juniors (nonhigh

I thing bad. know know it—hehe hasn'tcouldn'tdone doanyit. under 18 years) graduates He's not that kind of boy—

Write or call for bulletin She was crying now, great shaking sobs that let her pentup grief break through. his voice lowered and Mr. Jamson BUSINESS COLLEGE

I kindly, Brooks, "Mrs. how know Tel. 3-2765 70 North Main Salt Lake City 1, Utah said,

feel. I've kids of got parents two my

own, grown up now and overseas, but we always think of 'em as babies. I've

been coming in here to talk to you and

Ed about your boy—wish I had now.

There's too many youngsters running around loose because parents are too busy these days."

Ricky sped down the stairs, and put his strong little arms around her. "Don't

cry, Mom,"he begged, "please, don't R-E-B cry."She held him close, and his head

just reached her heart. He could hear

it pounding and he wanted to stay close like this forever.

"I heard what he said but I didn't do it, Mom."He lifted his brown eyes to

hers. "You know I wouldn't, I can tell

about my cap, too, I know who robbed

Mr. Garrett. I'll go and find him and

make him tell you himself. He says I'm

a sissy 'cause I didn't want to fight but now,"his voice choked, then he went on bravely, "now I've got to fight.

I could say who did it but that wouldn't make him tell it—that's my job!"

Ricky's eyes were pleading as he looked at Patrolman Jamson. No one

breathless moment. for a long, spoke Good to Taste—Good to Toast—Good for You his lips. pursed Patrolman Jamson

"My boy,"he said, Til give you a couple of hours to bring this boy to me."

"Thank you, sir,"Ricky said, and his young eyes were clear and steady. Yes,

.. lbving he again would with him momIN OEEER FIFTY YEARS For OVER USE WE

if it lick were try the to world whole A COMPLETE in treatment of Canker,Aids of Skeeter full Hamptons! SERVICE simple ENGRAVING

sore throat and other minor mouth From Missionary Portraits to the Largest Mom hugged Ricky closer. She said,

and throat irritations. Catalogues. "No, Ricky, no! I won't let you fight.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention I'll phone daddy—he'll straighten thingsHall's Canker Remedy UTAH ENGRAVING CO. out."

536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Ricky's heart sank. Was she going

to be like she'd been when Tug went in the marines? Mom had to see things

straight. This was his fight. Tug had

the time told no comes him that when Interesting——Wholesome Stories

it just fight for him. could had one Mom ArticlesGospel MessagesGood Poetryfelt in the fellow found A11 are about to understand a how ERA things like this.

12 issues Send it to your loved ones at home and abroad. $2.00 "Mom,"he said, tenderly. "I've got

to do it. Tug said so."

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DON'T BE AFRAID, KID!

He tore from her clinging arms, "Is that so! Who's gonna make me?"

grabbed his coat, and dashed out. He said Skeeter lunging toward him. Rickydid not stop when he heard her call, bent his head and ploughed in, desttsm

"Ricky, come back, come back!"beperately. Skeeter pounded his face with

cause he knew this had to be done. both fists, and Ricky could feel the hot

blood running from his nose.

Skeeter quick turn made a Ricky and hesitated at corthe R,.icky losing his flopped backward, grasp on ofner Street. Eighth Skeeter's This was

fist Skeeter's Skeeter's arms. smashed his this streetkingdom; lived gang on M face—again—again. they in secret the his held meetingsand

his Ricky's spun, head nose wasCastle, the garage, old Skeeter's behind his closing, eyes he were butboardinghouse. that bleeding, guessed Ricky

hung to on desperately. had win He try this ee/ saucer the lock andmom's cup from and

for had to win mom and Tug. store Garrett's in there.Mr. were He he Then APPLE AND ORANGE SALAD he suddenly the marine remembered the big bell hangingremembered on the

had taught him Judo Tug when he was Core but not of the do Castle;door peel redskinned the door was when on furlough, home with and a forwardopened, apples; bell in cut crack, the eighths. even Peel oranges, a little

Skeeter's cracked he throatrang out so Skeeter could hear it lunge loud with slip knife blade section along down the side of his hard Skeeter hand. When in his up bedroom.way walls, sections. and turn out Arrange lay for breath, gasping quickly Ricky looked back Poplar toward He slices apple sections and orange his turned at over, grabbing him armStreet; right, maybe maybe was mom alternately lettucelined salad on the time, his with same and knees bigSkeeter for too too and tough was slices plates, standing sections and firmly planted in Skeeter's he back,him. Street looked he Eighth Then down is so finished salad that upright his forced higher. higher arm Skeetandagain. told there had him were Tug globeshaped. salad a with each er groaned, but Top mercion hung Rickytimes fight fellow to a had or be when

It lessly. liberal spoonful Durkee's Skeeter of beat or Skeeter was Mayonlife. his rest of himself theashamed of

him. beat naise, garnish would a and with maraschino

his in heart throat His he as pounded "Tell mekicked the Castle of open the door and is,"yelled Ricky. where"Quick—orthat cup andI'llsaucerbreak cherry. bell bigthe out across rang the frosty

air. your arm. Tell me."

I yelled. won't,"Skeeter "No! minute minutes two A passed-—then Skeeter's twisted higher. Ricky arm Skeeter out the bounded back—then "Tell gritted. me,"he not foolin'. "I'm hair ruffled of the house. Hisdoor was

tell the here gang robbed you And Mr. his halfup, sleep, shut eyes with were

but when he saw Ricky they popped Garrett. Tell 'em."

wide open. Skeeter groaned again and pain

"What you sneakin''round here for, twisted"Let go,"his face.he blubbered. "I'll tell."

Runt?"he gritted. "D'ya think you're a "Oh, no,"said Ricky, putting on thecommando 'er something."pressure, "you tell first—

"I'm not sneakin',"Ricky said talk- "I did it,"Skeeter gasped, "The cup ing shake. voice wouldn't so his low the Castle, trunk."behind the—is—in

beat to tell got"You've Mr. Jamson you satisfied Ricky was now. knew HeMr. Garrett—I want mom's present he'd never be afraid of Skeeter again.back, too—(Concluded on page 368)

Does YOUR Property Qualify??

Owners of Better Properties Now

Saving 20% on Fire Insurance If YOUR property is a betterthan-average fire insurance risk—call The GENnow! Agent ERAL The of America only. GENERAL risks"insures "preferred

losses lower. are Savings are returned Thus to policyholders of in the form diviGENERALINSURANCE CO

dends—and these dividends have never been less than 20% of premiums on preOFAMERICA

ferred risks! If you think your property qualifies as a "preferred risk"—call The VomeJ)ffiCe

GENERAL Agent now! This plan applies both to business and residential properties.

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. OF AMERICA FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE. GENERAL SEATTLE H. K. DENT, President... Home Office:

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bidg., Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE, 1945 367.. )

DON'T BE AFRAID, KID!

( Concluded from page 367 The table was all ready, and daddy held the highbacked hostess chair for

I,Lt was mom's birthday dinmom. Tug always said mom was a little

ner. Ricky lay on the lounge in the livqueen when she sat in that chair. She is

ing room and watched mom and dad set a queen, thought Ricky, watching her the table before the fireplace. They dark eyes glow in the soft candlelight

called, on, Ricky Daddy "Come everything to with one watch had He Boy."the other shut swollen because eye was

his the mantle from package took He him. His Skeeter had where pounded

table. the stood limped and toward He bruised. shins skinned His were and

untie right her watched PABCO always ate in here on birthdays. as she looked around the table. and by mom stiff sore so he could and body was

little the box. the blue around ribbon A that the but eye hardly move, was ALUMISHIELD his in she throat pulse throbbed when that surged joy with open beamed

the lifted the white saucer from cup and him. through ROOFING tissue paper. Her hands caressed them,

closely as she he watched mom Now tenderly. protection roof Added.. lifted to velvet her eyes daddy. brown said in a "English Spode!"she

.. longer life. plus a heatsaid. didn't she hear Tug,"from breathless whisper. Ricky "Oh, "We

reflecting quality that makes He watched her hands as she lighted the Ricky."Her hands touched his hair,

building interiors as much as birthday candles; they trembled, and and then her warm sweet face was

thinkhard. Ricky swallowed She was his. to pressed so good Mom smelled 15 cooler! PROTECTIVE ing on slowly, She went of Tug roses. like ALUMINUM

fire Reduces little could one COATING word saucer! think cup you and And to "A "Ifft we again.hear—just hazards! earned it, Ricky!"Mom held him and

hadn't if she seen as him at him shining time. eyes were Costs far BETTER pressedDaddy herhurriedhead overcloseto againstmom andhis lookedfor a long Her

in less the ASPHALT shoulder. his her in to talked he Then just into his. you're "Ricky, like Tug ROOFING

voice, that low, strong and Ricky knew heroes! look are both run! Daddy, of you long

listening because daddy was this child mom has makes only what done—it

like talked it from he meant that when I'll get I've so lazy. But been ashamed

his heart. that white sweater, Ricky, this on busy PROTECTIO me

"I know it's hard for you, darling,"night!"very

he went on. "It's hard for all of us. Ricky's heart was singing. God had

his prayers—mom

daddy, ROOFS and BUILDINGS We'vehome—that'sgot to whathelp Tugeach expectsother hereus toat answeredagain and too—andlovedhe hadhim

do."helped him in his fight with Skeeter. He

He tipped mom's face up so he could must be sure to tell Tug in his next letlook into her eyes. "How about it, ter that it helped to say his prayers.

little harder. Let's His head was high when he took his PABCO Mary—let's try a

be as brave as Tug and Ricky."place at the table. He could hear dad's

Ricky held his breath, waiting for cheery laugh and he knew he had kept COOLITE*Rea. U. S. Pat. Off. mom's answer, and when she said, "I'll his promise to Tug—home was safe

it. now. This aluminum coating for try, dear,"he knew she meant

roofs lowers inside temperatures as much as 15 degrees and adds to roofdurability.. THE SOUTHERN INDIAN MISSION

because it reflects up to 80% {Continued from, page 342) necessary to satisfy the Indians shows of the sun's the severe winter weather set in. There that they were eager for their frienddestructive were difficulties and friction among some ship, or that they were so in the minorof the brethren; there was much work ity that they felt it would be safer.

rays. rations. short on missionaries the to spend decided sent to HThe brethren of the Five had been * There'* alto a special holidays and Christmas in Parowan the for metal the Clara Santa among to work COOLITE

City, Christmas though day Cedar wall*. roofs and their tribes there. of acaccount The

still Christthe road. found them on "O is tivities in detail given Jacob by Hamgallon

art the in of England! thou to the mas Where in blin journal, his Brother while Brown -RDS his Brother asked \ob Brown World?"New brief reference occasional or only makes * - to the v*A*S journal. enjoy they did Nevertheless, their of summaries work. Harmony, At

in parties the the dinners dances and and rule the of D. adopted had Lee John

whipping Indians for misdemeanors, as settlements. After a holiday of three

the best and quickest way to appeal to days, the other missionaries started back their intellect. Then when one of the to Harmony, but T. D. Brown remained

Look in the white men struck an Indian with the to help with the Deseret Iron Com- ["Yellow Pages'barrel of his gun, the natives demanded pany's books. For nearly two months

for your local similar punishment for him. he worked there, during which time he

faithfully events the of recorded each

PABCO dealer. Many Indians present. It was agreed that his return misto he left to day. When

for lashes hurting receive Harris Indian 25 sion noted: he ES INC. L. CD THE PARAFFINE MPANI Joseph, 5 Indian for whipping and more an

19, FRANCISCO CALIFORNIA SAN day, allowed $2.50 per or 50c Wages boy, to Lemuel. Powell Jas. appointed was olso, Makers, Linoleums, of Pabco Mastipave laborers! allow than more common They this satisfied him; the the Indians whip and Flooring HeavyDuty mechanics $3.00, $4.00 per day. masons and

off. chains taken mostly were have They intelligence experience bookkeeper's and A to the see gone whipping.

less of the than value here sinew. bone and

The fact that they seemed to find it He returned to his mission at Har368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE SOUTHERN INDIAN MISSION committee.man. Bros,. Bosnell, Harrison and Liston

mony in February cind again gives dety life, on the meetings and the topics What could be more eloquent than that tails of the work attending getting esfor discussion, on the dances and theof the efforts of the group to improve tablished in homes and preparing new aters and entertainments, are hardly less themselves? Could one imagine such a

land for crops. valuable. Consider such an entry as meeting being held in a mining town of

Just one year after his first visit to this: Nevada? What colony so newly estabthe colonies of the south, Brigham lished (outside Mormondom) would

this to evening Attended a meeting early to public arbegin debates? so have far as as Parowan, again cameYoung

discussion and range a Dickson R. between this of others record study and iron The the to inspect works onand English Queson Parker at Arthur Grammar.

it like cannot appreciagive but new missionaries City. All the andCedar tion: of English the System Whether Old

most of the people of Harmony came Grammar, or Brown's New System of tion for the work of colonizing this difthere to meet him. Brother Brown tells Syntithology is the better? James Lewis of ficult land, and new respect for the men

of his own meeting with the president Parowan and T. D. Brown were appointed who achieved it.

thus: to judge and decide. Jno. Pugmire, ChairThe end.

Prest. Young sat down on a log outside,

conversing affably with many, and perceiving T. D. Brown outside the circle, stretched

out his hand, asking how he did? and of

the farming, fencing and water at Harmony and the crickets. How he liked the mission?

Well, but sometimes felt dull especially when good Saints left to go north towards home. The Pres't. then said—-"Bro. Brown,

you have worked well in mule harness, we shall soon put you in plated."

Brother Brown might have gone home with the president's party at the time, but he felt honorbound to stay and finish his two years'work. Besides he had

promised Captain Allen that he would go with him south to open up a new mission at Las Vegas and to explore the

Colorado River. On Monday, 11 January, 1858, he records the fact that he

lost his M.S. journal of this part of the

Indian mission, but that he will give the important events from memory. He then

proceeds to outline the trip south wherein six missionaries on horseback went to the Muddy and on to Las Vegas, exploring the Colorado River country below the Black Canyon. Since they

started over this desert stretch on June 1, they suffered from the heat and from thirst.

The journal ends officially with this are of copies though theresummary, THE PERFECT SALAD DRESSING letters in to President the same Young cover and some other material. It is

interesting to note that of the twentyone missionaries who came in that first group, only ten remained at the end of the twoyear period. One had died in

the south; the others had withdrawn.

It is hard to overestimate the value of such a record as this, for it gives an authentic cross section of the development of southern Utah, along with the social habits and customs of the people. Demands As Much Training And Preparation AsStudents of many subjects will find it a

source book of dates and facts. To one

seeking information on the development this will the through,of the give road trains the of beforestory passing pack Winning cl (x//z?l

wagons went over it. Such dates as

"Sunday 30 July—The first mail underthe new contract passed through Cedar COLLEGE WORK AND UNIVERSITY STUDY AT

City this day on its way from Gt. St.

Lake City to San Diego"might be imITS BEST THE YEAR AROUND portant to an historian, or the fact that on Saturday, 24 February, 1 855, Washington County was organized. at

Without doubt, the chief value of the record contained in the journal lies inthe pictures given of the earlyday InBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY dians, and of the hardships of those who PROVO, UTAH first tried to carry Christianity to them.

But the sidelights on Mormon communiJUNE, 1945 369

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT (Mi* k Pt $**$* -4tu &&)

(Continued [rom page 332) votion and selfsacrifice and unselfishhad come with his Father to open anand the still more savage red men. At ness he will be able to tell them. other dispensation to restore that which,

this time she returned to her family had been lost to so many of our Fain New Jersey and later came with her HPhere have been many men who have ther's children, and to offer it again to sister to the Salt Lake Valley where she lived in the land in which we live, the children of men, not to take anymarried Jedediah M. Grant. She had but I know of none of them who has thing away from them, but to add to

one son, Heber J. Grant. been more determined, more faithful, the richness of their lives and prepare

more desirous of doing the things that them for eternal happiness.

President Grant's father died when would enrich the lives of our Father's President Grant's training was of

President Grant was a babe, and he other children and bring happiness to that character. He lived in a home where

had the joy of growing up to provide for them. there was family and individual prayer,

and support his mother who to him was His mother believed in the divine mismorning and evening, and where thanks the most angelic soul he ever knew. She sion of Joseph Smith, the Prophet. She for the food partaken of, was always

came to this valley to live when it took believed the revelations that were given given. In his home he was taught to

great faith to face her problems. This to him, accepted them, and lived to see honor father and mother, honor his

man whose earthly remains are in this some of the prophecies contained in Heavenly Father, and to love his neighcasket has seen come into existence in them fulfilled in her own lifetime. bor as himself. I know of no man who

this city during his lifetime nearly every Joseph Smith, the Mormon Prophet, has been more generous in his contribubuilding, every street, every improved not only read the scriptures but he also tion of himself and of the means that road, practically all the trees, all the went out into the woods to pray when have come into his hands. He tried to

churches, and the temple that stands to he was but a youth, not yet fifteen years make his brothers and sisters of all the east of this building. He lived to see of age. He wanted to know what the faiths and creeds happier.

the city grow from a small village to a Lord desired him to do. He had read The resurrection is a reality. Joseph

pulsating metropolis in the tops of these in James: Smith had a visitation from John the

everlasting hills. President Grant made If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of Baptist, the same who baptized Jesus

a wonderful contribution toward bringGod, that giveth to all men liberally, and upChrist our Lord, and received at his ing that about; not however with the braideth not; and it shall be given him. hands the Holy Priesthood. This man

object that people might have wealth (James 1:5.) believed that. Peter, James, and John,

that they to but the comfort, end resurand as Savior, of the associates the test. it to the that, put believing he And necesthe with provided so themight be conferred and beings, came rected his into near the out woods went He turnsities life hearts their that of would Priesthood Joseph upon Melchizedek knelt and down, in Palmyra, home desire to himto a honor that have It and priesthood that God the Prophet, was light wisfor and the to Lord prayed therehis andand taken keep commandments having held. this Instead of man organto what wanted know dom. He happiness. for eternal prepare mesby these heavenly anything away, with. identified ization should be he of the taught gospel him mother His that had which again sengers brought he and churches was were many There it conas Christ, not result only the wasJesus with world, lost to the been is a that his story confused, and own Testaments, intained the the of and this Old servant of ministry New that the

light him and overshadowed beautiful including scriptures, in the otherbut love and with fraught has been Lord glorified Perlight in that he saw two is all of longthe which known these Mormon, helpfulness Book kindness and of in midair. standing sonages One scripture. of Inas the volume American years.

desired. he He what asked him them unthe of mostthat one have book we Personages the "I said: who asked that I separation the at to reference sorrow statementsusual with rPoDAY

all light, in of the which stood above me spirit forty goes the of * than After whenwhere more man come. has I should sects which it the was right—and is virwaitingleaves his physical man's and learns to a body years know one other to turning join."them, of One greatness, resurrection. This his for the of the time appreciate to tues and

is said, Beloved "This my Son—hearthe fortieth this chapter is in great, the as man found be he especiallymay when then Lord, resurrected our him."Jesus, this lovely taught I also accepted and withof sympathize been. She Alma. has to join but church to any not told him in the family, it is contained revelations andher the lovely son family, a and

service. future for himself prepare it exthem. of Covenants, where andDoctrine been He has he proud how the in of our evidence day was That into glory ofplains degrees dear various cherished Aunt the and has loved

it resthe resurrection, because was is his after assigned stood family that by the his haswhich wife human Gusta,

Lord, Christ, our who urrected Jesus life sits in our Grant's President resurrection.the until She side now. even

was made rich by the devotion of this presence today like a queen surrounded

Christian mother who forsook the comby these dear ones she has mothered all forts of a palatial home on the eastern Favorite Poetry their lives. As I look into your faces,

seaboard finally to make her home here I congratulate you with all my heart and to earn her own living with her {Concluded [com page 329) for having had so great a husband and hands while her son was developing. father and grandfather and greatgrand-

She was a daughter of God in every J. G. Holland's "God Give Us Men": father, and that you have so lived that

sense of the word. She was a real mothGod give us men. A time like this demands ou have appreciated the things that

er. Her love and devotion were showStrong minds, great hearts, true faith and Ie has done for you. It will not be long,

ered upon that boy. She saw him grow ready hands. even as we measure time here, until

from childhood to manhood and take Men whom the lust of office does not kill! the members of this family will begin

his place among his fellows. She saw Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy; to be called to the great beyond. They

will; opinions and possess a who Men as the their same leaders will the of receive summons one him to become grow

will not lie; honor; have who men who live all will his. she Men received of the has with Not he and he which Church

before stand a demagogue can who Men father of and age that identified, your the to advanced doubt no have and Iwere flatteries without his treacherous damn And for will time the these come but Gusta, over him watching she Aunt been has winking.

many years since he was called to preyou to go hence. I desire to say to this

side over this great organization as the Tall men, suncrowned, who live above the family, if you want to go to the place mouthpiece of the Father of us all. fog where this man has gone, if you want

thinking. in private public and In duty celestial life in the eternal the enjoy to other that imagine on I can now

their rabble, the with thumbworn while For after lives pattern his is your then kingdom, side reunion there with a happy creeds, life, exthe his follow sisters the of example father brothers mother, and and little their deeds, professions large and Their this, set. If that do has he you him. ample ones preceded and have loved who selfish in weeps; Freedom Mingle strife—lo! being from prevent you can nobody him already welcomed have rules Justice land; theThey waiting may and Wrong

home; and what a story of faith and desleeps. united again with him and all the rest

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUSE THIS EASY RECIPE PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

of the family who have gone and who Meet together often. Keep acFOR MAKING VEUCIOVS

will be going from time to time. quainted with one another. Learn to

love these children that are here and "Mow, brethren and sisters, these are all others that may later be born.

some of the things that come to my Cause them to appreciate one another mind today. I have no words to express and repeat to them over and over the

my gratitude for the assurance of the virtues of the great man whose mortal resurrection. If I know anything, I know remains are in this casket, who has gone

that it is true, because we have not home to the God who gave him life. We

only the evidences I have referred to, may all know the truth of eternal life but others that I have not time to refer if we will but follow in the footsteps to. We are living eternal lives, every of President Grant.

one of us, and I want to leave my testiSo today, knowing it as I know that mony with you that I do know that, as I live, I leave this witness with you,

I know that I live. I pray that the spirit that if we will live for it our Heavenly

of our Heavenly Father may be with us, Father will give to us eternal life in the that we may follow his teachings, that celestial kingdom—and that celestial

we may love our neighbors as ourkingdom will be this earth which we selves, that we may go about doing dwell upon, when it is cleansed and good, realizing that all the treasures purified, and when it becomes the kingthat we will find when we go to the dom that will be presided over by Jesus other side will be those that we have Christ our Lord. For that knowledge

laid up there by ministering to our and for that gift that has come to me I

Father's other sons and daughters with am profoundly grateful. I pray that all

whom we have associated here. He may have such blessings and have them

has made this possible for all of us, and abundantly through righteous living, so during our stay here we will be happier that in the end when we shall be gathserving our fellows than we could posered before the throne of God to resibly be in any other way. I pray that ceive our reward, because of our rightthe spirit that has pervaded this house eous lives, because we have gone about

today, that has been with this man all doing good, because we have lived as his life and with his dear wife and chilthe Lord would have us live, we may dren, may continue with you forever. find our names enrolled in the Lamb's

Let me give you a little advice that Book of Life, not one missing, and I was given by the grandfather of the pray that it may be so, in the name of

Prophet Joseph Smith to his family: Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.

BE SURE TO USE RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK MORNING MILK!

PRIESTHOOD ITS EHM KM* MAKES (Continued from page 339) September 22, 1 827. Joseph had hidden A BIG DIFFERENCE!

Knight had taken supplies in wagon the plates near Hill Cumorah for proloads to him and Oliver on several octection after he had received them from casions. Without this assistance, it the Angel Moroni. He went back for Compare the flavor of Morning Milk with

it other evaporated milk. Taste undifor the necessary would have been later. his them had home he way On

as it the comes from can. You'll translators find their to stop anyluted—just and work been attacked wicked had men by who understand Morning all Milk improves why to with provideemployment means possession secure of to attempted the recipes!

which to sustain themselves. Isaac Hale plates, but he had defended himself and

had for a time provided for them, but outdistanced his pursuers. When he

when the Prophet refused to let him see reached home he was exhausted and the plates, he drove them from his home turned the heavy plates over to Josiah Buy FinerFlavored and refused further help. He gave them Stowel, according to the latter's state-

a of of protection as measure a matter Josiah Stowel and ment. Both Joseph

justice, being and or- a believer in law Knight, the of with Smith MORNING MILK members der, but he refused to provide for them. family, went in pursuit of the Prophet's

In May 1829, probably just before the assailants, but failed to find them.

Aaronic Priesthood was restored, Jo- (That Josiah Stowel did not see the seph Knight had visited the Prophet at plates even though he handled them is a revelationHarmony, and had been his in statement, the evident from carry large stocks oi music suitable lor It isgiven the Prophet. through to him plates letter WeMUSIC to, that referred the he took when

section twelve in the Doctrine and from the Prophet he had said, "Blessed desiredCovenants. Knight had Joseph CHURCHES the duty concerningto know his work isblessedhe thatis heseesthatandbelievethbelievethwithoutand moreseethen revelaon, carried being the and ing."plates were (The in a wrapped

tion given. him, the Prophet ANDSCHOOLS was Of linen "duster.") or In frock the same Arranged later, towrote honorable "I wish make is letter that a statement he (Stowel) for Vocal and

Instrumentalmention.""never staggered at the foundation of HOME USE

Josiah Stowel also had been very the work for he knew too much conSOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS

close to the Prophet. In a letter to cerning it."We specialize in L. D. S. Church music. Write

to for us suggestions written forJoseph Smith, material available. and him by Mrs. dating numbering of the secand The

in Steinway Lester pianos, and bandMartha dated Campbell, December and tions of the Doctrine and are Dealers Covenants and orchestra instruments, talking machines, 19, 1843, sixteen years later, Josiah reasons for believing that the revelation records and musicians'supplies.

Stowel referred to the fact that he had given to Joseph Knight was received taken plates the Book from of Mormon restoration shortly before the the of CO. DAYNES MUSICthe as he Prophet reached the farm on (Continued on page 47 372) So. Main St. City 1 Salt Lake

JUNE, 1945 371 RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD (Continued from page 371) In view of these dates it might be was made for some specific purpose and

Aaronic Priesthood. While all the secassumed that Joseph and Oliver were that, their purpose having been accomtions of the Doctrine and Covenants on their way to Fayette from Harmony plished, these brethren then returned to

are not numbered in the exact order in by way of Colesville, which would not Harmony. Shortly afterward, the

which they were received, there appears have been far out of their way, when Prophet says, "In the beginning of the to be no good reason for believing that the Melchizedek Priesthood was remonth of June"(D.H.C., Volume One,

sections twelve and thirteen ( and probstored. This, however, could not very page 48) David Whitmer arrived and

ably fourteen) were not given in that well have been the case due to the fact took them to his father's home in order as they were finally arranged in that the journey to Fayette from HarFayette, Seneca County, a distance of that sequence under the direction of mony is described by the Prophet as some 120 miles.

the Prophet. having been made in "a twohorse wagAs it appears from the record ( ComSection twelve was given to Joseph on"brought to Harmony by David prehensive History, Volume I, page

Knight, through the Prophet "in the Whitmer. As David was not present 183) that the Melchizedek Priesthood

month of May 1829."The day is not when Peter, James, and John appeared had been restored before Joseph and

given. Section thirteen, dealing with the in "the wilderness"—at least that is inOliver left Harmony to reside in Fayrestoration of the Aaronic Priesthood, dicated by the fact that Joseph and ette, it would seem that the journey to

is definitely dated May 15. Section Oliver were the only ones mentioned Colesville, during which the Melchizefourteen was given at Fayette in June. it appears that the journey to Colesville dek Priesthood was restored, was made

soon after May 15 when the Aaronic

Priesthood was restored.

"Cor a time after the first baptisms and the restoration of authority to act in temporal ordinances, it appeared desirable to keep the matter secret in view of the attitude of the people of

Harmony; but it was not kept secret

for long. By May 25 the story had

been told to Samuel H. Smith, Joseph's

brother. He had considered it earnestly

and prayerfully, and on that day was baptized at Harmony. The next nearest

friends were the Knights at Colesville and the Stowels at South Bainbridge.

As there is nothing in the record to indicate that Joseph and Oliver were at

Harmony together between the time of their removal to Fayette and the organMOTOR OIL ization of the Church, which definitely

TRIPLE TREATED requiredchizedek thePriesthood,authoritythereof appearthe Melto be strong grounds for believing that the 100% PARAFFIN Higher Priesthood may have been restored before they removed from Harmony. This would place the date not

later than early June of 1829. This

belief follows the reasoning, with slight variations, of Elder B. H. Roberts,

one of our most accurate and conscientious historians, in his Comprehensive History of the Church (Volume

I, page 183).

When Joseph and Oliver journeyed to Colesville, they were going to visit some of their most loyal and intimate friends. Could it have been that their

After more than 40 years of leadership in producing purpose was to carry the good news of the restoration of the Aaronic Priestquality motor oil Utah Oil Refining Company now hood? These same men, Joseph Knight

so highly Stowel, been Josiah and had brings you its greatest achievement—a new motor to permitted as favored to have been

oil! This comes at an opportune time—to help you know in advance the date and to be

present when the Book of Mormon make your motorized equipment last longer. plates were brought to the Joseph Smith

farm. Josiah Stowel had handled the

plates and Joseph Knight had been given a special revelation. Obviously, they

were in the Prophet's confidence.

Call or See Your Nearest The most significant thing in connection with the restoration of the MelUtah Oil Refining Company thechizedekplace—itPriesthoodis the factis notthattheitdatedid noroccur. Of this there is no doubt in the

Distributor, Station or Dealer minds of true Latterday Saints. The

fruits of the Restoration have been demonstrated throughout the civilized world. The power of the priesthood

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

RESTORATION OF THE MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD has been manifest too many times to hood today can bear testimony to its Easrfoeat/ admit of any reasonable doubt. Later reality.

revelations attest the fact. The Savior On that unnamed date, in that unWNNET-CUSMRDS

confirmed it. (D. &C. 27:12, 13.) Other known place, an event occurred which

heavenly messengers gave complete has affected, and will continue to affect, recognition to it. Thousands of worthy the entire world as long as human beings

men who hold the Melchizedek Priestinhabit the earth.

EGOLESS These CUSTARDS FROM SAGEBRUSH TO SAND DUNES NONCOOKED (Continued from page 341) Later, Professor Winsor learned that make a hit many girls who glean in the fields just as some of the soldiers of this chief had with everyone in the days of Ruth. And water, which been hidden behind rocks during the enIf suspicious anything expedition. is westerners, essential a tireis to most so Small her dad—may Susan—and party occurred, Winsor's had land. Iran Mr. water "In in thatscarcity love milk. they at drinking balk But left it, is picked been life, have would there only for withoutmeans off—and deliit these into eat to made when sun. desert it the to bleach under very a comfound waste."barren He in the rennetcustards cious carry see to experience a womanmon fighting son, letter sent then to In of a values protective food a Richmilk—and her of water on pounds hundredone

in forces Mr. Germany, the with armed makes enzyme more rennet them the in miles, or jug five for a or headback

a pigskin or a goatskin. And he added Winsor wrote: readily digestible than milk itself.

"This will be corrected if I can stay I was making a survey for water installa- "Junket"Rennet Powder—At grocers. Allong enough."tion at a Persian military post on one of ready sweetened. Six favorite flavors.

the big rivers down south. I had a plan Vanilla Chocolate Lemon

to give Maple Raspberry rod taken a Orange out and had crew retable seen has some"Drofessor Winsor to determine readings instrument the man

Tablets Rennet "Junket"writlabors, for he has suits of his unin surface the water of drop the amount siveetened. sugar, Add—Not the things letters as such in several Iten giving railroad bridge. a readder the 12 rennet was flavor to taste.

in package; tablets each tabbridge. the waterdirectlyfollowing: under ing The

rennetor 5 4 makes hear I did noise not so much fall made desserts or the letcustard than more I was present at commencement of harvest ice groof cream. a pint British At guard, Indian of challenge a was who

on some 7000 acres, on one of our new on the bridge some sixty feet above. Finally cers and druggists.

projects. Splendid crop. Five combines I heard him and looked up into the muzzle

night and when working daywere rifle. shoot. not Fortunately, I left. of he did a I /ft

Iran where the spot in only to beThis seems off left for the the spot and called the work modern machinery is used for harvesting. day. I then checked with the officer in comFREE!

Recipes for of I seeing satisfaction the just had have orders that the found guard had and mand del u s big of of our harvestthe one beginning on I the twice, shoot. then to challenge know dessertsi o

least [censor we'll atprojects produce where that they to ice shoot well Indians enough milkandi c know also creams; thus figure] wheat, of the out poundscut I slightest really had provocation so the on foldhelpful this to of shipping thesaving amount same call. later talked close a and I went back I er, "Mother,

here produced every pound;.J| for About the cleared the with guards What andcountry—for way S? cu STARR: is saved. that shipping This Diet?"means much My the job. completing

only the beginning. This land will produce Send Coupon::ij: NET

just before the end of the prescropanother integrity Professor of Winsor The

...ent season. the recognized was by common people Chr."TheHansen's'Junket'Laboratory,Folks/'Inc., Dept. 76

Toronto, Canada, Falls, Little Y. N. (Jn district after king. In as as the well by his plans, Professor of In pursuance Ont.y

district that learned he s they was when children recipes and send Please free trips to necessity of make hadWinsor folder. in their midst, to they exdiet would come of the hazardousinland most under and postcard on this coupon paste (Just slept their appreciation. even They address.) your and name add and of press the didconditions. only means Not

all in the courtyards the night ground on constitute but hazards,transportation that they might gardens see him and of the people naturealso the their gratitude. among andexpress he Modestly, obstacles. afforded he must passwhom stated ( 1

Carefully Choose I escort cavalry with place one When went At because appreciate people my service The of to the into the headwatershigh mountains justice in and administering active I am Bible Choose Your in You possibility investigate the to systema river forminto action carrying it through where of diverting water to a fertile district where erly they have only talked about it.

the populationhas been faced with starva-

I of the to water. found shortagetion due inplace, the Finally, he had in one

feasible, theproject are plans to be and in dressed of teresting being experience starting construcwell toward under way chief, being tribal robes, a as and thetion. into beautiful a mountain rode As we in the Beloved this tribe entertained wild royally byvalley considerable a met were by numwe

ber of armed guards from the village (a tent a remote part of the country. In another KING JAMES

city) where one of the big tribes has its section he had this unusual experience VERSION flying in sent abode.summer a Molah are many We HERE X

for a meeting arranged Governorgeneral to robeswhite peace ahead out translations, a make of the versions many all delegates parts of from Zayende Rudetalk. tribe Presently the chief the of only one authorized Bible.—But King James

I that river ( the operated saved and June it is beautiful. If the to a greet us and our Book badeand came Molah NATIONAL

villages). large crops delegafor many inA it is Bible the beloved Version. the village King usus enter. took through James He

I tion to for gathered thank what had me to the headwaters foundon a up where we sparkling spring about like the big spring done and am doing for them. I talked to

half for the explained an hour andin the them chatted with Canyon. Logan We

their are starting. In response, work wechief his aids, the pur- I explained and.and..

a prince old of the spokesman, dynasty, of territory. to hispose seemed He my visit

in our thank you. "With tears eyes we that peace- a convinced to be there on I was said,We NationalSINCE 186,3....AT tOURbiblesBOOKSTORE

...ful [Concluded invasion. on page 374)

JUNE, 1945 373 FROM SAGEBRUSH TO SAND DUNES manyreports centuries.by eminentTheengineers,archivesbut areit remainedfull of

for a humble sagebrush Mormon actually {Concluded from page 373) The conclusion of those who learn to carry the work forward into reality. It

have been waiting for many years for the about his work must be that which gives one a thrill to be working over again

American prophet who would come to deProfessor Winsor himself makes: the ground that was trod by the ancient

liver us and now you are here. God bless prophets and to put the water back into the

and protect you and keep you safe to com-... I... am carrying on many other deditches that have been dry so many long

plete the mighty works you have begun."velopments that have lain dormant these centuries.

TLJard as the work has been, difficult as has been the enforced separation

Professor Church, family andfrom "UNCLE JOHN SMITH"?

in his work, WHO WAS sustained has beenWinsor for he has realized that he is doing an (Continued from page 337) John Henry and Sarah Farr Smith.

essential job, vital in helping the progsons, we find that only four of them President Smith has devoted practically ress of a potentially great people and joined the Mormon Church, and Uncle all of his energies to Church service nation. He has been able to see some John was the only one of them who lived since his early manhood. He began his

of the Latterday Saints who have to emigrate to Utah. His three children ecclesiastical career in 1892, when he

traveled to Iran with the armed forces remained faithful to the Church and was called on a mission to the Southern of the United States. He mentions havmigrated to the West also, and now his States. There he served for two years

ing been particularly happy to renew descendants have attained the status of as mission secretary under the late J.

acquaintance with Colonel Paul and a mighty multitude. In a little over one Golden Kimball. From 1919 to 1921, he

also of meeting three soldiers from Utah hundred years from the time Uncle John was president of the European Mission.

and Arizona and taking them to his joined the Church, his descendants have For nearly fortytwo years he served room where they held a sacrament meetreached the number of approximately efficiently as a member of the Council of ing. The next Sunday they repeated it one thousand persons. Among the group the Twelve, to which position he was

with eight in attendance, and plans were are many of the most stalwart members called in 1903. During the past two

perfected to continue their Sunday of the Church of Jesus Christ, filling years, following the death of President observances so long as the soldiers repositions of trust and importance as Rudger Clawson in June, 1943, he has mained. General Authorities and in stakes and been president of that body. On Mon-

. The building of dams, tunnels, new wards. day, May 21, 1945, Brother Smith was

riverbeds, ana water mains, have all Uncle John Smith's eldest son, George sustained as President of the Church at of the of the special meeting Council A. a as George routine parts known Professor ofbeen WinAlbert—commonly in the sucheld temple. Twelve He the himself during this Insor's to he work. order work, do Smith—distinguished

PresiPresident Grant. ceeded Heber J. history as one pioneer period of Utah foot, traveled plane,has horseon on by

back, and by jeep, as well as by boat, of the greatest builders of colonies and dent Smith selected J. Reuben Clark,

so that he could know first hand the as an ardent Church leader: Jr., and David O. McKay as his counproblems involved. Wherever there was a colonial projfaithfullyselors, the assamePresidentmen whoGrant'shad servedcounect of great importance, Apostle George selors.

A. Smith was sure to be at its center. He

is known to our generation not only beAmong President Smith's numerous cause of his large physical stature, but accomplishments are those pertaining to

Association, Trails and Landmarks for neer missions filled many He WANTED hisportions.spiritual stature was of equal proscouting, the M.I.A., and the Utah Piothe orbeing the leading spirit behind apostle for served as an the Church, + twentynine years, and was first counganization of the latter. He has won

in scouting, recognition from international selor President Brigham to Young NURSES nation of the execuserving as a member his death, to time of 1875. 1868 At the to Core for In tive committee. he 1934 was leader remarked: the Mormon

highest buffalo, the silver awarded Wounded the for Smith Brother A. George I have known along scouting with honor, D. Newton

in traveled labored years, and fortytwo have Col. secretary of war, Baker, former

for years, and the ministry him many with Roosevelt, Percy Jr., and Paul Theodore faithful to as and believed be boy have a him

thirHarris. President Smith devoted 30/000 are returnwounded in opinion, lived; has as he and, ever my man

ing from battlefields every as good a record on this and the other side of teen years of service (19211934) as month. Nurses are needed the veil as any man."8 general superintendent of the Young

Association. Improvement He Men's now! American can women Smith, son, A.'s Henry George John identified with actively also has been their give country no higher "fruit."approxiFor also choice was Association Trail the Memorial Oregon service. the the Cross thirty served Ask Church years he mately Red Revolution. the of American Sons and

apostle faithfully climaxed today. and as an

is the president of vice present, he At the in service long of his Church term Association Trails Pioneer American Overland Greyhound's war First in the counselor of capacity second general of the S.A.R. president vice is and job moving manpower last a the year during and Presidency until victory. Then—we will half of his life. In addition to his Church President Smith is known throughshow you "This Amazing work, he figured prominently in the out the entire Church for his lovable,

America"you kept free. political affairs of the state, serving as affable, and genuinely Christian charSalt Lake City councilman, a member acter. He, like his greatgrandfather,

of the Territorial Legislature, and as is a "Man of God,"a Saint indeed.

president of the Constitutional ConvenHis son, George Albert Smith, Jr., has

tion, and several times a member of the also attained prominence. He is at the

Irrigation and the TransMississippi present time assistant dean at the GradOVERLAND ofCongress.the EdmundTuckerAt the time oflaw,the passagehe and uateat HarvardSchool University.of Business AdministrationGreatness has

others were sent to Washington, D.C., come down through five generations

of descendant prominent most The Smith, George A., John Uncle John

is alive today SmithGREYHOUND Uncle who is John Albert, AlGeorge and George Henry,

President George Albert Smith, son of bert, Jr. The latter four are examples Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES

8Cited in Jenson. op. erf., 42 of the "fruits"of Uncle John Smith.

374 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA

Men do not gather grapes of thorns, or John Smith never had a son named Eden Smith's home branch), the Prophet figs of thistles. Generations yet unborn and the record not indicating that anwrote on that same day as follows

rise shall bless the to the of Prophname other into Smith the had John come Brethren: Dear et uncle. Joseph's since story the talking Prophet been had

It is truly to painful the necesunder be his uncle, naturally Dr. Chase assity writing of subject which engages on a us give ET wherein an example T now writer might any have done viz.: this attention time, at aboutsumed—as the our case "writer recent confused Uncle John the they Smith, were same John his Smith, Smith, son. and John Eden a—that Weof with Smith. Smith Dr. another John this other were Eden and Then who just letter received have confrom a you

Daryl Chase in his recent book, Joseph John Smith? The writer of this article cerning their standing in the Church. We the Prophet, was endeavoring—to quote searched the Church archives rather do not hold them in fellowship. We would his words—to show that thoroughly for information regarding inform you that John Smith has been dealt

with, his him; authority taken and from this definitely that state them can and the In the Restored Prophet Church are his to required and not you receive the the uncle of not Smith provided was ecclesiastical to John the protect courts teachings, treat to but as transgressor, a him

it evil to innocent the expel unrepentant and Prophet, not that he and was until repents he before himself and humbles doer. fear or favor were Without men relative. in find that 1831, even a seemsWe the to the Lord, the satisfaction entire of

their apostleship from to of that dropped a before Uncle which few months was also, Church: and to authority have you

file. relationship to rank and Close blood the joined the call Church, Smith sit conference, John John in a and judgment on the did Prophet place not outside chanone case, diin deal his Eden's son, and question with as the Smith Eden, and him law nels of courts. Church His Uncle John

... rects. Smith, Joseph still Jun., tour missionary a were were and on his Smith loved and nephew Eden were by Sidney Rigdon, the of mission that the time at bapon the Prophet, to but they not were amenable F. Williams G. in of early the uncle Prophet's tism the constituted authorities duly them, above

in of In also 1832. is and to they of and last when a branch in the moved This March mention the new records May

the Church they attempted to assume their 1 832, the Journal History of the Church that I have found regarding John Smith.

former positions of authority. Letters were describes their missionary activities. It is quite possible that he did not repent

atwritten to the to compel once obedience elapsed the sufficiently a before than year his to regain More standChurch action taken the to Church by court—one the ing. to them of presidency wrote Church his so But not Smith. with son Eden his son, Smith and John to another and memas follows: to the Previous trouble the at Eugene, of the bers at Church they where Eugene

recently had moved.8 Kirtland, July 2nd, 1833 Lord had given a revelation to the

Brother John Smith: Prophet Joseph (February 16, 1832) in

thenDr. Chase quotes significant exto Eden was called do missionary to which recollect previous that You willcerpts those from two letters. later the work. 13 revealed Lord A month this tried beyour.. leaving. were place, you

It was quite natural and very easy for fore the Bishop's court, which found you as follows:

writerthe the, to error of confusmake guilty that of misdemeanor, decided and you Verily, saith thus the servunto Lord mying the in since Smiths authority retain two longer page should John on your no ant Burnett: into ye, Stephen ye go Go

... did manifest but not 1, of the Church; of you348 the Volume Documentary the world the and to preach gospel every

that to that of the humility brethren degree theHistory the of anProphet Church creature that the cometh of under sound for obstinate; required, but remained the at arrivalnounces his was Kirtland of voice. your as desire inasmuch a And you

Spirit that reason from His withdrew God I will"uncle, companion, Smith."give unto next servant John very time you The my

left darkness. in It seems you,... and you Smiths Eden find the of in the Smith namewe John

is also that confederate son, with your Eden, is latersame book twentytwo pages records that to reproved, with together The you, Elder needs and be show Eden where the Church standing of John yourself, in all humility before the Lord, or Smith remained faithful to the Church

Smith and his son, Eden, is brought into you must expect to be dealt with according even after the trouble at Eugene. In

question. letter In the to the to at the the of are Church. laws say Church you We 1843, he actively in was misengaged

16 the in private no than a more theEugene, member Prophet remarked: "You sionary work. ten that see Thus we Church. Smith, Jun., Joseph this,will brethren, see that by have you after his years standing Church had F. Williams, G. sit in toauthority council the Smiths; on 12 in called in been question, Eden was Presidents guilty, to if found dealand with them in standing good the of Jesus Church 3"accordingly."that the at knowing Not Uncle Church Eugene (John To Saints. of Christ Latterday

"Daryl Chase, Joseph the Prophet, p. 75 Journal History of the Church. December 10, 1831; Doctrine and Covenants 75:36

10Josph Smith. Documentary History of the Church. February 10. 1832 "/<*., 80:1-2

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Concluded from page 349) formation has been and is being gaththing implied in Abraham's blessing will for the accomplishment of his purposes. ered by them. If their findings are corbe ours. We are then, because of our

The descendants of Abraham did berect, which show the location on earth obedience, lawful children of Abracome a nation, at one time among the of the preponderance of Israelitish ham."

foremost on earth. But, later the Israelblood, then the restored gospel has been Latterday Saints are called a coveitish nation was obliterated; the tribes accepted most readily in the nations nant people, because, under the authorof Jacob have practically vanished. where the blood of Abraham is most ity of the priesthood, they have coveNevertheless, history seems to show dominant—among the British and North nanted with God, by baptism and other

that by a wide scattering over the earth, Europeans. ordinances, to obey the requirements of

of the plan salvation to give their and bloodAbraham's be found in every may Unfortunately, persons have many strength the to of righteousness spread thereby, thenation 9; and whenever too enthusiastic gosbecome been have and

pel is accepted, the promise of the covetempted to bend their findings to their over the world. They are further called

nant is fulfilled. desires, and to other matters than those a covenant people because they accept

the of gospel therefore Abraham, and in contained the covenant. Others, unpartial fulfilment This of prophecy claim the blessings of the Lord's covethe acquainted with gospel and ledhas earnest believers people, many its nant with Abraham. earth, course reon have a near madein Bible, the historical to data, examine in received have obtaining much We ligion search. of the awith tracing of the of view course the Christ; gospel of Jesus give must we

Israelitish blood among the nations. The With the blood of Abraham in our much, in personal obedience and in

BritishIsrael movement is foremost in veins, it should perhaps be easier for us spreading the truth among the nations, the search. An impressive mass of into accept the gospel; but if we have to be a really covenant people. J.A.W.

none, are gentile,"yet "pure acif we (See Reynolds, also, George Are We of Israel?:

Anderson, BSee James H. Present The Time and Stephen Malan, Tribes.) The Ten cept the truth of the gospel, and make or inProphecy, abbreviated an form. God's Covenant

Race. the required covenants, every good 'Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 150

JUNE, 1945 375 ouTToge cwi Ours

Manti, Utah Put in His Place

ain't backwards, saddle "Getting yuh?"Farmer: on your

subscriber being of a family the opportunity appreciate all smarty. "That's about it, Guest: you You know Farm

reading of "The DearWEEditors:to Era and The Improvement I'm going."Voice of don't even which know way

the Church."

It is with special interest that we enjoy the articles, "A MorWild Guess

Life Grant,"Story Winters of Augusta by mon Wife—The Teacher: "Freddy, can you tell the class what a sawhorse is?"love four children her daughter, Grant Judd. Just as our Mary

to hear their greatgrandfather, Peter Munk (age 100 years), Freddy: "I ain't sure, teacher, but I guess it's the past tense

relate early pioneer experiences, so they love to read the charof sea horse."

acterbuilding and 'faithpromoting incidents in the life of Powerful

Grant. Augusta

As parents, we feel there is great strength and power in a first- "Look, daddy,"said a little sixyear-old, "I pulled this cornall myself."right up by guidstalk of the lives of appreciation hand our Mormon pioneers—a strong,"said her father. but are "My, you times. in these challenging is most stimulating ance that

Sincerely, end"I ofguessit."I am, daddy. The whole world had hold of the other

Mrs. R. C. Anderson

-<*>- All Cut Philippine Islands "The doctor charged me ten dollars and told me I must drink

Dear Editors: lots of water and get out more."

December patient wait, and the November out more?"long and "Are you a After

just dollars."ten get that they here.... "No, arrived. I thought would never Eras

I lack the means of expressing just how much the Era means to me. I look forward to receiving each issue. They just don't Overhauled

fast enough. come

late car overhauled?"your because you had "So you're I rear of She: the picture myself I sit near can and read, back As

cop."speed some smart honey, by He: "Yes, spirit the of the as his devoted Lord, of partaking the tabernacle

servants take their turn giving encouragement and counsel for each of us. Thanks to the Era\ Misplaced Kindness

the sent additional the fee Sirs, to have be would what Era jovial soul. Billerton, butcher, he the was a Mr. As was is for issue awful. airmail? waiting each This by

for she customer lady of asked chops cutting an order lamb a up this in nice going, organizations meetarea have two Here we

Billerton, present led to choose your curiously: you what "Mr. at p.m. at ing 2 each 7 p.m. and each Sunday Wednesday We occupation?"to the Christ's Central of arrangements chapel use made Church

I Billerton. explained really, don't Mr. ma'am,"know, "Well, is located. centrally signs along put which have up Then we

I it animals."of fond been because always have was "Maybe giving the the direction. information roads various and The

average attendance is about thirtyfive persons, several of whom are nonmembers. Just recently, one of our group received Honest About It

a Liberation Ribbon from the Philippine government.

Sincerely yours, librarian."I want a nice book for an invalid,"the lady said to the

Sgt. Byron H. Larson "Something religious?"

-<$>- "Why, er, no, not now. You see he's a convalescent."

Dear Editors: More Alphabet

visited L. Ericksen our Chaplain evening Church G. Last into "Do you write for that magazine any more?"for of baptizing services the purpose young two men

the Church, and to attend a special meeting at which our group "No, not since the editor sent my copy back marked N. S. F."

come?""How set apart. leaders and organized group had a wonderwas We Sufficiently Funny."'were these glad and ful meeting to welcome young men "Not two

into the Church. -<S>-

Very truly yours, Grant R. Lamb, PhM/lc "Don't you find my article original?"inquired the ambitious

-<>- young"Very,"wouldberepliedauthoress.the editor, "especially the spelling."

Many Are Like Her -<>- Kitty: "You mustn't believe everything you hear."Student (being arrested): "But, officer, I'm a student!"

Catty: "I don't, but I sure like to repeat it."Officer: "Ignorance is no excuse."

High Finance -<$>- is in face red at roadside the motorist ( to Passerby who The the of organ asked a judge a week?"make do you "What

: tire) the matter? a pumping "What's popeyed and from up

grinder. puncture?"a Have dollars, honor."your "Twenty

: it I (after just ten) counting thought would Motorist "No. organ?"dollars for an Twenty "What? tire*"this air the in to idea a change good be for go and up honor, not da da shut your "No, grindinggrind—for

away."-& Mum's the Word She: "When we go anywhere now we have to take the street

Woman (to new maid): "When you wait on the table at car. Before our marriage you always called a taxi."

dinner this evening, don't spill anything."He: "Exactly! And that's the reason we have to go in the

Maid: "No, ma'am, I won't say a word."street car now."

376 THE IMPROVEMENT RA They*ll Do It Every Time!

0W AW ELEVATOR HeS POUTEMESS PERSONIFIEDEWTER A LAD*/ AND THE 'SKIMMEROFF WITH AALWAYSFLOUR!COMESSHMake All You Can QuicklyEasily-

THE customer who's always Economically with M.C.P. PECTIN!

right... the illmannered

rich jellies are in energy help and of other man on the bus line... the Homemaderelieve wartimejams andshortages rich foods, are more

guests who always come at the economical as spreads than butter or margarine, and save wrong time... all these and "points."Make yours the quick, easy, economical way

the others who create life's bad with M.C.P. PECTIN—the pectin that saves you time, work,

moments find their places jn sugar and fruit... assures finest quality jams and jellies

another of the daily features with natural fruit flavor.

enjoyed by readers of The Salt

Lake Tribune. It's Jimmy Hatlo's

trueto-life cartoons titled USE THIS RECIPE FOR "They'll Do It Every Time."FRESH BERRY J AMI

6 Cups Ground Berries Here is one of the 73 features (Any Variety) presented through the Salt Lake 8V21 CupsPackageSugarM.C.P. Pectin

Tribune... a daily crosssection Wash, stem and grind 3 quarts fully

of interests, hobbies, people ripe berries, or crush completely one and ideas found only in The layerreducedat ato timepulp.so Measurethat eachexactlyberry is6

Salt Lake Tribune. level cups crushed berries, (add water

to fill out last cup, if necessary), into a large kettle. Add M.C.P. Pectin, stir

well to stirring bring con- a boil, and stantly. the sugar {which add has *s. NOW,

been previously measured), mix well and bring to a full rolling boil. BOIL EXACTLY 4 MINUTES. Remove from

fire, let boil subside, stir and skim by sterilized turns into for 5 minutes. Pour

'/2-inch for jars, allowing sealing space m,c, ftyt H, 'Sift with fresh paraffin.

(NOTE: For Strawberry Jam, add V*

cup lemon juice to each 6 cups crushed MAKES MORE JAM OR JELLY FROM berries.) SAME AMOUNT OF FRUIT THAN

i OTHER PECTIN YOU CAN y SAVE FOODBUY WAR BONDS ftu...

iBrENFICrAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY