1 i? 'TB * m BH trpy aaSMMH M>: r SH| iI?JX pa

1 ': '!, 1; I 1!

! j.:HJMM

t, a *t *; fi|4

\ r*r*',.'h;wf*'9Br< -

iTI"fill'''JBBL i ifllli!

.*t* - SB 1 ijjiiji

/?r lmprovenw7it Era January 1962

Attention,

Returning servicemen Released

missionaries Midyear high school graduates

A new adventure awaits you. Plan to

continue your education at a great

Church university.

You can gain a full semester of college this school year

Plan NOW to register at BYU Feb. 5, 6, 1962

Much is expected of young men and women for the rest of his life. The wise student will get

today, but in all of their activity those who are the BONUS education of a GREAT church unqualified should never lose sight of the goal of versity with all of the advantages of a big a college education. The moral fiber and brainuniversity yet all the friendliness of a small

power of its people are the strength of the nation college.

today, and it is to those who are trained that BYU is one of the world's great universities. It

the future belongs. provides top training in 60 departments of 11

Helping the students to achieve these goals is colleges, staffed by an outstanding faculty the role of the university. It also will determine trained in a hundred universities and colleges,

his career, friends, outlook, and economic status and using finest facilities on a beautiful, new campus. BYU students are in demand because

CLIP AND MAIL... of this superior education. Here they receive

balanced academic, physical, and spiritual eduTO: cation in an ideal social climate.

Public Relations Department Enjoy these advantages. Plan NOW to attend

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah second semester. Be sure to call or write immediately'for admission or readmission. Please send me free or charge additional information,

about BYU. I am especially interested in m

Brigham Young... - UNIVERSITY NameT—

J |||l|piB sALnWE It iM:M il iil M'll Ml w

SiriTJirl SALT/i

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. All other good foods taste better when you

serve Purity Supreme Saltine Crackers... the

Observations on Old Age thinnest, crispest, freshest saltines you've ever tried. Get the sparkling package with the red

The biochemist Professor F. Marott Sinex in a recent discussion in Supreme diamond trademark. And, for goodScience of the chemistry of aging ness sake, whatever you serve, saltine it withincluded the following observations: Purity Supreme Saltines. J

That maximal breathing capacity, kidney function, integration of complex mental skills, and speed of voluntary responses decrease seldom more than 30 to 50 percent with age; that in certain areas of the brain

there is a decrease of 25 to 30 percent in the total numbers of viable cells with a decrease in the total brain tissue of 9 to 17 percent. The

distribution of blood to tissue by the heart decreases about 1 percent each year due in part to the increased resistance of the arterioles and capillaries.

New Light on Lightning

Recent studies of lightning at the

Institute of Atmospheric Physics,

University of Arizona, have found that light which is produced is characteristic of nitrogen and oxygen atoms with one or two electrons torn off. Potential differences of the And, for desserts and snacks,

order of a billion volts produce the whole family will enjoy the pulsed currents of 50,000 amperes and more, each pulse lasting only fudgy goodness of Supreme a few thousandths of a second. It Chocolate Fudge Sandwich

is flash to consist of for a common

Cookies... featured at your pulses. sucha dozen or more

grocer's now.

Kingsized Web

The outer frameworks of the Aranea spider webs are sometimes ten feet across. If a spider is a halfinch in length five feet, and a man SUPREME BAKERS scalethe web would be SUPREME on a man

400 yards across. DENVER AND

SALT LAKE CITY

JANUARY 1962 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums; Mutual Improvement

Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for January 1962 Volume 65, Number 1

Church Features

The Editor's Page: "Called to Teach,"President David O. McKay 14

Your Question: Differences in Bodies in the Resurrection,

President Joseph Fielding Smith 16

Priesthood Meeting of the October 1961 General Conference 34

New Plan of Coordination Explained, Elder Harold B. Lee 34

"Elimination of the Insignificant,"Elder Richard L. Evans 37 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Loyalty to the Church, President Hugh B. Brown 38 Art

Correlation—and Accomplishment, President Henry D. Moyle 40 J.V. RulonDouglasHales,Snow,19 20

"Except a Man be Born Again....", President David O. McKay 42 Dale Bryner, 32

The Church Moves On, 10; Melchizedek Priesthood, 58; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 60. EraEra ofstaffYouth

Phyllis Luch Virginia Sargent Melvel Owen Special Features DaveEra Staff,Burton,67 62

Man's PreEarthly Existence, Daniel H. Ludlow 17 PhotosRobert Perine, 14

17The Beehive House, Helen Young Spencer Williams 20 Luoma,

L. Parker, 2025 Maynard

Lillian, 2627 3031Recently Appointed YWMIA General Presidency, Marba C. Josephson 26 WalterDeseret News,

Information Service, 84Recently Released YWMIA General Presidency, Marba C. Josephson. 28 ChurchLorin Wiggins, 60

Carl W. Buehner, Recently Appointed to YMMIA Superintendency,

Henry G. Tempest 29

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 3637

Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk, the MIA Theme 43

The Book of Mormon and the Charge "... The Product of One Man of

Mediocre Ability,"Glade L. Burgon 44

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 46, 47

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1; Letters and Reports, 4; These Times: New

Pressures on the White House, G. Homer Durham, 6.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Wheat for Man; 62

Be a Green Thumb Magician, Kathryn M. Wilson 67

The Last Word 72

Stories, Poetry

"Also Bear, Younger Brother,"Eva Evans 32

Poetry..:. 19, 41, 42, 48, 71

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah the cover

Editors; Editor; L. Evans, Editor; O. L. Associate C. Josephson, Managing David Green, Richard and Managing L. Zobell, Doyle Marba Albert

Research Editorial McKayEditor; G. Patricia Kinnear, Stephan, Middleton, Grant, Florence Today's Carter Judith Pinnock, FamilyJr., John of the Casein painting Beehive A

Editor; Associate Era Editor; Editor; Era D. Youth Youth Hanks, Elaine Reynolds E.The and RalphAssociates; The Cannon, Art Directors. Marion of Maryon,B. Ed for especially the painted House

S. Harris. Nibley, B. Editors. F, Bennett, Archibald G, Franklin Sperry, Contributing Sidney Durham,of Hugh Jr., Homer Lindstrom Gaell Era by Improvement

S. T. Associate General General Bentley, Manager; Manager; Bertha F. Reeder, Director; A. Business Scott, Manager; Subscription Snarr, Verl Glen art State University of the Utah Representative. Advertising Regional Evans, JosephThayer

department.

Copyright Funds, 1961 by Mutual reserved. Subscription price $3.00 aInc.,year,andin advance;publishedforeignb\ thesubscriptions.Mutual ImprovementS3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of 35cthe singleChurchcopy,of JesusexceptChristfor specialof Latterdayissues. Saints. All rights

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Improvement The Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

days'Thirty notice cannot changes be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

NEW 1. CONTINUING THE QUEST Hugh B. Brown

Vibrantly challenging is this new collection of sermons and

L. D. S. writings by President Brown, appealing to both young and

mature. It contains the powerful, analytical radio and television addresses that President Brown delivered on the first BOOKS

principles. It deals with youth's questions and problems, with

for a adult attitudes and actions, and with many profound doctrinal subjects. President Brown's rich full life as an exemplary

NEW aparent,Generalas Authoritycounselor, qualifiesattorney,himadvisermagnificentlyof youth,inandeverynowtopicas

under consideration. 3.95

YEAR

3. THE MEANING OF

TRUTH

Alvin R. Dyer

A new and fascinating discus- 2. PIONEER THEATRE IN THE DESERT

sion of TRUTH involving three Ha Fisher Maughan

powerful sections: "The MeanFond memories of edrlyday theatricals in Utah are recalled

ing of Truth"which analyzes in this new book which centers mostly around the two the scriptural and historical most famous Salt Lake Theatres: The Social Hall and the

basis of truth; "The Kingdom

old Salt Lake Theatre. Extensive research and thorough

of Evil"that traces the power study have produced an absorbing text that is highlighted of the tempter and his influence by rare and unusual photographs. This publication is

in the lives of those who oppose specially appropriate at this time since the Pioneer Memorial the Savior; and "The Day of

Theatre now under construction on the University of Utah the Gentile"which discusses campus will be dedicated in March of 1962. 2.50

the restoration of the gospel

in our day. 2.95

mini 4. WORDS OF LIFE Co, Albert L. Zobell, Jr. DcsQUtrisaBooh44 East South Temple - Sail Lake City. Utah

wu''M"lV>(W lWV(!pjll[iil!>'.i,J 1.'',;--<

An inspiring pocketsize volume

Deseref Book Company that contains short "Sentence 44SaltEastLakeSouthCity, TempleUtah

Sermons"by Latterday AposGentlemen:Enclosed you will find ( ) money order ( ) check ( ) I

tles and First Presidency mem- (numbered)have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed for encircled

bers, compiled by the author of 3 4 book:12

"Moments with the Prophets,"Name "Storytellers'Scrapbook,"Address -

City..... Zone State

"Story Gems,"and others. Truly Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

a treasury of wisdom! 1.00

JANUARY 1962...:.

Zippy, the Zions Savings bug, says:

Now at ZS & L..

highest

rate ever

paid on

insured

savings!...

plus bonus!

... and any deposits made Letters by January 31st earn

dividends from. January 1st! and Here's what you can earn:

big plus for possible current bonus total of rate of of up to up to Reports

5 l/4% 4 1/4% + 1% =

Choose from either of these two bonus plans..

1 Systematic Savings 2. Fully Paid Savings Certificate

Savings insured up to $10,000 by federal agency

Start earning up to 5%%. Mail the coupon below:

THROUGH FOUR GENERATIONS Zions Savings & Loan Ass'n., 33 E. First South Parents, grandparents, greatgrandpar- mother's side were very good friends in

Salt Lake City, Utah ents, and greatgreat-grandparents on both England and migrated to America tosides of the family tree are here pictured gether in 1865. These were Mary Ann

Please open my Zions Savings Bonus with baby Lloyd Thomson of Magrath, Squires (maternal) and Ellen Widdison account. I enclose check/money order for Alberta, Canada. ( paternal )

to right) Mr. are (left and Mrs. Pictured of with all blessed only is Lloyd Not

Bert Mrs. Barton, Mr. and four William ancestors through back first monthly deposit of: $ his direct

in my name alone. generations, but he is sealed to all of them. Nilsson, and Mr. and Mrs. Keith Nilsson,

Lloyd's parents, grandparents; couple pictured has maternal other each words, in my name jointly with: In Lloyd's Melvin Thomson. Mr. and Mrs. in the temple. married been

Lloyd's greatgrandparents on both paternal grandparents on the right are:

and Mr. Mrs. Earl Thomson, States, and but Mr. United the born in sides were in my name in trust for:

Mrs. Passey, Mrs. and Mr. and William to a Church in answer to Alberta moved

call for settlers in that area. His second George Thomson.

picture in the ancestors All of Lloyd's side on his father's greatgrandmother Please send Zions me a prepaid Savings

Alberta, Canada. residents of Magrath, his are on and his third greatgrandmother

or Certificate I enclose passbook. check

money order in the amount of: $ NEW MISSION DISTRICT

My Name CREATED IN SWITZERLAND

Address. Under the direction of Elder Alvin R.

City Zone- -State. Dyer, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve and President of the European

Mission, a new district of the Church

Utah's first savings and loan ass'n... 78 years secure! was created in Switzerland recently.

This "master district"was organized in the same manner as a stake is organized and will replace the districts of Basel,

Zurich, and Winterthur.

Pictured are the new district presidency and council. Front row ( left to right ) Rickli, and Max Miiller.

Michael Jiiger, first counselor; Wilhelm As we were preparing for the press, SAVINGS

and. Loan Association Lauener,ond counselor.president;BackRolandrow: Datwyler,Carl Ringger,secwordStake camewas thatorganizedon Octoberunder 27ththe thedirectionSwiss

Wilhelm Zimmer, Alfred Graub, Hans of President Henry D. Moyle and Elders

33 E. First SouthSalt Lake City Ritz, Fridolin Gallati, Hans Ringger, Andre Alvin R. Dyer and Nathan Eldon Tanner,

4901 South State in Murray

I

FILMS

AND PRINTED per roll For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B & W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING KODACOLOR 8-Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

1 2-Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll

Color Reprints 20c each COLOR SLIDES 135 mm Color Slides per 20 exp,, Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll

135 mm Color Slides per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 rol'

GENEALOGY PHOTOS Assistants to the Council of the Twelve. NOVEMBER ISSUE... NEGATIVES MADE of OLD

Elder Wilhelm Friedrich Lauener was THE READERS WRITE PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS

sustained as stake president with Elders of NEGATIVE, 4c each

I certainly toRonald Robert on Benjacompliment want Datwyler you Hans and coin only - no CO.D.'s Send

as his Ringgermin counselors. Wards of are the pictures beautiful presentation and Guarantee MoneyBackWinterthur, Zurich East, Zurich West,

is S. the Preston) Land. Holy... (Lee R FirstBasel Basel and Second. Branches

are St. Gallen, Schaffhausen, and Baden. most impressive! The pictures are fascinating and done. most beautifully MohamLABUtah SAMSP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,

the T. Mehdi, Ph.D. ).. mad. R contains(

finest collection of beautiful pictures on the Holy Land that I have seen in one LWW.WJWV* |.u;.w.,.w.i.ij

magazine. The cover was superb. (Pres.

Daryl Chase, USU)... I believe this

November issue is one of the finest overall appearing issues I have ever seen. (Arden

E. Roney)... R is a most thrilling piece

of work. Jr., Chief Brunton, A. (Joseph HOME STUDY

.. I seen Scout Exec, "Never have BSA).

a finer, more reverent, more inspiring or

HONG KONG PRIESTHOOD OUTING more appropriately handled coordination of picture Morand than what word you of nine Chinese Melchizedek A group in this giving are superb the world monsPriesthood holders, wives, two two children, and two missionary priesthood presentation."(reported by C. Nelson

advisers recently conducted a priesthood White)... "In the Footsteps of Jesus"—

outing to the Temple of the Ten Thouhave no adjectives that will faithfully sand at Shatin, Buddhas Hong Kong.

is pictured the group Here outside the delineate the beauty of these pages. ( Flo

temple after having partaken of a fine Whittemore)... Thank you heartily for

Northern Chinese meal at the Shatin the most beautiful pictures of the Holy buildingBranch and hiking to the temple Land. Those pictures brought tears to my

site. missionary not pictured The is the Khoury) eyes. (Wadadphotographer.

COMMENDS ERA MISSIONARIES CALLED IN

STUTTGART, GERMANY Kenmore, Washington Editor,Dear Sixty youthful of the members Church

I... to thank would like for doing you called in as missionaries Stuttbeen asuch job wonderful Era. with the I did have

my literary teething on it and sort of grew gart, Germany. The missionaries have been

up reaching toward its high quality and divided into two groups: one to work at

always recommend it to other young peotracting, holding street meetings, etc.; the PLEASE SEND FREE HOME STUDY CATALOG

ple in the ward. Thank you for years of second to concentrate on the referral proTO:

good reading and inspiration. gram. R is the first time in the history of AddressName

Sincerely yours, this mission that such a missionary system City State

Lauram Grover has existed. to: HOME STUDY

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

JANUARY 1962 IF YOU WANT FOLDING CHAIRS THESE TIMES YESTERDAY

the New Pressure on White House BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

In his book, Roosevelt and Hoping examination of the first Hoover kins: An Intimate History, Robert E. Commission report. Yet in 1885,

Sherwood wrote: Woodrow Wilson's textbook, Con-

"I came out of my own experience gressional Government, said, "When of five years of government service foreign affairs play a prominent part in wartime with alarmed awareness in the politics and policy of a nation, of the risks that we run of disastrous its Executive must of necessity be fallibility at the very top of our its guide; must utter every initial

Constitutional structure. There is far judgment, take every first step of

too great a gap between the Presiaction, supply the information upon dent and the Congress, particularly which it is to act, suggest and in

Pick up the phone, wire or write and if he is, as every President should be, large measure control its conduct."

we'll make up for lost time by giving endowed with exceptional qualities. Wilson's comment points the conyou the fastest delivery going. NoIt is all very well to say that this gap tradictions and problems involved

body can touch us on speed (one chair might be closed by more efficient, between the Presidency as instituor 1.000). Price, either. Samsonite businesslike methods in the White tion, with its need for a cabinet, a

has a complete line I House; but the extraordinary and smoothrunning institutional staff

of handsome insolitary powers of the President resuch as Eisenhower achieved, and the stitutional furnimain, and in times of crises, they are solitary role of the lonely individual ture. So start the going to be asserted for better or bearing the constitutional responsiball rolling today. for worse."bility for leadership and decisionWe'll do the rest. The combined burdens of foreign making. Harry Truman pointed this

SamsoniteAIISteel filling the after in his statement out policy the Ameridomestic on and Folding Chair final every "After all, Presidency: crushing. are In presidency can "original"standardis the

construction to decision has be made important following for in1955, David Lawrence, stitutional seating. continued, "Yet,"here."he attack of right first heart Mr. Eisenhower's

For club, church, school, seatothergroup ing information, or September 24, wrote, "The Presi- "no one man can really fill the see your Yellow Pages

Pog II write: Shwayder Bros., Institutional Seatdency is too big for one man."Presidency. The President has too

-—11 ing Diy,, Dept. IE12, Detroit 29, Mich. Herman Finer, the British political many and too great responsibilities.

scientist, now resident in the United All a man can do is try to meet

States, said the same thing followthem."(Continued on page 8)

Samsonite ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS /a.

E NEW ERAjgoPROGRAM

For a limited time large 15x26inch full color reproductions of "Peace, Be Still"will be available to Era subscribers for the low price of $2.50 each. These have been g

beautifully reproduced on heavy art paper 1 and designed for framing to add a vital spiritual tone to home, office, or chapel. See 1

page 850 of the November issue for details or 1 call your ward Era director.

4= 0L*, S: <%//

lp Records HighFidelity 33 Vs Rpm NOW on 36

IN LIVING SOUND

Ideal for Family Night listening, Priesthood or class study, THE BOOK

OF MORMON IN LIVING SOUND, on thirtysix records. This is the

finest recording made, pressed on topquality unbreakable vinyl, with two voices alternating in the narrative. Each record begins and ends

with a threesecond pause between each chapter.

( ONLY 1 36 records in handsome 2-volume album plus booklet of ten 95 Arnold Friberg "Book of Mormon"paintings in full color.. 49

as low as $5 down $5 a month "! w muni DeserctfeiiBooh Co.

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City. Utah 4

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will Name-...

find... check, money order, I

have an account, please charge. Address

enclosed Amount $ Full City Zone State. $ amount Downpayment

$ Number of sets Residents of Utah include $1.50 safes tax,

$7.35 postage per set.

Produced and distributed by DESERET BOOK CO.

JANUARY 1962 7 In 1939, following the findings of a national commission in 1937 that "The President needs help,"a largescale management institution was devised to meet the institutional needs of the Presidency. This large

organization is the EOP, or the

Executive Office of the President.

In 1857 Congress first provided funds for a presidential clerk. McKinley had 27; Coolidge, 46; F. D.

Roosevelt, 55; Truman began with

282; and Eisenhower's staff went to

over 1,000. Mr. Truman and Mr.

Eisenhower built the EOP into a smoothrunning internal institution.

Consisting today of the White House office, the Bureau of the Budget, the

Council of Economic Advisers, the

National Security Council (and its affiliates, including the Central Intelligence Agency), the National

Aeronautics and Space Council, and * TRAVELING SEMINARS the Office of Civil and Defense

Mobilization. Mr. Kennedy has,

All ine excitement and adventure therefore, inherited a largescale inof travel enhanced by unusual opstitution. In the language of Proportunities to learn. Optional colfessor Edward S. Corwin, Mr. Eisenlege credit. (Students and adults.) hower's "temperament, training and

needs"were obviously met by the

EOP. Cabell Phillips in the New

Clip and Mail to Travel Study, Brigham Young University York Times paid Mr. Eisenhower the

compliment:

Check Programs for Which You Desire Complete Details "Mr. Eisenhower's concept is that

I. English Residence 8. British Genealogy of an efficient and allcomprehend-

2. French Residence 9. Book of Mormon Lands ing machine which embraces fea10. 3. Residence Bible Lands Quebec staff and military of the tures both

I5 4. History Austrian Residence I. Church directors. of He board the corporate

12. 5. Hawaiian SocioCulture Spanish Residence

to a high this concept brought 13. 7. Residence the Japanese 'Round World has and perfection state of operational

Peoples and Cultures of Europe relies upon it with confidence. So

job... the that so, indeed, much

14. boat) (South by "A"down."to get him never seems Russia] 15. including (By jet, "B"

Z\ 16: "C"(Students only) Over the years the accumulating

and crushing burdens of foreign, and

Na (Print or Type J "institutionalizeddomestic policy havePresidency."produced the

i Address A growing national psychology of uncertainty and insecurity today

City State. levels new pressures on the White

House. The White House, however,

symbolizes a home, people, loved J ones—as well as an institution. We

should, therefore, look at our own houses and put them in order if we pressure of the reduce to some THE CENTER OF want it the with and House, White on the CONVENIENCE reduction of "disastrous fallibility"

COOO/4&**>*., *+ MOTELNEW AMERICA at the top.

320BEAUTYBEAUTIFULMAINSALONAT FIFTHBARBERSOUTHROOMSSHOP

Many among us live above certain temptations, and Satan is already bound to that extent.

—President George Q. Cannon }{w..\*>%i>hm\ sa,t lake cit /

QuHaw hl/md llwwlm&L pool!/

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Today we painted some music It may seem unusual that these youngsters are paintBy playing and dramatizing all types of music—

ing "by ear"... turning music from the classroom symphony to jazz, Thailand dances to Broadway

radio into colorful pictures. But this is the kind of hits—the program adds a new, delightful dimension

creativeness the Standard School Broadcast inspires. to learning.

Currently, the program's theme is "Music—Passport We started this program 33 years ago, never dreamto the World."Using our listening guide, teachers ing our listening family would grow to some 2V2

relate music to geography, history, art, folklore, million children in their classrooms. Now countless

literature. adults, too, have discovered how entertaining and

This helps children gain insight into the life and informative the broadcasts are at home.

culture of the peoples of the world. It leads to better If you'd like to know why the program has such planning ahead

and quicker understanding of both the music and the wide appeal, try tuning in on Thursdays. We think * serve You

other studies. you'll enjoy it, too. better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JANUARY 1962

NETS $1800 "Your encouragement and assistance have enabled me to keep up a steady flow of stories appearing in leading magazines and newspapers all over the nation. My most recent sale was a series amounting to over The Church

$1,800.00. Writing is one of

the greatest of all professions."

Lucille Anderson, Trinity, Tex.

Moves On START: SEND FOR October 1961 FREE BOOK WRITING

Redwood Stake, the 339th in the Church, was organized from

PROFESSIONALLY thepartRedwoodof southwestDistrictOregonof the byNorthernElder CaliforniaLeGrand MissionRichardsandof the Council of the Twelve and Elder Theodore M. Burton, Assistant

REVEAL SECRETS AND WE to the of the Council Twelve. Elder David Felshaw DeVar was CUTS, GUIDE \ SHORT YOU \how EVERY sustained as stake president STEP! with YOU SHOW HOW Elders Henry John Schwenson M*K Wo SELL AND TO WRITE TO HOW Ivan and as Edward Anderson counselors. monev stake The includes new WRITE WHAT YOU \big

about 1,500 members residing in four wards, two independent branches, and one dependent branch. With the organization of

the Redwood Stake all the Northern California Mission now lies

Approved Member isS** CASH IN ON within the stake boundaries.

EXPERIENCE! OUR First Presidency The the announced of appointment Elder

hold hook and show readers—make you how toWe Carl assistant as second in W. Buehner the general superinso intriguing, they paragraphs opening can't put

your story down. You'll see how to make your chartendency of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associaacters color contrast with add and come—tion. Elder Buehner, released who was from the Presiding

tell write, to living dialogue. not only you how to Welife Bishopric at the fills recent general conference, to write about! occasuggest a vacancy master but what you Once

join techniques, easyto-understand our the you can sioned release by the the general from superintendency of Verl F.

of other students to thousands on gone who have has been called to active Scott, who duty as a major in the National for profit writing success

Guard. Major Scott is now in Ft. Hood, Texas. He is still a memTELEVISION, FICTION, NONFICTION ber of the YMMIA general board.

STORIES, ARTICLES, PLAYS... ALL

IN ONE COURSE. Stuttgart Stake was organized from parts of the South

writers. individual professional Mission receive coaching You by All German President by First of the Henry D. Moyle

for you. assignments are graded Palmer The Presidency Elder Alvin and by R. Dyer, Assistant to in the writers Institute—school the world for oldest a memberis the home.study

of Best of Schools. of the Association HomeStudy

cost! fields to learn write for all couponall, you'llbeCouncil of the Twelve. Elder Hermann Moessner was sustained Rush at one low

free sample low for free book, subscription. Free talent test. Nolesson,cost orfreeobligation.student magazineNo salesas stake president with Elders Franz Hugo Xaver Greiner and man will call! Palmer Institute of Authorship, Covina, Calif. Hans Gerhard Stohrer as his counselors. The stake has a memberSTUDENT'S SALE PAYS TUITION ship of approximately 1,700 in five wards and three branches:

article, the Palmer sold just "I've and my Stuttgart, Karlsruhe, Esslingen, Ludwigsburg, and Heilbronn wards;

this than paid just has more minute Course Pforzheim, Reutlingen, itself!"for and branches. Ulm Stuttgart is the 340th

Ala. Mobile, Burke Johnstone, Ann stake functioning in the now Church. as As late 31, December

SALE 1000TH REPORTS 1930, the Stuttgart of conference the SwissGerman Mission reported article sale! I'm hitting "Just made my 1000th

plenty of Kelvin nationalW. Coventry,magazines."Derby, New York a membership of 396 found in eight branches.

President David the announced O. McKay of appointment FREE! ALL 4 GET COUPON! RUSH L. Christiansen, Elder EIRay Assistant to the the Council of

Writing,"Big to Money 1. Book. Make Free "How as coordinator of all temples of the Church. Elder that Twelve, to success road start you on the same can

thousands of others have followed. Christiansen has been president of the Salt Lake Temple since

2. Free Lesson. You will receive, absolutely free, January 1954. He is also a former president of the Logan Temple.

it beis to easy that shows lesson how a sample Succeeding of him as president the Salt is Lake Temple Elder writer. professional a come Willard R. Smith, an ordinance at worker the Salt Lake Temple,

3. MailSubscription. 3 "Writer's Free month has a lifelong who record of Church business activity, and being sell. write tips Filled to and with bag."on how

now a retired banker.

Reveals Quiz. 4. how Palmer

career. a writer's for fitted you are well Swiss Stake was organized from parts of the Swiss Mission

NO COST! NO OBLIGATION!'by President Henry D. Moyle of the First Presidency and Elders

NO SALESMAN WILL CALL! Alvin R. Dyer and Nathan Eldon Tanner, Assistants to the Council 3K

of the Twelve. Elder Friedrich Wilhelm Lauener sustained was AUTHORSHIP INSTITUTE OF PALMER as stake president with Covina, California Dept. 0000, Elders Roland Robert 810 Dodsworth, Datwyler and Hans

lesson, free sample your free book, Please send me underBenjamin Ringger as counselors. The approximate 1,900 members test. I free subscription and free 3 month

in Winterthur, is obligation now reside cost or on my part no East, there Zurich stand Zurich First West, Basel and call. will Age salesman no or ever and St. Basel Second Gallen, wards and Schaffhausen, and Baden

NAME,. branches. This is the 341st stake now functioning in the Church.

ADDRESS - - Switzerland first became a mission field of the Church in 1850.

CITY.ZONE STATE Member Association of Home Study Schools H 1251

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA yWm-'-'i--'-'Public Demand! YOURS FRE

FOR JOINING

Elder Wilford Moyle Burton sustained as second counIN JANUARY!

selor to President Arza A.

Hinckley of the Ensign (Salt Lake FROM WITHIN THESE WALLS

City) Stake succeeding Elder John by Richard L. Evans

H. Vandenberg who has been called

world from the famous "Spoken Word"as Presiding Bishop of the Church. Drown

this popular from the Tabernacle, broadcasts

Elder Aldon J. Anderson sustained volume is a series of short essays arranged

as second counselor to President around central themes for easy reading. Excellent

Wendell J. Ashton of the East Mill speech material. Publisher's price $3.00

Creek (Salt Lake area) Stake succeeding Elder Louis N. Bagley.

BOOK FROM 1961November The appointment of Mrs. E. THESE CHOICE CLUB SELECTIONS:

Thomas (Irene Cannon) Lloyd

I $4.95 Communist $3.50 8. The Naked

Sill Cleon Skousen by to membership on the gen- 1. Leadership—Vol.by Sterling W.

eral II of the Relief Society Vol. board $3.50 Leadership—was 9. Eternal Quest

Sill by Sterling W. B. Hugh Brown byannounced.

i of Doctrines S3. Salvation—Vol 25 10. Truths Religious Defined R. Bruce McConkie by

Fielding Joseph Smith, Jr. by

11 Doctrines of Salvation—Vol S3. 50 Elder William Palmer Dean 11 The Makers R. Myth Bruce by McConkie

sustained as president of Doctrines of Salvation—Vol. Ill S3. 50 by Hugh Nibley

Franklin (Idaho) Stake with 6. Doctrineby Bruce& CovenantsR. McConkieCompen 12. YoungBook of LatterdayMormon StoriesSaints for

Elders Wallace B. Jensen and Angus dium $5.95 by Emma Marr Petersen

R. Condie as his counselors. They 7. L.D.S.by Dr.ReferenceSidney B.EncyclopediaSperry 55.00 13. YoungStory ofLatterdayOur ChurchSaintsFor

succeed President Henry H. Rawlby Melvin R. Brooks by Emma Marr Petersen

ings and his counselors, the late

Elder Karl H. Cutler and Elder

Weldon A. Nash.

Elder Clyde D. Sandgren susastained president of BYU

fine the several get books. book, To top

(Utah) Stake, Second HOW TO JOIN... President succeeding

it will nothing sent be you do...

B. West Belnap. President SandSend your check or money order for you postpaid with a statement. If youto

gren's counselors are Elders Phileon your first selection checked below. Your do not want the book, return the post-

B. Robinson, Jr., and Nephi K. book, plus your free book, "From Within card always provided for an alternate

Kezerian. Both President Sandgren These Walls"will be sent postpaid. (or none at all). Buy as few as one

and Elder Robinson were serving as Each month, you will receive reviews of book every three months to keep your counselors to President Belnap. membership active. With every four

The First Presidency anbooks you accept, you receive a fifth nounced the appointment of book of your choice free. a savings

President Marion D. Hanks of 20%.

of the First Council of the Seventy as president of the British Mission succeeding President T. Bowring

President has HanksWoodbury.

of the General Aubeen a member LDS Books Club, Inc.

thorities since October 1953. Pie P. O. BOX 400 1 188 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

serves as an assistant director of the Please enroll me as a member of the LDS Books Club, Inc. Enclosed is my check or

Bureau of Information on Temple money order1 for $2 3 4 5 6 7for my8 first9 selection10 checked11 12here. 13

Square and as editor of "The Era of I understand I will receive "From Within These Walls"absolutely free for joining

Youth"section of The Improvement thisLDS month.BOOKS CLUB, INC. 1-62

Era. He has been active in national Box 400, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

committees concerning youth. This NAME—

is the second mission for President ADDRESS

CITY STATE

JANUARY 1962 11 NOW...EVERY NATURAL VITAMIN Hanks, he having served as a young

man in the Northern States Mission.

Now with him to England will go hisAND MINERAL KNOWN OR wife and their five young children.

With the call to President Hanks,

fullin are serving of the SeventyBELIEVED TO BE IMPORTANT three members of the First Council Presimissions; others are the time

President A. Theodore Tuttle in and

America. SouthTO HUMAN NUTRITION... ALL dent Bruce R. McConkie in Australia

/"'The personnel of the new of the Young general board ImproveMutual IN ONE TABLET! Women's

ment Association was announced.

at less than 2$ per tablet (See pages 3031.)

The appointments of Elders LeGrande Lewis, William Koew,

Wilford Woodruff, and Melvin Lyman's Davis to the YMMIA general board was announced.

of the E. Petersen Elder Mark

the received of the Twelve Daily Supply Council

Silver Antelope citation—highest regional award in scouting—at the

Wonderful for ALL age groups... here's why! Unlike annual convention of Region XII,

most one-a-day tablets which contain but the normal Boy Scouts of America, held this of the vitamins daily requirements knownto-beneeded

.. Supply year in Las Vegas. or no minerals. each Lyman's Daily and few

normal tablet supply of the a generous provides daily Hamburg (German) Stake, of vitamins, knownto-beneeded PLUS requirements vitamins for which minimums have not yet been estab342nd functioning in the lished but which are strongly believed to be needed in Church, was organized from the daily diet... PLUS a generous portion of essential parts of the North German Misall natural derived sources from food minerals... Moyle D. President and sion Henry by

assures This all base. in a concentrate natural food Elders First Presidency and of the

all of not vitamins to only availability these the body and minerals but also the various traveling agents Alvin R. Dyer and Nathan Eldon

(enzymes, coenzymes, synergists, catalysts and trace Tanner, Assistants to the Council of minerals) which helps the system properly utilize the the Twelve. Elder Michael Pantsch

vitamins and minerals. Also, by making all these nutriwas sustained as stake president

ents available in a carefully balanced formula, nature with Elders Martin Torke and Carl can select whatever nutrients your body needs. Imbeck as his counselors. Wards in

Yes...you can loose Nothing like Lyman's Daily Supply anywhere near the the stake are Altona, Eppendorf,

multiple natural vitamins price! the and Compare Luebeck, Wilhelmsand Hamburg, with delicious,.. weight in Daily tablets Supply minerals. compare Lyman's are Bergedorf Branches burg. and

.. allin-one tablet the conunits. compare the USP economical, safe is the third stake Glueckstadt. This

. all others. the with the price.. then venience compare

SURE MEAL You'lllowest findprice!this to be the best product of its kind at the of Eldersthe ChurchRobertin J.Germany.Smith and Rayas sustained dietary E. Carefully balanced, powdered Beckham mond STAKE, WELFARE, ATTENTION! WARD, QUORUM,

or water, provides with milk which, mixed B. to counselors President Wayne FUNDRAISING SOCIETY DIRECTORS OR RELIEF in a nutritional essential element every University of Brigham Hales Young at are available generous Daily Supply tablets Lyman's diet. with 2 Sure slim lowcalorie Get

Meal servings daily. Then stay slim with group discounts when ordered in quantity lots. You (Utah) Stake succeeding Elders Lee

1 Sure Meal serving daily. Thus Sure Meal raise funds for your group projects, get constant re- B. Valentine and Daniel H. Ludlow.

allows you 1 or 2 regular meals a day for peat orders and make these healthpromoting vitaminthe bulk your body requires. Order today! mineral tablets available to your families and missionThe First Presidency anaries at a low, low cost. Mail coupon below for details. nounced the appointment of

Elder Frank H. Pitcher,

first counselor in the Calgary (AlDon Lyman & Associates, 1087 East 9th South, Salt Lake City 5, Utah, berta) Stake, as president of the

Please send the following quantities of Lyman's Please send the following quantities of Sure Meal: Canadian Mission, succeeding PresiDaily Supply natural vitaminmineral tablets: 20Meal Size 4.75 dent Thomas S. Monson. President

Size 40Meal..$1.95 100Tablet Bottle 9.00 Pitcher has served as stake Sunday n

Size (Case) 45.00 Bottle... 8.95 240Meal 500Tablet CaSchool superintendent of two

Check Butterscotch, We are interested in Lyman's Daily Supply desired flavor:Q Maple,Q DefattedVanilla.Chocolate, Q Bland, nadiana memberstakes,of theandbishopricas bishopofandLethas

tablets or Sure Meal as a fundraising project My name bridge First Ward.

I may be personally interested in selling My address..

Lyman's Daily Supply tablets or Sure Meal. City Zone.. State.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the new ideas in organs come from Hammond

A new Hammond Spinet Organ for your church with more features for the price than ever before!

From its stereoreverberation to its thoughtful little Hammond Spinet model has three speakers, 13 pilot light, this Hammond Spinet Organ is new. pedals (and automatic pedal legato), plus new

It is totally new, with a wealth of features to bring "theatre"or Celeste Vibrato and Selective Vibrato.

beautiful music to your church.

Not only will the new Hammond fill your church

Harmonic Drawbars for creating tones by the thouwith beauty, its graceful styling and fine, handsands. Permanent Pitch. It can never get out of rubbed finish will add a note of elegant dignity

tune. StereoReverberation for a rich, cathedralto the surroundings.

like tone. Touch Response Percussion. Makes

possible the sound of bells, marimba, harp, etc., For only $25 down, you can have this new

by a slight change of touch on the keys. All of these Hammond Spinet in your church. For a free demfeatures are exclusive with Hammond. onstration in your church, just call your Hammond

dealer, listed in the Yellow Pages under "Organs".

In addition your organist will command 2U conYou should also send the coupon for two helpful venient control tabs and 6 preset tabs. The new free booklets.

HAMMOND ORGAN

... music's most glorious voice

Hammond Organ Company U220 W. Diversey Ave.

Chicago 39, Illinois Please send free color catalog of other Hammond Organs.

Please send free booklet describing ways to raise money for a church organ.

Name Church

Address City Zone County State, I 1961, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY IEl -62

I

JANUARY 1962 13 CALLED TO TEACH"

THE EDITORS PAGE

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

To you who are working in the organizations of the Church, what does it really mean to be called to teach the restored gospel to children, youths, or to those near your own age?

Whatever your responsibility is, learn it.

The great obligation upon a teacher is to be prepared to teach. He

cannot teach others that which he himself does not know. He cannot

make his students feel what he does not feel himself.

Simply reading the lesson manual before time is not enough. In so

doing I have not yet made that lesson mine, and until it is mine, until

I feel that I have a message to give to my class members, I am not prepared to teach as the Lord has asked me to prepare when he calls upon me to give his word. It must be mine; what I want to give to the

class members is what will count when I meet them, and I can make that lesson in a manual mine by study, faith, and prayer.

The teacher who knows his facts wins the confidence and respect of his pupils. It is surprising how quickly the child detects whether the

teacher knows or does not know what he is attempting to teach. Pretense is always an enemy to a teacher's success and influence.

It is the teacher's responsibility to awaken in the child a love for truth, a desire to seek happiness in life through righteous living. A child

misdirected may be the loss to mankind of an eminent scientist, a

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA discoverer of new truths, a man whose light and vision not see clearly what his mission was as a fisher of might have hastened that future day of universal men. And Thomas and some of the others said: "We

brotherhood and peace. Most truly is a child a fragile also go with thee."(Idem.)

beginning of a mighty end. One of the greatest of One morning we find them on the shore with a

life's tragedies is to see such a possible ending great net full of fishes, with a fire and loaves, eating shattered in its early beginnings. with the Lord in their midst, who said; "Simon, son of

There are three things which must guide all Jonas, lovest thou me more than these?"(Ibid., 21:15.)

teachers: first, get into the subject; second, get that I will not enter into a discussion of what "these"

subject into you; third, try to lead your pupils to get means. I am going to take it for granted that the

the subject into them—not pouring it into them, but Lord had in mind temporal blessings, wealth, etc.

leading them to see what you see, to know what you "Simon,... lovest thou me more than these?"

know, to feel what you feel. "Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee."

Every teacher must be prepared on his lesson when "Feed my lambs."(See idem.)

he meets those members of the class; for, mind you, There is the secret of the spirit of teaching. Feed

your presentation of that lesson, your attitude toward the boy—feed the girl. Let the boy know you are

the truth in that lesson, will largely determine the interested in him. When you meet him on the street,

class members'attitude toward it and their attitude let him know that you are interested in him.

toward Church activity in general. If you turn them Of what infinite value to the Church are these

away after class with the feeling in their youthful guides and trainers of youth who carve and shape hearts 'that they have received nothing by coming, the moral atmosphere in which the people live.

you will find it difficult to get them to come back Flowers shed their beauty and fragrance for but a the following week. brief time, then fade and die and are gone forever,

There is a possible neverending influence of a word but children through instruction from noble teachers or deed. Therein lies the compensation and joy of become imbued with eternal principles of truth and

the unheralded teacher, whose name is not emradiate an influence for good, which, as their own blazoned before the public gaze; but whose instrucsouls, will live forever.

tions, like echoes, "roll from soul to soul, and go My fellow teachers, let love radiate from your hearts, forever and forever."and then you have a good element in which to sow the

About "the spirit of teaching,"I wish to say just seeds of truth, which will bear fruit in mortal life, this: One day, after the Lord had been crucified, which will eventually give immortality and eternal life,

Peter said, "I go a fishing."(John 21:3.) He knew the which is in very deed the glory of God—which,

business of fishing: he was a fisherman. But he did may God grant, may be our experience and our ability.

JANUARY 1962 15 YOUR QUESTION ANSWERED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, president of the council of the twelve

DIFFERENCES IN BODIES IN THE RESURRECTION

Question: "The Lord has revealed through the fact that men and women are to be assigned to the

Prophet Joseph Smith that there will be no marriage several kingdoms which their mortal lives entitle them outside of the celestial kingdom, and even there, only to obtain. Divine justice will be meted out to each,

among those who have been faithful to all covenants whether male or female, according to their opportuniin mortal life and have been married according to ties to hear and receive his gospel, and based on their divine law in the temple of the Lord. The question free agency to act independently of the commandwas raised in our class in regard to men and women ments and blessing of the Lord. As simple a matter

who are assigned to other kingdoms, also those who as marriage for eternity and the union of the sexes are in the celestial kingdom and who are unmarried; in eternity has been determined according to the

what will prevent them from living together outside mercy and justice of our Eternal Father. We may

of the marriage covenant? We assume it to be a fact conclude that the matter of the sexes was fully

that females, as well as males, in great numbers considered and the decree entered long before the will inherit places in these other kingdoms. Garden of Eden or the time when this earth

''Will you kindly discuss this problem for us?"was formed.

Elder Orson Pratt in a wonderful discourse on the resurrection has given this key to the situation, which

Answer: We may well believe that our Eternal must be true, for it seems clear and logical:

Father has fully considered this point and made "In all the works of God, we behold a resemblance ample provision to meet the situation. In the Docamong classes; but a variety among individuals betrine and Covenants, section 88, we are informed longing to each class. All the planets of our system

that there will be differences in the bodies of inresemble each other more or less in form; but in maghabitants of the several kingdoms to meet every need nitude and many other respects, there is a great

and restriction. variety. In every species of animals and plants,

"And they who are not sanctified through the law there are many resemblances in the general outlines, which I have given unto you, even the law of Christ, and many specific differences characterizing the inmust inherit another kingdom, even that of a terdividuals of each species. So in the resurrection:

restrial kingdom, or that of a telestial kingdom. there will be several classes of resurrected bodies;

"For he who is not able to abide the law of a celessome celestial, some terrestrial, some telestial, and tial kingdom cannot abide a celestial glory. some sons of perdition. Each of these classes will

"And he who cannot abide the law of a terrestrial differ from the others by prominent and marked diskingdom cannot abide a terrestrial glory. tinctions; yet in each, considered by itself, there will

"And he who cannot abide the law of a telestial be found many resemblances as well as distinctions.

kingdom cannot abide a telestial glory; therefore he There will be some physical peculiarity by which

is not meet for a kingdom of glory. Therefore he each individual in every class can be identified."

must abide a kingdom which is not a kingdom of (The Seer, p. 274.)

glory."(D&C 88:2224.) Our own sober judgment teaches us that the Lord

We are informed in this revelation that those who in his infinite wisdom and justice, would see to it that cannot abide any of these kingdoms will also be the privileges of increase or cohabitation between quickened, that is they will receive the resurrection, men and women in these kingdoms would be imposbut they shall go to their own place, "... to enjoy sible because of peculiar conditions pertaining to these

that which they are willing to receive, because they glories. Is not the sectarian world justified in their

were not willing to enjoy that which they might doctrine generally proclaimed, that after the resurhave received."(Ibid., 88:32.) rection there will be neither male or female sex? It

Since bodies will be raised in the resurrection to is a logical conclusion for them to reach and apparsuit the condition of each individual, the Lord will ently is in full harmony with what the Lord has assign each man and woman to the place which each revealed regarding the kingdoms into which evihas earned. We are fully justified in believing that dently the vast majority of mankind is likely to go.

provision has been made to cover every emergency However, if members of the Church are faithful and and condition peculiar to each kingdom. Our own true to the covenants and commandments of the gosjudgment should reveal to us that our Father in pel, there is no reason for them to worry about the

heaven would not overlook a matter as vital as this condition which will prevail in these several kingdoms.

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MANS PREEAKTHLY EXISTENCE

BY DANIEL H. LUDLOW

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Two words in the English language used to desigAlthough the teachings of the ancient prophets renate time relationships have always seemed a little corded in the present versions of the Bible are not misleading and selfcontradictory to me. One of these always as clear as many people would like them to

words—"prehistoric"—is used to denote something very be, yet those prophets very definitely taught a preold. Most of us would probably agree the term does earthly existence for man.

not really mean what it says when it is broken down Moreover modern prophets have added greatly to into its component parts. That is, the term does our knowledge of this earlier life. Joseph Smith, the

not refer to a period before history, but to a period prophet of the restoration of the gospel in this disbefore some arbitrary point within history, such as pensation, taught that every person who has lived before written history. or who ever will live on this earth had a preearthly

The other word which appears to be somewhat existence: first, as a "mind"or an "intelligence"; later

misleading is used in connection with the soul or the as a spirit child of God clothed with a spiritual spirit of man. That word is "preexistence."I susbody. He said:

pect that when this word is used we are really thinking "The mind or the intelligence which man possesses of a preearthly existence, not of an existence of man is coequal with God Himself.... I am dwelling on

before he actually existed, which, of course, would the immortality of the spirit of man. Is it logical to

be a contradiction of terms. say that the intelligence of spirits is immortal and

Therefore, in discussing the subject of an earlier yet that it had a beginning? The intelligence of

existence of man, I should like to use the term spirits had no beginning, neither will it have an end.

"preearthly existence"rather than the traditional That is good logic. That which has a beginning may

term of "preexistence."With this as background, have an end. There never was a time when there

let us turn directly to the problem itself: Did we or were not spirits; for they are coequal [coeternal]

did we not exist before we were born on this earth, with our Father in heaven.... Intelligence is eternal

and, if so, what was the nature of that existence? and exists upon a selfexistent principle. It is a spirit

All of the major philosophies and religions of the from age to age, and there is no creation about it."

world have attempted to find an answer to this im- (DHC VI, 311.)

portant question, but the gospel of Jesus Christ offers At about the same time he made the above statethe most complete and most satisfactory answer of all. ment, Joseph Smith also stated that all matter existed

JANUARY 1962 17 in an elementary state from eternity, and that it could "When the Most High divided to the nations their neither be created nor destroyed, although it could inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he be changed in nature or condition. (DHC III, 387.) set the bounds of the people according to the number

This truth has since been verified by the researches of the children of Israel."(Deuteronomy 32:8.) Now

of science. how could God have known the number of the chilThe mind or the intelligence of man is essentially dren of Israel before they ever appeared on the earth,

that part of your being with which you do your unless they were in existence somewhere else at that thinking. The scriptures are not too clear on the time? This idea is further substantiated in Acts 17:26

exact status of the intelligence before it became an where we read that the Lord "... hath made of one

"organized intelligence"or in other words before it blood all nations of men... and hath determined the

was clothed with a spiritual body by God. However, times before appointed, and the bounds of their habithe scriptures are definite that we all became organtations;..."Thus, apparently God knew every

ized intelligences (Abraham 3:22), and from this time person who was going to be born here upon this

forth we rightfully began to refer to God as our earth before that person was born on the earth.

Father. This was our spiritual birth, and through it Perhaps the most striking scriptures of all on the

we all became sons and daughters unto God. Thus, doctrine of a preearthly existence, however, come

we are all truly brothers and sisters, for we are spiritfrom the teachings of the Savior. For example, note

ually all sons and daughters of God. the significance of this story as it is recorded in the

Many of the earlier prophets were acquainted with New Testament:

the doctrine that we had an existence before life on "And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was this earth as spiritual sons and daughters unto God. blind from his birth. And his disciples asked him,

Paul stated: saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents,

"Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh that he was born blind?

which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: "Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor

shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the his parents: but that the works of God should be

Father of spirits, and live?"(Hebrews 12:9.) made manifest in him."(John 9:1-3. Italics added.)

Here Paul clearly indicated that we all have a FaNotice the definite implication of a preearthly ther of our spirits. In another scripture Paul said, "... existence in both the question and the answer. If

We are the offspring of God...."(See Acts 17:29.) there were no such earlier life, the easiest and most

Twice in the book of Numbers, Moses referred to obvious answer of the Savior would have been: "There

the "God of the spirits of all flesh,..."(Numbers is no existence before birth; therefore this man could

16:22; 27:16.) In Ecclesiastes 12:7 we read that "... not have sinned before he was born."However, the

the spirit shall return unto God who gave it."How Savior made no such comment. Instead, he concould a spirit return to God unless it had once been firmed the belief of his disciples in an existence before

in the presence of God? Jeremiah was even told by birth by acknowledging it was possible to commit sin

the Lord that he was chosen as a prophet in the spirit before birth, but that this was not the case in the world before he ever came here upon this earth. instance of this particular man.

Concerning this event, Jeremiah said: The Savior also indicated that we are the sons and

"Then the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, daughters of God when he couseled us: "Be ye there-

"Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and fore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven

before thou earnest forth out of the womb I sanctified is perfect."(Matthew 5:48. Italics added.)

thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations."On several occasions the Savior not only indicated

(Jeremiah 1:4-5.) that we are the sons and daughters of God but that

The prophet Job also understood the doctrine of he was the Son of God in the same sense. In Matthew

a preearthly existence. According to his record, he 6:9 he taught us to pray to "... Our Father which

was asked by the Lord: "Where wast thou when I laid art in heaven...."Notice the use of the pronoun

the foundations of the earth?... When the morning "our."Also, when the resurrected Jesus Christ apstars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted peared to Mary on the morning of his resurrection,

for joy?"(Job 38:4, 7.) Notice in this scripture that he said to her: "... go to my brethren, and say unto

the "sons of God shouted for joy"( and therefore they them, I ascend unto my Father, and your Father;..."

must have been in existence) before the earth existed (John 20:17. Italics added.) It is quite obvious here

in its present form. Also, notice the plurality of the that Jesus Christ is saying that God is our Father in

term "sons."a sense that God is also his Father. That is, God is

Another indication that we lived before we came the Father of all of us as spirit children. This is also

upon this earth is found in the book of Deuteronomy: exemplified in those scriptures which refer to Jesus

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christ as the "firstborn of every creature:"(See bones, such as we now have. Rather, these bodies

Colossians 1:15.) If Jesus Christ were the only son were composed of spiritual matter, which has been

of God in the spirit, then why the use of the adjective defined by Joseph Smith as follows: "Spirit is a sub-

"first born"? (Of course, the scriptures make it clear stance,... it is material, but... it is more pure,

that Jesus Christ has another FatherSon relationship elastic and refined matter than the body;... it exwith God the Father that the remainder of us do not isted before the body, can exist in the body; and will

have. God is the Father of the physical body of exist separate from the body, when the body will be

Jesus Christ as well as the Father of his spiritual mouldering in the dust; and will, in the resurrection,

body. Thus the scriptures correctly refer to Jesus be again united with it."(DHC IV, 575.)

Christ as the "firstborn in the spirit"but the "Only The Savior also taught us some truths concerning

Begotten in the flesh.") the nature of spiritual bodies. Notice the following

Many of the prophets of the New Testament underaccount of 'the appearance of the resurrected Jesus stood that Jesus Christ was actually our Elder Christ to his apostles the Sunday after his resurrection.

Brother in the spirit. (See John 1:1-5, 9-10, 14; John The apostles were gathered together in a room, and

6:62; John 16:28; John 17:4-5; 1 Peter 1:1820.) In when the resurrected Savior appeared to them "...

fact, Paul defined our relationship in this manner: they were terrified and affrighted, and supposed that

"The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, they had seen a spirit.

that we are the children of God: "And he said unto them, Why are ye troubled?

"And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and and why do thoughts arise in your hearts?

jointheirs with Christ;..."(Romans 8:1617. Italics "Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself:

added.) We are indeed the spiritual sons and daughhandle me, and see; for a spirit hath not flesh and

ters of God the Father, and Jesus Christ is our Elder bones, as ye see me have."(Luke 24:3739. Italics

Brother in this relationship. added. ) In this brief statement, the Savior acknowlThe spiritual bodies which we had in the pre -earthly edges two things: First, spirits do exist, and they

existence, however, were not bodies of flesh and apparently have bodies (Continued on page 50)

ON THE NAVAJO TRAIL

BY GEORGIA MOORE EBERLING

This was his land, his outstretched hunting ground: Sometimes across the prairies'copsy space,

the prairie rolled as far as he could see, I think I see them coming, file on file:

and jade grass clothed it to its faroff hound.... the vanquished remnant of a conquered race,

he roamed it like the deer and just as free. they seem to ride in silence their last mile...

For such a little time he held full sway, But all are fragments of life's cosmic plan, then passed, to leave but footprints and white bone. and each adds stature to the Soul of Man.

Thus age by age lives out its puny day and disappears in silence, and alone.

JANUARY 1962 19 Each bedroom was furnished differently in this home.

The old kitchen was furnished with The steep and narrow staircase even a baby's rocking horse. is a part of the hospitable hall.

monument to the past

Like a stately monument to the past, the Beehive House stands, restored again just as it was when Brigham Young lived there in 1854 to 1877. It is situated

one block east of the historic Temple Square on the northwest corner of the hundred year ago Theatre Hill and Brigham streets. These streets are now

prominently known as State and East South Temple streets. The beautiful old

house with its yellow strawcolored walls, shining white columns and porches, and quaint green shutters, arrests the attention and bids welcome to strangers, tourists, and local townfolk.

Seven years after the pioneers entered the barren sagebrush valley of the Great Salt Lake,

Brigham Young had the Beehive House built, with Truman O. Angell, a brotherin-law, as his

architect. It was his official home and residence. As second President of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints and first governor of the territory, he needed a house large enough to receive and confer with Church officials, state, and federal dignitaries—a place which would be suitable for the entertaining of prominent guests who visited him and his family. Above all it was

to be a home for his wife and children who were to reside there.

The Beehive House reflects the Greek revival with early Victorian influence. Furnishings for

the house were a combination of both handmade sturdy pioneer workmanship and early Victorian pieces shipped in by wagons. Brigham Young, himself a cabinetmaker and expert glazier, had made

some of the chairs and tables in his younger days. Some of the plain wooden chairs designed by

William O. Bell were made as a public works project and are unique and beautiful in their simplicity.

The cornices, draperies, curtains, and carpets were early Victorian. The carpets were fourply

JANUARY 1962 21 President Young's heaver hat and cane are carefully laid upon his bed.

Wellfilled family store containers made for gracious living in the Beehive House.

ingrain, needlepoint, and Brussels all wool. The restoration of the house to its original

Since the death of Brigham Young the Beehive House has condition and the search for furnishings has had two major construction changes. The house was sold to taken two years of painstaking research and

a son in 1888. The rear section of a story and a half was labor. It has meant letters, telephone calls,

remodeled to a threestory wing. The formal dining room downand miles of travel, expert architectural

stairs was extensively remodeled and an upstairs sitting room drawings, painstaking supervision.

and a parlor were added. The entire interior furnishings and On July 24, 1961, visitors were allowed

construction were completely changed to late Victorian elegance. to enter the original front door. Everything

The furnishings were elaborate and ornate throughout. Gasin the house either belonged to Brigham

lighted chandeliers replaced the hanging coaloil lamps; steamYoung or from old houses of the early days

heat radiators were installed. The Franklin stoves were removed. or newly constructed from authentic patHardwood floors covered the old pine floors, and many other terns. The determination of the committee

changes took place. was that everything should be authentically

In 1893 the Church purchased the Beehive House for the correct and beautiful. President McKay's inofficial residence of its Presidents. President Lorenzo Snow and struction to the committee was that the

President Joseph F. Smith were the only two Presidents besides restoration should be done to last another

Brigham Young, who lived in the Beehive House. After the hundred years.

death of President Smith the house stood vacant for a number It is now operated under the direction of years and was eventually remodeled and maintained by the of the Temple Square Mission. Young

YWMIA as a girls'home. Again great changes were made to women are called by the Temple Square

accommodate the hundreds of girls who lived there at difpresidency to act as guides.

ferent times. Underlying the material aspect and

In July 1959, two and onehalf years ago, a call came from physical task of the restoration, the comthe First Presidency of the Church to restore the Beehive House mittee has endeavored to recapture the as it was in 18541877. Under the direction of the Presiding spirit of those people who lived in the BeeBishopric, Joseph L. Wirthlin, Thorpe B. Isaacson, and Carl W. hive House long ago. From painstaking

Buehner, a committee was called to do the restoring. The

members were Don C. Young, AIA (now deceased), George The sitting room is now as it was then with its

Cannon Young, FAIA, Georgius Young Cannon, AIA and AID, old square piano, and comfortable living room furniture. Here the family came for an evening

Helen Y. S. Williams, and Gwen Y. Wilcox. of togetherness.

22 THE IMPROVEMENT EHA research, the use of written manuscripts, the findring the old doorbell. The bell had never been reings of Truman 0. Angell's original drawings, the moved, and the wire used to ring the bell was

tearing off of plaster, the finding of foundations and still there.

other evidences of the early construction to indicate From the inviting and hospitable hallway, one has where partitions, stairs, doors, and windows had been, access to all the rooms in the lower and upper parts the house took on its original form. of the house. The warmth of the red carpet, reproCoats of paint and wallpaper were peeled away, duced from a hundredyear-old pattern, creates a spirit

revealing the original colors. Before restoring the of hospitality. The staircase is steep and narrow. It

woodwork, over a hundred gallons of paint remover goes to the second floor and then gently curves into were used to prepare for the work. False ceilings a spiral to the third floor, described in the early

were torn down, revealing the original ornate medalaccounts; later the original drawings were found. At

lions on the ceilings. The 1888 paneling was taken the landing level, a small window looks down the

out of the front hallway, disclosing the hundredyear- stairs towards the front door. Children named this

old doorbell in its original place. All the original the fairy castle window, and from it they watched

walls were adobe, so that later additions when torn the guests arrive for the parties to which the childown opened up described hallways or doorways dren were not invited.

and partitions. From the entrance hall to the right is the sitting

In the process of the restoration, wide pine board room. Here in the evenings the old square piano was

floors were replaced throughout the house and laid played. On this square piano are still the music

with square nails. books, dated 1877. There are exercise books and

It has been an arduous, fascinating, timeconsuming, quaint old ballad books, and here each night the detectivelike experience for all those who have had family gathered and sang. The shelves of Brigham

anything to do with the Beehive House restoration. Young's walnut bofokcase which always stood in this

Each committee member, every carpenter, furniture room are filled with the books of that early period.

repairman, refinisher, seamstress, or helper, whether The large family Bible on a stand with its pages old or young, has caught the rewarding spirit and opened to the book of Ecclesiastes and marked with a satisfaction of knowing he was contributing to a very wide red ribbon, gives the feeling that the text has special kind of undertaking. just been read aloud. There is a tall mirror reaching

Originally, around the Beehive House, there was from the floor to the ceiling back of the original a ninefoot cobblerock stone wall. Today there is a velvet settee and chairs. An oldfashioned birdand-

little wrought iron fence. As one swings wide the bell music box plays delightful, tinkling German folk

gate and walks up a few easy steps, flanked on each music. On the marbletopped table is a spider plant

side with hundredyear-old flagstones to approach the started one hundred years ago and still growing in front door of the Beehive House, one begins to feel an old, old jardiniere. In the center of the room is

the spirit of those who lived there a hundred years ago. a table made by Brigham Young at which he ate

The original quaint white door with silver doorknob, his breakfast at ten o'clock each morning. The

the small square panes of glass framing the door seem Franklin stove and lovely hanging chandelier with to bid welcome. Inserted in the door frame is its glass shades which once held coal oil are

a small metal strip with a finger hole to push down to authentic to the period as are the chandeliers and

Originally this cobblestone wall surrounded the

Beehive House. Today part of that wall stands

to the east of the home.

Tlie stately Beehive House stands today as it did in Brigham Young's time.

stoves throughout the entire house. There

is a feeling of warmth and a glow which make the house seem to live.

In this sitting room the family sang, conversed, and then knelt in prayer to give thanks to the Lord for his goodness.

Directly across the hall from the sitting room is Brigham Young's officebedroom, a room sixteen feet square. His own

cherrywood secretary, a combination bookcase and desk, stands, as before, in the corner. The desk is open, his swivel

leather desk chair slightly turned as if he had just arisen from it and laid his gold pen across the inkwell after placing his signature on a letter to his son at

West Point. The shelves are filled with

books personally owned by Brigham

Young. On the little center table are two

original early Mormon books—one a Book

of Mormon printed in the Deseret Alphabet; the other a schoolboy's primer in that

early phonetic alphabet. them there only a few short hours before. The floor is covered

On the wall hangs an original portrait with a quaint ingrain carpet more than a hundred years old. It is

of the Prophet Joseph Smith, Brigham softened and worn with age and many steps. On one side of the

Young's beloved friend and his inspiration. mantle and Franklin stove is Brigham Young's Nauvoo Legion

The bed stands where it always stood, sword and on the other side a copper bedwarmer. The windows

and on it are President Young's beaver are wide and deepset, and the snowy white Nottingham curtains hat, his cane, and his handkerchief. It of hundredyear-old vintage. Through these opened windows

seems as if their owner had just placed wafted the sounds of a growing community, the pulse of progress

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Another quiet room where President Reminiscent of his native New England President Young

Young studied. Note the turned down placed the "Long Hall"upstairs. Here formal entertaining

books on the table, the old fireplace was done.

stove.

: ':: towel and the wide pine floors laid with square nails, carry us back in

memory to the facilities of one hundred years ago.

The buttery across the hall has cupboards filled with wedding band china monogrammed with a gold "B.Y."Crystal and glass pieces have

been collected, piece by piece, from members of the family or from auctions here and back east and from early Mormon locations. In the

silver chest drawers, the oldfashioned widehandled silver also monogrammed with "B.Y."is laid row by row. There are only a few finger

bowls, for crystal is fragile. There are the serving pieces the pioneers

brought with them from their homes that they might establish homes of culture and refinement, even in the desert.

Down the rear hall are the old kitchen and the pantry furnished with the utensils and dishes of a century ago. The cast iron stove dominates

the cozy, homey room. No temperature controls in that day and age!

wedding bandMonogrammed china The mother gauged the temperature by feel, putting her hand into the treasures. home'sare a part of the

oven saying, "It's hot enough for cake!"She had to understand the use of

damper, drafts, and poker as she baked fifty pies. She also had a great

brickedin oven which disappeared, leaving no trace of where it was. Only

five pies could be baked at a time, then placed in the pie cupboard with of those early days. its perforated tin door to cool; from this cupboard came the delicious

Down the hall we glance in aroma of hot mincemeat and fruit pies. With such a stove the mother

at the old bathroom. There is was adept in preparing meals for the family of seven and the twenty

a tin tub which had to be filled men and women who helped around the place, or a sixcourse banquet with buckets full of hot water for dignitaries or statesmen.

carried from the kitchen. After Many a time a messenger would be sent up from the Salt Lake

the bath the water drained into Theatre, up the old theatre hill, which is now called State Street, to tell a sump in the garden between the mother of the house that there would be thirty or forty coming up the Lion House and the Beeafter the production for refreshments. All would be ready when the

hive House. guests arrived.

The old washstand and comSuch a kitchen! A baby's rocking horse, a rocking chair for the

modes, a big one and a baby mother, and beside it, a basket of rags to be rolled into balls that she one, the hanging medicine might work as she rocked and waited for the pies, bread, or soup to cook.

cabinet, the homemade soap, and Always there would be a nourishing pot of soup ready for anyone who a spotless white fringed linen came to the kitchen hungry. ( Continued on page 52

JANUARY 1962 25 Florence Smith Jacobsen, granddaughter of two presidents of the Church, now occupies the position of leader of the YWMIA throughout the world. The SERVICE daughter of Florence Grant Smith, daughter of President Heber J. Grant, and Willard Richards Smith, son

of President Joseph F. Smith, Sister Jacobsen has

matured with service to the Church of Jesus Christ IN uppermost in her life.

One of her earliest concepts of Church work was her awareness of the great need for leadership. Her

first appointment in Church service at eighteen years of age was to teach, with her cousin Edna Boyle ClawTHE LORD'S son, a class of twelveyear-old boys. There was a

group of them—and what one couldn't think of another

could. Florence and Edna used to meet weekly to

plan their lessons in such a way that they could KINGDOM

FLORENCE S. JACOBSEN

I LY interest the boys that they would give attention to the lessons.

In this class was one boy whom the others tormented and who retaliated in a way that caused disturbances in the class. They finally hit on the

idea that if they gave him a position in the class heYWMIA GENERAL PRESIDENCY would come to feel important and needed—and the

other boys would have to give him respect in his position. Thus, early in life, she recognized through

her own serious application to her problem what parents and teachers have recommended: that people

need recognition and love, and that they need to respect others in positions of leadership.

As she felt responsible for this boy, one of her aims in the YWMIA work—as in all her teaching—is to

awaken a sense of responsibility of the leader to every girl in Mutual and to a new awareness of the possibilities of true leadership. Dynamic and forceful, she

will not be content until she enrolls every girl in Mutual.

Sister Jacobsen's work in the Church has included activity in every auxiliary organization: Primary in

which association she served on the ward board; the

YWMIA in which she taught the JuniorGleaners,

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA actually following Margaret Jackson when Sister sion to Great Britain.

Jackson was called to the general board of the It was inevitable that because of her rare personYWMIA. Sister Jacobsen then served on the stake ality Sister Jacobsen was usually hospitality chairMIA board as JuniorGleaner leader. She herself man in her P-TA work. She has entered other civicwas a Beehive girl and still treasures the first books activities of significance, notably the cancer and Red

given to the girls when this program distributed the Cross drives. She has been a county representative

paper seals instead of the felt seals in use nowadays. It for her political party and states that she and her

was a delight when she was made Beekeeper in Yale husband are writers of letters to their Congressmen.

Ward, and, of course, as wife of the Eastern States From her experience as a pattern maker she will

Mission president—president of Relief Society as well make an excellent YWMIA general president because

as of MIA. she knows the basic lines on which each girl must

Following graduation from the University of Utah, build, and she also knows the individual differences she had a most challenging assignment in the busithat make each girl develop in original ways.

ness world. Salt Lake Knit was an institution with

one hundred employees which had branch outlets in Margaret Romney Jackson has the background and the intermountain west. The pattern maker for the experience that make her an ideal first counselor in

i

MARGARET R.

JACKSON DOROTHY P. HOLT

company became ill. Florence, at the age of 23, was the general presidency of the YWMIA. She has

pressed into service as pattern maker for this great known hardship and success, and both will bring to institution. It was a breathtaking responsibility, but her wise leadership and understanding. She was born

she managed it so well that operators of the businesses in Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico. When the revocomplimented her on her ability. Even today Sister lution struck that country, her parents, Junius Romney

Jacobsen can cut patterns freehand on a cutting board. and Gertrude Stowell, took their family and left

During the early months of her marriage to Theothe country. Thus they were deprived of all they

dore C. Jacobsen in the Salt Lake Temple, she was owned. When they came to Salt Lake City, they

doubly busy—as wife and businesswoman. Her huscame with little or nothing except that which they

band was engaged in the contracting business followcould carry on their backs.

ing their marriage, September 23, 1935. He was Sister Jackson tells of their first Christmas in Salt

building a high school in Evanston, Wyoming, rented Lake. The Romney children knew the dire circum-

a home there, and for nine months Sister Jacobsen stances they were in, and of course realized that they lived in Evanston. could expect nothing for Christmas. As the evening

Their first home—one in which they lived for sevengrew late, their father, Junius Romney, felt that they

teen years—was on Harvard Avenue in Salt Lake City must have some little thing to buoy up their spirits

in the Bonneville Ward. on this day of days. He remembered seeing a conSister Jacobsen has held many positions in civic fectionary store with a display Christmas tree in its

organizations as well as in the Church. She has been window. It was sixteen blocks from where the

in the P-TA of Uintah, Roosevelt, and East High, as Romneys lived. Brother Romney walked the distance

her three boys, Stephen S., Alan S., and Heber S. to it through a heavy snowstorm and asked the prohave progressed through school. Stephen and Alan prietor if he would sell the little tree in the window.

are at the present time serving in the armed forces. The manager answered, "Well, it is nearly midnight

Heber is still at home. Stephen, 23, has filled a misnow and I'd have to (Continued on page 69)

JANUARY 1962 27 The retiring general presidency of the YWMIA,

Bertha S. Reeder, Emily H. Bennett, and LaRue C.

Longden, held this high office for thirteen and a half years—years of activity and progress for this great

association. The leading achievements of this presidency have included the Girls'Program which has

kept active and reactivated young women in the

YWMIA GENERAL PRESIDENCY dayChurch.School,GirlsSacramenthave beenmeeting,encouragedas wellto asattendMIA. SunAnother achievement has been the camping program. One of the goals Sister Reeder had when she

became general president, April 8, 1948, was to plan that every MIA girl should have a camping experience.

The presidency encouraged day or overnight camps in those areas where there were no girls'homes.

Stakes were encouraged to combine in contiguous areas and build a camp that could be used by each

BERTHA S. REEDER EMILY H. BENNETT

stake separately or jointly. The 19591960 record

indicates that of the 66,199 girls attending YWMIA 22,462 had a camping experience, of an average of four days each.

The sports committee was also a creation of the new presidency. There had been camp committees

prior to the formation of the sports committee, but the creation of the sports department fostered greater physical activity among the young women.

Sister Bertha Stone Reeder has had wide experience in the Church auxiliaries and has brought great stimulus to the people whom she has directed. In the

Sunday School where at an early age she became ward organist, as a Sunday School stake board member; as ward president of YWMIA; in the stake presidency of the Primary Association; on the general

board of the same organization; as wife of the mission

president William H. Reeder, Jr.; and as general

president of the YWMIA, she has been the gracious and at the same time firm leader who has directed for the cause of righteousness wherever she has labored. People have been challenged to work under

her capable leadership.

28'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sister Emily Higgs Bennett has likewise earned great admiration throughout the Church. She is married to Harold H. Bennett, and they are the parents of

eight children.

Sister Bennett has a long period of service in the

Church in addition to her work as first counselor in the YWMIA general presidency. She has served in

a ward YWMIA presidency, as Gleaner and Junior class leader, and ten and a half years on the general SECOND ASSISTANT board prior to her call to the general presidency. She

like Sister has traveled far Reeder throughand wide IN THE YMMIA out has the Church and people to the cause won of MIA. GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY As a general board member she authored, along

with the many special articles, the popular manual, BY HENRY'G. TEMPEST

You and Your Light, used by the Mia Maids.

Her clear thinking and friendly spirit have gained

LARUE C. LONGDEN CARL W. BUEHNER

friends for her throughout the Church. In the spirit of dedication that he so humbly perSister LaRue Carr Longden is a product of the sonifies, Carl W. Buehner has heeded one of his

Mutual program. Like Sister Reeder, Sister Longden favorite admonitions: "Life in the Church means a job

also served on the Sunday School stake board at an in the Church."These words have echoed from his

early age. But from that she moved into the YWMIA lips many times while counseling the Saints. On

presidency of the Nineteenth Ward. From this posiOctober 25, 1961, less than one month after his retion she was called to the stake board of Salt Lake lease as a member of the Presiding Bishopric, he was

Stake YWMIA. named by the First Presidency as second assistant

After her marriage to Elder John Longden (now general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve) she served Improvement Association of the Church. He succeeds

on the stake board of the Highland Stake as Gleaner Verl F. Scott whose military unit was recently called

leader, and then she was called to be stake president to active duty.

of Highland Stake YWMIA. While she was serving He brings to his new office a rich background of

as stake president of Highland Stake the Gleaner experience, for few men have matured so methodgirls bound their Gleaner sheaf—the first Salt Lake ically. Step by step he has grown in prominence and

City stake to achieve this honor! spiritual power. He served as mission secretary in

Sister Longden busied herself in writing and directthe Eastern States Mission, then he had the unusual ing plays in the MIA, and she was appointed to head experience of being appointed second counselor, first all the activities by Sister Reeder, when she was set counselor, and bishop of Forest Dale Ward, Granite apart as second counselor. Stake. Following his release as bishop, he was made

To these three wonderful women go the love and a member of the high council. Then came the disthanks of the thousands whom they have served in tinction of serving in all three positions in the stake

the YWMIA. Their great ( Continued on page 68 presidency of Granite {Continued on page 54)

JANUARY 1962 29 Front Row: Phyllis O. Sandberg, VaLoris Webb, RECENTLY Marba C. Josephson, Lorraine S. Wilkinson, Maxine

APPOINTED J.sen,Thomason,Dorothy MargaretP. Holt, HelenaR. Jackson,W. FlorenceLarson, HelenS. Jacob-D.

Second Row: Bette Lou P. Sims, H. Lynn Warner, YWMIA Lingwall, Mildred R. Koew, Josephine Davis.

Elaine D. Dyer, Ruth H. Funk, Margrit F. Lohner,

Myrle Low, Edith F. Shepherd, Gladys D. Wight, GENERAL BOARD

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Velma Harvey, Louise M. Olsen, Grace M. Gowans, Fourth Row: Jane Thompson, Lorraine Bowman,

Edythe C. Johnson, Lottie L. McKay, Pearl B. JohnBetty J. Killpack, Phyllis Ann Roundy, Charlotte U.

son, Marie Stuart, Madelyn H. Bedell, Shirley Lewis. McLatchy, Moana B. Bennett, Elaine A. Cannon, lone

R. Bennion, Betty Jones, Helen G. Barton, Mildred R.

Third Row: Lila Jameson, Verda Mae Christensen, Elggren, Chieko Okazaki, Hortense H. Child, Marie

Margot J. Butler, Hazel A. Snow, Frances N. Boyden, B. Heaton, Ruth J. Hadley, Betty W. Clark, Jean

Florence B. Pinnock, Kathleen Carpenter, Bud M. Woodruff.

Jacobsen, Rhea B. Allen, Virginia S. Lake, Marjorie Not pictured are Carol H. Cannon, Caroline E.

H. Eldredge, Romania Wise, Aurelia J. Nicodemus. Miner.

JANUARY 1962 31 'Iam Great Hunter"—he smiled wryly, "Your father—?"will approve? He keeps the cows not for meat—

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fastening his skis, Beorn frowned anxiously. the bright red curls was cuddling her kitten by the

Was he doing the right thing? fire; Aunt Elsa, smiling in spite of the pain in her

If not, then what? Andy Bowen wasn't coming back, moved about the cabin.

back. And Andy had ridden away on the only horse. "If I'm wrong,"prayed Beorn, "don't let them be

Besides which, Beorn could not have left Angie and hurt by it."

Aunt Elsa alone on the homestead. So—He had crossed the hill; gone through the wood;

He thought again of the Indian boy whom he had now he slid out into the open again, whistling.

met last winter. He had been skiing when the boy Inside the circle, men sat in the open doorways

came up. of the tepees, mending bowstrings and notching

"I'm Beorn Torhaag,"Beorn had greeted him. arrows. Beorn approached a man whose face was

"I am Small Bear."The Indian boy's eyes were on a mass of deep wrinkles. "Grandfather, I would

the skis. speak with a wise man."For a moment, he thought

Beorn laughed. "I am Also Bear, in the tongue of the old man was deaf. Then, a flicker in the eyes

my grandfathers."told him that the man heard, and understood English.

"Also Bear?"The visitor laughed, "It is good we "Then why do you speak to me?"The words

meet!"came slowly.

He tried the skis, laughing at his awkwardness. "My grandfather's grandfather has said, 'Where age

"Beyond the woods,"Small Bear waved his hand, is, there is wisdom, also,'"said Beorn.

"is the winter camp.""The grandfather thought himself wise?"

That winter, he came often. With spring, the InBeorn hesitated. Grandfather Torhaag... suddians went. denly, he could see him quoting that about wisdom,

Last fall, they returned to camp. That, Beorn knew. with a wry smile, and adding, "The head understands

Winter came, crept along. Beorn had never been to only what lies near the heart."

the camp, but surely, it was the same group—Small "I think,"said Beorn slowly, "sometimes, Forfor

Bear's people. Why had Small Bear not come? laughed at himself with those words."

Now this. The snow had come early and deep. The old man nodded gravely. "He had atThere was no game of any kind. Nothing to stretch tained wisdom."

supplies in cabin or in barn or in tepee. Silence.

Inside the cabin, and Beorn could see it all as "I ask advice and help,"Beorn tried again.

clearly as if he were within, fouryear-old Angie with "I hear you."(Continued on page 54)

ALso IBNK YOUNGS BPsOTHR

by Eva Evans

JANUARY 1962 33 the Priesthood Meeting of 131 st Semiannual General September 30, mi Conference (Talks appear in chronological order)

like I should to introduce yet the thoughts body. but one

I shall expressNEW PLAN OF which by reading a text the "And that particular has significance. hand, of thee: I have to me need no nor againCOORDINATION eye cannot say unto the

I quote the from the Apostle feet, words of I to the the head have noEXPLAINED Paul, speaking of the different organizaof you.... need

tions of the Church within what he "... but God hath tempered the body

Harold B. Lee called "the body of Christ,"by which together,...

he meant the Church: "That there should be no schism in

of the Council of the Twelve "For the body is not one member, but the body; but that the members should

many. have the same care one for another....

"If the foot shall say, Because I am not "Now ye are the body of Christ, and

I have a tremendous feeling of inthe hand, I am not of the body; is it members in particular.

adequacy as I respond to the assignment therefore not of the body? "And God hath set some in the

of President McKay and seek for the "And if the ear shall say, Because I church, first apostles, secondarily prophstrength of the prayers of the priesthood am not the eye, I am not of the body; ets, thirdly teachers,... then... helps

of the Church to the end that this few is it therefore not of the body?... (and) governments...."(See 1 Cor.

minutes might be informative and give "But now hath God set the members 12:1428.)

you something of the plans which are every one of them in the body, as it hath In the great, modernday revelation now to go forward on this most vital pleased him.... on Church government, the Lord consubject. "But now are they many members, cludes with this statement:

34 THE IMPROVEMENT'ERA "Behold, this is the way that mine history there is found recorded the manship of President David O. McKay,

apostles, in ancient days, built up my account of a famed debate known as the who was then the chairman of the church unto me. WebsterHayne Debate in Congress in general priesthood committee of the

"Therefore, let every man stand in which Daniel Webster made this stateChurch, and this was about forty years his own office, and labor in his own ment that seems to apply to the point ago. To me it is a significant thing that

calling; and let not the head say unto I want to make. Said Daniel Webster:. this problem of proper correlation seems

the feet it hath no need of the feet; for "Mr. President, when the mariner has to have been in President McKay's

without the feet how shall the body be been tossed about for many days in mind through all of this time and perable to stand? thick weather on an unknown sea, he haps as long as he has been one of the

"Also the body hath need of every naturally avails himself of the first General Authorities.

member, that all may be edified topause in the storm, the earliest glance In 1920, the first such study was gether, that the system may'be kept of the sun to take his latitude and ascermade, again in 1938, and after calling perfect."(D&C 84:108110.) tain how far the elements have driven attention to the continued expansion of

Obviously, as you think about those him from his true course. Let us imithe fields of activity and increasing

scriptures, they were given to impress tate this prudence and before we float overlapping of the several Church the need for the constant and continued on the waves of this debate refer to the organizations, President McKay, who by consultations and correlations of the point from which we departed, that we this time was now a member of the various subdivisions, the priesthood quomay at least be able to conjecture First Presidency, called attention to this, rums and the auxiliaries and all other where we now are."and I quote from a working copy that

units within the kingdom of God for at There are several illustrations as we he has left with us: "The necessity to

least four reasons: have studied the history of these surveys provide a course of study and of activiFirst, that each organization was to of the past, to illustrate why this is ties that shall bring the young people

have its specific function, and it was necessary. We found, for example, that of missionary age to a substantial and

not to usurp the field of the other, some years ago a responsible head of rounded knowledge of the principles of which would be like the eye saying to one of the organizations asked the questhe gospel all require that the work of the hand, "I have no need of thee."tion as to whether or not a committee of the auxiliary organizations and of our

Second, that each subdivision is of the Council of the Twelve was not to be educational institutions should be coequal importance in the work of salvalimited to the sole function of passing ordinated and as among the various tion, just as each part of the physical only on the doctrinal content of proorganizations delimited as well as unibody is essential to a complete human posed manuals rather than to have anyfied and standardized to avoid duplibeing. thing to say on matters of policy in cation and overlapping and to provide

Third, that all may be edified or selecting the subject matter for the the training which is required by the educated together; and manual. young people."

Fourth, that the system may be kept Paraphrasing the words of Webster: In March of last year, 1960, the First

perfect, or in other words, that within "We are to again see how far we have Presidency wrote to the general priestthe framework of the Lord's plan of departed from the true course, that we hood committee and called our attention organization for the salvation of his may at least conjecture where we to the need for better correlation bechildren, the Church will perform as now are."tween and among the courses of study

a perfectly organized human body, with This whole problem of correlation put out by the general priesthood comevery member functioning as it was becomes more acute as the Church mittee and other responsible heads of intended. grows and develops, if you will just stop other committees of the General AuthorThroughout the scriptures there runs to think for a moment what the rapid ities for the instruction of the priesthood

a phrase, again and again repeated to expansion and growth of the Church of the Church and an urgent need of remind us of the whole purpose of the entails. Within each year by convercorrelation of studies among the auxilLord's plan. As he told his prophet, sion or convert baptisms and natural iaries of the Church, to avoid the

his purpose was "... to bring to pass the increase, there are enough people being necessity for new courses of study every

immortality and eternal life of man,"added to the Church to make from year, having the ultimate objective of (Moses 1:39) or to be more specific and, seventeen to twenty stakes each year. building up a knowledge of the gospel,

putting it into the language of our Since I came to be a member of the a power to promulgate the same, a propresent leaders as they have counseled Council of the Twelve, twenty years and motion of the growth, faith, and us, "to plant and to make grow in every six months ago, we have grown from 138 stronger testimony of the principles of member of the Church a testimony of stakes to now 335 or 336, whatever it be, the gospel among the members of the

Christ and of the gospel and of the in just that twenty year period. Church, and expressed the view in that

divinity of the mission of Joseph Smith There is an increasing need for buildletter to the general priesthood comand the Church and to bring the people ings, but with that an impressed need mittee that if the whole church curto order their lives in accordance with for using every economy possible to have riculum were viewed from the vantage the laws and principles of the restored nothing unnecessary in those buildings, point of what might be termed the gospel and priesthood."which economies can come about by total purpose of each and all these

The repeated necessity for reexamina- proper correlation. We have increased organizations, it would bring about such

tion of the programs, the activities, and temple work, increased need for gene- a collation and limitation of subjects the prescribed courses of study has been alogical work with increased numbers and subjectmatter elaborated in the apparent over the years to make certain of temples. We have an increase in various auxiliary courses as would tend

that the original concepts relative to welfare activities. We have an increase to the building of efficiency in the

each organization were being adhered to, in tithes and offerings. And so we auxiliaries themselves in the matter of

that each in its field was functioning up might go on to determine the great excarrying out the purposes lying behind to its capacity, that one was not usurppansion of the Church. their creation and function.

ing the field of activity designed for the Within the memories of many of That study, commenced early last other, and that duplications and overthe present General Authorities, there year, has continued on for this last year lappings were reduced to a minimum. have been surveys of this kind, or reand a half, going on now two years,

I found an apt illustration which ilexaminations about twenty years apart. under the direction of the educational

lustrates the importance of this periodical One of the first comprehensive studies committee, which is a subcommittee of reexamination and reappraisal. In was undertaken under the general chairthe general priesthood committee, and

JANUAKY 1962 35 we were authorized to select and set to tary. The three General Authorities the Church level, on the stake level,

work a survey committee to go back over will be the chairmen of their reand on the ward level. The coordinat-

all the history of each Church unit and spective committees. There will be ing committees will work under the

to aid the educational committee in that a secretary and secretaries from each of direction of the coordinating council study to determine the aims and obthe coordinating committees, the Preand will work in line with policies jectives in the beginning of each organsiding Bishop, a member of the formed by that council.

ization and to review the expansions Melchizedek Priesthood committee, an The auxiliary boards will carry out and changes which have taken place and executive of the Church educational systhe program which is formulated by to study all previous recommendations tem, the president or superintendent of the coordinating committee. Now, you

on the subject of correlation. May I say as the following auxiliaries: Relief Society, must bear in mind that the coordinat-

well, that the key to what now we have Sunday School, YMMIA, YWMIA, and ing committees will be composed mainly to propose and which I will explain the Primary Association. of general board members who are alto you in a few minutes, and a guide The function of the allChurch coready writing plans and programs for

to the educational committee and the ordinating council is to formulate policy the Church. Such a program will make

research staff, was a communication which will govern the planning, the it possible better to correlate and cofrom the First Presidency in one of writing, coordination, and implementaordinate the program of the Church these studies some while back when tion of the entire Church curriculum. and will prevent overlapping, thus makthey called attention to the fact that In addition to the organization of the ing it possible to teach the gospel in

"the home was the basis of a righteous coordinating council, three coordinat- a more efficient and effective way in life and that no other instrumentality ing committees will be formed under harmony with the instructions of the can take its place nor fulfil its essenthe direction and policies of that counFirst Presidency.

tial functions and that the utmost the cil as I have said. The personnel of In the adoption of such a program, we

auxiliaries can do is to aid the home the children's coordinating committee, may possibly and hopefully look forin its problems, giving special aid and for example, will be made up of a chairward to the consolidation and simplisuccor where such is necessary, that in man, one of the twelve; there will be a fication of church curricula, church

aiding the home the auxiliaries may well committee secretary, and the bestpublications, church buildings, church the of of homelife thinkingconsider repreother important in the Church qualified people and meetings, many first, periods, the having threepeople as be of work. children, most Lord's senting aspects of the whom will

of years age birth to twelvefrom I conof the statement general boards the or the selected from that brief may With period the period; then youthchildhood thought. School. this one just The Sunday and the clude with Primary

to the early years twentwelve upfrom oftasked to will this most of be the of committee function one Perhaps early theties; adulthood, from then and coordinate Church, write, the about as provide, go and plan, questions, we

life."of to thetwenties end on to for in activities growing children is the Church curricula with and "How,

letter the as the that and key With for it is, the includoverlap, hope not can size that do groups we the which age

First the as Presidency thegiven from supervise activities, to Authorities and matestudy, of courses General present ing is it feeling of the theblueprint, now of age, growyears the with in contact to twelve for children rials to keep and the of theFirst Council Presidency and carried always will has be answer functions these ing then Church?"and My studies, after these reviewingTwelve, council. the time we that coordinating sure by "I the been, under out am copresently should bethat there more committee more need place coordinating arrive the where at we youth The the correlation between andordination that of will give of one a Lord chairman, that the revelations will be up made various of the activities programs and prophet to secretary, the and committee light knowledge twelve, a the and orauxiliary andpriesthood quorums for earth the the in Church, people has put bestqualified upon he the whom system educational theganizations and selected youth, mainly purpose."representing that theredecided, have theof Church. They acting ungeneral Bishopric, President McKay, Presiding the Recently, from established an fore, be that there should calling, his moved of inspiration der of the the and YWMIA, boards YMMIA council and coordinatingall-Church seventies, activities the of the general church to the enlarge School, and Sunday for committees: one coordinatingthree of presidents of the this of ordaining some function comsystem. by school The one for youth, the and children, onethe priests, of office high to the write, seventies provide, to plan, will be mittee

three the council and adults. Thisfor it that make would activities explanation the with curricula coordinate and and coor- correlate will andcommittees effective serviceable more and the using more them age in groups, for youth

activity instructional total and the dinate I the in of one work. in their was as guide, a age groups Priesthood Aaronic priestall auxiliaries of andprograms of I the stakes, one had Arizona and activities, of study, courses including brethren the which quorumshood it that ask, true not brethren "Was materials. and include should suggestedhave now it that said was the Prophet Joseph had will be comcommittee adult the And activities instructions andmissionary that of a heaven the order to contrary twelve, the of of a one chairman, posed

entire Church. for the position?"in that priest be should high bestqualified the secretary, and a

This council and committees will be people in the Church representing adults I merely said to him, "Had you ever composed of representatives of the Genand should be selected from the Melthought that what might have been eral Authorities, the executive heads of chizedek Priesthood committee, the gencontrary to the order of heaven in the the auxiliary boards, and representatives eral boards of Relief Society, MIA's, early 1830's might not be contrary to of various agencies and auxiliaries of Sunday School, church school system, the order of heaven in 1960?"

the Church. etc., and it will be their function to plan Sometimes we forget that today,

I will now indicate just what that and write and provide and coordinate here and now, we have a prophet to personnel will look like, as it now gets the curriculum for adults. whom the Lord is giving instruction for

into action: The allChurch coordinat- These heads of the various groups our good. We say, "We believe all

ing council will be composed of a chairaffected have been notified by the First that God has revealed, all that He does man, who will be one of the Council Presidency of their appointment to this now reveal, and we believe that He will of the twelve, and three General Aucouncil, and they are now standing yet reveal many great and important thorities, all of whom will be members ready for the call to this important things pertaining to the Kingdom of of the twelve: one representing the service. The auxiliary organizations of God."(Ninth Article of Faith.)

children, one representing youth, and the Church in their present form will Almost imperceptibly we see the hand one representing the adults, and a secrecontinue to implement the program on (Continued on page 37)

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cei"n3 un,imiled he 'ignal 1haf '">* goahead.

. *en *fh rumh,- es "II of.l. "'

THen red on s?fe, -'IVlCj

ivii-r -4 i jpp > 4r,

J,*v,4 \ IKI HELEN, SIV1ILE LIKE JOHN...

Has your school paper recently published (or have for the school paper, or as a subject for conversation?

you heard other young people talking about) a conProbably not. Such a manufactured "ideal"can be

glomerate AllAmerican Boy or AllAmerican Girl? good if it helps us establish high and wholesome and

You know, a smile like John, hair like Tom, muscles realistic objectives. But it can be bad if some wonderlike Richard—or teeth like Jane, personality like Mary, ful young person, choice child of God, gets diseyes like Helen. There may have been reference to couraged or disheartened because he or she isn't just

like the "ideal,"and maybe begins to feel inadequate or left out or hopeless or worthless. Then the project

can be destructive and unwise.

There is nothing we can do personally about the particular building blocks with which each of us starts life. There is everything we can do about recognizing

and accepting and improving and using well what we have been given!

BE YOURSELF!

So you don't have Mary's friendly personality or

John's smile—they probably wouldn't be natural or

good on you, anyway! You have a fine, pleasing

school activity, loyalty, enthusiasm, good sportsmanship, religious leadership, integrity, initiative, ability to plan and use time wisely, but many of these are often left out, unfortunately.

NO SUCH "ANIMAL"Has it occurred to you that there is no such creature as this imaginary AllAmerican Boy or Girl?

smile of your own, if you'll use it more freely and with more confidence. And personality?—why that

is simply an expression of what is distinctive and individual about you. Your personality can be developed to represent what you genuinely are, what

you sincerely want to be, what you earnestly are

The fact is that there isn't, which is the reason why trying to become. It can't be just like the personality

one has to be pasted together, of course. There is of anyone else; you wouldn't really want it to be; the

no living model we could follow to fashion a perfect result would be artificial and unnatural.

boy or girl. There are those with admirable qualities YOUR VERY BEST SELF!

or attributes or features, and there can be value and You must begin by accepting the fact that you are virtue in admiring them and learning from them. what you are, and then setting to work to be the very

What all of us must soon or late learn, though, is best you can be. You are a thinking, communicating,

that each human being is endowed with certain basic choice, eternal child of God. You are free to choose,

materials and the chance to use them and develop to dream, to plan, free to work, to learn, to grow.

them, and there can't be any trading or buying or Because you are who you are and what you are, your borrowing of those materials.

ceiling is unlimited. Your objective is to know yourHARM OR HELP? self, value yourself, improve yourself, share yourself,

Is there harm in piecing together an "ideal"boy or be yourself. Start now to reach and to achieve. There

girl as a dream or ambition, or as a journalistic effort won't be a better time. by Marion D. Hanks

HHHHHHHH ';;

et your ncient Athens:

'"... conte but for what she has the power to become."

rous societies harbor a certain extravagance of objec- '..:;-r id: the*. d iffe.rence between;:; w.haf. you. are and

not un. iur rea! possibilities and of failure to persist in

. your

by Need Maxwell

I Mil 'C >py New Year! May you get to know yourself better.. set your goals higher..-. arid

Man was born to succeed but success isn't Tomorrow's fate, though thou be wise, won in a day, or even a year... it may Thou canst not tell nor yet surmise;

take a lifetime. Pass, therefore, not today in vain,

For it will never come again.

Omar Khayyam

All things are possible to him that believeth. Live worthily of the Lord's help. Find

Mark 9:22 strength, guidance, and comfort in turn,

through praying consistently, constantly, and meaningfully.

If at first you don't succeed, try, try again! Thinking well is wise; planning well, wiser;

doing well, wisest and best of all.—Persian

Proverb in spite of inevitable dela j

That which we persist in doing beEvery day is a little life, and our whole comes easier for us to do; not that life is but a day repeated. Therefore, live

the nature of the thing itself is every day as if it would be the last.

changed, but that our power to do—Joseph Hall

is increased.

President Heber J. Grant

Wherefore, ye must press forward with a The virtue of all achievement is victory steadfastness in Christ, having a perfect over oneself.

brightness of hope, and a love of God A. J. Cronin

and of all men. Wherefore, if ye shall

press forward, feasting upon the word of

Christ and endure to the end, behold thus saith the Father: Ye shall have eternal life.

2 Nephi 31:20

'".'':. ''. '. "

in your heart taken There is no failure except when one ceases A promise to keep to try. When events beyond your control from Philippians 3:13, 14.... "This one

seem to be reshaping your life, remember thing I do, forgetting those things which it isn't but that to you happens what what are behind... I press toward the It isn't counts. it, that about where you do

..."mark. to are. Rise but are you meet what you

the tests life offers. Be unafraid. Move

forward with faith in the eternal scheme of things.

KY HIGH FIXINGS It's an old Mormon custom to celebrate a gathering of the clan with food. Whether it's a Mutual

party, a seminary social, the bunch from the block, a crowd of cousins or strictly an invitational affairplanned or impromptu—you'll want to be prepared with just the right thing for the ceiling unlimited set.

Sky high food is the answer, of course.

Stacked hot cakes come under the "sky high food"label. Make them by the dozens in dollar size,

and let each guest build his own tower by sandwiching fillings with hotcakes. Consider whipped cream

and frozen strawberries, spiced apple slices, cream cheese and nuts, blueberries, lemonbutter-cream, boysenberry syrup, chipped beef, sausage, and sour cream as possibilities.

Make a mountainous sundae by filling your largest and prettiest container with scoops of several kinds of ice cream. When the mound is high, high, high, insert peeled banana spears around the edge

and serve with bowls of toppings for a dessert buffet.

Kabobs are quick, creative, and tops with top teens. Alternate meat cubes and delicacies on a skewer

and broil in the oven or over a charcoal broiler or habachi. Mushrooms, pearl onions, pineapple cubes,

apple chunks, cherry tomatoes, green pepper pieces, celery slices, and cauliflower segments and citrus sections are suitable foods for this fun.

YOU DON'Gl

You don't have to be a giraffe to stand out in a crowd... to be

head and shoulders above the rest to win a second glance to be: memorable quality goods interesting worthwhile even superior.

Considered carefully the pattern of the pace setters, the sought after, the seemingly succeeding folk, can work wonders for those who may feel they're only on ant level, too.

It's simply making the most out of what one has to work with, ignoring the unchangeable and tackling the changeable with enthusiastic optimism and a plan.

It's a matter of developing taste and polish and personal appeal (lots of help in this department everywhere, these days). It's being

on the prowl for the unusual in conversation topics, food, and fun. It's

thinking—then venturing an opinion. It's standing up and being counted

for what is right. It's living so you can be friends with yourself.

It's daring to be different in the best kind of way.

It's daring to conform to truth.

It's thinking.

And it's praying.

But it's doing, too. Anyone who has tried the unbeatable combination of faith and works, readily admits this is the secret of being

a someone not just an anyone. by Elaine Cannon

.. '..

Brit is a law of life that from certain causes there are certain effects... that one reaps only what is sown...

that when truth is forsaken or forgotten or ignored, the consequences must be suffered.

To help you in your earnest reach for the ceilings unlimited in your life, let's play a little game of Truth or Consequences....

REPENTANCE: recognition of wrongdoing, asking forgiveness of the Lord, forsaking the wrong, telling the

bishop, making it right.

Do you really know the difference between right and wrong? >*

... Will you admit a wrong and confess it? IF NOT

Are you willing to talk with the bishop if the mistake Darkness is serious? Little happiness

How far will you go to make things right? * Retarded spiritual growth

Can you humble yourself before Heavenly Father in No mission prayer for forgiveness? No temple marriage or endowments

Do you believe in a day of judgment? V Hurt to others

Exaltation jeopardized V

fe FAITH: confidence and trust in God and his plan and purposes, expressing itself in conduct and character.

/IF YOU DON'T... Do you pray regularly, sincerely?

Do you expect an answer? No assurance, hope, comfort

Do you believe miracles happen today? Lack of direction

Do you attend Sacrament meeting? No testimony

Are you paying your tithing? Little understanding

Do you endure trouble, disappointments well? \ Fear and frustration

Whether or not we find true happiness, and largely depends upon our attitude and response to golden rule, forgiveness, integrity, industry, service they bring inevitable constructive consequences. The

mocked are also inevitable.

HONOR: the product of integrity, of wholeness, of truth, of conduct consistent with conviction, of duty

and loyalty and virtue.

Would you cheat to pass an exam? >*

Would you lie to qualify for a reward? IF YOU WOULD...

Would you accept a recommend you don't deserve? Restlessness and discontent

Would you let yourself become Selfcontempt involved in questionable dating activity? No confidence or esteem

Would you deceive your parents or others in any way? Limited activity in church, school, or Would you take credit when it isn't due? \ community

Would you follow the crowd contrary to your own No selfrespect knowledge of right? %

GOLDEN RULE: Do unto others as you would have others do unto you. Treat people the way you yourself

like best to be treated. Be generous, unselfish, interested, compassionate, and merciful.

Can you happily congratulate a competitor who beats you? IF YOU CAN'T...

Will you help someone in need even if it infringes on your time, your appearance, your comfort, your You can count on getting the same pride? kind of treatment in return

Do you treat your parents as people, with needs, and Narrow circle of acquaintances, few dreams of their own? / friends

Are you loyal to your brothers and sisters, and your i Unhappiness friends? Limited experiences, limited memories

Will you come to the defense of someone being unSacrifice blessings from the Lord fairly judged or treated? \ Selfpity

Can you make an effort to notice the shy ones, beNegative viewpoint friend the newcomer, compliment the struggling, and Lost joys be patient with the problem cases? \

whether we contribute anything of importance to life, fundamental principles. Faith, repentance, honor, the

are true principles. Understood, accepted, and applied,

consequences that follow when they are ignored or *Hfci

J- MATWSON BOfi s/? UNNe/? HAEL

9k "-:";

m

BOB BRUNNER, outstanding young Southern California composer and conductor, was named winner of the 1961 $1000 cash award offered by the Young Musicians Foundation for the best submitted composition for symphony orchestra. He conducted the awardwinning composition "Scherzo"in the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles late in the fall.

During high school years, Bob composed an original musical comedy which was presented by the entire senior class. He got started with his danceband activities and

has won credit as a pianist, too. He has actively studied both classical and popular music

since the age of four and is now seriously studying in the field of classical composition.

In addition to his achievements in the field of composition. Bob is the commanding

officer and conductor of the 562nd U S Air Force Band (California Air National Guard), assistant conductor of the Santa Monica Civic Symphonic Band, assistant conductor of the

Los Angeles Doctors'Symphony, principal bass player with the Brentwood Symphony, and has appeared in many TV and movie productions as a vocalist, conductor, instrumentalist.

Bob is a member of Westwood Ward, Los Angeles Stake where he is also their choir director and performs regularly as a member of the Mormon Choir of Southern California.

CAROLYN SMITH was born September 16, 1942 afthe Stanford Hospital in San Francisco,

California where her father was finishing his internship. The family moved soon after to

Modesto. There Carolyn grew up pretty, wellliked, and eager to serve.

Carolyn was not only elected studentbody treasurer of her high school, but served as treasurer of the California Association of Student Councils (district 13), was a delegate to the

California conference on food for youth, and is currently winning plaudits as the Teen Chairman of the statewide teen program in the March of Dimes. In this position she directs all the programs and conclaves of the youth of the state in this volunteer work. Because of her unusual

speaking ability and sparkling personality, as well as the successful programs she has conducted,

Carolyn has been invited to speak to the youth groups of many state conventions for the

March of Dimes—among them, the Utah convention where she loved meeting the many LDS

youth from throughout the state who are serving on this drive.

She has consistently been involved in teen affairs sponsored by the LDS Church, the school, and civic groups in her community. She says she can't remember a time in her life when she

didn't have some little job in the Church, and among her most recent assignments are MIA and Junior Sunday School chorister.

Plans call for her transferring to University of California this fall and buckling down to formal preparation for foreign diplomatic service.*

MICHAEL J. MATHESON, son of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur W. Matheson of Burlingame, California, and

just passing seventeen, has won city, county, state, and national recognition for his scholastic achievements.

The buildup processes to his accomplishments are closely entwined with active and early church participation. He has a sustained attendance in church meetings and activities. He made a personal

rule to accept all delegated assignments from all in authority over him.

Michael overcame early physical handicaps to maintain straight A grades through grammar school, intermediate, and high school years. He was singled out as the outstanding student in junior high,

and was the highest scholastically rated senior in his school district. On the basis of that attainment he

was chosen to represent California as a Page in the 87th Congress of the United States. He was also

winner in National Merit Scholarship Foundation examinations and was highest scholastically rated senior in District of Columbia high schools. He not only won civic and club awards, he won a State of California

Scholarship of $900 annually, and Stanford University scholarship of $500, supplemental to the state award.

He was valedictorian of his class at Congressional Capitol Page School in Washington, D. C, and

received a Silver Plaque for scholarship. But he took time during graduation festivities to address

Washington Ward.

Mike is loved by all who know him, for he is an unassuming lad and devoted to the Church. He is

trying to live worthily and prepare thoroughly for the mission he hopes to fill for the Church someday.

I'D LIK KIMOW

Q: How can one become popular and still live up

to Mormon standards? J.

A: To answer the question, consider some others:

(1) What does being "popular"mean to you?

(2) With whom would you like to be "popular"?

Are you mature enough and wise enough to be thinking of "popularity"in the right way... the

only sensible way? I hope that you are thinking of

more than getting frequent invitations to parties or dances or movies with just anyone, even the "smooth operator"or the careless crowd.

What you really want, deep in your heart, is genuine popularity. You want to be liked and accepted and admired by worthwhile people whom you

can respect and with whom you can associate wholesomely and happily. You don't want a frantic fling

with foolish people. You don't want to look back

some day with a soiled reputation and a damaged character, and with a sick heart and bad conscience, or find yourself tied to people and a way of living and looking at things that are not worthy of you.

What you do want, looking ahead a little, are fine friends and associates, a happy marriage to a worthy companion, a good home built on faith and fidelity and trust, children growing up in an atmosphere of love and warmth. You want a life full of really important things. You want selfrespect and quiet conThis lofty expression by Dqvid Keysor, eighteenscience and memories that are good to live with.

yearold Salt Laker, is a good one for your pinup board. With it goes an invitation from the Editors

of the Era of Youth to all you budding writers, poets, The only way for you to be "popular"in the right philosophers, to share your creative efforts with the sense—that is, accepted, respected, loved—by the right

youth of the Church everywhere. If you have dispeople—that is, true, honest, stable individuals—is to

covered a truth or a trick in helping you live a better, "live up to Mormon standards."There is no other way.

happier life or in solving a ticklish social or psychological problem, jot down your feelings and send them Be "popular"with your own conscience, with famalong. If the form proves poetic, all the better. If ily and choice friends and your fellow men, and with

your efforts are original with you and usable by us your Heavenly Father. Live the gospel. This kind of

in this magazine, we'll let you know. And before "popularity"leaves you with "ceilings unlimited"—

long, we hope we'll be seeing your name and your joy and satisfaction here, and eternal happiness in wisdom in print in the Era of Youth. E. C. the world beyond. M. D. H.

(Continued from page 36) toward the prime purpose for which the accomplishment of my work. Fear not

of the Lord moving to do things, and Church itself has been organized. We and observe my laws, and I will reveal

this I construe to be a consolidation of must not forget what the Lord said, that unto you from time to time, through the forces of the Lord under the direche had given a parable to teach us a the channels that I have appointed tion of the prophet, fust as in an army, great lesson, and concluded the parable everything that shall be necessary for in order to meet a superior force by saying, "I say unto you, be one; and the future development and the rolling

of the enemy in numbers, the forces of if ye are not one ye are not mine."forth of my Kingdom and for the buildour opposition to the forces of evil must {Ibid., 38:27.) ing up and the establishment of my

for Zion, are Priesthood and ye to I am in give order my consolidated thembe that, I remembered I rememWhen

Seventy's Roberts, (B. H. your God."possible defense. effectivethe most revelation that President a bered John

10.) Vol. in p. Theology, Course of defense. in are a program We leaders received the were The Taylor when

I bear also humble which set I, my of Christ To Jesus upon wasChurch of relationship the about wondering is to revealing. ".. that the Lord testimony, for this defense, in athis earth day priests, in to the high seventies and the

and for a refuge from the storm, and a very pertinent, significant statement, President McKay just as certainly here from wrath when it should be poured the Lord gave this revelation to Presiand now and this becomes an instrucinstruction has as inspired as any the mixture whole uponout without dent John Taylor: tion

as us to remember given and for is a been 115:6.) Thisearth."move, (D&C

which, as I say, has lain close to Presi- "What ye have written is my will members of the priesthood if we will just dent McKay's mind and now as the and is acceptable unto me and furtherkeep our eye on the President of this

President of the Church he is instructmore, thus saith the Lord unto the First Church and look to him today for God's ing us to move forward, that we conPresidency and unto the Twelve, unto revelations, we will see him moving to solidate to make more efficient, and the Seventies and unto all my Holy do the thing that will be for the salvamore effective the work of the priestPriesthood, let not your hearts be tion of the children of men in the most hood, the auxiliaries, and the other troubled, neither be ye concerned about effective way possible, and I bear that units in order that we may conserve the management and the organizations humble testimony in the name of the our time, our energy, and our efforts of my Church and Priesthood and the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

of these gatherings, and my love for subjects and themes, he recalls this

President McKay, which he knows of startling illustration on population from and, with you,- my loyalty and sustainsome years ago: that if all people in the

ing of him with all my heart, and of world were to line up thirtysix abreast those associated with him. and pass a point in military marching

Earnestly I have sought help in this order, they would never pass completely, "ELIMINATION someassignmentfew sideandlightswouldon thenowsubjectsuggestthat becauseworld wouldthe ratebe ofsuchthosethatarrivingthe paradein the the Church and be neverending, would the need for that reemphasizeOF THE may responsibility and kingdom of God has and contemplated has long been which

INSIGNIFICANT"considered and studied and is now about for all of them—however many there

to be. are and however many there may be

In a recent world tour, as we touched coming! If we project such figures to

Richard L. Evans in some sixteen countries, we became the present and the future and add to

of the Council of the Twelve more aware of the hundreds of milthem in geometric ratio, we can lions of mankind; we became more glimpse the complexities and the

aware also of the everwidening responresponsibilities.

President McKay and my beloved sibility of the Church and of the need I heard, in a great gathering in Tokyo, brethren: As I see you before me here for our widening influence and greater Dr. Henry Heald, president of the Ford

and contemplate some three hundred distribution of our effort. Foundation, give an account of some of

other congregations meeting elsewhere Brother Lee has mentioned the growth the worldwide projects which his orat this hour, a pride and gratitude fill of the Church. If we were to cover ganization has undertaken in its

my soul for being part of this great the world with ten million people in philanthropic distribution of many milbrotherhood of the priesthood. each mission (if my decimal point is lions of dollars among many millions

Before turning to the specific topic put in the right place) it would take of men, in trying to solve some probthat Brother Lee has so ably and about three hundred or some five times lems and alleviate some conditions, and comprehensively and understandingly more missions than we now have. (If he quoted a phrase that may be pertipresented (and my remarks will be my decimal point is in the wrong place, nent to the point at which we have

only by way of emphasis of what he we are really in trouble!) arrived. He spoke of the "elimination

has already said) I should like to exIn a book which Brother William E. of the insignificant,"and I think it is

press my missing of President Clark, Berrett has prepared for priesthood apparent to all of us that we may have who so long has been so much a part quorum study of Book of Mormon arrived at that point: the elimination of

JANUARY 1962 37 the insignificant and of the inconseand always and ever have in mind what the founders of these organizations bequentfal. To borrow a sentence recently every program does to the person, to the fore us, as they brought them into being.

read, "It is getting to where our necesman, the boy, the girl, and know that This does not necessarily mean a sities are too luxurious and our luxuries the organizations are there so that there thinning out of the overall program, too necessary."I think this phrase shall be a fulness of life for each and but it means a reappraisal, and perused by Dr. Heald, the elimination of all, and not for their own sake or to haps, if the First Presidency so sugthe inconsequential or insignificant, is perpetuate any particular program. We gests a redistribution, a redefinition,

pertinent to this problem. must have balance and feed all sides of and an abridgment in unessential areas,

In the June issue of the Era is a ourselves, as suggested by an eminent a better use of time, of effort, and sentence from a poet, which says: "I am churchman who said, "The Church can energy. It could mean, and well could,

full fed, and yet I hunger."Now, we be interested in no less than God is in- I would suppose, more emphasis on

have been full fed in many areas, and terested in. Religion has to do with the home.

yet we hunger in others, and we will, everything."I am thinking of a phrase: flexibility

it seems, have to have a wider distribuThe gospel enters into everything, and firmness. These the Church must

tion of our effort and our influence, and it would not be the purpose of this have: the flexibility to change, to meet

the elimination of unnecessary duplicanewly proposed program, as I underconditions as they come, with firmtion, of internal competition, if there is stand it, to take anything essential from ness of principles and of instruction and any, and a fuller coverage of some any area, but to add unto as to essenof gospel precepts and commandments, neglected areas. We have recognized tials and to do all things more fully never tampering with the solid foundathat there is "One Lord, one faith, one and effectively. And as to superficial or tions, but ever keeping flexible in meetbaptism,..."(Eph. 4:5.) We must unessential things, I think we must ing current conditions and being

recognize that it is one boy, one girl, have the courage to look at all programs discriminating as between what is superone person, with whom we are working in the light of present needs, as did structure and what is bedrock foundaLOYALTY muchthem. theI am samethinkingwhereverat the momentyou findof 50,000Tonightmen,weandareeveryspeakingman isto aperhapsvolunincident in the officer. then teer qualified 1912 when and Upon each

officer BritishTO THE anhighest ranking in the there is one of great responsibility youCHURCH Army, came to western Canada to proregardless of where you are working or mote the organization of what was then the size of the group you preside over.

President Hugh B. Brown known as the militia. He called all the Here, as in the army, our strength is

of the First Presidency young officers who were in training into going to depend in large measure upon a meeting. Among other things, he said the quality of our officers, and our purto us, and I can only paraphrase: pose tonight is to warn you priesthood

My dear brethren, I think that in a long "Gentlemen, a war is coming. In my holders, and through you the men and

lifetime of Church service and appearing opinion it cannot be delayed more than women of your various groups, of the before various sized groups, I have never two years. It is going to be the worst existence, strength, location, and tactics

felt more humble than I do tonight as war in history thus far, and I am here, of the enemy, and to remind you that

I stand before this vast group of men to do what I can to prepare the nation we rely on your absolute loyalty and and realize that more than as many as for what is ahead."that preparedness is indispensable.

are here are probably listening in His prediction, of course, as to the In the army too frequently we refer other places. My feeling of inadequacy time of the outbreak of the war was to fitness as only physical fitness. Tois emphasized by the fact that you have accurate, because the war started for night we are calling upon all of you

asked me to assume some duties and Britain in 1914. Subsequent to that officers of the Church to be fit and

responsibilities for which I am not pretime, and on a number of occasions, it ready, physically, mentally, morally, pared. I therefore lean heavily tonight was my duty to talk to officers in the and spiritually, for the war that lies

on your sympathy and God's goodness. army. Always, under instruction from ahead because the enemy is determined

I had made some preparation, having commanding officers, my purpose was, to destroy all that we hold dear. He is

been notified that I would be asked first to acquaint the officers, so far as I thoroughly organized; he is cunning

to speak, but I am leaving my notes on could, with the strength and position of and ruthless; he is led by men well

the chair and shall attempt extemporathe enemy; and secondly, to remind the trained in his type of warfare; and the

neously, with the help of the Lord, to men of their duty and to encourage undevil is his commanding officer. Not

emphasize what has been said, though deviating loyalty; and then to warn only must we meet a headon assault

I may not be able to add thereto. Elder them against the methods employed by from the enemy, but the more dangerLee and Elder Evans have given us the enemy by subtle infiltration and ous and subtle attack will be by infiltramuch to think about. Brother Lee intiattempted alienation. tion, when human termites undertake to

mated an analogy which I should like We said to these officers, "Your units undermine our forces. I believe, my

for a moment to enlarge upon. will not be stronger than their leaders. brethren, the time has come when every

I do not like to compare the Church You can pretty well judge the strength man who holds the priesthood should to an army, but there are some things of any military unit by the quality of figuratively stand himself up against the that are similar. At least in both orits leaders."We reminded them also wall and look himself over, ask himself

ganizations we are dealing with human that the lives of their men depended some questions and be honest with his beings, and human beings are pretty upon their efficiency and loyalty. answers. I may say here, you may as

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tion, and always being prepared to make the extending of our organization and poli, declared, 'Now God be thanked the necessary adjustment between the influence—more of our tithes, more of who hath matched us with this hour.'

two. our time, more of our offerings and With you, I thank God that we are

Our opportunities with young people our effort, as we seek to absorb those matched with this hour and, with you, are perishable. We are aware of this who come to us as well as those who pray for his guidance and acknowledge

as young men leave us, sometimes sudalready are with us. to him our thanks for the prophet who

denly, under the circumstances in Now may I close with one or two leads us, who directs this program, who which we live, and this calls for the short quotes, one from the Psalmist, has long had it close to his heart, and teaching of the whole gospel to everywhich I think is pertinent to this propray with you that it may go forward one, and perhaps earlier than we have gram as proposed: "Teach me thy way, for the simplification, the elimination

before, in a wellrounded program that Lord, and lead me in a plain path, of all duplications and competition and will reach every person on all facets and..."(Psalm 27:11.) unessentials, and the enriching of all

all sides of himself. There is no magic The other, which I borrow from a disthat is essential in every life, everywhere

formula for it except the simple teachtinguished friend, as I heard him give in the world.

ing of truth to in it the everyone far the here: an at "Face from a meeting bless I leave you, God my brethren.

procedure.orderly future determinaprogram with courageously and and of of truth witness the with you my of tion. necessarily the the change not cowardly This not words would Echo

lives, reality this of that the work, God the voiced traditions basic nerveless the or organHamlet of anynames who izations, but it would define them and thought, familiar to all, 'the time is of the divinity of his Son, our Savior, prescribe their function as to each area out of joint: Oh, cursed spite, that and of the reality of the restoration of

and as to any overlapping. This will 1 was ever born to set it right!'Cry, the gospel, and the inspired leadership

require more of everything from all of rather, with Rupert Brooke who, sailof the prophet of the present time, and us, this great growth of the Church and ing, for the hard campaign in Galli- I do it in Jesus'name. Amen.

well be honest when you are talking to much."ticipate in the work of the Lord. May

to yourself because the man you are Brethren, when we stand before the I add, there is no position in this talking to knows who you are and what Judgment Bar of God—and I am saying Church that is not bigger than the man

you are. There are at least two places tonight as the British officer said in 1912, that holds it as there is room for growth

when a man will be honest, and that is a judgment day is ahead—when we in every position or calling. Every man

when he is talking to himself and when stand there, I think we will not be should be apprised of that and realize he is in his closet talking with God. asked what position we held in the that in any position in the Church

Here at least the truth will be distilled. Church. I think the only question, if there is opportunity for any man to

Let us then examine ourselves and any questions are necessary, will be, employ all the ability with which the ask what kind of men we are. We "What did you do with the job assigned Lord has blessed him.

might make a pretty good showing in to you?"And if a counselor in an We come to you tonight to challenge

public, be fairly successful in business elders'quorum, or a counselor in the you, to warn you that there is a war or in politics; but let each man ask bishopric, or a man in any other posinow being waged, the most dangerous

himself what kind of man are you in tion anywhere in the Church can honand devastating—I am not only speakingthe home, in your business, in your estly say, "I did the best I could to fill of a war with arms—I am speaking of

private life. If you do not like what the position assigned to me,"if he can an ideological war, a spiritual war, a

you see as you look at yourself, then say that honestly, and if one of the war in which the enemy is endeavoring do something about it because God will General Authorities cannot say it honto enslave the bodies and minds and not hold any man guiltless who simply estly, I would rather be the counselor in souls of men, and for this we must be confesses his sin and doesn't abandon the elders'quorum, etc., because I think prepared.

it, or who admits his weakness and the Lord is not going to pay much Let us be loyal to the stakes and doesn't work for strength. attention to any label one may have on wards, missions and branches to which

May I pause here to remind all of his chest. I don't think the Lord is we have the honor to belong. Let us

us that it matters little what position much interested in labels. He knows as be true to ourselves and true to our

we hold, but it matters much what we we do that labels do not always tell leaders. Again a quick analogy. I

do in the position we hold. Brother the truth. saw instances where junior officers

Lee referred to Paul's reminder that My thought tonight, then, is: Brethcriticized senior officers because they

there is need for all the parts of the ren, in connection with this program stayed far behind the lines and did not body. I am thinking of the Church as that has been presented to us tonight, know what was going on in the trenches.

the body. No one of us should say or let not any of us say, "Now they are I am speaking of World War I, which

think at any time, "If I were in some giving us something more to do, more definitely dates me, but I am willing other place, I could display my superior organizations, more committees. Let's to take that. Very often the junior

ability and faith, but just where I am join some other church."officers were critical of the senior

I do not get a chance to show what I Personally, I thank God for the opofficers because they did not know there can do. If I were a bishop or stake portunity to work. I am grateful, was a rat hole in a dugout, forgetful of

president or high councilmen or one of among other things, that this, the the fact that the man back there upon the General Authorities, of course, I Church of Jesus Christ, gives opporwhom rested the total responsibility of could be something great, but down tunity to every man and woman and the entire operation had something here where I am it doesn't amount children as well, incidentally, to parother to do than to look at a rat hole.

JANUARY 1962 39 He must leave that to the man who with Christ at the head and a living when he is waiting and anxious to do happens to be in that dugout. prophet through whom he directs his something through us. Let us not forAt the head of our force, we have a work. Let us be loyal to them, true to get that the priesthood we bear is not

prophet of God, who is working diourselves, and let each of us do the in us as individuals, but the power of it rectly under Jesus the Christ, who joined job assigned to him in the place where comes through us. Let us keep ourissue with Beelzebub when the foundahe is asked to work to the best of his selves in such condition that that power

tion of this world was laid, and Beelzeability. can be transmitted. Let us go forward

bub, the devil, Lucifer, declared then I want to assure you that I know what as President McKay admonished us at that he would never rest until he it means to be asked to do a job a the beginning of this conference and enslaved the souls of men, and Christ thousand times too big for me, and yet be unafraid. May we have courage and

declared he would never rest until all I know too that God can take any one fortitude and faith and go forward with were free to "choose their lives and of us and do anything he wants to do the knowledge that though we will unwhat they'd be."through us. Let us not spend time askdoubtedly have to meet many difficult

We, then, are enlisted in an army ing the Lord to do something for us things, with God's help we need not

is the question of interviews. It is inor not he has conducted himself as

teresting because there are nearly a holder of the Aaronic Priesthood to to receive the Higher to the houseCORRELATIONand10,000everymissionariesone of them,in theI hopeworldwe todayhave bePriesthood,worthy nowto go

AND not a single exception, have been interLord to receive his endowments, ofto thego mission, to be married, whatever their their bishop, on a stake be. reason bishop should also the Authority, TheACCOMPLISHMENT viewedpresident,bya General may and

their mission president. But it is these never let that opportunity pass without

President Henry D. Moyle initial interviews that concern us most. informing himself as thoroughly as it is

of the First Presidency Do young men come to their bishops, possible for him to do of the condition, preparatory to going on a mission, for spiritually, temporally, morally, of this an interview without having been young man.

My dear brethren, I am sure that one of previously interviewed upon many occaIn all of these interviews and many the purposes for which this great corresions by their bishops? Every young others, because we are always calling

lation program is organized and one of man who comes to a stake president to young men and young women to asthe great results which will be accombe interviewed for his worthiness to sume responsibilities in the Church, plished by it, will be the elimination, receive the Melchizedek Priesthood and young men to become presidents of so far as that is possible, of sin and be ordained to the office of an elder their deacons quorum or members of transgression within the Church. should know exactly what is expected presidencies of the teachers quorum,

This week many of us read headlines of him and what he may expect by way or the bishop calls in young men to in the Deseret News which disclosed of interrogatories which he will be exassist in the work of the priests quorum, that all was not well. The article repected to answer. If this is not the we ought to be looking for opportunivealed more of the details of the case, then we have failed somewhere ties to interview, rather than to minioffenses of sex deviates among teenalong the line. I have a feeling that mize the number. In each instance we

agers than prudence might dictate, but some of our failure can be attributed to ought to say to ourselves, this interview be that as it may, the news is shocking the fact that these young men and is not being conducted to inform me and alarming. We might not have paid young women have not been interas to the worthiness of this young man

as much attention to this news as we viewed as frequently or as thoroughly to do this, that, or the other, alone, but did, were it not for the fact that from as they should be in their various wards. it is vitally important that in this interother sources transgressions within the You have received word from the view I should come away knowing this

Church are brought to our attention. brethren as they have visited your young man is fully aware of his posiWe ask ourselves constantly the quesstakes, that it is not only proper but it tion and what is expected of him.

tion, where have we failed? We have is essential that candidates for baptism There have been bishops in the

had these young people from the time at the age of eight should be interChurch who have succeeded over the of their birth until the time of their viewed. It is inconceivable that a bishop years in never missing a young man,

transgression. Or, if we lost them would present a boy's name at the age having practically a hundred percent

somewhere along the way, then we have of twelve to be ordained a deacon, withrecord of his young men in his ward to ask ourselves the question, why did out having given that boy sufficient of going into the mission field when they we lose them? his personal time and attention to know reach the appropriate age. That means

Our programs in our auxiliary organthe state of mind of the boy as well as that all bishops could approximate that, izations and in our priesthood quorums, his past record, to know what the likeliand that in place of having one out of we look upon as excellent. Good as hood is of his carrying on in righteousthree or one out of four go on a mission,

they are, when this correlation program ness to manhood. we would have at least fifty percent; we

gets into full swing, we will find a treThen when he is to be ordained a feel that ought to be the minimum, and mendous improvement. The principle teacher and a priest, there should be the other fifty percent we would like to

of improvement seems to be one of the other interviews, each one a little more have marry in the temple.

cardinal principles of the gospel. intimate, each one a little more emNow, if perchance, such a result can

There are two things that I should bracing, and then we come to this allbe accomplished by interviews, by the like to discuss in this connection: first important interview to ascertain whether bishop giving to these young people of

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fear. you for your support. I want to tell restoration of the gospel, and I want

I like one verse of the "Battle Hymn you from intimate association that we you to know that the President and all of the Republic."have at the head of the Church today of us have confidence in you, that you

one of the greatest leaders of the Diswill not let us down nor be untrue to "He has sounded forth the trumpet that pensation of the Fulness of Times. God yourselves nor become traitors to the

shall never call retreat; has honored him, and we who sit next cause. Furthermore, you may be sure

He is sifting out the hearts of men beto him day by day see the work of the that ultimately righteousness will trifore His judgmentseat: Church being outlined, organized, and umph. Truth will prevail. The Church

O, be swift, my soul, to answer Him! going forward under the inspiration of has been organized and set up. It is

Be jubilant, my feet! heaven. I testify to you that he is the the kingdom of God, and it will never

Our God is marching on."prophet of God, and that these men be thrown down.

(Julia Ward Howe.) who are associated here with us are God bless us to do our part. To this

true and loyal to him. end I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

God bless you, my brethren. I thank I leave you my testimony of the Amen.

himself, his time, knowing them intiplish, if you but organize so to do, and one of the old stakes. I think there are

mately and letting them in a sense feel with the help and the tools that this thirteen or fourteen stakes now covering an intimacy towards the bishop, then coordinating committee is now going the same territory as the one did in the certainly it becomes rather a simple to furnish us, I am sure it is going to twenties.

process, if we but devote ourselves be made clearer to us just how an orAnd do you know that we would call thereto, and if perchance we do not get ganization can function more effectively. upon one of those high priests to attend

all the boys, it certainly would be an Let me say that I had one experievery funeral, to contact the family, to improvement on the present. I just ence—if you will forgive me for tell them they came as a representative

take these two categories of activity, mentioning it, personally—but my stake of the stake presidency and the high

going on a mission and getting married was out in the country. President Faust council and brought their greetings and

in the temple. I just have a feeling who gave the opening prayer this their sympathy? They would attend

that that responsibility rests peculiarly evening is president of the Cottonwood the funeral and in most cases speak, between the bishop and his young Stake over which I once presided. And and it was not uncommon for families

people. my work was in the city. My predein the stake to tell me that they were

By that I do not mean that the entire cessor lived in the county, had plenty so happy that brother soand-so had responsibility rests upon the bishop. It come representing us, that they were

is the bishop's duty to see to it, first and sure they got as much from him as they foremost, that the home in which that OPEN SECRET would have if the stake president had young man lives is an environment in come himself.

which he can grow and develop BY ALFRED I. TOOKE But the important thing was that the

spiritually, and that brings me to the work was done, and there was not a second phase of the work, and that is They wrote to ask his secret of high priest who received that kind of our ward teaching. success. call but what felt proud that his stake

teachers and have I have him ward remember president who known would answered with a short and simple He factfelt that him. the sorry to represent pretty about call upon him would letter:

rather to visit failed is teaching. Every of true a home ward That

is of the have been "Doing, representative they a teacher mean my best on every job, I wardhavingregularly—I guess. visit the in failing to borne do bishop canregular a bishop. what Think

they suddenly find that out of that Trying to do the next a little better."if he puts all of his resources to work.

home has come a boy who has seriously You know, in the early days of the transgressed. welfare program, we had a picture of

We cannot help saying to ourselves, of time, and I doubt very much that he the bishop and his two counselors with

I wonder if I had gone to that home ever missed a funeral. He realized that their arms outstretched trying to hold

more often, if I had known a little it was an opportune time, when there is up the meetinghouse or move it, and it more about the family, about what the grief in the family, to show the interest presented an impossible situation. And

boy was thinking, I would have been of the Church in that hour of their the next film showed the entire priestbetter prepared as a ward teacher, in bereavement, so he was very diligent, hood of the ward under that meetingturn to report to the bishop the status, and I said to myself, "What in the house, and they walked along with it the condition, the spirituality, the world can I do? Here I am in court and bounced it as they went, a relaweakness, if you please, of that family, nearly every day."tively easy job.

in order that the bishop might know Well, I had a stake clerk who lived Well, now, brethren, let us go forwhich of the families in his ward would there in the center of the city of Murward in this priesthood work in the justify the greatest effort upon his part. ray; he had a business; he knew everywards and in the stakes and see if we

This is a glorious organization we body in the stake and had intimate cannot touch every one of the lives have in the Church. I know from past contact with most of them in his store, that come under our presidency and

experience that no matter how busy so I said to him, "Will you please keep touch them for good.

you may be as a bishop or as a stake track of every funeral, every death in That the Lord will help us so to do, president, that it is possible for you to the stake?"And I was rather fortunate, I pray humbly, in the name of Jesus

accomplish all that you should accombecause I had 400 high priests—it was Christ. Amen.

JANUARY 1962 41 "EXCEPT A theCouncilordainingof the ofSeventymembersas highof thepriests.First wanderingmoon and travelers,stars to is lonely,reason toweary,the

MAN BE BORN There seem to be a number of men of soul."Notice that comparison—"Dim

AGAIN...."wonderingthe priesthoodaboutin it,thebecauseChurchtheywhoknoware toas thelonely,borrowedweary,rayswanderingof moon travelers"and stars

that the Prophet said that what was (on the earth) "is reason to the soul.

President David O. McKay going on in the early days of making And as on high those rolling fires dishigh priests of seventies, was not in cover but the sky, not guide us here,

As I listened to the very able presentaaccordance with the will of God. so Reason's glimmering ray was lent,

they to doubtful assure doing? our but way, were what not you know Dotion of the scholarly to correlate plan

Before a a to ordained brighter day."was us a lead member upward man studies ofthe the auxpriesthood and

is the First of faith, realization the of a of the Seventy Council he day That iliaries I of the entire thought Church, priest. Spirit pracof of a ordained high the This God. was enjoyment What

is all this? the of endwhat purpose and

tice, is said, acthat so the earth, in to Prophet not Holy the the was sun

I visualized fact that the or 30,000 is of will the assemthe Spirit Lord. cordance to the 40,000 with and man,

asin40,000 priesthood and boys men

It for sufficient the should whatever have be 30,000, you bled who tonight—or thissemblies night constitute organan

into Spirit of that the the the Lord know number may entitled—each be—areization in the great world with one

is of is glorious those required that to today entitled work dividual memis fulfill in topurpose that mind, and of First of the Spirit. bers Seventy Council the of the light Holyor to call the that respond gave Jesus

is Priesthood. every like the to needs which have High They we That why "... aNicodemus: Except be horn man

priests'join high the not quorum, every do young woman and young managain, of cannot see the he kingdom intelligently, of his the her sent or utilize are out time Council they but byGod."wondered, he Nicodemus And

in set soul in the to order harmony Apostles to usefully, bring the the Twelve it.could not Jesus comprehend And

all spirit, be that might in missions, stakes the the and with we Church "...answered, a Except born be man of Spirit, partakers of to partakers God's authority given they be should andof Spirit, of water the he and cannot

is privilege, the nature. stake, set divine his high president of a That a apart aenter into of the kingdom God."

all the of hold workers, of fellow a a bishop ward, councilman, who which 3:3, 5.) (John

of God. priesthood requires Priesthood. the High

first In that sentence, "Except a man said, I glorious this has a nor meethas never has Lord been think The again, born see kingbe he cannot the is if best, the best, against not that that of the the Prophet Joseph, ing—one of the to the God,"answer havedom we

is a in are the There Lord. ever the will of Church. held These the men this great ofend purpose and plan—to future. been of have glorious to minds take care 300 sent out Our and now girls realize our ourhave boys that and

of the to opportunities visualize the led the given are stakes, they and some odd is lifethere in higher a purpose than to true to the priesthood, First be and of as the authority Counmembers to theyielding pleasures temptaand it, to to that loyal priesthood, be cil we to of to attend anything the Seventytions flesh. of the

little give to in way, our set might the in to order in order own necessary

In our conference today we had a affairs of the stake and the ward, and the world the spiritual message of thegreat sermon—two sermons in fact—on that is in accordance with the will of gospel of Christ. People are denying

the Holy Ghost and what it means. the Lord. his divinity. Nations are now taught

Associate with those words of Jesus to The members of the First Council of young boys and babes of forty years ago

Nicodemus the words of Peter after he the Seventy are now given the authority are now men forty years of age, who, had been ordained and was guiding of high priests to set in order all things during those forty years have been life. of his to a associates highermen

"... that one occasion: onHe wrote we underpertainingthe todirectionthe stake ofandthethe Twelvewards, taughtChrist wasthat notGodan doeseternalnotbeing.exist; Poorthat

might be partakers of the divine naApostles. deluded men and women!

Peterture."1:4.) realized (2 what He of mine, the responsibility to There and mind Your come now my

it in to the spiritwith touch be means of writer, priesthood of the holds the following words everyone John who riseual, to the the above temporal, letting I of are responsibility applicable is the Dryden, think men which God, sensual, Spirit of partake the divine and spirit is light to the to spiritual what the that of getting part see which work, our of God. is earth, "not old vital rising to the Ghost, sun the the the above Holy and

Fellow men of the priesthood, that is temporal, selfish, envious things which as borrowed beams of moon and stars,"the purpose of making us more capable are contrary to the calling of any high but as the sunlight of the Spirit.

of responding to the Spirit and subduing priest, seventy, elder, priest, teacher, or God help us to discharge our responsithe sensual. deacon in the Church: bilities acceptably before him, I pray

I am glad that Elder Lee referred to "Dim as the borrowed beams of in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

MY TESTIMONY

BY WINONA FRANDSEN THOMAS

My testimony grows in me. I seek the muse for tutelage

Its anthemed notes suffuse To make my meanings clear.

My soul and form a symphony. But words lie silent on the page

But I have only words to use. With music only God can hear.

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THOUGHTS FOR YOUR INSPIRATIONAL TALK

m

8: MIA Theme

196162

to submit, Taught the things which the will go and I do... that to command. lesson than A harder the that for I know commanded, hathLord Thomson,—James the unto commandments giveth noLord Pt. iii, 1. 156 Liberty prepare shall a way he save of men,children

for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them. Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I

3:7 Nephi -1 command you. for 19611962) theme (MIA -John 15:14

There is great force hidden in a sweet 1&... choose you this day whom ye will serve;

command.... but as for me and my house, we will

—George Herbert serve the Lord.

Outlandish Proverbs, 1640 -Joshua 24:15

-. -mmm - mmwmwmwijL

in becomes doing persist which we That... to rules not are commandments The of the nature the not that do; for us to easier are God. favor to They personal as a obey

the fundamental principles without which thing itself is changed, but that our power of to do is increased. live together. They make cannot mankind Grant, -President Heber J. strong, faithfully: them keep those who 355 p. Gospel Standards, and dedicated confident, men wholesome,

women. This is because the commandments

come from the same Divine Hand that fashioned our human nature.... to obey is better than sacrifice, and to

-Cecil B. DeMille hearken than the fat of rams.

BYU Commencement Address -1 Samuel 15:22

June 1, 1957

Through obedience learn to command. If ye love me, keep my commandments

—Plato, Leges. Sec. 762 -John 14:15

... commandments. The worthiest and best science that may be, We cannot break the

to wit, the knowledge how to obey.... We can only break ourselves against them—

—Montaigne, Essays, Bk. i, ch. 14 or else, by keeping them, rise through them

to the fulness of freedom under God. God

means us to be free. With divine daring, he

Obedience alone gives the right to comgave us the power of choice.

mand. -Cecil B. DeMille

—Ralph Waldo Emerson, Lectures and BYU Commencement Address

Sketches, Perpetual Forces June 1, 1957

I I I CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

BY GLADE L. BURGON, INSTRUCTOR. PLEASANT GROVE SEMINARY

TheBookofMormon

* t > AND THE CHARGE "THE PRODUCT

OF ONE MAN OF MEDIOCRE ABILITY"

Part I

In the year 1901, at a meeting of the Ministerial writing. 3 Many other criticisms have been profAssociation in Salt Lake City, a speaker charged fered, but little evidence has been used to -back

that the Book of Mormon was definitely the up the claims.

product of one man. He said it contained the What of this subject of writing style? Does it

sameness of style and expression from cover to offer a means of identifying an individual's writing?

cover, while in the Bible each writer had some Can a certain writing style be dissected and labeled?

distinctive characteristics which would be identiRemy de Gourmont, the great French critic who fied by persons familiar with Bible literature. influenced such writers as T. S. Eliot 4 and others,

Presenting his only evidence, he said, has claimed:

"... there is much monotony and sameness of "... style is as personal as the colour of the

the style and expression of the writers that there eyes or the sound of the voice. One can learn to

can be no other conclusion than that the Book of write; one cannot learn to have a style. A writer

Mormon was written by one writer—and that he can dye his style, as he does his hair, but he must

was of rather mediocre ability. Such expressions begin over again every morning, and have no disas 1 Nephi,'and 'And it came to pass,'occurred tractions. It is so little possible to acquire a style,

hundreds of times in the Book of Mormon, although that one is often lost in the course of a lifetime...."5

the first and the last writers were separated by Style is not "as is sometimes supposed, an artimany centuries of time.... Considering these and ficial trick,"according to Painter. "It derives its

other points, it is impossible to accept the Book of leading characteristics from the intellect, culture,

Mormon as anything other than the product of and character of the writer,"6 and "Literary art is one man of mediocre ability."1 shown in the choice of words and in their arrangeCharge after charge has been leveled at the ment in sentences and paragraphs."7

Book of Mormon, warning its readers that it is the I. A. Richards, 8 Rudolph Flesch, 9 Norman

fanciful product of an unlearned farmboy. The Foerster, 10 the Modern Language Association ComRev. M. T. Lamb claimed the book lacked the mittee on Research Activities, 11 and others have

trace of God's hand and was nothing but a modern claimed that it is possible to determine and under fabrication. 2 Alexander Campbell wrote that the certain conditions to identify style by word counts

Book of Mormon was the product of Joseph Smith and the enumeration of phrases, idioms, gramonly, as it bore only the style of Joseph Smith's matical constructions, methods of emphasis, and

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rhetorical figures. This method is called "practical criticism"12 or "technical description."13

Historiographers have used this method to determine identity of an author; however, attempts

at identification are extremely dangerous, especially where subject matter is not similar and the quantity of material is small; for example, some Bible scholars claim to identify style

in merely a few verses of material; this is quite impossible. The investigation of the Book of

Mormon described here does not attempt to identify authorship but to determine whether there are differences in style in different parts of the Book of Mormon.

Styles vary with different writers in original documents; but what about the Book of Mormon which is claimed to be a translation by one man? Would the style differences of the

various writers show through or would the translation be the style of Joseph Smith? A translator must put his translation into the language of his reader or (Continued on page 46)

SUBORDINATE CLAUSE 10% 8V2% 6% 10V2%

INFINITIVE PHRASES

HISTORY 8 6 8 3 DISCOURSE 3 3 4 3

REDUNDANT CONSTRUCTION

HISTORY 2.6 2.9

DISCOURSE.5.4

ELLIPTICAL EXPRESSIONS

HISTORY.3.5.6 3.2

DISCOURSE 2.4 6.6.8 2.3

APPOSITIVES HISTORY 5 6 2 3 DISCOURSE 4 7 2 3

PART / - BEHOLD 4 4 6 8 AND IT CAME TO PASS 6 4 1 1

RHETORICAL QUESTION 7.5 9.0 3.0 12.0

EXCLAMATION 4 6 4 3

DIALOGUE 37 17 8 12

JANUARY 1962 45 the results would be in some cases with A. S. Reynolds 17 and others comparisons. 20zu Along with these,

unintelligible. It would appear that seem to indicate that the translation a master's thesis from the University

styles would not be found to any must have followed the original very of Nebraska 21 has noted some style great degree in the Book of Morclosely in character. With this endifferences.

mon; however, the author felt that couragement, it was felt this study In the study described here, only

there was indication from the would be practical. Style studies the sections of the Book of Mormon

research of Book of Mormon by others have been small, and none which were definitely labeled as the scholars that the book must be quite has been done from a detailed firsthand writings of separate indi- a literal translation. Dr. Sidney B. statistical point of view. J. M. viduals were chosen for investigaSperry has called attention to the Sjodahl noted a few contrasts in tion. Quantity also had to be

common use of Hebrew idioms and repetitions and expressions. 18 J. N. considered in order to get a reliable

typical Semetic sentence strucWashburn recognized contrasts in indication of the writers'style habits.

tures. 14 T. W. Brookbank has done the abridgments of Mormon and Therefore, the writings attributed to

the same. 15 Dr. Hugh Nibley has Moroni compared with their regular Nephi, Jacob, Mormon, and Moroni

demonstrated ancient Near Eastern writings. 19 T. W. Brookbank diswere selected. The reader will recharacteristics. 16 These studies along covered a difference in vocabulary call that the writings of Nephi and

Jacob were from the Small Plates of

Nephi which were unabridged. The

material attributed to Mormon was taken from his book which—if

abridged by himself,. abridged—was "One step enough for me?? and thp of Mormon, from the Words

editorial comments found scattered

RICHARD I. EVANS among his abridgments. The portion attributed to Moroni was

Last week we talked of heroic people, of those who taken from Mormon 8 and 9, the carry their problems, meet their obligations; who book of Moroni, and the editorial

THE forthrightly, honorably, patiently live their lives, comments of Moroni in the book of

SPOKEN of this Ether. All material then facts, facing forward, sharing, was serving, and moving WORD

classified being as analyzed and of us,"eminent said an away. not running "Most

American, "are living under a strain that human nature never was either history or discourse in order intended to bear."1 All people have problems, and some days, to keep out any influences which

no doubt, the difficulties and discouragements may seem all but might appear because of the differinsurmountable. And being so very much preoccupied with our ence in the subject matter.

own problems, it may surprise us to know the problems and heartAs another check, portions of the aches others have, the burdens others bear. In many hearts and abridgments of Mormon and Moroni

homes there are sorrow, disappointment; in many lives plans and were analyzed and compared with

hopes have had to be abandoned or long delayed. Most, if not their historical writings because of

all of us, have had to reconcile ourselves to something less than we their similarity in nature. Although

once wished; to readjust, to gather the threads together, to pick the historical writings of Moroni

up the pieces and save as much of the pattern as we can, and still were not adequate for an accurate carry on. The old, the young, the inbetween ages, all at times examination, yet some of their trends

have their problems and perplexities. But our opportunity, our along with all those of Mormon

obligation, after all, is to do what we have to do a day at a time aligned consistently with the statisand not try to carry the whole future before us. We cannot afford tics determined from the abridgto be fearful of everything that ever could happen or ever might ments. The figures for Moroni's

happen. This suggests a line from "Lead, Kindly Light": "I do writings were included in the renot ask to see the distant scene. One step enough for me."2 We port because the amount of discourse

cannot see a hundred years or a hundred days or a hundred hours was ample for analvsis.

ahead, nor even tomorrow morning. We must have patience and Some of the highlights of the

faith to take the first step we can see, and trust for the next step to overall investigation follow.

show itself, and trust that the light will ever lead us to meet each Wordiness.—Some individuals take

obligation and opportunity, and to know that there are plans and more words than others to put over purposes and everlasting promise. Now may we cite some comtheir ideas. Such is the case in the

in sources: forever reassuring forting sentences from "Keep some of count Book of words Mormon. A 3

life."for of preparation the best value "The view the momentous latest (using the sentence per used

is to, last future, done."well the the present seen "Let duty and of for edition of the Book Mormon

the peace of God rule in your hearts."5 Move forward with faith. its modern punctuation) showed

Be not afraid. Mormon used nearly three words

xHarry Emerson Fosdick, Twelve Tests of Character. more in every sentence than did

Lead, 2John Henry Newman, Kindly Light. Nephi and nearly five more than Foster, 18361917. Am. lawyer, 3John

Macdonald, "George Scotch novelist, 18241905. Jacob. The reader might try to

3:15. BCollossians

add three or four words to every "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the sentence he utters to appreciate this

Columbia Broadcasting System, November 5, 1961. Copyright 1961. difference. Because of the ques46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tionableness of using punctuation as participial phrase with other addiElliptical expressions.—Jacob 2:20

a basis for reference (there was no tions, then the subject again. For reads: "... because ye were proud

punctuation in the Book of Mormon example: in your hearts, of the things which

manuscript), a count was made of "... I, Jacob according to the reGod hath given you,..."and 2:15:

the average length of dependent and sponsibility which I am under to "O that he would show you...."

independent clauses. The writings God, to magnify mine office with These two quotations reveal an

of Mormon remained slightly more soberness, and that I might rid my interesting omission of the typical verbose even though Nephi's writgarments of your sins, 7 came up "unto"in the prepositional phrases ings contained more subordination. into the temple...."(Jac. 2:2.) at the end. From the table below,

An example of the abundant The appearance of this construcit seems quite evident that if Mor clauses which typified the writings tion per 1,000 words of material was: mon were stating the same thing he

of Nephi follows: Nephi Jacob Mormon Moroni probably would have said: "... of

"And now, my brethren, I have Histoiy.9 2.6 2.9 the things which God hath given

spoken plainly that ye cannot err. Discourse.5.4 unto you,..."or, "O that he would

And as the Lord liveth that brought

Israel up out of the land of Egypt, and gave unto Moses power that he should heal the nations after they had been bitten by the poisonous...serpents, if they would cast their Thanks—for all this

eyes unto the serpent which he did raise up before them, and also gave RICHARD 1. EVANS

him power that he should smite the rock and the water should come Surely it is gracious and proper to thank people forth; yea, behold I say unto you, fgjIP:::::: whenever they perform some service. This we

that as these things are true, and as BIthe would well remember in every household and in liveth, otherthe there is none Lord in all of relationship us should life. This yj/ WORDSPOKEN every given save under heaven it bename others Service could always. in thanking rememberthis Jesus Christ, of which I have beIdull drudgery if there were no appreciation, no thanks for it.

spoken, whereby man can be saved."And since expressing thanks is so important to people, how much

(2 Nephi 25:20.) more important is our frequent thanks to the Father of us all, the

Another distinctive feature was the Provider of all, who gave us life and loved ones, who keeps the preference of Moroni to use a subseasons constantly recurring, and who keeps creation in its course.

ordinate clause at the beginning of "In every honest man,"wrote a thoughtful observer, "there is an his sentences. A comparison showed instinctive feeling that there ought to be some relation between the

the preferences to be: Nephi, 10 gift and the worth of the recipient.... He who receives a gift

percent; Jacob, 8V2 percent; Morworthily always asks himself what he has done to deserve [it]....

mon, 6 percent; Moroni, IOV2 percent. Perhaps the finest part of a gift is the searching of soul which it

Moroni also contained noun clauses brings with it; and the greater the gift the more frankly ought the

at the beginning of the sentences man who receives it to [search] himself... Z'1 This being so, we

in a ratio of 4 to 1 over the others. would here do some inner searching, and besides our obligation

Infinitive phrases—As the research to all others, present and past, and especially to loved ones with

progressed, it was noticed that the whom we live, we would offer gratitude to God for the rising of the writings of Mormon contained an morning sun, for the hopeful dawning of each day, for the beauty abundance of infinitive phrases, of the earth, for fertile fields, for health, for life, for law, for the such as: "... which gave unto me love of loved ones, for truth, for intelligence, "for the open doors of

to know that they were prepared to schools and universities,"2 for the Godgiven right of freedom of come again to battle...."Average thought, of action, and of utterance; for patriots who have helped

use per 1,000 words was: preserve it; for work to do, for the kindly softening that follows

the acuteness of a sorrow, for repentance, for forgiveness, for the

Nephi Jacob Mormon Moroni privilege of improving. And may we give thanks not "only for

History 8 6 8 3(?) finished harvests,... for completed achievements,... for work

Discourse 3 3 4 3 done,"but for work to do, "for men to lift themselves into the light;... for the things which make for the healing of the world;

Other parts of speech were not only for the life that has been lived, but for the boundless life analyzed. Contrasts were somethat is to be;... for the great open door of the future..."2—for

times significant and sometimes not the great plan and purpose, for the promise of limitless possibilities, significant. and of life and loved ones everlastingly. "Let every man search

Redundant construction.—While his heart and his life and 'consider... how good and gracious

reading the works of Jacob and God has been.'"3

Mormon, one becomes aware of a 'Editorial, The Outlook, Nov. 29, 1902.

strange sentence construction which Vbid.,Hbid., Nov.Nov. 26,28, 1904.1903.

appears there more frequently than in the rest of the Book of Mormon. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

First the subject is stated, then a Columbia Broadcasting System, November 19, 1961. Copyright 1961.

JANUARY 1962 47

show unto you...."Christ for their shepherd,""... bethe wind"(Mormon 5:16), "... or as

fore the judgment seat of Christ,"a vessel is tossed about upon the

Nephi Jacob Mormon Moroni and "... raised to stand before his waves, without sail or anchor or

History.3.5.6 3.2(?) judgment seat."In the discourses without anything wherewith to steer

Discourse 2.4 6.6.8 2.3 and history of Mormon only three her"(Ibid., 5:18), and "... the earth

metaphors could be called original shall be rolled together as a scroll."

Appositives.—Book of Mormon (not used before in the Book of (Ibid., 5:23.)

readers are more than familiar with Mormon nor in the Bible). The term

sentences beginning "I, Nephi,...""original metaphors"refers to meta- (To be concluded)

or "I, Jacob,..."These and other phors that are not found elsewhere REFERENCES

appositives occurred as follows per in the Book of Mormon or Bible. Deseret Neics, May 13, 1901, Editorial.

1,000 words: 2M. T. Lamb, The Golden Bible (New

York: Ward & Drummond, 1887), pp.

Moroni Jacob Nephi Mormon MYSTERY OF THE SEA 1113.3Alexander Campbell, An Analysis of 2History 5 6 3(?)

Discourse 4 7 2 3 BY J. ALLAN CROCKETT theH. Greene,Book of1932),Mormonp. 13.(Boston: Benjamin

4 T. S. Eliot, The Sacred Wood (Lonviii. don: Co., p. Methuen 928) & the of analysis structure Leaving into I cast the sea my net

or Style Ltd., J"Of Gourmont, de 5Remy turn might grammar,and now the search we depths To of Critiin Literary mystery Writing,"Essays Modern

to the examination of rhetoric. Of reason bare and logic cold. cism, ed. Ray B. West, Ir. (New York:

Six figures of embellishment and Its length 'neath dark blue waves Rinehart & Company, 1952), pp. 5354.

Painter, to (iF. V. N. Elementary Guide figures anaofthree emphasis were unrolled

Literary Criticism (Boston: Ginn and in thelyzed and Book of Mormon Company, 84, 19. 1904), pp. it in expectantly. I drew differtheir uses Style compared. 7Ibid., 19. p.

ences were again readily recognized Its folds examined anxiously. S I. A. Richards, Principles of Literary

when the quality of some writer's But no reward discovered there. Criticism (New York: Harcourt, Brace and

figures were found to exceed the Reason and logic left it bare. Company,''Rudolph1930).Flesch, "On Style,"The

quality of others and the use of Urged on the answer yet to find Writers Book, ed. Helen Hull ( New York

Brothers, Harper and pp. 319321. 1950), figurescertain was by some con- I cast a net another kind of

al, Foerster, et Literary 1 "Normantrasted lack complete a of them by Fashioned, intuition, love and of ( Its Scholarship, Chapel Methods Aims and writers.in of other the work contrition. Hill: faith of University Carolina and North The of my heart's Of

Metaphor.—Metaphor livens a Press, 1941), pp. 8081.

statement as "he fought diligently"When it returned, before my eyes n The Modern Language Association

Activities, on Research "The size, Committee flora every Lay and fauna ofinto imaginative the more "he was Aims, Methods, Materials and of Research Pearls jewels magnificent and in of the fight."a tiger and The Bible in the Literaand Modern Languages

Book of Mormon would lose much of luster, tures,"Publications of the Modern Lantheir color without their metaphors. Shells and sponges, anemones cluster, guage Association of America, LXVII

29. (October 1952), p. in excelled of Jacob The writings Association, kind, 12The Modern Language Myriad beauties of every

original "... the such as: metaphors 29. the p. to astound and varied Wondrous

lt!Richards, 23. p. the that healethword wounded mind, of in the Idioms MorBook:4"Hebrew "....soul."those and 2:8.) (Jacob... Came Era, from the sea to tell life's mon,"Improvement The LVII their to piercehave daggers placed also 703ff; (October See, story. 1954), pp.

theirsouls delicate and wound as Translation Book of Mormon They ". each and all proclaimed God's "TheEnglish,"(Ibid., XXXVIII, (Marchminds."1938), 2:9.) from.. awake glory. to Pass,"140; "It XVII, Came (Mayp.the death; loose of slumber and

p. Deseret 686; News, December ofyourselves hell Such pains the from Section. were the treasures brought to 4,1914), 1937, Church

others...."(Ibid., and me 3:11), many Idioms in the Analogies and 15"Hebrew

Jacob used the metaphor "piercing By faith and love from the depths of Book of Mormon,"The Improvement Era, p. 115, XIII (January 234, and 1910), the sea. the ofeye which Lord"seem would

136. p. XVIII, (December 1914),

to set the stage for throughits use Desert Lehi Nibley, in the and 1<;Hugh note: Authors

out the Book of Mormon. It is inIdea from a poem in Spanish the World of the Jaredites, (Salt Lake

teresting that the author of Nephi by Amado Nervo City, Bookcraft, 1952).

never used this metaphor. One is Bible17E. (SaltCecilLakeMcGavin,City: Bookcraft,Cumorah's 1948),Gold

found in 2 Nephi 9:44, but that chappp. 272273.

ter is actually a discourse of Jacob The metaphors in the writings of 18 J. M. Sjodahi "The Evidence of

quoted by Nephi. Moroni were mostly unoriginal but 5,Style,"1915),Millennialpp. 481487.Star, LXXXVII (August

The metaphors in Nephi were of excellent quality. 19 J. N. Washburn, The Contents, Strucnumerous and of good quality. But Simile.—The author of Mormon ture, and Authorship of the Book of Morwith Mormon, a contrast in style used simile (likening something to mon (Salt Lake City: Bookcraft, 1954),

became very evident. The majority something else) about fifteen times p. 20T.68. W. Brookbank, "Book of Mormon

of metaphors were borrowed or at more per 100 sentences than the Vocabulary"( Paper on file in the LDS

Historian's Office Library). other writers.least similar to as Church those Striking others similes used by

and Style "Language 21 Moyle Q. Rice, ".. of the following the usual frequently. seed wereand consisted found

of Joseph and house of Jacob,""... in the writings of Mormon: "... ofmaster'sthe Bookthesis,of DepartmentMormon,"(unpublishedof English,

remnant of the seed...,""... have they are driven about as chaff before University of Nebraska, 1937).

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So manytalented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. l*0STl#

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

JANUARY 1962 49

Mans PreEarthly Existence explained that it would be necesthe power of God and would be able sary to place a veil over our minds and willing to atone (or suffer) for ( Continued from page 19 when we came to the earth so we the sins committed, men could recould not remember in detail our enter the presence of God if they of hands, feet, etc.; and second, previous existence with him. Otherwould but repent of their sins and

these spirits do not have bodies of wise we could not learn to live by keep the commandments of God.

flesh and bones. faith (for we could continue to live 3. Free agency—the freedom or

The best description in the scripwith absolute knowledge of God) right of choice—is an inherent part

tures of a spiritual body is found in nor could our earthly experience be of the principle of progression; withthe Book of Mormon. About 2,000 a true testing period. out free agency, men could not beyears before Jesus Christ was born Although many of the children come responsible beings and thus

on this earth, he appeared unto the of God shouted for joy when they could never become as God our brother of Jared with his spiritual realized this plan provided them Father is.

body and said: with opportunities of eternal pro- 4. Inasmuch as this plan of salva-

"Seest thou that ye are created gression, yet others present at this tion and exaltation is the plan of after mine own image? Yea, even great council opposed the plan of the Father, he should be given the

all men were created in the beginthe Father. These dissenters were honor and the glory forever.

ning after mine own image. led by Lucifer, and their arguments Lucifer and his followers contin-

"Behold, this body, which ye now against the plan of God evidently ued to oppose the plan of the behold, is the body of my spirit; included the following major points Father, for they maintained that

and man have I created after the 1. If we go down on this earth out God did not have enough power to

body of my spirit; and even as I of the presence of God and are given redeem men from their sins; thus

appear unto thee to be in the spirit commandments by God and are also they denied the power of God and will I appear unto my people in given our free agency, most or all defied his word.

the flesh."(Ether 3:1516; Italics of us will undoubtedly not keep The debate which followed the

added. some of the commandments and presentatation of these two plans

Although the spiritual bodies we thus will commit sin. resulted in what one of the prophets

had before we came to this earth 2. An eternal law makes it imhas referred to as "war in heaven."

were the prototypes of the physical possible for any evil or sinful person (See Revelation 12:7-12.) The conbodies we now have, and they were to live in the presence of God; thus flict was finally resolved, however,

capable of remarkable accomplishonce we commit sin we will be and the results were: (1) Lucifer

ments ( this is the type of body Jesus eternally lost. and his followers were cast out of

Christ had when he created this 3. Man should not be given the heaven and were not allowed to

earth!), yet they had certain limitaopportunity to sin; therefore either participate in the plan of God, and

tions. Apparently one of these limhe should not be given any com- (2) the great plan of salvation and

itations was that they were not mandments (and thus could not sin) exaltation, which had been proposed bodies of procreation, that is, or if he is given commandments he by the Father and upheld by spiritual bodies evidently could not should not be given the right of Jehovah, his Firstborn Son in the give birth to children. Without choice as to whether or not he will Spirit, was put into operation.

powers of increase, our possibilities keep the commandments but should All of the scriptures contain referof eternal progression were defibe forced to keep them. ences to this great council in heaven

nitely limited. 4. Inasmuch as this plan to reand the conflict which resulted.

In order to give us the opportunity move man's responsibility for his Concerning the banishment of Luciof taking upon ourselves bodies of acts (and thus remove his free fer and his followers from heaven, flesh and bones which would also agency) is the plan of Lucifer, he Isaiah asked:

be bodies of procreation, God our should be given all of the honor "How art thou fallen from heaven,

Father called a great council in and the glory associated with it. Lucifer, son of the morning!

heaven and presented to us a plan Jehovah (the preearthly title for "... thou hast said in thine heart,

wherebvJ we could share with him Jesus Christ) opposed the argu- 1 will ascend into heaven, I will the powers of both creation and proments of Lucifer and spoke in favor exalt my throne above the stars of creation. This council was unof the plan presented by God the God:..."(Isaiah 14:1213.) Several

doubtedly one of the most significant Father. Jehovah evidently included of the writers in the New Testament

events in our preearthly existence. the following major points in his referred to the "angels that sinned,"

The plan presented by our Father opposition to Lucifer's proposal: "the angels which kept not their

provided that we might come to 1. It is true that if we go down on first estate,"and the "third part"of

an earth out of his presence and an earth out of the presence of God the hosts of heaven who followed there (1) we could learn to live by and are given commandments by after Lucifer and were cast down to faith, (2) we could be tested as to God and are also given our free hell. (2 Peter 2:4; Jude 6; Revelaour faithfulness in keeping certain agency, many will not keep all of tion 12:4,7-12.)

commandments he would give unto the commandments and thus will However, the most complete acus, and (3) we could obtain physicommit sin. counts of this event are contained

cal bodies of flesh and bones which 2. It is also true that no sinful in scriptures which have come forth

would have the power to procreate. person can dwell in the presence of in this Dispensation. (2 Nephi 2:17In order for us to achieve the first God; however, if a person could 18; 9:8-9; D&C 29:3638; 76:2529;

two of these objectives, our Father be sent to the earth who would have Moses 4:1-4; Abraham 3:2728.) In

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "To start NOW to build up my family's

NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION 1-year supply of FOOD... and WATER!"

IT'S EASY AND ECONOMICAL WHEN YOU

FOLLOW THE PERMAPAK STORAGE PLAN

3. SAVES MONEY. At PerHere's What You Do

ma - Pak's low, bulk - quantity 1. Send in coupon below for the "PermaPak

costs, you can serve each meal Food Storage Catalog."

at an average cost of about 10 cents per person! 2. Thengroupsordershownfromin eachthe ofPermaPakthe 8 basicCatalogfoodFOOD the 1-year quantities indicated. Gives you

Here's Why It's Wise to Buy Pay as little as $85.00 asatisfyvarietythe tofoodchoosepreferencesfrom in ofeachyourgroupfamily.to

PermaPak's LowMoisture and per family member for a

Concentrated Foods for Storage whole year's balanced food supply! 3. Choose the purchase plan that best fits

your budget:

1. get 3 You SPACE. SAVES Order. your Order 1-Year whole A—One compactPERMA-PAK in or the food as 4 times much of for year's your supply whole food storage, lowmoisture... foods in

(less for time than family space, to at one $400 storage compared same protectorcans with No. 10 4). of get 1 bulk ship- a family You canned goods. large

lids. doublefriction tightseal costs. freight save on and ment

details a dieticallyof All the CUTS SAVES FOOD

Va, Partof-Year Orders. Order various B—Several of the supply balanced Lowmoisture...ROTATION.2. each of a year's supply Vi or Vz month

fruits, dehydrated vegetables types of foods needed for proper or so over a period of several months.

and concentrated "instant"foods human nutrition have already in PermaPak "protector"cans been worked out for you in the C—12 Monthly Orders. Order "Unit 1"

first "Unit month, 2"second month, will years. last STORfor many, FOOD many PERMAPAK

Storon, PermaPak's on "Food and so U.S. upon PLAN, (based be kept goods must Canned in AGE plan. the the Unit of Month"At age

rotation much more often to Department of Agriculture recend of 12month's you'll have a balavoid spoilage. ommendations.) anced 1-year supply of storage foods.

possible emergency need for not be contaminated by nuclear pure drinking water, PermaPak fallout or bacteria. It is very

offers... at the lowest possible pleasing to the taste and will

price... this "aquapak"highkeep for many, many years unpurity water which comes from der normal storage conditions.

Ideal for camping, hiking, traWATER a deep well in the Rocky Mountains. To keep it pure, it has veling use as well as for emerPay only $2.79 per case of 24 cans been very specially processed by gency survival use. This is fresh,

... for your emergency supply a wellknown canning company newlypacked water... not aged

of pure, newlypacked water! under the most exacting scienwar surplus.

tific specifications laid down by "Aquapak"... speciallyone of the nation's leading can24 12fluid-oz. cans $2.79

processed, pure, tastepleasing, ning research laboratories. It

drinking water in hermetically meets Civil Defense requireShipping weight 21 lbs. Shipped

sealed, radiationproof cans. ments. In its high - vacuum, "Freight Collect,"f.o.b., Salt

As vital insurance against a sealed cans, this pure water canLake City.

PERMAPAK, Inc., 40 E. Robert Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah To save on shipping costs... pool your order

Check or your Church Group. Generous Q PleaseChoice:send me your "Food Storage Plan CATALOG."with Friends

Please send me your "Food Storage Itemof-theMonth"discounts offered to Church Groups, Wards & Stakes.

plan.

Please details send complete BEabout me I CAN HOW AVAILABLE! DEALERSHIPS IMPORTANT: DEALER. PERMAPAK A COME

in interested are exclusive If you dealer becoming an PermaPak

I I Please details Dissend complete about your me Group in in line or area your our of Preparedness adding Products... Projects. counts FundRaising and

retail to items this indicate already you... please in the coupon 12oz. cans) cases Send (24 of "AquaPak"

left at mail today! and

- - case per $ $2.79 pure wafer @

(I am enclosing check or money order.)

My Name

Address... PIERMAPAK City Zone State. PIONEERS IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS

PERMAPAK INC., 40 E. Robert Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah

JANUARY 1962 5l one of the accounts in the Doctrine fully and knowingly rebelled against ises to God. (See Moses 5:2225.)

and Covenants, we read where the the plan of God, and they refused All of the spirit children of God

Lord told Joseph Smith "... the to keep the laws upon which the the Father who voted to accept his

devil... rebelled against me, sayblessings of earth life are predicated. plan in the great council in heaven

ing, Give me thine honor, which is Thus, they literally brought upon are entitled to the right to come my power; and also a third part of themselves their own condemnation. upon the earth to obtain physical

the hosts of heaven turned he away They—and not God—are directly rebodies of procreation. This right

from me because of their agency; sponsible for their punishment and is given to no other group. Thus

"And they were thrust down, and their limitations. every person who has ever lived on

thus became the devil and his 3. At least one condition is worse this earth or who will ever live on

angels."(D&C 29:3637.) A more than the punishment which was prothis earth agreed to accept the plan

detailed account of this rebellion is nounced upon Lucifer (Perdition) of salvation and exaltation proposed given by the Lord in the book of and his followers (or "sons") of not by our Father in heaven. In a real

Moses as follows: being allowed to come upon the sense we continue to be his sons

"... Satan... is the same which earth and obtain physical bodies. and daughters because we have

was from the beginning, and he This more serious condition is to beagreed to follow his plan. He, in

came before me, saying—Behold, come a "Son of Perdition"after turn, has promised us that if we

here am I, send me, I will be thy obtaining a physical body. The Lord follow his plan faithfully and well,

son, and I will redeem all mankind, has defined this class of "Sons of we shall someday become as he now that one soul shall not be lost, and Perdition"as follows: "Thus saith is—a God of glory and honor, a God

surely I will do it; wherefore give the Lord concerning all those who of creation and procreation. No

me thine honor. know my power, and have been wonder we shouted for joy when

"But, behold, my Beloved Son, made partakers thereof, and suffered this plan was presented to us in the which was my Beloved and Chosen themselves through the power of the preearthly council in heaven!

from the beginning, said unto me—devil to be overcome, and to deny

Father, thy will be done, and the the truth and defy my power—

glory be thine forever. "They are they who are the sons of

"Wherefore, because that Satan perdition, of whom I say that it had rebelled against me, and sought to been better for them never to have destroy the agency of man; which I, been born;

the Lord God, had given unto him, "... Concerning whom I have said

and also, that I should give unto there is no forgiveness in this world him mine own power; by the power nor in the world to come—..."Beehive House

of mine Only Begotten, I caused (D&C 76:3132, 34; Italics added;

that he should be cast down; also read 3538.)

"And he became Satan, yea, even The justice of the punishments (Continued from page 25) the devil, the father of all lies,..."which have come upon the two

(Moses 4:1-4.) classes of sons of perdition should

Some persons might feel that God be obvious to the sincere seeker of The kitchen table is covered with the Father was unjust or unfair truth. Lucifer and the hosts who a bright red cloth. On it are a

when he denied the right of earth followed him in heaven refused at cruet, cups and saucers, old silverlife to Lucifer and his followers the great council to accept the ware, and stoneware china. There

in consequence of their rebellion atonement of Jesus Christ and the are handmade rag rugs on the floor, against him in heaven. However, other laws necessary for an earth and the cupboards are filled with

the following principles which apply life; thus they were denied the stoneware and china and glasses.

to Lucifer's predicament should be blessings and privileges of mortality. Nearby the kitchen is the pantry

kept in mind: Cain and the others who have bewhich opens into the kitchen. Here

1. God is a God of law and order; come sons of perdition on this earth, are the large bins for storage. There

thus he is bound by certain divine however, agreed in the council in are Mason fruit jars dated 18541857 and eternal laws/ (D&C 82:10; heaven to accept and obey all the with their wrought iron clamps for

Alma 12:32; 42:13.) One of the commandments of God; yet when the lids. There is a high cupboard

eternal laws by which God is bound they came to the earth they broke which undoubtedly kept the supplies is the law of justice which is essenthese additional covenants. Thus needed for daily use. There is a littially that every law has both a punthe punishment to be inflicted upon tle old icebox which took care of

ishment and a blessing affixed to it; the physical sons of perdition will enough ice for daily or weekly use.

whenever a law is transgressed (or be more severe than the punishment Downstairs were the great cellars broken), a punishment or suffering meted out to Lucifer and his spiritwhere huge blocks of ice were cut must be inflicted; whenever a law ual cohorts. The scriptures clearly and stored during the winter, covis kept (or obeyed), a blessing must indicate that Cain (who became a ered with sawdust and then chipped

be given. Thus, all punishments son of perdition on the earth) will off as needed to fill this little ice

and blessings are based (or predirule over Lucifer (who became a box for daily use and to make homecated) upon disobedience or obedison of perdition at the time of the made ice cream.

ence to divine law. (D&C 82:10; council in heaven)—that is, Cain is There were orchards and grounds

130:2021.) more evil and wicked than Lucifer to be kept up, and the helpers

2. Lucifer and his followers wilfor he has broken additional promate their meals in the house. Across

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the hall there is a dining room where painting. the cultural education that was made

meals would be served for the sixAs was the custom in early days available for the family.

teen to eighteen helpers who worked in many parts of northeastern United In this lovely Long Hall the ceilaround the Beehive House. States whence Brigham Young came, ings are high and coved, the walls

In the northeast corner of the Beethe parlor was upstairs, and so it is a soft blue. The five windows all

hive House is the family store. On in the Beehive House. The parlor have beautiful lace curtains, and

the long counters is a glass cover for was known as the "Long Hall."Here their luxurious deep raspberry red

a sixtypound cheese. There are all formal entertaining took place. brocatelle draperies are festooned

storage boxes for J&P Coats thread, There is a beautiful, square, original with heavy silk cords and tassels cupboards of pretty and plain butgrand piano bought for Brigham and draped up over large brass tietons. The shelves back of the Young and carried across the plains backs. The brocade for these rooms

counter are stocked with braid, in a covered wagon. There are a was copied exactly from an original

calico, laces, and trimmings, and harp and a violin. These musical swatch which had been passed down

fringe, glass lamp chimneys, bric-a- instruments again bear evidence of to the members of Brigham Young's brac, high laced shoes, baby shoes.

There are square glass jars of maple sugar, horehound candy, licorice, rock candy, brown sugar, spices, and dill. Dried spices hang from hooks

on the wall. Over in the glass case

there is a small book with sixteen sheets of gold leaf. On this book

are inscribed the words "This was the gold leaf kept for the dentist work for the children."A small

piece of gold leaf would be taken across the way to the dentist by the one having a toothache when the tooth needed filling. On the floor are

barrels for onionsanples, dried peas,potatoes, and dill pickles. This SAVINGS ACCOUNT

store supplied the needs of the family. Its convenience saved many AT WESTERN SAVINGS

a sten, and assured each family a just portion of the available supply of Save regularly for a vacation... college... added

earlvdav commodities. conveniences for your home. It's the one certain way

with up are made The beds it. When you save at

rest mattresses,featherbed on to have money when you need which ropes rather than springs. The spotWestern Savings, you get the very most for your money.

less white linens are a hundred years old. There are patchwork cruilts, Savings received by the 10th of any month receive

pillowslips with handcrocheted full earnings from the 1st of that month.

edging, and sheets, all handmade.

In each room is an oldfashioned Insured Safety to $10,000 by We pay the postage both wash basin and pitcher and waste the Federal Savings and Loan ways when you save by mail.

jar. Each is a different design—all Insurance Corporation—a

were used in pioneer days. In every permanentUnited States agencyGovernment.of the Youring whenmoney'syoureadywant andit. waitroom there are racks with lovely old

handmade linen towels, some of Use this coupon to open your account today.

them fringed, some embroidered or crossstitched. WESTERN SAVINGS

45 East Ul South, At the top of the stairs is the playSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH room with toys, dolls, and marbles. Enclosed is my check money order for $

It is near enough to be within the Please open a savings account in the name of:

sound of mother's voice as she Name worked in the kitchen, her ear was always attuned to the noises or si- (if a joint account put second name here) lences which came from upstairs. Address.".

Near the playroom is an improvised City - State earlyday schoolroom with charts, i<iiin'pictures, and books as used a hundred years ago. Each week a

Catholic nun would come to the Home45 EastOffice1st South,

Beehive House to teach the children Salt Lake City 1, Utah reading, languages, geography, and Cottonwood4989 HighlandOffice.Drive,

Salt Lake City 1 1, Utah

Portland Office, N.E. Sandy Boulevard at 43rd,

Portland 13, Oregon

JANUARY 1962 53 family and was reproduced exactly Recent appointments to the genin color and pattern and texture. Carl W. Buehner eral board of the YMMIA are

There is a beautifully carved walnut Elders Mark A. Benson, Rulon H.

table made by Brigham Young. Two (Continued from page 29) Bradshaw, Melvin R. Davis, Morris

exquisite chandeliers, which once Hansen, Joseph A. Kjar, William H.

hung in the first tabernacle and Stake, and while stake president he Koew, H. LeGrande Lewis, Darrel

which have been restored give a was chairman of Salt Lake and Pio- J. Monson, Monroe J. Paxman,

lovely light. The social life of the neer welfare regions. He was also Stanley Russon, Richard S. Tanner,

family and the community is re- a member of the general welfare R. Paul Thompson, D. Jay Wilson,

flected here. On the floor is a quaint, committee prior to his appointment Ned Winder, and William R. Woodbeautiful Brussels carpet with garas second counselor in the Presidruff. For Elders Russon and Tanner

lands of roses. An original list ing Bishopric. it is a reappointment to the board,

written by Brigham Young ordering Eminently successful in business, both brethren having recently served the carpets for the house, stated that he is currently president of Beehive as bishops.

he wanted either needlepoint all State Bank, an institution he aided It is also announced that three wool, fourply ingrain, or Brussels in organizing; chairman of the board brethren are currently on leave of

carpets throughout. of directors of Buehner Block absence from the board: Elders Roy

Downstairs in the panelled hall is Company; a director of Sunset M. Darley (on a Church music mis-

a beautiful old bookcase that was Life Insurance Company, Olympia, sion in London); Richard L. Gunn

originally in the Beehive House. One Washington, and he is associated (who has a sabbatical leave from

by one, original books and first ediwith several other successful busiBYU); and Verl F. Scott (currently

tions have come to fill these shelves. ness enterprises. serving active duty with the NaAll the books in this case are dated He will lend dignity, strength, and tional Guard).

not later than 1877. honor to his new calling. He invites

During the restoration of the Beeconfidence. The verity of his meshive House, friends, relatives, and sage and his friendly smile deeply

strangers have parted with family penetrate his audiences. His speeches

heirlooms and cherished possessions are spiced with wit that keep his to make the house live again as an listeners in a state of attentive exhistoric monument to the past. Every pectancy. His good nature and

room inspires a renewed admiration warmth of personality enable him Also Bear, Younger Brother for those early pioneers who built so to get close to the people. Kindly

well and who loved the beautiful as and unpretentious, he is a silent (Continued from page 33) well as practical things of life. One doer of good deeds. He is a genius

storytelling. at lessonsalmost hears the from of The sound music

is father for "My a time. away The his practical the vivid are upstairs,from examples harp both chiland left to he care for things man rode

isdren's in voices his meaningful. firm and from past the to He seem away. has not returned. I think He

echo through the rooms. This convictions and valiant in defense he will not return. The hay will

beautiful, old home, now restored, of truth. not last through the winter, with so

leaves us no doubt that this was Elder Buehner has the outlook of many cows."

a happy house, that harmony and youth, yet his perspective is temHe looked into the old man's eyes.

love here abounded. pered with the wisdom of his years. "I can't slaughter them, myself,"he

President S. Dilworth Young has He is an ardent lover of athletics said, almost sheepishly; "If you will

said of the Beehive House, "Can you and possesses a deep appreciation help, there will be meat for all, for know Washington when vou see Mt. for programs of culture and refine- a time, and maybe the hay will be

Vernon, or Jefferson after Montiment. With his enthusiasm, he can enough."

cello, or Jackson from the Herbe expected to promote the proThe old man looked searchingly mitage? Then try to measure grams of the MIA vigorously. into Beorn's face. Then, in his own

Brigham Young. This was his house, Bishop Buehner was born Decemtongue, he asked a question of men

the Beehive House, a symbol of ber 27, 1898, at Stuttgart, Germany. nearby. A tall man moved closer,

faith and work and frugal care."His parents, who were converts to "I am Great Hunter."He smiled

The Beehive House, now restored the Church, emigrated to America wryly, "Your father will approve? He

again in 1962 as it was in 1854, is when he was two years of age. He keeps the cows not for meat?"

evidence that those who came here married Lucille Thurman, daughter "For the milk, really,"said Beorn, one hundred years ago were peoof the late Samuel R. Thurman, wondering why the man looked so

ple of great inner fineness with deep former Chief Justice of the Supreme familiar, "He won't like having his spiritual purpose as they established Court of the State of Utah, and cows eaten, but he'll say he'd rather have some eaten than have alltheir in the valleys homes here of Victoria Adelaide. Buehners The starve to death."mountains.the Beehive The House are the parents of three daughters

last,stands as a monument to their memand one son. The man nodded. And, at

ory. Beorn saw someone he knew.

The Improvement Era joins a host Small Bear came to stand at the of friends throughout the Church in tall man's side, and it was plain they

He is the happiest, be he king or wishing Bishop Buehner continued were father and son. "Small Bear,"

peasant, who finds peace in his success in his assignment as a leader said Beorn, and stopped.

home—Goethe of youth. It seemed that every human in the

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA village was there now. It came to words—and in my heart."he never mentioned the months he

him that there were no cooking "Our thanks,"they answered, "are had been at the Winter Camp, withsmells. No cooking? yours, Younger Brother."out coming near the homestead. He

"When can you come?""'Bye, Bear."Beorn called after and Beorn made a pair of skis.

"We are not busy,"said the tall them. "When Father returns,"Beorn

man, dryly. "Bye, Bear."The Indian boy said, "he'll smooth them better and

"Now?"called back, over his shoulder. groove them."

Great Hunter would have looked After that, Small Bear came to the "We go, soon,"said Small Bear.

startled, if he had allowed himself homestead, and it was as it had been "The men have said it. We go

to change expression. "At once?"the winter before—almost. earlier this summer. There is more

Beorn nodded. "The only thing, Now, he came to the barn and the trouble, Also Bear, between your

I don't want my little sister to knowcabin. He met Aunt Elsa and Angie. people and mine. It may be that we

to see, I mean. To Angie, they are Sometimes, he ate with them. But will never return to the old camp."

pets. She would be unhappy...."

"The small one with hair like fire?"asked the old man, "I, Chief

Crazy Lightning, say she shall not be made unhappy."

satisfied the cabin, himBeorn At Make 1962 a year of EXCITINGself well, that and hurried all was outside. Nine men waited at the

a boy, Beornbarn—eight men and and VIVID VIEWING atcorrected himself, grinning Small SOUND

Bear. 23"Fidelity Stereo High Radio - TV - FM/AM "I'd like all I can, to save Great

23"picture overall diag. picture sq. in. of area. rectangular meas., 280

said Beorn,Hunter,"can "We again,slaughter if we must. These allin-one combination

milk."two give little

"That cow,"Great Hunter interrupted, "may now give little milk, but I think gives much in season.

This other, no."

"Those two, then,"Beorn agreed.

Behind the barn, the men worked without speaking; each one's task

fitted into another's. They've worked

together a long time, Beorn thought.

Then, the skinned and opened carcasses lay on the bloodstained snow.

"Take what you prefer,"said Beorn.

Great Hunter shook his head, "It is yours.""No,"Beorn insisted, "It's ours!

Without your help...."He trimmed

out one liver. "This, a front quarter,

some ribs—take the rest."

"You keep too little,"said Great

Hunter. his "That's as head. shook Beorn

is ewcucfacud&, fa&deutj rest use. as Themuch we can

yours."He went into the barn for straw.

"If Angie gets out here...."BEST IN TV PERFORMANCE!

Small Bear followed Beorn into Handcrafted Service Saver Chassis gives you greater operthe barn, picked up a fork, and ating dependability, fewer service headaches. You get great

helped to cover the bloodstained brighter, sharper TV pictures with Zenith's SunshineS Picture snow with straw. Tube.

"That'll do,"said Beorn, "after it's trampled."BEST IN THRILLING STEREO!

The men wrapped the meat in the Zenith's high fidelity stereo makes all your records sound two hides, and in others they must better on Deluxe CobraMaticS changer with CobraS Tone have brought with them—small Arm.

hides—they hadn't come prepared to

carry away very much. BEST IN DRIFTFREE FM!

"Words are weak thanks,"said To make your entertainment complete, the Glenlake features

Beorn to Great Hunter and the world famous Zenith FM with Automatic Frequency Control others, "but I thank you all, with for driftfree FM listening.

Available at your local Zenith Dealer

JANUARY 1962 55 "I had hoped,"said Beorn slowly, said Beorn slowly. "His people left reservations farther west. The

"that we might be friends forever, early, for the hills to the northeast."soldiers will come from the fort

Namesake.""What?"exclaimed Nils Torhaag, beyond those hills. They will go

Small Bear held out his hand, "We "That's the first target!"through those hills, first of all."

are friends, Also Bear! Near or far "It isn't fair!"Beorn cried, "Father, "So, we may not even return to

away. And it may be that matters they are friendly and helpful—and our old fields,"said Great Hunter

are not so grave as they sound."honest!"bitterly, "They drive us, even from

A few days later, the Indian boy "Elsa,"Beorn's father turned to there; What would you do, Friend

appeared and handed the rough skis the elderly cousin, "can you manNils, if you were me?"

to Beorn. "When again the snow age with Angie for a few days?""I don't know, Great Hunter,"said

comes, Also Bear, it may be that I "And longer."Aunt Elsa moved Nils Torhaag wearily, "A man has

shall use them."slowly and stiffly toward the stove, a right, a duty, to fight for his fam-

"You are leaving?""I'll fix food to take along. I can't ily, his home, his land, his faith,

"We are leaving."manage the cows. Milk them and whatever it may be. That, I do

"Wait."Beorn ran into the cabin. turn them out. They won't suffer. know! But a man must stand in

Returning, with both hands be- A good thing, Nils, that you brought those shoes, to know where they will hind his back, he said, "Which?"the horse for the boy!"take him. Sometimes, I think, a man

Small Bear indicated. "With families and belongings, must stop fighting with this."He

Laughing, Beorn showed that each they can't move as fast as we do,"raised a clenched fist, "and fight hand held an identical sharp hunting said Beorn, hopefully. with what he has here—and here."

knife with a handle of yellowed But a day ended, and another, and With his finger, he tapped his forewalrus ivory. a third was almost finished, when head and the region of his heart.

"Mine,"he said, "from my grandBeorn said suddenly, "Smoke ahead!""With this fist, a man may fight anfather who had them from his grand- "If they headed directly for the other man, or two, or five, or even

father—and how far back, no one hills,"said his father, "that should ten, but not hundreds. And hunknows! I give one to my brother—be your friends."dreds can come. Can a man sacrimy namesake."Sometime later, they stopped befice his woman and children?"

"As each is but half of the pair, side a creek. Some of the younger men stirred,

so is your brother but half without "Keep the horses here, Son. I'll muttering.

you, Also Bear,"said the Indian boy have a look. No, it might be others "It is hard,"Nils Torhaag went on

softly. "If I do not return before the than your friends—think of Angie slowly, "to restrain one's hand,

snow comes, or ever, my heart will and Aunt Elsa."when it aches to strike! But what

be near to you, always."The horses staked, Beorn crept one does by choice, however unhap-

"We will meet again,"Beorn burst quietly after his father. He was pily he may have chosen, is less

out, "somehow, sometime—we must!"within earshot, though out of sight, fitter than what one does because

The next morning on the cabin when his father entered the circle he has no choice.

doorstep lay two welldressed hides, of firelight. "I do not advise, I cannot. I do

soft and almost white, and a doll "Greetings. I am Nils Torhaag."not know what I would do. But if

dressed in gay fringed and beaded Silence. Beorn remembered that I had taken my family to a territory

buckskin. Beyond the woods only long, uncomfortable silence that had that is held open for them, if I fulcircles of ashes and clear spots greeted him! filled all of the requirements that the

where tepees had stood showed "I would speak with one called law demands, no harm could come where the Indian camp had been. Great Hunter, or perhaps with Small to them! With them safe, I could

Nils Torhaag, returning two days Bear. Also Bear is anxious that his fight, not with fists or knives or

later, was surprised to hear of what namesake shall know...."guns, I could not hope to win by

had happened. A boy was advancing, but a man such means. There would always

He was angry, too. stepped before Nils Torhaag. be more soldiers with still more to

"That Andy Bowen, I'll have the "I am Great Hunter."come.

law on that horse thief. 'Go for Nils Torhaag touched his heart, "I would fight, not the soldiers, but

help'—he meant to steal it. He did and held up his hand, palm outthe men above the soldiers! And I

steal it, leaving you all to starve, for ward. "To you, I owe special thanks. would fight them with their own

all he knew. Well, you have a horse, You saved what was best of my weapons—knowledge, law, caution,

Beorn. It was your grandmother's herd, a cow that will mother other patience. It will take time to train

wish...."good milkers!"men in a knowledge of law and legal

"I'm proud of you, Son! Proud "The boy did not know,"Great right. But without men so trained,

that you saw the wisdom of sacrificHunter spoke quietly. there can be no victory, no real

ing two cows to save the rest—and "Friend, many things are done behope, no future."

that you did what you did as you cause we 'do not know,'but the Beorn had moved forward, into did it. Sometimes pride is all that damage is as great as if we had the light.

a man has left, and he must keep known. To you all, my thanks for His father did not seem surprised

something! And though I'd like to all things."to see him. He laid his hand on his

meet your friends, I hope they are "Our thanks are yours."son's shoulder. "I am selfish, too.

well on their way. The soldiers are "But,"Beorn's father interrupted, If one man cannot keep his land, no

coming to move the Indians, by "hear why I have followed you. man's landright is safe! But we

force if necessary, to reservations Beorn said you went this way. I must know how to hold what is ours.

farther west."heard in town the soldiers are comForce is no longer the answer."

"The 'trouble'Small Bear meant,"ing to move all of your people to The old chief, Crazy Lightning,

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..!

rose slowly from his place by the BETWEEN fire. He spoke, not to Nils Torhaag,

to Beorn. but... TEMPLE SQUARE VISITS "Younger Brother, you said where

age is, there is wisdom also. You enjoy a snack at Hotel Utah's delightful new

did not say that, sometimes, the wisdom comes before the age!

"Friend are Nils, your words... in the not BOWl/n'BASKET crawling kickeddog words. They lower lobby, opposite

are not sneaking weasel words. They the Coffee Shop

are eagle words, that soar aloft and entrance.

see the plains beyond the hills. I

ask my people to turn about. I say, Open 'round the clock let us go to the place that is set—24 hours a day!

there, us. for aside That we may

. Tasty food. set ourselves to as doing you have

.. fast service fight the said—to white with man

his own weapons, to learn our rights pleasant surroundings under law and to claim them by law, and, if it must be, to see that bad laws are changed. With knowlHOTEL UTAH

famous edge, we will drive out the white Home of the SKY Room man. Max Dean, Manager

"Yet you, Friend Nils, are white, as is our Younger Brother... So?"

"Is it not possible,"asked Nils

Torhaag, "that we may yet live side by side—neighbors who have respect

and admiration and affection for one another? And if I can't hold my HAWAII AND THE

land by law and by right, I don'twant to hold it because I'm white!"SEATTLE WORLD'S FAIR

like father,""Like son, said Great IN GLORIOUS ONE TOUR BY JETAIR THE STEAMSHIP AND MATHunter. gestured the toward He Fly SONIA! to Honolulu from any city, Coast West April Gateway

fires. It a cooking hospitable was 12th. escorted tour Your includes transfers, hotel accommodations, gesture. basic sightseeing local by guides, Session, Temple local Church and friend "Eat, Brother,"said and activities Folk. L.D.S. of

Great Hunter.

That night, Beorn and his father THEN, take the ONE cruise to SEATTLE, arriving just 4 days after slept in the circle of men around the the opening of the fair.

fire. In the morning, they said Write, 'phone, or drop in for information on this—or other delightful trips to suit yourfarewell. schedule. taste, pocketbook and

"If you don't come back, Namesake,"said Beorn, "I'll look you up, someday.""I wish can only that you will,"iMaqic Carpet Travelssaid huskily. Small Bear

"If I can help,"said Nils Torhaag 230TwinShoshoneFalls, St.IdahoEast IdahoBonnevilleFalls, HotelIdaho

carefully, "whether you go or stay, RE 3-1668 JA 3-3300 let word reach me. Sometimes one Our planning and booking services cost you NOTHING extra.

can do what another cannot do, be Representing all airlines, steamships, resorts, hotels.

where another cannot be."

"Whether we go or stay,"Great

Hunter repeated slowly, "we will remember, Friend Nils!"BIND YOUR ERAS NEED MONEY? Beorn clasped the hand of the Heavy

old chief. "My grandfathers have Red Fabricated Binders Let us help you.

is hissaid, 'Bare back, who bears no only $2.00 your stake, M.I.A., ward, YES!

..."brother.'Well. Start your own home library Relief Society other and Auxilrearranged The wrinkles themiaries can buy our "STUFF"selves. Possibly, old Crazy Lightning was smiling. But there was WHOLESALE.

inno laughter his voice.

Products Paper Syrups for Punch—

If EvenPLAY Don'tRIGHT You Know 1 \AWAY! will us ever fear "No among man Cotton Candy of a Note Music Now

it's to Now his EASYthat bare. the back be In may Supplies Cone Snow and Candy learn instrument. any oflodge Nils our Friend dwells Also boring exercises. No

Bear, Younger Brother."Startpieces byplayingnote rightreal away. Amazing progress at home, in THEATRE CANDY DISTRIBUTING CO.

spare time. No teacher. Few cents per lesson. 1,000,000 EM 4-3669

students! for Write FREE obligation. BOOK. No No 225 West So. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah call. salesman will U. Studio OF S. SCHOOL MUSIC,

1201, Port Washington, New York. (Est. 1898)

JANUARY 1962 57

NEW PRIESTHOOD ACTIVITY CARD MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD

RECORD OP MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD QUORUM MEMBER

D t Card Hll.d Out TO REFRESH YOUR MEMORY

Data of Priesthood Sealed in Birth now held..Married—Temple Member or

Wife's name Nonmember 1. This is a facsimile of the recChildren: No. Boys Ages No. Girls.Agesord of Melchizedek Priesthood

Type of employment quorum members.

Par Church experience. It has been used by quorum presiHobbies and recreation dencies to keep vital information

Date about quorum members Assigned to Active Mambar Assigned

Assignments (\/) Present Check and

M.l.A. Welfare Mlisigncry Other AlignedNol Genealogy QuorumProject! Teach.Word SundaySchool

This is the long familiar green card.

It is used bv ward bishoprics and welfare committees to record innamf.-ii HEAD.WFAUttT |3U ** fiMI) XKS5, "l'| 'hhl'l s l 8 1'l!H,o i n!'2 i'3 l i4 l i5 f formation concerning the welfare

INTACT HEn 50FPATESr* MayMmw TH t OK.MT, |TEl.EPHOl4E NO. KP (. program and its pvjrposes.

PABENT 2. Both forms are to be supplanted.

tPAHEWT—2—1. The Melchizedek Priesthood

3- card immediately.

5 2. The welfare card as the need

. 7 arises for a new card.

9 NAME OF OTHEHB IN THE HOME - (Theonce changeor the bishopmay bemaymadeconat tinue to use the green cards

Card Moves until the supply is exhausted.) RFfjinvai"duv WardForttartfird Memberbe WhenSiould Completely

sfiJp of ttembcf to PfesitlinsFilledto AnotherOut Biiliop'5antf Oiffce

U.l- tilwith CertificateJ [..i:i!llI(1H'K[ A I) FAMILY OWNSHOME

YS5 D SOD FAMILY ") PA 'i-r i,in o ""o MoE, *n "T"n *N-—

This is the new priesthood activity card. It takes the place of both of

illustrated above. cards the KFS to.M-r-i.J"A--iijrjAi CATION;:liw

that S [ 6 1 suggest quorums start 1 Z j 3 1 * | 7 | a | i 9 | 1I f L>W1 S I1 * 1b {Lie in3 *c#1.ISi 'PRESENTMA MEADDRESSOF Hf*OOF HAMILY (SUBHAHE FTft-t) UNLKHKVW1K-|. We

V ) now to use this card.

Wards may start now or when convenient to change over from the green cards.

THIS IS THE NEW PRIESTHOOD ACTIVITY CARD

How to obtain Order the quantity of cards DATE FILLED OUT you need from the PBO Supply

PHONE Department.

FMPI OYMFNT

Owner Partnei[; Employee [ | Shi ft. The cards are free Equipment/Tools Binders for these cards may be had:

Olrier Employment Skills

SEALED IN TEMPLE i '", OWNS HOMEr."! RENTS! 1 EDUCATION.

....$1.25 TALENTS cards holding 90 1. #14505

& RECREATION HOWES..$1.50 cards holding 135 #14510 EXPERIENCE. 2.NEW:&:-y:-?:—yy. y.y PAST CHURCH

Order by number from the Des- (Use pencil below here) PR E S t N f A S S IG NMEN TS eret Book Co., 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah, or the

Cgnsistant Family Program to get onto* debt and to provide lor sickness, injury or unemployment YESCj NOD PBO Supply Dept. Those who wish

ASSIGNED TO. DATE may use small file boxes, if they

have them.CARD

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD QUORUM REPORT

Reports, while not always popular, are necessary. By

(Original) progress. measurethem we

Commltte.)of Suke of measPriesthood(To Chairman had no wayIf we

urement, we should soon Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum Report incentive.lose know To

is to duplicate. report This be original is to made in The to sent be the chairman of the Stake Meltellthat report a the must chizedek Priesthood Committee, following immediately of the end each month. is to The duplicate copy

is ittruth that so obvious in for remain reference the book by presidency. the quorum

needs hardly be said. Figures which do not reflect

offacts are valueless. We ilReport of the. (Quorum Number) -Quorum

lustrate here some changes I High Priests, Seventies or Elders) made in the Melchizedek.Stake.

Priesthood report form for 1962 over those for 1961. For the month of., 19 Please notice the fine Number enrolled (Check figures with Ward Clerk. Do not include in this report anyone living

print. The total membership away from home for whom a pink membership record has been issued.)

of all includes your quorum attendance 2. Average at weekly Priesthood Meeting (Line 2 divided by line 1) ofthose record (Report Only) Actual Attendance for whom %

duplicatespink not have attendance 3. Average at Sacrament Meeting (Line 3 divided by line 1)been made. Clerk (Report The Ward Actual Attendance Only) %

tellwill the you names TO: of 4. ABSENT DUE forthose these pink whom deduct (Do not these figures from the enrollment in determining percentages in Items 2 and 3.)

cards have been issued.

(a) Full time Mission

This means what it says. (b) In Military Service

Only those are to be counted (c) Others living away from home present at these meetings who are actually present in (d) Other Church assignment at that hour their own ward. This is not 5. Those living away from home corresponded with during month

a comparison to increase at- (Letters should be written at least monthly.)

tendance; it is a statement 6. Number who have filled one or more Church Assignments during month....

of actual fact.

7. VISITS TO MEMBERS:

This accounts for those (a) Number of Annual Confidential visits made this year to date not present, if excused for; (b) Number of other visits by quorum or group officers this /month

any of the above reasons.

It does not change the fig- 8. Nu?St>er attending monthly quorum business meeting

ures in #1, 2, or 3, but 9. NumberTaf Quorum Presidency Council Meetings held during month

does explain why the average attendance is not higher.. Signed Signed.

Quorum President Quorum Secretary

Here is the figure explainAddress- ing a brotherly service you may perform. A letter should

be sent, monthly, to each man. In this case one is

sent, even if a pink card is issued and the man temporarily beyond your responsiof the file after the pink These need no explanation.

bility. The Melchizedek card is issued are to be kept Please send your report to the Stake

Priesthood Record cards alive insofar as letters to the Melchizedek Priesthood committee prompttemporarily filed in the back absent ones are concerned. ly after the last meeting of the month.

JANUARY 1962 59 INTERVIEWING BOYS

To every man called to be bishop, his hour of opporThe process of growth in a young man stimulates tunity has come, and fortune waits upon his doorstep. anxiety which tends to frustrate him. While being

The fortune of eternal life is the goal of the righteous, buffeted about in an attempt to compete in an adult and every bishop plays a chief role among the world, his own inadequacies convey to him the feelmembers of his ward in stimulating attainment of this ing that everyone resents his efforts. The bishop's

objective. He can be an architect in the life of every interview will help to reconcile and control these

boy in his ward through radiating his love for and frustrations, also stimulate his efforts towards study willingness to assist the young men to overcome life's and preparation for missionary service. The followuncertainties. The mission to help youth in their ing suggestions are to help the bishop to understand

journey through life, equipping them to find happiness the fundamentals of conducting an interview with and to gain eternal life, is a solemn duty. the boys of the Aaronic Priesthood.

In every stake there are some boys with problems The purpose of such an interview is to aid the which tend to frustrate them in adjusting to the bishop to gain a closeness with the young man, and standards and activities of the Church. They need as a result of friendship, establish in him a love for

love and encouragement from a person they can trust. proper conduct and high ideals of living. An interTo wait until boys are in trouble to become a friend view can involve one of three purposes. In our

is not the preventive medicine desired. Church, however, an interview will undoubtedly inThe bishop, as president of the Aaronic Priestvolve all three areas. These are: first, fact finding

hood, must not permit his schedule to become so or the securing of information; second, informing the

encumbered with organizational work as to limit his boy; and third, motivating him to pursue a course of

contact with the young men of the Aaronic Priesthood righteousness. The interview when properly conto a mere pat on the back as they walk down the ducted will have a profound influence for good upon

hall. The bishop has a paramount duty to counsel the boy's behavior.

with every boy holding the Aaronic Priesthood. Basically speaking, the process of conducting suc-

A regular interviewing program pursued by the cessful interviews will depend upon the bishop's interbishop will do wonders in helping to prevent the est in every boy. Because interviewing is not an exact

moral deterioration and collapse of a young man. It science, there are no rules requiring strict conformity.

will help avert the tragedy of becoming immoral, To help develop the art of interviewing, the suggeshelp prevent a wasted life, and help preclude a young tions in this booklet will assist in avoiding mistakes man's sense of values from being distorted. It and make your time and effort more productive.

will also help him from being forced to make im- A young man will readily sense your interest and mature decisions. love for him and will open up his heart proportionate

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

to his trust of your true motives. Cleverness, thereWARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

fore, will seldom deceive the boy, nor is it productive FOR FEBRUARY to attempt to intimidate him. Avoid creating the

atmosphere of an oldtime inquisition or to domineer SHARING THE GOSPEL the interview. Your immediate objective should be

to help him feel at ease and to have him open his "Nothing is so contagious as good example"is an heart in the shortest possible time. This is best adage having particular significance to the members

accomplished by being at ease yourself. Perhaps you of the Church of Jesus Christ. It is a responsibility of

may want to ask some questions that will enable him every person baptized into the Church to live an to show pride in his own accomplishments. Above all, exemplary life. As the Savior instructed in his sermon

encourage a friendly attitude. on the mount: "Let your light so shine before men,

It should be recognized that privacy is essential in that they may see your good works, and glorify your the process of having anyone open up his inner self. Father which is in heaven."(Matthew 5:16.)

An interview conducted where others can observe, Throughout the world many people have become even though they cannot hear, excites selfconscious- interested in the Church because of the friendship ness and caution, thus restricting a young man's and good example of a person who is already a memexpression. To insure privacy and confidence is imber. Members of the Church cannot escape the

perative for a successful interview. The inhibiting responsibility of sharing the gospel. In this new era

influence of other persons in the room seriously limits of missionary work, it is possible for everyone to refrankness and is not as conducive to mutual underceive that joy which passeth all understanding by standing as if the bishop were alone in a suitable sharing the gospel with his friends and associates.

place, protected by four walls. This gives the young The magnitude of this missionary effort seems to

man a feeling of safety from the ears and eyes stimulate recollection of Jesus'statment:

of others. "And again, this Gospel of the Kingdom shall be

The scheduling of interview appointments should preached in all the world, for a witness unto all nacall for some special consideration. With the bishop's tions, and then shall the end come, or the destruction

time becoming more and more concentrated with of the wicked;..."(Pearl of Great Price, Joseph

Church activity, he may be tempted to call the memSmith 1:31.)

bers of his Aaronic Priesthood over to the Church Considering the fact that every member of the some evening to assemble in the foyer while he invites Church has received the great blessing of Church them one at a time into his office to ask three or four membership as a direct result of missionary work standard questions. Utilizing this procedure he soon somewhere in the history of his family tree, the quesdiscovers that the first boys interviewed have briefed tion "How did you become a member of the Church?"

the rest of their friends, and they have prepared their continually stimulates a deep appreciation for the answers in advance of meeting the bishop. These life of a missionary who shared the gospel with a proanswers are the answers eveiy bishop hopes to hear genitor. After prearrangements with the missionaries

when he is talking to young people, but they do not or the bishops, these two golden questions, when always convey the true meaning or circumstances. asked by a member of the Church, will open a new

Time should be given to formulate some questions in vista of opportunity to those participating. The first

an organized form. Then, as the opportunities come, question is, "What do you know about Mormonism?"

he should receive his answers. Pie may think of two and the second question, "Would you like to know

lists of questions, one general and the other of a spemore?"This simple procedure has opened the door

cific nature. These questions should be developed for thousands to hear the gospel.

after analyzing the interest of the boy he is to interThe blessing of sharing the gospel will be yours to view. Hence, he should find out all he can about the extent that you accept the challenge of being

every boy prior to the interview. ( To be continued. a missionary.

JANUARY 1962 61

TODAY'S FAMILY / FLORENCE B. PINNOCK. EDITOR

WHEAT FOR MAN

January is a downto-earth month, no sitting high upon a pink cloud.

What could be more earthbound than bread? I've heard though that high

flyers, astronauts and such, welcome bread on long runs. Once when some

of us were flying high, 640 miles an hour over Chicago and surrounding territory at an altitude of 37,000 feet, bread appeared in the picture. Down

the aisle came trays filled with luscious food, and there right on a beautiful blue china plate lay a brown roll and a white roll. They seemed to say,

for good nutrition don't forget wheat!

Wheat is for man as the revelation in the 89th section of the Doctrine and Covenants explains. Our modern nutritionists advise the use of bread

and cereals made of enriched or whole grains to be Years ago I remember hearing a sweet little elderly used at least four times daily. This is simple to do woman say she always offered up a prayer as she

considering the many facets of this versatile grain. kneaded her dough so that the bread would be good,

Begin the day with a big bowl of whole wheat or and the materials she was using would not be wasted.

cracked wheat cereal. If you use your storage wheat, Those were pioneer days when every grain of wheat

soak it overnight in lukewarm water, then add milk was precious, but it still is a good idea today.

and a pinch of salt, and cook until it is tender. Nuts No French perfume can compare to the fragrance

or raisins add even more nutrition to this steaming of an oven full of baking bread. Memories of home

dish, and many people like to use honey as the are made of such stuff. Commercially made breads

sweetener. Toast made from whole wheat or enriched are usually so perfect looking that it is a real chalflour bread can be the number two dish to this four lenge to produce a loaf of bread at home as perfect

times daily food. Bran muffins, French toast, or bakin appearance. Become a real professional at bread

ing powder biscuits make a nice change of pace. and roll making. The texture of each slice of bread

Lunch time and sandwiches are synonymous, so for should be light, evenly formed, no huge tunnels or steppedup food value be sure whole wheat or enropey, glutinous streaks running through it. The

riched flour is used in the breads. descriptive word fluffy can apply to bread texture as

The other day I heard a woman say, "I've never well as cake. The color should be a harmony of

made a loaf of bread or a roll in my life,"and she creamy white and golden brown crusts for enriched seemed to be bragging. She doesn't know what she white bread and an appetizing brown with a darker

is missing. The kneading of dough can bring solace crust for whole wheat.

and a feeling of serenity to a person. It is so basicEven one hundred percent whole wheat flour does

all frills are absent. It's easy to let your mind wander not produce a black bread today. Loaves should be

in other directions while this kneading is in process, formed carefully, rounded on top and with no cracks and some real thinking can take place. in the crusts. Flavor also is important. There is no

place for a sour taste unless it is a V-k teaspoons salt regular sour dough bread. Good 6 tablespoons sugar

materials carefully put together pro- % cup molasses duce a delicious treat. The followVi cup shortening

ing are a few unusually fine recipes 6 cups of enriched white flour or for breads and rolls. There are five enough so the dough is quite

recipes using whole wheat or bran stiff and three made completely with enriched white flour. Dissolve the yeast cake in lukeThe first recipe is a repeat for warm water. Pour the boiling water

a delicious one hundred percent over the crumpled shredded wheat whole wheat bread. Never, as far biscuits. Add the salt, sugar,

as I know, has anyone who has used molasses, and shortening, then cool.

this recipe been disappointed in the When cool, add the dissolved yeast.

LETTERPRESS results.slices (it Cutdoes slicethe wellbreadif theintodoughthin dough.Stir in theLetflourstandto inmakea covereda fairlybowlstiff

is not allowed to get too light before until double in bulk. Remove to

baking) and toast and spread with floured board and knead well, form in wellplace into 2 loaves and butter. sweet cream with Serve PRESERVING rise let 1 to Vk loaf pans and greased of sauce, a dish of glass cold apple a PRIDE IN YOUR dein 400 oven hot hours. a Bake CRAFTSMANSHIP milk, of cheese. a slice and nippy

reduce then F. for grees 15 minutes This will Perfect make a supper fit for your

half F. for degrees to 350 heat the photoengraving favorite family.

plates time after an hour.

be achieved time can with craftsmen only Best Whole Wheat Bread Sometimes it is necessary to stir whose entire time and up a quick bread. Perhaps you have

skills are devoted to 1 yeast cake run out of bread on a holiday and plates. letterpress

% cup lukewarm water the family has to be fed. Stir up

1 tablespoon shortening this nut bread in a jiffy. It is deENGRAVING CO. 1 tablespoon honey licious with a large fruit salad.

1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 1 tablespoon molasses

1 tablespoon salt Quick Nut Brown Bread 3 cups milk, scalded 6 cups whole wheat flour IV3 cups sifted enriched white flour

Become Acquainted with % cup sugar

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Soften the yeast in the lukewarm 1 teaspoon soda water. Melt shortening and com- 1 teaspoon baking powder

bine with honey, molasses, salt, and 1 teaspoon salt scalded milk. Cool to lukewarm and IV3 cups whole wheat flour

walnuts cup chopped % mixture. the with yeast combine SHOPPER especially designed section order DIRECTmail A 1 grated orange rind tablespoon to flour place, information a soft about in enough together to Add one make bring

interest or usage. unusual items of quality 1 tablespoon grated lemon rind (for and knead it thoroughly to dough carry a guarantee advertised products All Vi cup molasses merwill refunded be when or satisfy at least money use extra flour 10 minutes),

chandise Improvementis returnedEra advertisingin an unusedis condition.carefully if needed. Shape into 2 loaves and Vz cup melted butter or margarine

milk cups relied upon. be and screened may loaf pans. in wellgreased We replace Let IV3

try ordering the products suggest spectfully you 1 egg beaten rise to in bulk not quite double the interest from find of you

DIRECT SHOPPER. (about 2 hours); whole wheat dough

Page 69 sours if allowed to rise too long. Sift together the first 5 ingredients,

Bake at 350 degrees F. for 1 hour add the liquids, then stir in the

and 10 minutes or until well done. whole wheat flour, nuts, and grated

SAVE BY MAIL This recipe makes 2 mediumsized rind. Pour into a large greased loaf

PAID FOUR loaves of bread. This bread freezes pan and bake at 350 degrees F. for

TIMES A YEAR very well. Just wrap it, when cold, about an hour or until well done

ACCOUNTS INSURED in aluminum foil and place in a plaswhen tested.

TO tic bag. Seal bag and store in

*1 0,000.00 freezer. Rolls are not only for women's

next time some you have men using shredded wheat as part the MUTUALAND LOAN ASSOCIATIONSAVINGS recipeFor a change of pace try this luncheons; try making Brownie rolls rolls perin to dinner. are a These flour. of the 335 EastPASADENAColorado Blvd., Pasadena, Calif. fect accompaniment to a tasty brown

ASSETS OVER S200 MILLION Cereal Bread pot roast.

Brownie Rolls 1 yeast cake The most economical food wrap Vi cup lukewarm water 1 cup shortening 2 cups boiling water 1 cup boiling water you can use! 2 large shredded wheat biscuits IV2 teaspoons salt

KITCHEIl CHARITl WAXED PAPER 64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 cup All Bran % cup sugar NEW LOW INDIVIDUAL INSURANCE RATES

Pour boiling water over other ingredients and stir until dissolved.

Cool to lukewarm. Combine with:

2 eggs beaten 2 yeast cakes 1 cup warm water PROTECTION FOR 6 cups white enriched flour

Mix together and knead well until dough is smooth and soft, place in greased bowl, cover, and let rise 2 hours. Knead lightly and mold into (Total First Year Cost at Age 35)

the Note comparable rise let until in double rolls and first low year costs in MINIMUM POLICY $50,000ANNUAL PREMIUM ONLY all in bulk. a hot at 425 oven brackets: Bake age

Total first year cost NO MAXIMUM IF YOU QUALIFY fifteen minutes. F. for This degrees Age

Protection $100,000 This sound new policy is guaranteedby-contract is versatile renewable to bedough and may 30 $281.00

formed into many different shapes. 40 $348.00 age 70 regardless of your physical condition or insurability when

It may be molded as a Parker House 50 $644.00 once in force. It is also guaranteed convertible before age 65.

roll, crescent roll, clover leaf roll, etc. Clip and send for complete information:!

Inquiry Our sweet tooth demands a cerPolicy Ownership Q New Agent

Name. roll attain kind of times. Here is ijeehive

for: recipean unusual Company of California - General Agents Address

State. City—Whole Wheat Siveeties 15965 Ventura Blvd. Encino, Calif. ST 3-0434

1 yeast cake xk cup lukewarm water V4 cup sugar 2 tablespoons melted butter or iiilBsHSv:.-

margarine DISTINCTIVE salt 1 teaspoon milk BINDINGS hot scalded 1 cup 1% cups whole wheat flour For a Permanent 1V2 cups white enriched flour Reference.

Dissolve the yeast in the lukewarm water. Add the sugar, butter, 12 issues of handand salt to the scalded milk. Cool. Ror

Stir in the softened yeast. Add the some covers only $3.30. All

flour and knead until smooth and orders should be accomin Place least minutes. 5satiny—at

panied with 12 Improvelet rise cover, and bowla greased until double in bulk. Knead lightly ment Eras and payment in

and roll out on a floured board to advance, plus postage for a rectangle 16 by 13 inches. Combine Vz cup of melted butter, 1 cup return mail.

of firmly packed brown sugar and % cup chopped nuts, sprinkle over These beautifully bound the dough. Roll as for a jelly roll. issues will be a

Cut into 1-inch pieces. Place cut priceless addition to

side down in wellbuttered muffin pans. Let rise in a warm place until your Library.

light. Bake at 350 degrees F. for

about 25 minutes. Cool a minute or

two and then turn pan upside down on a rack.

Breakfast isn't the favorite meal of many, and a different bread or roll The Improvement at this time of day can give a good morning touch. English muffins

50 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah JANUARY 1962 65 Music Co. can be made the day before and just 12 minutes. This recipe will make

327 BROADWAY IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO toasted at breakfast and served with 3 dozen biscuits.

THE WEST'S LARGEST a special jam.

last least is a never but Now MUSICAL MUSIC AND easiest for the best and the English Muffins recipe DISTRIBUTORMERCHANDISE bread. to white homemade make—

FOR ALL YOUR MUSICAL PROGRAM NEEDS 2 yeast cakes Two years ago I gave this recipe to it is of the Eras, and all brides in one Vz water lukewarm cup SOLOSSecu-STANDARD VOCAL recipe. still favorite bread my very 1 scalded milk cup Vocal Methods lar and Sacred

and Collections 2 tablespoons sugar

PIANO METHODS - SOLOS AND 1 tablespoon salt Mothers White Bread

FOLIOS Vz cup melted butter or margarine

ORGAN METHODS - SOLOS AND Vz cup cold water 4 tablespoons sugar

STUDIES about 6 cups of flour 4 tablespoons melted shortening

INSTRUMENTAL METHODS - Solos 4 teaspoons salt—Collections Dissolve the yeast in the warm 4 cups warm water

BAND METHODS & BOOKS water. Add sugar, salt, and butter 1 cup powdered milk

ORCHESTRA METHODS & BOOKS to the scalded milk. Cool by adding about 11 cups flour

CHORAL ARRANGEMENTS - SA - the Vz cup of cold water. When it 1 yeast cake or 1 package of granuSSA - SAB - SATB - TTBB - is lukewarm, add the yeast and lar yeast dissolved in xk cup

Sheets or Folios flour. Knead to make a smooth lukewarm water.

CANTATAS - MUSICAL PLAYS satiny dough. Place in a greased

and OPERA SCORES bowl, cover, and let rise until it is Combine all dry ingredients in

DICTIONARIES - THEORY AND double in bulk. Turn onto a floured a large bowl or pan. Stir in the

HARMONY BOOKS board; knead lightly, roll to % inch warm water and the dissolved yeast.

SEASONAL MUSIC - EASTER - thickness. Cut with biscuit cutter Knead (adding flour if needed) on

CHRISTMAS, ETC. and place each muffin on a cookie a floured surface for about 10 minMUSIC SENT ON TEN DAYS APPROVAL if sheet which has been sprinkled with utes. Place in a greased pan and

requested. corn meal. Sprinkle corn meal on cover. Let rise in a warm place, 82

ORDERS SHIPPED THE SAME DAY AS the top and let rise until double in degrees, until double in bulk. Knead

RECEIVED, ANY PLACE IN THE WORLD bulk. Bake about 10 minutes on again for about 2 minutes, put back

each side on an ungreased griddle in pan, cover, and let it double in which is moderately hot. Don't let bulk again. Turn out on board and

them brown too quickly or they will knead lightly for a minute, divide not be cooked through. When into 4 parts for loaves. Let rest for

SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS serving English muffins, always 10 minutes. Form into loaves and

with a present break open and serve hot, or if they put into greased loaf pans and let are cold, cut in half, butter, and rise again covered with a cloth in appreciated the yearround toast under broiler until brown. a warm place until doubled in bulk.

Delicious served with honey or Bake at 400 degrees F. for 10 mindegrees F. for about 40 more minTHE marmalade.A boy and a peanut butter sandutes and continue baking at 350

wich are never very far apart. Try utes. You can tell when the bread

is done if it shrinks from the sides IMPROVEMENT these peanut butter baking powder biscuits for a treat for one of your of the pan and sounds hollow when soft finger. with a For a or serve as a part of a salad tapped

of loaves with tops crust brush ERA boysluncheon.

butter after removing from the pans.

GIFT FOR AN IDEAL really To make use bread good

Peanut Butter Biscuits finest ingredients try don't to and ServiceBirthdays, Weddings, hurry along. the process Let it rise men, Missionaries, Friends, 4 cups sifted flour room. Kneading in a warm

New Members 1 teaspoon salt bread can be fun. Don't stop untilthe

2 tablespoons entirely baking powder your are hands free the from gift Lovely card sent Vi shortening cup is the satin dough and smooth dough in your name Vz butter cup peanut air just with surthe bubbles under

Send only $3.00 for about IVz cups milk face. This white bread may be

12 big issues to baked in many ways. Bread bisSift the dry ingredients and work cuits are delicious—soft in the center

The Improvement inAddthemilkshorteninga little andat apeanuttime stirringbutter. roundsand crispof ondoughthe outside.as big asBreakan egg,off

until a soft dough is formed. Knead form into balls and place in wellEra lightly and roll to % inch thickness buttered muffin tins, and let rise at

and cut with biscuit cutter. Bake least two hours or until very light.

50 North Main Street in a hot oven 450 degrees F. about Bake at 375 degrees F.

Salt Lake City 11, Utah

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BE A GREEN THUMB MAGICIAN BY KATHRYN M. WILSON

Fall and winter days needn't drag endlessly. Even the cloudiest, coldest ones can be brightened by growindoors. thingsing... rates a Bigelow on the floor rules for grow- A title on the door fundamental The

ing plants are simple and easily P.S. Moving up in business... or just moving in? You'll always get that

learned. The variety of plants is "sitting on top of the world"feeling when you have lush, plush Bigelows for

almost endless, and not all are excomfort and company. Special designs, colors and textures available. Call any

pensive. You can start many new Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept, 140 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.

plants from stems and leaves off the People who know... buy BIGELOW.

mother plant.

Plants that do not bear flowers need little or no sun. Some can be

grown successfully in plain water with an occasional snipping of the long roots. Blossoming plants need.%,

sunshine. Both kinds need water, v

and the simplest test is to feel the Billy Kidsoil. Water the plant when the soil

feels dry to your fingers. If you are a beginner, start with BOYSWEAR

the better known plants like ivy, philodendron, coleus, caladium, rubber plant, wandering Jew, or jade *rt plant. You will find them in most

variety stores, and friendly neighbors or relatives will often snip off available at department stems or leaves so you can start your own. Those mentioned are stores and boys'shops

all nonflowering and do well without sunlight. throughout the Rocky

The flowering plants most comeasiest to grow includemon and violets, Mountain region. African geranium,begonia,

Christmas cactus, and shamrock.

There are many others which you HORTEX MANUFACTURING CO. / EL PASO, TEXAS

will discover later.

Your plants do not need excessive, fussy care, unless you are going to a year times orchids. Severalraise

a spray under washinga gentle of orSeveralL.D.S. positionsChurch membersopen for toreturnedrepresentmissionariesthe Utah KeepEra binders.your Eras Availableby bindingnowthem forin Improvementonly $2.00.

warm water will freshen your Statethe AmericanAutomobileAutomobileAssociation,Association.affiliatedThe posiwith Send your check or money order to

plants. Leaves can be dusted gently tion may be open in your city. Write to Mr. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Blvd., Martin, Washington 3022 Utah or Ogden,

in 50 North Main Street City, 6th East, Salt Lake or contact 379 South person. Salt Lake City 11, Utah

JANUARY 1962 67.

Gives you the ultimate with a soft cloth or a pipe cleaner Last but not least, extend your in fingertip total which is fine for African violets and magic to include containers. Don't

geraniums. Occasionally you can be satisfied with ordinary clay pots

electric living now.. add a little fertilizer, which you to hold your plants. Try using

can purchase reasonably. Usually pretty cups, fragile glasses, goblets,

and for years to come. a teaspoon of the mixture to a quart old mugs, dainty eggcups, colored

of water is the amount to use, and bowls, bean or cheese pots, small about four waterings a year of the teapots, or cream pitchers. The

mixture will be sufficient. pineapple plant fits nicely in a china

To start new plants from the old, cup; the carrot top in an egg cup;

cut off a wellformed leafy stem, the grapefruit tree looks pretty in strip the bottom leaves, and keep a squat cheese pot. Raid your cupthe stem in water until roots form. board for little used china, and

Then plant in soil. Most plants strengthen the magic of your green

respond well to this treatment, thumb.

although African violets take more care. You can start them from a leaf

if you are careful to keep only the lower part of the stem in water and

When the future is allno part of the leaf itself. You can Retiring YWMIA General

electric, why buy anything do this by poking a hole through a Board piece of Saran wrap, or waxed but a Gold Medallion Home? paper, putting the stem through it (Continued from page 27)

and folding the paper holding the leaf over the rim of a glass of water. contribution to the YWMIA will long

It may take several attempts to be be remembered in the organization

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. successful. which they have helped develop into

it is in the Church auxiliary great the the mastered have After you Buy now from your dealer Saints. Latterday of Christ of Jesus of plants, you house fundamentals

can expand your experiments to Released with them were their produce still more beauty for your general board members who likewise well diligently and served have tulip or narcissus placing Try home. of wards stakes and the throughout in store in bowl; in gravel a bulbs

of these names The the Church. occawatering place, cool a dark,

sionally until a tip of green shows. board members follow. Ling- D. Helen Larson, Helena W. sunlight to have and remove Then B. Moana Anderson, P. wall, Norma are they before long bright flowers Ben- R. lone Benriion, Anne Bennett, outside. to and Crocus blossom due S. Lillian Lorraine Bowman, nion, the started lily can valley of be the Carol H. Brown, Amanda Boyce, J. or around January way, same Alice C. Child, Hortense H. Cannon, February. Christensen, Virginia Cutler, May

FOLDING If the budget is tight you can Green Davis, Jeanete H. Demars,

produce a few green plants from Carolyn Dunn, Elaine D. Dyer. PEDESTAL TABLES Slice about hand. E. Harberton Gladys have you H. Funk, Ruth Direct from factory savwhat

Allie of a carrot, off Howe, top Harvey, the place son, an inch Velma ing to Churches, Schools,. Clubs, Lodges all organiwatch Jacand Dorothy R. Jackson, part in water, the bottom Margaret

1 zations. 1962 MONROEand Lila of sweet Halves S. Jacobsen, ferns appear. obson, Florence Folding Banquet Tables are some

1 unmatched for quality, durapotatoes or yams can be treated the Jameson, Edythe C. Johnson, Pearl

bility, convenience and handsome appearance. sizes for same way and will produce long, B. Johnson, Clela B. Jorgensen, models and 94

every use. Write for climbing vines. A few grapefruit Marba C. Josephson, Betty J. Killsoil will of F. Kirk. pot in a Kathryn planted pack, seeds BIG FREE1962 CATALOG

Full pictures. line Color tables, chairs, MONROE miniature in Myrle Low, a Lohner, result F. Margrit

table trucks, platformrisers, porteventually and chair it G. tree. Dolores (Sometimes McDonald, Virginia -leafed H. shiny partitions. Write able today!

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa takes weeks for them to sprout... Merrill, Grace C. Milner, Caroline

but be patient.) For a spectacular E. Miner, Stella H. Oaks, Florence

plant slice the top from a pine- B. Pinnock, Merle P. Poulson, Irene

apple, about half inch below the H. Ricks, Joyce Roberts, Edith F.

leaves. Place the piece with leaves Shephred, LaRue M. Sneff, Hazel

IN USE for SEVENTYiivEEARS in a cup or bowl of water. The orig- A. Snow, Marie Stuart.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple inal leaves will gradually fall off, Lorna Tayler, Maxine Thomason, sore throat and other minor mouth rotting at the bottom, but a lovely Jane Thompson, Doris Unander, Lila new group will grow from the mid- B. Welch, H. Lynn Warner, VaLoris

and throat irritations. dle, making a plant that will last for Webb, Gladys D. Wight, Sara D.

many months. Change water often. Yates.

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City. Utah

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Service in the Lord's Kingdom Married to Junius M. Jackson in

the Salt Lake Temple, September ( Continued from page 27 15, 1931, they are the parents of one daughter and four sons: Marilyn THE

throw it out right after Christ- (Mrs. Truman F. Clawson); Richard;

mas. I guess it will be all right."Douglas on a mission to Great

Brother Romney reached into his Britain; John; and David. Elder

pocket and gave the man two dollars Jackson has recently been called to DIRECT SHOPPER for it. Then he stood on the corner, head the Genealogical Society of

waiting for the streetcar, with the the Church.

snow swirling around him and the One of Sister Jackson's most little tree tinkling in the wind. Almemorable experiences is connected

though he had to stand on the with the youth conference held in platform of the car because of the the mission field. For the culmintree, he knew that the family would ating Gold and Green Ball, the

have something to remember for young people made twentytwo

Christmas in addition to the peace, cherry trees which looked so beauticharity, and love that permeated the ful in the Cambridge Branch Rechearts of the members of that reation Hall that boys and girls family. from a local high school asked if

Sister Jackson is a wonderful they could use them afterwards.

homemaker and has as her hobbies Granted the privilege, the happy both sewing and cooking. She loves students decorated their school gym

the things of life beautiful their joy the trees. and has with But was

$1. 3 LABELS ADDRESS Any AND 1000 NAMEcontributed generously in bringing firevisiting shortlived some when adand Different ppd. Your Orders name $2

beauty into the lives of her family men told them they could not use dress printed on 1000 finest gummed labels.

and friends. the trees since they were not fireConveniently padded. Packed in FREE useful

She served with her husband, proofed. The saddened plight of checks,plastic "Giftbooks, Box."greetingUsefulcards, onrecords,stationery,etc.

Junius M. Jackson, who was presithe high school students did not last SPECIALSAVE MONEY! Any 3 Different Ordent of the New England Mission too long, for the firemen soon reders $2. Ideal Gift. Agree best buy of year

full. in LABELS, refunded money HANDY to 1959. 1955from She was July to proposition turned with a make, or

Calif. City, Culver Bldg., 1270 Jasperson ofpresident Relief the Society and will let us use those "If you Mormon

Primary Association and opened the trees when you've finished with door to member and nonmember them, we will fireproof them for alike. As mission mother she exyou free of charge."So the mistended a welcome to local ministers'sionary work was pushed forward

wives and through her hospitality by the twentytwo cherry trees won friends for the Church. In fact, which the young people of the New

one of the wives wrote Sister JackEngland Mission made for their son a letter, ending it with "God youth conference.

bless you and bless your Church."

Prior to the mission Sister Jackson Dorothy Porter Holt has served was on the general board, serving in the YWMIA for the past twenty in the Mia Maid department. Folyears in a ward capacity. She has GIVE HUMOROUS EXCHANGE CARDS. Fun to

lowing the mission she returned to been president in East Ensign, Engive. Fun to receive. Fun to exchange these 23

the general board, from which she sign Third, and Ensign Fourth as colorful cartoon cards picturing the changing was on a leave of absence, and was well as being Gleaner leader in both Girls'moods Classof girlsMembershipand women.card Alsoincluded.humorousSurappointed chairman of the Laurels. wards. She was Mia Maid leader prise your friends, please your relatives, and

Before her appointment to the genin the Ensign Fourth Ward when see the mail that results. An inexpensive gift

eral board Sister Jackson was a called to the general presidency of at Christmas time. $1.00 ppd. JEFFRY LYONS,

teacher in Primary, following her the YWMIA. She was awarded the Calif.Dept. E., 2617 S. Broadway, Los Angeles 7,

children's enrolment in that assoGolden Gleaner Award for the great ciation. She also served as Junior service she has rendered the youth

Gleaner ward leader in the Bonneof the Church. STAMP COLLECTOR'S BONANZA!

ville Ward. Interestingly enough, Moreover, Sister Holt has served WW W wyifW

it was Sister Jacobsen who followed more than twenty years as Relief flSKOSLOVENSl 1,700in Sister Jackson's footsteps as Society visiting teacher, carrying j teacher of this same group of girls messages of encouragement to the when Sister Jackson was called to older women of the wards in which I Genuine the general board. Sister Jackson she has resided. She also served in

Stamps in the a counselor Primary Yale of East the wardalso was Ensign jami presidency stake leader and and as on the a WardWard YWMIA Italy EnConsisting of fine collections frommember of the Bonneville Stake sign Stake Primary board.—Czechoslovakia—Belgium—Germany——HungaryBritish

board as Girls'Program chairman Married to A. Palmer Holt in the Empireon paper—asalsoreceiveda full quarterfrom convents,pound stampetc.—mixturea fine

collection Ghana's—for a time. Salt Lake Temple, June 29, 1932, general

catalogue value Representing first stamps—special—Getetc. $50.00

Acquainted offer for only $1.00. Other fine stamps

for your inspection will also be enclosed.

FRASEK CO., ERA, White Plains, N.Y.

JANUARY 1962 69

they are the parents of five children:

John Robert, now married, a graduate of the University of Utah, where he was student body president his senior year, and of Harvard. He is

residing in Minneapolis, Minnesota;

Thomas A. Holt, at the University

of Utah; and three daughters: Susan

at East High, Janet at Bryant Junior

High, and Nancy at Ensign Grade

School. Both sons completed missions in the Central Atlantic States.

Brother Holt has served in the bishopric and as bishop of East Ensign Ward as well as in the Ensign

Stake priesthood presidency. Currently he is president of the high

priests in Ensign Stake.

But no matter where it happens, The Salt Lake Tribune has someone there The story behind Sister Holt's to cover it, report it and shoot it at the speed of light directly into the editorial given name is interesting. She was

less than five pounds in weight office in Salt Lake City. That goes for pictures, too. Just look at the services when she was born. Her family

providing news for Tribune readers: Associated Press and A.P. Wirephoto—called her, because of her smallness,

people she Dot. grew up, As Reuters Worldwide Service—New York Times Service—Chicago Daily News Baby the from to call her Dorothy came

Service—Chicago Tribune Service—Dow Jones Business News—New York childhood nickname, and her given

News Service—United Press International—Plus a Tribune leased teletype name of Martha was not generally

she married, when Even known. service and more than TOO correspondents to cover the Intermountain Area. to see surprised was her husband

All in. fhe jfatt %kt iibwxt hercertificate.name Martha on the marriage

Sister Holt comes from two lines of pioneer ancestry. Charles Lambert who worked on the Nauvoo

Temple, was her grandfather; and

PorterAN OPEN LETTER... Sanford Porter, for whom

her was named, Utah, was build to that is proposing or a ville, group community Any is enalso greatgrandfather. She

of facility help experts HP&E. Our from team needs medical the of Daughter a titled to become substantial right savings. at very the provides guidance Why? anof her one because Mayflower planning, services. offers Research package Because HP&E that to on sailed America cestors local level, at design, construction architectural financing,

equipment, furnishings and management programs can be illustrious ship.

enlisted just as needed. Sister Holt's hobbies have been

Whether a 1,000 or 24bed hospital, a medical center or reading and sewing. She has served

convalescent home is desired, HP&E will tailormake a also as the hospitality chairman of program to your requirements. Call or write us today for the P-TA, and therefore we know

obligationfree literature and information. that cooking must also be a hobby.

The members of the general presiThomas G. Myers President dency of the newly appointed

Russell Thomas Vice President and Executive Architect YWMIA presidency are really wonderful leaders, organizers, and valiant members of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

They have expressed themselves as 4m being on the watch for problems of girls in this new and trying era, helping them adjust to situations which are currently appearing, and helping the young women develop their talents to become happy and ii 1 T l IWi effective homemakers. They are

INTERMOUNTAIN theiralso eagernativetotalentshave theand girlsuse themdevelopin

CO. The picture of the new generalHOSPITAL PLANNING & ENGINEERING the YWMIA.

411 SOUTH 4th EAST BOUNTIFUL, UTAH TELEPHONE AX 5-4844

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

board who will serve under the new For the Missionary..

presidency will be found on pages 3031.

\ S istinctive choice of programs to make the CHOICE farewell complete. The

missionary's photograph BY ALICE HARNISH included in folded program. "This coverlet"the dealer said, "is for 500 proof—$18.00

That means as good as new, unused. for moreand 85cor lessper than100 500

The date plus postage Is 1843. That other one's

Handwoven too, but you can see the The West's Finest wear Printers and Binders And soil, the fringe is torn."I visualized ''.."'K '

Two women of the past—a joyous Deseret

one Whose lovely things were carefully entombed News In bureau drawers, and one with zest for life Who savored what she had and did 33 RICHARDS ST.

not think EM 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Her best too good for every day. I

knew I'd cherish what she owned and Gold Ribbon Winner at the Nebraska State Fair ichat she was; suggests you try her

I could not live with things "too nice to use."White Potato Rolls

"I originated the recipe myself, and my family thinks

REGRETS AND RESOLUTIONS it's"Anda goodluckyone!"for me—thesays Mrs.judgesHaroldlikedGilmanit, too! ofIt Lincolnwon the

BY KAY CAMMER Gold Ribbon for me in the top yeast baking contest at Nebraska's State Fair. 1 think your family

will like my White Potato Rolls, too. But

What has happened to this near, be sure to use Fleischmann's Active Dry

That made it quickly disappear? Yeast—it's so fast and easy. Your baking

It started off serene and slow; turns out just right with Fleischmann's."

Where did March and April go?

/ WHITE POTATO ROLLS Makes 3 dozen

I knew that May and June would 1 V2V2 cupcupssugarmilk riseremainingin warmflour;place,mix freewell.fromCover;draft,let

salt tablespoons 2 flyuntil doubled, 45 min. about Punch

3 tablespoons half. divide in half each Fleischmann's down; CutBut what became of hot lulu? Margarine

Useful plans made for September 2 packagesYeast, activeor cakesdry orFleischmann'scompressed intohands18intopieces.a ropeRollabouteach6 inchespiece underlong;

Drifted into gay December. V2 cup very warm water tie each in loose knot. Place in well

1 egg greased 9-inch square pans, rolls 1 egg white touching. Cover; let rise in warm

A whole year lost—it can't return, Vi cup mashed potato place until doubled, about 45 minutes.

But now I'm wise enough to learn 6V2Scaldcupsmilk;siftedaddflour,sugar,aboutsalt and marBakefrom atpans;375 F.brush(mod.)with25margarine.min. Remove

How to use the year ahead; garine; cool to lukewarm. Sprinkle or

Fill days with good things done verycrumblewarmFleischmann'swater. Stir toYeastdissolve.into

instead. Add lukewarm milk mixture, egg and

egg white, mashed potato and 3 cups

V o—>asifted flour; beat untilANOTHERsmooth.FINE PRODUCTStir inOF. STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED /

JANUARY 1962 71 Reading good books is like having a conversation with the highly worthy persons of the past who wrote them; indeed, it is like having a prepared conversation

in which those persons disclose to us only their best thinking.—Descartes

Devotion is like the candle Michelangelo Once during a debate Douglas accused Lincoln of being used to take in his pasteboard cap, so as twofaced, but the railsplitter without hesitation calmly not to throw his shadow upon the work responded: "I leave it to my audience—if I had two faces,

in which he was engaged.—Phillips Brooks would I be wearing this one?"—Sunshine Magazine

A little boy sat before the fireplace stroking his new The horn of plenty is the one the kitten. The kitten began to purr loudly when guy behind you has on his car.

suddenly the boy jerked it roughly away from the hearth. "Can't you treat your new pet more gently?"

reprimanded the mother. "But, Mom, I had to Life is a journey, not a camp.

move it quick. Didn't you hear it start to boil?"—President Hugh B. Brown

Ignorance is when you don't know Many a man would tell his troubles to someone else if he did not anything, and somebody finds it out. have to wait for the other fellow to get through telling his first.

Employee: I've been here ten years, Sir, doing three men's work for one

man's money, and now I want a raise. Employer: I doot I can gie ye

that, but if ye'll tell me the names of the ither twa men I'll fire 'em.

Use the talent you have. The woods would be very silent

if no birds sang there except those who sang the best.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA t I I I THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I I MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO I SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS II I And that's a job that takes lots f of honey. Because so many

people eat so many Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams. Because

they're the graham crackers made with pure country honey and real graham flour. Extra

delicious and extra nutritious.

America's favorite betweenmeal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package. <

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

more can be obtained at substantial savings.

Many policies can have an "insured insurability"feature added, that will enable you to purchase more insurance in the future without new evidence of your insurability.

Is your Learn more about the features of new

Beneficial Life policies that mean more life insurance benefits for you. Call your local Beneficial

Beneficial? Life man soon.

For the young business executive on the BENEFICIAL IIFEway up, few plans can match Beneficial's

Commercial Whole Life plan. Insurance in

"economy package"amounts of $10,000 or Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

E16 2