S 1

1 I j m m iia il.Improvement L WtttMk Hfc-. --;. ij-.. 3P3. -lflMSflp*

fm wJmit Hezekiah's Tunnel Under the Holy City of Jerusalem

ae story page 4 Helps youth make decisions for lives of lasting happiness

**f mm Memo to our readers: The Voice of the Church

August 1967

For our cover story this month we reVolume 70, Number 8 turn to the Holy Land for what is to us a fascinating account that reaches back into history to the time of the

Prophet Isaiah and King Hezekiah (see story and pictures, pages 4 to 11). Special Features

The cover illustration is by artist Dale Editor's Page: The Love That Brought You to the Altar, President

Kilbourn, from a sketch by our art David 0. McKay

director, Ralph Reynolds. It pictures 4 Hezekiah's Tunnel, Doyle L. Green

the Prophet Isaiah (holding torch) and 12 Into the Valley of Death, T. R. Sturm

King Hezekiah deep in a tunnel under 18 The Era Asks: What Is the Church Doing for the Indian?

Jerusalem, watching an artisan put 22 Our Brother's Keeper, Dwane J. Sykes

the finishing touches on what has become known as the Siloam inscription, 54 Lest We Forget: Timbers From Wisconsin Pineries, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

which tells the story of the digging of the tunnel. Photographs on pages 8 Regular Features

and 9 served as guides for the artists. 32 Best of Movies, Howard Pearson

Events of the past two months have given added interest and importance to 49, 50, 64, 75 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

this feature, which has been in the 56 LDS Scene planning stage since last summer. 60 Teaching: Teaching Is a Touching Business (Part 2), Neil J. Flinders

When our trip was made and the 67 Melchizedek Priesthood: The Welfare Program, President N. Eldon

photographs were taken, this section of Tanner

Jerusalem was a part of the country 68 Presiding Bishopric's Page: Some Challenges for Leaders of Young

of Jordan. At this writing it has been Men

taken over by the Israelites in momen70 Today's Family: The Ten Best, Florence B. Pinnock

tous events reminiscent of numerous 73 The Church Moves On scenes from the past. Jerusalem has 74 Buffs and Rebuffs

been and is a much sought after and often captured city. We hope you will 76 TheseHomer Times:DurhamWar, Peace, Congress, and the U.S. Constitution, G.

enjoy this brief glimpse into its history.

Looking forward to the month of 80 End of an Era

November, we are pleased to announce to our readers that that issue will conEra of Youth tain individual color portraits of the 3348 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

23 General Authorities who were not featured last November—Patriarch to

the Church, Assistants to the Council Fiction, Poetry of the Twelve, First Council of the 26 My Kind of People, Sylvia Probst Young

Seventy, and Presiding Bishopric. Short 49, 50, 51, 52, 80 Poetry

biographies written by Era staff members will be included. It should be a

most valuable issue.

B. Pinnock,F. Price,Editor;Today'sStaffAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr,,MarionResearchD, Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof YouthJones Editor;Gabbott,ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd, EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. FlorenceGreen,NormanManaging Managing Editor DavidEleanorEra of 0.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor; T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans,

Verl ContributingF. Scott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A, Glen Snarr, Acting Business Jr.,FranklinGeneralDirector;S,Manager;Harris,ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans,S.Nibley,Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith,AssociateB. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner, G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerandSmith,Durham,Subscription

of Saints, of Improvement Latterday Superintendent. Mutual 1967, and by Men's the The Young General

of Jesusrights Latterday Christreserved. ofAll price. ChristAssociation Subscription Associations Jesus Church $3.00 of Mutual Improvement The

threeyear price; for years, to year, years, single subscriptions, 3 a a year,publishedcopy, year inexceptadvance; $8.25;of the each succeeding Saints.Church$2.50 added 2 $5.75; 35$

issues. multiplespecial Associations, Improvement Mutual Priesthood Official the Quorums, organ of

special at City, Office, of for for Salt rate matter. Utah, mailing as secondclass provided the postage at Lake Acceptance in section Entered 1103. System, and School Music Committee, Church Committee, Teaching Home

July 2, authorized 1918. act Post1917, Saints. of Latterday Christ of of agencies Jesus Church The other

for is for contributions. unsolicited but paid not responsible are manuscripts on acceptance and Manuscripts must ofImprovementOctober The welcomes be sufficientEra return. delivery by for and accompanied postage

slip of of notice include days'a recent issue required ordering please address. the magazine. a address from Address ischange, Era, well Salt State, City, changeold the included. unless forthe cannot be address one Improvement Thirtychanges new as Whenas Lake South Utah 84111 madeis 79 The

August 1967 Posed by Craig and Mardean Merrill, Philadelphia Photo by Lorin Wiggins

Improvement Era

TThe Love That Brought to the

By President David 0. McKay

I believe that too many couples who come to the The third ideal is that simple little virtue of altar of marriage look upon the marriage ceremony courtesy with your children. Next to eternal life,

as the end of courtship. Let all young people and the most precious gift our Father in heaven can

older people in the Church look upon that ceremony bestow upon a man and woman is children. There

as the beginning of an eternal courtship. Let us not are three fundamental things to which every child

forget that during the burdens of home life, tender is entitled: a respected name, a sense of security,

words of appreciation and courteous acts are even and opportunities for development. The home is the

more appreciated than during those sweet months very center of all this. It is there that a child

of courtship. develops the confidence and strength that spring

It is after the ceremony, during the trials that daily from selfcontrol. It is there that the child learns

arise in the home, that a word of thank you, pardon respect for the rights of others. It is in a welldirected

me, or if you please contributes to the perpetuation of parental home that men and women first develop a that love that brought you to the altar. consciousness that true happiness lies in conforming

It is well to keep in mind three great ideals that one's life to the laws of nature and to the rules of contribute to happiness after the marriage ceremony. social conduct. When parents show courtesy to their

The first is loyalty. You have no right, husband, children, and children are courteous to father and

to yield to the attention of any woman other than mother, there is an element of refinement in the your sweet wife. And wife, your duty is to your home.

husband. Together you are an invincible team Loyalty, selfcontrol, courtesy!

making a home. Always exercise loyalty to the great It behooves us all—small children, youth, parents,

covenant made at the altar! both young and those who are still youthful in outThe second ideal is selfcontrol. Little things may look—to get the most and best of life, the sweetest,

happen that annoy you, and you may speak quickly, the happiest life. We are all entitled to it, but the

sharply, loudly, and wound the other's heart. I world makes the mistake of thinking that the best

know of no virtue that helps to contribute to the and sweetest life comes from yielding to our animal happiness and peace of a home more than the great passions and tendencies. This is not true.

quality of selfcontrol in speech. Refrain from saying The best and sweetest life indeed comes from

the sharp word that comes to your mind if you are obedience to the spiritual values, the aesthetic things, wounded, or if you see something that offends you. the beautiful things of life. The best and sweetest life

Remember that in a few minutes you will be glad is the life lived in harmony with the revealed word of you did not say the harsh word our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.

and that you did not commit That is my testimony to you, the impulsive act. The result The Editor's Page and I invite you to prove it for

is love and peace in the home. yourself. O

August 1967 By Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor

Underneath the holy city of Jerusalem are a number the plains city of Hebron, 20 miles to the south. (See

of subterranean passages and other excavations that 2 Sam. 5:6-9.)

have played important roles in the long and. kaleidoOne answer to these questions obviously lies in

scopic history of that ancient city. One of these is the advantage of fortification afforded by a hilltop

known as Hezekiah's Tunnel, or the tunnel of Siloam. site. The east wall of Jerusalem is built along the

It conveys water from the famed spring of Gihon, top of the slope leading up from the Kidron Valley, also called the Fountain of the Virgin, to the pool of or the Valley Jehoshaphat ("the valley of the judgSiloam. The story of the digging of this ancient ment of Jehovah"). Historians tell us that in ancient

tunnel and of the circumstances surrounding it is times a rather deep impression called the Tyropoeon fascinating to anyone interested in the people and Valley joined the Kidron Valley from the northwest.

times of the Old Testament. On the hill Ophel between the two valleys was

When one first stands on the Mount of Olives and situated the early city. These steep hills made somelooks across the Kidron Valley at Jerusalem, built as what of a natural stronghold. Then, when the great

it is on the tops of the desert hills of Judea, he is walls were built, the early peoples had a fortification likely to wonder why the ancient peoples chose this that could and did on many occasions withstand the location for their city, which was called Jebus by the onslaught of large armies.

Amorites and Salem in the time of Abraham and There was another important consideration in

Melchizedek. He may also be puzzled as to why the building the city here. This reason had to do with

shepherd king, David, captured the city a thousand one of the essential elements of life—water. Except

years before Christ and moved his capital to it from for the unfailing waters of the spring of Gihon, located

Improvement Era

:%:..

MOUNT OF OLIVES

DOME OF THE ROCK KIQRON VALLEY

TEMPLE AREA f/y.* m

\-:-f PRESENT DAY WALL N SPRING

EKtAH'S NEL

Map drawing by Maurice Scanlon

section the of view of southeast taken Presentday of the slope west side the Kidronpartway up onTUNNthe with the ridge south from sketch (compare accompanying The Jerusalem,Q ). cityValley, the never founders perhaps have would of picture the Olives. the of along top Kidron is the Mount The

selected this location. Historians say that the spring Valley runs northward (from the bottom righthand corner of the

photograph), between the Mount of Olives and the east wall of the provided water for Jerusalem as far back as 3000 B.C. city. The City of David occupied what was the hill Ophel just over

Its waters flow out of a crack in the rocks at a rate the tops of the trees, from about the center to the left of the picture. This area was within the city wall in the time of Jesus.

reported to be some 250,000 gallons a day. It is first The City of David, as well as the city Jesus knew, lies buried

mentioned in the Bible in the first chapter of 1 Kings beneath the rubble of centuries. Hezekiah's tunnel runs under this

section of the city from the Kidron Valley to the Tyropoeon Valley.

in connection with the anointing of Solomon after

Adonijah had attempted to seize the throne:

"So Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and

Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, went down, and caused Solomon to the people of the city. The spring must have had

ride upon king David's mule, and brought him additional meaning to David, as it was through a to Gihon. gutter, or a shaft leading from the spring, that his

"And Zadok the priest took an horn of oil out of the men entered the city and captured it. (See 2 Sam.

tabernacle, and anointed Solomon. And they blew the 5:8.)

trumpet; and all the people said, God save king The Holy City has had other sources of supply

Solomon."(1 Kings 1:3839.) for this lifegiving liquid. Rain water is carefully

It is supposed that the spring was selected as the collected. King Solomon built great stone reservoirs

site for this ceremony because of its importance to south of Bethlehem, and an aqueduct brought water

August 1967 Photo by Clyde Olsen

from them into Jerusalem to help fill vast underthe Lord God of your fathers, and carry forth the ground cisterns hewed out of the rock. One of these filthiness out of the holy place.

cisterns, situated under the temple site, is 40 feet "Now it is in mine heart to make a covenant with deep and 200 feet in diameter. All together they are the Lord God of Israel, that his fierce wrath may

said to have a capacity of 10 million gallons. turn away from us."(2 Chron. 29:5, 10.)

But for our present purposes let us return to the Certainly the wrath of the Lord seemed to be upon spring of Gihon and go back in history to the time the people of Judah during the reign of wicked King of the prophet Isaiah, 700 years before the birth of Ahaz, for they were smitten in turn by armies of

Christ. Syria, Israel, and Edom. (See 2 Chron. 28:5, 17.) But

Hezekiah, a descendant of David, was king of Hezekiah freed Judah of the yoke of their captors:

Judah. Unlike King Ahaz, his father, who had made "He trusted in the Lord God of Israel; so that after

"molten images for Baalim"and burnt incense and him was none like him among all the kings of Judah, sacrificed his own children in the valley of Hinnom nor any that were before him.

(2 Chron. 28:1-4), King Hezekiah followed the ways "For he clave to the Lord, and departed not from

of the Lord and often sought and received divine following him, but kept his commandments, which guidance through Isaiah. During his reign the temthe Lord commanded Moses.

ple was repaired and reopened, the passover was "And the Lord was with him; and he prospered

kept again, and pagan altars were torn down. Speakwhithersoever he went forth: and he rebelled against

ing to the Levites, King Hezekiah had said, "... the king of Assyria, and served him not."(2 Kings

sanctify now yourselves, and sanctify the house of 18:5-7.)

Improvement Era

Because the spring Gihon rough,EmThirtyfour steps wide stone the from present lead down called also to the of Gihon, spring ground level the famed Founwas outside the city,

Virgin, tain of the of of Jesus. in honor the mother The life of

Jerusalem centered the of the Assyrians could cut off Jerusalem's waters of cool Gihon around for hundreds years. In earlier times the pool may have been near ground level. water supply.

These were troubled times for all the peoples of deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of the

Palestine. In the fourth year of Hezekiah's reign, hand of my fathers: how much less shall your God

Shalmaneser, king of Assyria, led his armies against deliver you out of mine hand?"(2 Chron. 32:11, 15.)

the northern kingdom of Israel and took many of the He also tempted the people with promises of a better people into captivity. life if they would cast their lot with him. (See

During the years that followed, the armies of Isaiah 36.

Assyria attacked the walled cities of Judah and capWhen these tactics proved ineffective, Sennacherib tured them one by one until 46 had fallen. The sent a letter to Hezekiah, demanding that he surgreat city of Jerusalem seemed to be doomed. Hezerender. Taking the letter first to Isaiah, then to the

kiah tried to make peace, and the new Assyrian king, temple, Hezekiah placed it before the Lord and asked

Sennacherib, demanded tribute. To try to meet his what should be done. Again the Lord spoke to

demands and keep peace, Hezekiah gave not only the Isaiah and told him to let the king know that He treasures from his own house, but also all of the had heard his prayer and would not permit the silver and gold from the temple, even removing the Assyrians to capture the city.

precious metal from the doors and pillars of the holy In the meantime Hezekiah had set about strengthenhouse. Still the Assyrian king threatened Jerusalem ing the fortifications of Jerusalem. One of his greatwith annihilation if the city did not surrender. In this est concerns must have been for the water supply. He

time of great trial Hezekiah turned to the Prophet realized that because the spring Gihon was outside

Isaiah for guidance and sent his servants to the the city wall, if the Assyrians attacked they could prophet to tell him of their plight. not only cut off the water supply from the city but

"And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say to could also use it for their own purposes.

your master, Thus saith the Lord, Be not afraid of the So Hezekiah called his "princes and his mighty words which thou hast heard, with which the servants men"together, and it was proposed that a tunnel be of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me. dug through the mountain from the spring in the

"Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall Kidron Valley to the Tyropoeon Valley so that the prehear a rumour, and shall return to his own land; and cious water from Gihon could be diverted into the city.

I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land."It was a bold and daring proposal, and one can

(2 Kings 19:6-7.) imagine the heated discussions that must have taken

With this assurance Hezekiah refused to give up place, especially when it was suggested that because the city. To his people he said: of the limited time two crews should start from

"Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor disopposite sides of the mountain and dig toward each mayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multiother. Were the calculations of the engineerscorrect?

tude that is with him: for there be more with us than Could they dig that far through solid rock with their

with him: crude tools? Would the two crews ever meet? Would

"With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is the they finish the tunnel in time? Could they engineer

Lord our God to help us, and to fight our battles...."it so the water would flow through?

(2Chron. 32: 7-8.) Hezekiah must have made the final decision, perSennacherib, however, was a master of intrigue; haps in consultation with Isaiah, and the word was

he sent men inside the city to try to influence the given to proceed with the project with all haste. In

people to turn against their king and surrender. The time the two crews did meet, the tunnel was finished,

message they bore was: the water was diverted through it into Jerusalem, and

"Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over the spring Gihon was covered over so that the yourselves to die by famine and by thirst, saying, The Assyrian armies could not find it.

Lord our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the We had read about Hezekiah's tunnel, but it had king of Assyria? never stirred our imagination until we had the oppor-

"Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you, nor tunity of exploring it with other members of a Brigham persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: Young University Bible Lands tour group in the

for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to summer of 1966. We had been told that the distance

August 1967 Photo by Oda Rasmjssen Photo by Ellis T. Rasmussen

| These two photographs were taken in opposite directions about halfway through the tunnel at the place where the two crews of workmen digging from both sides of the mountain may have met.

Note the difference in the height and width of the tunnel in the two pictures. It is supposed that the workmen coming from the

right were at a higher level than those coming from the left, so the floor of the tunnel had to be lowered many feet. Also note the

abrupt turn made by the tunnel in the picture on the left. These

photographs guided the artists in their rendering of the painting on the front cover. Shown in the pictures are members of a

Brigham Young University Bible Lands tour: Photo at right, Mrs.

Ellis T. (Oda) Rasmussen. Left photo, from right to left: Dr.

Ellis T. Rasmussen, Mrs. Doyle L. (Eivera C.) Green, and the author.

I The workmen of King Hezekiah dug 600 yards through solid rock to divert the waters of Gihon inside the city. Much of the tunnel is rough hewn. The configuration of the tunnel varies greatly.

through the tunnel was about 300 yards, or the length of three football fields. Our local guide had been

through it some years earlier and said we would have to be prepared to wade, as the water would be about a foot deep. Photo by Hanna Safieh

After obtaining candles, we descended the 34 wide stone steps leading down to the spring of Gihon, ence. The tunnel is not 300 yards long as we had

tested the cool waters with our toes, and stepped into been told, but almost 600 yards long, and our thin the pool to make our way over to the tunnel. It was candles were almost burned out by the time we

somewhat of a surprise and shock when the water reached the other end. As we inspected the tunnel

proved to be not a foot deep, but instead was deep we were amazed at the work that had gone into the enough to reach halfway between our knees and our undertaking by those ancient people. Every foot

hips. However, the water in the tunnel itself, for the of the tunnel is through solid rock. No braces of

most part, was well below our knees. Four of us any kind were used. The workmen's tools must have

were barefooted; only one of our party had foresight been crude picks and chisels and hammers. Surely

to bring along a pair of canvas shoes. they had no dynamite or drills as we have today.

The adventure turned out to be a fabulous experiCould more than one person at a time have worked in

8 Improvement Era the end of the narrow tunnels? All of the rock But at last we emerged from the passage into the

chippings must have been carried out in baskets on pool of Siloam. This is a spot in Jerusalem we hadn't

the shoulders of the workmen. Anyone who has ever visited before but had eagerly looked forward to

worked in a mine will wonder how fresh air was seeing, as it is a pool that is associated with an improvided. portant event in the ministry of the Savior. To this

We were awed by their engineering ability. As pool Jesus sent the man who had been blind from

the accompanying sketch shows, the tunnel has many birth to wash his eyes, after the Master had anointed twists and turns and is in the shape of a modified them with clay; and having done so, the man was

S. We speculated that it would have been difficult healed. (See John 9:1-7.)

enough for these people to have started at one end The pool itself is about 18 feet wide and 52 feet and to have dug their way through the mountain to long. It was a beehive of activity. A number of

a predetermined spot without the instruments and women were squatting on the rock bank washing knowledge that we have today, but the very thought clothes, a dozen or more children were swimming of their starting from both sides and meeting in the and bathing, and there were many spectators. Permiddle was so remarkable that we could hardly comhaps in earlier times the pool was closer to the level

prehend it. of the surrounding land; today it is some 30 feet

The tunnel varies greatly in shape and size, but below the surface and is approached only by a stone generally it is perhaps some 12 to 18 inches wide on stairway.

the bottom, and slopes out to three or sometimes four Considering the magnitude of the undertaking of feet. The walls, up to a height of about three feet, digging this tunnel and its importance in the history

of Jerusalem, it seems a little surprising that the writers of the Bible treat it in such a seemingly casual manner. The book of 2nd Chronicles reveals:

"This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon, and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David...."(2 Chron. 32:30.)

"And when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight against

Jerusalem, "He took counsel with his princes and his mighty men to stop the waters of the fountains which were without the city: and they did help him.

"So there was gathered much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the brook that ran through the midst of the land, saying, Why should the kings of Assyria come, and find much water?"

(2 Chron. 32:2-4.)

Second Kings makes only a brief reference to this great feat:

"And the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and all his might, and how he made a pool, and a conduit, and

Photo by Hanna Safieh brought water into the city, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?"

are coated a half inch or more with deposits from (2 Kings 20:20.)

the water. The tunnel ranges in height from perhaps The account of how the engineers and workmen of

six feet to as much as 15 or 20 feet in some places. King Hezekiah started on the tunnel from both ends

The bottom is relatively smooth all the way, but in and met deep in the mountain was not discovered some places rocks of varying sizes cover it, and it was until the year 1880. One day two young boys were

not surprising that some of our party emerged with playing in the pool of Siloam and dared each other bruised feet and bleeding toes. We were in the to go into the dark tunnel. Farther and farther

tunnel for over an hour; and as the candles burnt they went, without any light, cautiously feeling their

lower and we could not see the end because of the way with their hands along the sides. Some 300

curves, we bolstered our spirits by singing, "Come, yards inside the tunnel one of the boys felt a smoother

Come Ye Saints."surface on the wall, with what seemed to be some

August 1967. -iN. ri >* 9*

v

,m-J as* sv * 4A

Photo by Clyde Olsen

characters engraved into it. Emerging from the tunnel, out of the wall by robbers and taken out of the

he hurried to his teacher in the Boys'School of the country. It is now in the Museum of the Ancient

London Mission to the Jews and told of the experiOrient in Istanbul.

ence. They returned to the tunnel, supplied with It would have been most enlightening had the intorches, went into it, and confirmed the fortunate scription told why the tunnel was made in an S shape.

discovery. The now famous writing is known as the Much speculation has been indulged in concerning

Siloam inscription. Experts tell us that it is an examthis. It has been thought in the past that perhaps

ple of the oldest known Hebrew writing. It is tombs were in the way and the tunnel was curved

translated thus: to go around them. Nothing has been found, how-

"Behold the excavation. Now this is the history of ever, to substantiate this theory.

the excavation. While the excavators were still lifting There is a postscript that should be added to the

up the pick, each toward his neighbor, and while story of Hezekiah. So great was his faith and so good

there were yet three cubits to excavate, there was were his works that he received a blessing that probheard the voice of one man calling to his neighbor... ably few men have ever experienced. He became

and after that the excavators had struck pick against very ill; in fact, the scriptures say that "he was sick

pick, over against one another, the water flowed unto death,"insomuch that the Prophet Isaiah came from the spring to the pool for a distance of 1200 to him and suggested that he set his house in order, cubits."for he was going to die. But Hezekiah felt that his

One will search in vain for the inscription in the work was not finished. Perhaps the tunnel had not

tunnel today, since it has long since been chiseled yet been completed. Perhaps he knew that the peo10 Improvement Era

[The pool of Siloam is a public laundry, swimming pool, and bath house. Most of the water used for culinary purposes is pumped

from the spring of Gihon into the city. However, some women still

dip water from the pool and carry it on their heads in earthen jars or in five gallon gasoline cans through narrow streets to their homes.

D The Siloam inscription, which tells the story of the digging of the tunnel. Written in ancient Hebrew, it was chiseled into the wall.

D3 The waters of Gihon, after flowing 600 yards through the tunnel, flow into the pool of Siloam, which was inside the city wall in the times of Isaiah and Jesus. Jesus sent the man who was born

blind to this pool to bathe his eyes, which He had anointed with clay.

"Remember now, O Lord, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight...."

Through Isaiah, Hezekiah received the message, "Thus saith the Lord, the God of David thy father,

I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold,

I will add unto thy days fifteen years.

"And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this

city."(See Isa. 38:1-6; 2 Kings 20:1-6.) As a sign, the

Lord caused the sun to be moved ten degrees backwards. (See 2 Kings 20:8-11; Isa. 38:7-8.)

True to his promise, the Lord prolonged Hezekiah's life and protected the city of Jerusalem. The scriptures record:

"Then the angel of the Lord went forth, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians a hundred and fourscore and five thousand...."(Isa. 37:36.)

King Sennacherib never attacked the city, but soon left Palestine and returned to Ninneveh. Later two

of his own sons killed him with swords as he was worshiping his pagan god.

Perhaps one should not look for physical evidences pie needed his strength and leadership. to help substantiate the truthfulness of the scripIn his writings Antiquities of the Jeics, the Jewish tures. Nevertheless, such "proof"is interesting. Of

historian Flavius Josephus says: "Yet while he all the archaeological evidences of the Old Testament

[Hezekiah] was very zealous and diligent about the we have seen in our ventures through the Holy Land, worship of God, did he soon afterwards fall into a none seems to bring the scriptures closer or give severe distemper, insomuch that the physicians them more meaning and reality than does Hezekiah's despaired of him, and expected no good issue of his tunnel. The city of David itself has been changed,

sickness, as neither did his friends: and besides the destroyed, and rebuilt numerous times over the years.

distemper itself, there was a very melancholy circumPerhaps none of the buildings that Isaiah or Hezestance that disordered the king, which was the conkiah knew remain. The Tyropoeon Valley has been

sideration that he was childless, and was going to die, filled in with 30 to 60 feet of debris, the Kidron Valley and leave his house and his government without a is not as deep as it was, the level of most of the city successor of his own body; so he was troubled at the itself is some 25 to 30 feet higher than it was in former

thoughts of this his condition, and lamented himself, times. But this subterranean passage, built by the

and entreated of God that he would prolong his life workmen of King Hezekiah, and through which water for a little while till he had some children, and not has been flowing for 2,700 years, remains unchanged suffer him to depart this life before he was become a and helps to make the story of the Prophet Isaiah father."(P. 301.) and Hezekiah and their times come alive, and gives

The scriptures do not confirm this account, but in added meaning, significance, and realism to this part any event, Hezekiah prayed to the Lord, saying, of the Old Testament. O

August 1967 11 United States Air Force Photos

Maj. Bernard F. Fisher with Lt.

Co/. Wayne Myers, the man he

rescued from an airstrip near the

Cambodian border.Into the Valley of Death

By T. R. Strum Reprinted from The Airman, March 1967. Used with permission.

Even though a sudden snowhighest award a grateful nation Bernie Fisher also should have storm on the morning of January bestows on its heroes. died in the action for which he

19, 1967, forced President Lyndon As the President fastened the earned the medal. But the de-

B. Johnson to hold the special blue ribbon around the major's fiance of odds, laws of averages,

award ceremony inside the White neck, Fisher became the 48th U.S. and reasonable expectations in

House instead of on the south Air Force member (including Air times of war often produces heroes lawn as originally planned, the Force predecessor organizations) instead of dead men. And such

change neither surprised nor upto receive the award. He is the was the case in the incredible

set the man to be honored. fifth and the only living Air Force saga of Major Fisher, who cheated

He is accustomed to surprises; man to be awarded the medal since death in Vietnam on March 10,

to changing conditions, plans, and the Air Force became a separate 1966.

circumstances. His flexibility, as service. Four commissioned pilots As the citation to accompany

well as his skill and courage, conwere MOH recipients during the the award was read by The Hon.

tributed, in fact, to Maj. Bernard Korean war, and all four died in Harold Brown, Secretary of the

Francis Fisher's presence in the the action for which the award was Air Force, Lt. Col. Dafford Wayne

White House that day. made. Moreover, Major Fisher is Myers listened to the opening

For Major Fisher is a profesthe first Air Force man to get the sentence and stole a sidelong sional pilot in the United States medal for action in Vietnam. glance at Bernie Fisher.

Air Force, and he was about to By all odds, laws of averages, "... distinguished himself by

receive the Medal of Honor, the and reasonable expectation, Maj. conspicuous gallantry and intre12 Improvement Era

pidity..."(Myers always had man, Capt. Dennis Hague, were him I would have to put it down

trouble pronouncing that word) with them, and all four saw Bernie on the strip."

"... at the risk of his life above and Capt. Francisco (Paco) Vas- "During the battle, Major Fisher

and beyond the call of duty as an quez, flying wing for Bernie, observed a fellow airman crash-

A-1E pilot near A Shau, Republic coming in from Pleiku. land on the battletorn airstrip."

of Vietnam...."Nobody can remember how he It was the voice of the Air Force

"Well,"thought Myers, who is did it, exactly, but Fisher found a Secretary, snapping Myers back it was the same to the present, but sending Fisher,called "Jump"by his friends, "he hole—he says

sure was gallant and intrepid. And one he had used the day before still at rigid attention before the

there isn't any doubt about his and he and Paco led the other four President, back to that moment in risking his life!"in a loose string down through the time and space—a moment that

If Myers doesn't know, nobody clouds into the deadly valley. can never have an equal for those

does. He is the man Fisher They roared out at treetop level, who were caught up in its events.

rescued that day in the A Shau Valgetting their instructions on where Fisher remembered Myers'ley. And even in the peaceful to place their ordnance from a words, remarkably cool considerWhite House East Room, it wasn't radioman in the fort. They rocked ing the apparent hopelessness of

difficult for Jump Myers to visualize through a hail of lead toward the the situation. "Rog, I'll have to

said.—athe scenebulletriddenof almostvalleya yearswarmingbefore (Beforefort's souththe wall,day teemingended, with300 VC.VC hadput her down on the strip,"he

with 2,000 Viet Cong who had bodies hung on the barbed wire of Jump was only 200 feet off the overrun a small airstrip and were the south wall.) Lucas and Hague ground when he got hit. He was

attacking a Special Forces outpost; stayed north, orbiting in reserve, on the east side of the runway

the stinking, lousy weather that while Fisher led the string on the where there were some pretty hung over the "tube,"which is first pass, followed by Paco, heavy guns, so he just made a 180what they called the valley because Myers, and King. As they sped degree gliding turn. Because of

it was less than a mile wide, about straight down the tube, the VC the smoke and flame, Myers could six miles long, and lined with opened up. King took a burst of not see forward. Fisher, noting

ridges on which the VC had inautomatic weapons fire through this, "talked"him onto the strip, stalled more than 20 antiaircraft his canopy. Miraculously, he was actually running through the landpositions, to say nothing of the not hit, but the canopy was so ing check list with him. As Myers

hundreds of automatic weapons. shattered and clouded he was approached touchdown, Fisher

All of which meant you ducked forced to break off and return to noted he was going too fast.

down through an 8,000foot deck home base. "Raise the gear!"he said. Myers

of clouds with an 800foot ceiling Fisher, Vasquez, and Myers responded. His gear was coming

that occasionally dropped to 200 pressed on, hitting the south wall up as the A-1E settled on its belly.

feet (at least that day); scurried of the fort, then swinging around "He had tried to release his

straight along the valley floor beand going in again. On the second belly tank but couldn't, so it blew

cause it was too narrow to strafing attack, Jump Myers felt as soon as he touched,"Fisher maneuver; strafed and bombed his aircraft shudder. explained later. "A huge billow

out of a hard left turn the south "I've been hit by 50 calibers of flame went up, and the fuel wall of the outpost where the VC before,"he said later, "but this made a path right down to where had broken through; continued was something bigger, maybe the he stopped. He had skidded sevinto an unbelievable 180degree Chinese 37millimeter cannon. eral hundred feet before he spilled

turn; did it again; and again; and "Almost immediately the engine off to the right side of the runway.

again! started sputtering and cutting out, The flame just followed him right

Myers remembers that the acand then conked out for good. The on down, caught up with him, and

tion began when he and his wingcockpit filled with smoke. I got the A-1E turned into a huge ball

man, Capt. Hubert King, were on the radio and gave my call sign, of fire. I thought he would get

tooling in circles on top of the Surf 41, and said, 'I've been hit out right away—usually you can get right out and run—but heclouds over A Shau, trying to find and hit hard.'Hobo 51—that was

It seemed like an awfula hole in the clouds so they Bernie—came right back and said, didn't.

could get their A-lEs down inside 'Rog, you're on fire and burning long while. We estimated about 40

and help the troops at the fort. clear back past your tail.'I was seconds because I made almost

Capt. Jon Lucas and his wingway too low to bail out, so I told a 270degree turn around him."

August 1967 13 Fisher called Control, an airutes out, which was what he had smoke, so I kept the power on borne command post, and told said before. Bernie figured he until I could see what was on the

them Myers had gone down. He was just making a good guess. other side. I had a little too much

waited a few minutes and then Control then asked him if he would power on. Even though I pulled

told Control he didn't think the go back up through the hole in the it off and touched the gear to slow pilot was going to get out. He clouds where they had come down, down, I was too far down the runthought he was still in the airand escort the chopper in. way to stop."

plane, and hurt. (Myers could see "I don't think we could have Smoke was probably the least

nothing but flame from the cockdone it,"Bernie Fisher said. "If of the obstacles in Fisher's path.

pit, and had taken the time to we had gotten away from there, The VC had mortared the pierced remove his chute, gun, helmet, the VC would have been on him, steel planking runway, and the and survival gear so he could make because they were all around him. planking had turned up; there

it through the fire.) They controlled the areas but he were slivers of steel sticking up

"I continued my turn around on was pretty well concealed in the a foot or so—steel slivers that

the east side of the strip, and could shred the tires.

about that time Jump came out the "There was all kind of garbage right side of the airplane. I think on there,"Bernie continued.

the wind must have blown the "Metal that had blown over from flames away from the right side. the camp from some of the exploHe jumped out and ran, and it sions—tin roofs, buckets, and so

looked like he was burning. There forth. There were some barrels,

was smoke coming from him, but and somebody had dropped five or

I guess it was because he was so six 18inch-diameter rocket pods;

saturated with smoke in that cock- I hit a couple of these, but I didn't pit. He ran toward the end of the hit anything else.

wing, jumped off, and ran a short "I did a little dodging and weavdistance to the side of the strip."ing and got around the rest, but I

Fisher noted that there was a was too fast to stop. I knew I would

little embankment a couple of feet go off the end, so I just gave it the high along the strip, and Myers power and took it around again."

hid in the brush against the emElder Fisher, presently branch president of Bernie told Lucas that he would bankment. The enemy was on the justsHahn, cockpitGermany,microphone.serviceman's branch, admake a 180 and come back in

other side. As Fisher flew right from the other direction.

over the top of Myers, he saw him brush, so they hadn't gotten him.""I turned and touched down

look up and wave. Fisher then That's when Fisher told Conjust about the end of the runway.

knew Myers was still living, but trol that he was going to go in and I used all the brakes I could, but he didn't know how badly he was pick Myers up. the strip was only 2,500 feet long.

hurt. He so notified Control. He "They kind of discouraged it. I This is the only time I was scared,

asked how long it would be before know it really wasn't wise; it because it didn't look like I was

a rescue helicopter would arrive, wasn't a very good thing to do, but going to be able to stop. I just hit

and Control said it was on the way. it is one of those situations you the brakes as hard as I could and

He estimated arrival in 20 minutes. get into. You don't want to do it, pulled the flaps up, which gave

By then Lucas and Hague had but you've got to, because he's me a little more weight on the moved in. So that left four A-lEs part of the family; one of our peobrakes. I think I must have been

still airborne—Lucas, Hague, and ple. You know you have to get skidding on that steel planking. It

Paco, Bernie's wing man. They him out. was a little bit slick from the

were all giving Myers support by "I told Control I would land, and dampness. I actually went off the

strafing around the area, and were came right down on the approach. end of the runway a little ways.

at the same time keeping the fort's Paco, my wing man, was right There were a lot of 55gallon wall under fire. along with me, strafing. I was a drums sitting out in the weeds,

is, a little too and in my mind I was sure I would In about 10 minutes or so, little too hot—thatFisher called Control again and fast—and blowing smoke conhit them. My tail did when I

asked him where the chopper was. cealed the runway. When I got on turned, but the wing went right

He said it was still about 20 minfinal I had to fly through the over the tops of them."

u Improvement Era COVENANT RECORDINGS THE SOUND WAY TO CLIMB YOUR FAMILY TREE

i Complete with text. $9.95

X"**"THE NEW plus 40c postage / TESTAMENT 2 volume case [ere's a novel way to learn the ssmm18 8S principles that lead and practices

NEWTBTAM** to successful genealogical work.

$44.95 plus $1.25 postage 3 THE JOSEPH SMITH STORY

Album $3.98

plus 15c postage.

The majestic sound of the most beautiful Here is the sweep and majesty of work in the English language—the King the Restoration of the true Church

James Version of the sacred scriptures of through a humble New England the New Testament. Reverently and farm boy... a record showing the

tastefully produced. work of God through his great

prophet.

OUT OF THE

BOOKS, BEST YOUR AND YOU SINCE CUMORAH Sibley VOL.3 by Dr. Hugh

B. Bruce By Clark and CHILD'S WORLD K. Robert Thomas Dr. Elliot Landau by

$4.95 $2.95 Thisbringsscholarlyto LatterdayresearcherSaints $2.95postpaid anywhere in the world.

latest the the world and Vivid insight into Relief Society 1967/68 the the the evidence from Sea Dead of minds your children—Cultural Refinement Course of Scrolls that Book The

their thejr problems and text. this Orders uses be is a true work and Mormon behavior. filled in in the order willwhich is gospel the the that same

at received are they Deseret for yesterday, and todav starting exthe Book, from pected publication date of September 1st.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669

Please send me the following books12or records 3circled:4 6 8

includes appropriate which cost of postage $ purchase Total Heseret P A N COM Y Book 3'/2% ordering sales residents from also indicated, tax from, Utah and 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE MALL as AT AND COTTONWOOD

sales residents or for California tax ordering Salt from Orange. Lake, 4% CITY SALT LAKE

2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN Check/money order enclosed.

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Please charge my established account.

NAME: ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP.

D PLEASE SEND ME CHARGE ACCOUNT INFORMATION Era—August 67

Fisher then taxied about twoVC didn't know that!"Yet even while he commanded

thirds the length of the runway, As Fisher and the others left "A"Flight of the 319th, he looking for Myers. the valley, another flight of A-lEs earned the first of many awards.

"I knew about where he was, was on the way in. That afterOn two separate occasions while

and when I taxied by him he waved noon, 13 of the 17 Special Forces at Homestead, he successfully both arms vigorously. I stopped survivors evacuated the A Shau landed F-104s that had suffered

as soon as I could, but taxiing as camp. From one of them, several complete engine oil system failfast as I was, it must have taken days later, the pilots learned they ures. This is regularly a "bailout"

about 100 feet to stop. I waited had wiped out a whole company of situation in the F-104s, because of

just a moment, expecting him to VC along the east ridge. the severe thrust loss in the enbe right there with know, "It took all the pressure off the gine, coupled with the fact that me—you

right on the side. But he wasn't. east wall of the fort,"the survivor after oil failure the engine will op-

"I figured he must be hurt more said, "and enabled us to escape."erate for only four to five minutes.

"... Major Fisher's heroic agFisher earned the Air Defensethan I thought—maybe he couldn't

I set the gressiveness and selfless courage Command's "We Point With Pride"move or something—so

brakes on the bird and climbed in completing a daring rescue of a award for one of these incidents, over the right seat to get out on fellow airman in the face of overand the Air Medal for the other.

the side he was on. I looked whelming opposition are in keepFisher then took 12 eventful

through the mirror and saw two ing with the highest traditions of months out of his career in the Air beady little red eyes trying to the American fighting man, and Defense business. Eventful? Yes!

crawl up the back of the wing."reflect the highest credit upon Within the time period of July

Myers told reporters later that himself and the United States Air 1965 to June 1966, during which that was the fastest dash an old Force."he flew A-lEs out of Bien Hoa and

man of 46 ever made. Myers got That was it. But what are these Pleiku, South Vietnam, he earned

up on the wing and got his head highest traditions of the United six more Air Medals, the Disinside the cockpit. Fisher grabbed States Air Force? Courage alone? tinguished Flying Cross, the Silver

him by the seat of the pants and A daring indifference to one's own Star, and the Medal of Honor.

pulled him in head first right onto life, when the mission or the life The man himself? His personal

the floor of the airplane. of "one of the family"is at stake? life, beliefs, philosophy? Anything

"It was hard on his head but he Yes, and perhaps more. Perhaps there to provide a clue as to why

didn't complain."an ingrained or even acquired he did, and would probably do

According to Fisher, it was clear conviction that what this nation again, those things that resulted sailing from then on. The two airand its objectives stand for must in the award of the nation's highmen got out of there fast. Bernie prevail, if indeed there is any real est medal?

held the A-1E on the deck, after he hope for the future of mankind. He's a Mormon—member of

got flying speed, then whipped it There were many there at the The Church of Jesus Christ of up and out of the valley. White House on January 19, as Latterday Saints, and consequentWhen it was all over, neither well as many throughout the Air ly neither smokes, drinks (not even

Myers nor Fisher could say Force, who would evince no surcoffee), curses, or indulges in enough for the three pilots who prise that Maj. Bernie Fisher had other vices. He's married to a regsupported them while the rescue won the Medal of Honor. This, istered nurse, has five children, is

was taking place. Their accurate despite the fact he had spent his quiet, unassuming, dedicated to

ideals of Americanism, and,strafing and bombing was the entire U.S. Air Force career—ever the

primary factor contributing to the since he graduated from the Day more important, lives and defends success of the rescue. In the Fighter School at Tyndall AFB, them.

is a superb pilot, versatile,critical, final stages, when Bernie Florida, in 1953—in the Air DeHe

was pulling Jump in by the seat fense Command, where he flew facile, courageous. Currently, he

of his pants, Lucas, who a minsupersonic jet fighters. is flying F-102s with the 406th

ute before had his hydraulic sysIt was in 1965 that Bernie Fighter Interceptor Squadron at tem almost shot out, led Hague Fisher, who was then a flight comHahn Air Base, Germany.

and Vasquez in a "dry"pass over mander with the 319th Fighter Anything in that background to the"Winchester"—outenemy. All threeofaircraftordnance,were steadInterceptorAFB, SquadronFlorida, volunteeredat HomeequateMedal ofwithHonorthe qualificationswinner? We thinkof a

but, as Lucas pointed out, "The for duty in Vietnam. so! But be your own judge. O

16 Improvement Era 1. THE FAITH OF 2. THE CONSTITUTION 3. HIS SERVANTS

A SCIENTIST BY A THREAD SPEAK by Dr. Henry Eyring by Richard Vetterli Compiled by R. Wayne Shute

Eyring dramatically shows how true reliAmerica is passing through a period of grave This outstanding collection of excerpts from gion and true science can and do function in danger. Radical voices on every side sneer at B.Y.U. devotional services quotes all of the

complete harmony. The existence of a loving the basic ideals of our Constitution. God is General Authorities on a wide range of moral

and personal God offers a beneficial plan for dead. Our JudaicChristian heritage is outdated. and spiritual subjects. -Love, righteousness,

man's eternal progression that is consistent Collectivism is inevitable. This new book rejects faith, integrity, liberty, purpose in life, marwith scientific truth. This new book will strengththese alien cries and speaks out convincingly riage, education are only a few of the subjects

en the faith of all lovers of truth. to support the spiritual and moral principles discussed, inspiring reading for alt Latterday

upon which our Republic was founded. Saints.

Current Bookcraft Bestsellers ORDER BY MAIL

OR FROM YOUR 4. ACCORDING TO YOUR FAITH LOCAL L.D.S.

by Emma Marr Petersen BOOK DEALER

This exciting and faith promoting new L.D.S. novel is a truly

inspiring story based on morality and Christian ideals. Highly

recommended and rewarding reading for teenagers.

$2.25 BOOKCRAFT

1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send the following circled book(s) for which

I have enclosed check or money order in the amount 5. THE FOURTH THOUSAND YEARS

of$ 12 3 4 5 by W. Cleon Skousen

Name The third volume in Brother Skousen's best selling series on the Bible. "The Fourth Thousand Years"covers the dramatic Address

sweep of events from the time of David to Christ. Nearly City

pages. 900 $6.95 State, Zip

(Residents of Utah add 3%% sales tan.) B667

August 1967 17 Church Indian Committee in session: Elders A. Theodore Tuttle, LeGrand Richards, Stewart

A. Durrani, secretary, Spencer W. Kimball, chairman.

Photos by Kirt Olson Debra Charlie enrolls in placement plan.

The Era Asks What Is the Church Doing for the Indian? Debra receives good education in program.

An area of Church endeavor that is eliciting much enthusiasm and chal- 4. The Institute of American Inlenge for the future is the Church's worldwide work with our Lamanitedian Studies and Research, also at

Nephite or Indian brothers and sisters. Stewart A. Durrant, executive BYU, specializes in projects and

secretary of the Church Indian Committee, member of the Priesthood research of value to the Indian.

Missionary Committee, and former AlaskanCanadian Mission president, For example, the institute is presisQ—Thewell qualifiedIndiansto discussare sometimesthe Indian program.Church also has four specialized entlyIndian workingAgency ofwithMontanathe Crowon a

called "the forgotten people"of Indian programs that are consocio-economic survey to deterAmerica. What is your reaction to ducted by professional people: mine available manpower for inreli- Dakota have requested help from thisA—Iphrase?feel that he was forgotten in gram,1. Theor theIndiandaily orseminaryweekly produstry. Also, the Sioux of South

the past, particularly as far as opgious education classes provided the institute on an irrigation and portunities were concerned. As I by the Church to all schoolage reclamation project.

review the Indian history of the youth who are interested, acts as a past century, I see him exploited, starter program to build faith in Q—Generally the Church has felt

used, and driven from his native God within the Indian child. its mission was to give the gospel

lands into isolated and unfamiliar 2. The Indian student placement to mankind. This being the case,

areas where he has been almost program provides LDS Indian why have we gone beyond this in cut off from the main tides of youth between the ages of 8 and relation to the Indian?

progress. He has not had the op18 with cultural and educational A—Our motivation comes from

portunity to participate in educaadvantages while they live with such scriptures as these:

tion, public health protection, or foster nonIndian parents during "Wherefore, my beloved bretheconomic growth. During the past the school year. ren, thus saith our God: I will affew years conditions have changed, 3. The Indian education proflict thy seed by the hand of the

but he still has a lot of catching up gram at BYU offers Indian stuGentiles; nevertheless, I will soften

to do. dents full academic and spiritual the hearts of the Gentiles, that they

is The Church of Jesus hensive assistance to help insure..."(2 Ne. 10:18.) Q—What education and provides compreshall be like unto a father to them.

Christ of Latterday Saints doing their success at the university. "And after our seed is scattered

the Gen- A—Infor the additionIndian? to the regular proThislinguistic,assistancecultural,compensatesand economicfor themarvelousLord Godworkwillamongproceed to do a

grams and missionary endeavors of handicaps. Every effort is made to tiles, which shall be of great worth

the Church that are afforded all help Indians compete successfully unto our seed; wherefore, it is likpeoples, including the Indian, the in the nonIndian society. ened unto their being nourished by

18 Improvement Era Over 11,000 Indian youth participate in Church seminaries, growing spiritually. Home evening in one of many LDS Indian families.

the Gentiles and being carried in and Central and South America held daily; others are held weekly

their arms and upon their shoulamong the Indian population. or biweekly.

ders."(1 Ne. 22:8.) Presently, we have 25,000 U.S. and We also have a home seminary

Today, we are sensing more fully Canadian Indian Church members program in which the missionaries our responsibilities to our Indian and 139 Indian branches and enter the home and teach the enbrothers and sisters. We are bewards. The thrilling fact is that all tire family. Special filmstrips and

coming nursing fathers and mothwho work with them attest to stories have been developed that ers to them. We have gone beyond numerous inspirational experiences teach the family the gospel as it

merely presenting them the gospel, and report a near miraculous surge would be taught in a home teachbecause our Church leaders have of interest and success among the ing situation.

spoken of our extra duties to our Indians.

Lamanite brothers and sisters. Q—Why do you create special Q—Please discuss briefly the materials for the Indian?

Q—How extensive is the missionIndian seminary program. A—Because Indian students usuary work among Indians, and how A—We have Indian seminaries in ally do not have sufficient backas in Canada, with 50 fullChurch curriculum. Our regularA—Weis it coming?have two fulltime Indian 25wellstates of the United States as ground to comprehend the regular

missions: Southwest Indian Mistime personnel and over 300 misChurch lessons, assume that a child

sion and Northern Indian Mission. sionaries involved in teaching has been reared in an LDS home,

But perhaps many of us do not seminary classes. Our growth has which is not usually the case with

know that in almost all missions in been quite phenomenal in the past Indian youth. Therefore, we create

the United States and Canada five years, with nearly 11,000 stuspecial materials, using experiences where we have an Indian populadents enrolled this past year. Our in stories and pictures that would

tion, we also have missionaries program, however, is quite differbe common to the Indian child's working with Indians in a specialent from the nonIndian seminary background. These lessons are

ized proselyting program. For program. We provide classwork for proving to be very meaningful and

example, there are thousands of youth from 4 to 18 years of age. successful, and perhaps they will

Indians in Chicago, Denver, DalSpecial filmstrips, pictures, stories, yet have great potential even in las, San FranciscoOakland area, and other Indianoriented material nonIndian teaching.

and Los Angeles. In addition to have been developed for them.

over 500 fulltime missionaries, Many of these films and courses Q—What are the reasons for the

there are many stake missionaries have charming titles: "Freddie Indian student placement proworking with Indians. Additional Finder,""Benny Builder,"and gram?

missionaries are laboring in Mexico "Davy Doer."Some classes are A—The objective of the program

August 1967 19 is to provide educational, spiritual, taking place, and these last few they were doing the best thing for social, and cultural opportunities years have seen miraculous strides these people, but their programs in nonIndian community life for taken in the work among Indians. deprived the Indian of his developLatter-day Saint Indian children. There is a persistent effort by govment and, worst of all, of selfIt is felt that through the exemernment agencies as well as the respect and initiative. Also, in the

plary living of selected Latterday Church to lift the Indian to his past, whenever any land given to

Saint families, these Indian youth rightful place. It has taken years the Indians was wanted by nonwill be motivated to use their exto dispel the clouds of suspicion Indians for one economic reason or

periences for the benefit of thembetween the white man and the another, the governments someselves and their people. Indian. Perhaps the way is finally times moved the Indians elsewhere.

During this past school year, being opened for love and underFortunately, the governments are more than fifteen hundred Indian standing. pursuing more Christianlike polistudents, representing Indian cies with the Indians today and are

is the Church overcombecoming more interested in helptribes throughout the western Q—How

United States and Canada, particiing the obstacles that have limited ing them.

pated in the program. Foster parthe Indian's growth?

ents assume costs of caring for A—Proselyting and teaching meth- Q—In your opinion, what are the

the child. Beyond this, other peoods are being adapted to the needs of the Indian today?

ple give of their time to assure the Indian's needs. The general feeling A—The Indian needs to be undergrowth of the students. Many now is that we must reach their stood in terms of his background,

people contribute time as teachers hearts and cause the Indian to his way of life, and his aspirations.

of piano, remedial reading, and desire to make the change in his He needs to sense his duty to care other specialized subjects. life. Another major factor is the for his family and to perform his

marked change in the hearts of civic and Church responsibilities.

Q—What has been the success of Church members toward the InHe needs motivations to succeed,

the program? dian people. The Saints are dealing motivations strong enough to help

A-—Although the program is 12 with them in love and understandhim throw off his superstitions. He

years old, its success is increasingly ing more than ever before. The needs to be proud that he is an

apparent each year. Indian stuIndian's main problem has been Indian and to know of his great

dents of high caliber graduate from lack of education to assist him to destiny. He needs to know that he

high school through the program. A throw off the superstitions and is a son of God and to learn to

great majority of them go on to traditions that have shackled his appreciate and respond to all that posthigh school education, and growth. We have been blessed that statement means. And finally,

many serve missions. with the ability to begin the great we in the Church need to know

Q—Since 1830 the Church has educationIndians mustprocesspass. through which athatLatterdayour role Saint,is to nothelpremakemake himhim

worked with Indians. How would into a white man.

you evaluate our success since Q—How have the various governthat time? ments (Canada, U.S., and others) Q—What does the future hold forA—We've learned many times that viewed their Indian peoples, and the Indian?

we must have the proper teaching what are the trends for the future? A—As I travel through thematerials, geared to the Indian. A—This is a difficult question to Church, I am delighted with the

We've made the mistake of assumanswer. Both the Canadian and fine young Indian leadership that

ing that he understood what we U. S. governments have used so is developing. I feel the day is fast

were presenting, when he really many different policies in dealing approaching when "Jacob shall did not understand. Another error, with the Indians that they have flourish in the wilderness, and the

now corrected, is that we have not confused both Indians and nonLamanites shall blossom as the expected the Indian to perform in Indians. The conditions of the past rose."(D&C 49:24.)

the Church program as he should. have been pathetic. The United We will soon find Indians as

We've done things for him that he States and Canada have pursued a doctors, lawyers, engineers, busishould have done for himself. That policy of giving the Indian land nessmen—expert and respected in

is the principle of growth. Because and letting him go his own way, all manners of human endeavor.

of these and other factors, it is true which in reality kept him from Better than anyone else, Latterday that our success has been limited progressing and growing with Saints should recognize the inherin the past. But an awakening is society. The governments thought ent potential of the Indian. Our

20 Improvement Era "V*'*",

responsibility is to discover ways of releasing that potential for the What good of the Indian and of mankind. This will take love, patience,understanding, and faith, but sucdoes

cess is inevitable. Our work among

the Indians is just beginning.There are about 600,000 Indians silence S*Wr--

in the United States, 200,000 in

Canada, and 50 million Indians -*.. 'ifr - "N,.>>.. ''*%&&&% - -r—M"'jr -'**t..'TTSSqg*and mestizos in Mexico and Cenlook

tral and South America. May I end

by quoting Parley P. Pratt:

"The despised and degraded sonof the forest, who has wandered in ike? fe———Sw*

dejection and sorrow, and suffered rllSlSi reproach, shall then drop his disguise and stand forth in manly Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear of feet years. for years and Cordridgedignity, exclaim and to the Genhas Bigelow can or customcreate sound It absorbs floor and creates

...tiles of, 1 am a descendant suit the perfect serenity. to carpet every type of of hushed an atmosphere

that Joseph who was sold into Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

Egypt. You have hated me, and tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced

sold me, and thought I was dead; teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1 825.

to of today's the decorbut lo! I live and am heir to the handsomely

buildings. church new Mormon

inheritance, titles, honours, priestIts 100% Bigelow Approved conhood, scepter, crown, throne, and tinuous filament nylon pile is dense and Bigeloweternal life and dignity of my fathers, who live forever more.'

"He shall then be ordained, washed, anointed with holy oil, and arrayed in fine linen, even in the glorious and beautiful garments and royal robes of the high priesthood, which is after the order of the Son of God; and shall enter

into the congregation of the Lord, even into the Holy of Holies, there to be crowned with authority and power which shall never end."

(Writings of Parley P. Pratt, p. 9.)

Departure

By Thelma Ireland Read Lavor K. Chaffin's regular colWe sail out from Kobe's harbor; umn on "They're Your Schools"on the

Streamers still wave fond goodbye. Deseret News editorial pages. He specializes in school reporting. news In fact, heSea gulls convoy us through fog

does it so well that national educational banks organizations have cited him time and

Reddened by a sunset sky. again. Take notes, we're going to ask

It is sad to leave a port where questions later.

Orphaned ribbons ride the foam.

There is sadness in departure,

Even though we're going home. DESERET NEWS

August 1967 21 people in every thousand, are the American colony in Vigosa in

Latterday Saints. However, of the 1966, three, or 23 percent, were

AID American agricultural personMormons, two being with the Purnel in Brazil, at least ten percent due project and one with a comare active Latterday Saints. Some panion project supported by the

of these are young, highly trained Ford Foundation.

A"Imostyearsthreeago men,tists, topsand insometheirarefields.mature scienaidA programgood partisof accomplishedthe U.S. foreignby

I was visiting an agricultural experiIn another small interior town contracting capable American ormental station in a small town in where the main form of transportaganizations to carry out approthe interior of Brazil. I found mytion is the horse and buggy, where priate programs overseas. For such

self in a jeep riding out to look electricity is still a luxury, and agricultural contracts in Brazil, at some field plots with three where 20 to 30 of every 100 babies during the last year two of the complete strangers—all American die before they reach three years eight "chiefs of party"were memscientists who had come there inof age, Purdue University has a bers of the Church. On the largest

dependently to observe the work at team working on institutional decontract, 13 percent were Latterthis experimental farm. We soon velopment at the Rural University day Saints. Of the central USAID

learned that all four of us were of the State of Minas Gerais. This staff, 22 percent are Mormons.

university professors working on project in Vicosa, Brazil, is widely These figures are notably higher contract assignments with the acclaimed as a model because of than the one percent of Latterday

United States Agency for Internaits success over the past several Saints that would be expected from tional Development, or AID, the years in bringing about effective a crosssection of U.S. citizens.

organ of U.S. foreign aid and part university growth and develop- I have often asked myself during

of the Latin American Alliance for ment. And of the 13 families of the last three years why it is that

Progress. One was a horticulturist

from California, another a soils specialist the from Illinois, third a The author explores reasons specialist California, pasture from and I, an agronomist from Indiana. why so many Latterday Saints

We also found, much to our surprise, that three of us were Latterare involved in overseas day Saints. humanitarian work.

At the time I thought such an unusual concentration of members was merely an interesting happenstance, but I have since realized that this is not the case. Brazil,

because of its size and location, has the largest contingent of USAID agricultural personnel of any country in the world except Viet Nam. brothers

In the United States about one percent of the population, or ten

Ifyou give a man a fish.you have fed

such a disproportionate number of toward one another within the a downto-earth quality that helps

Latterday Saints are involved in Church. I believe this same them get close to the local people

technical foreign assistance work. philosophy of brotherly obligation with whom they are working. On

Just why are so many Mormons inextends effectively beyond our own the other hand, a Latterday Saint terested? I think that there are organizational ranks to our fellow may have to watch that his

several explanations. brothers and sisters of all mantendency for sectarian proselyting

At first glance, since many kind. We are taught that the Good zeal would not jeopardize the obLatter-day Saints have served Samaritans were not just a few anjectives of the official program that

foreign missions for the Church, cient individuals of biblical days, he is promoting. Ofttimes there is

perhaps more of them would have but that each of us is to be a already an inherently precarious the language capabilities that are so modernday Samaritan. imbalance of divergent ideas beimportant for success in this type Perhaps these aspects help extween the United States and naof work—in this case, Portuguese. plain why Latterday Saints are tional personnel.

However, on closer examination interested in foreign service, but Unfortunately, foreign assignthis doesn't appear to be a primary what about the administrators who ments of two to four years often reason, since only onefourth of the do the hiring and staffing for have been considered to be periods

Latterday Saints presently in foreign positions? What would be of negligible career value in the

Brazil with AID had served Church their reasons for recruiting or acprofessional progress of a presentmissions in Brazil. cepting such a large percentage of day U.S. scientist. For this reason,

Another reason perhaps could be our people? openings may sometimes go untraced to our belief that "the glory Much has been written about adfilled. Apparently Mormons have

of God is intelligence...."(D&C vantages of employing Latterday more of a willingness to take these

93:36.) Latterday Saints tend to Saints. In foreign work there are professional risks, perhaps in view

be oriented toward higher educaspecial additional considerations of of the personal satisfaction and tion, and such advanced training personal relations. The wife's and peace of mind that one gains from

is a required qualification for perfamily's attitudes are highly imtrying to make the world just a little sons in technical foreign assistance portant. The emphasis given in better place.

work. the Church to family harmony is In my own case, by seeking and

The historical pioneering spirit wellknown. The industrious Lataccepting an overseas assignment

of our people might also be a terday Saint wives may have less I twice had to make a decision confactor. tendency to become dissatisfied trary to the advice of many proHowever, I think the real and or bored in a foreign environment. fessional associates whom I hold

significant underlying explanation If boredom does set in there is no in a great deal of respect. Some

is simply that Latterday Saints tendency to turn to alcohol for conof these men warned me that in so have a tendency to care—a tendency solation, which is sometimes a doing I may be spinning my

to care about other people, about problem in the foreign service. A wheels, professionally, during a

the kind of life that other folks cleancut, nondrinking, nonsmok- critical stage of my career.

are living, about whether they go ing American apparently is conBut isn't this the same type of hungry or not, about whether they sidered to be an attractive emissary decision that has to be made with are healthy and happy or not. We of the United States of America. similar factors at stake when any

are taught that we are indeed our Though Latterday Saints may young elder considers going on a brother's keeper. The welfare sometimes tend to be a bit clannish mission for the Church or when an

plan exemplifies this obligation felt within their own groups, they have established businessman is called

Ifou teach him how

Dr. Dwane J. Sykes, assistant professor of agronomy at Purdue University,

Indiana, has been on the PurdueBrazil Technical Assistance Project in Brazil for three years. Because the nearest branch is five hours away, Brother and

Sister Sykes and their three sons conduct their own Sunday School, Primary, and sacrament meetings.

as a mission president? types of missions require a considThere are several similarities beerable amount of training. Both

tween a proselyting church mission require a commitment and a and a temporary assignment in belief in the principles and conforeign aid work. True, the sponcepts being advanced. Be it a

soring institutions are quite differproselyting mission for the Church ent. The message being carried or an assignment with the Peace

is quite dissimilar. The mission Corps or USAID or any number of

manual, the plan, and the tactics other private and governmental are not alike. In foreign assistance organizations, in order to be effecthe objectives are directed essentive it requires a certain amount of

tially toward temporal wellbeing, missionary zeal and a dedicated while in gospel proselyting the personal service toward the betterspiritual wellbeing is emphasized. ment of our fellowm&i.

Yet in many respects the overall Why are so many Latterday objective of both programs is to Saints involved in international convert and educate people to a service and assistance? Because we

more fruitful, meaningful, comforthave a tendency to care—to believe

able, and happy way of life. Both that we are our brother's keeper.

O

For full information on the Autoload 16 mm, filmstrip projectors, and other Bell & Howell equipment for use by wards and stakes, write to—

Deseret Book Companyto fish.ou have fed him for a lifetime. 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Please send me information on

Name

Address

City State Zip....

August Era 67

24 Improvement Era Stopping 16mm film to explain points in more detail is as easy as flipping a switch.

is everything else.So

The BELLHOWELL touch: a careful blending of versatility and simplicity in our Autoload 16mm projector

that lets a teacher teach at her own pace... in her

own way.

She can dwell on a point as long as necessary for more thorough instruction. She just flips a switch and

the Autoload stops on a single picture, with no loss of detail or clarity. This same feature lets her stop the

film and prompt students on what's important in upcoming scenes.

But there's more. The teacher has more time for

actual teaching because the Autoload threads itself...

completely.,. automatically. (Any student can handle

it after only minutes of instruction.) And the Autoload

easily backs up the film to repeat significant scenes.

Extra precision and care, That's the Bell & Howell touch that's made our Autoload the most widely used 16mm sound projector in school systems everywhere.

Your Bell & Howell AudioVisual representative welcomes your inquiries. Just mail this coupon,

The teacher can point out and emphasize details by stopping on a single picture. The image is always bright and sharp. Bell & Howell Company, Dept. AV1

7100 McCormick Road, Chicago, III, 60645

Gentlemen: I would like complete information on

your Autoload 16mm projector.

NameSchool Administrator Teacher D Other

School Address—

City.State..Zip.

El Bell Houjell "Know what I think?"Jeff came around the

corner of the house and lowered his lanky frame into a lawn chair beside Virginia.

"I think that old heap's had it. What we need, By Sylvia Probst Young

Mom, is a new car."

Virginia looked up from the pan of apricots she was pitting to smile at her tall, impulsive 17year- old son. "I agree, you know,"she assured him. "It's just a

little matter of finance."

Jeff grunted and reached for an apricot.

"You're a joy killer, Mom, a real joy killer. But

wouldn't it be nice if some of our Colorado relatives should decide to send me a birthday present in the form of a stack of green bills?"

Virginia laughed. "And what would you do with

it?""Now I'd say that was a silly question. You know

what I'd do—I'd buy me a car, brand new; then we

could get rid of this 1957 tub."

"Well, since that isn't likely to happen, how about you giving the lawn a turn?"

"Like I said before, you're a real joy killer, Mom.

You don't even give me time to dream—always figuring out something for me to do."

Slowly Jeff got to his feet, reached for another apricot, and started in the direction of the lawn mower.

As Virginia watched him mowing the lawn, her thoughts went back across the years. In some ways

the time had gone quickly, for it seemed only yesterday that he was a small, freckledfaced lad, and now he was taller than his father had been. She

wondered what Don would think of him if he could see him now.

I hope he'd think I had done a good job of raising him, she thought. Being both father and mother

hadn't been easy. Don had died when Jeff was five

years* old; and Virginia, feeling that it would be

easier to raise their son in a Mormon community rather than with Don's folks, who had no religious affiliations, had come back to Summerville. She and

Jeff had moved into her old family home, and she had found a job in the library.

Don's folks had remembered them on birthdays and

Christmas, and once or twice in the past twelve years they had stopped by en route to California. We live

in a different world, she had often told Jefr.

Preparing the fruit kept her so busy that she didn't hear the car drive up.

"Hey, Mom, look who's here!"Jeff called out.

Virginia, looking up, could hardly believe her eyes.

"Dell!"she cried. "What in the world are you doing

here?"

The big man laughed. "That's a fine greeting for

your husband's best brother. It's been a long time,"of Peopl

he said. "What is it, five years since I was here?

Jeff was a little kid then, and now look at him—tall as

I am, and a carbon copy of his dad!"

Same old Dell, loud and jovial, but Virginia had always liked his amiable ways. Middleaged and

graying, there was still a youthful boyishness about him. Don and he had been very much alike and had

been very close until Don joined the Church.

Although that had made somewhat of a difference in their relationship, they had always enjoyed each other's company.

"Tell me, what have you two been doing to keep out of mischief?"

"It's you folks who do things,"Virginia answered.

"Tell us about you and Margaret. Why didn't she

come with you?"

"Margaret flew out to California to visit her sister a couple of weeks ago, and I'm driving out to get her.

Oh, I could have flown out, but with this new car of mine I really enjoy the driving."

"I don't blame you!"Jeff exclaimed. "You should

see that car, Mom. I couldn't imagine who was

coming when I saw that beaut."

Dell grinned. "It's a pretty nice car, all right,"

he agreed, "but these days they all are—with everything automatic and air conditioned. Want to try it

out, Jeff? Come on, Virginia, see how you like it."

Jeff beamed as he slid under the steering wheel and started the big car.

The older man observed the boy's enthusiasm with satisfaction. "Like it?"

"You bet!"Jeff agreed. "Wouldn't it be great to

own something like this?"

"Perhaps you will someday,"Dell said. "Give yourself a few years for college. What are you, Jeffhigh school senior?"

"I graduated in May."

Dell shook his head. "How time flies. You and I

have a lot of catching up to do. Say, why don't you

ride out to California with me. Ever been there?"

"Why, no."Jeff's voice was filled with pleasant

surprise. "There's lots to see in California—Disneyland, the

beaches. We'd have a great time, and I'd really

appreciate a relief driver."He turned to Virginia.

"What do you think about it?"

Virginia looked at Jeff. He's on cloud nine, she

thought. "If Jeff would like to go,"she answered

aloud, "I think it would be fine."

"Jeff, how about it? What do you think?"

"Golly, I haven't had time to think, but it sounds

Illustrated by Tad Nagata great!"

August 1967 27 While Virginia prepared lunch, Jeff went upstairs "You know,"the older woman pointed out, "Jeff's to pack a bag. Dell sat on a kitchen stool and told almost a man now. You can't change that, and whather about his family and his work. Then he turned ever he decides to do you'll have to accept."

the conversation back to Jeff. "I know that,"Virginia answered, "and it worries

"You say he's graduated from high school?"me. Jeff's always been a good boy, never grumbling

She nodded. about things I couldn't afford to give him. But many

"Is he planning to go to college?"of the boys his age have good automobiles of their

"Yes, I think he'll go to Brigham Young University."own. I know he envies them; it's only natural. Don's

Dell suddenly became preoccupied, and Virginia brother is welloff. He could give Jeff things he's

silently finished setting the table. never had. It's a tempting offer."

A moment later Jeff came bounding down the "And suppose Jeff should decide to go to live with stairs, his eyes bright and his voice filled with enhis Uncle Dell. Would that be so bad?"

thusiasm. "Well, here I am, ready to go!""From a monetary point of view it would be fine,

Dell smiled his approval. "We're going to have a but I'm thinking of his spiritual wellbeing. Don's

good week."people live for just one thing—the pleasures of the

During lunch they talked mainly about cars and day. Dell has a mountain cabin, and they spend

sports and California. Dell was a born extrovert—Sundays fishing, boating, skiing—whatever the season

boy's man, too; so between Jeff and him there was an offers. That's what would worry me—that kind of

immediate closeness. temptation. I know that Jeff will have to go away

During dessert Dell turned the conversation back to school, but I'd rather he not be put in that kind of to school. environment."

"Your mother tells me you're going to college, Jeff. "Aren't you worrying prematurely?"Sister Millet

You'll be living away from home, I guess."asked. "There's no need to cross bridges ahead of

"Yes, it's too far to commute. But I'll come home time; you may never come to them."

most weekends."She was right, but Virginia wondered just how

"I understand you'll be going to BYU. You know, much influence Dell's pleasant, persuasive ways would

I've been thinking how nice it would be to have you have on Jeff.

come and spend the winter with us. We don't live The days went by slowly, but on Saturday there

more than a tenminute drive from Colorado U."was a card from California. Jeff wrote in brief,

His words startled Virginia. choppy sentences: "Having a grand time. Swimming

"You know,"he continued, "that was your dad's in the ocean is great. Wish you were here."

school, Jeff. It's a good one, too. If you stayed with Then it was Tuesday, and about noon the big car

us, you wouldn't have to spend a dime for room pulled up in front and Jeff came bounding in.

and board."He gave his mother a bearhug. "How's my best

Jeff gave a low whistle. "Say, this is a day of girl?"he teased.

surprises. I don't know what to say."Dell and Margaret followed them into the sunny

"Well, you don't have to decide anything today, kitchen. The travelers looked tanned and tired. While

you know,"Dell told him. "You think about it. they talked about the trip, Virginia gave them cold

We'd surely like to have you, because we need to get lemonade and cookies. Then Margaret, who seemed

better acquainted. Your dad and I were very close."restless, suggested that they'd better be on their way.

He rose from his chair. "Maybe we'd better get Dell put an arm on Jeff's shoulder. "We hope

going, Jeff. Thanks for lunch, Virginia, and for you'll decide to come to Colorado,"he said. "Let

letting me have this boy for a week. I'll bring him us know."

back about next Tuesday.""And now, tell me all about the trip,"Virginia said,

Jeff gave his mother a quick kiss. "See you soon,"after the relatives had gone.

he told her. "I could tell you in about three words,"Jeff beamed.

Virginia smiled warmly. She would miss him, but "It was fabulous. We had a great time. They're

she was glad that he could go. However, Dell's enreally swell people, Mom. All the way to California,

couraging Jeff to attend school in Colorado was to Dell told me about Dad's family, and how they'd like trouble her all through the coming days. to have me come and go to Colorado U. Do you

Later in the day Sister Millet, from across the street, know what? He even said he'd buy me a car if

came by to visit. Virginia told her about the hap- I'd come."

penings of the morning. She had always been able "My, that is quite an offer."

to talk to Sister Millet and always appreciated her "Yes. He and I just took to each other. He's never

wise observations. had a son—and the way he spends money!"

28 Improvement Era Virginia nodded. "And you, Jeff, do you want to do on Sunday, like fishing, hunting, or skiing, would

go?"be so appealing that with a little encouragement I'd

"I don't know, Mom. It isn't every day that I get probably soon forget to go to church and would go

an offer like that."along with them."

"No, it isn't,"she agreed. "But there are many "It would be easy,"she agreed.

things you'll have to think about before you can make "Funny thing, our Sunday School lesson was on your decision."this very thing yesterday. Brother Hastings pointed

He was immediately defensive. "I know what you're out that so often we walk right into temptation. I

going to say, Mom. They don't go to church and they guess that's what I'd be doing—walking into temptahave different standards—but that doesn't mean that tion. I tried to think how Dad would advise me.

I couldn't go to church, or that I'd have to adopt I prayed about it, too; and all at once the doubt was

their standards."gone, and I knew that I really wanted to stay here.

"Of course not, and I'm not trying to tell you what I guess it's because I'd rather be with my kind of to do, Jeff. That must be your decision. But I do people.

know that it isn't always easy to be different when "So,"he concluded, "I'll go to the BYU like we temptation comes along. When your father joined the planned, and I guess we'll make it."

Church, he became the different one in his family. He She put a hand on his shoulder, and her eyes were

couldn't participate in many of the family activities suddenly misty. "Of course we'll make it,"she said

after that. His Sundays were worship days, and theirs softly. "We always have."O

were holidays. He had to choose the way of the

Church or the way of his family. Because the Church decisionsSylvia P. Youngthat boysis wellface.qualifiedShe is toa writeMidvale,fictionUtah,aboutschoolthe

was more important, he chose it."teacher, mother of four boys, and Sunday School Gospel

"But he and his folks still visited and liked each Doctrine teacher.

other.""True, but they didn't enjoy quite the same closeness as before. You have to be a participating member of a group, or you just don't belong. But you

don't have to decide today."

The days went by with nothing more said about college plans, but it seemed to Virginia that Jeff had suddenly become moody and preoccupied—so different from his usual jovial self. I guess I pray more

about him now than I ever have, she thought.

And then one Monday morning things were suddenly 'clifferent. Jeff came running down the stairs,

his head up, his eyes bright.

"Well, Mom, I know what I'm going to do,"he announced. "I wrote Uncle Dell this morning to tell

him that I'm not going to live with them."

Virginia kept her voice casual, but she felt as if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders. "What

made you decide?"

"Oh, I've done lots of thinking. Everytime I try

to decide what to do, I remember that Sunday in

California. 'Let's go to Disneyland today,'Dell had

said. T know your Mom wouldn't approve, but I think

Sunday's a day for a little fun, so I guess it won't hurt you this once. You can always go to church

when you can't go with us.'

"And you know, Mom, it sounded lots more interesting than Church."

Virginia smiled. "Temptation in shining armor,"

she answered.

He nodded. "I got to thinking that it would be

that way if I lived with them. All the things they

August 1967 29 i -'iSi;i::.: ':.

a

:0M::M-;M-;M

m& AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

#*>#? y 14, 4

m iiiii'''

**S1 2M 5bl 8 JTOHH I GRQSSPIETSCH 01 68 mm

. '..."..:'.::

::::'& s% -::::-.:,- ''-:

You expect more from American and you get it!'*

Super tread. Super terms.

Super Tire.

The Amoco 120 Super Tire was engineered for us by a group of the tire industry's leading scientists to go with our slogan.

The tread, for instance, is 20% deeper and 13% wider than most newcar tires, to give you up to 40% longer wear.

Buy a set of four, and have up to 12 months to pay with your American Oil credit card.

Or ask for Instant Credit.

"You expect more from American—and you get it!"1

The American Oil Company, 1967. World's largest distributor of Atlas Tires

*Trademark. Trademark "Atlas"Reg. U.S. Pat. Off., Atlas Supply Company

Best of Movies By Howard Pearson

Thoroughly Modern Millie, Other films that adults and which stars Julie Andrews, is a mature young people should enjoy thoroughly enjoyable picture for this summer are Up the Down moviegoers of all ages. It's a comStaircase, starring Sandy Dennis as

in an underMEXICO bination of melodrama, slapstick, a young schoolteacher

Air: Leaves October 6; Returns 14 & 20 farce, and plain fun. privileged school in New York;

The film has music, intrigue, a Caprice, a slick industrial spy

HAWAII chase, fireworks, beautiful cosdrama, starring Doris Day; How

13 September 1 October a lot of with suspense tumes, and to Succeed in Business Without November 17 28 December it laughs. Miss Besides Andrews, Really Trying, based on the happy

play; All for Broadway A Man TOUR TEMPLE stars Carol Channing and Mary

23 Tyler Moore, along with James Fox October year; picture of the Seasons, best

and John Gavin. Beatrice Lillie is

NEW ENGLAND Fall Foliage also featured. and The Bible, based on the first

September part of the Old Testament, through Set in the 1920's, the film feaFor all travel and ticketing arrangements tures costumes that seem almost the story of Abraham.

modern. Many moviegoers will There are several pictures this

recall that dresses of the "flapper summer suitable for the entire <&T TRAVEL INC. '!& era"were about the same length family. Included are Africa—Texas

110 East 2nd South k Salt Lake City, Utah. as today's miniskirts. The costume Style, a sort of Daktari and Hatari

'1 485'designing has been done in such combined; Brighty of Grand CanOgden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136 a way that the dresses seem like yon, which features the adventures

Logan 2456584 Idaho Falls, 5222581 updated styles of the 1920's. of a wild burro in the Grand

Mesa 9645283 Thoroughly Modern Millie is Canyon and has many other wild laid against the backdrop of the animals of the area; Walt Disney's

TREEOF-LIFE early 1920's. Everything is done reissues, Snow White and the Seven

STONE opera tonguein-cheek and comic Professor, AbsentMinded Dwarfs,Decorative Plaque hus- a style. plays Miss Andrews Fastest Son The and of Flubber; toolMissionary lives secretary bandhunting who

Alive, of story Guitar Confederate aid Teaching for in hotel women. York a New

soldiers a traveling mediuse rescaledAuthentic who productions of the Unknown to her, the proprietress of Life"or"Tree (Stella"Lehi Stone"5, Izapa). This scripture in store, is a front lady for two comic cine show as a front to obtain gold

discoveredBook of Mormonin Mexico,and ofis the"externalTree of evidence"Life. Bookletof theby opera Chinese who kidnap those for the South; Eight on the Lam,

Dr. M. Wells Jakeman, Ph.D., BYU, free. girls at the hotel who report they starring Bob Hope and Phyllis

Stone is ppd. 7"x9". $9.95

California residents tax are alone in the world. Diller; Disney's The Gnomeadd 4%

El Monte Charitable Enterprises That's about as far as seriousmobile, a bit of Irish fluff about 3222 Utah Avenue, El Monte, California 91731 ness goes in this farce. For comleprechauns; To Sir With Love,

edy, there's a big laundry cart with starring Sidney Poitier as an inLDS DEALER WANTED squeaky wheels, which the Chinese spired teacher of young boys in use to kidnap their victims. There's London; and A King's Story, an

a Chinatown to which they deport absorbing film documentary of the their victims. There are a couple Duke of Windsor.

of airplanes of the period and old "Bearcat"cars used in chases. And A word of caution: The young

IJsLjjL). when Julie gets onto the trail of the British film star Hayley Mills has

for selfcounting coin holders Chinese and winds up in Chinabuilt an enviable reputation in and cash boxes. town, everything goes up in glorifamily-type movies. Therefore it

Write ous fireworks. is a mild shock to find her in definitely movie, Family adult The an CORPORATION COUNTEX are pictures reviewed on this page Motion plot concerns a young The Way. neither by the approved nor recommended Trade Center 271 World

San Francisco, Calif. 94111 Church or the Era. They are, however, in married couple with the most delithe judgment of the reviewer, among the

least objectionable of the current films. cate problems. O

32 Improvement Era ditor Elaine Carmen, Associate Editor *, August 1967

What Are You Doing That Is Different?

ction Lights Camera

34 Era of Youth

Look, Bill. Here's the

uniform truck.

Let's pretend....

Look here, one for you and me....

And there we were being asked if we are LDS.

Would you believe having a hot chocolate break with Vince Edwards?

rd Jaelkel teased me into wearing his hat.

Era of Youth Bill and I lent a hand with the lights

Ambassadors of Good Intentions By Elaine Cannon

On the move? Half the teen world is. Wherever you travel you take a bit of your

home with you. You take something of your church and much of your family. No one

is perfect, we all are quick to admit, but trying to be perfect helps. For a traveler, good

intentions are good beginnings. Here are six ways to help you be a proper ambassador.

1. Leave your "mods"and "minis"

at home. Take proper city clothes for

city places, resort clothes for resorts.

2. Don't "knock"the local territory

to the natives. It's their homeland, and

ten to one they like it.

3. The language of a gracious smile

needs no translation in any country.

That goes for gracious behavior, too.

4. Where are you going? You're already there! What are you getting ready

for? You've already arrived on the public scene, and you're one of the not- }

soscenic sights. Plan time on your

itinerary for basic grooming needs.

5. Talk with people, drink in the culture, taste the strange new foods, and

learn all you can so you'll know a new thing or two.

6. "... be thou an example of the

believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity."

(1 Tim. 4:12.)

38 Era of Youth V A Mission for the Lord By Sidney K. Snow

Miss Sidney K. Snow, 20, has completed her

junior year at the College of Southern Utah.

The Call Sacrament Meeting Suddenly it's there in your hand. You retreat Familiar faces etch themselves upon your mind

to your room to read it, for somehow this seems as they wish you well. The bishop's firm grip

the most important letter you've ever received. assures you that you are believed in.

The envelope crackles as you shakily open it. This time the sacramental prayers have more

Black and white words convey the message, unitmeaning. How great the sacrifice Christ made for

ing it with your heart's desire. You have been our sins!

called to act as a minister for our Lord Jesus You begin by saying you're thankful—for the

Christ. You. call, for your parents and family, for the Lord

Preparation having put his trust in you.

In the days to follow, many new doors open.

Life takes on a keener awareness, and the gospel, Terminal which has always been important, seems strangeYou look just a little uncertainly around this ly more real. It is as if you are not ever alone; takeoff point for all parts of the world. How

there is a quiet friend with you at all times. As many of these people know about the gospel 1?

you fast and pray in humble earnestness, the Loudspeakers announce each flight matterof-

Spirit makes itself known more deeply ivithin your factly. They do not know that this is a very speheart. cial day.

Farewell At last it happens. "All passengers please

Your school sweaters have been put into the board flight 505 for all points east."There is the

mothballs; in their place hang new dark suits. warm goodbye of that special friend, your

You feel older on the inside, too. The record alfather's strong handclasp, the looks of admiration

bums you cherished are no longer for your listenon the faces of the little ones, a mother's tears.

ing. Your friends look up to you as one apart. You You wave again from, the window.

are still their friend, but a different friend. And the gospel shall be preached....

By Sue SmartThoseWho Love cMost

You're away from home. of our religion and lose sight of its book about personality development.

You meet a stranger, and during main goals and purposes. Above all, The author, Dr. Maxwell Maltz, writes

the course of conversation he finds ours is a religion of love. "This is my of love and charity as extremely

out you're from Utah, land of the commandment, That ye love one essential elements of success. This

Mormons. He's interested but cynical. another, as I have loved you."man is not preaching a religion but

Skeptically he asks, "What is the single (John 15:12.) rather showing us the value of love

most important principle in your Christ's whole life was a lesson in psychology.

church? The one most important in love, service, and compassion. Eric Fromm, a philosopher,

thing?"Here is the golden opportunity He, then, is our Savior, one who taught describes love as the only effective

you've been waiting for, a chance to love as a way of life. I think I could way for men to dissolve the inherent

convert someone! But this man and base my whole testimony on this, loneliness of the human experience.

his questions puzzle you. You know because even in my short life I have He is not speaking for religion but

the Articles of Faith. You've even found that the truest, most rewarding from a philosophical standpoint.

learned the first few missionary things have come through love. If we can realize love as a practical

lessons. But what do you tell this man But even though love is such a force that can be utilized in our lives,

who simply wants to know the one beautiful thing, it is not an easy the next step is to overcome the fear thing your church is all about? principle to practice. William Penn that prevents us from loving.

"Then one of them, which was a once said, "Love is the hardest lesson Just as fear may prevent nations lawyer, asked him a question, tempting in Christianity; but for that reason, from trusting and cooperating with

him, and saying, it should be most our care to learn it."each other, fear may also prevent us

"Master, which is the great Why, if love is such a beautiful thing, from giving and sharing our love.

commandment in the law? is it so difficult to learn and practice? We are frightened by those around us,

"Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt One reason is that most people afraid of being hurt. Just as fear

love the Lord thy God with all thy fail to realize love in a practical sense. prompts nations to wage war with each

heart, and with all thy soul, and with They think of love as an abstract other, fear also prompts us to wage all thy mind. sort of thing that is nice to give talks war with those around us and to

"This is the first and great about; but when it comes right down destroy love.

commandment. to it, it is not a practical, feasible

"And the second is like unto it, way to face life in our world of Each of us has his own defense

Thou shalt love thy neighbour as turmoil and tension. mechanisms. In order to avoid being

thyself. hurt, we develop a system of defense.

"On these two commandments Christ built the best case for love. These barriers that we erect may

hang all the law and the prophets."Here was one who, more than any protect us from being hurt, but they

(Matt. 22:3540.) other, had a deep love for all mankind. also prevent us from giving and

Love! This was the first principle Crowds of people flocked around him receiving love.

in the Church of Christ when he was and followed him wherever he went. Suspicion acts as a radar warning

on the earth and the first principle I sometimes get the feeling that system in our war against love.

in his Church when it was restored many of these people didn't really It tells us to deny our love to those through Joseph Smith. understand what Jesus was saying, who may not return it. That sounds

but that they followed him out of good, but Jesus said, "Ye have heard

Because we have so much, we pure love. that it hath been said, Thou shalt love

Mormons sometimes become There are other evidences of the thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.

preoccupied with the unusual facets force of love. PsychoCybernetics is a "But I say unto you, Love your

40 Era of Youth "Love is the hardest lesson in Christianity; but for

that reason, it should be most our care to learn it."

—William Penn

Sue Smart was graduated this year from East High School in Salt Lake City.

She is also a fouryear seminary graduate.

She received the Marba C. Josephson

scholarship award for 196768.

enemies, bless them that curse you, Pride declares our wars. How Once we have disarmed ourselves,

do good to them that hate you, many times have we been unfriendly we can allow love to enter our hearts.

and pray for them which despitefully to those we feel to be inferior to However, there is more to Christianity use you, and persecute you."ourselves simply because we fear we than that. We must not only admit

(Matt. 5:4344.) might endanger our own social status? love into our hearts, but we must also

"For if ye love them which love Pride says to everyone around us that outwardly extend ourselves and radiate you, what thank have ye? for sinners we care more about ourselves and the love. We must love those around us;

also love those that love them."illusionary fruits of pride than we do we must love people we don't even

(Luke 6:32.) about love. It says we do not need love know; we must love our enemies.

"Give to every man that asketh of and we do not dare give of ourselves. This love must become an entire way

thee...."(Luke 6:30.) We can see By holding grudges, we wage cold of life; it must govern us in all things.

there is no room for suspicion in the wars—wars that cannot be resolved, It must spur us to be tolerant of all

hearts of the followers of Christ; because we are unwilling to forgive men, to give aid to any man in need,

he put no stipulation on love. or compromise. and to share and have limitless

Neglect and complacency build Bad tempers launch attacks on compassion. Joseph Smith described

barriers around us that prevent us others. They invade the hearts of love as a fountain "unto the confrom loving. Almost all of us are potential friends and destroy the love suming of our flesh."

guilty of a certain degree of neglect. that might have been shared. This is what we are striving for.

Perhaps we did not take advantage of It is more than 75 percent attendance an opportunity to help someone. Some people use the weapons of at Sunday School. It is more than

Perhaps we could have eased someshock to destroy love. They bomb love paying a full tithing. It is achieving a

one's mind or offered some encourwith a shock that says, "You would state of love that radiates from us agement. However, if we let this not like me for what I am, so I will and governs our entire life.

neglect become a habit, we deny be something shocking; then at least

ourselves the chance to love. you'll notice me."These people are Think for a minute about the things

The feelings of selfpity and indeed noticed, but they can neither you love. Perhaps you think of your

inferiority build up stockpiles of give nor receive love, because they are family or of a few friends who really weapons that frighten love away. unwilling to be honest with themselves care about you. Think about how

Inferiority is a common feeling, but and admit who they really are. this love makes you feel. Now, imagine

it often makes love impossible. One So here is the problem: We let our this love for all of life! Imagine this

of the most wonderful people I know own foolish fears prompt us to wage feeling for all of humanity! This is the

has distinct feelings of inferiority. war on each other and prevent the Christianity of Jesus Christ.

He often feels that he is worthless. emergence of love. Isn't it about time The great German scholar, Baron

This attitude prevents him from to 'call a peace treaty and adopt a von Spanheim, once said, "They are accepting love, either because he policy of total disarmament? Only the disciples of Christ not who know

doesn't recognize it or he doubts its when our defenses have been broken most, but who love most."

sincerity. By the same token, he down can love enter our hearts. As a church we must show the

cannot give love, because he feels it world that we are the Church of Christ will be of little value to anyone. We may not always play the game because we love! Our missionary

This is very unfortunate, because this on common grounds. We may be system is great, but if we could boast

boy would have a great capacity to love unarmed while others fight with atomic about a church of members who if he would break down the barriers bombs, but we must have courage, truly loved, people would clamor to of inferiority. for this is the challenge of our religion. join our ranks. O

August 1967 41 By Loye Wright

a in God I have Ron Clark does. In fact, he will never forget. He

put my trust; I will not fear what was lying pinned beneath a twoton cattle truck

>f at the bottom of a desert wash. Beside him were flesh can do unto me. (Ps. 56:4.) several of his best friends—dead. Around him

What were you doing on the afternoon of June was the bloody disaster that resulted when the 10, 1963? Probably you don't remember. But big truck crashed backwards off a cliff, bearing

-Illustrated by Sherry Thompson the precious burden of 45 people. Now 12 of those to sing at the funeral services."

45 were dead. Twenty more were injured. Ron How could he? His jaw was too badly swollen

himself was trapped near the front of the heavy for movement. Besides... these were five very

vehicle where the greatest weight was. His jaw special guys.

had been severely knocked out of joint when the "You can do it,"President Lewis promised, "if truck went over, and his left leg was crushed you will pray, and if you really want to."

under the truck. He really wanted to. The next few days were

As soon as he could pull his arms and right leg filled with prayer. He knew only the Lord could

free, Ron set his jaw himself as best he could help him accomplish this incredible task.

amid all the crying and screaming of the hurt The morning of the funeral he couldn't eat;

passengers. The unhurt MIA superintendent who the jaw was rigid, and he spoke through closed

had been accompanying the group of Scouts, for teeth. Practicing beforehand was a fiasco. With

whom this trip was to have been a super activity, those clenched teeth he could get no resonance was making the rounds, checking the extent of or carrying power. But he had given his word.

the damage. When he reached Ron he asked him His earnest prayers continued right up to the

how badly he was hurt. The young man tipped time he sat with his brother Bob in the choir loft

his head back. of the old Provo Tabernacle.

"Charlie,"his voice trembled, "I've lost my Then suddenly, minutes before he was to sing, leg."He couldn't feel a bit of life in his left leg, an overwhelmingly peaceful feeling settled on

and terrible visions of the future raced through him, and Ron turned to his brother. "I can move

his mind. But despite the pain and worry, it was my jaw!"he whispered. "It feels all right!"

Ron who kept telling the others, "It's all right. He picked up his crutches, limped over to the

They're going to get us out of here."organ, and with a faint smile nodded to organist

Ron was the last one pulled from the wreckage. Byron Jensen. The young Explorer stood up tall

Soon after he was taken to the Panguitch Hosand looked below at the flowercovered caskets pital, his family arrived from Provo. bearing the bodies of five of the friends he had

"I'm all right, Mother,"he had said. buddied with practically all his life. How could he

This 16year-old Explorer showed remarkable sing?

courage. And a few days later he was called upon His voice rose, beautiful and pure. "May the

to show perhaps even greater valor. good Lord bless and keep you...."The unwaverHe was sent home, where he had to be fed ing notes filled the tabernacle and soared to heathrough a straw because he could not move his ven on the summer breeze. "Fill your dreams with

badly swollen jaw. He could hardly speak. He sweet tomorrows. Never mind what might have

couldn't sing. For Ron that was very serious. been...."The melody was strong until the last,

All during his life he had brought a great deal but then... he couldn't go on. He faltered, then

of beauty and pleasure into the lives of those who whispered, "... till we meet again."*

had heard his incomparable voice. When he was Tears coursed down the faces of the fifteen

only 12 years old, he sang his way into the hearts hundred sobbing people gathered in the taberof those at general conference who heard his lovenacle—tears shed not only for the five boys who

ly renditions of "Listen, Dear Teacher"and had been taken, but tears also for the courage of "When He Comes Again."Only a year ago he a young Explorer with a puffy jaw.

had sung in a chorus at stake conference. His As for that jaw—immediately after the song,

it locked shut again, and weeks passed before Ronfriends had sung with him then—the same ones

who helped plan the trip to Southern Utah. could open it.

He remembered how happy they all had been: Nobody can tell Ron that miracles don't happen.

Randy Miller, Lynn Merrell, Gary Christensen, He's had a few close calls since then, too, but he's

Gary Rasmussen, Joe Erickson, and Gordon Grow now living the dream of his life—a mission, in

—all good friends. Those were happy days. Ahead the Eastern Atlantic States. But miracles don't

of him now was Gordon's funeral and, the next happen all by themselves. It takes real faith,

day, the joint funeral for five of his closest pals. sincere prayers, and a lot of personal effort. In

Ron could only get around a little with the aid this case, all were supplied in abundance by a of crutches when the stake president, Ben E. very strong young man. O

Lewis, called on him.

*"May the Good Lord Bless and Keep You,"words "Ronnie,"he had said, "the families want you and music by Meredith Willson.

August 1967 43 He paused and then said softly, "I like puppies.

Do you?"I answered grudgingly in the affirmative. It

was little brothers that I was having trouble liking at the moment.

Omie stepped quickly, but definitely, on my ankle and was gone for a blissful thirty seconds.

Then, from my position underneath the car, I could see him returning. His scuffed cowboy boots,

with jeans half tucked in and half pulled out, were plodding menacingly toward me. Once again his

tan little face appeared beneath the car.

"Guess what?"he screamed.

"What?"I answered as politely as my tattered

patience would allow.

By Lowell M. "That's what!"he yelled and then began laughDurham, Jr. ing hysterically to himself.

Illustrated by Sherry Thompson "Mother is calling you,"I said.

"I've got a man's inbility!"insisted Omie. He walked about ten feet away, squatted down,

He stood squarely in front of me, nose in the and began rolling marbles down the slight incline air and hands on his tiny hips. I had tried with of the garage floor. The first two marbles passed

no measure of success to explain why a little fourme on the right. The third, undoubtedly his bigyear-old brother could not help me beneath the gest, hit me squarely on the head.

family car. His blue jeans were faded but clean, My paperthin patience had finally worn

and I knew Mom would skin us both if he got through. I scrambled from beneath the car,

grease all over his clean clothes. bumping my head as I came out. I caught him

His nickname came, as most nicknames do, from and delivered a stinging blow to the appropriate some obscure beginning that I cannot remember. place and then sat him down on the back stairs

The most significant thing is that his peculiar with a little too much vigor. This encounter was

nickname sounds like an exasperated expresfollowed by tears and whimpering. His allsion Oh me. Nine times out of ten it was a fitconsoling index finger was once again in his

ting title for him. mouth, and his left hand fingered his right earOmie plodded around the car, picked up a lobe. His tan little face was not so tan as I had

wrench, and began banging on the hubcap, softly thought; a tear had washed a lighter path down

at first, but increasing in loudness and tempo his cheek.

with every beat. In a fleeting moment of anger, "Oh, me, what to do now?"I wondered. "Big

I grappled the wrench from his grasp and cuffed cowboys don't cry,"I said.

his hand. Immediately he began whimpering He looked at the floor and wiped his eye with

and trotted dejectedly around the car. He rehis forearm.

appeared the next minute, sucking his right index "You do want to grow up to be a big cowboy, finger while tugging apologetically at his right don't you?"I queried.

earlobe with his left hand. For Omie, this was "No,"he said quietly. This was a surprise, for

a harbinger of extreme fatigue or a sign of hurt to ride the range had always been first in his feelings. mind.

I continued working under the car, trying my "Well, what do you want to be?"I asked.

best to ignore him. I could see that his hurt feelHe paused, looking at me with those blue,

ings were quickly subsiding. He watched me tearfilled eyes. Then he choked, "I want to be

coolly from the corner of his eye; then he swiftly like you."With that, he turned and ran up the

mounted his tricycle and began making slow, lazy stairs.

circles around my feet, occasionally brushing I had a cold and warm feeling all at once them with the tricycle wheel and then finally warm because of a little brother who wanted to running over them both. Still I ignored him. be like me, and cold because I had done so very

He stuck his little blond head underneath the little to deserve such devotion. I went upstairs,

car. "Let's play airplane,"he shrieked. gave Omie a big brotherly hug, and together we

"Let's not,"I yelled back. went down to work on our car. O

44 Era of Youth 220 West 400 North Provo, Utah June 10, 1967 Dear Editors Writing Contest

As the school year ends, I pause Aspiring writers... budding young

to express my deep appreciation for Shakespeares... talented teens everythe Era's assistance. I have atwhere, here's your grand chance to

tended Brigham Young University this express yourselves, as well as comyear on scholarship from the Era of pete for cash prizes, for scholarships,

Youth writing contest. for special awards, and for the assignment roster of the Era of Youth.

Send in a story, a modern fairy tale, Since the exciting evening a year ago when Elder Hanks and Sister Can- a sad commentary on our times, or non presented the awards, I have an incident with a moral. Write a

humorous story, a sophisticated story,married and have settled into a new life. This poem expresses my feelor a romantic story. But write one!

ings of a new awakening. If it's poetry you've a talent for, pick

up your quill and pen a sonnet, compose a saga, or develop a haiku. Read

Peace Within, by Mimi Murdock the rules carefully. Then send in

your entries to Era of Youth Writing

The world in its chaotic state Contest, 79 South State Street, Salt

May rush and beep and shove Lake City, Utah 84111.

Whatever lies within its path;

It seems oblivious of Me As I tear away from its tangled web Original poetry, short stories, or feature

And reach to rise above and articles should be typewritten on white

Breathe. paperside of8%thexpaper11 inches,only. doublespaced, on one

Each entry must be designated by a pen

The freshness of the altitude nameenvelopeandcontaining:must be accompanied by a sealed

Soon clears my mind and eyes 1. The author's actual name, age, home adOf soot and scheme and sludge that made me 2.dress,Thetitlefollowingof entry,statement:and a walletsize"This workphoto.is

Slow to realize original,"signed by the author. (Original

Light meansnot somethingthat it iscopiedthe workfrom ofsometheotherwritersourceand

That lends its rays of truth to those or planned or written by others.)

Who enter sacred doors and rise in script,At the thetop authorof the shouldfirst pagewriteofeitherthe manuBYU,

Sight. RICKS, or CHURCH COLLEGE OF HAWAII, to designate which school he/she

would be interested in attending if the entry

The world in its chaotic state merits a scholarship award. (No entries

Accelerates its speed, from mainland USA will be accepted for

Church College of Hawaii scholarships.)

While I observe from distant stance Entries must be mailed to the Era of Youth

Salt Contest, State Street, 79 SouthThe constant earthly need of Writing not later postmarked Lake City, Utah 84111,

Peace; than December 31, 1967.

I find within the temple walls Winning entries become the property of The

Improvement Era. The Era reserves first

The spirit which I need, indeed, publication rights to all entries. Payment

Peace. for nonwinning entries will be made upon

publication. No entries will be returned.

All entries should be suitable for publication

Thank you very much for your consideration, in The Improvement Era.

Sincerely,

Marilyn Miller Murdock What's So Great About Seminary?

That's what we've been asking seminary students all over the Church, and we've come up with some interesting answers. Students go to seminary because they want to.

Many are quick to brag about parents who do taxi duty at early morning hours, sometimes traveling to and fro for many miles to deliver a teen to the meeting place. So parents get some credit for the success of seminary, too. Qualified instructors rate praise

from the students because they conduct stimulating classes wherein gospel principles are related to the unow"problems of a teen's life.

Seminary is great because a teen gets to know other boys and girls whose idea of fun doesn't include the wild and rebellious attitudes in some of today's youth. Seminary

is great because it starts the day off right—spiritually. Seminary is great because it provides social opportunities, service projects, and leadership training. Anyone who knows

anything at all about seminary agrees that anyone who doesn't go is missing the best part of being young. You go, don't you?

jjlvudvfr

Mm*. jih Seminary has developed my Seminary has taught me Seminary is like a safety zone leadership ability and has many things that have helped in a game, except it is a safety taught me how to get along betme discuss the true gospel of zone in my school day. This is

ter with other people. It has Jesus Christ with nonMormons. one hour when I can pause and

strengthened my testimony and Talks I've had with such friends rest and think and concentrate helped teach me obedience and have resulted in two of them on becoming more like the respect. being baptized and a third planSavior.

ning on it soon. What a thrill!

Roger Piquet Sheryl Humphries Sharon Hancock

(01AA<ULl (XAVJ

Seminary is the most imporOur lives are up to us, and Seminary has provided me a tant class I have had during my only us. If we want to progress dayto-day reminder of who I

high school years. If nothing and obtain our fullest measure, am and what I represent as a

else, it has given me a "screamwe must develop our faith in Latterday Saint. With this

ing conscience"to help me reach God. Then we can take on any reminder, I can more easily

my highest goals. new challenge. Seminary helps overcome temptations that conus do this. stantly arise.

Burk Marler Lynn Hancock LeAnn Ward

46 Era of Youth Seminary Trip

By Craig Chisholm

On a beautiful spring day 20 sleepy youths from the Kaiserslautern Seminary boarded the bus at the alltoo-early hour of 5:00 a.m.

We traveled to Mannheim, where an additional 35 students from Wiesbaden, Frankfurt, Hahn, and Darmstadt joined us. Then off we rode to

Bern, Switzerland.

Shortly after noon many of us had our first look at that magnificent house of God, the Swiss Temple.

Standing there so white and clean, the temple is an awesome

sight.

Because of the size of our group, we divided into two sections to do baptisms for the dead. While the first group

was in the temple, the second group held a fast and testimony meeting. I felt the Spirit more

than I ever have before in my

life.

Our family is stationed here in Germany as part of the armed forces of the United States. Living in Europe

presents all kinds of opportunities, but to grow in the gospel is the most important one to most of us.

This was a seminary outing we'll long remember.

August 1967 47 Wrpmh By Marion D. Hanks

Of the First Council of the Seventy the valley

Messages from General Authorities

As I stood to speak to the Scouts, I saw, looming over the trees, the top of the great arch dedicated to the heroes of the revolution. The names of George

Washington and General Anthony Wayne were there, and many others, but my gaze was fixed on the dates at the end of the writing: 177778.

In 1776 the Colonials made their declaration of prin- #It was six o'clock on a beautiful midsummer Sabbath ciple. Not many months later, in the very valley

morning in Philadelphia, and I was on my way to where the Boy Scouts now visited, they had their

Valley Forge to speak to a group of Boy Scouts. There chance to prove they meant it. It was so cold in

were no other cars on the streets, and the driver that valley that winter that many men froze to death.

seemed a bit annoyed to have to stop at a red traffic There were so few provisions that many men starved signal at the intersection. But I was glad. On a to death. Of the 11,000 who started the winter, only

vacant lot on the corner I saw a historical marker 8,000 survived. Their 3,000 comrades were buried

carrying this message: there in unmistakable witness of the sincerity of their

faith in the cause.

This is the site of the home Life has its great times of commitment, and the where Thomas Jefferson wrote valleys that inevitably follow. A convert covenants

the Declaration of Independence. and almost certainly walks thereafter through his

1776. valley of trial. Two wonderful young people kneel

at an altar and covenant with each other and God,

All the way to Valley Forge I thought about that and then move into their adventure and learn that marker and about the marvelous declaration of conmarriage requires a courageous walk through valleys viction and commitment that had come from that that are sometimes difficult.

unostentatious place. The Declaration of IndepenSo with every major experience of life. There is

dence was a great statement of principle. "This is the commitment and the opportunity to meet the

what we believe,"it said, "and this is where we stand. subsequent tests. There is the declaration and the

In defense of these principles we commit our lives, valley, and there is the inevitable triumph when courour fortunes, and our sacred honor."age and quality meet the tests. O

48 Era of Youth LDS BOOKS 15% CASH SAVINGS ON * 20%OVERsavings500 LDSon someBOOKStitles

Richard L. Evans

rnrr savings,Details onor howdetailsto obtainfree withLDS yourbooks order.at a lKLL

The Spoken Word OUT OF Vol.THE3BEST(Sept.)BOOKS—

1 to 4 books each. $2.51

5 or more books each. $2.36

postpaid (reg. $2.95) and Thomas Clark Before We Learn to Live HIS AND YOUNG BRIGHAM

WIVES AND THE TRUE OF PLURAL STORY "If this interesting observation: philosopher offered ancient we $2.00 MARRIAGE

correct all (reg. $2.50) postpaid J Stewart our could and twice twice young John be old, we couldAnmistakes."1 There is no real assurance that this is so, because too THE TEN MOST WANTED

many of us repeat our own errors, even when we know better. But PaulMENH. Dunn (reg. $3.95) postpaid$3.35

to live so long before $3.35 sometimes have wonder why may we we well THE FAITH TO we TRUE

(reg. $3.95) postpaid Llewlyn R. McKay are learned things learn to live. wish might There had many we we

THE KEY TO PROPHECY, in of later are instead sooner life. There and misundermany mistakes $3.35 FUTURE

(reg. $3.95) postpaid S. Crowther Duane lost time, false steps, of standings: beginnings, mistakes judgment, bad

BY A CONSTITUTION THE pursuits. are relationships strained people unpromising There between $3.80 THREAD

postpaid close another, Vetterli (reg. $4.75) every Richard have to one between people whowho should keep

natural reason to keep close, but who have differed and drifted apart. THE LATTERDAY SAINTS:

YESTERTHE MORMONS actions, quarrels, prejudices, are errors of understanding, unwise There $5.06 TODAY DAY AND

postpaid (reg. $5.95) Mullen utterances. along the unwise somewhereand way Robert And then sometime,

handling 10c add than $3.00, is for less If order

tax. sales percent add 3 of Arizona Residentswe learn somehow to misjudge less, to understand more; to be more charge.

charitable, to live with less friction, with less resentment, with less LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE disposition to condemn. Somewhere, sometime, somehow along the P.O. Box 2454; 346 S. Hobson St.

way we are likely to acquire more patience and understanding in our OfferMesa,good onlyArizonain U.S.85201and Canada

hearts. But still some things we wish we had learned sooner instead

of later in life. Of course, some do learn them sooner. Some seem to

1 mellow and mature in judgment and wisdom and understanding earlier than others. But many of us live a long time before we seem to learn MEMONEY some of the fairly simple things that could have made life easier and

finer for us and for others also. But to live—and to learn—this, no doubt, Try Lyman's

is one of life's principal purposes. We can't go back—not any of us, not VITAMINS

at any time. But with an immortal future before us, we can go forward

with the assurance that nothing we have really learned is ever lost. and

"If we could be twice young and twice old,"could we correct all our MINERALS mistakes? It isn't likely. And anyway, that isn't the way a loving

Less than 2$ a tablet Father has let us live. But we can face the future with assurance that

somewhere along the everlasting journey we shall know that the gropHIGH POTENCY ing, the reaching, the wondering, the trying and failing, and trying again, honestly and earnestly, will prove to be worth more than all the ALL NATURAL effort—and the future will justify our faith.

Formulated to equal or improve on many tablets selling for 5 or *"The Spoken Word"from Temple,

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broad- 6(t each.

casting System May 21, 1967. Copyright 1967. Clip and Mail or Write

aEuripides, The Suppliant Woman, 421 B.C. Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive,

Salt Lake City, Utah Please send Daily Supply Tablets, postage free.

tablets..... $8.95 Evening Vespers Quantity*Quantity, 50

tab[ets 1Q0 $1 g5 By Gertrude Alcorn Name....

All the flowers bow their heads Morning glories fold their petals Address.

In the warmth of evening air; As if in silent prayer.

City State..Zip..J

August 1967 49 IS YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROGRAM ECONOMICALLY SOUND?

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

Reserve Resources

times of disappointment men react in many ways, depending

Inupon their teaching and temperament, upon their outlook and understanding, and upon their faith and foundations. To sudden

and shocking news, depression and deep discouragement are perhaps the immediate reactions of most of us. The first impact almost always

brings a heavy heart and a feeling that the future is futile. But what

happens after the first impact is exceedingly important. Some become

cynical. Some become desperately despondent. Some rush into unorganized action without any real plan or purpose. Some give up and

lay aside all plans and purpose. But some quietly think things through,

consider the issues and the alternatives, and recover their courage, and

Wheat is the heart of any food storage supply program, keep your wheat then set about to do as promptly as possible what should and can be regular turnover basis rather on a than risk spoilage. Write for informadone. In any circumstances or situation, despondent inaction is almost

tion about highprotein, cleaned wheat. your Make food storage prothe worst thing in the world. And to you who are depressed, to you

practical gram a program.

who are trying to see the future before you, to you who have loved

SURPRISE! AND lost lose, fear or to to oppressive have ones problems, you have you who

stored That have wheat you in your all basement delicious to the most all of to makes faith, of courage, together us (and )—take you have

bread and other baked goods. Now

you can convert your stored wheat believe in the future; live and work and watch and wait and pursue

into wholesome natural flour at your convenience by using the superb Alllife prayerfully, repentantly, and purposefully. There are reserve reGrain Flour Mill.

sources within us that we seldom see or suspect until we are pressed

A ADAPTATION MODERN beyond the point of our usual performance. But even when we come

Mill AllGrain The is a modern electric refinement of the old fashioned, to what seems to be the end of our own resources, there is another twostone flour mill that preserves nature's marvelous nutrition and flaand neverfailing source of strength and peace and purpose in our vor with exceptional economy.

Start now to enjoy top flavor, good Father who is in heaven, and in his Son, our Savior, the Prince of Peace.

health and economy. Mills available

in two sizes. All mills guaranteed for The courage and conviction of men is a source of surpassing strength.

one year. terms. Easy

For full information, write: But even if we were to meet problems beyond the combined wisdom

and judgment and effort of all of us, we shall never meet a problem or

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL a disappointment that is beyond the help of the Father of us all, in

Dept. E, P.O. Box 168 whose image men were made and who would not withhold his helping

Brigham City, Utah 84302 hand from a prayerful and repentant person or people.

or P.O. Box 115

Tremonton, Utah 84337 *The Spoken Word"from Temple,

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System May 28, 1967. Copyright 1967.

oJo acknowledge an error

1 is not a sign of weakness,?

/ "* Reflections but of courage ana strength. By Bertha Wilcox Smith

?—jjonn ib. ibro. How kind of lakes to mirror trees Of dawn, and rainbows rimmed

And larks and glinting peaks, with mist,

DESERET Andcomemares with wobbly colts who AndLakesbuttercupsneed but lookthatatlean.loveliness

To drink, and saffron streaks To make it doubly seen. OET

THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH

CUT OUT & ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION

50 Improvement Era LTV Electrosystems Inc.

MEMCOR/MONTEK OPERATION 2268 So. 3270 W.

Salt Lake City, Utah has immediate openings for qualified personnel in the following job classifications:

ENGINEERS * PROJECT Bachelors degree with suitable experience in electronic deBSEE or other sign. Must have demonstrated capability in solid state circuit design and

must be prepared to assume responsibility for an entire project from proposal through design and development to release for production. Experience in design using integrated circuits and/or experience in Navigational

ENGINEERS DEVELOPMENT * COMPUTERaids such as TACAN is especially desirable.

engineers to get in on the for experienced graduate Excellent opportunity ground floor of a unique computer development program. Experience in

computer logic and hardware design is desired. Work will involve microcircuits, magnetic cores, coincident current memories, CRT displays, and

ENGINEERS * DESIGNstandard I/O equipments.

Minimum of three years'experience in electronic circuit BSEE or equivalent.

techintegrated circuit solid and/or state with discrete Familiar w. design. of complex development for design and responsible niques. Will be

electronic circuitry and devices for navigation systems from initial design

WRITER * TECHNICALthrough preproduction model phase.

for writing technical proposals and instruction manuals Will be responsible for complex electronic systems. Must have five years'experience in preparing technical publications to military specifications, and must have a

working knowledge of solid state electronic circuitry terms and basic

ENGINEERS * PROCESScircuit operation.

years in electro or electromechanical process engineering. Three to five

Capable of working to customer specifications. Experience in setting and

ENGINEERS Our Balk * INDUSTRIALmaintaining time standards desired.

Three to five years'experience in facilities and tooling, BSIE or equivalent.

By Grant D. Morse production process and standards, work measurement, and bidding of

electronic equipment.

PLANNERSBetween my neighbors garden and * PROCESS

Experience in my own electro and electromechanical processing. DRAFTSMEN * DESIGNthere is a balk—a strip we've left years'experience in the field of electronic and/or mechaniMinimum three

unsown—calassemblies,drafting. printedMust becircuitcapablelayouts,of producingetc., withmilminimumspec drawings,supervision.mechanical

on which he walks as he goes to WORK WITH COMPETENT ENGINEERS IN THE FIELDS OF and from NAVIGATIONAL AIDS SYSTEMS, NUCLEAR INSTRUMENhis plot, and I walk as I go and TATION SYSTEMS, COMPUTER DEVELOPMENT PROcome GRAMS IN ONE OF UTAH'S FASTEST from mine. Some visitors keep GROWING COMPANIES

asking me Advanced degree and/or greater experience will result in more why we don't each plant half this favorable considerations.

balk and be ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS SEND RESUMES TO advantaged. Then I say we are c/o W. P. King

Salt Lake City - employer advantaged- P.O.An Boxequal opportunity11607

each by knowing that his plot is hedged without an elevated barrier, where STORAGE each can walk, yet each is L.D.S. 50 FOOD FILMS warier are available for rental from BOOKLET

to keep unto his own; but both can libraries located in:

Should What We Store? Lake City Provo stand Salt

1 Leth bridge Mesa Storing to Prevent to talk or look upon the other's land. Los Angeles Idaho Falls Spoilage

Specific on Foods Notes City York New find the elbowroom on such aWe

'for Write Etc. free brochure. Perishables, Rotate Your balk

Co., Deseiet Book Film Dept. Group Rates Availableis better than a fence for friendly South Temple 44 East

talk. Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

D. BATCHELOR Services W. Educational Media

61 Ave. Beacon University Brigham Young

84041 LAYTON, UTAH Provo, 84601 Utah

August 1967 51 Put the magic of Sugarplum Land "v u in your meals

suggests

this recipe from Sugarplum Land to add an exciting flair to your summer # i entertaining.

Pioneer By Zara Sabin

PINEAPPLE RICE SWANS Snaggles of wool from bush and 1 fresh pineapple RICE MIXTURE fence treasured in tuckedup 30 to 40 miniature marshmallows V< cup uncooked rice apron;

floral or wire pipe cleaners Heavy (# 18) 6 water tablespoons Worthweight garnering knife cut sharp in the pineapple 2 With maraschino cherry juice tablespoons quarters lengthwise. Cut through the Va teaspoon salt to be washed and combed and

almond teaspoon well leaves as as the fruit so that each M flavoring dyed and spun and woven.

Vi pint whipping cream quarter of leaves a section has attached cherries Vi maraschino chopped cup fruit tail to the to the form of a "Swan."

granulated 74 cup U & I Sugar Bending, stooping, sharp eyes slice of fruit inch an Cut from the top Va slivered almonds cup of each quarter and discard. This reVa cup chopped dates searching, she tramped the hills

flat gives a moves the hard core and where yesterday sheep had rice surface for holding mixture. With Combine rice, water, cherry juice, salt

a sharp knife loosen the fruit from the and flavoring in saucepan. Bring to boil. passed.

skin, leaving it in place. Still leaving the Stir and reduce heat. Cover and simmer

fruit in place, pieces. bitesize cut into for to cool. 14 minutes. Set aside Whip Now, there was this—For the and head neck of the swan, alcherries, fold in rice, sugar, cream;

string miniature marshmallows on heavy monds and dates. Spoon onto pineapple Not much, but still a goodly mite

floral wire and insert in the fruit at swans. Chill. Yield: 4 servings. to add to that at home.

opposite side of the leaves. Bend wire

to form head. Chill.

Dear Grandmother:

Where is Sugarplum Land? It's all are grown. U & I Sugar sweetens the What would you not have given

around you if you live where sugarbeets economy of these areas. for these skeins in my basket!

U and I SUGAR COMPANY Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah;

near Idaho Falls, Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

52 Improvement Era

Two Yellowstone natives CONOCO and the Bear:

We've both grown up with Yellowstone, visitors think we're tops.

Conoco in Yellowstone. It's a story forests, abundant wildlife and 'Old oil, TBA and quick, friendly service.

that goes back 34 million visitors. Faithful'geyser are just a few of It's a job that gets bigger every

Conoco started serving one station. the sights that attract more and year. A job Conoco helps prepare

Yellowstone had only 200,000 visimore visitors each year. for now by training new service

tors a year. Now there are over And, as Yellowstone popularity station employees and planning

2,000,000 visitors a year and grows, so grows Conoco. Over new programs.

Conoco serves petroleum products 1,000 vacationers stop at each Conoco in Yellowstone. A 50

to eight modern service stations, service station every day during yearold story that's just beginning located throughout the national tourist season. That means a service as Yellowstone vacationers continue

park. station crew of at least 15 men to to Ride The Hot One! Conoco... HotMajestic mountains, towering provide the finest gasoline, motor test Brand Going!

Ride the Hot One!

CONOCO... Hottest Brand Goii

August 1967 53 COVERAGE TOTAL KSLFM, the young pioneer delivering total penePROGRAMMING tration with complete Stereo sound in 19

KSLFM pioneered in bringing its counties. Pioneering FM programming to

listeners beautiful music, sounds more people in a great segment of Mounthat are forever in. tain America.

AUDIENCE

FULL TIME STEREO KSLFM listeners average The finest sound reproduction known to 4V2 hours per day with man... 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!

over 102,000 differentKSLFM, truly the young pioneer in FM radio, the only fulltime, fullstereo FM in Mountain listeners each week.*

America!

= ARB. AprilMay, 1967 - Western Union

Complete Coverage—

19 Counties in Utah and neighboring states Mormon Coulee and Mormon That season they threshed 500

Riffle seem strange names on a map bushels of wheat.

of Wisconsin, but they are there The extensive lumbering brought the coulee, or small valley, on US 14 jealousies among other timbermen, about five miles southeast of La and the Mormons were advised that

Crosse, and the riffle, or small those resources belonged to the rapid, near Hatfield. How did such Chippewa and the Menomonie

names get there? tribes. In January 1844 they were

From Nauvoo, up the Mississippi informed of an order issued by the in 1841, elders journeyed some five Indian agent stationed at the Wisor six hundred miles to obtain tirm consin River for the removal of the bers for the Nauvoo Temple, the Mormons. Bishop Miller, a comLest We Forget Mansion House, and other buildpanion, and Chief Oshkosh traveled

ings. Near La Crosse they entered afoot for 40 miles, in the dead of

the Black River and continued upwinter, to see the agent. He was

stream into Wisconsin's vast pinhostile, but it appears that someeries. At about the present village thing was later worked out, because

of Melrose they purchased a sawmill lumbering continued. Two rafts,

from Crane and Kirtz for $1,500 and containing 87,000 and 68,000 feet began their logging operations upof lumber, arrived that summer at river, near what is now Hatfield Nauvoo, where Church leaders were the Mormon Riffle. Logs were cut already pondering the western

on the banks of the Black and its exodus. The last entry in the actributaries and floated to their count books was dated December 15,

sawmill. 1845, although some may have

Seasonal low water troubled them; stayed there longer.

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. then the weather closed in, and the Mormon Coulee, the brief settleResearch Editor cold, which can dip to 40 below zero ment of Saints near the confluence

in a typical Wisconsin winter, of the Black and Mississippi rivers, brought suffering. Rafts of lumber was strategically situated to provide

arrived at Nauvoo during the sumfor men going to the pineries and mer of 1842, and that year they obfor lumber coming back. The Mortained Jacob Spaulding's mill at mons living here often sought emBlack River Falls, which was about ployment working as laborers for

14 miles closer to their Wisconsin their neighbors at La Crosse, a cuttings. Lumber from their mills community begun in 1842. There

was also sold on the open market. is still a crossroads town, St. Joseph,

About this time traders persuaded eastnortheast of La Crosse, part of the Winnebago Indians to make the old Church settlement.

trouble. The Mormons asked for a Traveling through beautiful, green

council and explained their purWisconsin today between Mormon poses. The Indians quieted, much to Coulee and Mormon Riffle, one

the chagrin of the whiskey traders. finds prosperous cities, thriving

Bishop George Miller arrived in farms, and miles of forests—some

Nauvoo May 12, 1843, with a raft natural cover, but mostly commerof 50,000 feet of pine lumber. He cial tree farms. In the distance, if

returned again that July 18 with weather conditions permit, the sum150,000 feet of lumber and 70,000 mer haze creates the smoke of shingles. During that summer there friendly, phantom campfires. And

were 150 men in the pineries, befor a moment one wonders what sides women and children. Cuttings might have been had the Saints, in

were made on the Black, the East the providence of God, been perFork, Wedges Creek, Cunningham mitted to remain in the Midwest to

Creek, and probably O'Neill Creek. build and build and build. O

Illustrated by Travis Winn

TheLDS Scene

Philadelphia Orchestra and Tabernacle Choir

Conductor Eugene Ormandy and the Philadelphia

Orchestra recently met with the Tabernacle Choir and

Richard P. Condie, conductor, for a twoday recording session

in the Tabernacle. Outcome of the 16 hours of

exacting musical labor was the recording of 32 selections to be released on three Columbia Masterwork recordings an allBach album, an allHandel album, and an album of great choruses from the world's most beloved operas. "We are better people for having been with

your marvelous and sincere choir,"said Mr. Ormandy. Deseret News

a Mormon."He is now

executive director of Columbia Regional Area government headquartered in Portland, Oregon.

Administrator Honored

Homer C. Chandler

was recently honored by the citizens and newspaper of Millbrae on the San Francisco peninsula, where Receives Appointment he served as Millbrae city San Antonio Hemisfair administrator. In an Spencer L Kimball,

editorial titled "We'll Miss professor of law at the President Roland C. Bremer, San Antonio Stake president

This Man of Integrity,"it University of Michigan, has and member of the Hemisfair religious expression was noted that "during seven been appointed to the committee, Elder Mark E. Petersen, and Elder Bernard P

years in one of the hottest New York Special Committee Brockbank inspect contract signed by the Church to seats in local government, on Insurance Holding enter an exhibit in 1968 Hemisfair World Exposition in

Chandler has earned the Companies to make recomSan Antonio, Texas. The fair, scheduled April 6 through

respect, admiration and mendations to the state October 6, 1968, commemorates 250th anniversary of friendship of all who legislature. Brother Kimball, San Antonio and is expected to draw seven and a half

knew him."A San Francisco a former Rhodes scholar million visitors. The Church's exhibit, to be serviced by

area official was quoted, with firstclass honors, is missionaries, will be a single building—later to be

"If I were anything else, I also currently directing the used as part of a San Antonio chapel—featuring paintings

would be a Mormon recodification of Wisconsin and murals depicting parallel teachings of Christ from because Homer Chandler is insurance laws. the Bible and Book of Mormon.

56 Improvement Era Ricks College Singers Montana. The group, featuring songs of Volleyball Coach

The New Freedom Singers of Ricks College, patriotism and love of God, has received twoyear Church college at Rexburg, enthusiastic response throughout the John C. Lowell, director

Idaho, recently appeared in concert on a area and will make a goodwill tour for of athletics at Church College telecast seen in Idaho, Wyoming, and Ricks College this year. of Hawaii, is serving as

managercoach of the United States national men's volleyball team for the PanAmerican Games at Winnepeg, Manitoba, Canada, in August. Brother

Lowell has conducted volleyball clinics for the U.S.

State Department in Poland and 'for the U.S.

Air Force in the Far East.

Team members include Jon Stanley and John Alstrom, Brigham Young University students.

Mission Presidents'Seminar Pi (1IV- A/ J(jSLrMLIV-A ()() (JO mission for seminar new 23 threedayA J) / ] \ held in June [@[ ( )La their wives was presidents and

L"( ) @ First Presidency. TC-K of the the directionunder 7y5r ) \, J icT> their are: 1-2, > wives andThe presidents (l YTLM)\J(

Orville C. and Bertha Gunther, South \L ip i / /y% v?a German; 3-4, Helen and Stanley D. Rees, I r

North German; 5-6, Katherine and Paul Bowen, Eastern Atlantic States; 2324, West Central States;

S. Rose, Philippine; 7-8, Margaret and Virginia and R. Don Smith, Australian; 3940, Evva Marie and

Harvey A. Dahl, Northern Indian; 9-10, 2526, LaNore and Bryan A. Espenschied, E. Garrett Barlow, Ohio;

Carolyn and J. Fielding Nelson, French East; Western Canadian; 2728, Lenard D. 4142, Donna

1112, Eleanor and William N. Jones, and LaVon Irene Robison, North British; and Rulon G. Craven,

Uruguayan; 1314, H. Duane and Leola 2930, Inez and Theron M. Ashcroft, New Zealand;

Anderson, French; 1516, Bryan F. and Lola Irish; 3132, Maralyne and Elliott Howe, 4344, Joan and J. W.

West, Central States; 1718, Eugene F. Texas; 3334, Geneal and Dean L. Larsen, Child, British South;

and Rae Olsen, West Mexican; 1920, Marie SpanishAmerican; 3536, David G. 4546, Sherma and

and Rulon H. Bradshaw, Southwest and Bonnita Clark, Guatemala El Salvador; Thomas F. Jensen,

British; 2122, Donna and Norman R. 3738, Joseph J. and Nancy Jenkins, Brazilian South.

August 1967 57 The LDS Scene (Continued from preceding page)

"Promised Valley"Opens

Promised Valley, musical drama of the pioneer trek to Salt Lake Valley, is being produced nightly through

July and August at the outdoor Temple View Theater, with the Salt Lake Temple as a backdrop. Expected to

become a major tourist attraction, the production will be repeated each summer for five years under sponsorship of the First Presidency and the direction of the MIA.

June Conference

Thousands of June Conference visitors thronged Salt Lake City to attend MIA workshops, general sessions, roadshows, quartet festival, the new MIA musical All In Favor, and the outdoor dance extravaganza during the fourday conference.

Camp day nature study Stake identification badge display

58 Improvement Era NEW FOR CAMPERS!

PermaPak's Meal Delicious, complete meal in one waterproof bag

17 different and totally delicious meals!

5 complete breakfast menus, 3 lunches,

Quartet Festival contestants relax 3 trail lunches and 6 dinners, each complete in one single bag. No matter

where the great outdoors takes you, a balanced and tasty full meal can be prepared in just minutes.

For your FREE PermaPak literature and Catalog of Camping Foods, Survival Kits and Food Storage Plans, send your request to:

40 East 2430 South PIONEERSPERIVIAPAKirj PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Making up for "All In Favor"

I v *%s? PS

'Let It Rain,"parentyouth show

write Department of TRAVEL STUDY BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH 84601

"Trumpeteers"at Quartet Festival

Surprisingly

Different!!

Breathtaking New

Productions, including - -'—-caPADES.7

A Salute to Nat (King) Cole, YOUR NEW High Button Shoes with the Magic Screen, and

the Flintstones on Ice.

Sextet from "Let It Rain UTAH STATE FAIR 26 - SEPT. AUG. 4 CAPADESAMERICA'S #1 FAMILY SHOW! * 3285858 FOR RESERVATIONS CALL NOW

August 1967 59 Teaching Both the heart and head influence behavior—but most teachers

Conducted by the Church School System

By Neil J. Flinders

Instructor, Ogden Institute of Religion eachmg PART 2

Man's basic problem in this life is his problem of happen. Consequently, one of the great barriers to

estrangement. First, he is estranged from himself beeffective teaching is the problem of not being undercause of the veil that removes his memory of preearth stood. Perhaps it is this discrepancy between hearing

life. Second, he is estranged from his Father in heaven and understanding that prompts the familiar saying,

—the results of the fall of Adam. Third, he may be- "Telling is not teaching."The fact that one has been

come estranged from his fellowmen because of envy, heard does not mean that he has been understood.

jealousy, insecurity, and immaturity. The task of the One way to increase the chance of being underreligion teacher is one of aiding man to reestablish stood is to make our explanations more understandproper relationships with himself, his God, and his able. A scientist, to be successful, must learn to

fellowmen. As one writer puts it: develop and use what have come to be called opera-

"What man so desperately needs is not a better tional definitions. These are professional devices to

moral code or an increased intellectual knowledge. He insure that he will be able to communicate with his

needs atone-ment—the overcoming of the estrangeassociates and that he and his work will be understood

ment which leads him to put himself at the center of by other competent persons. An operational definition

the universe and to use others as things rather than is a usable definition—one that is workable and can

as persons, as means rather than as ends in thembe understood. When a scientist conducts a research

selves."(Cathedral Filmstrips, A Basis for Sex Morproject, one of his responsibilities is to state his reality: General Introduction.) search design in operational or usable terms. He must

Of all Christians, Latterday Saints should feel define the words and procedures he uses in such a most strongly and understand most clearly the impliway that his fellow scientists can verify the results by cations of the atonement that Christ has effected in duplicating his experiment or study.

man's behalf—the Savior's provision for bringing man In a way, teachers 'face this same responsibility.

to atone-ness with himself, his Father, and his fellowTeaching involves, among other things, the transfer men. This is the objective of religious education. The of ideas and feelings from one person to another. In

challenge is in devising and utilizing methods whereby order to make this transfer meaningful, it is necessary this can be accomplished. It is not entirely an autoto transmit the stimulation that creates the idea or

matic process, and we have usually assumed—wrongfeeling to the student in a usable, acceptable form.

fully—that education is the only means whereby this In other words, the teacher must create an operational

task could be fulfilled. Effective education can be explanation. This can become quite difficult. In fact,

very elusive. it can become embarrassing, because it involves exThe following discussion is an attempt to clarify plicit interpretations. In order for a teacher to explain

and define some of the barriers that impede the simply and clearly, he must be well prepared and effectiveness of the teaching process—the assumption understand his subject; otherwise he soon reveals his

being that the solution of a problem tends to become ignorance.

apparent if one adequately defines and clearly underSome teachers who are not adequately prepared stands the problem itself. Hopefully, others will contry to save face and hide their ignorance by talking

tribute their talents to an additional clarification in in abstract terms. Such teachers are nebulous in their

this most important field. explanations and hide behind evasive, noncommital

statements or use a vocabulary that is beyond the

Need for Operational Explanations ability of their students to understand. This is not

conducive to effective teaching. It is much better to

Hearing and understanding are two distinct funcadmit one's ignorance than to deceive one's students.

tions of the human personality. Understanding is supIt must be recognized, however, that as soon as a

posed to follow hearing, but this does not always teacher puts his ideas or feelings into terms that can

60 Improvement Era only instruct the head, the author claims.

Is a TbuchingBusiness

be comprehended by his students, he exposes himself purposeful existence, and so forth. This is a type of

to the risk of defending, amplifying, and relating those operational explanation, and yet some of the truth is ideas to the students and their lives. In this way a lost when it is stated in this concrete form. On the

teacher opens himself up to the point at which he other hand, such an explanation gives the student a must share himself with his students. In the consefoundation upon which to build—a foundation for

quence of his defending, amplifying, and relating, the a stairway that can, with effort, carry him into a perteacher really begins to teach. It is at this point that sonal experience with the abstract. The Savior was a

he actually becomes of service to his students. master of operational explanations. His "earthly stories

Another difficulty connected with operational exwith heavenly meanings"attest to his genius at complanations is that when one reduces an abstract idea municating as much as could be communicated when to a concrete example, it usually loses some of its it should be communicated.

meaning and technical accuracy. When one is asked Operational explanations, however incomplete, give

such questions as: "Where do babies come from?"the student reason to hope for greater understanding,

"What is it like to be married?""What is the temple which in turn may motivate the kind of questioning

endowment?""How can you tell the difference bethat carries the student into contact with even more

tween your own feelings and a revelation from God?"truth. This is the way faith is established in a person's

answers should be given in a usable form that the life.

individual can understand and use in his own circumstances. The fact that one cannot convey his complete Imagination and Introspection

knowledge should not stop him from offering the student what the student is capable of understanding The unknown is incomprehensible, and the incomand entitled to receive. Education is usually hampered prehensible is unimportant, or so it seems. This is

more by the teacher's inability or unwillingness to another barrier to effective teaching. People do not

explain operationally than it is by the student's inseem to attach much importance to things they do ability to comprehend. not understand if these things do not obstruct their

Admittedly, it is difficult to conceive of concrete everyday activities in a visible manner. After all, it

examples that are analogous to abstract conceptions. is somewhat difficult to get very excited over someFor instance, what concrete, familiar experience conthing about which you know little or nothing. We

tains the necessary framework to describe man's relaneed to recognize we are involved in something betionship to God? One might consider, for example, fore it takes on much importance for us.

the deepsea diver. He has a special suit that adapts We make things important by making them underitself to the watery environment. He possesses a hose standable—by relating them to life in a meaningful

that supplies him with lifegiving oxygen. He has a manner. This appears consonant with Latterday Saint

line for communication. He has the freedom to move theology. Such statements as "A man is saved no

about insofar as his equipment, the circumstances, faster than he gets knowledge"and "The glory of his knowledge, and power allow. He is totally deGod is intelligence"suggest that comprehending, unpendent upon another person to draw him out of the derstanding, and becoming involved precede meanwater when his mission is complete. Certain enemies ingful performance. This is all pertinent, because

lurking in the murky depths could cut short his exisunderstanding affects our ability to define, our defitence. nitions affect our efforts to apply, and our application

All this, and more, one could call to the attention affects the achievement of our objectives. The more

of a student. The concrete examples of this story could we understand, the more accurately we define; and

allegorically represent a body, prayer, Jesus Christ, the more accurate our definitions, the more clearly we the atonement, the resurrection, Satan, free agency, see the applications necessary for us to achieve our

August 1967 61 Three kinds of experiences change our feelings:

doing a deed, experiencing a value, and suffering.

goals. Once this process is complete, it becomes a tion and introspection as they relate to their teaching

matter of practicing to gain perfection. responsibilities.

In order to inaugurate this process of understanding, it is helpful to touch the student's imagination. When Affective Techniques in Teaching

an individual begins to imagineto preplay information and experiences in his mindhe associates such Traditionally, education acknowledges two levels information and experiences with his needs. He of communication opportunity between teachers and

anticipates that such mental pictures will be either their students: (1) the cognitive level, dealing with

helpful, inconsequential, or harmful to him. This preideas-intellectual, rational, and logical forcesand

play that people apply has the tendency to affect their (2) the affective level, dealing with feelingsthe efforts in seeking to experience what they have emotional and spiritual forces within man.

imagined. Teachers, then, must make their material A teacher really begins to teach when he takes the

both understandable and desirable. This is part of the risk of revealing himself to his students, when he

key to what we call motivation. If the student underexposes himself as a person. Such an exposure is a

stands and desires, he is more likely to look within gradual process and is usually accomplished by himselfintrospect-and conclude that he should seek degrees, according to the characteristics of the personfor that which he is considering. alities involved. For example, when a teacher shares

The tendency for individuals to anticipate future his ideas, he reveals himself intellectually and, in the experiences on the basis of their imaginations helps religious setting, theologically. When a teacher shares

stimulate the process of introspection. When we make his feelings, he reveals himself emotionally or spiri-

a judgment concerning what might happen, we tually. So, teacherstudent relationships may be both

usually base this judgment on what we have expericognitive and affective. Likewise these relationships

encedwe look within ourselves to see what results may be more of one than the other, similar experiences have produced. If the results have If teaching is to take place on both levels, the

been positive in our estimation, we tend to look with question arises: Are we equipped to do an effective

favor on the anticipated experience and to seek for job at both levels? A review of texts on methodology

that experience. If the previous experiences have left reveals that most of the teaching techniques collected

a negative record, we tend to avoid repeating the over the years are designed to facilitate the cognitive experience or encountering what we might feel would or intellectual process. We need much more help in

be a similar situation. accumulating techniques for the affective levels of

The problem arises when an experience gives us instruction. This becomes especially apparent when

or offers us both positive and negative consequences one is engaged in the field of religious education, at the same time. This complicates our value judgwhere the objectives are stated in terms of behavioral

ments. Some things that offer momentary satisfaction change more often than in terms of intellectual unto the flesh do damage to the spirit. It is the dilemma derstanding.

over control, or which needs must be met, that creates That the head and the heart were meant to work such a challenge for man. These circumstances are together is evidenced by the Lord's instructions to

. evidently inescapable, and we are left to struggle with Oliver Cowdery: "... study it out in your mind;..

them by introspecting, by choosing and then reaping [and] I will cause that your bosom shall burn within the consequences. The fact that we can at any given you...."(D&C 9:8.) We are well supplied with

time reverse our decision on which appetites we allow ways of stimulating our students to grasp the facts, to reign makes possible marked changes in individual but how can a teacher stimulate the student to have human behavior. This is the way repentance enters a a feelinglevel experience with those facts? Can one

person's life. Teachers who desire to help their stuassume the attitude: "He has been given the facts;

dents change or repent need to understand and benow it's up to him and the Lord"? It seems the great

come adept at working with the processes of imaginateachers have not felt this was the limit of their

g2 Improvement Era... C/\ow GfvaLLaUe

\ke JjooL of JnormoYi

!! On bwLncf Golor

PROMISED LAND PUBLICATIONS, INC. introduces a new fully illustrated, multicolored, pictorial reconstruction of the historical record

called The Book of Mormon. It is presented in several volumes and

is entitled "ILLUSTRATED STORIES from the BOOK OF MORMON."The price of each volume is $6.00. MORMON MANUFACTURES PLATES

This publication will entail about 1500 pictorial accounts AND MAKES HIS ABRIDGMENT.

which illustrate the various cultures sustained by populations spoken of in The Book of Mormon. A reconstruction of their geography, natural resources, architecetc. tools, weapons, textiles, ceramics, art,ture,

12"and is 9"by is a large volume Each archaeologists, conducted by prominenthas been quality weight, high.. printed on heavy theologians. anthropologists, andhistorians,

in back a hard bound and pictorial each with associatedImmediately is 120 first volume cover. papercloth The it. explaining narrative digested is ascene

it individual 77 contains pages; of entire is the Book to bothAdjacent

of are which pictures, many events. relating the textMormon measuring spreads twopage

L 12"by 18".

u Printed by Deseret News ik Press. Mr. Raymond H.

Jacobs, for many years

the Productions, prepared ney F. Larson Dr. Clinton art associated with Walt Diswork.

compiled the narrative.

Volume I is available now LEHI'S VISION OF THE DESTRUCTION OF JERUSALEM.

only through the firm's direct sales representatives or by mail order. Subsequent volumes

will be offered as soon as they are ready. There remain some territories available for individual or

group sales representation. A special

program has been developed for fundraising projects. If interested indicate

on coupon below.

PROMISED LAND PUBLICATION, INC., 1G3 EAST VINE ST.,

MURRAY, UTAH 84107.

Please send copies of VOLUME 1—"Illustrated Stories from the

Book of Mormon—@ $6.00 plus 21c tax and 50c for postage and packing.

I enclose $ for Volume 1. Or send C.O.D.

( ) I am interested in being a sales representative for this product. Please

contact me.

( ) I am interested in the group fundraising program.

Name. - -- Ward

Address.. Stake.............

responsibility. They have gone the

extra mile and touched the student at an apparently more significant * levelTheofwaybehaviorala personchange.sees and feels

about life determines his behavior.

Richard L. Evans Viktor Frankl, the Austrian psychologist, suggests that the way a The Spoken Word

person views himself changes as a result of three types of experiCommencement: What Next? ences: (1) doing a deed, such as

experiencing achievement or accomplishment; a (2) experiencing ago, Karl eminent scientist educator, Dr. an and T. CompSometime or appreciatvalue—loving someone to class at a privileged ton, talked from commencement, which we

select a few simple, searching sentences: "You have received certain ing a work of nature or art; (3) extalents, some ten, some five, some one,..."he said. "Whether you periencing suffering—facing an

wish it or not,... the world will hold you... accountable.... Each inestimable, unavoidable situation

of you has his own particular amount and kind of knowledge. Some... that cannot be changed.

have had wider experiences,... some have studied harder,... some These kinds of experiences,

... have the more retentive memories.... Like the nobleman in the Frankl says, cause things to happarable,... we may... say, here are your talents as they are today; pen within an individual that make

what next? What are you going to do about it? You may reply: 'That him behave differently. Each of

is my business, I'll do as I please with them.'Or you may answer, 1 these experiences is an affective

wish I knew;'or, 'I want to do the best I can....'But... let me call or feelinglevel experience. They

attention to a very important point: after a time the nobleman called often involve the intellectual or

on his servants for an accounting... and dealt with them... in cognitivelevel information, but

accordance with their performance.... Just so,... the world will call they are affective experiences.

is a techon you for an accounting.... From now on, for better or for worse, is An affective technique

very largely within your own control. What you have today... has nique that creates within the

largely [been] given you; what you will have made of it... is up to student a definite experience of

you.... Some students have the mistaken idea that, after graduation, feeling that is meaningfully rethey quit learning and begin to practice.... But... graduation should flected in his view of and behavbe no such sharp break as this.... You have only just enough to ioral responses to life.

Some teachers seem to be masstart out with. There is an infinite lot for you still to learn,... to

extend your knowledge and improve your skill.... [A survey has shown] ters at stimulating others to change

far too many in the category of that servant who simply gave back in a desired direction. Most teachto his master that which was his—young men who worked the appointed ers have had success experiences

hours... and drew their pay, and beyond that were making no here and there. But how were they

effort to increase their talents. Such men constitute the great... mass accomplished? Can specific meof mediocrity.... In infancy, parents and all the world protect us. In thods be identified, defined, and

childhood also every effort is made to give each one of us the best communicated so that other teachpossible chance.... Parents are indulgent, teachers try to help; but ers may apply them successfully?

the world is not indulgent, and [expects]... performance.... By and In this writer's opinion, we have

large, man sinks or swims by his own efforts.... It is you,... who not yet developed satisfactory

must use these opportunities so that, when the accounting comes, the answers to these questions.

Some would say that the affecworld will say unto you, \.. thou hast been faithful over a few things,

I will make thee ruler over many things.'(Matthew 25:21. )"x tive process is confined to the

implicit, unexplainable side of our * "The Spoken Word"from Temple lives. They point out that whatover Square, presented and the Columbia KSL Broadever these skills might be, they can

Copyright 4, 1967. casting 1967. June System

be communicated only through n Karl T. Compton, president, Massachusetts Institute of

Technology, "The Stuff of Life—Our Talents and Their some type of masterapprentice

Care,"Vital Speeches of the Day, 1937, pp. 556-9. program and that they are discoverable only by trial and error,

by unconscious assimilation. Thus,

64 Improvement Era they say that if one wants to be effective in changing the lives ofothers, he must study under a masmess ter of the trade.

Many examples could be cited Electric Heat of individuals getting results without being able to explain why or how. Few people who learn to

swim know what keeps them afloat. Few people understand or

could explain how they remain upright on a bicycle. The techniques

cannot be transferred effectively.

An alternative view of this barrier to educational effectiveness is the one that suggests that affective techniques are discoverable, definable, and communicable. Admittedly this is not an easy task.

The Savior taught that we have two teaching responsibilities: first,

to witness or proclaim the gospel message to those who have not heard it, and second, to instruct and edify them after conversion.

For years the Church had no operationally definable missionary program. Since the 1940's one has

been developed, and inculcated in it are several affective techniques. Saves Housework

Some of these techniques, for exSunshine Pure. Because nothing is cleaner than a kilowatt, there

ample, are the handshake, prayer, is less housework with electric heat. Walls, draperies, upholstered

fasting, and testimony bearing.

All of these techniques touch the furniture all stay cleaner so much longer.

feelings and influence behavior. Look into Electric Heat Now. If you plan to build or remodel,

They work well in the first type check into electric heat.

of teaching responsibility, that of proclaiming the gospel to people. Special Low Rate. Owners of total electric homes receive special

But what about the second responlow rates for electricity.

sibility—to instruct and edify the

people? This second responsibility Because it's electric, it's better.

is in religious especially important UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO. techniqueseducation. be deCan

veloped that would enhance our

Holomatic Gas Water efforts in in the learning Church?teaching interested how are #3 Heater If you

all Will the hot supply needed water cakes, beautiful wedding decorate to for Baptistries, Church tools seem inadeour At present of 20 fancy all kinds Rest Rooms. Heats cakes, birthday 450 GPH,Kitchens,

rise in temperature. free for Write to in facing challenge thequate opportunity big this is the pastries, folders heaters, Fiberglass on water

consistently teach on the feeling for you. For information, write to BaptistriesElectric Waterand spires.Heaters.Also

level. We encounter conflict and 537INTERMOUNTAINNorth 1st West,CAKESalt DECORATINGLake City, UtahSCHOOL84103 907LITTLE7th Street,GIANTOrange,MFG. TexasCO.

quickly flee back into the safety of our cognitive arsenal. What can

be done? Will we cognitively rationalize ourselves out of the probK0DAC0L0R FILM HAVING GENEALOGICAL PROBLEMS?

LET YOU! HELP US 1 is Printed Exp. the easy way. But Processed 2 Thatlem? &

Professional Research REPLACEMENT ROLL qa Competent, right 0.7\J&ois it the way? FILM FRESH O OFWITH KODAK for Write Information

LIST PRICE WRITE FOR NEW, LOW E-6 DEPT. BOX 2307, WESTERN VAIL RESEARCH FOUNDATION CITY 'LAKE FILMFILM Salt Lake City, Uta;i Box 581 g4100 CLUBCLUB SALTUTAH

August 1967 65 Preserve the Inspiration of The The Improvement Era In Beautifully Bound Volumes The Mountain West's finest bindery and printing house is prepared to bind your collected Improvement Era's into fine hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

editions you wish bound to the Deseret

News Press.

12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

payment must accompany all orders

Please include postage if volumes are to be returned by mail.

Add $1.00 if Binding is to be billed.

Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104

Test your talent Learn to write for profit By Jeffrey Clark Have you ever put down a magazine and thought, "I could write a story like that"?

Well, you maybe can the now's! And writing talent. time your obligation. There No

findto if out. Find out talent the you have are marvelous writing opportunities waittoneeded successful writer. a become For

! ing for Write you today. Clip the coupon

.50 years, thousands students of.. peoit right mail and away.

just likeple taken you.. the have Palmer

Writing talCourses their developed and PALMER WRITERS SCHOOL ent. What's more, able have been many Studio Fourth St. 7G3790 500 So.

to earn while they learn! How about you? [fa Minneapolis, Minnesota 55415

If you really have the desire to write.. Please send me your Writing Talent Test

if really you to learn the want right way Name to writing get your published... then, now

is the time to act! Find out today just Occupation. -Age what your writing potential is. Send for Address Apt. Furniture repairman benefits society and self

your own Palmer Writing Talent Test. City.State. through employment in welfare program.

Just mail in the coupon and we'll send \ County.Zip Code.

the test.you you complete When it, we

will send back a professional appraisal of Accreditedof the Nationalby theHomeAccreditingStudy Council.Commission

66 Improvement Era Melchizedek PriesthoodWelfamPmgram

By President N. Eldon Tanner

Someone said, "In our country we don't have portance of preparing for an emergency, such as psychoanalysts—we can't afford them. We have sickness, accident, layoffs, unemployment, or crop

friends."How significant that statement is. We need failure? Brethren, let's get these questions burned

to be friends to our neighbors, friends to one another, into our soul and answer them the way they should and to carry on as we should in the positions we hold be answered.

in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Do you emphasize the importance of family coThe purpose of the Church Welfare Program is to operation and assistance? Do the members of your

build men and women, to save souls, to lead them ward feel free to call for welfare assistance when in to immortality and eternal life. If we will always need? Do you make them feel welcome and a part of

keep this in mind and not get lost in details of administhe welfare program when they are receiving, as well tration, we will be able to carry out the spirit of the as when they are giving?

program and be successful in it. Do you provide employment for those who are

The welfare program outlined by the Church is able to work? If you take care of a person from

inspired. The Lord is the head of this Church, the the time he is born until the time he leaves this earth,

chief cornerstone, and he directs its affairs through you may destroy his selfrespect. You don't build

the Prophet. If any of us think that the program of in him something that needs to be built. But if you

the government can take the place of or in any way give him help in obtaining employment, you are not improve the programs that are outlined by the just encouraging him to earn what he gets; you are

Church, we are on the wrong track. It is our responsialso helping him develop selfrespect, and in turn,

bility to carry out this welfare program as given to us his family and neighbors will have increased respect by the Lord through the prophets. for him. He must feel that he is doing his part and

The administration of the Church Welfare Program carrying on as a part of the community.

is placed upon the bishop or branch president, who In the welfare program we give help willingly. We

understands the conditions of the people in his ward give out of love, not because of demand or taxes.

or branch. We as individuals are encouraged to be Church welfare is administered by local authorities

generous in our giving, to be a part of this program, who know the conditions and needs of the members, to participate wherever we can, while we are physiwith everybody voluntarily joining in to help.

cally and financially able, on welfare projects and The administration of this program rests on the with fast offerings, and to make available through shoulders of the bishops or branch presidents and the our efforts and willingness those things that will assist stake presidents. To those who have been called to

others when they need help. these positions I say, "While you are in your position,

The head of the Church doesn't say, "Now you must the responsibility of the welfare program is yours.

meet this condition in order to get a little welfare Either it will succeed and the program will go forhelp,"or "Your ward or stake must meet this condiward, or it will fail, according to your interest in and tion."You are told how you should perform in your ability to do the work to which you have been called."

position in order that those who are in need of wel- "Wherefore, now let every man learn his duty, and fare are given the proper help. to act in the office in which he is appointed, in all

Do you as bishops know the economic condition of diligence.

each family in your ward? Are they in debt? Are "He that is slothful shall not be counted worthy to

they gainfully employed? Do they need assistance? stand, and he that learns not his duty and shows himAre you continually encouraging all members of self not approved shall not be counted worthy to

your ward to participate in and contribute to the stand."(D&C 107:99100.)

welfare program? Do you make them feel it is an We are all engaged in the work of the Lord. We

opportunity to give of their means, their time, and have been called to the work, and if we do our duty, their effort? those who need help will receive it. They will be

Do you know how many families in your ward have built up so that they can enjoy selfrespect and the a year's food supply? Do you have your own? spirit of the gospel and prepare themselves for eternal

Do those who are gainfully employed feel the imlife. May we all do our part, and may the blessings

of the Lord attend us, that it can be said of us, when ( Adapted from an address given April 7, 1967, at the genwe have finished our work here, "Well done, thou eral Church welfare meeting.) good and faithful servant."(Matt. 25:21.) q

August 1967 67 Presiding Bishopric's Pcige

Some Challenges for Leaders of YoungMen

In some parts of the world there are men who the priesthood, the 12year-old deacon will be less make a livelihood by acting as big game guides. They sure of himself and more willing to accept guidance

guide and direct men in the search for trophy game and direction than the 17year-old priest. He should

found only in certain geographical areas. Their read and inform himself on the characteristics and

services are sought by both skilled and novice hunters. needs of young men of each age group so he can deal

The effective guide allows the hunter to do for himwith each one effectively and intelligently.

self everything that he himself can do safely, including Priesthood leaders should expect neither less nor tracking, stalking, and bagging game. It is his assignmore from these young men than they are capable

ment to help the hunter where needed and to direct of doing. They should give them ample opportunity

through the hunter's own efforts an exciting to think through their problems and come to their experience. own conclusions and convictions.

Those who would be successful leaders of young An effective priesthood adviser applies a vital men in the priesthood would do well to ponder the criterion to all judgments of young men and their orientation of the big game guide in carrying out his activities. It is contained in one word: Why? He is

leadership assignment. Priesthood leaders should do not as concerned with what the young man says,

nothing for the young man who is preparing for the believes, or does as he is with the reason for the exacting experiences of adulthood that he can do for young man's action and reaction. An effective adviser

himself. searches for the basic motivation, the why of the

Aaronic Priesthood bearers need the opportunity for situation; he is not misled by surface symptoms of a

selfdiscovery and selfdirection whenever it can be young man's problems.

safely given them. Only in this way can they develop If the adviser hopes to learn what a young man's

into strong members of the Melchizedek Priesthood. basic motives are, he must become a good listener.

The young man who receives the Aaronic PriestThe young man will soon find out whether the leader hood should realize that bearing the priesthood of is able and willing to help him grow, repent of his

God makes him different from other young men who mistakes, and strengthen his testimony, or whether do not bear this priesthood. Priesthood leaders should he will be quickly reprimanded before he has an

stress this fact, particularly when a young man has opportunity to tell how he feels or to ask for help.

just received the priesthood. However, this differThis does not mean the adviser should condone the

ence should be constantly reaffirmed. It is essential young man's attitude or his actions. It means that

that the young men who bear the Aaronic Priesthood the young man can sense his leader's empathy—his

come to internalize the "new image"they have understanding—and can look upon the leader as a

through the conferral of the Aaronic Priesthood. friend and helper. Pascal gave a motto that all who

Leaders of the Aaronic Priesthood should be conhope to help people grow in knowledge and faith cerned primarily with helping the young men achieve should never forget. It is: "Whom can I teach but

maximum activity and involvement within the offices my friend."

of the priesthood they hold. This means priesthood There is generally little doubt in the mind of a

leaders should have faith in their young men and young man as to what is right and what is wrong. His

help them have faith in themselves. big difficulty lies in implementing the principles of

Just as every game guide must know about the the gospel in his life. Too often the mistake is made

physical condition and hunting capabilities of his of assuming that intellectual knowledge and accepguests, so the priesthood leader should know all about tance of standards of righteousness guarantee their his young men. He will need to visit them, to talk practice in his life.

with them about their hobbies, to know something The priesthood leader should therefore listen paof their adjustment and activities in school, and to tiently while the young man talks about his life. If

be aware of their feelings toward and their activities he has serious difficulties, he should help him bring in the Church. He should be in a position to conthem out for examination and evaluation. A young

gratulate each young man on his successes and encourman in difficulty may be ashamed of his acts and age him to face his failures and learn from them. try to hide them. The result is that he will rationalEach leader should recognize that as a novice in ize away any concern for his behavior.

68 Improvement Era However, if the young man can courageously face which are meaningless to young'men today. These

those aspects of his life that are not in harmony with examples of past human experience can be used gospel principles, he can be helped to find ways to profitably to point up the eternal nature of gospel overcome them. The leader may even give some principles. However, they should be used in proper

suggestions on how this can be done, being careful proportion, with the purpose of finding out why the to let the young man set up the final course of action person did what he did and determining the results himself if at all possible. If failure is experienced—as of such actions. Again we point out that teaching

it no doubt will be from time to time—the leader methods and interviewing procedures should be

should be full of faith in the young man and urge him strongly oriented toward the presentday world with to try again and again to keep up the effort to grow which the young man is acquainted and which he is or change for the better. trying to understand and to which he must adjust.

Several basic principles should always be kept in The following summary will help the adviser evalumind in guiding young men: ate his performance:

1. Go slowly. The young man may have been fol- 1. He will encourage each young man to participate

lowing an undesirable pattern of thinking or behaving and become involved in his priesthood activities to for some time and may need time to change. the full extent of his ability.

2. Help the young man to help himself. Do not 2. He will strive to know much about each young

become his alterego; strengthen him for selfdirection man in order to be able to guide and instruct him.

and selfdetermination in life. Help him to use all 3. He will gauge his expectations of each young

his personal resources the best way he can. man on a realistic basis.

3. Get all the help you can in understanding and 4. He will let his young men think through their

guiding the young man from others who have influlessons and problems and come to their own concluence in his life. sions and convictions as much as possible. He will be

4. Do not become discouraged if there are setthe kind of teacher who opens the door and then steps

backs and if progress seems slow. aside so the young men can walk through.

5. Remember that improving or changing certain 5. He will never render a judgment or decide on

environmental aspects of a young man's life outside a course of action until he knows the basic "why"of his church activities is most effective in helping him each young man's attitude or conduct.

to develop himself in righteousness. These may be in 6. His first approach to a young man is that of a

his home life, his school life, his social life, or in the good listener, and he resorts to reproof only when area of his economic needs. necessary, as indicated in D&C 121:4145.

6. Retain a gentle, underlying firmness as to what 7. He tries to have the young men regard him as a

is desirable and right or what is one's duty in the friendly adviser and advocate. They should feel that

gospel. This should radiate from the adviser's own no matter what their problems are, they can *iirn

personality, his character, his way of life, his reputato him for guidance and help.

tion in the community. 8. He stands firm on matters of right and wrong so

7. Keep confidences. A leader of young men who there should never be any doubt in any young man's

gains the reputation of not keeping confidences formind; thus each one knows that his adviser is informed

feits the vital trust that is absolutely necessary for and has firm convictions from which he does not him to be an effective adviser. deviate in word or deed.

Young men live in the present. It is their imme- 9. He knows that the young men are not as stable

diate task to understand the present, their relationand mature as he is, so he makes appropriate ship to it, and what they must do to adequately adjust allowances, to the world in which they find themselves. They 10. He keeps all confidences.

need instruction on how to implement the principles 11. His lessons are well prepared and are centered

of the gospel in their present lives. in the present life of the young men.

Leaders sometimes have a tendency to spend too 12. He urges them to be conscious of the difference

much time on how adults in strange and presently the priesthood makes in their daily lives. Bearing the

nonexistent cultures met problems, the details of priesthood of God is a privilege and a responsibility.

O

August 1967 69 The most popular "Today's Family"recipes of the \past nine years. \\( The10

JAY h"

"That was the most effective we can overlook the lack of exact- a twinkle in his eye and a followspeech I have ever heard.""Toness because of the added enthusiup: "Mother, you know I am just

night's sunset was the most beauasm and interest engendered, but playing."

tiful one ever.""He is the we must realize where truth ends It is tiresome when someone sets

handsomest man in the world."and fantasy begins. himself up as a judge and says

"That was the best party I ever Children have a way of mixing something is the best or the worst, attended."truth with fiction. John comes in the weakest or the strongest, never

Many people talk this way. from play saying he has just killed once adding "in my opinion."Our

Superlatives have a way of bal- a lion. In the middle of the night newspapers are filled with lists of

looning. Phrases such as the he has stories to tell of bears in "the best dressed,""the worst

tallest, the biggest, the handsomest, the closet and giants at the windressed,""the most cooperative,"the best are all used to describe dow. It is difficult for a mother "the least cooperative"people in

one person's exuberance. These to explain to a son or daughter this world today. None of us

expressions are usually not the the difference between the real and should be impressed by such lists;

consensus of the majority or even the imaginary so that the child can they are not the opinion of the of the speaker's feelings tomorrow. draw the line between an untruth majority. Out of the millions of

The listener should take it with a and creative imagination. people in the world, how can one

grain of salt when another indiMan's imagination has made him conclusively decide the ten best or vidual speaks to him in superlagreat; we must never stifle this worst of anything?

tives. In the name of honesty and quality in a child. Nourish this After expressing ourselves so

also of clear, concise thought, there creativeness by telling him imaginafrankly, we hesitate to call the is little to say for superlatives. tive stories, and encourage the recipes this month "Our Ten Best."

Exaggeration is a close cousin child to do the same. But always But truthfully, this is the opinion

to superlatives. Many people have state where truth ends and fantasy of not just one or two people but

the habit of making a good story begins, and the next time John of you our readers who have better by embroidering the details. runs into the house and says, "I selected these as the ten most popuWomen especially have been achave just trapped the biggest lion lar recipes we have printed on these

cused of this tendency. At times in the whole world,"there will be pages in the last nine years. These

70 Improvement Era Today's Family<Best

,:.....,.

are the recipes you have told us Put one package of the cream cheese sized loaves- -delicious and so fineand 2 cups of milk in the blender and grained.

you have enjoyed the most and mix well. Pour into heavy saucepan

used the most often. You have and repeat with the other package of 3. Yearround Chili Sauce

cream cheese and the other 2 cups said that has a one found each salt, 1 garlic of milk. the cup Add of No. cans tomatoes 3 2y2 taste. salt to cheese, and Parmesan in place cooking everyday your and green 2 peppers

stirring heat, conover Cook medium large onions 3 planning. meal half stantly until the bubbly. Pour 1 vinegar cup

broccoli sprinkle the over sauce and of misplaced have few you may A 1 salt tablespoon half of with the remaining Parmesan cloves teaspoons iy2 recipes, of these your copy or some breasts with cheese. the chicken Top 1 teaspoon cinnamon

large pieces). (cut into conveniently of started subyour you have may allspice teaspoon y2 over chicken Put the remaining sauce 1 brown sugar cup scription after recipes these were breasts, sprinkle the remainwith and to white cup sugar y2 lA ing cheese. title Parmesan printed. boldly For you we pepper teaspoon l/2 F. 350 at for Let minutes. Bake 25

Best."them "Our Ten it serving, before minutes and stand 10 Put tomatoes, peppers, the onions and

will (This set up. sauce the sauce ingrinder. food is through other Add

delicious vegetables.) over served most until gredients, carefully and simmer Best Our Ten

Stir desired consistency. the often, 2. Bread Honey

it will burn the of because on bottom 1. Joyce's Chicken Breasts into sterilized pan. the Pour hot cups honey iy2

in seal. bottles jars and opened Keep (Serves 12) milk cups iy2

refrigerator. cup sugar % chicken 16 breasts flour cups 3% 4. Rolls Twist a With Sweet frozen broccoli packages 4 soda teaspoons IV2

2 8-ounce packages of cream cheese IV2 teaspoons salt (recipe can be doubled) 1 quart milk IV2 cups chopped walnuts or pecans 2 teaspoons cooking oil or shortening cup 1 yeast cake garlic salt Y3 Salt to taste beaten eggs, 2 tablespoons lukewarm water 4 2 cups grated Parmesan cheese 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup milk, scalded 4 tablespoons shortening Simmer the chicken breasts until just Bring the honey, milk, and sugar to a 4 tablespoons sugar tender; remove the skin and bone. Reboil; cool. Sift dry ingredients together. 1 teaspoon salt

serve the chicken broth for other use. Add the nuts, cooking oil or shorten- 2 eggs, beaten

Cook the broccoli according to direcing, eggs, and vanilla. Add the cooled 31/2 cups flour (approximately)

tions on package. Arrange broccoli in honey mixture, and beat for about 2

the bottom of a buttered casserole minutes. Turn into wellgreased loaf Soften yeast in lukewarm water. Com-

(using individual casseroles makes this pans. Bake at 325 F. for about 1 bine shortening, sugar, and salt with

dish extra special). hour. This amount will make 4 mediumscalded milk. Cool to lukewarm. Add

August 1967 71 softened yeast. Add eggs. Gradually egg, well beaten

stir in flour to form soft dough. Beat. teaspoon salt

Cover with damp cloth. Let rise (82 lA teaspoon cinnamon

F.) until double. This takes about 2 l cup flour

hours. Turn out on floured board. li/2 teaspoons soda

Knead slightly again and form. From Vz cup milk

this dough you can make 2 wreaths, Walnuts (be generous) 1 very large braid, or 2 dozen hot cross buns. After forming, let double in Remove stems from persimmons, and

bulk again. Bake at 350 F. until press fruit through a sieve to obtain

golden brown. pulp. Put ingredients together in order

When making wreaths, divide dough given. Pour mixture into a wellgreased

into 2 pieces. Roll to a piece 18 by 6 mold set inside a covered steamer.

inches, brush with melted butter, and Steam for 2 hours, and do not remove sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar. Roll the lid of the steamer during that time.

up and form the 18inch roll into a Serve hot with whipped cream or circle. Cut partway through dough vanilla ice cream. This is a very dark,

every 2 inches; twist each piece up. lightas-a-cloud nut pudding.

To make the braid, divide the dough into 3 pieces, and make 3 rolls as for the wreath. Attach three rolls together 8. Frozen Fruit Salad

at top ends and braid loosely. Let rise

study with Robert Steur tohot,doublefrost inlightlybulk andwithbake.thin Whilepowderedstill cuptablespooncold watergelatin

sugar and water frosting. Sprinkle with 1 cup mayonnaise

nuts, cherries, citrus, etc. 2 cups whipping cream

l tall can sliced pineapple (drained Hair Styling team member!

5. Alicebeth's Raspberry Ice 1 andlargecutcanintofruitsmallcocktailpieces)(drained)

Cream Nuts and other fruit, such as bananas

You can study for a beauty career of the (Serves 8) Steur, with Robert member and disin cold water gelatin Soak

Styling Hair S. Olympic U. fourman to over Add gelatin solve hot water.

Team. Expert instructors all trained 3 egg whites mayonnaise and whipping cream (whipmethods. 1 Steur in his Robert sugar by cup in Freeze fruit and nuts. Fold in ped).

information. frozen raspberries, partially 1 for scholarship package Write Slice serve on trays. and refrigerator

drained greens.

Vz pint whipping cream, whipped 1 tablespoon lemon juice Kob&xJb <Steu/t Pinch of salt 9. Butter Rolls

COLLEGE OF BEAUTY Whip the egg whites until they stand iy2 cups milk beating in peaks. Slowly add sugar, 1205 Wilmington Ave., S.L.C. Phone 4869367

and constantly. Add raspberries, whip y21 cupteaspooncold watersalt

to the consistency of thick whipped 2 tablespoons sugar cream. Fold in carefully whipped 2 eggs

Freeze juice, and salt. cream, lemon cakes 2 yeast

refrigerator stirring in shallow of flour to 5 cups 4I Robert Steur College of Beauty 1 without 1 205 Wilmington Ave. trays. % pound of butter

Salt Lake City 6. Bestever Chili Scald the milk; add the cold water,

Please send me information about your salt, and sugar. Cool to lukewarm.

courses and scholarships. 3 cups chili beans Beat the eggs and add. Break the yeast

2 bay leaves into the mixture; beat well with the

2 pounds ground beef (lean) electric beater or by hand. Add the

4 onions, chopped flour and beat. Let stand covered in a

1 bud garlic, minced warm place until double in bulk. Turn

address 1 quart canned tomatoes out on floured board and knead lightly.

thick. -inch Spread to about Roll out chili powder 1 tablespoon y3

all of butter. (Use softened with the powder teaspoon curry y2 into long butter.) 1%-inch Cut cumin the powdered i tablespoon

i tablespoon salt strips. Cut each strip into l-inch

Cayenne pepper to taste pieces. Stack on end, 3 to 4 pieces to

ATTENTION a muffin tin. Let rise, covered, until

SCANDINAVIANS Wash6 cups chiliwaterbeans;and bayputleaves.in kettleBoil untilwith 450light F.and doubled in bulk. Bake at

garlic and onions, meat, Fry you have a family Coat of Arms, Seal, tender. Do to drained is Add browned. until meat or Insignia? Sim10. Lemon Ice Cream ingredients. with remaining beans

We can reproduce or research. mer for about an hour.

2 quarts of milk all files contain Norwegian Our sugar 4 cups and Danish 7. Persimmon Pudding Insignia plus record on many accompanying juice 3/ cup lemon

family genealogies. (a holiday delight) 1 cup table cream

iy2 teaspoons lemon extract Write for FREE information.

1 cup persimmon pulp or in hand freeze Mix and sugar 1 cup VIKING HERALDICS eat. Relax freezer. and butter cream electric iceO tablespoons Rexburg, Idaho 83440 2 Box 497

72 Improvement Era The Church Moves On

May 1967 Hodgkinson and Leland H. Tuft,

counselors. Olympus (Salt Lake

Rl The First Presidency anCity) Stake—LeGrand R. Curtis,

nounced the following calls president; John Langeland and

as mission presidents: Jack H. Goaslind, Jr., counselors.

J. Fielding Nelson, who is curPhiladelphia (Pennsylvania) Stake

rently serving as a member of the—Mark B. Weed, president; Guy

University (Salt Lake City) Stake B. Alexander and G. Merrill Anhigh council. drus, counselors. Wayne (Utah)

Lenard D. Robison, member of Stake—Rex L. Albrecht, president;

the priesthood missionary comKarl P. Mathis and Rulon S. Ellett,

mittee and formerly of the Reno counselors.

(Nevada) Stake presidency.

Guatemala City Stake, the June 1967 Somedesigns50 instyleswhiteincludeand latestall L.D.S.parchments.temple

first such unit of the Church Matchingaccessories.MormonOne dayalbums,rush napkins,order service.other

in Central America, was organized Free buses began running under the direction of Elder between Temple Square and

Marion G. Romney of the Council Welfare Square as an aid for tourof the Twelve and Elder A. Theoists. The service has been provided Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded

dore Tuttle of the First Council of by the Church for several sumon first order. (50c if air mail desired.)

the Seventy. Udine Falabella was mers. REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

sustained as president, with GuilName -

The appointments of Virginia Address - lermo Eurique Rittscher and Erwin

B. Cannon, Barbara M. City, Zone, State -Rafael Afre Gutierrez as counselSmoot, Delia Mae I. Rasmussen,

ors. Maurine M. Hughes, and Marilyn

Pasco Stake was organized by a Wood Taggart to the general BLACK & WHITE division of the Richland (Washboard of the Primary Association ington) Stake by Elder Howard rollW. Hunter of the Council of the were announced. LIVI9 8 exposure

Twelve and Elder Eldred G. New stake presidencies DEVELOPED & PRINTED

Smith, Patriarch to the Church. Stanley E. Dalton, president IN JUMBO SIZE

David K. Barber was sustained as of Panguitch (Utah) Stake, with 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

president, with Don C. Marley and Jay A. Riggs and Harold A. Gott36 exposures $1.50

as counselors. G. BleazardHeber fredson as counselors; V. Conrad COLOR FILM the total stakes bringThese two Hatch, president of Cedar Weststakes in the Church to 437. (Utah) Stake, with Gail B. DunDEVELOPING

KODACOLOR First Roll anPresidency can and Robert H. Linford as 8-Exposure The C c Per roll Printing $2.55 Dev. and of counselors. the appointment nounced per 12Exposure nfl Roll *o$O.UU ro || PrintingStanley Rees, high priests Dev. and D.

All eight missionaries serving Color Reprints 204 eachgroup leader of Holladay 20th in Lebanon are safe at the Salt Lake City, as a missionWard, SLIDES COLOR in durBeirut American Embassy per Slides Color 135 mmpresident. roll...$1.35 Mount and exp., Dev. 20 crisis in ing the current the Middle

per Slides Color 135 mm The First Presidency anEast, President Rendell N. Mabey 36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll

nounced the appointment of of the Swiss Mission, under whose Color8 mm, Movie25'Roll $1.35 perroll

Bryan F. West, president of Philajurisdiction they serve, reported.

(Pennsylvania) Stake, as a delphia president.mission The eight LDS missionaries GENEALOGYNEGATIVES MADEPHOTOSof OLD

recently serving in the MidPHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

New stake presidencies susdle East were in Rome, waiting to of NEGATIVE, 54 each tained: Murray (Utah) Stake be reassigned by the Swiss MisSend coin only—no C.O.D.'s

—Harold J. Shaw, president; Grant sion. MoneyBack Guarantee

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Depl. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

August 1967 73 Buffs and Rebuffs Does your From Vietnam in content, but also in the layout, contemporized. is masterfully

George M. McCune insurance man I am aboard the aircraft carrier USS which

that to say happy and am work for Vietnam,Hornet, deployed off the coast of Brigham Young University Yearend Index priests, elders, three we have three and two investigators who attend our regular meetings. By checking mediMay I make a suggestion? I have a

cal files and other reports we hope to difficult time finding articles in past find other Latterday Saint boys. But issues because there is no indexing

it is through this fine magazine that provided subscribers. I'd even be

we are kept in touch with the Church. willing to pay more to get a good

to the Era. index the world who Servicemen around

if independent an he's does He P. R. Tucker look it feel forward do as and read we

represents agent, insurance who Denver, Colorado call their month. each to and Era mail

companies, insurance fine several Leader Horn, Group M. Frank

to comallegiance no one owes shortly index annual an 3 Warfare Group We print Antisubmarine first. serve to you free He's pany. the first each the year for after of

agents, so we're independent We're is It basically a title previous volume. Lighting Temple Oakland time. Call side. any us your on index, key with author and many

I was thrilled with the beautiful night subjects included, and is available picture (May) of the Oakland Temupon request for 104. Also, three

ple. My husband, Harold W. Burton, cumulative indexes of the Era have

produced been Young by Brigham architects, the spent many one of as CO. J. GRANT & HEBER I, 18971935; University: Volume effort with painstaking of hours City Salt Lake General Agents, HI, II, 19361955; Volume his electrical conVolume Wilford Newland,

sultant, to achieve the results you 19561965. They are available at Unipictured. The night lighting was an versity Publications, Brigham Young

inspired conception, involving exhausUniversity, for $3.50 a volume.

tive experimentation and great skill.

The results were beautifully depicted. General Authority Biographies

Evelyn E. Burton

Los Angeles, California For me, one of the highlights of last year's Era was the November magaDearest Dad zine with its fullpage portraits and biographies of members of the First

I enjoyed very much "My Dearest Presidency and the Council of the

FOR OLDFASHIONED Dad and Mom"(June), but who was Twelve. Would it be possible to do the

HEALTHGIVING the author? Ralph Roberts sameties? for the other General AuthoriGOODNESS Boise, Idaho Robert Rossbert

Seattle, Washington CORONA"The author is Maralee Pratt of Salt timely note letters permits us to inform actual Your were City. TheyGRAIN MILL Lake

the other that other readers parents, to and her who you wrote that shefor use with to the corn,wheat, nuts, Authorities—Patriarch submitted them to us. General

etc. Easily adjusts to the Council Assistants Church, of

finefor or coarse the First the Twelve, members of Rarotongagrinding. Regular

#1 C model $9.95 Council of the Seventy, and the Prepostpaid. New siding be featured in article printed an back you Bishopric—will time Some

mill withmodel 1 extraCTSP 1967 issue. of Raroour November history missionary thefine plates grinding $10.95 on

postpaid. East of tonga (May 1966). The author reRockies $1.00 add Holy Tours the Land 1900 after shortly that ported

either mill. onpostage without islands were Rarotongan

Extra fine plates grinding article in interested the I I most missionaries. was Saint Latterday 1for old mill available. C

particuin the Era, on I March Petra entered like to that report should

PRICESWRITE FOR tour larly it mentioned because a by or in Mission Islands Society the May ELECTRIC MILLSON I obtain could Saints. Latterday to assigned How of and 1901 was June

"Special"quantity prices to church groups the tour a through about information I there served Rarotonga, and mills both on grain mixer. bread and fellow I Latterday rewith until Holy Land mission throughout my

turned home December 1903. My last Saints?

companion, Elder Heber Heiner, was, Mrs. John Almquist

I believe, sent to Tahiti to finish his New York City mission.

Thomas Loveland In the spring each year, Brigham

Pleasant Grove, Utah Young University sends a Bible

Lands tour to the Near East. Also,

Contemporized Era several travel agencies operated by

Latterday Saints send yearly or biMay I congratulate you on the May yearly tours to the Holy Land. Adverissue of the Era, one of the finest I tisements in the Era often list these

BREAD MIXER have ever seen. If the issues keep tours. Incidentally, this year's BYU

makes a bread batch for 1 to 4 loaves getting better, it will be hard to betour was in Cairo, Egypt, when the broke conflict out, and for IsraeliArab lieve. see I cannot room much to you. postpaid... $13.95

but Beirut, Lebanon, issue truly got as far as improvement. The May Sales Utah residents Tax add 49c

speaks from the modern age, not only tvas unable to enter the Holy Land.

Send orders to:

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah

74 Improvement Era ATTENTION, Wants to Go to Hawaii CHOIR in entering the Era This ruling was adopted because theI am interested of Youth Writing Contest. However, Church College of Hawaii was estab-

I am primarily interested in winning lished 'primarily for Polynesians and CONDUCTORS!

a scholarship to the Church College other residents of Pacific islands and of Hawaii. Could you tell me why students from the mainland are not Suggested LDS Choir Anthems

to attend. hope, the encouragedstudents cannot mainland from howWe

Gates Eventide Me, 'Tis Abide With M college? ever, this to that discourage won'tapply for a scholarship you from

Schreiner Glory, Honor and Laud M the contest. entering arc All Details Louise 1967 Grant

Bountiful, Utah published in the Era of Youth. All in the April Evening Robertson M

America the Beautiful Asper M Awake! Arise! Stickles E

Beautiful Zion for Me Daynes E

Bless Ye the Lord Ivanoff E * Brother James Air Jacob M

Richard L. Evans Come, Come Ye Saints Robertson D

Come, Come Ye Saints Cornwall M

to God Kessel M Eberlein Holy The Spoken Word GloryGodFor theis Beauty of the Earth Davis M M

God So Loved the World Stainer E

Strength, The Marriage... and Maturity GospelGospel Gives Unbounded Schreiner E Is Truly the Power Schreiner M

of God He Watching Over Israel Mendelssohn M there is still one... girl... who hopes to reform the man after Here in This House Howorth M

Holy City Arnold MD said a observer, is: Don't. the "advice him,"she has married seasoned If

Beautiful Upon the Harker How MD

. Mountains If for.. doesn't the a life person your main specifications meet

companion now, the chances are 99 to 1 that... nothing you can do I ShallThis WayNot Pass Again Effinger E

after the ceremony will improve matters."1 This may not always be so. If CommandmentsYe Love Me, Keep My Carlbon M

Certainly there are exceptions. But people tend to continue to be basically In My Father's House MacDermid M

what they are and to believe what they believe. And the desire to please, Jerusalem,Jesus, Name ofTurnWondrousThee Love TitcombGounod MM

to change, to reform, to reshape themselves after marriage seems less King of Love My Shepherd Is Shelley D certain than the promises and protestations before marriage. And a LetTroubledNot Your Heart Be Foster M

nagging marriage with its reminder of unfulfilled promises has abrasiveLet Us Oft Speak Kind Words Gates E ness and heartbreak in it. "If you... were paddling a canoe together,"Lo,Lo, WhatMy Shepherda BeauteousIs DivineRose PraetoriusHaydn MDM

said another, "the important thing is... that each paddle... in the Lord Bless You and Keep You Lutkin E

Mendelssohn Is God, a Mighty The M direction. marriage, different goal,... In has a if eachsame they

Verdi will LordLord Our MD Hear Prayer

Richards especially Is as to standards Lordalways Shepherd, This is true M be in trouble."The basic and My

beliefs. Oh, how important to remember this before marriage is entered Lord'sLord's PrayerPrayer GatesRobertson MMD

into, and never let such farreaching facts be obscured by the attraction May Now Thy Spirit Trehorne M

Lives Redeemer Gates Mof the moment, or the music and moonlight. "Marriage,"said Margaret My

Be Chambers Let the Heavens M Now

Lee Runbeck, "should be something worked toward with every step you Joyful

E Holler All Our God Thank Now Wetake. It shouldn't called unforeseen like being be an emergency, upon All Our M God Bach Thank Now We

Robertson Brother of."3 M Man aunexpectedly subject you've heard never speech on a to make

In a great understatement, an unknown writer said: "Marriage... isn't theCast LordThy Burden Upon Aulbach E

a relationship of perfection. It is a relationship of imperfect people who Come, Let Us Worship Mendelssohn M

can make it happy or unhappy,... and no one else can, but the two PastGod, Our Help in Ages Cornwall M

people who are parties to it."And nowhere more than in marriage—LoftyLoving MountainsSavior, Slain for Us CannonAuber MM

nowhere more than in this closest relationship of life—should two people Worship the King Cornwall M

be more courteous and kind and considerate. For whom should we show OpenOnwardOurYe EyesPeople SibeliusMacfarlane MD

the better side of ourselves? Where else but home and family should Open the Gates Jenkins M

M Wayfaring Man of Grief Durhamwe be better or at our best? To whom should we wish more to make Poor

Robertson M Son of Man ourselves attractive? Look most forthrightly and honestly at the facts Spirit of God Neidlinger M

before marriage, with those to whom you have pledged love and loyalty. Still, Still With Thee Shelley M

"A successful marriage is worth all the time, patience, [kindness and ThanksThat Blessedto Thee,Easter LordMorn HandelCaldwell ME consideration] it takes."4 Verdant Meadows Handel M

We Are Watchmen Schreiner MD:jfc"The Spoken Word"from Temple With a Voice of Singing Shaw M

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia BroadThe Letters E, M, MD and D indicate easy, casting System April 9, 1967. Copyright 1967. medium, medium difficult, and difficult.

Colliers, September Better Editorial, "For or for Worse,"is 25c to 30c

Partnership/'Ladies'a sjTaul Your Marriage Home19, 1942,Journal,p. 86 Average Price Popenoe"Make

June 1942, p. 31. 3Margaret Runbeck, "To Our Baby's Husband

February Housekeeping, Stewart's Good An Pate Open Letter,"1942 Ora

CoZfters fagji/riTw9ZjuLMf 1/ Divorce,"Editorial, That *l'Don't Child"a Rush "To fgifj 13, 1941, p. 86. December Trio or Solo * Music Co\

50c each IDAHO P.FALLS,O. BoxIDAHO2009 83401

August 1967 75 U.S. Presidents have committed troops into war

at least 176 times without congressional eAWnk approval.

War, Peace, Congress, and the U.S. Constitution

These Times

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University

What is the role of the Congress with France in 1798, and there are of the United States in making, many examples of Presidents comprosecuting, and terminating war? mitting American troops to foreign

No one disputes the congressoil without a congressional decsional prerogative of declaring laration of war.

war. Article I, Section 8 of the Is the constitutional prerogative

Constitution explicitly confers that of declaring war, then, a dead power on the Congress. But Conletter?

gress has not declared war for There are some important inmore than 25 years. Meanwhile, gredients in the power of Congress

major "wars"have been waged by to declare war. Perhaps most imthe United States in Korea and in portant, the formal action of both

South Vietnam. Congress has supthe House of Representatives and

ported both wars, with appropriathe Senate assures careful considtions and with other means. eration of the issues. Congressional

In the Korean case, 19501953, action also tends to insure public

President Harry S Truman brought support and the largest measure of the conflict to the attention of the national unity. The Vietnam case

Security Council of the United is suggestive. If Congress were to

Nations. The Security Council debate and enact a formal declacalled on all U.N. members to ration of a state of war either with

assist in repelling the invasion of North Vietnam or with "insurgent

South Korea, and President Truforces in South Vietnam,"would man committed American forces there be less discontent at home?

on a large scale. He consulted With U.S. policy abroad? Would

members of the Congress but never the nation be subjected, and perasked for a declaration of war. haps embarrassed, by an interminIn the Vietnam case, successive able filibuster by the "doves"in

NEW PLEATED actions by three Presidents, Eisenthe Senate? Or would such a filiYOKE SHEATH J hower, Kennedy, and Johnson, led buster focus public attention on

to the present scale of operations. facts and implications that could

$20.00 During the Korean conflict, a possibly have been overlooked?

Our exclusive, elegant, mattefinish graduate student in political Answers to these questions are science, working under my direcnot available. Nor is it likely that tricot design—accented with sheer,

permanent pleats at yoke and sleeves. tion, found evidence that American a congressional declaration of war

Exquisite with pleated accessories. Presidents, beginning with Washwill again occur in the same sense

White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry. ington, had committed American and with the same dramatic sig-

P, S, M, L. #SSD-D. forces into action at least 176 times nificance as the declarations of

Matching Slip. 30 to 38. #6245. $8.00 without Congress's declaring war. 1812, of the SpanishAmerican

Mai! Check or M.0. Most were minor conflicts, many War in 1898, of April 1917, and of

Prepaid in U.S.A. with Indian tribes. However, John December 1941. 4873621 Phone:

Adams fought an undeclared war Congressional commitment is,

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

76 Improvement Era A TIP FOR however, necessary. It comes in RAISING CHILDREN

other ways. These ways could lead,

even in the Vietnam case, to a formal declaration of war or to a resolution accomplishing the same Too often "teaching moments"are missed purpose. What are these other because of a lack of religious understandways? They emerge from other ing. Let Home Study help you. You'll find

powers vested in the Congress by 27 religion courses ranging from gospe the Constitution. Following are principles and practices to genealogy.

the relevant texts found in Article

I, Section 8. All are preceded by WRITE TODAY FOR YOUR FREE CATALOG,

the phrase, "The Congress shall

E -6"67 STUDY,have the power...."HOME Young University, Provo, Utah Brigham

"11.... to declare war, grant

letters of marque and reprisal, and 1 Please send vour Home Study Catalog to:

make rules concerning captures on! NAME

land and water; ADDRESS

"12.... to raise and support CITY STATE

armies, but no appropriation of! ZIP CODE

money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years;

"13.... to provide and maintain a navy;

"14.... to make rules for the

government and regulation of the land and naval forces;

"15.... to provide for calling

forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections and repel invasions;

"16.... to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the

militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress."

Finally, paragraph 18 of this same section contains the famous "elastic clause"of 1787: "... to

make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into by your execution the foregoing powers,

Demonstrations Free ENGLISH? all SHAMED other vested powersand by this

quickly the overcome can you emNow Liquid Embroidery barrassment discouragement by caused and in ofConstitution the government

I. C. English. poor the new Method With TriChem by in English, mistakes stop can making you all States, in or United any departbuild vocabulary, readspeed your your up Instructions Free

like ing, write college to learn a and speak thereof."office orment

in only minutes a graduate. 15 Takes day in stores sold Not?GdodV Housekeeping'MAMMIES!

little! in off selfPays your Costs home. own provisions of 12 paragraph The nylon tip Flow E-Z higher recognition, New greater pay. confidence,

provide that should a President Visual Aids 2 Free booklets. Send for them today!

to your code.) include sure (Be nation to warcommit the Institute Bolander, Careerzip Don or write or to Phone

E. St., Large 16918, Mundelein, Illinois 555 60060military action congreswithout Salt Lake East Dept. 4th South 3554285 143

English. booklets on your mail 2 FREE Please me %

City, Salt Utah Lake 3945188 Ogden Name

Provo 3735031 84111 Address City -State Zio August 1967 77

I GENEALOGY 1 1 PICTURES 1 sional approval and support, he American withdrawal from Vietwould have to return to Congress nam, cessation of bombing, or a

SEND ANY SIZE ORIGINAL PHOTO (OR NEGATIVE) AND ONLY for appropriations. Paragraph 18 variety of other positions.

provides that despite the vesting Some public figures have tried $1.00 (by Article II) of the entire "execto avoid either label, recognizing

FOR utive power"in the President, inthe difficulties of undefined, symhim as "commander in chief,"ConIt is interesting to note that no 9 cluding the specific designation of bolic simplification.

BEAUTIFUL BLACK & WHITE gress still retains the power "to national figure, presidential aspiGENEALOGY SIZE REPRINTS make all laws... necessary and rant or otherwise, has called for

AND ONE 5X7 proper for carrying into execution Congress, the elected representaBLACK ENLARGEMENT AND WHITE

ORIGINAL RETURNED UN-... all... powers vested by this tives of the people, to adopt a

HARMED Constitution in the government of resolution, statement, or declaraSERVICE FAST VERY

PREPAID BACK TO YOU the United States, or in any departtion that would define the Ameriment or office thereof."Of course, can purpose in Vietnam. This could

should Congress attempt to influmean that everyone is content to

SEND EXTRA MONEY IF RETURN BY ence the conduct of a war by legislet the President, as representative

INSURED MAIL IS DESIRED. lation other than appropriations, of all the people, carry the burden,

the President's signature would be the responsibility, and the brunt of essential to the particular bill. the argument.

Otherwise Congress must override The American presidency is a \ CORPORATION his veto by a twothirds'vote. great and significant institution,

Battle deaths in the Vietnam war ranking with the Congress and the

P.O. BOX 2307 DEPT. E8 have exceeded those of every other Supreme Court as being among

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110 war in which the United States has the noteworthy political instituengaged, with the exception of the tions of all time. However, if the

Civil War, the two World Wars, Vietnam case lingers for a decade

It thus is often predicted or more (as by conflict it military responsible leaders), LEARN IN THE ranksand theas theKoreanfifth sizeableWar.

in forces quite possible that have American which some presidenLAND OF ZION is It already or tial aspirant engaged. have national another may

exceeded in size and scope the leader may see fit to involve the

OLLYWOOD KoreanSecretaryWar.of DefenseAs reportedon Novemberby the powers,Congress, morewith directlyits constitutionalinto the

17, 1966, 5,949 battle deaths of system of responsibility for the

U.S. forces in Vietnam had ocwar.

curred by that date. In addition, Such a step could be taken by EAUTY

1,343 others had lost their lives in means of joint resolution, by conaircraft accidents or from other current resolution, by means of a

OLLEGE causes,were 4,435for deathsa total inof the7,292.AmericanThere declarationappropriation,attachedin responseto a defenseto a

ranks in the War of the Revolution, presidential message, or in reHOME OFFICE: 245 SO. MAIN 17751783. sponse to a special request from

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 841 1 1 In the Vietnam case, the Amerithe President.

can military involvement has given Should serious questions conThe beauty profession is fascinrise to the labels "hawks"and tinue to arise, and should division ating and exciting.

"doves."The "hawks"are those of opinions become more procan learn You a leading to be

hair stylist little cost. who favor strong and energetic nounced in the national commufor such

support of the war. Some hawks nity, it would seem wise for the

Train with the Nation's Leading are more "hawkish"than others, voice of the Congress to be reCosmetology Instructors, and with some being relatively dovequested and to be heard. Congress enjoy the beauty of Salt Lake

Valley during your leisure hours. like. On the other hand, the may also be asked to assist in deWrite to Mr. James R. Trapp for "doves,"whether in or out of Contermining the successful and honinformation. gress, are those who seem to favor orable outcome of the course to

ACCREDITED BY THE NATIONAL ACCREDITING

COMMISSION FOR COSMETOLOGY SCHOOLS

78 Improvement Era which three Presidents have committed the nation, and toward which successive Congresses have Use this handy coupon to consistently voted funds and other RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONlegislative support.

There can be many advantages or order the Era for a friend in a situation where Congress does not formally declare a state of war to exist. When such an enactment The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 CLIP AND MAIL

takes place, certain rights, liabilities, and domestic operations are Please enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for immediately subject to the autoName matic play of many ancillary statAddress utes and other legal effects. ThereCity State Zip

fore, in the interests of the domestic economy, sound reasons (Check one) Give credit for this subscription to exist for not declaring a state of This is a renewal Ward or Branch war to exist. There are numerous

other reasons in connection with This is a gift Stake or Mission treaties, international engagements, If gift, also give name and address of donor years * yearsmemberships, and obligations. The Name Iyear$3.00,$5.75 t>$8.25

for each additional yearabsence of action by Congress, as Address Add $2.50

well as its action, therefore has to be prudently weighed.

In restoring a state of peace,

Congress sometimes may exercise a role not conveniently open to a AUERBACH'S LEADS THE WAY

President. In World War I, for

example, the United States Congress refused to ratify the Treaty BACKTO-SCHOOL of Versailles, signed by Woodrow With an outstanding selection of school time fashions for

Wilson June 28, 1919 with the students of all ages, from kindergarten to college, as well as other signatory powers. How did classroom necessities from gym suits to colored pencils.

the USA return to a state of peace, Use our ABC Credit plan then? By congressional resolution for school needs for your entire family

in July 1921! In World War II,

your receive Be you month pay each own banker—whenarmed conflict ended in Europe in

statement your only account your 1 /6 of balance or pay

May 1945 (VE Day) and in Asia each month (small service charge for credit).

in August 1945 (VJ Day). However, hostilities officially ended for

the United States on December 31, 1946, a year and a half later! How?

By a presidential proclamation of

Harry S Truman.

How does a "war"end that has not been "declared"and therefore, in the legal sense, does not exist?!i*n>HK)iH n<< >4H< >-M-( )

That is a good question in these times. It will be by patience, sufIN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

fering, and hard work. And the Aids in treatment of simple sore

world itself will have changed in throat and other minor mouth and <5s/v\\AJiA the meantime, as it changes during, throat irritations. JEWELRY CO.

and as a consequence of, each SALT2WEST2ND.LAKE CITYSOUTH1, UTAH DA 2-1039

major conflict. O HALLS REMEDY INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

Salt Lake City, Utah

August 1967 79 End of an Era

Members of our stake receive a gentle reminder when they call our stake Life Among the Mormons president on Mondayevenings. He answers the

Brotherly Love telephone, "Happy home evening. "-Submitted

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer by Margaret T. Peterson,

Monrovia, California As Brother Bee, right merrily,

And feeling young and sporty, The hope of the world, the

Gave his car the spur to sixty per prosperity of individuals and Down a highway zoned for forty, communities and nations can The siren of a cop only be realized in policies Commanded him to stop.

that provide for the uplift and prosperity of all.

"My, my,"he said, as he raised his head

H. Roberts To the officer at his side;—B.

"If I must get nabbed, I'm glad I was tabbed

At a recent stake conference By my good friend, Brother Hyde! the visiting authority noticed

tried true brother and A that the congregation at the can I you?"What do for

opening session was predominantly male. He asked "Well,"said the other, "I'm sad that a brother

one of the local authorities As fine as you got caught.

where all the womenfolk were. Believe you me, it's hard as can be

Probably sitting in their To do just what I ought.

cars"he was told, "ivaiting It's really an aggravation for their husbands to come and But here is your citation."

open the doors for them!"

by Myrle Phelps, Brother Bee, dejectedly,—Submitted

Montpelier, Idaho Took his ticket down to court;

And who should be there in the judge's chair

Letter of the Law But his good friend, Brother Short, My child goes and washes hands,

Looking so benign.

After numerous demands, Brother Bee felt fine.

And then returns with spotless fists

Just below his grimy wrists.

"Brother Short, I'm glad to report—Donna Evleth, Los Gatos, California

To a pal as good as you.

Why, arm in arm on the welfare farm A man who has a beautiful We worked the summer through!"

soul always has some beautiful "Indeed we did,"said the other.

things to say, but a man who "That's fifteen dollars, Brother!"

says beautiful things does not

Next Month: Building Fund necessarily have a beautiful soul.

—Confucius

Snobs talk as if they had "End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences begotten their own ancestors. relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.—Herbert Agar

80 Improvement Era RICKS COLLEGE An outstanding college owned and operated by

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

- Some quick facts about Ricks

Academic Program A comprehensive libClasses Srnall classes—superior faculty eral arts and scientific curriculum is offered—personal Mjention.

by ten divisions and 28 departments.

Church Activity \Ricks College Stake inAccreditation Ricks College is accredited cludes twelve waroV Nearly all positions by the Northwest Association of Secondary within the wards, except bishoprics, are and Higher Schools and is a member of filled by students. JNon - Latterday Saint

the American Association of Junior Colleges -students with high standards are welcome.

and the American Council of Education.

Enrollment Curreni enrollment at Ricks

Administration Ricks College is owned College is over 3,( )0. Over 400 come

and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ from outside Idaho, including 44 states of Latterday Saints. and Washington, D.C with more than 100

students from foreign countries

Assemblies Tuesday—devotional; ThursFounding ollege was founded Noday—forum and special programs. vember 12,

Athletics Participation in nine Graduates Ricks offers both the associate sports. r degree program and the junior college

diploma to graduates.

Campus and Facilities The Rexburg campus covers approximately 245 acres. In- K Honor Code All students who enroll at

cluded are seven academic buildingk,,'Ricks College agree to adhere to a studentstudent center, 10 residence halls, arid devised honor code. This includes high

several temporary classroom and bfficie standards of morality and abstinence from buildings. i alcohol and tobacco.

Registration Dates—August 23, 24, 25

Ricks CoHege RexburgrHdaho Where "Hi"is the password!

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

With Beneficial Life your whole family is sitting pretty

Father—you can provide a pile

of money with a stroke of the pen.

Money that will always be there for your family to fall back on..

money that can be used for education, missions, or to pay off the mortgage.- This pile of money

is an "Instant Estate"created as soon as you take out a policy with

Beneficial Life Insurance. There

are many types of protection your Beneficial Life agent is the man to tailor your insurance needs to fit your requirements.

Start "sitting pretty"with BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pro. \Jg*S Salt Lake Ci,y- U,ah