ir - "Continued Learning Key to Progress

This is the theme of the BYU Education Weeks (formerly Leadership Weeks) called the nation's greatest experiment in adult education. They will be presented in 43 locations in the summer of 1964. More

than 35,000 persons attended last year. In addition

47 oneday education events are being held so that some type of BYU class is within reach of almost every Church member in the United States and Canada. Classes will be taught by 60 BYU professors and

other local teachers in concentrated subjects in science, religion, literature, personal development, government, skills, and hundreds of others. Check the

following schedule for an Education Week in your area.

ARIZONA CIRCUIT

Snowflake, Arizona June 1, 2, 3

Mesa, Arizona June 4, 5, 6 Phoenix, Arizona June 8, 9, 10

SOUTHERN NEVADA CIRCUIT Las Vegas, Nevada June 4, 5, 6

UTAH CIRCUIT Ogden South June 1, 2, 3 Ogden North June 4, 5, 6 Provo, BYU Campus June 8, 9, 10, 11

Jordan Valley June 17, 18, 19 GrangerKearns June 22, 23, 24 Sugar House June 25, 26, 27 SOUTHWEST CIRCUIT Thatcher, Arizona June 17, 18, 19

El PasoJuarez, Texas June 22, 23, 24

Albuquerque, New Mexico June 26, 27, 29

PACIFIC NORTHWEST CIRCUIT Portland, Oregon June 18, 19, 20

Tacoma, Washington June 23, 24, 25

Seattle, Washington June 26, 27, 29

Moses Lake, Washington July 1, 2, 3

CANADIAN NORTHWEST CIRCUIT Calgary, Canada July 2, 3, 4 Lethbridge, Canada July 7, 8, 9

Spokane, Washington July 11, 13, 14

IDAHO CIRCUIT Rexburg, Idaho June 18, 19, 20

Idaho Falls, Idaho June 22, 23, 24

Blackfoot, Idaho June 25, 26, 27

Pocatello, Idaho June 29, 30, July 1

Boise, Idaho July 6, 7, 8 Ontario, Oregon July 9, 10, 11

Jerome, Idaho July 13, 14, 15 Burley, Idaho July 16, 17, 18 Preston, Idaho August 26, 27, 28

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA CIRCUIT San Fernando July 22, 23, 24 Santa Barbara July 24, 25 Santa Monica July 28, 29, 30 Long Beach July 31, August 1, 3

San Diego August 6, 7, 8 Orange County August 10, 11, 12

First Lincoln ofPainting Federal Savings used by courtesy and PasadenaMt. Rubidoux AugustAugust 13,17, 14,18, 1519 for originally Spokane, paintedLoan Association, it was whom

by Norman Rockwell. NORTHERN CALIFORNIANEVADA CIRCUIT

Bakersfield July 22, 23 Sacramento July 25, 27, 28 PLAN NOW TO ATTEND Oakland July 30, 31, August 1

Fresno August 4, 5 For information write or call Education Weeks Reno, Nevada August 7, 8

Office, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, or COLORADO CIRCUIT contact your local stake officers. Denver, Colorado August 26, 27, 28

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

NOVEL INSECT CONTROL WORKS

Several years ago the Era reported that male screwworm flies bred in captivity, sterilized by X-rays, and released, offered promise of control of this fly which cost about a 100 million dollar loss in cattle a year. The

basic research costs about a million dollars. Application of this new and

novel technique of insect control in

Florida in two years practically eliminated the insect with a savings in Florida alone of many times the research cost.

FORESTS OF BRAZIL

>UfcU>

The forests of Brazil have over twentyfive hundred different species of trees.

Look for the delightfully fresh and feminine new cartons of U and I powdered

WAGON ROAD IN ROCK and brown sugar... as well as fine granulated and superfine... same high quality..

A wagon road four feet deep in solid same pure natural food energy... homegrown and home produced.

rock has been ground by the wheels passing over the Oregon Trail along It's Pure Food Energy "From Our Land"the North Platte River near Guernsey, Wyoming.

PALESTINE POPULATION

The population in Palestine in the time of David (about 975 BC) was about threequarters of a million, and in the time of Isaiah (about 700

BC) about a million, compared with about a million and a half at the opening of the Christian era under

Roman rule. These are the estimates of Professor W. F. Albright.

MAY 1964 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for May 1964 Volume 67, Number 5

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Influence of the Temples, President David O. McKay 348 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Your Question: Why Should There Be Temples Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

President Joseph Fielding Smith.'. 350 344350 Art:Art: EdPiereeyMaryon

The Church Moves On, 340; Melchizedek Priesthood, 409; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 410. 355380 toto 358385 Photos:Photos: LorinDoyle WigginsL. Green and

others 358 Photo: Top Hal Rumel

Special Features 360363 Art:Art: JerryVirginiaThompsonSargent

364 Art: Jerry Thompson

369 Art: Dale Kilbourn

The Oakland Temple, Harold W. Burton, W. Aird Macdonald 380 372370 Photos;Art: LithoCountryby BosquiClub, Washington

Colored Pictures of Oakland Temple 384385 374 Photo: TownshipUnknown

The Purpose of the Temple, President David O. McKay 352 375B375A Photo:Photo: EdChurchPyle News

Colored Pictures of Temple Interiors.. 355358 375C375D Photo:Photo: EdClaudellPyle Johnson

The Church in Early California, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 370 376A376B Photo:Photo: EdO. WallacePyle Kasteler

377A Photo: Ed Pyle

The Church in Northern California Today 374 377B378A Photo:Photo: ChurchChurch NewsNews

Mothers and Grandmothers, Irma F, Bitner 363 378B379 Photo:Photo: EdEd MaryonMaryon

Sportsmanship and Fair Play, Clarence Robison 364 412410 Art:Art: VirginiaEd MaryonSargent

Can the Absolute Become Obsolete? Herbert F. Murray, Jr. 408 431432 Photo:Art: EdMichaelMaryon Scanlon

The Gospel of Jesus Christ and the Pursuit of Truth, Sterling R. Provost 368 AllStudioother art and photos: Ralph Reynolds

Genealogy: Pertinent Questions Answered 366

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 406, 416, 417

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 337; Letters and Reports, 342; These Times-:

Food, Dr. G. Homer Durham, 344.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

A Mother Is 412 The Era of Youth 419 The Last Word.432

Stories, Poetry

The Legacy, Virginia Maughan Kammeyer 360

Poetry 347, 359, 386, 388, 394, 400, 402, 404, 406, 416, 418

D. F. Wright, president, the

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah THEOaklandCOVERTemple

leaves Yellow of flowers O. Evans, Editors; L.David Editor; spring Richard and Green, Associate and Managing Editor; Doyle McKay Marba Josephson, Managing Zobell, Albert

Editor;Research E. Higgins, Becki Editorial Associates; Grant,L. B. Carter Fillmore, FlorenceC. Donna Pinnock, Editor; along set Today's a Family ravine D. Hanks,Jr., off MarionL. the wooded

Editor; Era Direction: Associate Editor; Youth ArtThe Era Youth Elaine The of Cannon, Studio. Reynolds Ralph of its goldleaf Temple, Oakland new

G. S. Harris, Franklin Durham, Sperhy, Nibley, Editors. Sidney B. Homer A. Gardiner, Contributing Hugh Alma in spires glistening covered the

G. S. General Smith, Carlos Jr., Associate Manager; Jr.,Florence Jacobsen, F. Manager; General Business A. Subscription Scott, Verl Snarh, Manager; Glen is sun. morning building nearing The

Director; Evans, Director. Advertising Thayer hill completion overlooking a the on

San Francisco Bay. photograph TheCopyright Inc., Funds, 1964 published by Mutual and Improvement by the Mutual taken 26, March 1964 byreserved. Subscription price, year, in subscriptions, $3.00 a advance; multiple

Editor L. 2 years,Associations$5.75; 3 years,of The$8.25;ChurcheachofsucceedingJesus Christyear,of Latterday$2.50 a yearSaints.addedAll torightsthe wasManaging Green. Doylethree price. year

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act Forthe templeadditionaltakencoloron photographsthe same day,of

ImprovementThe Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c see pages 384 and 385.

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.. DESERET BOOK PRESENTS

A SEXTET OF EXCITING NEW BOOKS

TITLE OF LIBERTY THE NATIVE BLOOD AND THEY SHALL TEACH

by Ezra Taft Benson by Albert R. Lyman THEIR CHILDREN

Is there really a possibility of another crack A truly delightful novel with a Southern Utah by Reed H. Bradford

in the Liberty Bell? Whether you agree with setting... Full of suspense and surprises, of In addition to providing provocative reading

the author or not, here is a book that makes conflicts and challenges, of stern reality and on home and family life, And They Shall exciting and provocative reading. Title of enchanting romance. You'll not just read this Teach Their Children provides an agenda for

Liberty is by the former Secretary of Agribook, you'll live it! successful home evenings and family nights.

culture on Eisenhower's Cabinet and a senior $1.95 The qualities of maturity, the problems of

of the Council of the Twelve. Heremember and many other pertinent subjects 4 marriage,

a of addressesis a compilation that sound skillfully handled. LATTERDAY PROPHETS

warning voice. <Q gO AND THE DOCTRINE AND 5 $3.50

COVENANTS Volume II THE LORD SPEAKETH

R. Alvin Dyer by to (Sections 42 76) TEACHING OF ARTTHE a of providing unique account volume new A

. Doxey by Roy W V. Hoole Daryl byCHILDREN interthe significance true of sacred the grove the Doctrine dealing with second volume The the delightful by "howto"Another book the a view with Prophet Joseph and Smith exciting fresh a from Covenants and new and of an Art author The Homemaking, LDS of history gospel through and from Moses Adam scriptures these stand. author examines The is in seller! Mrs.'Hoole's a best Here volume to Huss, Calvin, and Smith. Luther Joseph in light of of seers teachings prophets and to will a style that inimitable be proveown is Elder scholarly Dyer's adventure an work that Latterday on. every book from 1830 A parents. real lifesaver for teachers and

is literature that in illuminating both Church I will II read. to Saint want Volumes & $3.95 will ideal interesting. an book This and make each $3.95

gift for and Church nonmembers members alike '$3.50

um muiLii.*muui

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Dear Sir: Enclosed please find check money order

COMPANY 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL I have an account, please charge Amount enclosed

SALT LAKE CITY $ for books numbered 12 3 4 5 6 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Name 777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Zone.. State

Residents of Utah include 3V&% sales tax.

ORDER BY MAIL (Era May 1964) Wonder what to serve when you have friends in? The Church

Moves

: On

Why not MARCH 1964 sustained president Stake as I. Hansen of Nevada tryPostum? withElderEldersDavid Richard as coun- C. Nephi Jensen and G. Schwab

selors. They succeed President Donald B. Tate and his counselors,

Elders David J. Naylor and Clifford T. Utley.

Elder William H. Delves sustained as president of Sydney

(Australia) Stake succeeding President Dell C. Hunt. President

Hunt's counselors, Elders Clayton W. Lank and Warren M. Stokes

were sustained as counselors to President Delves.

The appointment of Elder George R. Hill, III, who was reInstant City)centlyWard,releasedto the asgeneralbishopboardof theofFederalthe YoungHeightsMen's(SaltMutualLake

i Improvement Association was announced. He had served on the

YMMIA general board prior to his call as bishop. E R EwinA B E V E R A G Elder Eugene W. Pearson, former first counselor to President

Jack R. Prince of Kearns North ( Utah ) Stake succeeded him as

No Caffe/n) president of that stake. Elder William L. Howick, formerly second

counselor, and Elder John M. Bevan were sustained as counselors.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Thomas S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve as adviser to

the Western American Missions. The seven mission fields under

his immediate jurisdiction are: Northwestern States, AlaskanCanadian, Northern California, California, Western Canadian,

West Central States, and Western States.

The eightfoot statue of the Angel Moroni was placed atop

Flavorful, hearty Postum the LDS Church Exhibit at the New York World's Fair.

just naturally encourages good talk among friends. The Anchorage and the Palmer LDS chapels were damaged in

Made with pure, the Alaskan earthquake that struck late this afternoon. Later

energyfood ingredients it was determined that at least six members of the Church were killed: Richard Robinson, former president of the Valdez Branch,

and no caffein, and five members of the Earl Smith family, also of Valdez. The

Postum gives you a natural lift. Smiths were converted to the Church one year ago.

You can drink all you like.

If you haven't tried The appointments of Mrs. Laura H. Drexl and Mrs. Mary

Instant Postum lately, Christenson, both of Salt Lake City, to the general board of the you're missing a satisfying, Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association was announced.

bracing drink.

Elder Theron M. Ashcroft sustained as president of Cedar You'll enjoy its natural lift.

West (Utah) Stake with Elders Morris A. Shirts and Robert B.

The Natural Lift White, Jr., as counselors. They succeed President Franklin D. Day

and his counselors, Elder George S. Barrus and Elder White who

Send name and address was resustained as part of the new stake presidency.

forfree Postum recipes to: Elder T. Lavoy Esplin sustained as president of St. George

Postum Recipes, East (Utah) Stake succeeding President Rudger C. Atkin. Elder

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois. Walter H. Snow, second counselor to President Atkin, sustained as

Postum is a registered trademark first counselor to President Esplin. (Continued on page 396)

of General Foods Corporation.

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEWLY REVISED WITH COLOR ADDED TO EVERY PAGE iluiUJ W**i

UAL

Of mm,

(now in 6 languages) 2. Spanish 4. Norwegian

a

itORlVtO. (HllBlMK WtM

UGS MOKMns| iSSIKsgSXSW jnioworiEiw

ij KSwii-- B1,ST0IS*I"!MIS

6. German

t A *

1. English 3. French

Finnish The Mormon Story has been acclaimed by missionaries and mission presidents alike as an outstanding "missionary tool."*

"The Mormon Story is almost irresistible and a good many people read it cover to cover.

It breaks down prejudice, makes friends and enlightens people all at once. Most important, it

excites the interest of the honest truth seeker, making it impossible for him to pass over us as some sort of fanatics."—"I studied The Mormon Story book over carefully and decided

it would be a good missionary tool. We have found that where people were a bit luke warm,

we would leave a copy with them, and by the next day they were changed."

The Mormon Story has a thousand uses—as a silent missionary in your home or place of

business, as a powerful tool for missionaries, in explaining the Church to children, in presenting the gospel to your friends and neighbors, in helping to reactivate members and in many other ways. "I can tell you from experience that it is a wonderful (missionary)tool."

Send one to the missionaries in your family and keep one for your own use.

letters on file

ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST Bi TORIES L IS FOR LDS BOOKCRAFT CHILDREN 1186 South. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

by Jane Lund forPleasewhichsendI enclosethe followingcheck orcircledmoney booksorder

for $

3 4 5 6 7A new approach to Bible reading for young mem12 bers of the Church. Printed in two colors and richly

illustrated throughout. The story of Jesus and NAME

other Bible personalities seem to come to life for ADDRESS.

the young reader, giving him a new concept and understanding of the Savior and his mission. CITY.STATE..ZIP.

Letters and Reports

nfjfc ft $t$tm

A K JMR *.<m w Bit M(M- MB..<4K

LARGE YOUTH CHORUS SINGS

The voices were young and clear at a recent Alberta Stake conference at Cardston. Music was provided by a chorus of

142 young people. Conductor Barton

Olsen led the group through music for both Sunday sessions, with Eda Wood and

Thelma Smith accompanying.

PROVO SEA SCOUTERS HOLD

REUNION

The S. S. Hanno sailed in on a sea of

memories, when former Sea Scouts who had belonged to the Sea Scout Ship Hanno met in the Provo Fourth (Utah) Ward for a reunion and report meeting.

Twentyone men, representing the 84 boys who belonged to the ship between 1939 and 1950 gathered. They discovered

that most of their members had served on missions and are active in the Church, bishas bishops,serving served or having and ERA GIFT IS MISSIONARY ERA CIRCULATES IN BARRACKS council members,ops'counselors, high superintendents. School and MutualSunday a This has great been magazine source this truly subscription brought Yes, has

all of fact that the almost them Despite of I encouragement. enjoyed readhave reading."enjoyable of hours "many We me shot severalare down, veterans were and talks ing of the the I Authorities given will by think what mean when you know prison in held and enemywounded, articles the have, differis our Church, and this on more so completely I say magazine life in lost his war. single not acamps, man occasion inspiration for than given one ent, a inspiring so extremely welcome and Tregeagle Delbert V. Skipper Under

in talk Church. to pornographic the compared when many of percent seventyfive Brown, Delosand

to school Traveling one float that day novels (which through he pocketbooks and rank. achievedthe Eagle group

it attends in to I a one a connection day point the barracks. month have made

SHIP SEA "HANNO"SCOUT HOMEhis with circuCharlie work) the issue gets reading was see that each maximum 1. to Row,COMINGREUNION-Bottom sitting Era, I person a lation beside lookin him, barracks received and have and my

r. Shipley Gardner, Einer Glen Johnson, his ing reshoulder, longer over freshness the no could compliments on and many

Tregeagle, SkipperSnow, Wallace Deb J. sist it it asking the presents to those pick was. magazine what change who HeBoswell, Ship BishChairman; Committee

it it. if said interto attractive the only through was browse most and up Victor Counselors Charlesop and J. Bird,

it esting seen, he could book had and be SessionsD. Frank and Rulon J. Earl; at bookstall? this the for any bought read express Having appreciation Let me my Scout Executive.Doman,

articles, interesting Charlie most getting of handed Improgram you have The Middle Payne, BenJack Row—Mauray

it this is it to delighted gentleman. to the servicemen, Era provementnett, Clinton Nixon, Wiest, Hales, Dick Jay

this for pleasing again once profitable greatly you appreciated. very Thank and Jeffs,Delvar Pope, Rigby, Ralph Dean

gift. Brown.Wayne

Top RowCarl Cox, Phil Taylor, LorYours sincerely, raine Dowdell, Dayle Jeffs, Bob Hales, Sister Lorna Wilde Appreciatively yours,

Charles Earl, Dean Rigby, DeLoyal Bills, Mitcham. Surrey, Robert N. Oviatt

Sterling Sessions. England Henderson, Nevada

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or Sale...

LOTS OF OPPORTUNITY Silver Creek Estates

mmmmmm,

Good Timing is mighty important when you buy time goes on, because later you can subdivide a piece of land... whether you're buying as an your property into 5 or 6 Westernsize homeinvestment or for your own home. At beautiful sites for resale at what should be a handsome

Silver Creek Estates, the time to buy is NOW! profit. And, right now, you need only 10% down

Already a perfect locale for sunshiny, country with ten years to pay the unpaid balance at only living... your Silver Creek Estate tract will 6% simple interest. No wonder Silver Creek

become even more desirable and valuable as Estates tracts are called "Lots of Opportunity!"

NATURAL BEAUTYCONVENIENT priced as $5000 $500 $50

LOCATION low as Just 25 expressway miles from downtown Salt $6750 $675 down $67 50 month

Lake City, Silver Creek Estates offers a variety of beautiful homesites, each with a sweeping view in all directions. And the beauty is protected by architectural regulations and protective

covenants.

OUT OF THE SMOKE AND FOG At Silver Creek Estates, you're away from the irritating winter "smog"and out of the blistering summer heat of the city. No industrial fumes, Solitude I

just clean, crisp air; bright, sparkling sunshine. Brighton *t

A NATURAL "GROWTH"AREA To D.eer Creek I Reservoir

of the intense pressures of Salt Because Lake in tracts left 10acre Unit Only 28 C - - City expansion, Provo population the Ogden tracts size (Unit acres.) vary in 5 to 17 C from

for residential desirable development demand gas, service electric are all power, Natural telephone and water will its greater. areas greater be conand With available. included. rights well nearby are Crowned, Water and

venient location and its many physical attracgraded roads are extended to each tract. No closing cost. No

tions, Silver Creek Estates should prove to be a hidden charges. You get Title Insurance Policy and Special

new suburb of Salt Lake City in the nottoo- Warranty Deed when contract is paid up.

distant 80 the new Highway future. When FreeSEND COUPON FOR FREE LITERATURE Silver accessibility to beautiful is completed, way

Creek Estates will be even more convenient. To: Project Manager

ABUNDANT RECREATION FACILITIES P.O.SilverBoxCreek1537,RanchSalt LakeCorporationCity, Utah

Name your favorite recreation, and you'll find it close to Silver Creek Estates... hunting, fishing, camping, hiking, golfing, waterskiing, boating, horseback riding, skiing and more!

Zone.. State

Drive up Parley's Canyon (U.S. 40) to Silver Creek

Estates Office, at Silver Creek Junction and personally inspect this property... or PHONIs Salt Lake City 3636100.

SILVER CREEK ESTATES SILVER CREEK JUNCTION

MAY 1964 343 start your

with an awardwinning hair stylist

FOOD

THESE TIMES By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

Robert Steur has won many awards for hair styling..,

and he will give you the expert instruction you need.

Call or write for scholarship information.

COLLEGE OF BEAUTY

1205 Wilmington Ave., Salt Lake City

HU 6-9367

"What is there to eat?"tries. Furthermore, there are many

How many times each day is this undernourished people in the counremark heard! Fortunately, for most tries that have adequate food supply,FILMS readers of this column, there is gendue to "poor food habits, lack of

erally at least some positive answer. knowledge of nutrition, and insuffithis is not true. cient finances."AND PRINTED per roll In much of the world

For some interesting views on this If people everywhere were fed as

For B & or 12 Exposure any 6, 8 subject, in well as W Roll important indebted people most the United we are

Roll only 35c per PRINTS JUMBO director States, of to Dr. Ira L. Baldwin, percent food 50 more would

COLOR FILM theOfficeInternationalof the AssociationRural Developmentof State be Therequiredlack ofthanprotein,is nowparticularlygrown. of

Universities and LandGrant Colwell-balanced protein, states Dr. DEVELOPING leges, who recently spoke on the Baldwin, is among the most difficult

KODACOLOR world food problem at the University problems. Nearly eight pounds of

8-Exposure Roll per of Wisconsin. grain are required to produce a

Printing Dev. and $2.55 roll of divides Dr. the animal protein, Baldwin the world best into pound

Roll 1 2-Exposure per areas: source. the area of of food Experiments with use (1) roll two Dev. Printing and $3.00

Color Reprints 20c each plenty, and (2) the area of want. algae, yeast, microbial protein, and

COLOR SLIDES Theonethirdarea ofof theplentypopulationincludesandaboutinfishsmall willfractionnot ofsupplythe additionalmore thanpro-a

Slid es 135 mm Color per cludes the industrialized nations of tein now estimated as needed. Popuexp., Dev. and 20 Mount $1.35 roll

1 35 mm Color Slid es per Europe (including Russia), North lation growth in the areas of food 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll America, Australia, New Zealand, scarcity aggravates the situation.

Color Movie per and Japan. The area of chronic Asia, Africa, and Latin America are 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

shortage includes Latin America growing more rapidly in population ( which may be surprising to many ) than other regions. By 1975, theGENEALOGY PHOTOS

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD Africa, and Asia, with the exception world will have increased from 3.2

PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS of Japan. This does not mean every billion to 3.8 billion people. Food

of NEGATIVE, 4c each individual in the area of "scarcity"production per capita in 196061 in less "scarcity"areas the undernourished. was actually The greatest coin only - no CO.D.'s is Send 193539. than people, of undernourished it was in number By the year Guarantee MoneyBack

however, are found in those coun2000, based on estimates of reliable

LABUtahSAMSP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Count the Churches of your denomination which have bought a Hammond Organ

You can, quite literally, count the swelling cathedral sound in the is possible that many of these churches in your area—or in the smallest church. TouchResponse churches will never need to buy

nation—which, with musical needs Percussion and vibrato provide another organ.

akin to your own, decided to buy a beautiful and appropriate effects Mail this coupon, without obligation

Hammond Organ. Simply visit your for the most solemn occasions, or i,

Hammond Organ dealer. Let him the most joyous.

show you the Hammond Installa421Hammond1 West OrganDiverseyCompanyAvenue tions directory, above. Get the Moderate Cost Chicago 39, Illinois

names and addresses of as many churches as you want. Then, hear a You can put this complete musical Please send free brochure of

demonstration—and consider these facility (for that is what a Hammond Hammond Organ models.

reasons why thousands of churches Organ is) in your church at prices free booklet Please send ranging from to $4000. D about $1000 choose the Hammond:

to describing ways raise money easy, convenient And payment for a Church organ.

Vast Musical Riches plans are available.

Hammond Console and Spinet Low Maintenance Expense Name

Organs have almost inexhaustible musical resources, in registrations, After years of regular service, many Addressvoices and shadings. Even a virtuchurches report no maintenance exoso can always find new effects in penses at all—yet the Hammond OrCity- Zone State

the instrument... yet organists of gan still performs like new.

limited experience can immediately produce impressive music. Presets Lasting Satisfaction HAMMOND

and Hammond Harmonic DrawORGANmost glorious voice bars enable any player to achieve Just as its musical capacities can music's rich, impressive music. Hammond seldom be outgrown, a Hammond I 9 63, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY IE 5-64

Patented Reverberation produces Organ seldom becomes outworn. It

MAY 1964 345

fc

Amoco 120 Super Tires will take you safely around the world.

(Now all you need Is a road.)

People keep writing us letters about how much they like AMOCO 120 Super Tires. Frankly, we're not surprised.

After all, that was the whole point. We wrote specifications for this tire to match your own. Extralong safe mileage,

we called for, and a smooth, easy ride. Good looks, too—you can tell an Amoco 120 by its dual whitewalls. A set

of Amoco 120 Super Tires will cost a little more than ordinary tires, but that's only natural. They're worth a

whole lot more, as you'll see when you read the guarantee. There's only one place to get them.

At my station. (Or at thousands of other American Oil stations.) Now all you need is a road. /yW'"'

You expect more from Americanand you get it. Your American OH Dealer VL"it/

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY 346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Plan now for your trip to Europe:

authorities, there will need to be a quadrupling of food output. Whether

the adoption of scientific methods For free facts about a sea trip in food production, incentives for increased production, necessary capital, research, and education, and on the giant Cunard Queens, facilities can be developed represents future challenging problems.

Egypt the breadbasket mail coupon below. was once

of the ancient world. Today, North

America holds this position. Annual Crossing to Europe on the

grain production has doubled per world's largest superliners, capita in the past twentyfive years. the Queen Elizabeth or the

Dr. Baldwin notes that during the Queen Mary, you have five precious

past twenty years the United States days to relax, get in some exercise "has given liberally of its substance and get to know interesting people.

... to aid the peoples in the areas You enjoy superb international meals

of food scarcity, both by aiding them and courteous British service. Read

to increase their own production of on, and mail coupon today.

food and by supplying food from carried year Last Cunard more stores.our own

Atlantic across the passengers than is to eat? there What

line. travother shipping Most any in the world basic problem "The

giants, those eled ocean noble on "is Dr. Baldwin, declaredtoday,"

that of food production adequate to the Queen Elizabeth and the Queen balance a rapidly expanding popuMary. And for good reasons.

lation. We, in the areas of food First off, these liners are British.

plenty, dare not adopt the attitude Thus you are assured of inborn seathat this is not our problem. A manship and the tender care of

stewards to whom service is an honfood production betweenbalance R.M.S. Queen Mary, 81,237 tons orable word. If will be reached.and population

it is not reached by desirable social Here is how one Cunard passenFrom New York: the Queens offer

means, it will be reached by the ger puts it: "The typical British weekly express service to France

ancient methods of famine, pestisteward takes a positive (and wholly and England. You can also sail from

lence, and war. We urgently need to admirable) pride in the excellence New York to Ireland, England, or

get on with the job of increasing proof his work and in adding accomFrance on the Mauretania or to Ireduction and improving distribution."plishment to accomplishment, proland and England on the Sylvania.

So runs some of the thinking in fessionally."Many of these stewards From Canada: take advantage of

these times by a thoughtful scientist. come from families with generations low rates aboard Cunard's Carinthia,

In ancient times, Jacob sent his sons in Cunard service. Carmania and Franconia, sailing

to Egypt for bread. How can Strike up friendships from Montreal and Quebec to Irish,

modern men stay home and conAnother advantage of sea travel on English, French and Dutch ports.

quer famine? the Queens is the chance to meet Cunard Cruises: Cunard has a

and get to know interesting people. cruise to fit your budget and your

CONCLUSION On the world's largest superliners, schedule: To the West Indies, 5 to

BY MARIE DAERR lasting friendships spring up easily. 20 days; to the Mediterranean, 31 to

This is why Cunard passengers 56 days; to the North Cape, 45 days;

Spring thinks she has her way with us. agree: "Getting there is half the fun."around the world, 95 days.

She smiles to see our eyes For full details, see your travel agent and mail the coupon below

When we glimpse gold forsythia bells

Against blue April skies. '"1

i*4She's pleased when we are gladdened r Please send me details, including 4-color brochure on: by Pmm

travel to Europe. 1. Cunard I am interested call in sailing ro4o fiBOW morningA robins

, Class, Tourist Cabin hyacinths First bend to sniff theOr

Beside a garden wall. 2. Cunard Cruises: to the West Indies,

She chuckles when she catches us to the Mediterranean, to the North Cape,

In dreamy reverie around the world

Beneath the cloudpink branches of tree. apple bloomingA

laughs with usShe when we behold Name- (PLEASE PRINT PLAINLY)

A fledgling's awkward flight.... AddressSpring thinks she has her way with

us—City -Zone. -StateAnd, oh, I think she's right!

The name of my travel agent isMail this coupon to Cunard Line, 210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307.

L.

MAY 1964 347 The Oakland Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ so very kindly that its voice must needs be pleasant.

of Latterday Saints is soon to be dedicated. This If I were to see a man with such a face, I should love

temple, like many of our other temples, stands upon him dearly."

a hill. It is a spiritual beacon for all to see and to And the mother told him then the story that someguide their lives thereby. day a man would come and have just such a benign

Our temples have a special place in the Church countenance as that.

aside from the ordinances given and performed within. You, who know the story, realize that "Gathergold"

They are lights upon the hill. Their light should not came back to the valley. It was not he nor "Blood

be hidden. A temple exerts or should exert a conand Thunder,"the great soldier, who also returned

tinuous influence upon the people, especially the to his former home. It was not "Old Stony Phiz"the

youth. I cannot illustrate what I mean better than by great lawyer and politician who ran for president. It

referring to the wonderful story of The Great Stone was not even the poet, but Ernest, himself, who lived

Face by Nathaniel Hawthorne. a life of good deeds and holy love. Ernest had inThat author called attention to one of nature's deed become, by constantly looking, living, and loving,

wonders. When one stood a certain distance from it, the representation of the Great Stone Face.

he saw a benign countenance which, Hawthorne That is what I mean. Our temples should exert an

wrote, exerted a great influence upon the people of influence upon the youth of our Church: inspiring,

the valley below. To use his own words he said: developing selfmastery, changing their natures so

"It was a happy lot for children to grow up to manthat someday they might enter the temples.

hood or womanhood with the Great Stone Face beIf a man obtain the fullest life for himself and be fore their eyes. For all the features were noble and able to contribute most to the common good, he

the expression was at once, grand and sweet as if it should cultivate certain cardinal virtues, among were the glow of a vast warm heart—a heart that emwhich I name the following: faith, selfcontrol, chasbraced all mankind in the affections and had room tity, reverence, and a willingness to serve others. The

for more. It was an education only to look at it."temples of the Church stand for these principles, and

He tells that a mother and her small son were sitting never before in the history of the world was there in the valley looking at that stone face, and Ernest such a need for faith to be instilled into the minds said, "Mother, I wish that it could speak, for it looks and hearts of the children of the world—God's children!

TheInfluence ofthe Temples

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Each temple erected by the Church attracts people when they go to the bishop for their temple recomwho pass, who read, who hear, and witness the fact mends. This is what is meant by having the house of

that the building is a house of God, a temple to the God as a light to the Church. It is one of the greatest

Most High. Its very existence, its walls, and all permeans of character building in the Church.

taining to it declare his reality, his love, and his plan The temple stands for everything that is virtuous of salvation. We would like every boy and every and should be looked upon as Ernest looked upon the

girl in the world and particularly every boy and every Great Stone Face. Let the thoughts, the ideals, and

girl in the Church to recognize the temple as our the nobility of the temple transform the youth, the

Father's house. That is what I mean by temples boy and girl, so that when they go to the bishop,

building character. they can answer honestly, truthfully, and when they

Someone wrote many years ago that the whole enter the temple they may receive, without question, purpose of life might be summed up in these words, those blessings that are intended for the faithful.

"To subdue matter that we might realize the ideal."Every temple that stands, no matter in what part

When I first read that, I thought it could be paraof the world, should ever be a light influencing memphrased to read, "The whole purpose of life is to bring bers of the Church, young and old, to develop those under subjection the animal passions, proclivities, and characteristics which transform a human being tendencies that we might realize the companionship prompted by animal instinct into a spiritual being always of God's Holy Spirit."That is the ideal. Our responsive to the promptings of God our Heavenly

chief purpose of life is to overcome evil tendencies, Father. Ultimately each one should be able to say

to govern our appetites, and to control our passions. as Peter said after fewer than three years'service

We must overcome them. We must conquer them. accompanying the Master and a few more years in

We must teach young people to live so that they serving him, "We are now made partakers of his can enter the house of God and make covenants, the divine nature."(See 2 Peter 1:4.)

dearest and most sacred in all the world. In youth God bless you who will come to partake of the

they should take cognizance of the fact that they will spirit and the blessings of the new Oakland Temple have to control their appetites and their passions if of the Church, even as he daily blesses those of our they would enter the temple worthily. fellow members who enter our other temples throughPreparation for the temple is during youth, not just out the world.

THE EDITOR'S PAGE / BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

MAY 1964 349 YOUR QUESTION

ANSWERED BY

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

detailed history is not given. We do know that in the

days of Enoch, before the flood and following to of the days the the seers holding Abraham, priesthood there Why should to they converse wished Lord, when with the did so usually on mountaintops, and it is likely that these be temples? onexaltedsuch placesa mountainservedthatthe Enochpurposetalkedof a temple.with theItLordwas

as did the Brother of Jared, the leader of the Jaredites following the flood, thus these exalted places took the

Soon the Oakland Temple will be ready for dedicaplace of edifices as hallowed spots.

tion. The question has been raised: "Why should When Israel was released from Egyptian bondage

there be temples and what are the significant duties and went into the wilderness of Arabia, one of the which are to be performed therein?"first commandments given to Moses was to build a

The temple as designated by revelation is a sacred temple. It had to be a portable building that could

house in which certain important blessings and covebe set up and taken down and moved from place to nants are given to faithful members of the Church place as Israel journeyed for forty years in the wilderpreparatory to their exaltation in the kingdom of God. ness. However the Lord required this portable

We have no record of the building of temples before tabernacle, or temple, to be of the most expensive the flood nor for several centuries following. This materials that Israel could afford. In this portable

lack of information does not mean that such sacred temple Moses and Aaron received commandments structures were not known. The Bible account of from the Lord. As Israel moved from place to place

humanity covering the years from Adam to the flood on this fortyyear journey, this building had to be and down to Abraham is extremely limited, and the taken apart and set up again constantly. When Israel

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WWtk

became settled in the land the Lord had given them, so essential to the eternal blessings of the Latterday this tabernacle ( temple ) served until the days of King Saints in this dispensation. Since that day the LatterSolomon. The Lord gave a commandment that a day Saints have been true to this commandment and,

regular temple should be built, therefore the magnifinotwithstanding their persecutions and poverty, they cent temple of Solomon was built in the city of built such a temple in Nauvoo, which, however,

Jerusalem, wherein the Lord gave revelation where through persecution they were able to use but for a sacred ordinances were performed. very short period. However, hundreds of faithful

This temple served Israel for sacred purposes members of the Church received their endowments through the years. During the captivity of Israel the and sacred blessings and were married in the Nauvoo

temple was desecrated, for it had fallen into the Temple before they were driven away by enemies of hands of enemies. On the return of the Jews from the Church. When the first pioneers arrived in the

captivity the temple was repaired and served the Jews Salt Lake Valley, steps were taken to build a temple, until its destruction after the crucifixion of our Savior. for they realized its importance and the need of the

The time will come according to sacred promises sacred ordinances which belong and are essential when it will be restored again. to the eternal salvation and exaltation of Latterday

During all the years of apostasy and until after Saints in the celestial kingdom of God.

the organization of The Church of Jesus Christ of This temple in Oakland is nearing dedication and

Latterday Saints, there was no sacred temple to the brings rejoicing to the good Saints in the great state name of the Lord. The Latterday Saints were comof California. Moreover, the great work for the salvamanded to build a temple, which they did in Kirtland, tion of the living and the dead who never had the

Ohio. This was essential for the Lord who said so opportunity of salvation when on the earth, and the

by revelation, had to have a place where he could perpetual union of "the whole family in heaven and come to his servants to restore the keys of authority earth is named,"is faithfully being performed.

MAY 1964 351 PTT12PMQT7 OF THF

O. McKAY TEMELESBY PRESIDENT DAVID

From remarks made at the dedication of the Swiss Temple and other sources

The spire of the Kirtland Temple.

This was the first temple built by the Church in this dispensation.

One of the principal questions asked by reporters, shall be loosed in heaven."(Matt. 16:19.) And with

newsmen, and by people generally is, "What is the the restoration to earth of the Holy Priesthood, the difference between your temple and your other church Church asserts that this power was again given to edifices?"As all members of the Church know, the chosen men, and that in the house of the Lord where

answer is that temples are built for the performance of the marriage ceremony is performed by those who sacred ordinances—not secret, but sacred. are properly authorized to represent our Lord and

One of the distinguishing features of the restored Savior Jesus Christ, the union between husband and

Church of JesuS Christ is the eternal nature of its wife and between parents and children is effected for ordinances and ceremonies; for example, generally in time and all eternity, and that for those thus married

civil as well as in church ceremonies, couples are the family will continue into the eternities.

married "for time"only, or "until death do you That is one purpose of temples.

part."But love is as eternal as the spirit of man; There is another purpose—not so easily understood

and if man continues after death, which he does, so by inquirers until they get a glimpse of the justice of will love. God or until we ask them: "Do you think that a just

This interests nearly every intelligent inquirer and God would require me to conform to certain principles investigator, especially when he or she realizes the arid ordinances in order for me to enter into the truth, that love—the divinest attribute of the human kingdom of God, and that he would permit you to

soul—will be just as eternal as the spirit itself. So enter the kingdom of God without complying with

whenever any person dies, the virtue of love will those principles and ordinances?"

persist, and if any inquirer believes in the immortality Those who accept Jesus Christ our Lord as the of the soul or in the persistence of personality after author of salvation: those who accept his statementsdeath, he must admit that love will also persist. unqualified statements—regarding the necessity of

Logically, there follows another question: Whom obedience to certain principles, are bound to admit

shall we love in the next world? In response to this that everybody must comply with certain fundamental

question, an American woman whom, with her husordinances or else nobody need comply with them.

band, t met many years ago on a journey in the South Now that is the plain fact.

Seas, replied, "We should love everybody."We have as you know in holy writ ample evidence

"Yes,"I replied, "we should also love everybody that the Savior referred to one eternal plan; for inhere."That is the injunction of the Savior, to love stance, when Nicodemus, a member of the Sanhedrin,

our neighbor as ourselves. But if earthly things are—a man who had evidently listened to the Savior

typical of heavenly things, in the spirit world we shall speak and who had probably followed him—called on

recognize our loved ones there and know them as we Jesus, impelled by the desire to know what Jesus had loved them here. I love my wife more than I can which the Sadducees and the Pharisees did not have,

love other people. I love my children. I can have and bore his testimony, saying, "Master, we know

sympathy; I can have a desire to help all mankind, that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man

but I love her by whose side I have sat and watched can do these miracles that thou doest, except God a loved one in illness, or, perhaps, pass away. Those be with him."And then ensued the conversation in

experiences bind heart to heart, and it is a glorious which Nicodemus undoubtedly asked, "What must thought to cherish that death cannot separate hearts I do?"And one of the most remarkable statements

that are thus bound together; for each of you huswe have in scripture was given as an answer: "...

bands will recognize your wife in the other world, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the and you will love her there as you love her here and kingdom of God."And "Nicodemus saith unto him,

will come forth to a newness of everlasting life in How can a man be born when he is old?"All Christhe resurrection. Why should death separate you tians believe or should believe in the words that

when love will continue after death? Jesus answered: "... Except a man be born of water

It should not, and it need not, for when Jesus was and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom upon the earth he told his Apostles: "And I will give of God."(John 3:2-5.) And that is true.

unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and The words of the Savior to Nicodemus are accepted

whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in their literal sense by faithful members of the in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth Church. The scriptures make no distinction between

MAY 1964 353 i$&00

Spiral stairway in Manti Temple. A rare photograph of the Kirtland Temple.

% *,i- '"* 'JR*''..

f

rtlT <

:%i. *?*; *> *

An artist's conception of Nauvoo from across the Mississippi River.

the living and the dead. This law is of universal "Oh,"was the reply, "they are all lost."

application, exemption being granted only to children The Chinese student's sense of justice was offended, who die in infancy, having no sin to expiate. To for he immediately said, "I'll have nothing to do with

provide a means of salvation for all, facilities are made a religion so unjust!"Had that Chinese professor, or

available in the temples whereby the living may be doctor, asked a Mormon elder that question, the latter baptized in behalf of the deceased. would have answered, "They will have an opportunity

Evidence that such vicarious work was performed to hear the gospel, and to be baptized, to be born of in the early Christian church is found in the words of the water and of the Spirit, that they might also enter

Paul to the Corinthians: "Else what shall they do into the kingdom of God."

which are baptized for the dead, if the dead rise not What about your greatgreat ancestors who never at all? why are they then baptized for the dead?"have heard of the name of Jesus Christ? What about

(1 Cor. 15:29.) the millions who died without having heard his name?

The pseudoChristian world has stumbled over They are all our Father's children as much as you the meaning of this simple text, and not a few and I. Is it the act of a Loving Father to condemn

commentators have tried to explain away its true them forever outside of the kingdom of God because applicability to all mankind of the Savior's teachings. they have had no opportunity to hear the name of

To repeat, if baptism is essential for one man, it is Jesus Christ?

essential for all. Then the question may be asked as No, it is not. "We believe that... all mankind may

was asked by a Chinese student, a graduate of one be saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of our leading colleges, who in conversation with a of the Gospel."And we also believe that those who

Protestant minister, said, "What about my ancestors have died without having heard the gospel here in who never heard of the name of Jesus Christ?"mortality will have (Continued on page 359)

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the Creation Room, in the Salt Lake Temple colorful murals represent the creation of the earth.

*IST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS The World Room in the Salt Lake Temple is symbolic of the bleak and dreary world into which Adam and Eve were driven after they partook of the forbidden fruit.

MAY 1964 355

pi

In this Council Room in the Salt Lake Temple, the First Presidency and the Council of the

Twelve hold weekly meetings Thursday mornings.

Marriages in the temples are performed in rooms such as this one in the Manti Temple.

Here couples are sealed for time and eternity.

The Celestial Room in the Idaho Falls Temple.

MsjSakJ1'A "'\

s

msbHt

The Celestial Room in the Salt Lake Temple.

These richly furnished rooms symbolize the exalted attainment which man may achieve by living according to the saving principles of the gospel.

In the Terrestrial Rooms, such as this one in the Salt Lake Temple, instructions are given pertaining to man's eternal journey.

A mural in the Los Angeles Temple pictures the bleak and dreary world.

A mural in the Arizona Temple A Sealing Room in the Salt Lake Temple where depicts Joseph and Hyrum Smith preaching couples are married for time and all eternity, the gospel to a group of Indians. not just "till death do you part."

Baptismal fonts in the temples, like this one in Salt Lake, rest on the figures of twelve oxen.

(Continued from page 354) an opportunity to hear preached properly, earnestly, and sincerely to the it in the other world. honest in heart, will appeal to the justice of those

Where did Christ's Spirit go while his body lay in who love the truth.

the tomb? The Apostle Peter tells us that he went to In addition there is the temple "endowment,"which

preach to the spirits who were in prison, who were is also an ordinance pertaining to man's eternal journey once disobedient in the days of Noah when the ark and limitless possibilities and progress which a Just was being prepared. (See 1 Pet. 3:1920.) Those who and Loving Father has provided for the children

died thousands of years ago were still living in the whom he made in his own image—for the whole

spirit world, and the gospel was taken to them as it human family.

will be taken to all of our Father's children. This is why temples are built.

This, then, is another purpose of the temple. You God help us to appreciate the restored gospel of

may have the opportunity of gathering the names of Jesus Christ in its allembracing justice and mercy your ancestors, who, being baptized by proxy, may and glorious eternal plan. The whole purpose and

become members of the kingdom of God in the other meaning of life is contained in it, with its great savworld as we are members here. ing and ennobling ordinances that will take the indiSince the restoration of this principle and practice, vidual to his highest possibilities here and hereafter

church members have zealously searched the records with an everlasting association with his loved ones in of the world for the history of their ancestors that the presence of God.

their forefathers might receive vicariously the bless- I pray with all my soul that all the members of the ings of the gospel of Christ. In connection with this Church, their children and their children's children—

work the Church maintains an extensive geneand all men everywhere—may at least glimpse the

alogical organization. glory of the house of the Lord and have wisdom to

These two great purposes—eternal marriage, bindunderstand and strength to apply the principles of

ing the family for time and eternity, and opening the the gospel of Jesus Christ, which are eternal and door of the kingdom for those who have died without applicable to every person living, in developing that an adequate opportunity to accept the gospel of spirituality which will bring peace on earth and goodJesus Christ and its essential ordinances—when will toward men.

IN THE SHADOW And as I walked beneath the spires, tvithin me stirred! OF THE TEMPLE My soul

I heard the singing of the choir;

BY MARION AMY KNIGHT I felt a hungering for his Word.

I ivalked today in Temple Square My earthly ears are not attuned

With slow, unhurried gait. To holy realms on high,

I think the flowers are fairer there; But I am sure I faintly heard

The seasons seem to wait. The rush of angels in the sky.

I gazed about this peaceful place Could this be just a minute taste

And fell beneath its spell. Of heaven's encircling clime?

The sun gleamed on Moroni's face; If this should really be the case,

I heard a distant bell. I must make haste to make it mine!

MAY 1964 359 t*,*&#,im&M*mM* i >M*,imvmmmKm%.*.... Il- I - - -—.I

The Legacy

BY VIRGINIA MAUGHAN KAMMEYER

At a shout from the wagon master, the long line of Pa didn't like to take orders. He would rather give

prairie schooners ground to a halt. Then the men on them. That was why he had left Pittsburgh. It was

horseback and the women and children slowly plodded getting too crowded—too many people giving orders.

up the mountain trail. It was good to rest for a moBut in California, now—. That was one word that

ment. Those in front pulled their weary bodies up could brighten Pa's gloomy face: "California."Why,

to the rock and looked down into the valley. The it was said that a man could get rich enough in the

hillsides were splashes of color—quaking aspen yellow gold fields in one week to set himself up for life. You

and maple red. It was September, 1850. could make your pile and then settle down in Sacra-

"Ma,"called a weak voice from one of the wagons, mento, or maybe San Francisco, and never have to "are we in the Sierras? Is it Sacramento down there?"bow down to any man.

"No,"the woman answered wearily. "We're scarce The wagon started up again, and the oxen plodded

halfway. It's only the Salt Lake Valley."down a rutted road. Melissa dozed and came awake

Melissa Harris lay back, suddenly faint with pain. when the wagon stopped once more. A voice was sayShe'd been bitten by something Pa called a wood tick, ing, "This is my front yard, neighbor. I haven't had

and she lay in the jolting wagon suffering with a raging time to mark it off, what with one thing and another.

fever. It would be Melissa, of course, who got sick. However,"the voice continued, as Luke Harris raised

Every ailment, it seemed like, got to her. Her sister his whip to flick the oxen into movement again, "you're

Polly had never had a sick day in her life. welcome to camp here. Having crossed the plains

The rocking and jolting of the wagons, the squealing myself, I'd be the last to deny a resting place to a of brakes, the cracking of whips, and bellowing of tired man. Where are you bound?"

the oxen finally ceased, and the wagon under Melissa "California,"the other said, mollified by the friendly rolled more smoothly. Up from the wheels came the tone. "If you'll just let us stay here overnight, and

heavy scent of crushed sagebrush, and she knew they maybe let us have a bit of water, we'll take ourselves had come out onto the broad floor of the valley. off in the morning."

Curiosity mastered pain, and she raised herself on "Oh, please,"Melissa's mother broke in, exhaustion her good elbow to peer through the front opening past and anxiety in her voice. "Pa, please, ask him if we

Polly and her mother, driving the team. can't stay here two or three days. You see, Mister—."

So that was Salt Lake City! It didn't look like "Strong—Amos Strong."

much, compared to Pittsburgh, but after months of "Mister Strong, we have a sick girl in the back here, seeing nothing but prairies and mountains it looked real sick. If we could stay just a few days, until

like heaven. There was a long pole fence zigzagging she's better—."

off to the south past some log and adobe cabins, and "Well, now—,"Amos Strong raised the back flap

they had to wait for a while until a man opened the of the wagon and peered in. "Well, now, I'll get

gate and let them through. It looked funny, that Mother to take a look at her, and we'll see what we

great long fence closing in those few cabins, and can do."

Melissa, a little delirious, giggled. As Amos Strong went toward the house, Melissa

Then she heard the man explain: "It's to keep the heard her father's voice raised in angry protest. "Two

horses and cattle from eating the crops. All livestock—three days! Why, every day we delay, means

have to graze outside. When you've got your family someone else is digging out that gold!"

settled, you'll have to take your team outside "Pa—."Mrs. Harris didn't often stand up to her

the fence."husband, but now her voice was firm. "I'm not going on

Melissa could almost feel her father bristle at this. until that girl is better!"

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ''Tonight,"she heard a stranger say to his friend, "we are going to celebrate.... I'm going to cook something

special, Polver, old man!

Chicken Tetrazzini."

.:tsl||L.*.-—.>

......;.:;. '>.-.-

Melissa shut her eyes, and the hot tears squeezed man to live with, but as he stomped off to make arthrough her lids. "I'm sorry, Pa,"she whispered. "I'm rangements for the following day, his wife softly said a

sorry I'm sick, and I'm sorry I'm a girl when you little prayer of thanks that they would be safely wanted a boy, and I'm sorry I'm so little and puny, sheltered for the winter.

and fifteen years old and never had a beau, and I'll The harvest was in—and it was good. The Saints

probably be an old maid, and you'll have me on your proposed to celebrate, and the strangers among them hands all the rest of your life."looked on in astonishment as these ordinarily quiet,

The wagon flap was suddenly raised, and arms went hardworking people made preparations for their around her. As she was lifted out, the agony in her harvest home. To the bowery they flocked with fruit,

arm was too much, waves of dizziness overcame her, gourds, and autumn leaves, and soon that fortyfoot and she lost consciousness. framework, which on other occasions was used for

When she came around, she was in a warm lighted sober gatherings, was sprouting gay colors. Boxes

room, lying on a soft feather mattress. Her twelvewere pulled from under beds, and party dresses, not

yearold sister, Polly, sat in plump concern by the worn for months, were shaken out of their folds.

bed. Her mother was bathing her forehead with a Trestle tables were set up near the bowery, and food

cool cloth, and another woman, dark and pleasantbegan to appear: golden loaves of bread, made from

looking—obviously Mrs. Strong—stood near the table the precious grain of the first harvest; berry pies,

ladling fragrant soup into bowls. Two small children sweetened with honey; roasts of venison, and piles of

played near the fireplace. grapes and apples.

Melissa's eyes swung around to the foot of the bed. The fiddles tuned up, and the people swung into a

There stood a young man—really a boy—about sixteen dance. The California immigrants, watching in suror seventeen. At sight of him, Melissa felt miserable. prise, began hesitant foot tapping. Soon they were

She knew she looked awful—more awful than usual. dancing, too. The Mormon leader himself, Brigham

What would a boy like that, or any boy, ever see in Young, led the quadrille.

her? This young man was very dark—dark eyes, dark Luke Harris, not taking to such foolishness, had

curly hair, and he had a look of not having quite stayed at home, but his wife and daughters had acgrown up yet to his long arms and legs. cepted the invitation of the Strongs to go to the

Melissa would have been startled, astounded beyond festivities with them. Melissa, still a little pale and

belief, if she could have read his thoughts. Her hair thin, but with her eyes shining, sat with Jared on the

had been taken out of its braids, and it lay about her end of the wagon. Polly and her mother occupied

face looking, so the young man thought, like the back seat and Mr. and Mrs. Strong sat up front,

spilled honey. while the two little Strongs romped in the straw.

"She's like Sleeping Beauty,"Jared Strong was Melissa, wearing her one nice dress—the blue sprigged

thinking, and was immediately embarrassed, as though one—was conscious of many things: that it was a crisp,

his thoughts had been read. He had the strongest October night, that she looked nice, and that Jared

desire to take the cloth from Mrs. Harris and wipe was watching her.

the pale forehead himself. He controlled the impulse He had been around often lately, when he had

and swung away to help his mother at the table. But time off from his chores. While she was convalescing,

when Melissa slept, and then woke again, he was he had brought her bouquets of wild flowers, and he there once more at the foot of the bed. had begun to read to her in the evenings from someIt was two weeks before she was able to sit up in thing called the Book of Mormqp. Melissa found it

the wagon that had been made more comfortable by very interesting—almost like the Bible. The first day

the addition of one of the Strongs'mattresses. It was that she had felt well enough to go for a walk, he had

a month before she was able to walk. Her father had strolled with her out into the town, and they had

fretted and fumed at the delay, but when snow apturned east and walked to the city limit, where the peared in the mountains in early October, he fence ran. He told her the fence went north and south

grudgingly conceded that it might be better to stay for about six miles, closing in approximately 4,000 over until spring. acres. "This will be a big city someday,"he said

"Amos Strong is going to build a barn. He says confidently. He told her about the first crop they had

we can stay in it through the winter."planted that had been invaded by the crickets, and

There was relief in the tired face of Mrs. Harris at then miraculously saved by the seagulls. The plain

this news. Her husband continued, "I'm going with faith shining in his face and his emphatic statement

him into the hills tomorrow to cut logs. I won't be that it was the hand of God touched Melissa's heart,

beholden to any man."though she could not as yet accept it all with

Touchy and proud, Luke Harris was not an easy her mind. (Continued on page 398)

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY IRMA F. BITNER

this Discussing the subject of grandmothers on {/ft very important "Mother's Day,"I find requires a certain personal approach for, of course, before becoming a grandmother, one must be a mother. And

we don't become grandmothers just at a moment's notice. We serve a period of probation—a training

season—which really begins the moment we are born.

We train for the different roles we are to enact in

MOTHERS AND GRANDMOTHERS this drama of life—or comedy of life, as you will. And

the first role we assume is that of baby, which identifies no gender particularly. Then since we are the

female of the species, our next role is as a girl, which 'V.'.-: catalogs our sex. Then we are cast as a daughter,

which signifies our relationship; then we personate a

woman, which denotes our age or maturity; next we

step out before the curtain as a wife, which also titles us daughterin-law, followed in season by the courageous performance of motherhood, spotlighting our \ n** maternity. And then, through no act of our own, in

m:>f due time we are cast as a grandmother—adding the

muchmaligned designation of motherin-law.

wmhr Each title connotes a definite status and bestows an honor on the one endowed. But unlike the characters portrayed on the stage, our roles are not singufit lar. They are dual—or more than that, quadruple;

for while we are still a daughter, we become a wife—

not relinquishing our role as daughter, and if fortunate, sister as well—break forth into a mother and

finally a grandmother. So you see how multiple ourw

responsibility becomes—how involved the prerequisites to meet the different assignments. But what a

glorious heritage! All are blessed titles that bespeak

!'the rich fulfilment of God's plan, and inspire one with

T the determination to meet the requirements and expectations of loved ones.

Yes, it's fun being a grandmother. The great

pleasure of enjoying the ( Continued on page 398

SPORTSMANSHIP AND

BY CLARENCE ROB1SON YMMIA GENERAL BOARD HEAD TRACK COACH, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

In 1960 the Olympic Games were held in Rome, and from all parts of the world came the greatest athletes ever assembled to compete for their respective nations.

In the Olympic Games there is a great personal honor attached to being a medal winner. The top

three men in each event are called to the victory stand and presented medals. At the end of the stadium

stand three flagpoles representing these first place winners; and as the victors mount the award stand,

their national flags are hoisted on the flagpoles, and their national anthems are played by the band. Few

men leave the victory stand without showing tears of emotion, and justifiably so. Thus, in every man competing at Rome there was a hope for the great honor

of being a medal winner at the 1960 Olympic Games.

In an event called the Hop, Step, and Jump or the Triple Jump, as it is sometimes referred to, there was very keen competition for the third place medal.

First, one contestant would take over the third spot, and then the other would squeeze ahead by a fraction of an inch. This type of close, keen competition

continued right down to the final jump for both men.

The leader was ahead by less than an inch when each man had one more attempt. The first of the two men

with all the courage at his command made his final leap and moved ahead by a fraction of an inch; now

his opponent with one more opportunity to win the third place medal took his last jump and moved out in front by one inch.

The loser, heartsick and disappointed, walked over to his opponent and reached out his hand to congratulate him for his victory, but the winner refused to shake hands with him. Some of the fans on that

side of the stadium had been watching this event closely and saw this incident. Immediately they began to boo and hiss at the victor. Word of what had

happened spread through the fans like fire in dry grass, and soon almost all of the nearly one hundred thousand spectators began voicing their protest to this kind of conduct. The noise became so great that it

began to interfere with the other events in progress.

Now, realizing his mistake, the winner went immediately to the fourth place man and not only shook his hand, but kissed him on both cheeks and triedFAIR PLAY desperately to convince those watching that he had not intended to act in an unsportsmanlike manner;

but the crowd would not stop; and the booing continued for several minutes. After the jeering had

subsided, the crowd then waited for the awards to be made in the Triple Jump event; and when the third

place was announced, the noise began again this time louder and longer than before, and finally an Olympic official came and led the third place winner from the stadium. With his third place medal held limply

in his hand, tears streaming down his face, he left the stadium in disgrace. He had won third place in the

world for his event, yet somehow he was a loser. He

had lost something far greater than he had won.

In an earlier Olympic contest held in Los Angeles in 1932, in an event called the 5,000 Meter Run, a similar incident took place. This event is over three

- miles in length, and a great runner from Finland by the name of Leightner was considered to be a sure winner. His previous performances had labeled him

as the best in the Olympic competition that year. To

the surprise of nearly everyone, and the great delight of the American fans, a contestant from the United

States named Hill moved up, and with only a few laps left, challenged the great Scandinavian champion.

However, as Hill tried to pass, Leightner moved out in front of his challenger and would not permit him to pass. Hill made many attempts to get by the leader,

but each time Leightner would force him to the outside and would not allow him room to pass. The fans

began shouting in protest at these tactics; and as the

two neared the finish line, Hill made a final effort to pass Leightner, but the Finnish champion forced him wide to the outside and eventually at the finish forced him clear off the running track and then broke the tape as the victor. The fans were furious and did not

hesitate to express themselves. After the noise died

down everyone awaited the decision of the judges.

Who would be the gold medal winner?

At that time there was no Olympic rule which prohibited the actions of Leightner. He was legally the

winner of the five thousand meters. The judges,

knowing that there would be protests, waited until the next day to announce their decision on this event.

As the announcement finally came, a hush fell over the spectators and everyone listened intently, ready to voice protest if Leightner was declared the winner.

However, the fans remained quiet as Leightner was called to the top step (Continued on page 406)

children, or the maiden names of the women. A little

expert coaching at the ward or branch level could have avoided the necessity of returning these sheets because

FAMILY GROUP SHEET of clerical deficiencies in the recording of the names, dates, places, or relationships.

INSPECTION areAccordingto hand theto thefamilyofficialgroupplan,sheetsmembersthey ofhavethe wardcompiled for temple work to the high priests group leader

IN THE WARDS in their ward. He will have in his possession a printed,

form on which he will record the name of the person submitting sheets for inspection by the ward record examiners, and the number of sheets handed in by

In January 1964 a new record examining program was that individual. Next he will record the date on which

introduced, to be carried out in all wards and branches he passed these sheets to the first record examiner.

of the Church. The latter is under strict obligation to scrutinize these

There is urgent need for this service. Far too high sheets within a day or two after receiving them, ac-

a percentage of all the family group sheets submitted cording to the official instruction booklet placed in his by the public to the Genealogical Society to be hands.

processed for temple work, have to be returned to This family group sheet examiner is to go over the the senders because of imperfections, omissions of sheets with great care, noting whether all surnames vital facts, and inadequate identification. When on the family group record are recorded first, and in

scrutinized by the record examiners at the society, capital letters, followed by a comma and then the these sheets all too frequently are found to be wanting given names in small or lower case letters, thus in information which the compiler very likely could SMITH, Clarence William. All dates should be in the

have given, had he been aware of the importance order of day, month, and year, as 17 Mar. 1884. Places

of doing so. should be given as town, county, and state or country,

Imagine the long and disappointing delay occaas Ogden, Weber, Utah. The relationship of the family

sioned when sheets come in from, say, Finland, Ausrepresentative should be given to the husband and to tralia, Canada, or Mexico, and have to be returned for the wife on each sheet. The source of information

lack of the name and relationship of the family represhould be given on each sheet in sufficient detail so sentative, the source of information, the sex of the that another could go to that source to check the

Smith, then president of the Genealogical Society, gave this clear explanation Pertinent "During the last few years emphaQuestions sisThroughhas beenthe placedconsistenton efforttempleof work.stake

leaders, temple activity throughout the Church has increased tremenAnswered dously. Because of this it is now

necessary for us to stress the need for

QUESTION: more accurate research to produce

Which is actually more important better records.

that "It should genebe stressed for possible active as me, to be as research is fust as important GENEALOGY in genealogical research on my analogical cestral lines, or to attend the temple as temple work, and is entitled to regularly and perform ordinances equal credit."

for my kindred dead? The same truth was emphasized

by President George F. Richards,

ANSWER: formerly president of the Salt Lake

In an official letter to stake presiTemple:

dents and stake genealogical chair- "To seek after our dead means to men, under date of 18 February find them out by genealogical re1958, President Joseph Fielding search, to obtain the information

accuracy of the information. It is not actually difficult for the average adult to

If any errors or omissions are detected by the record master the technique of making out an acceptable examiner, he should make a notation calling attention family group record, and in a short time all members to this defect on a separate sheet or slip and attach of the ward presenting sheets for processing should this to the family group sheet; but he should make become skilled in doing this. When this goal is atno note or ivriting on the group sheet itself. Then tained, then the sheets sent in by the patron from

this first examiner should place his initials on the the ward, after they have been adequately inspected sheet examined in the specified place and return the by the ward family group sheet examiners, should sheet to the high priests group leader, ivho is adviser only in very rare and unusual cases have to be reon genealogy to the bishop. The group leader then turned for correction from the Genealogical Society.

makes a notation on his record sheet of the date he Thus delays and disappointments ivill be avoided.

gives this same sheet to the second family group sheet examiner. Guided by the same official instructions Family Group Examining in the Missions

this second examiner checks over the sheets carefully, attaching notations to the sheet when needed. After In the missions of the Church the record examining

he has initialed the sheet, he returns it to the high is done on a district rather than on a branch basis.

priests group leader. This official then returns the There should be at least two record examiners in each

sheet, with any attached notations, to the patron who district. The record should be kept on a district level

submitted the family group record. In doing so he similar to that kept by the high priests group leader

has an excellent opportunity to point out to the patron in the ward, of the number of sheets received, the any deficiencies the two examiners have found on dates they are submitted to the first record examiner, to his sheet. the second record examiner, and the date they are

After making the necessary additions or corrections returned to the patron.

the patron should send the sheet or sheets to the Ordinarily, in the mission, the sheets will be sent

Genealogical Society for processing. by the patron himself to the Genealogical Society for

All members of the ward should be encouraged to processing. In a few missions the practice is for the

attend the family class on MIA night, and also the sheets to be sent, not back to the patron, but to the genealogical training class in Sunday School that they mission office, to be forwarded to the Genealogical may be properly trained in the mechanics of making Society by the mission office. This method of proout properly the family group sheets they submit for cedure may be continued if the mission president

temple work. so desires.

f;|!|;:'.:|

regarding them that will identify is to seek after our dead,'it means 1. To bring together people who

them from all other people bearing the responsibility of finding them out have common lines of ancestry so the same name. A perfect identificaby genealogical research and then they can coordinate and combine

tion is to have the individual's full going into the temple and receiving their research efforts.

name, also the day, month, and for them those saving ordinances."2. To prevent duplication of reyear of his birth; the town, county, (The Improvement Era, May 1942, search through a central registration

and state where he was born; the Vol. 45, p. 288.) file at the Genealogical Society of all

date of his death; the name of his What we would like to point out surname and locality searches that

father and mother; and, if it is a maris that neither should be placed have been carried out.

ried man, his wife's name; and, if it above another. We complete our

is a married woman, her husband's genealogical research when we comQUESTION:

name. We regard this as complete plete the ordinance work in the When will this service begin?

identification.... As you know, this temple. To secure the blessings of

information must be had concerning temple ordinance work we must first ANSWER:

our dead before we can go into the do genealogical work. Registrations are being accepted

temple and do the work for them. now on the printed forms prepared

It places the principle of genealogical QUESTION: for this purpose.

research, so far as our dead are conWhat is the purpose of the PediWhen sufficient entries have been cerned, on a par in importance with gree Referral Service, now being registered to make this service effecthe temple work which we do for introduced? tive, an announcement will be made

them. And when the Prophet says, that requests for information will be

'The greatest responsibility in this ANSWER: accepted on official forms which will

world that God has placed upon us It has a twofold purpose: be distributed at that time.

MAY 1964 367 A/1I u uch is said about the value of education these their calling as His ambassadors to the world.'The

JL. f JLdays. The Latterday Saints themselves are Latterday Saints have, as George A. Smith remarks

great advocates of the individual acquisition of knowl- (Journal of Discourses, Vol. VI, p. 84), 'been conedge. Regardless of where members of the Church stantly and continually, upon new ground'; they have

have settled, the establishment of schools was of prihad to shift for themselves, and it is only because the mary importance. Today, the standard of education Elders have tried to live up to this Revelation that

among the Mormons as a people is second to none. they have been able to find a home in a desert and

God has always encouraged his people to obtain make a Paradise in waste places. It is by the light

knowledge. He has taught them that no man can be of this Revelation that the Saints have been able to

saved in ignorance, (D&C 131:6) and that even his reach a place in the world of politics, arts, and sciown glory is his intelligence. (Ibid., 93:36.) In his ences, second to none."1

admonition to them to study, to read the best books Thus, it is obvious that there is no question as to and to develop themselves (ibid., 88:7780), the Lord, the stand of the Church on knowledge and its applicano doubt, meant that man should inquire into secular tion. As stated above, it is important to have suffiknowledge as well as into things which pertain to "the cient information about these topics so that one can

kingdom."(Ibid., 88:7780.) Consider the explanaadequately represent the Church in whatever calling

tion of the meaning of D&C 88:7980 as given by the or assignment he may receive. The real issue is the

writers of the Doctrine and Covenants Commentary. depth to which the individual wishes to go in his

"But theology is not the only subject the Elders search for secular knowledge.

should be interested in. They should study: President William E. Berrett, Administrator of

79. "Things both in heaven] Astronomy. Seminaries and Institutes of Religion, speaking to

"And in the earth] Everything pertaining to the seminary and institute faculties during the summer of cultivation of the soil. 1958, stated the problem in this manner;

"And under the earth] Mineralogy, geology, etc.

"Things which have been] History, in all its branches. "There have been so many charges that men devoted

"Things which are] Current events. to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

"Things which must shortly come to pass] Prophecies. cannot become scholars in their respective fields of

"Things which are at home * * * abroad] Domestic academic study without having their loyalty to the and foreign policies. Church questioned by others, or without feeling in

"Wars * * * perplexities * * * judgments] The themselves that they are compromising their pro- 'signs of the times,'by which the observer may know fessed beliefs,..."-

that 'the day of the Lord'is at hand.

"A knowledge of countries * * * kingdoms] PhysiIt would seem that those of whom President Berrett cal and political geography, languages, etc. spoke are not conversant with the explanation set

"These studies, the Lord considers necessary, 'That forth in the quotation from the Doctrine and Coveye may be prepared in all things when I shall send you nants Commentary. However, as one studies the

again to magnify the calling whereunto I have called complexities involved in this problem of man—his quest

you'(v. 80). God does not require all of His servants for truth and whether or not there are limitations as to

to become doctors or professors or even profound Commentary,n Smith, Hyrum1950M-,edition;and Sjodahl,UniversityJannePress,M., Inc.,DoctrineCambridge,and CovenantsMassastudents of these subjects, but He expects them to chusetts;2Berrett,p"geWilliam556. E., "Academic Freedom in Church Schools,"Brigham

know enough of these things to be able to magnify Young University Summer Session, July 1, 1958; page 1.

BY STERLING R. PROVOST

PROFESSOR OF SPEECH AND RELIGION

THE CHURCH COLLEGE OF HAWAII Fhe Gospel of Jesus Christ and the teaching CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH UNIFIED SCHOOL SYSTEM the extent of his study—it is evident that any solution will

require an understanding of certain factors: ( 1 ) the scope of

the gospel of Jesus Christ, (2) the nature of academic freedom, and (3) the real purpose and value of knowledge.

Elder James E. Talmage,

former member of the Council of the Twelve, is specific in his interpretation of the depth of gospel truth:

"... Primarily, theology is the

science that deals with God and religion; it presents the facts of

observed and revealed truth in orderly array, and indicates the means of their application in the duties of life. Theology then

has to do with other facts than those that are specifically called spiritual; its domain is that

of truth....

"A complete survey of theol-:: ":: I-:

ogy, therefore, would embrace all known truths. God has constituted Himself as the great

teacher; by personal manifestations or through the ministrations

of His appointed servants, He instructs His mortal children.

To Adam He introduced the art of agriculture, and demonstrated that of tailoring; to Noah and

Nephi He gave instructions in shipbuilding; Lehi and Nephi

were taught of Him in the arts of navigation; and for their

(Continued on page 388)

Jp pursuit of

THE CHURCH IN EARLY CALIFORNIA

BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

RESEARCH EDITOR

mt'M::. fc*W-

.

Council House, first courthouse in San The old Mormon Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterCounty. Bernardino

day Saints first arrived in organized groups in what is now California nearly 118 years ago. Some arrived

by ship, traveling around the "Horn"from New York.

Some came by foot, walking all the way from Kansas.

The exodus of the Church to the west began in

February, 1846. On the Iowa plains the "Mormon

Battalion"was recruited from among the pioneers to help the United States in its struggle with Mexico.

Five companies of these volunteers went to Fort

Leavenworth, then on August 13 started their long and historic march to the Southwest, arriving at the

San Diego Mission in California on January 29, 1847.

On the same day the exodus began from Nauvoo,

February 4, 1846, Samuel Brannan, leader of the

Church in the New York area, embarked for California with a company of more than two hundred on the sailing ship Brooklyn. Their journey took them around

Cape Horn into the Pacific to the Juan Fernandez

Islands off the coast of Chile, then to Honolulu, and finally into the San Francisco Bay where they landed

July 31, 1846. When they left New York, California

had been Mexican territory, but they found the stars and stripes flying over "Yerba Buena."

Within a few months the name of Yerba Buena was changed to San Francisco, and these ship Brooklyn pioneers were in at the beginning of a bustling metropolis. In the hold of the Brooklyn they had houseThe residencein the centerof Samuelof whatBrannanis nowin 18h7.ChinatownHe builtin Santhis

carefully brought a printing press; and the California Francisco.

Star, the second newspaper to be published in California, made its appearance in January 1847.

On Sunday, April 4, 1847, Samuel Brannan and two companions left the Bay of San Francisco, traveling eastward on horseback. They passed over the last

camping grounds of the Donner Party who had met their tragic end that winter, crossed what is now

Nevada and Utah, and on June 30, after a journey of more than eight hundred miles, found Brigham

Young camped on the Green River. Brannan brought Samuel Brannan,

news from the Brooklyn Saints who were now said to have been

California's first settling in the San Joaquin Valley; of the Battalion millionaire.

which had reached the Pacific Coast; of the newspaper

California Star (he had brought sixteen numbers with him ); of the richness of California's soil; of its wonderful climate; of the conquest of the country by the

United States; and of the Brooklyn colony's invitation

for President Young and the main body of pioneers to join them.

President Young insisted that the Saints were going to the valley of the Great Salt Lake, and a very disappointed Samuel Brannan returned to his "new"home to lose his identity with the Church. In his CaliYerba Buena (San Francisco) as it appeared in 18A6U7

to the Brooklyn pioneers.

MAY 1964 371

JMiftl An artist''s conception of Sutter's Fort in 184.6

forma he found opportunities beyond his dreams as Moore (now the site is appropriately marked in downhe became one of San Francisco's early leaders and town Los Angeles) and raised the first American had much to do with the Vigilante Committee that flag there on a giant flagpole July 4, 1847. Their

brought law and order there. He has often been enlistment for one year was up, and although they

called California's first millionaire, but his wealth was were requested to reenlist, the majority of them were squandered and dissipated over the years. He lost mustered out at Los Angeles July 16, 1847 and went

his identity with the American giants of that golden northward to the San Joaquin Valley and to San age in California, his influence vanished, and he was Francisco, then the only known direct route to the to die alone, penniless, and unremembered at EseonSalt Lake Valley. In the Bay City they swelled the

dido, in southern California, in 1889. membership of the Church, and there, Addison Pratt,

Members of the Mormon Battalion had become returning from a mission to the Society Islands (Tapeacetime soldiers in southern California. They helped hiti), became president of the San Francisco Branch

improve housing and other conditions; they built Fort of the Church December 2, 1847.

The old John M. Horner church and sclioolhouse built in 1850 in Centerville.

In this old adobe dwelling in Alameda County, Latterday Saint religious services and socials were held from late 1847 or early 1848 until 1850.

Some of the men of the Mormon Battalion were After fulfilling their working agreements to Captain hired as laborers by Captain John Sutter who had vast Sutter the veterans of the Mormon Battalion did not holdings in the Sacramento area. Six of these men, seek to find gold deposits on their own, but took their

three other white men, and some Indians were workearnings and turned eastward, journeying to the Salt ing under the direction of James W. Marshall, Sutter's Lake Valley where many of them found their families

foreman, constructing a millrace at Coloma, Caliand the Church.

fornia, January 24, 1848, when gold was discovered in The Saints of the ship Brooklyn were mostly of farm their diggings. stock. They recognized the rich soil and the superb

Elder Henry W. Bigler recorded the discovery in growing conditions. They found a new leader among

his diary, the diaryentry being accepted by historians themselves, John Horner, who went with them to who thus have dated the discovery that led to the develop new farmlands. His bounteous harvests

California gold rush and brought thousands of men were only matched by the prices that gold miners to the gold fields. were willing to pay, {Continued on page 417)

John M. Horner,

often called California's "first"farmer.

A page from the journal of Henry W. Bigler, a member

of the Mormon Battalion, which has established the date of the discovery of gold on the American River.

MAY 1964 373 Recently a young man was notified that he was being transferred from Utah to Northern California. He

immediately went there to become acquainted with his new workday assignment. But he was doing

more. He was quietly making his own survey of

something most precious to him—the Church. He

came back to Utah to wind up his affairs and to help his family pack, and he was elated. The Northern

California he saw was what he was looking for—

friendly congregations of the Saints, opportunities for church activity in modern chapels, just as he had known and loved them where he had been active in the Church. Yes, he would be perfectly at home there.

The story of the Church in a given area is the same as in any other area where the members are active and have their heart in the work. And the members'

hearts and souls are dedicated to the work in Northern California.

Beautiful LDS chapels and other church buildings dot the land there. But when one thinks of these

buildings, one structure immediately comes to mind:

the East Bay Interstake Center that shares the grounds with the Oakland Temple.

The late President Stephen L Richards of the First

Presidency broke ground for this building on July 20, 1957. He said: "I envision in this unique building

combination a pattern which will be widely emulated throughout the Church. This will be a great center

of activity for the Church in this area—especially for

the young people—a place where they may come and

find their partners."

Speaking on the same occasion, Elder Mark E.

Petersen of the Council of the Twelve said: "As you

build [here] you are building souls; you are building

character; you are building for eternal happiness

and salvation."

The building, planned by the OaklandBerkeley,

Hayward, and Walnut Creek stakes, contains an auditorium which seats 2,200 plus a hall which can seat 1,000; a twoward chapel with seating facilities for

330, classrooms, cultural hall for the wards, Junior

The LDS Church is a strong advocate of the scouting program. Here are six young men of the Walnut Creek Stake

who received Eagle awards at a recent Court of Honor.

B President David O. McKay and O. Leslie Stone, President

of the OaklandBerkeley Stake and the Oakland Temple

District, inspect an early rendering of the new temple.

C The East Bay Interstake Center, on Temple Hill in Oakland, is a mecca for church activities in the Bay area.

D Playing in the largest basketball league in the world, the senior team from the Oakland Third Ward shows its superiority over a team from Hawaii in the tournament in

Salt Lake City.

mm.Top. President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of P

the Twelve speaks at a special gathering in the East Bay

Interstake Center.

Above. President David O. McKay addresses a capacity

audience during dedicatory services of the Interstake

Center September 25, 1960.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sunday School chapel and classrooms; baptistry,

offices, and miscellaneous rooms which complete the building complex. A mammoth stage is designed to

be used in conjunction with either the auditorium or the large hall.

The building was officially opened with a festive program, Friday, October 16, 1959.

A great pipe organ, costing $50,000, was especially designed for the auditorium and built in Weikersheim,

Germany. It was played for the first time on Sunday,

September 25, I960, at the services wherein President

David O. McKay dedicated this building.

In less than four years since the dedication, the

East Bay Interstake Center has become the focal point of the LDS community. Indeed it has become

the cultural center of activity voiced by President

Richards at the groundbreaking.

Later this summer (the dates are yet to be determined) the Mutual Improvement Associations of five

Bay Area stakes are planning a pageant with a cast of 600 to 800, both young and old. In music, drama,

and dance the presentation will focus attention of the youth of the Church and nonmembers on the purpose of temple building and upon the history of the Church.

It will present parts of the life of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, the Book of Mormon, the growth of the Church in its infancy, and the temples at Kirtland and Nauvoo;

the westward movement and President Brigham Young and the building of the inland empire; and finally,

the growth of modern Israel, how the Church meets::

Top. Admirers crowd around President McKay between

services at Interstake Center.

Above. Although there were only 50 LDS students among

the 1,00 who attended the Homestead High School in

Sunnyvale, California, in 196263, these three young men from the Sunnyvale Ward, Palo Alto Stake, held high positions of leadership. L to R, Kent Reynolds, sophomore

president; Richard Hart, student body vicepresident, and

Richard Dillender, student body president.

MAY 1964 377 Part of a group of 53 persons who recently completed a genealogical school in the San Jose Stake.

the needs of man and the challenge of the world, Northern California entrants are looked forward to as and the Oakland Temple. fine contenders in the allChurch tournaments in

In the athletic programs of the Church, the areas Utah. Most recently the Oakland Third Ward, Oakin Northern California have always participated and landBerkeley Stake placed third in the junior allfound additional activity and joy by so doing. The Church basketball tournament in Salt Lake City.

# # * * e The Saints in the area to be served by the Oakland

Temple have a variety of projects functioning in the church welfare program. There are agricultural

projects ranging in size from a few acres to a thousand acres, the latter being operated by five stakes at

Pleasanton, California. Some of the peaches used by

the church welfare program are produced in Gridley and processed by a modern church welfare cannery in Sacramento. Beef and many canning crops are

produced in the welfare projects of this area. The

raisins used in the churchwide program are grown and dried by the two Fresno stakes.

The Church and all who read of it were thrilled by the show of brotherhood, administered under the church welfare program at Yuba City, California, after a dike gave way on Christmas Eve, 1955, causing extensive damage by flooding. Many escaped with

but what they wore, and the Yuba City Ward chapel, which had sustained water damage, became the headquarters for relief and rehabilitation work after waters had receded from the building.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The San Francisco Stake, organized July 10, 1927, entire families. As we teach, we explain the signifiis the oldest California stake of the Church concance and importance of the entire family unit made

tinuously functioning under its name. There was a possible by the work which is performed within the

San Bernardino Stake briefly in pioneer times. The temples of the Lord. With this new temple being built

old Los Angeles Stake was organized January 21, within the confines of our mission, parents realize the 1923, but name changes, realignments, and reorganizareality and completeness of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

tions took place in 1939. "Already [this was written in March] we receive

In 1923 the old Los Angeles Stake was one of three calls at the mission home from people desiring to stakes to be organized that year, and was the eightylearn more about the temple and the Church."

seventh stake then functioning in the Church. Begin- * # * # #

ning with the old Los Angeles Stake approximately The Church in the Oakland Temple District ( or any twenty percent of the stakes of the Church that have area of the Church) is not only chapels of brick and been organized in the fortyyear period have been stone, but also priesthood and Sacrament meetings, geographically wholly or partly in California. Sunday School and seminary classes, Relief Society

$ * * and Primary gatherings, wholesome weekevening

Over the years missionary work has been carried activities of the Mutual Improvement Associations, forward with some of the minority groups in Caliearly-morning, lateat-night, and allday Saturday fornia. For a time the headquarters of the Chinese toiling in the cause of brotherhood on welfare projects.

Mission were in San Francisco's Chinatown. Today All these activities, and much more, aid, of course,

San Francisco Stake, in that cosmopolitan city, has a but the Church is individual members with goals set

Polynesian Ward as well as branches of Chinesehigh to obtain their place in the promised eternities.

American and SpanishAmerican brothers and sisters. The Oakland Temple is now completed physically

There is a Spanishspeaking ward in the Fresno East and is soon to be spiritually dedicated. Worthy memStake. SpanishAmerican branches are also a part of bers of the Church will have a temple in their midst,

San Jose and Sacramento stakes. Work has also been a tower and a source of heavenly strength always.

done with the people of Armenian extraction in the During the time that the Oakland Temple was being

Fresno area. planned President McKay once gave this challenge:

$ & $ * # "If everyone were so living today in such a way to

Across the street from the Oakland Temple at 4945 be worthy to participate in temple ordinances, we

Lincoln Way, are the new quarters of the Northern would soon have universal peace."

California Mission, having been recently moved from Sunday is a day of worship and churchgoing for

San Francisco. young people of The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterActivity in this mission is always good with the day Saints, like these from the Sunset Ward, San Frannumber of baptisms consistent to place the Northern cisco Stake.

California Mission among the leading missions of the Church.

Quoting from a recent report prepared in that mission: "One of the greatest challenges facing missionaries today is that of gaining entrance into the homes of families so that we can explain the message of the restored gospel. In the Northern California Mission

we have many excellent tools that we use in this proselyting effort.

"This year we have another important development in our mission: the construction and completion of

the Oakland Temple. This is awakening the interest

of many people in the Bay area and throughout our mission. As we introduce ourselves, people comment

that they have noticed the new edifice that our Church is constructing on the hill. They ask questions about

the temple, and they want to know about what the

Church, believes.

"In our mission our main emphasis is on teaching

MAY 1964 379 THE OAKLAND TEMPLE BY HAROLD W. BURTON

SUPERVISING ARCHITECT, CHURCH BUILDING COMMITTEE

AND

W. AIRD MACDONALD

The temple as it appears at sunset from across a lake in doivntown Oakland.

Forty years ago this summer, in 1924, the late Presithose hills, a glorious ensign to the nations, to welcome dent George Albert Smith, then a member of the our Father's children as they visit this great city."

Council of the Twelve was in San Francisco attending A few years later, President David O. McKay, then

regional -Boy Scout meetings. As the president of the one of the Twelve, visited Oakland at one of our first

little Oakland Branch of the California Mission, I stake conferences, and asked to see the place where [Aird Macdonald] was invited to meet him at the Brother Smith had envisioned a temple. I accomFairmont Hotel, high atop Nob Hill. We sat on the panied him to the hill, a point high above the Diroof terrace facing the East Bay, discussing affairs mond district off Mountain Boulevard, the present

concerning the little church organization across site of the Oakland Temple. Following President

the bay. McKay's visit, negotiations for the purchase of the

From the Fairmont terrace we had a wonderful property continued for several years, until the Church panorama of the great San Francisco Bay, nestling at finally acquired the hill where Brother Smith saw the our feet. The setting sun seemed to set the whole vision of a temple that summer evening in 1924.

eastern shore afire, until the Oakland hills were ablaze The vision of a "White Temple"on the East Bay with golden light. As we admired the beauty and hills persisted and became the dream of the local

majesty of the scene, President Smith suddenly grew church colony. After the visit of President McKay,

silent, ceased talking, and for several minutes gazed efforts to buy the site continued over a period of intently toward the East Bay hills. fourteen years. But many circumstances developed

"Brother Macdonald, I can almost see in vision a to block the ownership of the hilltop by the Church.

white temple of the Lord high upon those hills,"he One private owner refused to sell his essential parcel.

exclaimed rapturously, "an ensign to all the world It was not until after his death that a settlement travelers as they sail through the Golden Gate into among his heirs finally made the property available.

this wonderful harbor."Then he studied the vista Once the site was preempted by the school board for

for a few moments as if to make sure of the scene an elementary school building. When plans changed,

before him. "Yes, sir, a great white temple of the the property fell into the hands of a real estate housLord,"he confided with calm assurance, "will grace ing promoter, whose plans were approved by city,

3SO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grant sent a member of the First Presidency [President

McKay] to look at the site, and he reported to President Grant and the Brethren that it was ideal. From

that time on, this site has been called 'Temple Hill.'

"On November 16, 1942, a letter signed by President

Heber J. Grant and President David O. McKay, counselor, was sent to Brother A. B. Graham stating, 'We

have concluded to purchase the fifteen acres suggested in President Hilton's letter of September 15, 1942, and inspected by yourself, President McKay, President Hilton, and others, on Tuesday, November 3, 1934.'etc. With that letter was enclosed a check for

$100.00 for assurance of good faith, and later (January 28, 1943), the balance was sent down, and this

site was purchased for a little over $18,000.00."Other

parcels of land were later added to the original purchase to enlarge the site.

On Monday, January 23, 1961, President David O.

McKay flew to San Francisco to a prearranged meeting at the Hilton Hotel near the San Francisco airport.

Stake presidencies in the area from Fresno on the south to Klamath on the north and Reno on the east were present. At that time there were nineteen stakes

in the area. Now, three years later there are twentyfive.

President McKay announced that the First Presidency and the Council of the Twelve had approved a temple for Oakland. Construction was started as

county, and state officials, but because of the Korean soon as the plans were ready.

War he was not able to proceed with the project. Harold W. Burton, supervising architect of the

President David O. McKay related the following Church building committee, had been appointed

at the groundbreaking for the temple on May 28, 1962: architect for the temple, the fifteenth to be erected

"I am reminded that it was in 1934 when a comby the Church in this dispensation. This is the third

mittee was appointed to choose the site of the Oaktemple that Brother Burton has designed. He was but

land Temple. I wish to commend those men. The twentyfive years of age and the junior partner of the

chairman of that committee was Eugene Hilton,... firm of Pope and Burton when their design for a

[with] Delbert F. Wright,... and A. B. Graham, a temple to be built in Canada was selected from among

real estate man, who has gone to his reward. Those eight sets of plans in "anonymous competition."Later

three men looked around this area for a suitable temple he was assigned to prepare plans for the temple site, and they finally chose one which was most suitin Hawaii.

able, but it was not for sale. It was this site. The stake presidencies were overjoyed with this

"The war came on, but the labors of these men conannouncement and pledged to President McKay that tinued. One day, Brother Graham received word that they would raise not less than five hundred thousand

the site they had chosen seven years before was for dollars toward the construction of the temple.

sale. The owner had been unable to consummate a One stake president recalls making a mental calcudeal which he had anticipated and now had the fifteen lation that the pledge would mean more than five dolacres for sale. Brother Hilton said, 'This is most imlars per capita for the 92,000 church members of

portant. It is an answer to our prayers. We shall not the area.

wait for the mails. I shall go to Salt Lake tonight.'Then all too quickly the meeting was at an end

"I commend the faith, the energy, and wisdom of and the stake presidencies stood in line to say goodthe members of this committee who chose the site bye to the President. Each in his turn took the then

which today we are dedicating, and on which we 87year-old Church leader by the hand saying someshall break first ground. thing like, "We'll have the money, President McKay."

"It was two months later when President Heber J. And he smiled and replied, "I know you will,"in such

MAY 1964 381 a way that they knew, too, that it was almost even moved for fill, a major portion by the city of Oakland.

then a reality. The East Bay InterStake Center had been erected on

At that meeting a temple committee was named the property in 19571959.

with President O. Leslie Stone of the OaklandBerke- Subsequently, when President Carroll Smith was

ley Stake as chairman, President David B. Haight of called to preside over the Western Canadian Mission,

the Palo Alto Stake, vice chairman, Presidents Dallas President James Price Ronnow of Reno Stake joined

A. Tueller of the Fresno Stake and Carroll William the temple committee. Today another member of

Smith of Klamath (Oregon) Stake as members. Paul that committee, President David B. Haight, serves as

E. Warnick of the OaklandBerkeley Stake high president of the Scottish Mission.

council was named executive secretary of the comLooking back on it now, the committee reports that mittee, and Sister Nell Smith was appointed pubthere was no difficulty in raising the funds. Children's

licity chairman. pennies and widows'mites joined the sizeable conPresident McKay was to return to Salt Lake City tributions of the more prosperous members. Everythat evening. He recalled how he used to travel to one was willing and anxious to do his share and more.

church appointments in a horse and buggy, and how, One nonmember in the city of Oakland made a volunwhen he first had gone to California as a member of tary unsolicited contribution of $3,500. On February

the Council of the Twelve, there were but small 24, 1964, President Stone reported to The Improvebranches there. ment Era: "As of this date over $600,000 has been

Upon leaving the meeting some of the stake presicontributed...."It was indeed gratifying to see how

dents drove past the temple site. Actually, the work the people responded with their contributions.

had already commenced. The site had been leveled President McKay returned to Oakland, Saturday,

in 1955, when 240,000 yards of rock and shale were May 26, 1962, where he officially broke ground for the structure. All members of the First Presidency

and many of the General Authorities were present.

partThe head of Christ, of Approximately seven thousand were in attendance atthe sculptured panel on the south facade of the temple which depicts the this service. Construction on the building started the

appearance of the Savior following Monday morning.to the Nephites.

President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve laid the cornerstone on Saturday, May 25, 1963. Here the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir (then on

a concert tour in California) sang at the services, which were attended by an estimated seven thousand.

The Oakland Temple differs from the older type of temple in that there will be but two ordinance rooms. The ceremonies that are performed in four

rooms in other temples are consolidated into each of these two rooms. The ceremonies in these two

ordinance rooms will be alternated at one hour and fifteen minute intervals. The celestial room will be

common to both ordinance rooms, which will make it possible for one group of temple workers to officiate in both rooms.

The celestial room in the Oakland Temple, located directly under the central tower and spire, is thirtyeight feet square. The room has a thirtyfive foot

high ceiling. The walls are covered in giallo sienna,

a beautiful goldentoned marble imported from Italy.

The wall panels are of lightcolored South American wood, known as Prima Vera. This Prima Vera wood

has a golden glaze which harmonizes perfectly with the beautiful Italian marble. The floor will be carpeted with a deep pile velvet carpet in a golden hue

that harmonizes with the marble and wood paneling.

Beneath the celestial room is the baptistry in the

i

'3kWIK!Wft /

# P% t

BLESSEDARE. THE

SEE THEY SHALL FOR PUREGODIN.urHEART5 * A.NQ HIS WOHTi.OU5>i..

. "':: -.<y.:::.::: '

--.-<":IHOLINESS TO THE LORD THE HOUSE OF THE. \J3W

THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SMNTS

THE OAKLAND TEMPLE

BB.::'."'.: '"..;,.;,;;';vi:::Si i; \S$

This sculptured panel on the north side of the temple represents in heroicsize figures the Savior teaching his followers in Palestine.

exact center of the building, in the lowest part of the administrative offices are in the east wing.

temple. The floor of the baptistry is marble, the The exterior of the building from the base to the top

sixteen supporting columns that carry the weight of of the central tower is faced with sierra white granite, the central tower and spire is covered with a travertine which is quarried at Raymond, California, approximarble which is quarried in Utah. It is crystalline mately 175 miles from the temple site.

formation with onyx and other crystals, which gives it The temple proper sits on the stylobate 210 feet a rich bronzelike effect. from east to west and 190 feet from north to south.

The front itself is supported on the backs of twelve It faces two and onehalf degrees west off true lifesized oxen covered with pure gold leaf. The north. The central tower rises 170 feet from ground

oxen have the appearance of emerging from reeded level to the tip of the finial or spire. There are four

foliage, which will be polychromed in natural foliage lesser spires directly over the four corner towers.

colors. The oxen are typical of those used by the early These spires reach heavenward ninetysix feet. The

Mormon pioneers in crossing the plains. towers are perforated and are covered in a blue glass

There are ten sealing rooms in the building, two of mosaic and gold leaf. They present a very striking

which have a seating capacity of sixty, four with a effect in the sun light and at night will be illuminated seating of twentytwo each, and four seating sixteen from the interior of the spires, transmitting rays of each. The sealing rooms will be carpeted wall to wall. lacy light which stream through the perforations. The

All four walls are paneled with silkcovered panels temple will present a stirring sight, especially at night, and mirrors. These mirrors give the symbolic effect

of eternity because of the repeated reflections on all for viewers from miles away.

sides of the rooms, A feature of the exterior of the temple is two

The ground floor of the temple is devoted to the sculptured panels, thirtyfive feet wide and thirteen initiatory ceremonies. The west wing contains the feet one inch high. The sculptured figures in these

Bureau of Information and a reception room for panels, one on the north facade and one on the south temple patrons. The temple chapel and the other facade, are heroic in size. (Continued on page 386)

MAY 1964 383 mm

The beauty and majesty of the Oakland Temple fs caught on colored film as different scenes and times of day change its moods.

MAY 1964 385 The Oakland Temple Albert Smith envisioned a temple in

Oakland one stands on the very hill- ( Continued from page 383 top he saw in blazing light on that summer evening so long ago? "And

in that day men shall see visions,"

The panel on the approach, or north said the Prophet Micah in ancient side of the building, depicts Jesus of Israel. In 1924, no one by human

Nazareth in Palestine; the one on wisdom could have guessed that one

the south facade shows Jesus apday a temple would be erected in pearing to the Nephites in the Land the bay area. At that time only a

Bountiful. These panels grow out of few small branches struggled to keep

the face of the building and are the Church alive in all of California.

executed in the same granite as the But this became the dawning of a rest of the building, and thereby new period in the growth of the have the appearance of being an Church on the Pacific coast.

integral part of the temple. The makeup of the Oakland

From the stylobate projecting Temple District has yet to be annorthward are two wings, thirty feet nounced, however, the following by 149 feet, enclosing a forecourt stakes have been suggested: Ameri80 feet wide and 116 feet long. can River, Concord, Fresno, Fresno

There will be a reflecting pool in East, Gridley, Hayward, Klamath, the center of the forecourt thirtysix Monterey Bay, Napa, North Sacrafeet wide and ninetyseven feet long. mento, OaklandBerkeley, Palo Alto,

This will be fed by a waterfall comRedding, Redwood, Reno, Reno ing from the top of the stylobate North, Sacramento, San Francisco, down the face of the building into San Joaquin, San Jose, San Jose a catch basin, overflowing into the West, San Leandro, San Mateo, reflecting pool. The stylobate will Santa Rosa, and Walnut Creek. Corbe beautifully landscaped with exotic vallis, Salem, and Willamette have

plantings. From this point, the also been suggested for the district.

visitor will get a breathtaking panoOther stakes are being considered.

ramic view of the entire bay area. The church membership of the

The forecourt will be landscaped twentyeight named stakes is quoted with a variety of citrus trees typical as 124,290.

of California. To the Saints of the Northern

The temple has been erected by California Mission the Oakland Temthe Leon M. Wheatley Co., Inc., ple will be "their"temple, as well,

and the Jacobsen Construction Co., although it has been the policy of

Inc., as a joint venture. Superinthe Church never officially to asof construction has tendent CO been to field a temple mission sign a a) CM <u -f—nj tz -s= *.2 oj = C. Robert Loden. the district. o meet Members oo who ra

. > -nITZ o Price resident has Arthur been for are entry temple requirements IS a. cda CD O *- architect the consupervisor during edifices in no these holy TOv. welcome z;>>

QJ +j i.9 in of struction the temple. acted reside. He they matter where to 00 -J3 toO *- CD"Om to similar build- a the capacity during -* cu <UC CD E =i roao<L> 5 O COa)!- roen ing of nearly the Arizona Temple

& a. to "forty ago. years o ca o co CD to c -t-> O First Presidency on January The T3CD a> -+—O: 3 TOw E the 4, appointment 1964 announced E <T3 -, BE GLEANERS I5 Ofl CD P 3. a>o presiof F. as '> Delbert Elder Wright "a

CO FARNSWORTH HASE BY ROXANA of with c:p the Temple, dent o Oakland CD -QTOcu CDCO EiZ (/I0> Q o2 <

Sister Wright as temple matron. A

member of the Priesthood Home Glean, oh, you women of today, t Teaching Committee at the time of And bind the golden sheaves; Aw o

Illinois Pian this appointment, Elder Wright is a Let virtue be your hearts of grain

uriitzer of the president Oakboth former nic lb, leaves; charity your 04!*.. And

stakes. land the Minnesota and He

faithfulness, the cord with Bind of 1 of the committee a was member C a co < o<u—ra 2:a ideals, high in some Weave site for the selected the which KALB.

JILDER iTz watchword, temple. your be Let wisdom E

is to Construction scheduled be yields. 2 daily peace your Love and i-J 1 aco in

Pian Fund IS this sometime summer. completed

LARGES Glean, oh, you of today, women me

Company, in forty years pioneers were The ORGANS old, as did Ruth Glean of of Salt the the building Lake Temtn -i k rm end substance, material not 'SO-J Yet for it ple. Is that a 0) happenstance!B W,Crt * #A

B 1 tloa ra cm g Addres(/ Citv \r 5 W forty years after President George But for golden truths to hold.

Nationwide Consumer Testing Institute proves

Samsonite best of 6 brands in withstanding seat stress

This "Vertical Impact"test was just found generally superior in appearance, workmanone of many tests Nationwide Testship, strength and durability—and is Certified by

ing used to compare the Samsonite Nationwide as a quality product."This is the proof

#2600 AilSteel Folding Chair with that Samsonite's look may have been copied but '5 competitive brands. Devised to its original construction is still unmatched. And,

simulate repeated sitting down, a 50 combined with the best price and delivery terms, lb. bag delivered 20 blows per minute this is the proof that Samsonite chairs are your best

to the seats. After 30,000 impacts, Samsonite was buy, and give you the most value in group seating.

totally intact. But two brands'cross braces failed,

two other brands'metal was visible through the feet, another's top brace caps split even after only 9,000 impacts.

In test after test, the 6 chairs were subjected to ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS see information, your Pages delivery Yellow and price For chairs strain of stress, shock your kindthe and

Bros., to write or Shwayder "ChairsFolding"under abuse. get in use and The result? normallywould Detroit Div., Institutional Seating Dept. 1E54, 29,

According to Nationwide Testing, "Samsonite is Mich.

Are you going to Europe?

Teaching not diminish faith, for had education

Have you a Missionary been found to destroy faith, God's support would not have been so 3Returning Home? freely given. ( Continued from page 369

In an address to the seminary and institute of religion faculties during

PLAN A MERCEDESBENZ the summer convention of 1953,

HOLIDAY THIS YEAR guidance on the water, as in their Elder Harold B. Lee charged them

journeyings on land, he prepared to:

for Liahona, the them a compass "... so teach the gospel that Place your order with us effecoperated an influence more by

for a MercedesBenz at tive for its purposes than that of students will not be misled by purLow European Prices terrestrial magnetism; furthermore, veyorslations ofof falsefaultydoctrines,interpretations.vain specu-...

divine instructions received Moses

Yours is to teach the old truths, 3 in architecture."

truths, the simple the foundation clarified President F. Smith Joseph delivery and in Europe Mm<, Take teachings gospel of the of Jesus in of the extensiveness the gospel a vacation in your enjoy Christ, not concerned about and be this manner: m own car new speculations that are startling

"In the theological sense, the gosand intriguing, whether true or not."6

of In science the the realm method of then hypothesis a formulating and Bring it back home where pelof goodmeansnews,more withthan justaccompanyingthe tidings our service department will joy to the souls of men, for it emtesting it is desirable because it not }W give it expert care braces every principle of eternal infrequently results in new distruth. There is no fundamental coveries. In the area of gospel

principle, or truth, anywhere in the universe, that is not embraced in the

Ken Garff Imports gospel of Jesus Christ, and it is not

TO MY MOTHER first princito the simple confined525 So. State St. DA 8-8541 COLLINS FLETCHER BY HELEN faith ples, as repentsuch in God,

Salt Lake City, Utah ance from sin, baptism for the remission of sins, and the laying on Age can be beautiful of hands for the gift of the Holy Like the year in the fall,

Ghost, although these are absolutely And, remembering you, I shall essential to salvation and exaltation Not mind growing older at all.

in the kingdom of God.

"The laws known to man as the I shall recall the grace 'laws of nature,'through which the Of appleladen boughs, earth and all things on it are govFulfilling with ruddy fruit erned, as well as the laws which Young springtime's radiant vows.

prevail throughout the entire universe, through which heavenly bodies

BIG $S CAKE DECORATING. Housewives wanted! are controlled and to which they are

$5 hour easy spare time. Endless demand for obedient in all things, are all cirscholarship, however, such proceProfessional Candy Decorations in and the lovely included Coke cumscribed and dures are not adequate. Lord The all parties, birthdays, weddings, Christmas, for sciengospel. natural or Every law there that informed Smith Joseph to turn your you occasions. how show We tific truly principle that has man required. capital mine. gold into kitchen No are powers a beyond this world which

Start your own business small, grow big. Send discovered, but which was always quicken the understanding, if one

to to "Fun & Profit for month subscription FREE 3 known God, is a part of the goswill but listen to the Spirit. He said: 4 Decorators and for Cake magazine Hobbies"pel truth."

complete facts home on and Makers, Candy is then, the gospel In essence, shineth, the light Dept. "And D989, which instruction. CAKE, & CANDY

in its Falllimitless scope. extent and California. brook, giveth is through which you light,

Furthermore, the gospel is for both him who enlighteneth your eyes, the spiritual and temporal benefit of which is the same light that quickman. However, to learn all that eneth your understandings;

EARN YOUR ASSOCIATE there is to be learned will obviously "Which light proceedeth forth allotted require time the than more fill to the of the presence from God IN BUSINESS DEGREE life. mortal during of immensity space—"LD"AT Widtsoe, Dr. A. a was who John is all in light things, "The which SECRETARIAL of scholar a learned and member SCIENCE life all things, to giveth which which DATA of the the believed Council Twelve, PROCESSING is all are things the which law by

MARKETING liberal gaining that did knowledge ACCOUNTING A. Reconcilia5Widtsoe, Evidences and John MANAGEMENT

I, tions, Articles City, Salt E., Faith, Vol. Bookcraft, 3Talmage, of 1952 1943; Lake James PERSONAL

5. edition; Salt City, 3135. Utah; Utah; page Lake pp. DEVELOPMENT

ediof Lee, B., Doctrine, F., 4Smith, Mission Gospel Harold Joseph 1949 Church "The LDS INSTITUTE

for Write Free Catalog tion;Utah; Deseretpp. 8586.Book Company, Salt Lake City, Schools,"Session, AugustBrigham21, 1953;Youngpp.University5, 7. Summer

D. MR. L. SAUNDERS

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

411 E. SO. TEMPLE - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA governed, even the power of God who sitteth upon his throne, who is in the bosom of eternity, who is in the midst of all things."(D&C

88:1113.) In the same revelation the Savior continued: "And if your eye be single

to my glory, your whole bodies shall be filled with light, and there shall be no darkness in you; and that body

which is filled with light comprehendeth all things."(Ibid, 88:67.)

Academic freedom enables the student to pursue his secular field, knowing that all the truth he discovers is accepted by the true

Church of Jesus Christ.

President Joseph Fielding Smith declared: "There never was a time, I suppose, in the history of the world when so much knowledge was in the possession of men. Surely knowledge has been increased, but at the

same time, the doctrine taught in this prophetic saying by Paul is true:

men are ever learning, but apparently never able to come to a knowledge of the truth."( 2 Timothy

3:7)....

"The Prophet did say that a man The shapely beauty of the USS ENTER- a wide range of strength and toughness.

cannot be saved in ignorance, but in PRISE masks her true character. She's These properties, tailored to the indiignorance of what? He said that a tough and in a scrap she can protect vidual protective application requirement,

man could not be saved in ignorance herself. Her hull contains thousands of combined with the inherent fabricability

of the saving principles of the gospel tons of USS Armor Plate SteelSTS in and weldability of USS Armor Plate Steels, of Jesus Christ. (Teachings of the her decks and bulkheads and HY80 in make steel the natural choice for naval

Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 297, 301, her sponsons and deep down in her torvessels, and the economical and sound

324, 331, 332.) pedo protection system. These steels, choice for armored vehicles.

born of U. S. Steel's long service to the

of and are only STS HY80 the two many its of and understanding Navy give needs, of the great mighty, "Not and many specialpurpose Steels in that USS end up the of physical her ENTERPRISE muchthose control the form and who countless applications to contributing is toughness. Her moral toughness an of of today,thoughts the people are security, comfort. convenience and Amerheritage. American find to in salvation thegoing kingica S. with steel—U. Steel grows and Tough, dependable Plate Armor USS

dom of God. Why? Because they Steels like STS and HY80 are available in first in steel. is

have not found the way; they are not

walking in the light of truth. They

have knowledge,may but they lack. MAXIMUM STRENGTH. TOUGHNESS, RELIABILITY United States Steel (OsS)...intelligence. "Now I understand that knowledge TRADEMARK

is very important, but there is a great fund of knowledge in the possession of men that will not save them in Additional New Rooms Just Recently Completed the kingdom of God. What they

have got to learn are the fundamental things of the gospel of Jesus

Christ. They have got to. learn to

faith learn in God.have must They ir,i "-'Har

to At the him. gotto obey have They

CENTER his hislearn commandments, ordiOF CONVENIENCE Luxurious Comfort—The Way You Like Itnances, unless keep them, and and

they do, all their learning and all SAVE Now at Winter Rates!

their knowledge will be of little TIMS benefit to them....

"So with all our boasting, with all NEW AMERICA, our understanding, with all the

AND HOT SHOPPES NOW 330 ATTRACTIVE ROOMS

Main Street at 5th South Salt Lake City

MAY 1964 389 knowledge that we possess—and let

me say that this great knowledge that has been poured out upon men, and all that is truth, has come from

God—but with it all, unless we

humble ourselves, and put ourselves in harmony with his gospel truth, and seek for the light which comes through the Spirit of truth, which is

Jesus Christ, we will never gain a fulness of knowledge."7

As indicated here, all of the knowledge man possesses comes from

God; it is where man places the

emphasis or importance that is significant. A man must not sacrifice

intelligence (the light of truth), for worldly or secular knowledge. Those

who gain exaltation must know all things, such knowledge will not be given unless man acquires those miv0 principles that lead to the kingdom of God. 8 The question now arises: How

does one measure the worth of his education? President McKay gives

this answer:

"A man may possess a profound knowledge of history and of mathematics; he may be an authority in

physiology, biology, or astronomy.

He may know all about whatever has been discovered pertaining to general and natural science, but if he has not, with this knowledge, that nobility of soul which prompts him to deal justly with his fellow men, to practice virtue and honesty in personal life, he is not a truly educated man.

"Character is the aim of true education; and science, history, and

literature are but means used to LOW? it's a Rilco laminated wood design accomplish this desired end.then make sure True education seeks to make. men..

and women not only good mathemaYou don't have to cut corners. Economies come naturally with Rilco structural systems. ticians, proficient linguists, profound

Strong, gracefully curving laminated wood arches simplify your construction. At the scientists, or brilliant literary lights,

same time, give your architect greater design freedom. There are no expensive, bulky but also, honest men.... It seeks to

Erection costs capacity. seating for greater sanctuary up your thus openingcolumns, make who prize women men and And up fast. go and decking too, beams reduced, as Rilco arches, substantiallyare truth, justice, benevolence, wisdom,

maintenance. practically no needsnatural wood selfcontrol as the choicest *—and

result: beauty unduplicated iiTpj The end life. acquisitions of warm, richly grained wood-a true ['of a successful

in of Worship. of reverence a Houseexpression...

is It then, true education? "What,

booklets interesting Rilco We have two we'd like to send you. Write today. is for truth, a just love a awakening

sense of duty, opening the eyes of the soul to the great purpose and end

Please send me the following: of life. It is not teaching the indi- D Church Construction Ideas Booklet 1 vidual to love the good for personal

Selecting and Working With Your Church Architect sake; it is to teach him to love the

NAME good for the sake of the good itself;

CHURCH to be virtuous in action because he is

ADDRESS C I TY ZO N E- STATE, Vol.7Smith,I, 1954;JosephBookcraft,Fielding,SaltDoctrinesLake City,of Salvation,Utah; pp.

MAIL TO: Weyerhaeuser Company, Box B-73, Tacoma, Wash. 290291.

sIbid pp. 291292.

Laminated Wood Products A"Weyerhaeuser J THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

V i:: YOU fc:|g:X i;,f&,.. Xi- t- '"|:g,:...;;: to limited Membership is not B.Y.U. students or,,,

":. X if students, former you ore:: 17 years of to 70!!-):: fJ

X.'.X it J X- age and are willing to adhere to the stand-

:::: i ards of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-

;X:XX ft:::;: x;;;x.:;y day Saints, you are eligible to apply for

membership.

TRAVEL

H'Xi;:;:;: '-'2,,:. r "-"!"k:::;;; 31X; Theoutof-thewayworld is ourplacescampus.not Youcoveredsee

;f.... by conventional tours. Low cost tours

Sli!1:||| 'fijijS:!'Ej|!:,...... meet high standards. Finest and safest

carriers used. You'll enjoy congenial

companionship... L.D.S, standards.

NOW

Tours begin in June. Send for information to now your plans make to see

in -. Xf: T"the wprld '64. Tours ore carefully Choose from Thirteen Tours for planned adults students. and... Visiting Forty Countries

1. Peoples and Arts Tour of Europe (June

15Aug. 13). Features New York World's

Fair and 16 countries.

2. European Highlights Tour (June 13July

15). Features New York World's Fair and

10 countries.

3. Student European Tour (June 12Aug. 13).

Features New York World's Fair and 12 countries. 4. European Ancestral Heritage Tour (July

18Aug. 20) N. Y. World's Fair, 8 countries. Free time in England for Genealogical Research.

5. Bible and Book of Mormon Lands Tour

(Aug. 15Sept. 30). Features New York

World's Fair and 12 countries.

Church History—Pageant Tour (July 24-

'>.::..';.<'.- W?WWM$$ Aug.and Hill2). FeaturesCumorah NewPageant.York World's Fair

Hawaiian SocioCultural Tour (July 8- 21). Features islands. Oahu and outer V July'Round the World Tour (June 12Aug. ''M Features New York World's Fair and 12).25

countries.

Pacific Circle Tour (Oct. 1-Nov. 15). Includes the World Olympic Games in

Tokyo, and 14 countries.

10 Spanish Study Program in Mexico (June 16Aug, 7). Six weeks'residence in Mexico City.

French Study Program in France. Features

New York World's Fair, 8 countries and residence in Paris.

12 American Colonial History Tour (July 25Aug. Features World's New York

Fair and15). early American and Church

sites. History

July Get ahead of yourself... be a Y's traveler... THIS 13 Early American Homes Tour (June 15and great19). Featureshomes inNew12 states.York World's Fair

YEAR TAKE A B.Y.U. TRAVEL STUDY TOUR

See the world with B.Y.U.

Go to the land of your Heritage. Visit

L.D.S. Church Historical Sites. Tour the Continent. Enjoy the wonders of the World's

Fair. Choose from 13 tours visiting 40

countries.

This is the era of travel, learn as you go.

Tours are directed by Brigham Yoyng Uni- i professors trained in the art of,,.,.:: versity

travel. Their experience and enthusiasm

;;; give you an exciting approach to the

1 cultural, social and spiritual aspects of travel.

: mmi - m J!!|i!;L MB1 - On a Brigham Young University Travel wot*!**, Tin Tour. Study detailed For indiinformation For detailed information indicate tours >

tours cate interest to of you, clip, and interest to you. Clip and Mail

mail.

Travel Study

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO, UTA

Name Address street city zone sta so in heart; to love and serve God

supremely, not from fear, but from delight in His perfect character."9

In other words, the gaining of knowledge is one thing; the application of it is another!

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING KODACOLOR 8-exp.

EXCITING, NEW COLOR roll—dev. & printing $2.55 per roll

roll Mou$il.35nted SLIDES MAnsco MEMOU 8mmCOLOR12exp. MOVIEroll—dev. & printing $3.00 per roll Conclusion

.1.35 Qut&ivyOikc 20 exp 135mm QomMX of The points this article may be 2.40 36 exp. 135 mm.

... fits shirt COMPACT follows: as 1.35 summarized pocket or 120

purse. 620 1.35

1.00 127.electric for outdoors! iMATIC.. eye 1.00 126 1. In all has encouraged ages God

film 1.00... motorized advance 828 learning his people, both for among Send Money Only—No C.O.D.'s calculator....flash

i )MICAL...twice as many pictures EQUIPMENT RENTALS their spiritual and temporal wellper roll on standard 16mm PROJECTORS being.

SLIDE FILMSTRIP PROJECTORS film AND 35mm this for acquiring 2. The purpose S FILMSTRIP PROJECTORS & RECORD strap wrist Complete with is twofold: knowledge (1) individOnly case. PROJECTION SCREENS and $55.17

ual exaltation and (2) to promote labs. productions and photochrome DESERET AUDIOVISUAL the kingdom of God on earth.

31 South 3rd 3223962 (area code 801) East, Salt Lake City, Utah Phone

Filmstrip Production—Visual Aids—Rental Equipment—Film Processing, Color, 16 mm B & W 3. The gospel of Jesus Christ encompasses all truth regardless of

its source.

4. Academic freedom, although

most difficult to define, has certain more than meets the eye constant factors—

a. Worldly knowledge increasingly contributes to the understanding and the dissemination A COURSE

of the gospel message. OF HOME b. Each individual is free to pursue his chosen academic field STUDY in his quest for truth.

TO c. Gospel discussion should be

centered around revealed truth, IMPROVE not speculation or individual interpretation. THE MIND d. All study will be more profitable if pursued with an honest

seeking of divine guidance.

5. Man is under the necessity of

only learning, not it is a because namePLEASE SEND fundamental divine admonition, and

FREE ADDRESS but because his eventual glory is

HOME STUDY C ity state alldependentknowledge.upon his acquisition of

VVXA.X -ii. JLl\-/\J X. \J TO: HOME STUDY. Brioham Younq University, Provo. Utah 6. Knowledge itself is ineffective.

is the hallmark of an educated man. AN EXCITING VACATION The wise application of knowledge

Jesus, the Christ, nearly two thousand years ago, said: "And ye

in the tanjtt #, fcnchajnimsmL shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."(John 8:32.)

FOUR FUNFILLED WEEKS Be he a scholarly academician or a

JUNE 14 to JULY 11 young child entering school for the

JULY 12 to AUGUST 8 firstgiventime,to anyonethis promisewho isis universallywilling to $325.00 Per Session pay the price—that of utilizing all of

his knowledge for the building of

CIRCLE-A RANCH FOR GIRLS the kingdom of God.

LIMITED ENROLLMENTAGES 7 to 15 McKay, David O., "True Education,"The

For further information write Instructor, August, 1961, pp. 253254.

CIRCLE A RANCH -CUBA -NEW MEXICO

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN PAYS $100 WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drinksickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else or liquor narcotics. everything On Fill application below right mail for out so and pay premiums why fully at you're low amazingly protected—will policy approval, away. your Upon be those do? who rates! mailed. at begins promptly Coverage noon in see newspaperEvery your day you

policy. deof date on effective your Don't 3. for loss that evidence drinking benefits smoking andmore Other lay. people enter day almost 50,000 Every life. of They'reshorten America's one now of 90 accident within days hospitals. get protection So now. yourleading health cause prime problems—a policy). (as described in $2000 pay We hospitaliof rates high the premium most for death. accidental cash cash $2000 Or

policies charge.zation foot, of loss of for or sight hand, one one GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

loss over of for eye. carefully. policy cash minyour both $6000 Read one Or your Ask rates are your based on Our ister, it. lawyer doctor sure examine and Be feet. eyes, hands, or both both

it it provides exactly what say Then, towe superior health, at all reason not satisare any if for you 100%does. nondrinkeras nonsmoker. a and The to just mail back policy invite close us your within 30 comparison We

will immediately fied,days we enand refund your HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire questions asked. premium. can You No offertion unbelievably Plan low can you

.. thousands dollars risk gain nothing..you of is like ours. Actually, other comBut no drinkersrates because accept do not we

save. rates. pare See what you rates. Also, smokers, high causeand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OUT AND MAIL?Y BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE

claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly StreetCity or RD #..Zone..County. -State TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day YearGood in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect. 2.

2. We cover all accidents and 3.

sicknesses, 4.

except pregnancy, war or miliany act of tary service, accidents preexisting or Toand thefreebestfromof anyyourphysicalknowledgeimpairment,and belief,or disease?are you andYesall membersNo listed above in good health To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above Qlisted had medical advice or

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include your first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

premium with application. Yes No If so, please give details stating person affected, cause, date, name and address

LOOK AT THESE of attending physician, and whether fully recovered.

AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply and under pays $2 $28 for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating

adult Each prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions. 1964 pays $380 $38

DateSigned:X, Each adult ATIAT

65100 pays $590 $59 871 to Mail this application with your first premium

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM RY PAYING YEARLYI AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

MAY 1964 Their Flag Flew on Iwo ]ima THE POWER WITHIN BY ROBERT G. HARDING

Follow their tradition by flying IMystoodfaceuponbareda toseashorethe storm.

your flag on ever) Thesistentwaves—angry, relentless, perWave after wave, national, state and Tearing at cliff, and shore, and

local holiday. headland,blow. pounding blow after

Always be I marveledwithin; at the force which lay

a good soul—Fear of such power clutched my

American The mighty waves!

I stood upon a lake shore My face bared to bitter wind.

The waves—wild, blusterous, determined-

Wave after wave, Long, breaking swells lapped the shore, and feathered out on pleasant sands.

I marveled at benign calmness due to follow;

soul—alt nkt Uiibnm No longer did fear of waves fill my

One of America's Great Newspapers The puny waves!

But winds were both the sameBoisterous, erratic, powerful.

It was the winds that held the power

To stir up waves, to wreck, to create the force of hurricanes, Or the power to pour out rain or to breathe upon a multipurpose world.

I marvel at this power and what behind it liesGod's world—the world we have

learned to love—

The power within!

THE LOFTY AND LONELY

BY WINIFRED HEISKELL LAYTON Who walks by night on a lonely hill,

Is your church any place to skimp dark and desolate, winterbare, on carpet quality? will find ancient wisdom almost fill

'No!"say the architects who specify for And Gropoint's 19 colors make it adapthis heart with solace, banish care.

so many of the stately new Mormon able to any decor. He finds that beauty doesn't perish,church buildings. Good carpet, they But Gropoint is just one of many

point out, absorbs sound, saves on mainBigelows whose quality befits Mormon flourishes instead above the crowd tenance costs. And, of course, improves church buildings. There are others, inwhere the way is lonely but nourishes

appearance. cluding styles for every public building, the man who walks hand in hand

Bigelow has 01 home. can customsurprisingly,Not Bigelow Gropoint every

create carpet. the perfect done with a cloud. We've (above] gets the nod.

it since 1825.

Longwearing Gropoint's allwool loop

RUGS S CARPETS SINCE 1825 pile softens noise to a hushed quiet. Bigelow

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r s

It would take a herd of nearly 900 cows to range of their buying, virtually every segment of supply milk to the families of Kennecott's 6700 Utah's economy feels the impact of copper.

Utah Copper Division employees. Every day However, Kennecott's annual payroll of

Utah's copper family buys about 13,200 quarts nearly $45 million is just part of the story. Add

of milk. This is just one example of the enormous $30 million in local purchases by the company,

purchasing power represented by the Kennecott and state and local tax payments totaling $12.5

payroll. million, and the grand total soars to $87.5 million!

Other examples of how employees spend Every operating day at Kennecott is the their daily earnings of approximately $124,000 starting point of dollars that circulate from one include average daily expenditures of $25,000 for end of the state to the other. Directly and infood products, $21,700 for housing, $11,700 for directly just about every Utahn is in the path of

clothing and $3,200 for health care. From the full these dollars.

vtah coPPer DivisionKennecott (Hopper Corporation r

Church Moves On Students Obroad Travel Service (Continued from page 340)

CONDUCTED TOURS FOR YOUNG AMERICANS He succeeds Elder L. Leon Jennings

STUDENTS - VISIT EUROPE THIS SUMMER as first counselor. Elder Lester GubExciting—Neverto-beforgotten Tour... Travel, live, study, ler sustained as second counselor.

exchange ideas with students in 16 other countries.

Departure June 8-1522-29. The First Presidency announced

65 Days including tours into Washington, D. C. and New York the appointment of Elder HowWorld's Fair. ard S. McDonald as president of the

PresiSalt succeeding Lake Temple

Finest Programming Available in U.S. supervised by qualified educators from your area. Smith. President R. dent Willard

Our specialty is the high school age tour, however, colleges and universities not in comMcDonald is a former president of petition with B.Y.U. will be considered. Brigham Young University and

Attention L.D.S. Teachers—positions now available—chosen on basis of Character, Background, president of Los Angeles City ColEnthusiasm, Interest in Students. Directors and companions receive a free trip to Europe and summer lege and Los Angeles State College,

stipend. including San Fernando State ColSEND FOR BROCHURE TODAY lege. At the time of this temple

reprehe was regional Executive Director appointment DICK MOODY sentative for the States United TELEPHONE 3739731 -AREA CODE 801 1296 EAST ELM AVENUE PROVO UTAH Commissioner of Education, in the

Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, with headquarters at

San Francisco.

APRIL 1964 The annual conference of the Primary Association opened this $2o 95 morningnacle. Featuredin the inSalttoday'sLake sessionsTaberMinimum purchase: two tables} were addresses by Elder Howard W.

Extra charge for delivery) Hunter of the Council of the Twelve;

Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr.,

ON ABC FOLDING Assistantert L. Simpsonto the Twelve;of theElderPresidingRobBishopric; and a 105piece Primary

children's orchestra from the Parley's BANQUET TABLES (Salt Lake City) Stake.

SALT LAKE CABINET AND FIXTURE Durable tubularsteel just entire purchased an COMPANY inch 29 of these load 30 by 96 by are Tables, passing Folding ABCcarfoldingTemperedlegsmasonite tops thePresidentFirst PresidencyN. Eldon Tannerand Elderof Banquet and

the savings on to you. Rigid and durable, with 1 %"steel aprons Harold B. Lee of the Council of the

sleek tables These and stylish. are made all around the speakers were Twelve among to last! metal edge Wearever Conference. today at Primary Music CALL IN OR COME top on 4-6103 Williamson Claude HU included of teachers a chorus from

the Ogden area and a chorus of chilSALT LAKE CABINET & FIXTURE COMPANY dren, 500 strong, from the Salt Lake 1436 South West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah City area. A dramatic presentation

"Teach Thy Children of the Lord"was given. Today's meetings con245 West Temple on North St. cluded the association's conference.

2 blocks from Only DowntownTOWN HOUSE MOTEL and The World Famous Temple Some returned missionaries and

WELCOMES YOU TO SALT LAKE CITY Square other groups held their reunions.,...- this evening.

With President David O. McKay presiding and conducting

the one hundred thirtyfourth annual conference of The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints opened in the Tabernacle this morning.

President McKay was presiding at

One of Salt Lake City's newest and finest motels. Heated pool the afternoon session with President

Free TV Radio and Background Music in Rooms Direct Dial Brown conducting.

Colored Phones Free Ice Air Conditioned

Recommended by A.A. A.

Lillian & Dell Hendrickson, Your Hosts Phone DA 8-9717 Area Code 801 396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA VISIT THE

UfltyheniwMb, (S3) United Stales Stiel

J l?fll NtTurlWofWifoif HW19M

THE CAREFREE WAY... by DOMELIHER

lake this a carefree—carfree vacation treat

and experience the wonderful difference of

Enjoy seelevel views of magnificent passing scenery from Dome cars. Modern coaches and Pullmans designed for comfort, luxurious

lounge cars, delightful dining cars provide every convenience for a safe, relaxing journey.

Choice of routes and free stopovers permit visiting many of America's historic shrines, interesting cities and other scenic attractions. There

is no finer way for youngsters and adults to learn about the heritage that made our country great.

You will be delighted, too, how economical the trip can be with moneysaving family fares traveling coach or Pullman, leaving

Monday through Thursday, returning any day.

Add new dimensions to your vacation by going Domeliner.

Contact nearest Union Pacific ticket office for information and reservations

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD Mothers and Grandmothers tion in that pattern of daily living. and marvelous success would be asMothers, it takes sacrifice and sured to the institution of marriage.

is no better proving ( Continued from page 363 courage, selfdenial and understandAnd there ing to do the things you are doing, ground for such a venture than in but more than that it takes loving your beginning of married life, children without the daily responsiand praying—lots and lots of it. It where your economic conditions are

bility is wonderful. It is a case of is not an easy assignment, but it pays stretched, where your objectives are

having your cake and eating it too. dividends, and oh, what dividends. alike, and when you both join forces

Right here I would like to pay There is nothing more deserving and in promoting worthwhile projects.

tribute to my own beloved mother, commendable in the world. It is Think of the power that is created,

who for many years was a grandworth your best efforts. Work at it. and as you ally yourself with this

mother and greatgrandmother. Make it your major. Study it and generated potential, it becomes sufWhen she reached her ninetyfourth find the answers. fused in you, and you are able to

milestone, her mind was clear and Recently I had the pleasure of accomplish much with little—not besparkling. Although frail in body, listening to an exceptionally talented cause you are good and clever, but

she was strong in her testimony piano duo, Shaw and Druke, perbecause you have allied yourself which increased with her years. Unform a concerto with flawless techwith lasting and powerful principles.

falteringly she looked forward to the nique and interpretation. And while Life can be very yielding if you

time when she would be called they were playing, I was impressed yearn and strive for the joy it "home."Through life she played with the marvelous coordination can give.

her different roles with precision that was required to produce such a A learned man divides joy into and care, and when she took her masterful exhibition, the hours of three categories: pleasure, happiness,

final curtain, her audience knew practice by each one individually, and blessedness—pleasure from play,

she had found that joy of a perthen the hours of synchronizing the happiness from work, and blessedfect performance. two perfected parts. And the thought ness from God.

I should like to pause long enough occurred to me that if every husband And so may I salute you young to mention the cavalcade of unwed and wife could put the same intellimothers; and I earnestly pray that

women and motherless wives, who gence and sensitivity into the busiyou may find that joy which comes stand by on this day with a shadow ness and art of being efficient in their through enriched living; also that

in their eyes and a lonely pain in relations to each other, as this duo continued pleasure, happiness, and their hearts. May they find compensaput into their vocation, what a great blessedness will be with you always.

The Legacy Lake Valley lay deep in snow, and smoothed. The head of the nail

an occasional flickering candle in a made a sort of setting. It was enthe hand a heart. a graved with showed where window On ( Continued from page 362 cabin

it. like ring another holding hers was honey candy mother was making

and a father was carving belated "It's the best I could do."With

Now, as the fiddles gaily swung toys, there was a tap on the barn a lopsided grin he added, "Actually, into "Old Dan Tucker,"he took her door. Melissa opened it to see I could hardly have used anything

hand and helped her down from the Jared standing in his great sheepmore precious—nails, that is. Iron

wagon. Plump little Polly, not yet skin coat. "Come out,"he whispered. nails are pretty hard to come by

caring for a courtly hand, jumped She cast an apprehensive glance around here."

down by herself. at her father, sitting glumly by the She couldn't speak. It was too

Melissa danced every dance and fire—no Christmas foolishness for much. But she laid her head on his

wasn't tired at all. She danced with him—and quickly took her shawl shoulder. "I wouldn't dare wear

Jared and with Mr. Strong and then from the hook by the door. it,"she finally said. "Pa'd lick me."

with Jared again. And then, oh, They stood in the barnyard under "Do you have a chain?"

womanly delight! another youth ap- a winter moon that gave a dazzling "Yes."

proached and asked for her hand brightness to the snow. "That's not "Then put it around your neck."

for the Virginia reel. As she dose- enough to keep you warm,"Jared "Oh, Jared, do you think it could

doed and galloped down the center, said, and took her into the folds of ever come true?"

she cast a quick glance to the side, his great coat. "Of course it will,"he said with

and saw Jared leaning against one "I have something for you. I manly assurance.

of the posts of the bowery. And he didn't want anyone else to see."She shook her head. "Pa's deterwas scowling! From his pocket he took something, mined to go to California. I'll have

When they had all driven home, felt for her finger, and slipped it on. to go, too. And I'll never see you

Jared lingered in the yard, took her It was a ring. Peering closer in the again."She was crying softly. "It's

arm and talked quietly for a time. moonlight, she saw that it was made like a story I heard once, about a boy

On Christmas Eve, when the Salt from an iron nail, carefully bent and (Continued on page 400)

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GRANITES FIFTY YEARS OF CRAFTSMANSHIP AND MODERN FACILITIES PROVIDE CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

Since more than fifty years ago, when an oldtime steam engine provided power through endless belts and pulleys,

Granite Mill & Fixture Company has served the Intermountain area with the finest woodworking craftsmanship. Granite

was founded in 1909 by F. R. Sandberg and associates and

OAKLAND TEMPLE today ranks among the largest special millwork plants in the

Architectural Woodwork and Furniture by Granite Mill West.

Our employees represent over 400 years'experience with Granite Mill. Our modern equipment, large inventory and skilled craftsmen combine to provide the finest and most complete general millwork package available in the Intermountain West.

Granite Mill & Fixture has served the building industry with quality millwork throughout this onehalf century. Adequate stocks of

lumber, stock and custom mouldings, panels, doors and hardware are available. Cabinets, doors, frames, sash, drawers, mouldings,

partitions, woodturning, hard plastics, school furniture and church furnishings are fabricated. Our factory contains 30,000 sq. ft.

of working area. Inventory exceeds 400,000 bd. ft. of hard and soft woods. With our modern spray room, we offer prefinished

millwork if desired. Our new 55inch, 2-drum sander guarantees the finest quality of flat board sanding. Delivery anywhere in the

West assures complete customerGRANITEsatisfaction. MILL & FIXTURE COMPANY

1145 Wilmington Ave. Phone HU 6-7194

Salt Lake City 6, Utah

y:'-yy->- *;*?:.$

SLIM, NEW BELL & HOWELL 8mm MOVIE CAMERA You'll be sitting on top of the totem pole with this smart, slim new Bell & Howell.

It's compact, lightweight... sure to

turn in a top performance every time.

Perfect for vacation time, birthday time or any family time! Has all the features

—Zoom Lens, Electric Eye, Reflex Viewing, and Electric Film Drive which eliminates hand winding. And it's so compact

it slips into your pocket or purse. Get

yours Now!... and save $40.00, too!

Reg. $149.95

NOW ONLY 109Carrying Case $6.9595

NOTHING DOWN--$1.50 wk

Salt Lake: 273 S. Main Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.

155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr. Provo: 161 West Center 5t. Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

May 1964 399 ( Continued from page 398 and girl named Romeo and Juliet.

They couldn't get married, 'cause their folks hated each other."

"How did it end?"

"They died."

He took her hand as if to belie the possibility, and said, "Whatever happens, wherever you go, someday I'll find you. Remember that."

"I'll remember."

"Someday these rings will bring us together again; and we'll be married for time and eternity."

With the first thaw, Luke Harris packed his family and belongings and headed for California. Six

months later, a traveler heading East brought Jared a letter from Melissa, saying her father had become discouraged in the gold fields and had moved to San Francisco. There he

was buying and selling parcels of land.

Jared's heart beat with excitement.

He answered immediately but didn't received a reply before he was called on a mission to the Society

Islands. He had two days in San

DIET DISQUIET

BY DONNA EVLETH BYU CAMPUS CONTINUED LEARNING My meals are low in calorie count,

With vitamins in the right amount, that, I can boast best of all,EDUCATION KEY TO PROGRESS AndThere's cholesterol. almost no

But in these meals of healthful bliss WEEK There is one thing I sort of miss.

Although Vm eating what I should,

It doesn't really taste too good.- -

8-11< JUNE )V Francisco before his ship sailed and tried vainly in the brawling, muddy

FOUR DAYS OF STIMULATING, streets to find the Harris family. He

EXCITING, EDUCATIONAL was gone for three years. At the

EXPERIENCES ON THE end of that time he sailed into the

BYU CAMPUS. harbor again, lean, tanned, fully

a man.

LECTURES, EXHIBITS, San Francisco had changed. PerDEVOTIONALS, EVENING manent buildings had replaced the

ENTERTAINMENT - ADDED tents and hovels he had last seen.

FIELDS LEARNING IN MANY streets quiet The reasonwere and * H bHhI H '- clean. ably 1854. It was began He for Information) (Mail This Coupon 1

a search of the city, inquiring for the

FOR EDUCATION HOUSING WEEK INFORMATION, WRITE residence of Luke Harris. It soon

BYU 272 SERVICE CENTER TO HOUSING STUDENT

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH became apparent that Mr. Harris

IS FEE REGISTRATION ENCLOSED PLEASE SEND INFORMATION OF $4.00 was wellknown. He had become

US. PER PLEASE REGISTER PERSON.

ADULT wealthy not from panning gold, but

YOUTH from speculating in real estate and

NAME ADDRESS D ADULT had built a home on one of San

YOUTH Francisco's highest hills.

NAME ADDRESS ADULT YOUTH NAME ADDRESS

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1001 things every fisherman should know. When, where and how SPECIAL NEWFEATUREto catch all kinds of fish in fresh or salt water. 67 illustrations! experts share the I\ These Field & Stream

tricks they resort to when all else fails! j

Here's a 44page, fully illustrated fishyou 40 of their own fishing secrets—A.J.McClane, Ted Trueblood, Mel Ellis, i

J'ing booklet prepared by the Editors of the ones they themselves fall back on H.G.Tapply,en Heilner, ClareKip ConFarrington,ley, FrankVanDufresneCamp-

''—i i———-—i——i n -i n———JField & Stream! when all else fails! "i—

In it, the world's greatest fishing exThis free Phillips 66 Fishing Guide perts point out the likeliest spots in contains valuable coupons that can streams, rivers, lakes, saltwater bays save you money on fishing equipment.

and in the surf. They tell you where the It's available at Phillips 66 dealers or

big ones should be feeding in each part Pier 66 Marinas. So drop in and get

of the season... at each time of day your free copy. And remember: for

... and during each kind of weather. firstclass products and firstclass servIn addition, these top experts give ice, go Phillips 66! (It costs no more.)

The Harris mansion was of red when he fell in love with a girl his train.

brick, three stories high, standing passing through Salt Lake City. He As the miles passed under him,

raw and tall among others of its made a ring for her, too, and they he found himself thinking, "Is there kind, the homes of the newly rich pledged their undying love."Betsy really a girl somewhere I could

of San Francisco. His heart beating was warming up to her subject. "But love?"The memory of Mary Bitton

high, Jared tugged at'the door pull. before he could find her, she died. still hurt.

An Irish maid answered the door. And Uncle Jared never married."In San Francisco, he found an

"Miss Harris? Miss Melissa Har- "So?"apartment that was walking distance

ris?"The maid looked astonished. "There's a story in the family that from a bus that took him to Berkeley

"I'm sorry, sir, but she's dead."someday those rings will come toevery day. He was soon up to his

gether again. That's why it was ears in study. Nuclear research was

Kenneth Ives, 26 years old in the kept and handed down. Now, look, what he intended to pursue—the

spring of 1964, stood waiting for the you're going to San Francisco. I'd pure, white light of science. He

train. His mother kissed him—for found a young man to share the

the fourth time. "Now, Kenny, dear, apartment.

take care of yourself!"WESTERN SPRINGTIME Terrance Polver suited Kenneth

"I will, Mother,"he said patiently BY ANNA M. PRIESTLEY exactly. He was shy, owlish, earnest,

—for the fourth time, and grinned did not go out on dates but spent

to himself. Mothers! She had said A summer drouth had laid its fevered his days and nights studying. He

the same thing when he went away hand cleaned the apartment, and Kenneth to college, and when he went on his On every bud and blossom, stem did the cooking. They got along fine.

mission, and when he went into the and leaf; One Saturday afternoon, as they

Army, and now—. The threat of fire hung over all the shopped for their week's groceries,

"Mother,"his sister Betsy said, land, they were watched with amusement "Kenneth isn't exactly a child. After And autumn promised only added by an attractive young woman in

all, he is going to do graduate work grief. the uniform of an airline stewardess.

at the University of California."Then winter came to veil the suns "Tonight,"she heard the tall, dark

"I know,"his mother sighed, "but hot face one say grandly, "we are going to somehow, Kenny, I never seem to get And set life stirring in the pregcelebrate—the end of term tests!

used to your going away."nant earth. I'm going to cook something special,

"What you need, Kenneth,"his Long dormant seeds awoke by winPolver, old man! Chicken Tetrazzini."

father boomed, "is to settle down ter's grace The short one looked doubtful.

it married."get ever you before?"and made spring's at bidding shortly "Have And

of this tired getting a little to "No, what's but learn? was You He birth. to came

his since advice. suffered Ever haven't so far,oftrepeated have you?"

Bitton, for love off in who Mary Kenneth went whistlingunhappy hills lately that These were so brown And his misto of through wait search refused cream, mushrooms,had and sere and service, the in Kenneth cheese.sion Parmesan and time the gracious benison Have known Polver helplessly at women. eschewed pokinghad was

rain, of arm. the took chickens Betsy him by apMoultrie Janet when Now blackened earth, the proof that for a And here train won't be "Here,"proached. said kindly, she"The

little while. Come into the station fire teas here, "I'll help you pick out a tender one."

with me."That swept down from the mounHe looked embarrassed, but accepted

to plain, tain the "I haven't puzzled. followed, the help. returned, Kenneth He When

field a where "to Is now she continued, chance,"a the smiledhad golden poppies Janet and wished them talk to you alone. I want to give nod, best of luck with the chicken

you something. Now please don't Inscribing tender messages from Tetrazzini.

laugh, but I've had the strongest God. A week later she met them again.

feeling I ought to do this.""How was the chicken Tetrazzini?"

Betsy was always getting strong "Awful,"Kenneth admitted. "I

feelings. It was a family joke. But like awfully if you'd try to find that should have stuck to stew."

occasionally her hunches paid off, so other ring.""Where did you learn to cook,"

Kenneth forced himself not to smile. "My dear girl, I am not going to she asked.

"I want you to take this with you,"have time for that kind of foolishHe smiled. He had a nice smile.

she said, and put a little package in ness, even if the other—'ring'—"I used to be a Mormon missionary."

his hand. still exists."Janet didn't see them again for

He unwrapped it. "Oh, for good- "Oh, Kenneth, don't you have any several weeks, but a thought kept

ness'sakes, Bets! A good luck romance in your soul? Anyway, nagging at her mind. "Mormons."

charm?"please take the ring, and if you ever There was something in her family

"No. It's the ring Mother gave get a chance, try, huh?"history about the Mormons. She

me, the one that was passed down Beluctantly he put it in his pocket. went to call on her grandfather in

in the family to her. Surely you "Women! Sentimental foolishness!"his house atop Nob Hill. Grandknow the story?"But he grinned as he pecked her on father was very old. He must be

"Vaguely."the cheek, sprinted out of the station, ninety, at least. His house, with its

"Well, this ring was made by kissed his mother, shook hands with stained glass window, its tower and

GreatGreat- Uncle Jared Strong, his father; and climbed aboard cupola, was among the oldest in

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For your meeting house, home, farm, or business...

Automatic DusktO-Dawn Lighting Service

There is nothing to buy with a Private Outdoor Light. You rent,

for a modest monthly fee, this service solving your "dark"problems.

Some of the many uses and benefits:

Safer parking areas Prevents accidents

Guards against theft Adds nighttime beauty

Extends working hours Attracts customers

For more information on Private Outdoor Light, phone or write your nearest Utah Power & Light Co. office. There is no obligation.

If it's electric, it's better UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Unusual Toppingsculpturedthegranitemagnificentface of

Temple the new Oakland Temple Towers octagonalare five imposingpyramid towers by Otto Buehner & Company. Each tower,

an intricate pattern of diamondshaped grillework, is made of exposed granite aggregates set in a concrete matrix.

The textured panels are then covered with gold leaf and edged in colorful blue glass tile.

Otto Buehner & Company is proud to be a part of another beautiful Temple.

OTTO BUEHNER AND COMPANY

msai *% Buehner "'.-** Concrete 640 WILMINGTON AVE.

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Summer San Francisco, and one of the few feeling curiously excited.

to survive the earthquake and fire The next week, on the familiar

Youth of She1906.climbed the steep and breathflightFrancisco,fromJanetChicagopaid backparticularto Sanatless flight of steps up to Grandtention to the terrain over which she

copilot father's the out over was passing. superb nudged The view Programs grinning. "Haven't seen only days bay. These you on her, he lived

the first floor. He answered the this mess of landscape often enough?"

himself. smiled, conshrugged, door She and at BYU to the she "Grandfather,"saw she began, when tinued watch. When

she was seated in the old and lovely Wasatch Range rising ahead, and

June 15—26 parlor, surrounded by the beautiful very soon after, the Salt Lake Valley

things he had brought from all over—the orderly pattern of the city, the

BYU Youth Clinic the world, "what is the story in our temple spires pointing to heaven, family that concerns the Mormons?"and the peculiar shape of the lake

Opportunity for boys ages 12 to 17 to The old man cleared his throat. from the air, she felt a strange tug

mingle in two weeks of fun, personal "Well, my dear, when my mother at her heart, as though forces were development, sports, religious enrichment was twelveyears-old, she and her courses. $85 family passed through Salt Lake

City, on their way to California. A SCENTED TIME

They stayed through the winter BY LOUISE DARCYJuly 27—Aug. 8 there, and her older sister Melissa

clothesline stretched between two treesSummer Music Clinic fellMormonin lovefaith.with a Theyyoung partedman of andthe A apple

Two weeks of summer music vacation, never saw each other again. Melissa When blossoms pink and white are

with balance of study and recreation. Indied before she was twenty. She had in full bloom

tensive training in all phases of music always been delicate but my mother Makes hanging out the wash a for junior and senior high school students. believed that she died of a broken scented time,

$60.50 heart. Before she passed away, she As daily spring weaves patterns on

confided her feelings to her sister her loom.

Polly—my mother—and placed in her

Aug. 1014 keeping a remembrance that the With expectation I bring out the

young man had given her—a ring clothes,

Publications Workshop made from an iron nail—certainly Knowing that petaled beauty waits

value. of But nothing monetary me. for school to publish newsLearning how insistent she that so Melissa was is this springlovely fragrant, How sowith yearbooks combined and paper it, it, that preserve and keep my time hour school for activities. cial Special value promise a solemn her mother made apple each adorns burgeoning When editing, advertising, Writing, editors.

so."she that do would tree! photography. $40

is ring Janet the now?""Where

asked eagerly.

All prices include board and Her grandfather waved his hand room and tuition. For further vaguely. He was old and much working upon her that she didn't

talking exhausted him. "Somewhere yet understand.

information write to Special among my things."Doing her usual shopping on SatCourses and Conferences, BrigBut Janet persisted. "What does urday, she saw Kenneth again pushham Young University, Provo, it look like, Grandfather, the ring?"ing his cart around the store. "What!"

Utah. He closed his eyes and leaned she said. "Do you mean you've

back in his chair. "Very crude, as I descended to macaroni and wieners?"

remember: bent by hand, the edges "Finances,"he explained. "It's all

roughly filed off, with a heart design we can afford this week."

scratched on it. Mother had many "Look,"Janet said, with a sudden

beautiful jewels. Grandfather was friendly impulse. "Why don't you

GRADUATION OR a wealthy man, and she married and your friend come up and have well. But with all the beautiful dinner with us tonight, my roomWEDDING GIFT? things she had, Mother kept that old mate and me? It won't be chicken

ring."He opened his eyes and Tetrazzini, but I make a dazzling

Nothing finer than a twelvetime- smiled. "If the story intrigues you, meat ball."

a-year gift. Give my dear, you are welcome to the Kenneth accepted. Polver suffered

trinket. I'll get it out for you, someagonies of embarrassment upon besat to the introduced roommate, "sometime when ing he sighed, The Improvement time—,"

like a condemned to the meal down stronger."I am feeling

The ring, of course, meant nothing man, but ended by enjoying himself.

to Grandfather. He had collected Kenneth found the evening enjoypriceless things from all over the able, too, more enjoyable than he

Only $3.00 world. But Janet left the house wanted to admit. He found himWe send a beautiful gift card free

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COMING TO SALT LAKE?

MAKE self thinking about Janet during SE RAIMCHO MOTOR the week. "This will never do,"he told himHOTEL self in the mirror. 'Tom are dediYOUR HEADQUARTERS

cated to science. Firm up, boy!"THIS CONFERENCE TIME!

But it seemed like the only genEVERY ROOM FEATURES... So close to everything... downtown,

tlemanly thing to do to return her * Private phone, recorded hifi music industry, business, travel depots, enhospitals. clean and Make radio antenna tertainment, and TV with power Newinvitation. a * her out to So he asked

your Se Rancho and wholesome home hour switchboard and message * 24 in stood Afterwards,movie. they

... this time from and home away service

the hall for half an hour, talking. * Ample offstreet parking every time you're in Salt Lake...

Kenneth told her about his family, * JUST 4V2 BLOCKS FROM TEMPLE and best of all... superb services

his mission, and his religion. Janet SQUARE... at low, low rates.

consented to go to church with him SALT LAKE SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTEL No.640TempleWestthe following Sunday.

Kenneth was studying on a Saturday afternoon when a telephone call came that upset him greatly. It was

from his mother. His father had THE

fallen and broken his leg—severely.

Kenneth must come home at once.

Well, that was that, the end of his pursuit of science. He would have

to run the farm until his father wasup and about again. NEW

When he called for Janet the nextmorning for church, she met him at WALL PAINT suit soft pink athe wearing door Special for.. from hat. looked She flowered a littleand

so different, not wearing her usual dark blue uniform, so soft somehow, Bennett's!that his heart turned over. He Reception Invitations, Napkins,

sternly put it back in its place, tellAlbums, etc., featuring L.D.S.

ing himself that he must do the temple designs. (Conventional

practical thing. styles 100 for $5.95.) Write

He waited until he had brought for FREE catalog and samples.

her home to tell her that he was REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 83440 leaving. He stood before her door, (Catalog sent airmail for 25c)

absently jingling the coins in his pocket, as he told her goodbye. As

he extended his hand to take hers in a farewell, she gavea warm Cofaueta* colors in paint cried, sheof "Where,"amazement. start r $50 TO jp >

"did you get that ring?"$500 CASH! He looked down, equally surprised FOR YOUR -CHURCH oy

that he had absently slipped it on SCHOOL CLUB his finger. "Why, it's an old keepRUBBER LATEXsake my sister gave me. It's been $50.00SENDCASHNOeveryMONEY!time 10 members of yourhanded down in the family for group each sell 10 cans of KitchenFresh Chocgenerations. There is supposed to olettes100% PROFIT!or CoconettesThe onelb.at SI.00sizepercanisterscan. cost WALL PAINT

00! for SI. only 50c group like it somewhere."another onebe each—sell

lc! Order EVEN INVESTMENT! NOT yourNO 100 At last... a latex wall paint that against the her put head Janet to send days to 30 cans today. to 500 Take up

door frame, and the sounds that andpayment.completeGive address,your name,the title,name,phoneaddress,numberetc. really cleans clean! Finger prints,

shoulders shaking past her of officer, quantity group, each of of 2ndcame name soil and can be smudges washed parcel Office Freight (no desired, and nearest that think, with distress, himmade sent post). Extras FREE quickly cost away and easily. can You of Rockies. crying. GROUPS TOshipping OFFER toOPENcover had east on earthshe was What

TODAY! ONLY! WRITE she said? up, looked andhe Then walls wash your new, over and over IE-7 Dept. COLLIER, VERNEtears of laughter pouring were down 3, 19th St., Birmingham 900 N. W Ala. A again. its rich, flat finish will And "It's absolutely marcheeks.her

velous! I never thought anything not polish or burnish... your walls

like this could happen."EVERYShouldWARDhave boundLIBRARYcopiesOR ofHOMEthe stay beautiful!

astounded, turned, hurt and He ERA left. quicklyand What did she Only $2.50 for a heavyduty high quality

mean, it was "marvelous"? Was she binder. Indexes free with binders.

glad he was going? Order from

Janet, slightly wild with surprise The Improvement Bennett'sand joy, ran to the telephone.

65 West 1st South Salt Lake City

135 South State Street Branches and dealers throughout the intermountain area

Salt Lake City 11, Utah

MAY 1964 405 "Grandfather? I have to talk to you. Sportsmanship and Fair Flay at the coliseum that day gave Leight-

I'd like to have that ring. Right now, ner the greatest ovation ever witit.please! see, I have to have You history. left in Olympic He ( Continued from page 365 nessed

it! to It can'tI've found the mate the stadium best in the second 5,000

wait. Grandfather, he's leaving meters, but a neverto-beforgotten

town. Please may I come out and on the victory peristyle, and Hill champion of honor and sportsmanget it now?"came forward and took the second ship. He made a decision that the

She hung up the phone and place below the victor and received judges could not make. His inquickly dialed for a cab. his silver medal. Before the third tegrity meant more than being

The next day Kenneth was packplace winner was announced, Leightchampion of all the world.

ing when the phone rang. "Kenneth? ner stepped down beside Hill and Young people, remember that no

This is Janet."His heart gave a removed the gold medal from around victories in your life will be worth

lurch. He had thought it was all his neck and placed it on Hill. He the sacrificing of your honor. Sportsover. "I'd like to see you once more, then took the second place medal manship is a noble quality in man

before you go. It's—about a point of and placed it around his own neck, which denotes education, emotional

scripture."Her voice sounded peand literally lifted Hill to the top maturity, and selfmastery. Never

culiar, almost as though she were step of the victory stand. The crowd permit selfishness, greed, conceit,

stifling a laugh. "Could you meet

me in the park?"

"Well, I guess so,"he said.

Ten minutes later he saw her sitting primly on a park bench, her foldedgloved hands in her lap. [THE

is this said, "what he "Now,"SPOKEN A LOOK AT PLEASURE AND scripture you wanted clarified?"WORD i LEISURE

"Well,"she said, her eyes modestly on the ground, "I was reading where we are told not to lay up treasures upon earth. What would you think RICHARD L. EVANS

of a family that hoarded a treasure for more than a hundred years?"We talked last week of consistency and the letdowns of life, with an aware-

"Well,"he ran his finger around ness that we all need diversion and a change of pace, but should never his collar, at a loss for an answer. depart from standards of excellence or safety or consistency—or become

Had she brought him out here just careless in conduct. And now we would look a moment at pleasure and

to ask a silly question? leisure and their place and importance. While there is need for leisure and

"I have this treasure with me,"relaxation, it is not good to have too much leisure, too many idle and she continued. "I hoped you could unoccupied hours; for there is much too little time to do all there is to

give me an answer as to its value."do, to learn all there is to learn, to see all there is to see, and to serve all

She pulled off her glove and to who should be served. One thing seems certain: that life generally should

Kenneth's amazement held out her be used for good and purposeful purposes, and not merely for the pursuit hand. He looked at her finger, then of pleasure. "I know no occupation in life more barren of results than

into her eyes. Slowly their hands the permanent seeking of pleasure,"wrote A. Lawrence Lowell. "Pleasure

met, the rings touched. is a byproduct of doing something that is worth doing,"he continued.

"I'll come back,"he whispered. "Therefore, do not seek pleasure as such. Pleasure comes of seeking

"I'll wait,"she answered. "There something else.... The whole point of enjoying recreation is that it is

are two things that have come to not your permanent occupation. The man who is seeking pleasure as his

mean so much to me, the true main occupation in life never has any recreation because he never can

Church and you."turn to anything else."1 "... men should be anxiously engaged in a good

"I'll come back. I promise I'll cause"2 and not primarily playing—and in our need for relaxation we should

come back."not let down to the point of making the pursuit of pleasure of utmost importance. We should not work so hard at playing that playing becomes

the primary purpose. "If you seek this or that,"said Thomas a Kempis, BABY'S WORLD "if you wish to be in this place or that place, to have more ease and pleasure, BY ETHEL JACOBSON you will never rest or be free from care."3 Hannah More added this sentence

How high is happiness? to the subject: "A life devoted to trifles, not only takes away the inclinaLet it be said: tion, but the capacity for higher pursuits...."4 Pleasure is not the purpose

From her toes to the curl of life. Sincere happiness properly pursued may be. "... men are, that

On her baby head. they might have joy"5—but it should be a joy that comes from being

How wide is joy? "engaged in a good cause"—in purposeful pursuits—and pleasure should be

You'll miss it a mile a byproduct but not the major occupation of anyone.

Unless you can measure A baby's smile. *D&C1A. Lawrence52:27. Lowell, President of Harvard University, 19091933.

Christ. Kempis, Imitation of 3Thomas is love? deep How author. English (17451833), More 4Hannah">2 Nephi a2:25. tell? can words What

But one small baby "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Knows very well. Broadcasting System, March 15, 1964. Copyright 1964.

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and dishonesty to pull you down if you would be a good sport: tues, comes by working at it. If you

to where your poor sportsmanship 1. No matter what your pursuit in are a poor sport, keep your poor

is showing. life or the effort you put forth, there sportsmanship hidden, never let it

Each year the Church sponsors will be others rise above you, and come out in public, never let it dicmany contests in athletics, dance, they deserve your praises. This does tate or influence your actions, and

drama, music, etc. In each of these not mean that you will step down soon it will wither and die.

there must be but one winner and and give up. It is all right to be 8. Many have the will to win on

many losers. The Lord did not incontent with what you have, but the day of the contest, but few (the

tend that any one should go through never with what you are. champions ) have the will to prepare

life a constant winner. We learn 2. When you are under the influto win.

and grow by defeat as well as by ence of anger and emotional outburst, Theodore Roosevelt had this to say victory, and we must learn to accept growth is unlikely and spiritually about competition:

and benefit by both. In defeat is impossible. "It is not the critic who counts, not

comes the challenge to improve, to 3. If you would rise to great he who points out where the strong

grow and rise above our weaknesses. heights, remember you cannot climb man stumbled or where the doer of

The true battle in life is not to rise on the shoulders of your fellow men, deeds could have done them better.

above your fellow men, but to be a but you must be worthy to be The credit belongs to the man who is champion of yourself. Your hardest lifted by those about you to this actually in the arena, whose face is

opponent in life will be yourself and lofty position. marred by dust and sweat and blood,

your own weaknesses. Anyone who 4. There are two occasions in who tries and comes short again and

can conquer himself will learn to competition when you must learn to again, who knows the great enlove and respect others despite their keep your mouth closed: one is thusiasms, the great devotions and

imperfections. He will possess the when you lose, and the other is when spends himself in a worthy cause;

personal discipline and strength for you win. who, at best, if he fails at least fails

the many challenges life has to offer. 5. A champion is not always a while daring greatly so that his place

Life is measured by how well we consistent winner, he may have been shall never be with those cold and compete, not only in organized con- a onetime loser who would not quit. timid souls who know neither victory

tests, but in every phase of living. If you would leave footprints in the nor defeat."

If you would be a champion, work sands of time, it will be necessary to To be a modest and humble toward the noblest of all championwear your work shoes. champion, first of yourself and then

ships, your own quest for the celes- 6. Our true sportsmanship is usualin life's conquests is truly a mark of

tial kingdom. ly displayed following defeat. success and greatness and is a ChristSome basic principles to remember 7. Sportsmanship like other virlike accomplishment.

MAY 1964 407

MEICHIZEDEK

ESTHOOn Quorum Responsi- 1. To care for the temporal, intellectual,

bilities and spiritual welfare of all quorum members and their families.

To teach quorum members their duties and responsibilities as priesthood members.

3. To provide opportunities for church service.

4. To provide adequate fellowship and fraternalism

through socials, athletics, etc., for all quorum members.

To help members of the quorum develop a real feeling of brotherhood and concern for each other.

The obligation of quorum presidents for the welfare of the quorum members is stated as follows: For

Melchizedek Visits by While the Home Teachers represent the

Quorum quorum presidencies, the obligation of Quorum Presidencies presidencies to become acquainted with or Group the character, qualifications, and attitudes

Leaders of all quorum members remains unchanged. After ponferring with the HomePresidencies Teachers, presidencies may find occasion to visit the

homes of particular members; to give commendation

where deserved; to bless and encourage where needed; to

As we face teach the gospel and to inspire all to keep the commandthe months ahead ments and live righteous Jives. Such visits, of necessity,

with the Teachers be coordinated must work of the Home and weigh over responsibilities of effort. duplication in order to avoid confusion, and

as presidencies In assigning Home Teaching responsibilities to stake of quorums of high priests, presidencies, high councilors, bishoprics, and other officers with heavy administrative responsibilities, care of elders, and of seventies, should be taken not to assign them problem cases which it will be of will require so much of their time that they will not be help to remind able properly to take care of their other important duties.

They should, however, be available to give special attenourselves of what is tion to such cases where, in the opinion of the Home expected of us. Teacher and the bishop, it is necessary.

Quorum or group leaders should personally visit

The Melchizedek homes of new quorum members as they move into the

Priesthood Handbook ward before Home Teachers are assigned.

(new 1964 edition) As an ultimate result of the efforts of quorum presidencies and the Home Teachers, families should be instates that spired to conform to church standards including honesty, these responsibilities morality, fasting, payment of a full tithe and fast offering, keeping the Sabbath day holy, keeping the Word of Wisare as follows: dom, attending Sacrament meeting, supporting church

authorities, and living the gospel in its fulness. The

measure of the effectiveness of the Home Teaching will be the continued improvement of the individual members in living church standards.

All activities should stem from these expressed fundamentals..

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA research and development.

The danger lies in the application by extension of the principles of scientific change to the absolutes of moral laws. This concept promotes relativism, that

"good"is simply a matter of time or place. It seeks to

justify and accept everything. It leads to the belief

that there is no one right, but different kinds of right.

This postulate lacks a positive morality; it is without

a baseline from which to direct behavior. Without

standards, it is as if we can assume that there is no injustice and evil in the world.

The texture of the arguments, the clever manipulation of terms can lend an appearance of validity to the proposition that the essence of "good"is only relative. Consider the effect on the next generation

if the present one is unwary of this intellectual anarchy. Even students with inquiring minds, lacking in empirical backgrounds because of their youth,

may find this transfer of principles from the scientific to the moral application somewhat reasonable. Small

wonder that insecurity and confusion touch the lives of so many.

We believe that man has his free agency, that he is compelled by his own nature to evaluate himself in terms of right and wrong. He develops convictions

and has to equate his behavior with them. No rationalization of his thinking or his deeds will help

him feel acceptable to God if he is not justly so.

There is no substitute for the strength of believingcan the absolute in God's laws, in keeping them according to the gosIn considering the permanency of absolute laws, pel of Jesus Christ. The challenges of science are in

there must be a clearedged distinction between no way constrained by the disciplines of faith. The

absence of spiritual stability, on the other hand, can scientific and moral viewpoints.

There can be no argument that in a practical sense nothing is absolute in the physical world. As a result

of the scientific revolution, many ideas which had been generally accepted for centuries were replaced by later developments. The theory of relativity has become obsolete superseded the law of gravity; it has changed values

in the measurement of time. The atom's indivisibility

has been shattered. The center of the universe has, cause the erosion of moral fiber. Latterday Saints

in man's understanding, shifted from the earth to must be alert regarding attempts to transfer concepts.

the sun. Even the concept of light as a continuum has Our code of morals, our respect for justice and truth,

been supplanted with the quantum theory. We are are not arbitrary rules. They are the result of man's

on the threshold of new discoveries every day. The wisdom under God for thousands of years. They are

scientific absolute, then, is the constant target for cumulative of the spiritual heritage which has been generating since Adam.

As violation of the physical laws can bring disaster,

BY HERBERT F. MURRAY, JR. violation of moral laws can be equally disastrous. The

laws of eternal truth are not subject to the relativist's time or place relationship. The immutability of laws

of our Heavenly Father was expressed by Jesus? Christ in addressing Joseph Smith, ".., truth abideth

and hath no end...."(D&C 88:66.)

MAY 1964 409 Without a doubt the greatest peacevery educational, at least our family time disaster to hit the United States ( all of my brothers and sisters workwas the great depression of 1929ing together) was able to stay off 1932. Your parents or grandparents government relief and WPA.

may have told you about the breadThere is no substitute for learning lines, the dust bowl migrants, the to work so hard physically that shippingbox home district of the when you go to bed at night, you large cities, the layoffs in industry, know you have given your job everyand the drought on the farms. But thing you had.

perhaps the worst disaster of all was Young folk who are deprived of the "erosion"of human beings. Some farm labor today can achieve this

men went on relief and never worked feeling in football practice and in again or took leafraking jobs with competition of all types of sports, the WPA and never regained their in ROTC, through work at home, in selfrespect. the MIA, on meetinghouses and surOne major tragedy was that young rounding grounds. Regardless of the

people of that time never gained vocation or profession you pursue, the education to which they were the ability and willingness to work entitled. Teenagers such as I often hard is inevitably essential to success.

found the need for food and clothing Have I ever regretted my lack of much more urgent than the need for formal education? Of course I have.education. As a boy on the farm, I Education improves one's chances THE

learned to stack hay, milk cows, for success manyfold. There is noweed beets, slop pigs, and perform substitute for an education. But the PRESIDING

many other farm tasks. Upon movvalue of education, you will find, ising to the city it was not a challenge not in the facts you memorize but in BISHOPRIC'S

to burn trash and empty garbage the ability to think something pails at an apartment house each through fully and to plan ahead. PAGE

morning before school and to sell The high school graduate can newspapers on the streets during the think better and therefore has a evenings. Although this was not better chance for a higher economic

BY CLIFFORD O. GLEDHILL

Clifford O. Gledhill is a former president of the Great Lakes Mission. He

now owns and operates the Gledhill

Dodge Automobile Agency in Salt

Lake City and serves on the Church

Priesthood Missionary Committee.

Elder Gledhill filled a mission in

California and held ward and stake positions, including superintendent of stake Sunday Schools and YMMIA while still young. He has served in

bishoprics and high councils.

He was born in Vermillion, Utah, but moved with his family to California, where he graduated from high school and attended Los Angeles City College. He is married

and the father of three children.

Mrs. Gledhill is a member of the

Relief Society general board.

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA livelihood than the grade school machinists, mechanics, and others be accepted by his fellow men. To

graduate. The young person who who have skills needed in industry. be accepted one must accept others

goes through college has a still better Most of the important improvements and have faith in them. I believe

chance for economic success than the in industry are developed by people that a man who doesn't trust his one with a high school diploma. who are doing the work as opposed fellow man doesn't grow in our soBut—and it is a big, big but—not to those who hope to make improveciety. He will eventually become

everyone in our Church has an opments or discoveries by merely miserable, withdrawn, and crawl portunity for formal education ofsitting around and dreaming. into a shell.

fered to him on a silver platter, as You need not have university This leads me, finally, to spiritual-

I well know. training to use your mind to get into ity. Spirituality should be a part of

The loss of a parent, a family's step, into cadence, with the needs of everyday living that begins and ends economic problems—these and many the job or industry in which you each day with prayer and preserves

other situations can present attendfind yourself. the attitude developed thereby in

ance at college or can even prevent A third suggestion, if I were you: every relationship. Certainly we

finishing high school. Have faith in your fellow men—in grow spiritually when we do everyYou can, however, gain an educathe men you work with and work for. thing we can to help ourselves—read

tion in other ways—through night In the mission field I expected the the scriptures and good books of all

school, correspondence courses, by best from the 553 missionaries who kinds, work hard in our everyday attending educational meetings in came under my charge. They lived tasks, and contend vigorously with

the community, mixing and exchangup to that challenge because they the problems of the day. Only in

ing ideas with those who participate also wanted to measure up to the this way can we deserve an answer in civic and church affairs. trust placed in them by their friends, when we call upon the Lord. We

Everyone need not strive to be a families, and church leaders at home. shouldn't expect the Lord to do our

doctor, a lawyer, engineer, or pursue In the automotive business I've work for us, but we should never other professions that require extra been able to deal with people other hesitate to ask for his assistance.

years of education. There are many dealers have avoided. The reason is If I were you, I would learn the

fields of endeavor where financial simply this: I believe in people; I value of hard physical work; seek

rewards are high for those who are have faith in them, and very few diligently for education; trust in the

skilled with their hands. There are ever violate this trust. Basically basic desire of people to be honest

good opportunities at surprisingly everyone wants to do the fair thing and fair; make spirituality a part of

good pay for plumbers, carpenters, by his brother; everyone wants to your everyday life.

\\lw -J

mother

is...

- - jt is also a tradition. There alwaysA mother is laughter to wake up to. She

A mother is a new dress for the prom. havemothers.been Manyand therefamilyalwaystraditionswill arebe

carried on through her. Every childA mother is a warm blanket.

A mother is an early morning rustle in the kitchen. shouldmakes thebe ablebest topie,say,cake,"Myhash,motheror

whatever it may be, in the whole

A mother is supper on the patio. world."and mothersThis isarean noageexception.of specialists,Be

A mother is a footstep in the night. able to make something to perfec-

A mother is a gentle taunt. betion.carriedAnotheron iswayby makinga traditionthe pastcan

A mother is a closet full of freshly ironed shirts. come alive by handing down old

family recipes. There is a genealogy

of recipes. Trace that special pud-

A mother is a towel pickerupper. ding recipe of your mother's to its

A mother is an alarm clock. itsource.has traveledYou will overfind, mountainsin many cases,and

A mother is a house turned upsidedown in the spring. oceans from another country to you.

A mother is a voice whispering, uYou can do better. y Littlethe plainsold recipeclosely bookshuggedcameand acrosscarefully protected as precious posses-

A mother is iced lemonade on a hot day. weresions. burned,If all yourare thesemodernspecialcookbooksfamily

A mother is a light left on to welcome you home. recipes written indelibly on your

A mother is a shining sink. brain,back ofor somecan theydrawerbe infounda smudgedin the

A mother is the fragrance of baking bread. notebook with yellowed pages full

of your genealogy of eating?

Surely there is something your

A mother is our conscience stirred. family enjoys eating that gave the

A mother is a snack for the crowd after a dance samefore you.enjoymentTreasureto generationsthis dish, writebe-

A mother is an ample lap. it up in modern measurements and

course you can do it, try hard.A mother is the phrase, (< 0f J directions for your children. Teach them how to make it, and the chain

from long ago will be strengthened.

A mother is a crisp waffle. There should be pride in saying,

A mother is a cool hand on a hot brow. bake"Greatgrandmotherthis cake,"or "Myin Walesgreatgreat-used to

A mother is words on a printed page turned into a cake. grandfather, living away up in the

A mother is essential whenyou come in from school. northernmostto relish this verypart ofdish."Sweden,This usedcontinuity lends security to a child.

A mother is a pair of rosecolored glasses. Therebut besthasof beenall, therea past;willnowbe aisfuture.great;

A mother is a sympathetic ear. Enrich your family by connecting

A mother is an understanding heart. ofthe apastspecialwith familythe presentrecipe.in Mothers,the form

this is your job!A mother is someone who cares constantly and completely.

MAY 1964 413 bread is tender and so delicious that known for your delicious minted nuts.

it will disappear in minutes. It is

especially good served with large Minted Nuts bowls of steaming soup.

1 cup sugar V2 water cup mother Split Pea Soup 1 tablespoon light corn syrup 1 pound green split peas dash of salt is... 3 quarts boiling water 6 marshmallows

1 pound sausage Vz teaspoon essence of 'peppermint 1 cup diced celery 3 cups walnuts or pecans

Yorkshire Pudding 1 cup diced onion salt and pepper to taste soft ball to boil stage a very Mix and 5 tablespoons flour dash nutmeg in tested cold water. Remove when egg 1 the 6 marshheat and from add split boiling the overV2 water Pour salt teaspoon

stir until are they mallows and let for minutes. stand peas 15 and 1 milk cup Vz of essence melted. teaspoon Add in quarts 3 Drain cook peas and tablespoons 6 hot beef drippings

it Stir to until begins peppermint. to fresh salted boil water. Bring and

or 3 walnuts then cups add harden in the sausage has been which well, milk, drop the theBeat egg then add paper. spread on pecans waxed and balls 1-inch into then formed and flour. the a rotary with Beatsalt, and

cool. and Break up flour. in rolled slowly soup Cook until tablebeater 6 smooth. Add

spoons of hot beef drippings in a until the peas are all mashed up and 9-inch cake pan. Then place the pan the sausage in it wellcooked. Stir It is a wonderful memory to look

with the hot beef drippings in a occasionally to prevent burning on back on your childhood and remem375 degree F. oven. When the the bottom. Add the celery and ber a 6-quart ice cream freezer

drippings are sizzling hot, pour in onions at least half an hour befilled with a creamy fruit ice cream.

the Yorkshire pudding mixture. Bake fore serving.

about 45 minutes until the pudding Fruit Ice Cream ( Makes 6 quarts has a brown crispy outside and a soft Start a tradition in your family center. Serve immediately with roast now by making a certain candy 3V2 cups peaches (sweetened and

beef and gravy. better than anyone else. It would mashed), or crushed pineapbe fun if you heard your little boy ple, or mashed strawberries

Grandma's Cinnamon Bread brag, "My mother can even make 4 cups sugar marshmallows."V2 cup lemon juice

1 egg, beaten juice of 2 oranges

V4 cup melted butter or margarine "Little Angels"(Marshmallows so 2 cups whipping cream, whipped

V4 cup sugar light and fluffy) 1 tablespoon vanilla 1 teaspoon salt 3 cups sugar V2 teaspoon almond extract 1 package yeast 1 cup water V4 cup lukewarm water IV2 tablespoons gelatin Mix all together in a 6-quart freezer 1 cup milk, scalded and cooled to 1 cup cold water and add enough milk to come within lukewarm 2 teaspoons vanilla 2 inches of the top. Freeze and enjoy.

3 x/2 cups flour, approximately

Dissolve the sugar in the water and

Soften the yeast in the warm water. boil until it spins a thread when Mother's Walnut Cookies

Add all the other ingredients. Knead dropped from a spoon into cold

the dough well. Let it rise in a covwater. In the meantime soak the % cup butter or margarine

ered greased bowl until double in gelatin in the cup of cold water. V4 teaspoon salt

bulk. Punch down. Let it rest Pour the syrup over the gelatin. Cool 1 cup brown sugar

covered on the bread board for 10 slightly and beat until white, fluffy, 2 cups white sugar minutes. Roll out to a rectangle. and stiff. Add the vanilla. Pour into 4 eggs, well beaten

Brush with melted butter. Sprinkle an 8 by 8 by 1 inch buttered pan. 3V2 cups flour, unsifted

with V4 cup sugar and 1V2 teaspoons Cover with plastic wrap and let set IV2 teaspoons baking powder cinnamon. Roll as for jelly roll; seal for a number of hours in the re- % cup walnuts, chopped

ends and place in a 5 by 10 inch frigerator. Cut into 6 strips and reloaf pan. Let double in bulk. Bake move the strips from the pan and Combine the butter, salt, and sugar,

at 350 degrees F. for about 45 minroll in a mound of shredded coconut. and cream until light. Add the

utes. Remove from pan and while Cut into squares and roll again in the beaten eggs, mix. Sift the flour and

still warm brush with 1 teaspoon coconut. Store in a tightly covbaking powder and add. Fold in the

light corn syrup and sprinkle with ered container. nuts and drop from a teaspoon on a

an additional 2 tablespoons sugar buttered cookie sheet. Bake at 375

and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. This Or maybe you would like to be degrees F. until brown.

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN THE SKY 9 CROSSROADS OldFashioned Sour Cream Cookies UNIQUE SUMMER CAMP 2 eggs 5w For Boys and Girls 1% cups sugar 2 teaspoons soda is the unique place of a Summer

IV2 cups oldfashioned sour cream camp for boys and girls between 4Vz cups flour the age of ten and seventeen, 1 teaspoon salt where some of the most ancient 1 teaspoon baking powder history of our continent still 2 teaspoons vanilla comes to life in mesa, mountain and lake.

Beat the eggs and the sugar until light. Add the soda to the sour Nature itself providing the almost endless vistas for

alternately withcream and add the NIGHT CAMPING (with Chuck Wagon) ROUNDUPflour, salt, baking powder. and Add

the vanilla. Drop on greased cookie CATTLE DRIVE HUNTING FISHING

sheets and flatten with a small glass SPORTS and TRAILS..

at in sugar.dipped Bake those trails will the youngsters 425 deOn meet Navajo, Zuni, Acoma, just lightly untilgrees F. browned.

tribes or Laguma and Apache on their homegrounds own and will they participate in the Indian Festival Ceremonial in Galtasty for a is one The next recipe is celebrated lup, which with all the splendor of ancient and in theoldfashioned corn relish made timeless adventure.modern easy way.

Modern hogans will provide the most romantic housing facilities of

Corn Relish the camp and the ranch provides plenty of such food which can only be envied by townfolks.

3 tablespoons sugar TIME will seem to stand still and to fly at the same time for all the youngsters

Vs cup vinegar who come to the "CROSSROADS IN THE SKY,"but it will remain unforgettable

Vz teaspoon salt as a unique experience in VACATIONCAMP.

V4 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper dash sauce Tabasco CROSSROADS IN THE SKY celeryV2 teaspoon seed BOX 38 BLUEWATER, NEW MEXICO

V4 teaspoon mustard seed 1-12 ounce can whole kernel corn

Vz finely chopped green pepper FAMILY CRESTS - COAT OF ARMS 2 tablespoons finely chopped green MASTER onion SHORTHAND Combine the first 7 ingredients and PRINCIPLES bring to the boil. Boil for 3 minutes.

Remove from the heat and combine Master shorthand principles in just with the remaining ingredients. Chill a few days with this teaching

machine course. SHIELDS in store coveredand

PITCHERS the refrigerator. WALL WATER

standing.Flavor on improves PARCHMENTS

DOUBLE WALL SHIELDS SILICATE PLATES CHINADanish Dumplings arincluding on file, We have 100,000 names 1 cup milk executemorials fororderspracticallyfor English,all IrishWelshnames.and WeScottishalso

4 tablespoons flour names and for other nationalities.

2 eggs IMPERIAL SALES 1 tablespoon shortening 964 Laird Ave.Salt Lake City, Utah EM 3-4184

1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon sugar dash nutmeg IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

Add the shortening to the milk and Aids in treatment of Canker, simple bring to a boil. Mix the remaining sore throat and other minor mouth Easy to use.

of exception theingredients with the and throat irritations. Makes learning fun. milk. boiling to theeggs and add

Stir constantly. When mixture is Acclaimed by educators.thick, cook, adding the eggs one at HALLS REMEDY 14day moneyback offer.

a time, beating well after addition Salt Lake City, Utah

Exciting, selfteaching to easy, new, way teaspoons Cool.of egg. each Drop by

notes. provides The course Alphahand

boiling)into (not and soup the with of most modern let cook KNITTERS takeyou method covered about 5 minutes.

THE ForCOTTAGEYour ConvenienceYARN SHOP learning ABC shorthand.

2323 East 2880 South, SALT LAKE CITY FOR COMPLETE INFORMATION

Start Today It Knit To Give ToKnitOr GiveFor ChristmasIt To Knit—WRITE -

No charge for knitting lessons 10 p.m. a.m.—6 hours—Shop SUPPLY CO. EVCO

Saturday Thru Monday St. Salt Lake City, Utah Lillian Q. Clark 278 C IN 7-1207

MAY 1964 415 VJJ&Q Music Co 327 BROADWAY - IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO 'THE FRIENDS OF THE

ONE OF..."LARGEST YOUNG THE WESTS

MUSIC AND MUSICAL MERCHANDISE DISTRIBUTOR RICHARD L. EVANS

FOR ALL YOUR MUSICAL PROGRAM NEEDS

STANDARD VOCAL SOLOS—Secular and One of the most effective ways of conditioning the character and conSacred Vocal Methods and Collections duct of children, of youth, as well as of others, is to be what we would have

PIANO METHODS - SOLOS AND FOLIOS them be—to be convincing in the counsel we give by living or keeping our

ORGAN METHODSSOLOS AND STUDIES own counsel, by the example of our lives. Parents are initially most imINSTRUMENTAL METHODS - SOLOS - portantTheir powerin theof livesexampleof children,is great, foras alsotheirsareistheirthe attitudes,first relationshipand the ofsubtlelife. COLLECTIONS

and undefined influences. In speaking of this in a negative sense, an anBAND METHODS & BOOKS cient prophet said: "Ye have lost the confidence of your children, because

ORCHESTRA METHODS & BOOKS of your bad examples before them."1 "The mind, like the body,"said

CHORAL ARRANGEMENTS - SA - SSA - William Ellery Channing, "depends on the climate it lives in, on the air it 2 SAB earnest asks another the—SATB—TTBB—Sheets or breathes."about home atmosphere?""How

Folios air is the the childplant breathes.. observer. "This. home, and friends,

- MUSICAL PLAYS and OPERA CANTATAS plants groware school: these the soil in which and human These make SCORES

. [respect] ing. of a child on cannot out.. Reverence demand be forced

DICTIONARIES it - THEORY AND HARor saying [any parent] to be; any mother but ought can command by MONY BOOKS [or respect]. child reverence the.. "3 "Theit a kind of person can being by

SEASONAL "is Einstein, educating,"rational Albert observed MUSIC - EASTER - CHRISTonly to be an way of MAS, Etc.

it or evil,"education example."be for good Jebb, "the 4 "Whether said John

ALL SUGGESTED L.D.S. MUSIC AVAILABLE of the child is principally derived from its own observation of the actions,

ORDERS SHIPPED THE SAME DAY AS words, voice, and looks of those with whom it lives.—The friends of the

RECEIVED, ANY PLACE IN THE WORLD young, then, cannot be too circumspect in their presence to avoid every and the least appearance of evil."5 This phrase, "the friends of the young,"

must, of course, include parents, teachers, and others—all who deeply and

sincerely would help youth make the most of their lives. This friendly STEEL PIPE or unfriendly aspect applies also to all private and public influences, to

is permitted 2"to 40"whatever appears in print, to whatever by any means or media to make its impressions upon young people. We all have responsibility for

Good for siphons, the images and influences that condition the character and conduct of wells, pump lines. others. Those who are truly the friends of the young will use their most

earnest efforts to see that the lives of youth are not infused with adverse

PARKER THOMAS CO. orinfluencesloose living,that ortendto encourageto break downadversemannersappetites,and morals,or add excitementto glorify violence,without

1592 South 13th East regard to character or consequences. "The friends of the young... cannot

Salt Lake City, Utah be too circumspect."

Call IN 7-9565 ijacob 2:3.

2William Ellery Channing (17801842), American Unitarian clergyman.

FOREMAN and CLARK 43BarnettaAlbert Einstein.Brown, "Mothers'Mistakes and Fathers'Failures,"The Ladies Home Journal, January 1900.

The latest in men's—women's—boys'fashions 5Tohn Jebb (17751833), Irish Protestant bishop.

Quality at a price you can afford

Charge Accounts Satisfaction Guaranteed "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

MISSIONARY DISCOUNTS Broadcasting System, March 1, 1964. Copyright 1964.

4835 South Highland Drive Cottonwood Mall—Salt Lake City LAMENT OF A MISSIONARY'S MOTHER

YOU CAN RENT IT! BY EDITH DEWEY

HOWE RENTS ComeThis is on,a hint,fella,asforit'sdon'twell youmeantsee to be.

SALES AND RENTALS That mothers can worry, so why not drop a line?

It really doesn't take too much time.I Salt Lake City

2375 South State 4860055 The Lord needs your help,

JOHN WARREN'S STRICTEMPO ORCHESTRA But your Mom needs to know of Glasgow, Scotland That her fella is okay, and doing fust so.

LP's singles and on 45 rpm quicksteps, tangos,Foxtrots, waltzes, sambas, Put it on paper, and just take the time rumbas, paso dobles, cha cha's and swings. To say "Hi, Mom—doing just fine!"

Send for Free Catalog DANCE RECORDS 224 D Springvale Ave. McLean, Va.

The Church in Early "a supply of books coming 'round Through the years, San Francisco the 'Horn'from Liverpool."would remain, as it had been, the

California Elder George Q. Cannon, then report where missionaries leaving for

siding on church assignment in San and returning from the Pacific Is- ( Continued from page 373 Francisco, published the Book of lands missions would depart and

Mormon in the Hawaiian language arrive. Little actual missionary work

such as onions, forty dollars a hunthere in 1855. He began the Westwas done in California, however,

dred; potatoes, one hundred fifty ern Standard, a paper in the interest during these early years.

dollars a ton. of the Church, the first number being Then on December 6, 1890, Elder

A historical marker placed in 1949 published February 23, 1856. J. W. Pickett, who was temporarily

proclaims that the New Hope settleThe conference at San Francisco residing in Oakland, baptized Alment was the first agricultural held April 6, 1856 indicates that fred A. Nethercott and his wife

colony in the San Joaquin Valley. there was a total of twentyeight Charlotte, and Charles J. Nethercott

Here was planted what is thought to members of the Church in that city, and his wife Rebecca. This event

be the first wheat in California. They including one high priest, five sevenmay be considered as the reopening

also irrigated by pole and bucket ties, one teacher, and one deacon. of missionary labors by The Church

method. They erected three log Since the last conference seven had of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

houses, and operated sawmill and immigrated to Utah, and one memin California.

ferry across Stanislaus settlement ber had passed away. "The Oakland Branch of The

later known as Stanislaus City.

Brother Horner erected a church and schoolhouse building in 1850 in

Centerville, which has been called the first Mormon chapel erected in

California. THE In the panic of 185556 CONSISTENCYAND KEEPING SPOKEN overextended, found himselfhe and WORD 'in the years that followed he rebuilt STANDARDS

his fortune in northern California and in Hawaii. In later years he

contributed articles to The Improvement Era. He died May 14, 1907. RICHARD L. EVANS

The treaty at Guadalupe Hidalgo

February 2, 1848 had concluded the May we consider a moment the question of consistency—consistency as to

Mexican War and given to the keeping standards as contrasted with the letdowns of life. Sometimes after

United States New Mexico (the long effort, long work, we may look to a change of pace, and ask ourselves region socalled by the Mexicans) when can we relax? When can we let down in life? There must be

all the time, nor be on tension all theand Upper California and fixed the some diversions. We cannot drive

TexasMexico line at the Rio Grande. time. On the other hand, we can never afford to become careless. We can

The territory ceded by Mexico comill afford to sacrifice quality. We can never afford to sacrifice safety.

prised the present states of CaliWe cannot afford, ever, to let down in the basic standards of life. The

fornia, Nevada, and Utah, most of moment we begin to cut corners, the moment we begin to let things run the present New Mexico and Ari- a little too loose, we could have real reason for regret. Sometimes people

zona, and part of Colorado and perform the same service so long that it becomes routine to them—so much

Wyoming. An "omnibus bill"of so that they fail to give due attention to it, fail to check, fail to take precau1850 had further linked the area totions, or to provide a sufficient margin of safety. On this point Publius

danger, of warning: left these Syrus free from words "He is most who stateCalifornia grantinggether by

fails safe, to proceed anyone is on his guard."1 The moment even when territorial status to giving andhood

Utah and New Mexico. according to proved and sound standards, or to take sufficient precautions

Latterday Saints called from Salt he could have dangerous difficulties. We all need relaxation and physical

Lake City settled San Bernardino in and mental refreshment. But there is no time in any person's life, at any

1851, purchasing a great ranch age, young or old, when he can afford to let down as to standards of excelto as commandments. morals or honesty and and conduct lence or honorthere. stake organized was July A

strength."there consistency moral age or boredom or is no 2 And "Without as presiSeely with6, 1851 David

dent. This colony flourished until routine or fatigue are no real reason for letting down standards. It is too

1858 when church members were great a responsibility to become careless in conduct or to cut corners or recalled to Utah as problems with ignore conscience, or to become lax in any procedure where safety or the federal government developed. standards of honor or excellence are concerned.5 "The secret of success,"

In 1854 Elder Parley P. Pratt, said Disraeli, "is constancy of purpose."Always we ought to be our better

then in charge of the Church in Caliselves. And all of us, at any age, would well avoid carelessness, substandard

fornia, reported that missionaries performance, or the unwise, hazardous letdowns of life. Enduring to the

were laboring in San Francisco, end is still the great and satisfying-;. source of safety—and salvation.

Union City, Santa Clara, Santa

Cruz, and Sacramento, and in various 'PubliusJohn JasonSyrusOwen(1st (180369),Century BC),AmericanRoman slaveclergy.and poet.

mining areas. The work seemed benjamin Disraeli (180481), English statesman and author.

slow but there was a bright part of "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia the picture. "I have,"he concluded, Broadcasting System, March 8, 1964. Copyright 1964.

MAY 1964 417 Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Twelve, addressing some of the audiSaints was organized by Elder John ences. Following these concerts the

L. Dalton with Joseph Nattress as missionaries in California had greater

president,"Sunday, October 2, 1892. success in their labors.

(Elder Dalton was president of the After the San Francisco earthnewly activated California Mission.) quake and fire in April 1906 the

"Two weeks later, at a meeting held headquarters of the California MisOctober 16th, the brethren decided sion were moved from San Francisco to hold two meetings each Sunday to Los Angeles. The mission was

and their intentions were advertised divided in January 1942 and San in The Examiner. Very few people Francisco again became a mission

attended these meetings, however, headquarters city, this time of the and the rent being a little high Northern California Mission. Today

($15.00 a month) they decided to the headquarters of this mission is

move to the Thomas Hall in East in Oakland.

Street. 14th Oakland, of Saints 1156% Rexburg, from The A group

nutrients energy producing held meeting in the Idaho, was land purchased farm in Thomas into every grain of wheat. first

They and enjoy. are thereWhenfor youyou haveto use a Hall December 4, 1892 wth Karl G. Gridley area, and early in 1907, a

LEE Home Flour Mill you can Maeser preaching."colony of Latterday Saints was

eat better your health to way roll, with every loaf of bread Dr. Maeser, a legend in the field functioning.

you in of Caliin education the Church, stake in presentday was The first nature's away Whybake.throw exhibit at the of the fornia, charge church Stake, the Los Angeles was bounty? Get a Lee Household

your Flour ownMill flourand stonefor superbgrind Midwinter Fair in San Francisco organized January 21, 1923 with flavor wholesome and comas president 189394 as president; ) and served McCune George W.

nutritional plete vigor. Write of( in the California Mission Stake was organized 1894. Hollywood prices for May today.

HANDY ELECTRIC COMPACT On May 1, 1894, he changed the 22, 1927, from parts of Los Angeles,

AUTOMATIC in as serving of holding meetings place President San with McCune or for yourself. check Judge Send money Francisco, being address San of the president the new new stake. Flour $1.50 order for or $1.00 for 5 Smith lb. Deaf

using lb. WholeWisconsinMinnesotaWheat Flour. Flour—free recipes 29llth Street, and circulated sevFrancisco Stake was organized May

LEE ENGINEERING CO. thateral hundredcity to dedicatoryinvitations servicesthroughoutof as10, president.1927 with W. Aird Macdonald Dept. 1-E 5-64

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. the California Mission Chapel set Today there are more than sixty

for Sunday, May 6. A note in the strong stakes in California. Within

Work—Live—In manuscript history of the California the boundaries of the state three fullSALT LAKE CITY Mission says that the rent on this time missions function: California,

building would cost $20.00, and an Northern California, and West SpanReproduction Company organ was being rented for $2.50 a ish American.

FOR SALE month. Some other expenses were Briefly, this is the heritage of The

incurred by the Saints in getting gas Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday all or part fixtures for illumination. Other imSaints in California. For more than

Blueprints, Printing, Film, etc. provements were made. a century the Church has both

Newly Equipped Elder Henry S. Tanner succeeded nourished and been nourished by

Sales $1 50,000/year; Will Finance Dr. Maeser in the work in the misthe wonderful people who make

sion. An interesting report signed their homes in that state of the

Reply P.O. Box 1973, by President Tanner on December golden west.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84T10 31, 1895 indicates that there were branches in San Francisco, Fresno

DAY BOUQUET MOTHER'S San Diego, San Sacramento, NEWELL, & WALSH INC. County, ORR RISSER BY FRANCES GORMAN Angeles. Bernardino, and Los He FLOORING CONTRACTORS

& ENGINEERS comments on the bottom of the report: "This report shows an increase One tiny rosebud,

TILE VINYL CARPETS Fresh and new, and pink in the souls in the mission of 130 PRICES"FLOORS "CUSTOM AT CONTRACT opens, another last the year, counting 25 Now without 630 5th AVE., N. Y. C. CI 6-3791 who have emigrated, leaving us 204 There are—count them—two.

little rosebuds PRICELESS HEIRLOOM PHOTOS souls in the mission at the present Two

COPIED AND RESTORED time. The missionaries are counted Nudge their sister, see in this report. There are 16 missionHow she fluffs her petals,

$2.00 PORTRAITS $4.00 SNAPSHOTS

... three. roses Making field. in aries have Three the

1 old Photo for negative and DeLuxe new."

.. rosebuds dancing Three (Original Enlargement returned unPhoto their families here.

Special prices5x7harmed)Se'nd request: on in the door, Peeping Choir, Salt Tabernacle Lake The SERVICE WEEKES PHOTORestoration COPY

Salt last3400 South 3200 West the one opensNoiv Professor of the direction Lake City 19, Utah under 8-3243 Phone CY It's nice to have in four concerts gave Evan Stephans,

YOU, too, can be a Oakland, San Francisco, San Jose, Full bloicn pink roses,

Genealogical Researcher! and Sacramento in April 1896, with Lovely, bright, and gay, with stepby-step

JURISDICTIONAL APPROACH a pretty such a They'll make Grant, then President Heber J.

Eakle Compiled by Arlene & bouquet! of Mothers the of Day the Council Mildred Christensen member per $2.50 copy

GENEALOGICAL COPY SERVICE 1010 West 1500 South Woods Cross, Utah 84087

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The'Era ofYouth MAY, 1964 MARION D. HANKS, EDITOR

ELAINE CANNON, ASSOC. EDITOR

The Divine Nature May begins another period of time in our eternal destiny. To

know oneself, to note daily progress, to dream an eternal destiny, to cultivate the qualities of character of divine nature is important business for youth.

President David O. McKay has often quoted,

"Sow a thought; reap an action

Soic an action; reap a habit

Sow a habit; reap a character

Soiv a character; reap an eternal destiny."

This is the challenge President Grant Thome of the Northeast British Mission presents to his young missionaries each year.

To help each youth understand and strive for the qualities of

Godliness, he suggests they reexamine and rediscover their relationship to the divine nature and put their thoughts in ivriting.

And so began the serious reflection.

The essays were written. Thoughts were sown.

We heard of the project and asked to see some of the material as it teas sent to mission headquarters. Much of it

seemed pertinent to the lives of youth everywhere. This month

we are presenting selections from this project. We share these

writings with you that your lives may be happier, higher...

"That ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world."(2 Peter 1:4.)

The Editors

Loyalty

I first became acquainted with the importance of loyalty about ten years ago when I joined the Boy Scouts. The

second Scout law is loyalty, and we were taught that loyalty goes beyond our country; we were taught to be loyal to ourselves, to our fellow men, and to God.

The account of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego has always fascinated me. King Nebuchadnezzar told them

that if they did not bow down to his golden image, they

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA would be thrown into a fiery furnace. But they were loyal

to their God, knowing that he would protect them. This

threat of death had no effect upon them. As Nebuchadnezzar

had promised, they were thrown into the fiery furnace, but not a hair of their heads was harmed. They were loyal to

the Lord, and he protected them.

Again I refer to the scriptures to quote one of the finest sX-* tributes that has ever been paid a group of men. The Book

of Mormon tells about the 2,000 stripling warriors that "they were men who were true at all times in whatsoever thing they were entrusted."(Alma 53:20.) They were

men who were loyal in everything they did. They were

men who could be trusted.

We as missionaries have a great responsibility; we must

be loyal. We must be loyal to our parents. They are supporting us for these two years and are sacrificing to keep

us here. We owe it to them to be the best missionaries

we are capable of being.

We must be loyal to ourselves. Two years is a long

time to take out of the life of a young man if it is not used k. to

wisely. We must be honest with ourselves. To live with

ourselves we must be able to look ourselves straight in the eye, having a clear conscience. Even if the whole world is

against us, if we are loyal to ourselves, we can enjoy life.

But when we go against mission rules and waste our time, we are being disloyal to ourselves and our resistance to the rough spots of life is weakened.

Most of all, we must be loyal to our God. He is our

Father, and he has sent us to the earth as a test. When

we were nineteenyears-old, he gave us the opportunity of going out into the world to bear his name and promised us rich blessings if we would do so in honor. But we were not

forced to come—the decision was ours. We accepted this

call, and along with it we accepted every rule and regulation that apply to a missionary. If we do not live true to the

covenants we have made with the Lord, we are cheating him. We must be loyal to the Lord if we want to enter

the celestial kingdom.

When Pompeii was destroyed, many people perished.

Sixteen hundred years later when the city was unearthed, some were found in the streets, some in deep vaults, others on top of buildings. Of special interest, however, was the P

Roman sentinel, who was found still standing by the city gate his war weapon in his hand. What a lesson in loyalty

How much is my loyalty worth to me? Would I be

willing to sell it for money like Judas Iscariot? When I

stand before God to be judged for my works, may I be found loyal even unto death as this Roman sentinel was.

MAY 1964 421 Confidence -Humility

We are chosen representatives of the Lord. He has placed

his confidence in us, entrusting - us to preach his gospel. If

we are to succeed and do that which we have been set apart to do, we must have confidence and trust in ourselves.

Because we are engaged in the Lord's work, we should desire to meet the qualifications he has set down for those who would be in his service. High on the list is humility

our safeguard against pride and arrogance and all other traits which are in opposition to the qualities God would have us cultivate.

Making confidence a part of our character means that we will develop within us a feeling of trust and assurance, of faith in our own ability to accomplish that which we set out to do. We will know that we can do whatever is required

of us, and, because of our own conviction, others will feel it, and they, too, will have confidence in us.

Humility is our awareness of our own insignificance, our own unimportance in the vast scheme of things. To

possess humility is to know of our weaknesses and failures as we acknowledge these weaknesses and work to overcome them, we are laying the foundation on which our confidence can be built.

This, then, is how confidence will grow within us—we

are first victors over our shortcomings and weaknesses;

next we experience small flashes of confidence in little things, and assurance will gradually grow until at last we feel sure in doing certain things. We have confidence we

can do these things.

Most of us are still in a stage of feeling confident in our ability to do only "certain things"—our confidence is

not yet allencompassing. As we comply with our Father's

requirements and incorporate into our lives the virtues which will uplift and improve us, we will be able to go forth fully confident in our ability to do all things, happy in the knowledge that we are serving the Lord with our "heart, might, mind, and strength."

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There is no yardstick by which we can measure the amount of humility we possess; nor indeed is it a quality

that is meant to be measured, far to try to do sojwould, openly announce,.- -- |UM i,MB|||i—ithat..WWW'we'1—"* '"do ""not"'—MWWjWWBfLM*'*WWpossessl ''rT'l > l""**r*n"thisli> "1 1 M trait—*MM>f in our

character. However, since it has been said that humility

is the foundation of all virtues, it is essential that we follow the admonition of Peter and "... be clothed in humility..."

that we may then work to attain and appreciate the other attributes of the divine nature.

Faith and Prayer

Shortly before coming on my mission, I visited the World's

Fair in Seattle, Washington. This was truly a wonderful j/[T>nJlJJ> HUAexperience to see the industry and culture of the world on

display. I thrilled at the fair's landmark, the Space Needle,

which towered 625 feet above the crowded Seattle streets. I

marveled at the giant tramway which looked as if it belonged to another world. These and countless other exhibits

and displays held me spellbound for the entire two days.

The highlight of the entire fair, for me, was the United

States Science exhibit. Here was a gigantic structure of

superb architectural design costing in the neighborhood of nine million dollars. It was filled with curious, and a.we=

inspiring exhibits which pointed out unmistakably that the world we live in did not come about by chance but that it is a part of a great and ingenious plan devised by a greater power.

One of these exhibits in particular made a profound impression on me which I shall always remember. There

was a man standing on a platform holding an ordinary 2x4 board in his hands. His assistant pulled a lever which

caused a tremendous amount of electricity to flow into the man's body. The power of the electricity was so great that

the board almost instantly caught fire. The man, however,

was unharmed.

MAY 1964 423 He stepped off the platform and proceeded to describe to the audience exactly what had happened and why. After

a brief but clear explanation, he asked if everyone understood; were there any questions? Everyone understood

there were no questions.

Next the man asked how many in the group thought dx> thathand theyshot couldup. Thedo themansameenthusiasticallything? Immediatelyreached foreveryone'sanother

board and said, "All right, who's first?"All was still and

silent. looked disappointed. set the very He The man o> }j)X for an analogy paused a moment, 2x4 down, and then made forget. I'll never which

He said, "The overwhelming majority of the socalled

Christian worldtodav have the same kind of faith in God as you have had in this experiment. They believe in God.

They believe he created*lWMM#**j*kffliW*-+*i'v'the world.''They believe he is allpowerfuTT Th*ey"believe he hears and answers prayers. frtf They believe m all these things and many more, but like you

here with this experiment their belief is vain because they do nothing about it. I ask you, is this laith? No! Faith is

more than intellectual assent. True faith leads to works.

There is no true faith without works."I silently

nodded approval.

As missionaries we have faith in God. We have faith

in God or we wouldn't be here, but I sometimes wonder just how much faith we have in ourselves. I think we fail to

realize the tremendous power that we have within us as children and servants of God. I believe that one big reason

why men do not develop greater abilities, greater methods, greater resourcefulness is because they use neither their abilities nor their opportunities. minimWeiiriiaaawaiMMigiawdon't need more*w

strength or more ability or greater opportunity. What we

need is to use what we have. Missionaries fail, and the

Church suffers when all the time these men have in their possession the same assets other men are utilizing to achieve success. Have you ever heard the expression "if the Lord's

willing, we'll...."The Lord is always willing. If we fail,

it isn't because of the Lord. As Cassius said, "The fault,

dear Brutus, lies not in our stars, but in ourselves that we are underlings."

We must develop faith in ourselves. We must realize

the capabilities with which we have been endowed and then humbly pray that under the Lord's direction we may use these talents in accomplishing his will. It was once said

that we should pray as though everything depended upon the Lord and then get up and work as though everything depended upon us.

God does not bless man's efforts until he has made

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA man feel that the best of his own strength has been put forth. Without God, man's strength is vain; but it would

be vain for God to help man, except under the veil of man's selfhelp.

Brigham Young observed, "Whenever you give a man L something for nothing, the first person he comes to dislike

J tfA/ffi\ is you."So it is with the Lord. He doesn't give us something for nothing. "Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall

he also reap."

This works both ways. Life doesn't cheat. It doesn't

pay in counterfeit coin. It doesn't lock up shop and go home

when payday comes. It pays every man exactly what he

has earned. The ageold law that a man gets what he earns

hasn't been suspended. When we take that truth home and

believe it, we've turned a big corner on the highroad that leads to success.

"The effectual, fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much."If we combine our faith with our prayer, if

we pray for the Lord's guidance in realizing our abilities, if we develop faith in ourselves, if we follow the promptings of the Spirit in using our talents, then we can't help realizing more fully our own value in the sight of the Lord. We

have thus improved our relationship with ourselves and the

Lord, and in doing so we have also increased our faith in

God and in our fellow man. This increased faith must lead

to increased works and prayer. This cycle..lmoj&a-Jiajanii. )c

and by following it we can accomplish our goal of selffulfil- ment and be of maximum service to the Lord.

Forgiveness

Would it put us farther ahead to forgive a man or to get revenge? L...

Before we answer this question let's just examine, first of all, forgiveness. To forgive a man in any circumstances

costs us nothing. Let's say a man defrauded me, injured

my reputation, attempted my life; and suppose such an if //wvm*C-

MAY 1964 425 enemy is in my power, how much does it cost me to forgive him? If I reduce him to poverty, it would make me no

richer; to destroy his peace would not restore my own

to hurt him would not heal me, and to cast a blot on his reputation wouldn't restore any luster to my name. If I

were to take his life, would this insure me against the stroke of death or would I live any longer?

It is a happy memory that calls kindness and forgets offenses. Someone said, "It is far more noble to conquer

one's passion than to crush a foe; and sweeter than gratified revenge arThlsle"elihg,w

When we do forgive, we exhibit somewhat of the divine in us; something of the happiness of our Lord and God.

is the master of forgiveness, and the one who is J v4 behindWhononforgiveness? each according If we weighed "v

tfir to the goodness and benefits which come from them, which would weigh more? Am I going to collaborate with God /-I *> \ f--*>-

$ and forgiveness, or with Satan and be unforgiving, still u * expecting the Lord to forgive me my derelictions and shortcomings?

Always remember that "It is far more noble to conquer one's passion than to crush a foe."

Planning and Imagination

BY RANDALL GREEN

We dream; we covet; we aspire. We build our castles in the

sky. Now and then we get a faint glimpse of the infinite,

and our imaginations carry us far beyond the realm of experience. The lofty heights to which our minds can take

rii us know no bounds.

And while some men dream, other men of shorter vision laugh and mock those who allow their thoughts to rise above

I reality. They cannot attain higher things because they will not see beyond the here and now. They live today today

and tomorrow tomorrow on the quite logical and reasonable assumption the present "now"is the only time with which

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they can deal directly.

If all men were of this second group, we would live in a static, unprogressive society, a society of people content with their lot, complacent, resistent to change and new ideas.

We have seen this happen from time to time in the world's history.

But yet, is there not some sense in their mockery?

What do wild dreams accomplish? A man can be realistic,

unimaginative, and yet hardworking—but is not the dreamer

also the idler? Then what is the answer to this riddle?

Someone put it in this way: ''It's all right to build your

castles in the put foundations under them."sky—just

This quotation serves to introduce my topic, planning and imagination. I feel they are so strongly interdependent that they should be treated together—in reverse

order: imagination and planning, or castles in the sky

and foundations.

But, you say, any builder knows you must start at the foundation and work up. Yes, but who would build a building without first having a set of plans, and what architect

ever drew up a set of plans without having first a mental image of the finished product? It has been said that the

cities men dream of are the ones in which their children will live.

Anything worthwhile that has ever been accomplished can be analyzed in the same way. True, many great discoveries have resulted from unplanned accidents. But there

must be an observer with enough imagination to picture its significance or it would go unnoticed, and someone must devise a method of application or it would never be applied.

From these and countless other examples we could analyze, we see a pattern emerging, and a fundamental truth taking form. The author Karegan put it in this way:

"Nothing can be born that is not first conceived."And hence the appellation we give our pet ideas—"brainchild."-Um

It is a basic law of success, of accomplishment, of progress, V that we first must set a goal and then devise a plan by which we can reach that goal. And as in all things, we

can turn to our Eternal Father for our example.

As imaginative as is the human mind, no people express such lofty goals, nor with such confidence, as do we who have envisioned in some degree the real purpose of existence.

We do not hesitate to aim at objectives with eternal perspective and proclaim our ultimate goal—that of becoming

like God. Dj

To guide us in this eternal quest our Savior has provided a plan for us—a plan of salvation. He has outlined

in detail, step by step, the course we must take in returning gj&

MAY 1964 427 to God's presence and obtaining exaltation. It is a perfect

plan; but like all plans it is simply a longrange goal broken

down into an organized series of smaller goals, each within easy reach of the last. This is the "secret"—set a goal,

plan well, take each step as it comes, keeping your eyes fixed on the goal, and nothing shall be impossible. Oh, yes, and

incorporate faith and prayer. w So, following the divine pattern, we set a goal—say

making a branch into a ward by the end of 1964. We think.

We analyze. We sit down with the branch president and

determine just how many people and what kind of people we need to make a ward organization. We examine what

we have to work with and then outline in detail what we need to fill in the spaces. Then we plan just what must be

accomplished each month, each week, and each day. We get

the whole thing organized so that each day when we go out, we know exactly where we're going and just what we're looking for. This helps us think in terms of individuals

instead of "hours tracting."When we leave the "digs"

each morning, we simply put our plan into action, again exercising faith, prayer, and imagination. By the end of

the day we're one step closer to our goal, one step closer to being a ward, one step closer to filling a successful mission, and one step closer to eternal life.

Courage and Purity

BY MICHAEL WOODWARD

The world has seldom understood or sympathized with the

Lord's work and therefore has criticized and persecuted S**f&# his servants.

An unfortunate thing is that even many of the Lord's \J own people do not understand his work, and they tend to harass and socially criticize others who are endeavoring to be perfect. People who take the gospel seriously must also

take upon themselves a cross of the shame of those who will not so endeavor. Thus arises the need of courage, the

quality which prompted Paul to say

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is

the power of God unto salvation...."(Rom. 1:16.)

Imagine the courage it must have taken Noah to preach for 120 years, Lehi to embark into an unknown world, Joseph Smith to publish fearlessly to the world his revelations.

"Wherefore, lift up your hearts and rejoice, and gird up your loins, and take upon you my whole armor, that ye may be able to withstand the evil day, having done all, that ye may be able to stand."(D&C 27:15.)

In chemistry, there are two kinds of purity—medical

and chemical. Medically pure water is simply free from

living organisms which might spread disease. It may be

still full of dead organisms and tiny foreign bodies. One

might say it is chemically filthy. Chemically pure water,

usually distilled, is H L,0, and that's all. A comparison falls

strikingly here between chemical substances and characters.

Many people's characters are socially pure—that is, in the

eyes of people, friends, associates, church members, they are beyond reproach and seemingly upright and honest enough. But like medically pure water, if these individuals

were examined under a spiritual microscope, foreign bodies would appear.

Jealousy, aspiration, greed, avarice are easily conthough an individual cealed and possesses these faults, like JMJL, water, to be pure. appear he may

The individual whose heart is pure will stand any examination or test. "Blessed areMMMMMtoKNCMIMMthe pure in heart, for

they shall see God."(3 Nephi 12:8.)

Enthusiasm and Dedication

A chain reaction occurs within us each time we generate a divine spark of enthusiasm. This chain reaction is started

by the Spirit of God, for in essence, such enthusiasm means filled with the Spirit of God. From this divine spark we

MAY 1964 429 can nurture a greater righteous force of enthusiasm. As

we apply our own motivations with the help of the Father, then our inspired enthusiasm ripens. With the maturation

;//t$jM of this great force springs another and equally profound

A/'quality, that of dedication. From the resulting total of

such enthusiasm and dedication come the fruits of our labors, in reality what we are.

Rather than write an essay on the aspects and merits of inspired enthusiasm and dedication, I will apply these two divine attributes to myself and God's work by comparing and analyzing their respective points given us in the divine nature. Not from conceit but from practicality, I am

going to consider these points strictly in the first person.

Since divine enthusiasm means the Spirit of God within me, it naturally follows that if I want this enthusiasm, then

I must have the Spirit of the Eternal Father. I know that

my body, in fact, my entire being, is one of his temples; and

if I want the Spirit of God to dwell in it, then I must keep it wholesome and near to the divine. I must never do anything to dim the promptings of the Holy One. When my

temple is prepared for the Spirit of the Father, then it will come just as naturally as dawn follows darkness. Once I

have this Divine Spirit, an enthusiasm, true and genuine, will emanate from me. My inspired self will bespeak and

proclaim it more audibly than many words. F

Such enthusiasm is the harbinger of other of the divine nature qualities, among which is dedication. When I have

the qualities of enthusiasm and dedication which radiate from the Spirit of God, then all of the nonessentials, trivial, and even the extremely weighty aspects of these two qualities are naturally accounted for. When such qualities come

from and are fed by the Spirit, I am in happy reality "connected to my source of power."It now follows that my

only prerogative and desire is to dedicate myself enthusiastically to his work. Such things as living the mission

schedule and abiding by mission standards will naturally become part of me.

When I am divinely enthusiastic and dedicated, others will sense it and desire the same. My natural reaction

then will be to share the gospel. Ralph Waldo Emerson

said, "The only true gift is a portion of thyself."

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Last Word

Did you ever hear of a There are many wrong man who had striven all ways oj doing a right his life faithfully and singly thing; but there never

toward an objective, and was a right way of in no measure attained it? doing a wrong thing.

Denying a fault, doubles it. Learn to obey before you command.—Solon

"Tommy, who started this?"When you encounshe demanded sharply. "Well,"ter stumbling stones

replied Tommy, "it all started along the way, step when Albert hit me back."on them and go ahead.

The best thing to save for The end of all learning is to know God, and out of your old age is yourself. that knowledge to love and imitate him.—Milton

The greatest remedy for anger is delay. -Seneca

Distance lends enchantment The price of an education is great—but

But not when you're out of gas. not nearly so great as the price of ignorance.

Among the footprints A radio station phoned one in the sands of time thousand men asking to some people leave only whom they were listening.

the marks of a heel. Eighty percent said their wives.

Give some weeds Habit is a cable; we weave a thread of

an inch and they it each day, and it becomes so strong will take a yard. we cannot break it. - Horace Mann

When two quarrel, both are in the wrong.

LEOLA GREEN MERRILL

As each Sabbath dawns in Mountain America, KSL Radio greets it with outstanding music and the spoken word on SABBATH PRELUDE. In this instance, the spoken word is by Leola Green Merrill, well known for

her reading talents in the field of literature. Music is designed to fit the mood of the Sabbath. You're

sure to enjoy Mrs. Merrill's selection of works to be presented and her intimate style of presentation.

SABBATH PRELUDE sets the pace for the outstanding day of great broadcasting to follow, including the

New York Philharmonic Orchestra, The Tabernacle Choir, Invitation to Learning, Science Editor, Face the

Nation, Capitol Cloakroom, Album of Music and Best in Music. Won't you join us next Sunday between

6:00 and 7:30 A.M. for SABBATH PRELUDE on...

r4&&o 1160 on Your Dial Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Bill Sleater had three loves... his beautiful wife, a happy

little son, and a huge transport truck which provided their livelihood.

Healthy, husky, seemingly selfsufficient, it took a lot of persuasion to make Bill aThe(Story of believer in the need for life insurance. After quite a

struggle, he purchased a Family Benefactor Plan with reedoves Beneficial Life.

A short time later Bill had his truck loaded with grain and ready to roll. As he was

leaving town, he was struck by a sudden and urgent desire to kiss his wife once more and have a final look at his little boy.

Together Bill and Nancy fondly looked at their son, sleeping peacefully in his bed.

Smiling, Nancy said, "The doctor told me today we're going to have another one."

"That's wonderful!"Bill

kissed Nancy goodbye. "I'll

see you tomorrow."

Less than five minutes later he was killed instantly when his truck was hit by a speeding train.

After the funeral, Beneficial Life delivered to this young widow a miracle of paper and ink—a check for

$15,000. Nancy then knew

how blessed was the day that Bill became a believer.

Another instance of the wisdom and the miracle of life insurance!

From the Beneficial Life files

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. \/ Salt Lake City, Utah

Over 600 million dollars of life insurance in force.

jm