In this issue:

Talks given by the General Authorities at the 133rd SemiAnmial General

Conference

The Improvement Era December 1963 is "something special"Going to BYU

1. HIGH QUALITY STUDENTS - BYU students are in demand because of superior education of mind, body, and spirit MORE FOR YOU AT BYU

in an ideal social climate.

2. WELL TRAINED FACULTY - BYU faculty members cies.Accredited by highest professional agenhave been educated in 100 universities and colleges. Their Offers doctor's, master's, bachelor's degrees

standards are high but they give personal attention.

and twoyear certificate.

3. WELL EQUIPPED CAMPUS - BYU's beautiful new High academic standards with special accampus has 100 major permanent buildings, ample classrooms celerated program for gifted students,

and laboratories, millionvolume library. semester system, excellent scholarship proRTAIN SPIRIT - BYU offers all the advangram. Scholarship recognized.

tages of a big university, all the friendliness of a small college. Successful, democratic student activities

Student, religious, cultural activities thrive. program. Club and church activities not

exclusive but open to all.

Comfortable, pleasant, attractive housing.

CLIP AND MAILThe nation's top lecture, concert, and assembly series.

TO: Religious activity for all, with 43 LDS wards

University Relations Division and three stakes on campus, devotional

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah sermons by General Authorities of the

Please send me free of charge additional information Church. Every student takes a religion

class. about BYU. I am especially interested in One of the nation's most beautiful campuses. Further expansion is under way.

Name

Address City State Brigham Young University p

TWICE AS CRISP!

Exploring TWICE AS FRESH! the

Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

SO YOU THINK IT'S NEW

Copper pipes were made and used to drain the rain water from the temple of King Sahura at Abusir in the fifth

Egyptian Dynasty, about 2750 BG.

LEAVES AND FRUIT

It is estimated that about fifty leaves prTHIN A CRISP'—

on the tree are necessary to produce the food to develop an orange, fortyto fifty for a goodsized apple, and SUPREME thirty to forty for a peach. 3P w

BfSPOUNtXNST MATTER AND ENERGY Albert Einstein gave an equation which tells how much energy can be produced by the conversion of matter into energy, as for example because there are twice as many indiin the fission into small... of uranium

atoms with the conversion of some vidually wrapped packs in every package of matter into energy. In the universe Supreme Saltine Crackers! You open fewer

itself, Professor H. Bondi has pointed

out that the amount of radiation is crackers at a time... keep the rest sealed

only about one hundred thousandth up fresh and crisp. Get a package next time

part of the energy equivalent of the matter. you shop!

Enjoy Supreme cookies, too...

they're "Kitchen rich"good...

baked as you would!

WATER DISCHARGE FROMVOLCANOS

Dr. Sigurdur Thorarinsson has described the Iceland 1918 eruption

of the volcano Katla, which was covered by a glacier, in which a maximum discharge of water was estimated at three times that of the

Amazon River at its mouth. DECEMBER 1963 SUPREME

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for December 1963 Volume 66, ISumber 12

Church Features

The Editor's Page: "Of Peace and Christmas,"President David O. McKay....1036 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

General Conference Index.1030 10361025 Art:Art: EdMauriceMaryonScanlon

1036 Photo: Ralph Clark

The Church Moves On, 1030; Melchizedek Priesthood, 1120; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 1122. 10391041 Art:Art: RaphaelVirginia Sargent

1043 Art: Ed Maryon

1048 Art (Child): Ted Nagata

1052 Art: Jerry Thompson

Photo: Hal RumelSpecial Features 105455

Information 1076 Photo: Church

Church InformationMessage of the Angel, Mark E. Petersen.......1038 1093 Photo:ServiceService

Poinsettia Time, Donna Ashworth 1043 11011111 Photo:Photo: RalphChurchClarkInformation

Genealogy: Pertinent Questions Answered 1046 1107 ServicePhoto: Deseret News

Antidotes for the School Prayer Cases, Dallin H. Oaks 1048 1120211122 Art:Photos:Ted NagataDean Pearpont

112425 Art: Maurice Scanlon, Ted

Jesus Is the Christ, James E. Talmage 1051 113751 BackgroundNagata Art: Virginia

Teaching: "Teacher, I'm Here!"Max W. Craner 1052 1138 Art: SargentDale Kilbourn

Introduction to General Conference 1054 1152 Art: Ed Maryon

All other art and photos by Ralph

General Conference Addresses 10561111 Reynolds Studio

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans.... 1113, 1114, 1126, 1134

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1025; These Times: Christmas and Consensus, G. Homer Durham, 1034; Letters and Reports, 1033.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

The Delightful Puzzle of Christmas, 1124

Dial "O"for Safety, Roger W. Dana 1129

The Era of Youth 1137

The Last Word 1151 President Kennedy, President David O. McKay 1152

Stories, Poetry Because We Love, Berta Huish Christensen 1040

Poetry 1112, 1114, 1118, 1131

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah the Editor; cover Green, Associate Richard O. Editor;David and Managing Doyle Marba Managing Albert

Associates; Higgins, Larsen, McKayEditor; Editoria'E. Carter Grant,L. Evans, FlorenceC. Josephson, ArleneEditors; DonnaL. Editor; Todays Family MarionL. Zobell,D, Hanks,Jr.,

Editor: Associate Art Editor; Direction: Cannon, Era Youth Studio. Youth Elaine TheResearchThe Ralph B.ReynoldsPinnock, of Era of of Christmas always magic The

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Alma A. Gardiner, N. Eldon Tanner, Contributing Editors. has the trust of a child as one

CarlosG.

Director; ThayerSmith,Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Theof itsphotographpriceless ingredients.is by Camera Clix.

Inc., Copyright published 1963 Funds, and Associations Improvement by Mutual Church by the Mutual of The

price,reserved. Subscription in year, subscriptions, $3.00 a advance; multiple $8.25; 2 years, $5.75; 3 years, eachofsucceedingJesus Christyear,of Latterday$2.50 a yearSaints.addedAll torightsthe

price. three year

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.Citv, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

is for unsolicited Era Improvement not responsible manuscripts The contributions. for but welcomes Manuscripts are at the rate paid on acceptance of 2c

a sufficient delivery must accompanied and postage word return. be by and

Lithographed Cover is days'notice Thirty for required of address. change ordering a please recent include address issue change, slip from a of the magazine. Address

changes unless cannot old well as Whenthefor as address the be included. by Deseret News Pressin full color one is made new

1026 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ailULLIilUI

BEEDB

OECB UULMJ NEW CONOCO ALLSEASON SUPER MOTOR OIL

MEETS EVERY OIL CHANGE REQUIREMENT OF EVERY CAR

Manufacturers of 1962 and 1963 model cars recommiles between oil changes recommended for your own mend as many as 4,000 to 6,000 miles between oil car by its manufacturer, with complete safety. In

changes. This is a grueling test for even the best summer. In winter. In slowmoving traffic or at high

motor oils. And Conoco AllSeason Super Motor Oil turnpike speeds hour after hour.

passed it... on the road... with flying colors. It's the best life insurance an engine can have...at

What does this mean if you own a pre1962 car? no increase in price. Another example why you've got

Simply this. You can go the maximum number of more going for you with the Hottest Brand Going!

*'Vu Hottest Brand Change to 'CONOCO Going!

1963, CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY CHRISTMAS THAT LIVE ON AND ON FROM DESERET BOOK

""-:w

* *; *'k*

r. /..., 'j:.v **:.'..

t TJ*eIS**

/UUSEffr 1.20B6U. J-

2. LATTERDAY PROPHETS AND THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, Volume I.

(Sections 1-41) by Roy W. Doxey

A rich, new, and different commentary on the first fortyone sections of the Doctrine and Covenants by the First Presidencies, the Quorums of the Twelve, and thePresiding Patriarchs of the Church.

$3.95 3. FASTING - SECOND STEP TO ETERNAL LIFE

by Alan P. Johnson

Why do we fast? For how long should we fast? When should we fast? These and other questions on

fasting are answered in this new book. The history of fasting, and the attitude toward fasting by many

faiths, is dramatically told.,,-

4. WHAT DO I DO NOW?

by Barbara Jacobs and Dorothy M. Bowen

A new "howto"volume for LDS teens that even adults will enjoy reading. Here is preparation for

those tough spots which teens must all face for the first time.

$3.50

5. THE GIFTS OF CHRISTMAS by James J. Stewart

Fifteen inspirational Christmas stories to thrill every member of the family at Christmas. Here is the

real meaning of Christmas! An ideal gift book!... **

6. ATTHEFOUNTAIN by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Another Zobell miniature masterpiece of inspiration. This collection of uplifting thoughts will make

anyone an ideal gift. < nn

7. BIBLICAL SITES IN THE HOLY LAND

by 0. Preston and Christine Robinson

A visual and verbal tour of the Holy Land by the managing editor of the Deseret News and his wife following a recent tour. This is an ideal volume to read during the Christmas season...,-

1. ANSWERS TO GOSPEL QUESTIONS, Volume IV

by President Joseph Fielding Smith

Just in time for Christmas giving is this new volume in the "Answers to Gospel Questions"series by President

Smith. Difinitive answers to many complex theological

questions are succinctly given in this new volume.

$2.75

parsK

8. THE BOOK OF MORMON IN LIVING SOUND

All the dignity and grandeur of the words and counsel of

American prophets beautifully and reverently spoken by two of the finest voices in the LDS Church.

36 completely new HiFidelity 33 x/3 L.P. records in a magnificent 2-volume caseenclosed album.

Includes portfolio of Arnold Friberg's famous Book of Mormon paintings.

Includes Elder Gordon B. Hinckley's dynamic explanation

of the Book of Mormon.

Preface is by President Marion D. Hanks

STILL ONLY $49.95 As low as: $5.00 down and $5.00 a month.

Postage anywhere in the United States $1.20.

9. THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE IN LIVING SOUND

Here is the sweep and majesty of divine Scripture... the

cherished Pearl of Great Price... in the full beauty of sound.

Album includes set of four HiFidelity 33M? L.P. records.

ONLY $9.95

Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Dear Sirs: Enclosed please find check money order I have an account,

please charge. Amount: $ for the enclosed numbered books:

3 4 5 6 7 8 9 12

Zone State

Residents of Utah include Vh% sales tax.

SPEAKERS

Benson, Ezra Taft 1063 Brockbank, Bernard P. 1086

Brown, Hugh B 1058, 1094 Brown, Victor L. 1108

Christiansen. EIRay L 11 0

Critchlow, William J., Jr 1067

Dyer, Alvin B. 1078

Evans, Richard L 1074 1098Hunter, Howard Isaacson, 1096 WB. Thorpe

Ivins, Antoine R 1107 Kimball, Spencer W 10711*01Lee, Harold B,

Longrden, 1069 The John McKay, David 1056, 1096, 1110 Monson, Thomas S 1062Packer, Boyd K 1084 Church Moves

Petersen, Mark E 1110 Richards, Franklin D 1070 Richards, LeGrand 1081Romney, Marion G. 1065 On

Sill, Sterling 1089 W Simpson, 1100 Robert L Smith, Eldred G 1083 Smith, Joseph Fielding 1061 Sonne, Alma 1080 Stapley, Delbert L 1103 Tanner, N. Eldon 1060, 1092

Taylor, Henry D Vandenberg, John H 10881076 SEPTEMBER 1963

Young, S. Dilworth 1087

SUBJECTS President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve

Achievement 1058 unveiled and dedicated the "School of Zion"monument, Troost

Age 1058 Park, Kansas City, Missouri. The sevenfoot marble marker marksAmerica 1063, 1103

1081Apostasy 1063, 1065, 1101 the site of the first school building in that part of Missouri. ItBaptism

Bishops 1108 was established by the Saints, August 2, 1831, in the time of the

Blessings 1083 Prophet Joseph.Brotherly kindness 1098

Character 1098 1071, 1084, 1108, 1110Children 1083 President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the TwelveChurch history 1106Church 1088 dedicated the restored jail, museum, and bureau of informawelfareChurch

Civil rights 1058 tion at Liberty, Missouri.

Communication 1074 Communism 1063 Fresno East Stake, the 381st now functioning in the Church, 1063, 1103 Constitution (U S) 1106 was organized from parts of Fresno (California) Stake with Elder 1100,Courage 1089Creation Delinquency 1071 Melvin P. Leavitt sustained as president. His counselors are Elders

Determination 1092 Charles B. Bingham and Dean L. Hyde. The stake was organized

FaithFamUy 1080,1071, 1101,1084, 11071108 under the direction of Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council of

Fathers 1058, 1084 the Twelve and Elder Boyd K. Packer, Assistant to the Council

1063 Free agency 1056, Gospel dispensations 1098 of the Twelve. This area was known as the Fresno District of the

Greatness 1088 1058 California Mission for many years. At the end of 1930, the disHandicaps

Home 1071, 1076, 1096, 1110 trict had a membership of 826.

1078 Honesty Humility 1062 Elder Lynn F. Olsen sustained as second counselor to PresiIsrael 1103 dent Dallas A. Tueller of Fresno Stake, succeeding Elder Charles B. Jesus Christ 1058, 1080

1108 Lamanites is now first counselor in Fresno East Stake. 1069 Bingham who Love

Man 1089 1096, 1060, President DavidMcKay, 1098 Death came to President Henry D. Moyle of the First Presi1081,Missionary 1072, 1062, 1065, work

1086, 1101 dency early this morning as he slept at Deer Park, Florida.

1071,Mothers 1108 The 74year-old First Counselor was visiting a churchowned ranch. 1062, 1088 Moyle, President Henry D. 1060,

Parents 1060, 1071 1086 (See October Era page 840.) Prayer

Preexistence 1098 Priesthood 1058, 1067, 1076, 1089, 1092, 1096 1061 Funeral services for President Henry D. Moyle were conProphecy

1074 Relationship to God 1107 ducted by President David O. McKay at the Salt Lake Taber1061, 1065, Repentance

Restoration 1081 nacle. Interment was at Salt Lake City Cemetery.

Revelation 1101 Rewards 1083 1110 Righteousness 1081 Brigham City (Utah) Stake was organized from parts of Satan

Selfcontrol 1096 North Box Elder Stake with Elder Lawrence C. Taylor

Selfdominion 1089 1107 sustained as president, with Elders A. Fullmer Allred and Wynn Service

Spiritual peace 1056 S. Andersen as counselors. The stake, the 382nd now functioning, 1086, 1087, 1096 Teaching

Testimony 1060, 1062, 1063, 1110 was organized under the direction of Elder Spencer W. Kimball

Will power 1092 of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson, of Wisdom 1087Word

Youth 1056, 1058, 1076, 1087 Assistant to the Twelve. Brigham City, first settled in 1851,

NOTE: Elder Gordon B. Hinckley, of the Council of bears the given name of President Brigham Young.

of the Air"of the the Twelve "Church spoke on the his Elder A. Gorin Steed sustained as second counselor to Presiradio network; System's Broadcasting Columbia

Presithe later Era. for a issue of is scheduled address the dent Malcolm C. Young of North Box Elder Stake. He succeeds of R. Levi dents Hunter and Milton Edgar Young

First Council of the Seventy did not speak. Elder Elder Lee R. Andersen.

Council to the Burton, Assistant Theodore M. of the Elder Andrew J. Mitchell sustained as first counselor to PresiPresidents McConkie, Bruce R. Marion Twelve, and

over Tuttle were presiding A. Hanks, D. Theodore and

session was dent James I. Gibson of Lake Mead (Nevada) Stake, succeeding of priesthood Church. the missions The also addressed by Matthew R. Simmons and David R. Elder Raymond C. Rhees. Elder J. Marian Walker sustained as

Priesthood. priests Aaronic in the Craun, Their talks second counselor, (Continued on page 1116) Report pamphlet. will Conference in the appear

1030 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Architectural Department of L. D. S. Church

Masonry Contractor: Gappmeyer & Close of Orem, Utah

Gladding, McBean Face Brick Blends Two Trends

Nestling* dramatically in the mountains, The Church Through the years, the sound, substantial look of of Jesus Christ of LatterDay Saints, East Millbrick has been considered especially appropriate for creek 5th, 8th and 10th Wards, Salt Lake City, churches. And the Gladding, McBean Face Brick

reveals both modern and longestablished trends in you see here in walls and tower long has been a architecture. favorite of churches throughout the West. (It is

Cameo Rose Matte.)

Notice how beautifully the architect's design blends traditional and modern. The brick tower

strikes a completely modern note, while the steeply pitched roof reminds of both ecclesiastical Gothic and modern A-frame structures.

Building with Face Brick assures beauty that endures, with varied textural interest, construction strength, summer coolness, winter warmth, and lowcost maintenance. Gladding, McBean Face

Brick assures brick that lays and looks the way it should, due to superior clays, automatic mixing and firing, and precision pressing. And, at INTERPACE, you will find just the Gladding, McBean

Face Brick for any job—the greatest range of

shapes, sizes, colors and textures available—always

competitively priced.

FACE BRICK

'. Q A Gladding, McBean building product by

TLNTERPACE Imb INTERNATIONAL PIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATION

LOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO/ PORTLAN D

SEATTLE/SPOKANE/SALT LAKE CITY/PHOENIX!

DECEMBER 1963 1031 1. THE LAW OF oMnTE W. Sill Thefe By Sterling 'of THJ

of 52 thought GIFT A sparklingTHE HARVESTcollection Y013K provoking talks. Enough material for 1,000 talks or lessons. Stimulat ApysT LIST ing reading. Acclaimed as Elder H

Sill's finest literary achievement.

$3.5

3. TEENS AND

THEIR TIMES 2. FAITH - WORKS From special monthly section in

By Mark E. Petersen Improvement Era. Developed to fill

An outstanding collection of edithe need for wholesome reading torials that first appeared in the material for the young people of

Church Section of the Deseret the Church. $1.95

News. Because of the wide variety

of subject, it is an excellent reference for talks. $3.50

5. THE PROPHECIES OF

JOSEPH SMITH By Duane S. Crowther

Destined to be another best seller, T pro the with deals this book new BRASS JINGluniMfS their of and Smith Joseph phecies B. Nibley Hugh By u

il Liberally fulfillment. subsequent book of the expose'A masterful

"The 27th Wife."Dr. Nibley has lustrated with charts and rare

painstakingly uncovered the true photographs. $3.95

facts surrounding this phase of

Mormon history—and let the

"chips fall where they may."$3.50

7. THE DAY THEY MARTYRED THE PROPHET By Henry A. Smith

The complete and detailed account

hisin Church tragic event of this 6. INSPIRATIONAL VERSE

Authentic. Moving. Dramatic. Gardner tory. Compiled by Bryan

and Calvin Broadhead A story every Church member

A choice collection of poetry and should know. $3.25

verse appropriate for Church talks and lessons. Contains 221 poems,

f.M'S categorized as to subject. First

book of its kind in LDS literature.

$2.50

ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST BOOKCRAFT DEALER

OR FROM BOOKCRAFT 12/63 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money order for $ 3 4 5 6 7 12 NAME ADDRESS CITY ZONE.... STATE,

Letters and fRom the 1. "Favorite Reports BtBie

Stories from

the Bible"

Dramatically narrated foi children

Now... on a long playing record.. the stories youngsters love best.

"David and Goliath", "Daniel and the Word of Wisdom", "Saved from the Fiery Furnace", "Elijah", and "Abraham - Man of Faith", all re corded by master storytellers. A full 40 minutes of thrilling listening.

$3 49

EXACT REPRODUCTIONS OF

FIRST EDITIONS 2. JOSEPH SMITH BEGINS

HIS WORK, VOL I $5.95

AWARDED GOLD SEAL 3. JOSEPH SMITH BEGINSCERTIFICATE

HIS WORK, VOL II $5.95 Uritahi A. Elkington received a Gold Seal

certificate for 650 endowments from John By Wilford C. Wood

B. Hawkes, president of the New Zealand Authentic reprints of rare "first editions"of the

Temple, at a recent sacrament meeting of Book of Mormon, Book of Commandments, Docthe Temple View Second Ward, Hamilton trine and Covenants, the Lectures on Faith, and the meeting, Stake. At (New Zealand)

certificates of achievement were awarded The Articles of Faith.

to 32 people. Gold Seal certificates were

given to four ward members who had achieved 52 or more endowments during the year. Others besides Sister Elkington

receiving the Gold Seal certificates were

Bishop Lloyd N. Andersen with 52, Kenneth M. Papenfuss with 53, and President

Hawkes with 53.

v, fun family game where piayeis pawns el a gaily colored hoard by correctly answei gospel questions. Fun while learning lo pre

the gospel effectively $2.95

LATTERDAY LAUGHS

FOURYEAR CHAMPS TICKLING Itan & Elizabeth Schoenleld

First place in the winner Lehi (Utah)

Stake girls Softball league for fourth CARTOONS Election of witty cartoons which "point up"the consecutive year was Lehi First Ward.

Members of the team pictured are, (1-r) first row, Dona Anderson, assistant stake coach; director; stake sports Oxborrow, Eva NEAREST FROM YOUR B00KCRAFT DEALER

Taylor, Warburton,Shannon Bonnie 1263 B00KCRAFT OR FROM row,Shaw; second Sherry Holmstead,

Salt Main, 1186 Lake City, South Utah Dina 0*C* ORDER Price,Sydnee Holmstead, Kathy Kathleen

Peterson; third row, Phyllis Gray, ward Please send the following circled books for which I ensports director; Ora Jean Brown, Lena close check or money order for $

Aberle, Deon Shaw, Jean Tripp. Other 3 4 5 12 Vicky Evans, Kathrynteam members were

Aberle,Smuin, Lee, Penny Linda and NAME

Judy Evans, ADDRESS CITY ZONE.,., STATE

DECEMBER 1963 Why men in Accounting, Banking,

Sales, Credit, Real Estate,

Traffic, Insurance, Government and the Armed Services LAWSTUDYIN

TIME

as a way to Christmas increased and Consensus earnings THESE TIMES Whatever your present position—whatBy Dr. G. Homer Durham

ever your previous schooling—you can President, Arizona State University, Tempe

multiply your opportunities for rapid promotion, big income and prestige through

LaSalle law training at home.

A knowledge of Law is regarded today as activity in every indispensable equipment of "Fear not: for, behold, I bring you long been held to be essential to our

role of govgreatly increased business. The

ernment in business, the many new problems good tidings of great joy, which shall constitutional order. Yet how long

of Law involving taxes, insurance, contracts, be to all people."(Luke 2:10. can consensus stand the "love"of

liability, and employment, much more—all

executive legallytrainedrequire the who can Italics added.) country loudly pledged by some,

make dayto-day decisions effectively. That who, after the pledge of allegiance

is why leading corporations seek out such To be an individual, yet live harhas been repeated, then proceed to men for key positions and reward them with moniously with others, this is the preach contempt, hatred, or scorn top salaries.

You can master Law easily and enjoyably question. Hamlet (Act III, scene 1) of the same country's basic instituat home—at remarkably low cost—under the thought "to be, or not be"was the tions, its government, and politics?

of distinguished LaSalle's supervision Law than to sleep"deeper runs far question, and that "to die, This debate is illustrated actual with faculty. study Your

racial, or social to sectional, economic, devoutly the "consummation was of trainlegal cases. completion your Upon

ing, you are awarded a Bachelor of Laws be wish'd."But for most of us, the differences. One often wonders, espequalified. LaSalle degree, if Law The famed as fact of being involves living; and cially in the case of the young who is given Library 14 volumes to you of

part of your course. living poses the challenge of ( 1 ) insee and listen, how long tough instiFor more than half a Send for this dividuality and ( 2 ) sociability. Can tutions can stand a twinbarrage of

century LaSalle has been Free Booklet the infant adjust to the family, and love of country but hate of its govleader acknowledged an training, in business with the family to the infant? Can the ernmental institutions; and, whether

more than 1,000,000 stuman and woman live in harmony? rational processes and political condents. Mail coupon today two families? different societies, culsensus can survive; or whether the

illustrated for free bookLAW tures, nations, civilizations? noisy sound is really fury. for let Training "Law I.KAOK USUI P Leadership"and see how The annual Christmas season sugIn Latin America: How long can

LaSalle can help you gests such questions. The angelic riches and culture endure side by

in move up rapidly busiannunciation in Luke 2:10 poses side with mass poverty and igno417 S. Dearness.Address

born, Chicago 5, Illinois. some encouraging answers, for rance? Can internal influences in

Christmas and its message may have these proud and potentially pros- | LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY more to do with consensus among perous nations produce a rational

A Correspondence Institution men than we normally think when consensus based on individual 24042, Chicago Dept. S. Dearborn, 417 Will sing "Peace over on Earth, "ism"takes values, before Good some 5, III. we

booklet illustrated free your Please send me currently Consider fraud, or subversive force, to Men."means? some by for Leadership"Training "Law

observable phenomena: In Africa: Can fortyodd new

Name Age In the United States: Consensus nations move from the Stone Age

I Address (agreement in fundamentals though to the Space Age, complete with

City & not necessarily in particulars) has universities, in a decade; with a

Zone

I"County State L 1034 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA consensus based upon that proYOUR CHOICE GENEALOGICAL freeprinciple of individualfound Genealogical

Research is ANY TWO BOOKS STANDARDSRESEARCH consensus whichdom—without

counterfeit? By Derek Harland Standards FOR $1.29 $1.75 In the communist world: Will

famine in China and a wheat short- (WITH MEMBERSHIP) Isage in Russia mollify and slow down the engines of hate, each against the other, and both against the rest of mankind? Can love of God enter TEENS AND

this world? THEIR TIMES CHOSEN

In Europe: Can the benefits of From special MISSOURI

new capital investment, science, and monthly By K. W. Porter

technology be truly reaped in sosection in and H. 0. Ru

cieties whose intellectual leaders Improvement$1.95Era $3.50

often characterize them as postChristian?

In any office, farm, factory, school, city, or home: is "Love your enemies"a sound policy for the wise By Richard L. Evans

or a deceptive opiate for the foolish? MAY PEACE BE

The observed phenomena suggest WITH YOU $3.50

that the Master's injunction is sound \ policy for the wise, moved by Chris- \ AT THIS SAME tian consensus, when dealing with I HOUR $3.00

others similarly moved; and that it

is dangerous policy for the wise FROM WITHIN when dealing with the foolish so THESE WALLS unmoved. The sound policy in the $3.00

latter instance would then seem to be for all the wise to do all in their power to extend the Christian CHOOSE YOUR FIRST SELECTION FROM THESE CHOICE BOOKS:

consensus. 1. Prophecy, Key to the Future, 4. Sounding Brass,

Maybe, in part, this is the social by Duane Crowther by Hugh B. Nibley $3.50

meaning of Christmas. Christmas 2. The Law of the Harvest, 5. The Day They Martyred The Prophet

has achieved tremendous results in by Sterling W. Sill by Henry A. Smith $3.25

the relations of individuals. Oh, the 3. Faith Works, 6. The Prophecies of Joseph Smith,

magical, peaceful feeling that settles by Mark E. Petersen by Duane S. Crowther $3.95

over the household containing children about midnight on Christmas HOW TO JOIN...

Eve! The serenity which persists Choosechoice booksyour firstlistedselection(s)above at regularfrom thereeacheral books.month youTo willget receivethe top reviewsbook youof sevdo

and permeates the household the tail price and we will nothing—it will be sent to you postpaid

next day! Christmas began with an send you any two of with a statement. If you do not want the

individual. It has rich meaning for the bonus books shown book return the postcard provided for an

all individuals, as individuals. But here for just $1.29 alternate (or none at all). With every four

can we be individuals and yet live more,... all shipped books you accept, you receive a 5th book

harmoniously with others? This postpaid. After joining, of your choice free—a savings of 20%.

question remains. Can we retain

the rich values of competition, say, Inc. Club, Books

10, UTAH LDSBOX 400 1188 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITYbetween Mr. Goldwater and Mr. K"": P.O.

Rockefeller, and retain harmony among Republicans? Or can GovLDSP. 0. BOOKSBOX 400CLUB.- SALTINC. LAKE CITY 10. UTAH 1263

ernor Wallace of Alabama, Senator Please send me as my first selection, the following circled books for which I enclose

Harry F. Byrd of Virginia, President a check or money order for the regular retail price of $, plus $1.29 for

Kennedy, and the US Attorney Genmy 2 bonus books. 1 2 3 4 5 6

eral sing, "Happy Days Are Here Genealogical Research Young Brigham Young

Again"harmoniously, when the My 2 choices Standards May Peace Be With You 1964 Democratic Convention opens? for bonus books are: Teens and Their Times At This Same Hour

Can we export and exchange Chosen Missouri From Within These Walls through import the competition of Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether

I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of 4international strife but retain the or not I want the choice book described.

benefits of individual nationhood Booksprice. I Clubmayselectionsresign at oranyalternatestime afterduringbuyingthefournextadditional12 monthsbooks.at the Forregulareach advertised4 books I

harmoniously? accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free.

(Continued on page 1118) Name

Address

City Zone. State

DECEMBER 1963 1035 THE EDITORS PAGE / BY PRESIDENT

Once again each of us is privileged to live at the season when the world recalls the time the heavenly host praised God and said: "Glory to God in the

highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men."

(Luke 2:14.)

We worship Jesus the Christ! We do so because

we want to develop our spiritual qualities. We do so

because he is not only the Great Teacher, the Son of Man, the Babe of Bethlehem, and the one influence that has guided men more than all other combined influences put together, but also because he is our

Lord and Savior.

One of the great principles associated with the

Savior is peace. He said in the Sermon on the Mount:

"Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called

the children of God."(Matt. 5:9.) Toward the closing scenes of his life, he said to his disciples, "These

things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation:

but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world."

(John 16:33.) On that same occasion, he said, "Peace

I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as

the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart

be troubled, neither let it be afraid."(Ibid., 14:27.)

All through his life, peace was on his lips and in his heart. What is that peace that he had? Peace

is exemption from individual troubles, from family broils, from national difficulties. The peace as taught

1036 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DAVID O. MCKAY

by the Savior refers to the individual just as much as will celebrate this month.

it does to communities. The man is not at peace Jesus came to establish brotherliness; he knew no

who is untrue to the whisperings of Christ, the nationality; neither was he a respecter of persons. He

promptings of his conscience. I know that psycholhealed the helpless at the pool of Bethesda; even the

ogists say that conscience is not always a safe guide, woman who was taken in sin, whom selfrighteous but it is the best a person has. A man cannot be at men were going to stone to death, was told to go her

peace when he is untrue to his better self, when he way "and sin no more."Not only the poor and helptransgresses the law of righteousness, either in dealless, but the rich also partook of his brotherliness.

ing with himself in indulging in passion or appetite, To the wellto-do but despised publican Zacchaeus, yielding to temptations of the flesh, or whether he is who climbed the tree so he could see over the crowd untrue to trust, transgressing the law of righteousness when Jesus and the Twelve came, he said, "Zacchaeus, in dealing with his fellow men.... come down; for to day I must abide at thy house."

Peace does not come to the transgressor of law. (Luke 19:5. ) We do not know what happened in that

Peace comes by obedience to law, and it is that house, as to the conversation, but we do know that the message which Jesus would have us establish among heart of Zacchaeus was touched, and he said: "Behold,

men, would have us proclaim to the world—peace lo Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor; and if I

the individual, that he may be at peace with his have taken any thing from any man by false accusaGod; perfect harmony existing between himself and tion, I restore him fourfold."(Ibid., 19:8.)

law, the righteous laws to which he is subject, and That is the spirit of brotherliness. Jesus answered:

from which he can never escape; peace in the home; "This day is salvation come to thy house....'"'

families living at peace with their neighbors, exempt (Ibid., 19:9.)

from family and neighborhood broils; striving to be God bless you this Christmastide, and all the world.

exempt from the petty jealousies, petty aspirations May peace be in the hearts of our brethren and sisters and ambitions that come into the home and breed all over the world. May the true spirit of brotherdiscord and unhappiness; peace in the family behood guide you always.

tween mother and father, father and children, mother A joyous Christmas abide with each of you, and a and children, husband and wife—that is the gospel of happy successful new year await you, is my humpeace proclaimed by the Man whose birth the world ble prayer.

DECEMBER 1963 1037 What does Christmas mean to us? Does it mean of the heavenly host praising God, and saying,

only: tinsel, bright lights, Christmas trees, exchange "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace,

of gifts, carols, laughter, merriment? Or does it mean good will toward men."(Luke 2:1014.)

something more serious? That was the first Christmas.

Or is it a combination of both? Were there any yule logs burning? Were there any

Christmas certainly is a joyous time of year. bells? Any holly and berries? Were there any trees,

Of course it is a time for laughter, a time of good covered with tinsel and bright lights?

cheer, a time to sing, a time to frolic. Christmas was Were there laughing and merriment? Was there a

intended to be a time of happiness. But it is also Santa Claus or any little elves? No one even brought

a time to pray, a time to give thanks, a time of appregifts on that first Christmas night. The wise men

ciation, a time of genuine worship of the Prince of came later with what they had to offer to the newPeace, whose birth ushered in the true Christmas. born King.

Do you remember the poet who said that "the It was a different kind of night—different from anyworld is too much with us"? thing that had ever been known before. But it was

Do you remember what the first Christmas was the first Christmas—a night of travail, a night with

like? And do you recall how much the world has little shelter, a night of hardship, fatigue, and pain.

added to its observance, almost obliterating its true But a night also of revelation from God—oi angelic

meaning? Think of that first Christmas eve for visitation—of hosannas—of the hosts of heaven singing

a moment. the greatest Christmas carol of all—"Glory to God in

Mary and Joseph were in Bethlehem. There was the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward

no room for them at the inn. They took refuge in a men."(Ibid., 2:14.)

stable. All the excitement incident to childbirth Christmas has gone through great changes since

must have been there; the travail, the mother's that first wonderful night. Like the interpretation of

plaintive cry; the hurrying of the women who came the gospel, the observance of Christmas also bears

to help; then the cry of the little Babe. the marks of uninspired men. Men strayed away

Out on the plains were the shepherds, tending their from the truth, so there came an apostasy from flocks by night. An angel appeared to them, a the gospel. Men strayed from the truth and lost the

startling sight. The glory of the Lord was there. significance of Christmas. As they surrounded the

The shepherds were frightened. gospel with manmade notions and practices, so they

Then the angel spoke, and said: also changed the Christmas. Pagan customs came

"Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of into Christmas, just as pagan rites were attached to

great joy, which shall be to all people. the gospel. Even the name of Christmas bears its

"For unto you is born this day in the city of David mark—the name was not used originally as it is today.

a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. That name did not come until the mass was intro-

"And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find duced into a wayward form of worship. Then it

the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a became a mass to Christ, to celebrate his birth. The

manger. name was shortened to Christ's mass, or Christmas.

"And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude To keep the allegiance of the socalled barbarian

*<V r,

.*

GIVEN *T f* 7o *c 'L F THE TWELVE * TALK nations which were coming into the drifting church Christ, the Savior is born! Christ, the Savior is born!"

of the middle ages, and earlier, their customs were—Joseph Mohr

welcomed with them, and they brought their yule logs, their Kris Kringles, their holly and bells, their Momentarily the pagan rights were forgotten, and drinking customs, their tinsel and bright lights. They like the angels on that first wonderful night, mankind

sang, they drank, they ate to excess. began again to sing of the Prince of Peace. Christ

How different it all was from that first Christmas the Savior is born.

night. How different the purpose as well as The Savior was recognized. He no longer was lost

the practice. in the maze of tinsel and holly. Christ the Savior

But later there came a partial reawakening, a semiis born. The carols filled a great void. They still

rebirth of the true spirit of the Christ. The Christmas are heard.

carols were born, and men through these inspired songs began to catch again the true spirit of the Christ: "Joy to the world, the Lord has come,

Let earth receive her King!"

"Silent night! Holy night!

All is calm, all is bright "Far, far away on Judea's plains,

Round yon virgin mother and Child, Shepherds of old heard the joyous strains:

Holy Infant so tender and mild. Glory to God, Glory to God, Glory to God in the

Sleep in heavenly peace; Sleep in heavenly peace; highest,

Peace on earth, Good will to men.

"Silent night! Holy night! Peace on earth, Good will to men!"

Shepherds quake at the sight!—J. MacFarlane

Glories stream from heaven afar;

Heavenly hosts sing alleluia; And still they go on.... (Continued on page 1113)

iACmt,

DECEMBER 1963 1039 Love BecauseWe by BERTA HUISH CHRISTENSEN

"I don't want to make snowballs,"Nancy called from You could tell even without seeing—when Mama

the kitchen door. "It's so nice in the house."opened the door—by the laughing in Aunt Martha's

"OK, stay in the house. You're just jealous, that's voice.

all,"Chris was teasing again. "Fancy seeing you folks at this time of year,"Mama

What did jealous mean? Nancy closed the door. said. "You've never come to Mountain View before

It really was nice to stay indoors, when it was so June—never before."

close to Christmas. All the rooms looked like ChristThen Uncle Martin said, "I had some business to

mas, with little reindeer or ornaments or dishes of do in Lewisville, and it's only a stone's throw on holly sitting on tables and other places. In the living over here, so...."

room it smelled woodsy on account of the beautiful "Business, your eye,"Aunt Martha said, very pine tree, and there were cooking smells coming quickly. "We wanted to see those children."

from the kitchen where Mama was making fancy "Well, come right in,"Mama said, and she brought cakes with raisins and nuts. them both into the family room while she was saying,

It was nice sitting in the family room at her little "They're very nice children, all three of them."

blue table that wasn't her very own any more, think- "That's just what we couldn't believe—three chiling about things and coloring stars. dren! And all at once! It isn't as if you didn't

Mama came into the room to see what Benny was already have two of your own."Aunt Martha was

doing. "Isn't this a happy day?"she said, and she sitting in the big fuzzy chair now, but Uncle Martin

gave Benny one small cookie even before lunch. just stood with his front to the fire.

Nancy thought it was a happy day, too—happy like "It'll take a lot of money,"he said, without turnthe days before the airplane fell down and before ing around.

Mama started talking about dividing things. She "Indeed it will. And it isn't as if money grew on

could think way back, almost a month maybe, and trees, and you folks had a whole orchard. But then

remember when something went wrong with the I guess you know what you're doing."Aunt Martha

airplane. It wasn't easy to remember all that haptook off her reddishcolor gloves.

pened, because it was a mixedup day. "I guess we'll manage some way,"Mama said.

But there were some things you couldn't forget- "We wanted all three. It would have been a shame

like the telephone ringing so much and Aunt Ellen to separate the family."

coming over and talking so fast—telling Mama and Nancy could remember when Mama said that once

Daddy what a sad thing had happened; that because before. It was the day when the airplane fell downof the plane and because of the accident, three little only at night. Daddy was in the dining room reading

children were left motherless. the paper when Mama said, "What would you think,

Nancy could remember Daddy saying in a strong dear, about us adopting those children? Yes, all of

way, "And fatherless, too. Poor little kids."them. It would be a shame to separate the family."

* # * Nancy could remember even more about that

The doorbell was ringing. It was Uncle Martin. night—how Mama said, "The little one would sort of

1040 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

*r

take the place of our Robert."Then she wiped her lace and pink satin bows at the neck—the nightie that

eyes, and Daddy put his paper down and put his had come all the way from Chicago.

arms around Mama and said, "Yes, yes, I know."Then Nancy wanted to say, "Not that one, Mama, that's

he kissed her. She could remember that Mama my special one,"but Mama was opening the closet

stopped sniffling then and started to set the table. and saying, "Tomorrow we'll go through your clothes,

Maybe she could remember even more, but now Nancy, and divide them, and your toys. Of course

Aunt Martha was looking around the room, and she we'll get new things for Linda, too."

saw Nancy over by the window. That was when the dividing began.

"Well, if here isn't Nancy—coloring bells or stars or

some such. How do you like having such a big Everybody had more than one serving of food at

family, Nancy?"lunch, except Benny. He just wanted to keep sucking

Nancy was just going to answer, "Sometimes it's his thumb, but Mama kissed him and coaxed him to lots of fun—only...."drink his milk, and after that, he left his thumb out

But the hall door opened, and all of the kids, and and ate almost everything Daddy put on his plate.

Daddy, too, came through in a bunch. Daddy was When the dishes were all put away, and Daddy

carrying Benny. Then Mama began introducing had gone back to work and Benny was asleep, Chris

everybody—starting with Benny who still had his wanted to make snowballs again. "But not Nancy,

thumb in his mouth—then Michael, who was four years I guess,"he said. "She'll probably want to stay inside,

old and had lots of freckles. It was Linda's turn last. and cut a million more bells."

Linda was pretty to look at—with almost black hair "Christopher Meeson!"Mama said, looking straight

that curled all over, and big eyes. Nancy could reat him, "no teasing!"

member the night when the children came to their But Chris was right. Nancy did want to cut out

house. Linda looked pretty that night, too—only she more bells and stay inside.

smiled, like she was sort of scared, and looked down Nobody said anything for awhile, then Uncle Martin at her dress. It was red, and one pocket was almost put his paper down and said, "Those kids look as if

torn off. they could stand some good farm food."But Aunt

Uncle Martin was very jolly, and he shook Martha didn't think it was food they needed. She

hands with all of the children and said things said maybe they needed to have their tonsils out.

about Christmas. "They're already out,"Nancy said. "They got taken

Then Mama said, "Go wash your hands now, all out just last week, after Dr. Brown looked in their

of you, and we'll have lunch. Of course you'll stay ears and down their throats."

for lunch, Martha, it's practically ready."She told Aunt Martha about the day when all three

Aunt Martha looked like she wanted to stay, but of them came home from the hospital and Mama put she didn't say anything, but Uncle Martin said, "I them in bed for an extra day; how everybody was so

suppose we might as well, what are relatives for if nice and brought presents—not as many as at Christnot to enjoy?"mas time, but a few presents; how Mama read stories

And Daddy said, "That's right."and fixed Linda's hair up pretty with ribbons.

The kids didn't go to the bathroom right soon, so "I wish I could have my tonsils out,"Nancy told

Mama said, "You boys go first—Christopher, don't Aunt Martha. But Aunt Martha just laughed and

push—there's not room for all of you in there at once."said, "Honey, you don't need yours out."

When the boys had gone to wash, Aunt Martha When Mama came back into the room, Uncle said, "Miss Linda, how do you like living here at Martin said, "That little girl, Linda, she's a pretty the Meesons?"one—curly hair, and did you see her eyes, Martha?"

Linda smiled and said, "I like it fine. I've never Nancy wished she had black hair that was curly,

seen a pretty house like this before, never. I like my instead of straight hair that was no color at all.

new dress, too.""And she's a very nice child, too,"Mama said.

Aunt Martha patted the dress. "It's very pretty,"When Uncle Martin got up out of Daddy's green

she said, "and it looks brand new."leather chair, he said they'd better be going now. He

It was brand new, not one of the divided dresses. thanked Mama for lunch and kissed her on the cheek.

Nancy could remember that first night when they Then he said, "This adopting business is quite somewent upstairs and Mama said, "Nancy, what about thing. Blessings on this home."

finding one of your nighties, the very prettiest one That adopting word kept staying in Nancy's mind, you have. We want Linda to just love everything even after Uncle Martin and Aunt Martha had gone.

here."Then Mama took out the pink nightie with Now she remembered. (Continued on page 1130)

1042 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA POINSETTIA TIME BY DONNA ASHWORTH

It is Christmas time, and once again gay decorations should be planted deep enough for the earth to fill our store windows, our stores, our streets, and our come up to the V. Plant these in the ground or in

homes. Once again Christmas cards, decorated in little individual pots. If you use the pots, put some

many patterns wing their way around the world. broken crockery or pebbles in the bottom for drainOne of the most popular of all of our Christmas age. Plant one cane to a pot so as to produce one

decorations is the poinsettia. Sometimes we find it bloom, if you want to use them for Christmas gifts,

in silver, gold, tinsel, or any shade to suit the artist's and then bury the pots in a row in the garden. In

fancy, on Christmas cards, wrapping paper, and winthis way, in the early fall before the first nippy dow displays of all kinds. The poinsettia plant itself weather, you can dig up the pot and take it into

comes in colors of pink, white, and red, but it is the the house for dressing up with foil in preparation brilliant glowing red one that warms our hearts at for Christmas. One cane will produce one bloom, two

Christmas time, as we receive it, either on Christmas canes, or a cane with a branch out on one side cards, or as a beautiful potted plant—the gift of friends. will produce two.

When we receive a poinsettia, all of us wish we If the plants in the garden seem to be getting too could keep it for another year and wonder the best tall and straggly for Christmas potting, cut the cane way to do so. Some have tried it unsuccessfully, and replant in the same way in August, and the

producing only tall, barren, stalky plants with green chances are they will bloom in time for Christmas, leaves and no red bracts the following Christmas. just as the others do.

But others have been able to keep them successfully It is almost impossible to keep some of the green from one year to the next. leaves from turning yellow and falling off. You can

You can sometimes keep the plants blooming up get around that bare appearance, by getting some until February, and then you can cut off the last green "fern fill,"that is a bunch of maidenhair fern blooms (dip the ends in boiling water) and put in or something similar, and adding it to the pot to low bowls for Valentine decorations. give the green effect which has been lost. However,

But if you want to try to keep them for another if the plants are kept warm and out of drafts, the year, you should take the pots with the withered sick leaves should not fall off. The temperature should

looking plants, which they are by this time, and carry be kept between 70 and 80 degrees F. in the daytime

them to the basement. Let them rest for about two and not lower than 65 degrees at night. Also your

months or even longer, without water. It seems that plants should have plenty of water, using slightly

rest and a warm dry soil are necessary, so put them warm water in cold weather. Do not water more

near the furnace where they will not chill and yet than once a day because the soil needs to dry out not get too hot. between waterings, so oxygen can reach the roots.

Bring them upstairs the last of April and water The poinsettia should be kept in a sunny place, if them well. They will begin to "perk"up and put possible, but really the kitchen is the best place to

out little shoots. About the ninth or tenth of May, keep potted Poinsettias, as there is lots of steam from

begin to make your cuttings. These are made by cooking and dishwashing, and they usually thrive best

cutting above a joint where the shoots are starting, there. Most living rooms are warm enough during

with enough of the old wood left at the bottom to the day, but not at night, so plants should be "slipstart your roots. It makes a V-shaped cutting, which covered"at night, either ( Continued on page 1112)

Oncefamilylong asagotheya smallwere boyreturningbecametolosttheirfromhomehis community from a visit to a large city where they had attended an important religious celebration.

With mounting anxiety they hastened back to the large city and tried to find him among their relatives and friends, but could not. Finally, after three days

of sorrowful searching, they found him "in the temple"with a group of older men, listening to them and asking them questions.

His mother, rejoicing at having found him, gently reproved him and told him of their sorrowful concern. "How is it that ye sought me?"he said, "wist

ye not that I must be about my Father's business?"

(Luke 2:49.)

The boy, of course, was Jesus, even then centering his life in teaching and blessing his Father's children.

"Ah, yes,"you say, "but that was Jesus."

True, this was the Savior of all mankind, doing, as a little boy, what he came to the earth to do. He

spent his life teaching and serving men and then died for all of us. When he left the earth, crucified

by those who did not understand his "Father's business,"he had finished the work he came to do here.

But before he returned to his Father, he assigned others to carry on his work. They were to teach and

serve his Father's other children. In our time, Christ

has again commissioned men to his "Father's business."

He has restored the priesthood, the authority under which his work is to go forward. He, being gone, has

assigned to others the work he did when he was here. Our Who has this responsibility to do his work on the

earth today?

You do! You have the assignment, the commission.

A lofty concept, but where do you start? What do

do? Fathers you

Why, where Jesus did when he was a small boy, by listening and teaching and serving.

From one of the classics of literature comes a wonderful bit of dialogue. In A Christmas Carol, Business Dickens has Scrooge say:

"... You were always a good man in business,

BY PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS Jacob."The ghost of Marley replied, "Business!"

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY he said. "Mankind was my business; charity, mercy,

forebearance, and benevolence were all my business.

The dealings of my trade were but a drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business."

As with Jesus, the work of every man is to do the "Father's business."The Father's business is to bless

and save mankind. This is his work and his glory,

"... to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life

of man."(Moses 1:39.) Marley, departed from this

earth, had the kernel of the truth. Every young and

older member of Christ's Church should clearly understand it also, in a special sense, and be acting on it everyday.

1044 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In chapter 58 of Isaiah in the Old Testament and in chapter 25 of Matthew in the New Testament are some specific suggestions as to what every one of us can do, if we will, to cooperate with our Heavenly

Father in blessing mankind.

"... deal thy bread to the hungry...."(Isa. 58:7.)

And "when thou seest the naked: cover him."We

must be interested in the material wants of our fellow men. We cannot say "be thou full"and expect

them to be full. We must share what we have.

".. satisfy the afflicted soul...."{Ibid., 58:10.)

Are not loneliness and hopelessness afflictions of the most grievous kind? Each of us has the capacity to

offer friendship, interest, sympathy. We can visit the

sick and the lonely. We can be thoughtful and compassionate and give a little of our time.

"... bring the poor that are cast out to your

house...."(Ibid., 58:7.)

There are many who are "poor"for lack of kindness. Is there anyone who has none of this to share

(and thus to build his supply of it)?

"... undo the heavy burdens... let the oppressed

go free "{Ibid., 58:6.)

Selfpity or bitterness, following the disappointment or seeming failure, is not this a heavy burden?

And depression and discouragement—are not these

terribly depressing? Who can measure the worth

of a gift of cheerfulness or encouragement?

"... break every yoke... loose the bands of wickedness...."(Ibid., 58:6.)

The world suffers more for want of truth, knowledge, faith, than for want of bread. Have you a

friend who lacks faith, who needs to know the program and promise of repentance? Pride, stub-:

bornness, ignorance, unbelief, sin, are terrible yokes IP for God's children to wear. Could you lift that yoke?

Would a word, a letter, an invitation from you, an invitation to faith, testimony, confidence, be a valuable gift to them?

"This is your Father's business!"

"... hide not thyself from thine own flesh...."

(Ibid., 58:7.)

How long since you expressed real appreciation to your parents or family? Are you spending some

"quality"time with them?—that is, giving them all of

yourself, your best self, while you are with them?

Could you give them any gift comparable to affection and appreciation? Sometimes we "hide"ourselves 'tt*--

from our loved ones even when we are living under the same roof.

At the first Christmas, those who loved Jesus centered their attentions and gifts around him. His life

taught them and all of us that the message of the heavenly hosts was the heart of his "Father's business"—give to God, and bring peace and goodwill to our

fellow men.

DECEMBER 1963 1045 The MIA Night Family Genealogy Class

At no other time in the history of these important classes.

the Church has genealogical reIt is, of course, impossible to make search been given greater emphasis. one general statement that would

Family genealogical classes, which explain why some wards have large are part of this increased genealogigenealogical classes while in other cal activity, should be held in each wards the classes are poorly atward of the Church on the same tended. It is obvious, however, that

night as MIA. These classes began the wellattended classes have been

in September 1963. given a great deal of publicity.

From reports received from a Some ward genealogical chairnumber of wards and stakes it apmen apparently believe in the old pears that the majority of wards are outdated and outmoded maxim offering these classes to their ward that "if you build a good mousetrap, members. Attendance at these famthe world will beat a path to your

ily genealogical classes varies a great door."They appear to think that if

deal. In some wards the classes have you plan a genealogical class, the

attracted over one hundred people; ward members will find out about

other wards report attendances of it and will flock to it without any between forty and fifty; while others publicity, encouragement, or invitahave reported that the members of tion. Such is not the case.

the ward genealogical committee Temple attendance and genealogihave been the only ones enrolled in cal research must be encouraged.

Pertinent Questions Answered It is true also that the Church strongly encourages question: I notice that a great deal of emphasis is family organizations to become efficient in research

being placed upon the importance of a research surprocedures so that they can carry out a planned vey. Members of the Church are now being instructed program of research activity.

to carry out a survey on their pedigrees before At the present time, there are no waiting lists for beginning any actual research work. research surveys. Requests for surveys will be handled

For those who live close to Salt Lake City such promptly, and a report of the survey should be in the an instruction presents no problem, for the research hands of the patron not more than two months after survey could be carried out personally. I also realize the request is received.

that we who live some distance from the Church can pay for a research survey to be carried out, but question: Research on part of my pedigree is being

I am told that there are waiting lists for surveys on done for me by the research department of the GeneDanish, Scottish, and Norwegian pedigrees and that alogical Society. I have not had a report from them

these waiting lists are as long as four years. since I placed my order there over six months ago.

The Genealogical Society, I understand is encourWhat is the reason for such a long delay?

aging families to carry out their own research. If such

research should precede with a research survey, what answer: After an order for research has been

can people with Danish, Scottish, and Norwegian placed, it may be some time before a report will be pedigrees do while they are waiting for their name received from the research department. Here are

to come to the top of one of the waiting lists? some of the reasons why:

1. Each of the researchers always has from several

answer: You have adequately pointed out the imweeks'to several months'work ahead of him.

portance of a research survey. This is one of the ways 2. In such areas as Scotland, Norway, Sweden, and

in which duplication of research efFort can be avoided. Denmark, where the majority of the genealogical rec1046 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The family genealogical classes must upon practical participation. Official texts are being prepared

be adequately publicized. And adeAll adult church members are encovering genealogical research in

quate publicity does not mean couraged to attend the family geneEngland and Wales, the United merely making announcements in alogical classes which are held under States, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, the various general meetings held the jurisdiction of the ward geneGermany, Scotland, and the Netherthroughout the Church. Ward genealogical committee. A series of lands. As these texts are published,

alogical committees should make official texts are being prepared and study guides will be prepared, and personal contact with ward families published by the Genealogical Soclasses will be offered on a ward or to explain the nature and scope of ciety to instruct church members in stake basis to those church members the church program of genealogical their family and individual programs who have completed the basic course.

education and invite and encourage of genealogical research. Church members, especially priestthem to attend the family genealogiAll church members, regardless of hood holders and their wives, are

cal classes. previous genealogical experience, encouraged to take advantage of the

For the first time in the history are encouraged to attend the class training in the family genealogical of the Church a comprehensive proon basic genealogical standards classes.

gram of genealogical education is which is now being held in their "Wherefore, now let every man available to all church members. ward. learn his duty, and to act in the

It is true that before people become Only on completion of this one office in which he is appointed, in interested in genealogy, they must year course, will church members be all diligence.

be motivated. But participation in ready to participate in one of the "He that is slothful shall not be

genealogical research does not end advanced classes in which will be counted worthy to stand, and he with motivation. Genealogical retaught the research methods and that learns not his duty and shows

search is practical, and the program procedures of the specific areas from himself not approved shall not be of genealogical education is based which their ancestors came. worthy to stand."(D&C 107:99400.)

ords are on microfilm in the library, the researchers States. Some of these are able to report within a few

examine the films personally and may work several weeks. Others may require as much as twelve months.

days exclusively for one patron. Because many These delays frequently result from their excellent

church members are unable to read records written services being in great demand. At other times they

in foreign languages, researchers specializing in these may have difficulty in getting permission to search areas are in great demand. It has been necessary, certain records.

therefore, to set up waiting lists in two of these areas, 4. Research is usually a stepby-step procedure, and

Scotland and Denmark, with the waiting time in some when it is conducted by correspondence, it is necesinstances amounting to several years. Even when a sary to wait until the results of one request have been

patron is notified that funds can be accepted, the received and studied before the second step can be researcher assigned may have some months'work taken. To extend a pedigree one generation may

ahead of him. require many such steps.

3. In other areas it is still necessary for researchers If you do not receive a report within a year after

to contact by correspondence record offices, ministers, placing your order, you are invited to contact the and field researchers. research department to determine the reason for

Record offices have limited staffs and sometimes the delay.

cannot reply for several weeks. Ministers are also

busy and sometimes do not answer our requests for question: Are there extensive waiting lists for reweeks, months, and even years. When a minister search surveys in any areas?

dies or moves to another parish, he may not be replaced for considerable time, making access to the answer: No. At the present time all requests for

parish registers difficult during that time. research surveys are accepted and reports on the

About 130 field researchers are used in England, results of the survey will be sent to you within a month

Ireland, Wales, continental Europe, and the United or two of receipt of your request.

DECEMBER 1963 1047 DALLIN H. OAKS

Associate Professor of Law, The University of Chicago Law

School.

Manythe SupremeAmericansCourt'shave recentbeen dismayeddecisions byon prayer in the public schools. Last year a

school board requirement that a prayer composed by the New York State Board of

Regents be said at the beginning of each school day was held unconstitutional. 1 This

year the court struck down Maryland and

Pennsylvania statutes that required the reading of the Lord's Prayer and other passages from the Bible each morning in the public schools of those states. 2

This article will not debate the wisdom feelingsAntidotes tor of those decisions. Whatever our

about them they represent the law of the land unless modified by later court action or constitutional amendment. It is expedient, therefore, to examine the court's reathe school soning and to consider what measures these

decisions leave open to parents and citizens who are concerned with the modern trend toward secularism, including agnosticism and prayer cases

atheism, in our public schools. English conflict over the content of the Book of

The Supreme Court found its authority for Common Prayer. It concludes that the men who

these decisions in the religion clause of the adopted the Constitution knew that one of the greatFirst Amendment to the United States Conest dangers to the individual's freedom of worship lay stitution: "Congress shall make no law rein the Government's giving official approval to one

specting an establishment of religion, or particular kind of prayer or religious service. 4

prohibiting the free exercise thereof...."The First Amendment, the court declared: "was

When this Amendment was adopted many of added to the Constitution to stand as a guarantee the ratifying states had "established"(statethat neither the power nor the prestige of the Federal approved or statesupported) religions. The Government would be used to control, support or inobvious intent of the Amendment was to fluence the kinds of prayer the American people can

forbid the federal government from making say—that the people's religions must not be subjected

a similar establishment of religion at the to the pressures of government for change each time national level. a new political administration is elected to office."5

The other constitutional provision on which Attempting to answer the argument that this ruling the Supreme Court relied was the first section indicated hostility toward religion or toward prayer, of the Fourteenth Amendment, added in 1868: the court conceded that this country had been built

"No State shall make or enforce any law and the Constitution had been adopted by men of which shall abridge the privileges or immunifaith in the power of prayer.

ties of citizens of the United States; nor shall But, said the court: "These men knew that the First

any State deprive any person of life, liberty, Amendment, which tried to put an end to governor property, without due process of law; nor mental control of religion and of prayer, was not

deny to any person within its jurisdiction the written to destroy either. They knew rather that

equal protection of the laws."it was written to quiet welljustified fears which

This provision was meant to place new renearly all of them felt arising out of an awareness strictions on the various states, but the meanthat governments of the past had shackled men's ing of the critical phrases, "privileges or tongues to make them speak only the religious immunities,""due process of law"and "equal thoughts that government wanted them to speak and protection of the laws,"were obscure. Conto pray only to the God that government wanted

sequently their meaning had to be defined ft them to pray to. It is neither sacrilegious nor antigradually by court opinions, ruling on indireligious to say that each separate government in this

vidual cases as they arose. Over the years country should stay out of the business of writing

or sanctioning official prayers and leave that purelythe broad interpretations of "due process"ft and "equal protection"have built these religious function to the people themselves and guarantees into the major bulwark of our to those the people choose to look to for relifreedom from unfair or repressive state action. gious guidance."6 ft In response to the acknowledged fact that the In a series of cases, beginning in the 1920's,

the Supreme Court declared that the FourRegent's prayer was a relatively insignificant estabreligion, restrictions the stateteenth court quoted on an answer by Amendment of of the First free author speech,included the same guarantees Amendment: action ft JameslishmentMadison,of

press, and religion that were protected against "It is proper to take alarm at the first experiment the action of the federal government by the on our liberties, * * * Who does not see that the

First Amendment. 3 In other words, by reason ft same authority which can establish Christianity, in

of the Fourteenth Amendment, the United exclusion of all other Religions, may establish with

States Constitution provided that the states the same ease any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other Sects? That the same authority"shall make no law respecting an establishft

ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exerwhich can force a citizen to contribute three pence cise thereof."This was the provision that only of his property for the support of any one estabthe Supreme Court held was offended by lishment, may force him to conform to any other ft

the states'requirement of prayer in the establishment in all cases whatsoever?"7

public schools. The court's conclusion is contained in this sentence:

In the New York case the court's opinion "Under that Amendment's prohibition against govreviews the history of governmental composed ernmental establishment of religion, as reinforced by prayers, particularly the long and bloody the provisions of the Fourteenth Amendment, govDECEMBER 1963 1048 eminent in this country, be it state or federal, machinery of the State to practice its beliefs. 15

is without power to prescribe by law any An important summary of the court's holding is particular form of prayer which is to be used contained in this passage:

as an official prayer in carrying on any pro- "It is insisted that unless these religious exercises gram of governmentally sponsored reliare permitted a religion of secularism'is established gious activity."8 in the schools. We agree of course that the State may

This opinion breathes resentment, not not establish a 'religion of secularism'in the sense against prayer, but against staterequired and of affirmatively opposing or showing hostility to restate-authored prayer. ligion, thus 'preferring those who believe in no

The second prayer cases concerned state religion over those who do believe.'Zorach v. Claulaws that required the recitation of the Lord's son, supra, [343 US.] at 314. We do not agree,

Prayer and Biblereading in a daily morning however, that this decision in any sense has that ceremony in the public schools. Here the effect. * * * Nothing we have said here indicates

court essentially repeated the doctrine of the that such study of the Bible or of religion, when first prayer case, but it made a greater effort presented objectively as part of a secular program of to emphasize that its ruling was not hostile education, may not be effected consistent with the toward religion1. The opinion begins with First Amendment. But the exercises here do not

the declaration that "the Founding Fathers fall into those categories. They are religious exercises,

believed devotedly that there was a God required by the States in violation of thecommand and that the unalienable rights of man were of the First Amendment that the Government mainrooted in Him...."9 tain strict neutrality, neither aiding nor opposThe court then lists the current evidences ing religion."16

of this background, such as prayers in legisThe significance of the court's observation that lative chambers, references to Deity in offithe state is also disabled from "affirmatively opcial oaths of office, and chaplains in the posing or showing hostility to religion"will be

Armed Services. The opinion makes no sugdiscussed hereafter.

gestion that any of these practices is invalid. The above summaries and quotations from the

that of the then introduces opinions taken school themes prayer from two The court cases were ideal of justices its opinion: court, subof the ninepervade seven an ft the to which (1) The

"absolute equality before the law, of all rescribed. The separate opinions of individual justices,

ligious opinions and sects"with a government which had such an impact in arousing public opinion that "is neutral, and, while protecting all, it ft about the decision, are purposely omitted from conprefers none, and it disparages none."10 sideration because they were not the views of a

( 2 ) A "complete and unequivocal"separation majority of the court. Thus, Justice Douglas'widely

of the governmental and religious funcft publicized opinion that "In God We Trust"on coins, tions. 11 This second idea is buttressed by chaplains for the Armed Services, religious sendees in

reemphasizing the oftenquoted rule that federal prisons and hospitals, etc. were unconstituneither the state nor the federal governtional 17 was an extreme view that no other Justice ft

ment "can pass laws which aid one religion, joined and one that was ignored or expressly rejected aid all religions, or prefer one religion by the majority opinions. 18

over another."12 The widespread public opposition to the Supreme ft

In applying these principles the court deCourt's prayer decisions has encouraged efforts to clared that the establishment clause of the determine how they could be avoided. Some publicall legislativeFirst "withdrew Amendment

belief or the exft schoolsystems educatorsmight continuehave alreadyschool prayersannouncedon somethat basistheir respecting religiouspdwer pression thereof."13 Consequently, the Maryto be worked out in the individual classrooms. Some

land and Pennsylvania laws requiring the use such arrangements could be distinguished from the of the Lord's Prayer in the public schools ft practices held unconstitutional by the Supreme Court.

were unconstitutional because of "the perIn each of the examples condemned by the court, vading religious character of the cerethe state, or one of its instrumentalities: (1) required

mony...."14 This ruling did not interfere that each school day begin with prayer; (2) authored

with the right to the "free exercise"of reor selected the exact prayer to be used; and (3) diligion, the court said, because that right "has rected that the exercise be held in the public school

never meant that a majority could use the building (4) under (Continued on page 1134)

lOSO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Reprinted from the Millennial Star, Vol. 80, 1918, p. 705.

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE.

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE, 19111933Jesus Is the Christ

Two national histories, separate and distinct, written 14. The restoration of the Holy Priesthood in the

on opposite hemispheres, unite in circumstantial testilatter days, by which the gospel would be again mony of the Lord Jesus Christ as the world's preached in power, and its ordinances administered

Redeemer; and these are embodied in independent for the salvation of men.

volumes of Scripture—The Holy Bible and Book 15. The assurance of our Lord's yet future return

of Mormon. to earth, in glory and judgment, to inaugurate the

The evidence of witnesses, whether individuals, predicted Millennium of peace and righteousness.

coteries or nations, refutes itself if it fails in con16. His eternal status as Judge of both quick and

sistency, mutual support, and agreement in all subdead, and the eventual Victor over sin and death.

stantiate. The most critical examination of these two In every particular, even to circumstantial detail,

compilations of Scripture as to this vital feature the Scriptures of the West accord with those of the is invited. East in their solemn witness to these portentous deAmong the outstanding facts of profoundest import velopments of the divine plan, which has for its

recorded in the Bible concerning Jesus Christ and purpose "the immortality and eternal life of man."

His mission are these: The voice of the continents, the independent testi-

1. His preexistence and antemortal Godship. monies of Judah and Ephraim, the Scriptures of the

2. His foreordination as the Redeemer and Savior Jews and those of the Nephites, are heard in tuneful

of mankind. harmony bearing true witness to the world of the

3. Predictions of His embodiments in the flesh, everlasting gospel of Jesus Christ.

as the Son of the Eternal Father and of mortal woman. In vindication of the prophets of both East and

4. The fulfilment of these predictions in His birth West, the Holy Priesthood has been restored to the

as Mary's Child. earth in this latter age, and the saving ordinances of

5. The sending of a forerunner, John the Baptist, the Lord's House are again administered for the

to prepare the way for the Lord's public ministry. salvation of souls. In this glorious restoration, coupled

6. Christ's earthly life, covering about a third of with the miraculous bringing forth of the Book of

a century, characterized by beneficent service, by auMormon, is found rich fulfilment of ancient prophthoritative administration, and by unexceptional ecy; for verily, "Truth has sprung out of the earth,

example. and righteousness has come down from heaven."

7. The establishment of His Church with duly or- (See Psalm 85:11.)

dained Apostles, who, with other ministers invested Now, in olden times at least two witnesses were with the Holy Priesthood, carried forward the work required to establish the truth of any important fact;

of salvation after the Lord's departure. and thus spake the Lord respecting the independent

8. The specific and authentic enunciation of the testimony of nations concerning Himself: "Wherefore

fundamental principles and ordinances of the gospel, murmur ye, because that ye shall receive more of my by which the way of salvation has been opened to all, word? Know ye not that the testimony of two naand without which none can abide in the kingdom tions is a witness unto you that I am God, that I

of God, these comprising: (1) Faith in Him as the remember one nation like unto another? Wherefore,

Son of God and the Redeemer of the world; (2) Re- I speak the same words unto one nation like unto

pentance of sin; (3) Baptism by immersion for the another. And when the two nations shall run toremission of sins; and (4) Bestowal of the Holy gether, the testimony of the two nations shall run

Ghost by the authoritative laying on of hands. together also.*** Wherefore, because that ye have a

9. The Lord's sacrificial and atoning death. Bible, ye need not suppose that it contains all my

10. His actual resurrection, whereby His spirit was words; neither need ye suppose that I have not caused

reunited with the crucified body, and He became a more to be written.*** For behold, I shall speak

glorified and immortalized soul. unto the Jews, and they shall write it; and I shall

11. His ministry as a Resurrected Being among also speak unto the Nephites, and they shall write it;

men. and I shall also speak unto the other tribes of the

12. His exaltation to the place He had won at the house of Israel, which I haye led away, and they

right hand of God the Eternal Father. shall write it; and I shall speak unto all nations of

13. The general apostasy of mankind from the the earth, and they shall write it.*** And it shall

gospel of Christ bringing about an era of spiritcome to pass that my people which are of the house ual darkness. of Israel, shall be (Continued on page 1112)

DECEMBER 1963 lOBI a

#1 111 tlCONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

HereTeacher, fm!

How often have we heard the vivacious outburst of a child who enters the classroom and, in the excitement, cannot refrain from wanting to be noticed and so exclaims, "Hi, teacher, I'm here!"

Or have we noticed on other occasions adults who, arriving to their meetings full of enthusiasm, as if they, too, even though maturity deems it otherwise, would like to say, "Teacher, I'm here!"

Does not this place a choice responsibility upon the shoulders of a teacher?

Just think of it for a moment! Sally has

a new dress, and she wants everyone to see it, especially her teacher. Bill

has been told by his mother that he must go to the meeting because his teacher will be glad to see him. Father is going

early this morning because he wants the class instructor to answer a question that has puzzled him all week. Each in his

own way is saying, "Teacher, I am here."

Now, teacher, what is your reaction?

You have been selected and called to guide your class on an exciting adventure through the prescribed course. You

are to affect the lives of your students for good and lead them into purposeful experiences. Do you realize just how

important you really are?

Sally's dress is new and is more important to her, at the moment, than the lesson you have prepared—a lesson which

she may never even hear unless you first see Sally as an individual and say just a word. And will Bill believe you

are happy to see him if you never say, "Hi, Bill, how are you?"or give some

other nod of recognition? Will you

listen while father asks the question that is important to him?

Yes, teacher, and what about Sue and

Tommy and Carol and Jane's father—

BY MAX W. CRANER, former director of the ephraim institute of religion, now on leave of absence.

and the many others who are there, the ones who are in spite of the disruptions that were created or the too shy to try to be noticed but who may have problack of participation he received, then he can be fairly lems or questions inside that should not be ignored? certain that his lesson—however wellprepared—did not

They will not exuberantly exclaim that they are there; accomplish its objective and that he fell short in conbut, teacher, their very presence (or sometimes the veying to his students the understanding that, "I'm

lack of it) should convey to you that, "I'm here—glad you're here!"

please teach me!"Teacher, are you glad your pupils are there? If

How does a teacher know who needs attention? so, you have undoubtedly tried to learn each student's

and what kind? and in what way? and at what time? name. No sound is ever so sweet to a person as that

Perhaps, it would be just as easy to explain what of his own name. The Lord gave the commandment

salt tastes like to one who has never tasted it or to that his name not be used in derision or abused.

explain the "rainbow's end"to a child, as to try to Likewise, we treasure our own names.

answer these questions specifically; but, in general, Teacher, do you know why Johnny is shy? why

the true teacher knows that every student must be Jane insists on being the class showoff? why Betty

recognized as an individual and that he—the teacherdoes not "fit in"? and why Jim is actually belligerent?

must have "extrasensory"powers and a special Do you know any of the backgrounds of these young "intuition"with which only they who truly teach people? There is, undoubtedly, a reason for each

have developed. child's behavior, in and out of the classroom; but,

The writer happened into a classroom one day teacher, you may be the only one who can help a where the teacher, with her face in the manual, was certain class member—the only one who seemingly

reading word for word the assigned pages as they cares—the only one who might make the difference

had been printed. The room was in a state of conof helping the child choose the right way. Do you

fusion—children playing, writing on each other, care enough? That is, do you care enough about

crawling under the benches, and doing other irrelevant these students to make sure that they become indithings; and yet the teacher, in total devotion to her viduals and not remain just part of a group? Are you

lesson material, was oblivious to those whom she willing to devote time and effort outside the classroom, would teach. if it will help to make a student better understood

Here was a situation where the children should and more teachable? If so, then it will be with

have chorused in unison, "Teacher, don't forget gratitude that your students will say, "Teacher, we're here!"How often have you, a teacher, been I'm here."

guilty of teaching lessons but not students? Are you devoted enough to prepare? A teacher

Too often situations are found where the whole should always be preparing. It is not characteristic

intent of the teacher is to "give"the lesson material of a dedicated teacher to set aside a time and say, without first thinking of preparing the "receivers.""Now I'll prepare my lesson, and then I'll be through."

Volumes have been written about the proper physical The teacher who is going to inspire must include environment of an ideal classroom: adequate lighting, many little dayby-day examples in his lessons; his

proper seating, comfortable temperature, an abuneyes are always open for a "jewel"that will thrill dance of visual aids, and other aspects. Each of these and inspire. Life's experiences can aptly be used as a

must be given due consideration, of course, but not springboard into a lesson. Manuals are given only

to the exclusion of making certain that the "mental as maps or insights to be followed and not as chains climate"of the classroom is at its best for all concerned. to bind.

When a teacher dismisses a class and feels that In the classroom, the situation can be likened to all went well because he "covered"the entire lesson that of a theater with (Continued on page 1112)

DECEMBER 1963 1053 %***%*%mm:,., m '."* %*%-*#%g%

\* f- 1ftfJP.Jr-* *y J

fJ"*s- ijtfl TL,f*ri /> V1,<r jf- \i

> # r 3fti T-i-*.t-\l"i'l.'* '- E1 t

w * - mi

* HI r %t

lass* 133rd SEMIANNUAL GENERAL CONFERENCE OCTOBER 1963

::::- ''::...::.. '/. i\ ll\

a US- * r *:S'-.. oHBm'- uVR'-

.'/'/iVjwB EJni #'*/)* J'1 i *

, Vt'-*ftl%, 4"it t: sip*. f f 9Bg *? 0% *t k, - %. ySW"%

'?: is—-: '71.'-V s

,-... ''*- 2 a::: V-..irf* 'JT -.

I

"*. * m

*% Tf jfe

r

J?ii

-r ished the ancient prophet, "and rememinclined plane. Dupes of an illusion

ber that ye are free to act for yourselves."forever repeated, they think: 'Just a few

(2 Nephi 10:23.) steps more, the last, toward the thing

Freedom of speech, freedom of action down there that we covet; then we will

within boundaries that do not infringe halt.'But the velocity they gain sweeps

upon the liberty of others are man's them on, and the further they go the inherent right—divine gifts "essential to less able they are to resist it.

human dignity and human happiness.""Here is the secret of the unrest, the

What a travesty on human nature madness, of many of our contemporaries.

when a person or a group of persons, Having condemned their will to the though endowed with a consciousness of service of their appetites, they suffer the being able to rise in human dignity to penalty. They are delivered up to viorealms indiscernible by lower creatures, lent passions which devour their flesh,

yet will still be content to obey animal crush their bones, suck their blood, and THE TRUE instincts, without putting forth efforts cannot be sated. This is not a lofty

to experience the joy of goodness, purity, moral denunciation. I have been lisPURPOSE OF selfmastery, and faith that spring from tening to what life says, and have

TIFE* compliance to moral rules! How tragic recorded, as I heard them, some of the

it is when man, made a "little lower truths that resound in every square.

President David O. McKay thanand honour"the angels(Psalmand crowned8:5), willwithcontentglory of "Hasnew drunkenness,drinks, foundinventivethe meansas it ofis

all. to thirst? grovel plane. himself the at animal on quenching It might Not

I prayers, for pray your your sympathy, liberty thirst art of has rather love the be called "This which making God of

Iwhile say the opening a few words at us,"said Lincoln, in libertinage, planted inextinguishable. does Frank Abraham

of this great conference.

is man, "What that thou art mindful "constitutesand independence.the bulwarkIt is notof ourour libertyformiitit deadenenvenomsthe it,stingconvertsof thenaturalsenses? desireNo;

of of that the and son thou him? man, seacoasts, bristling it or battlements, obsession dable into a morbid and makes

visitest him? is in in the defense or passion. Navy. our Let your needs the Our dominant

hast "For thou a little him made heritage prizes spirit liberty as the see you, which rule will pamper them—you

angels, the hastlower than crowned and all in all everywhere. lands of like insects in the multiply sun. men them

(Psalm honour."with glory andhim spirit, this planted have Destroy they and give the them, we more more you The

8:4-5.) is our seeds at the senseless seeks own of despotism doors."demand. who He

living things can and other Animals of is bondage, opposite freedom prosperity in material for happiness The in their kind onlygrow and reproduce inrestraint, servility, conditions that place of the in alone... needs,. Our

of natureaccordance laws with the fixed stifle the spirit, and mentality, hibit be, a servants that they should become earth the "Let divineand the command, to compel crush legion seditious manhood. a crowd, turbulent To coerce, and

after his forth living creaturebring the is servitude into to bring the individual in tyrants enslaved of miniature. man A thing, cattle,kind, creeping and and the plan for the to best human communist compared be his needs to may."

.. after his of kind:beast earth the its that in family. ring nose a bear a with

(Gen. 1:24.) Aside from resisting such oppression led about and made to dance at will.is

Man, in his physical organism being from without, each individual carries The likeness is not flattering, but you material and chemical the same as that within himself the responsibility of livwill grant that it is true.

of the animal, also is subject to the aping nobly or ignobly. Daily every "It is only by direct action on youth

petites, passions, of other cravings and is faced choice the person with normal that a better can be successfully is physicalthe body. him, however, To of to designated submission Paul what All moulded. societypseudomysticisms—social, specialgiven a benot endowment flesh,"of (Gal. the the "works 5:19) philosophical reor be political—must

thing. livingstowed other upon any fruits of for of the or reaching upward ideal, the the by Christian placed only

into the "breathed CreatorWhen joy, "love, Spirit, are peace, his the which liberty based respect the one on and of life,nostrils of the breath and man faith, gentleness, longsuffering, goodness, dignity. repeople have human When living soul,"a gavebecame him God (Ibid., 5:2223.) temperance."meekness, the education, ceived they when same

(Ibid,, choice.the 2:7.) Only power of today in the world seem Conditions rules the think obey moral and same

to Creator did the the being human to that too indicate beings human many easily universally, they accept not do "... forsay: thychoose thou mayest far living are very the not above animal other are idea fighting each the and of

..."itself, thee. for is given unto thieving, plane. deception, Cunning, understanding. very near an

3:17.) intended(Moses As God man lying, brutality, cruelty, conwarring nations constituted the "Today by

it as he, thatto necessary was become still all even too flicts are common individuals possessing but their own first free. should him makeHe nations. Christian among life exist to independent conwant and the with endowed was Thus man in Life Simple Charles The Wagner all their efforts centrate this toward

greatest blessing that given to can be against this impressive gives warning goal, in sincerely interest the sometimes beings the agency.mortal gift of free desires: in indulgence animal their of in solely members, sometimes

this choose, to divine powerWithout eat, lives to drink, sleep, "He who interest of their leaders of the or what progress. cannothumanity his dress, take pamper is latter believe ideal the superior an walk—in

this enspecial upon Commenting it all that the himself he individual. of that to the Governments, can—beshort, scientist, Le- a leading Dr.dowment, in courtier the sun, basking the drunken evidently, their protect to the duty have

comte du Nouy in Human Destiny said: laborer, the commoner serving his belly, countries against enemies, for in so doliberty conscience, giving"By and man toilettes, the in her woman absorbed protect individual ing they the which

part of abdicated omnipoHis aGod or the profligate of low estate are represent. to high, or they supposed But

tence in favor of His creature and this simply the ordinary pleasurelover, a they also have the duty to prepare the of inrepresents the spark God man fellow,'to 'good too obedient matebut future spreading the by light and by is is real, you'). within Liberty('God is rial or that on needs evil."woman attacking man the roots of the

it."for to refused Himself trammel God desire, the and way the downward of We sing: "... hearts,"cheer your admonup it is fatal. descent follow Those who

Address delivered Friday morning, October 4, 1963. obey the same laws as a body on an "In sylvan depth and shade,

1056 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In forest and in glade, scious of a desire to come in touch with disaster which almost seems defeat,

Where'er we pass, the Infinite. His spirit reaches out for who have become somewhat soured in

The hand of God we see God. This sense of feeling is universal, their natures; but if they stop to think,

In leaf and bud and tree and all men ought to be, in deepest even the adversity which has come to

Or bird or humming bee truth, engaged in the same great work them may prove a means of spiritual

Or blade of grass."—Emmeline B. Wells thespiritualsearchpeacefor andand thefreedom.development of uplift.ward andAdversitynot awayitselffrommay Godlead andtoEach one of us is the architect of spiritual enlightenment; and privation

We drive up the canyons and thrill his own fate, and he is unfortunate inmay prove a source of strength if we with the glory of nature bedecked in deed who will try to build himself can but keep the sweetness of mind and the brilliance of her autumn colors and without the inspiration of God; without spirit. "Sweet are the uses of adversity,"

find ourselves interested in the story of realizing that he grows from within, said Shakespeare, "which, like the toad, past ages as we pass in rapid succession not from without. ugly and venomous, wears yet a precious

the everlasting cliffs of conglomerate, Trees that can stand in the midst of jewel in his head."

granitelike strata of gneiss and limethe hurricane often yield to the destroyIf you have lived true to the promptstone or pause with the poet and ing pests that we can scarcely see with ings of the Holy Spirit, and continue pluck a a microscope. Likewise the greatest to do so, happiness will fill your soul.

foes of humanity today are the subtle If you vary from it and become con- "Flower in the crannied wall, and sometimes unseen influences at scious that you have fallen short of

I pluck you out of the crannies, work in society that are undermining what you know is right, you are going

I hold you here, root and all, in my the manhood and womanhood of today. to be unhappy even though you have

hand, The test, after all, of the faithfulness the wealth of the world.

Little flower—but if I could understand and effectiveness of God's people is an And now a word to the young:

What you are, root and all, and all individual one. What is the indiIn their yearning for a good time,

in all, vidual doing? young people are often tempted to in-

I should know what God and man is."Every temptation that comes to you dulge in the things which appeal only

—Tennyson and me comes in one of three forms: to the baser side of humanity, five of

(1) A temptation of the appetite or the most common of which are: first,

But earth in all its majesty and wonpassion; vulgarity and obscenity; second, drinkder is not the end and purpose of (2) A yielding to pride, fashion, or ing and petting; third, unchastity;

creation. "... my glory"says the Lord vanity; fourth, disloyalty; and, fifth, irreverence.

himself, "(is) to bring to pass the im- (3) A desire for worldly riches or Vulgarity is often the first step down mortality and eternal life of man."power and dominion over lands or the road to indulgence. To be vulgar is

(Moses 1:39.) And man in exercising earthly possessions of men. to give offense to good taste or rethe divine gift of free agency should feel Such temptations come to us in our fined feelings.

in duty bound, should sense the obligasocial gatherings; they come to us in It is only a step from vulgarity to

tion to assist the Creator in the our political strivings; they come to us obscenity. It is right, indeed essential,

accomplishment of this divine purpose. in our business relations, on the farm, to the happiness of our young people

The true end of life is not mere existin the mercantile establishment; in our that they meet in social parties, but it

ence, not pleasure, not fame, not wealth. dealings in all the affairs of life we is an indication of low morals when

The true purpose of life is the perfection find these insidious influences working. for entertainment they must resort to

of humanity through individual effort, It is when they manifest themselves to physical stimulation and debasement.

under the guidance of God's inspiration. the consciousness of each individual that Drinking and petting parties form an

Real life is response to the best within the defense of truth should exert itself. environment in which the moral sense

us. To be alive only to appetite, pleaThe Church teaches that life here is becomes dulled, and unbridled passion

sure, pride, moneymaking, and not to probationary. It is man's duty to beholds sway. It then becomes easy to

goodness and kindness, purity and love, come the master, not the slave of nature. take the final step downward in

poetry, music, flowers, stars, God and His appetites are to be controlled and moral disgrace.

eternal hopes, is to deprive one's self of used for the benefit of his health and When, instead of high moral princithe real joy of living. the prolongation of his life—his pasples, a life of immoral indulgence is

In man's life, this physical stage, man sions mastered and controlled for the chosen, and man or woman gets far finds activity in two phases: first in the happiness and blessing of others. down in the scale of degeneracy, disstruggle for livelihood and comforts; Man's greatest happiness comes from loyalty is an inevitable part of his or

and, second in the tendency to grovel. losing himself for the good of others. her nature. Loyalty to parents becomes

The first is natural and most commendThe advancement of science and the quenched; obedience to their teachings

able. The second is debasing, and new discoveries from the dawn of hisand ideals abandoned; loyalty to wife

when unrestrained leads one to the level tory to the present are the results of the and children smothered in base gratifiof animals. When a man harbors the efforts of men who have been willing cation; loyalty to Church impossible,

thought that he will obtain a livelito sacrifice themselves if necessary for and often supplanted by sneers at hood by injuring his neighbor, that mothe cause of truth. its teachings.

ment he begins to circumscribe his "What pains and tears the slightest Spirituality is the consciousness of viclife; bitterness replaces happiness; sorstep forward of man's progress have tory over self and of communion with

didness supplants generosity; hatred cost! Every hairbreadth forward has the Infinite. Spirituality impels one to

takes the place of love, and beastliness been in the agony of some soul, and conquer difficulties and acquire more takes the place of humanity. humanity has attained blessing after and more strength. To feel one's

Generally there is in man a divinity blessing of all its vast achievement of faculties unfolding and truth expanding which strives to push him onward and good with bleeding feet."the soul is one of life's sublimest experiupward. We believe that this power We must not lose sight of the fact, ences. Being true to self and being

within him is the spirit that comes however, that these great leaders of the loyal to high ideals develops spirituality.

from God. Man lived before he came world were more than compensated by The real test of any religion is the kind

to this earth, and he is here now to the supreme joy that comes from of man it makes. Being "honest, true,

strive to perfect the spirit within. At achievement. chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in

sometime in his life, every man is conToday there are those who have met doing good to all men"are virtues

DECEMBER 1963 1057 which contribute to the highest acquisiof so vast an audience would be overof Jesus Christ, its present status, and its tion of the soul. It is the "divine in whelming were it not for the knowledge prophetic destiny.

man, the supreme, crowning gift that that divine assistance is available On biblical authority we affirm that makes him king of all created things, through prayers of faith. a divine plan for man's salvation was

the one final quality that makes him During recent months, both in Salt formulated by God the Father before tower above all other animals."Lake City and across the nation, conthe foundations of the earth were laid

Let us ever keep in mind that life is siderable interest has been expressed in when all the sons of God shouted for largely what we make it, and that the the position of The Church of Jesus joy at the prospect of mortality. (See

Savior of men has marked clearly and Christ of Latterday Saints on the matter Job 38:7.)

plainly just how joy and peace may of civil rights. We would like it to be At a time far antedating Eden, the

be obtained. It is in the gospel of Jesus known that there is in this Church no spirits of all men had a primeval existChrist and adherence thereto. Do your doctrine, belief, or practice that is inence and were intelligences with spirit

duty matter and rehumble no how of full the enjoyment to deny tended of bodies universal which was God of difficulties facesolve in the even rights civil of regardless person any by Father. In the read, Bible "Then we

be: toand discouragements color, creed. race, or dust to shall the return the as it earth

said as again, have say spirit shall the we was: many return and unto We faces"Like the must he what who man all that believe before, that times it."(Eccles. the 12:7.) we gave who God of a heart step and triumphantWith of the children the are God, same told that men Lord he Jeremiah The knew cheer;

it is evil for a that moral any and his before formed was body him and battle daily fights without theWho of to persons or person deny any group sanctified a ordained him and him fear;

Sees his hopes fail, yet keeps unfaltering human being the right to gainful emprophet unto the nations. (Jer. 1:4.)

trust ployment, to full educational opportuAnd the Apostle Paul testified:

That God is God."justnity,asandit isto aeverymoralprivilegeevil to ofdenycitizenship,him the our"Furthermoreflesh whichwecorrectedhave hadus,fathersand weof

to the dicgave them reverence: shall we not much Years ago I learned that—right to worship according

tates of his own conscience. rather be in subjection unto the Father

persistently consistently and live?"of 12:9.) spirits, and (Heb. We have world wants"The men men—true of the Constitution United the upheld this existence antemortal During in a or sold; be bought cannotWho

Men who will scorn to violate truth States, and as far as we are concerned council in the heavens with God the genuine gold."this means upholding the constitutional Father on the throne, there was one

rights of every citizen of the United who challenged God, desiring to usurp

That is the kind of men who stand States. his power and force all men to do his

at the head of our stakes, wards, quoWe call upon all men, everywhere, bidding. He coveted Godhood and said

rums, and organizations. That is a both within and outside the Church, to to the Father, "Give me thy glory."He

responsibility they carry. God help commit themselves to the establishment would have had a dictatorship in heaven

them in discharging their duty faithfully of full civil equality for all of God's ruled by tyrants with all spirit chiland responding to our Father in heaven children. Anything less than this dedren bondmen.

who says, "... this is my glory—to feats our high ideal of the brotherhood Chief among that vast assembly was

bring to pass the immortality and eterof man. Jehovah, the same who would become

nal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) Attending a Mormon conference is, no the Christ Child, the Redeemer. He

God help us as leaders in the restored doubt, to some a new experience. Perwas the Firstborn among the spirits, and

Church, I pray in the name of Jesus haps some may wonder, as did Nathanby birthright was both heir and leader.

Christ. Amen. ael in the days of Christ regarding He opposed the plot to rob men of their

Nazareth, and ask, "Can any good thing freedom and espoused the counter come out of 'Mormondom'?"For the proposition with free agency as the

moment we reply in the words of watchword.

Philip, who simply said to Nathanael, All who favored the Messiah would be "Come and see."(See John 1:46.) We given mortal bodies with the seeds of

welcome all of you and hope the time death implanted in them. They would

you spend with us will be enlightening have the right to choose their course in and profitable. life and accept responsibility for their

In this fantastically changing world, conduct. Their bodies would return to

THE whereold ideasold aremethods,being replacedold models,by newand thethe dustvoluntaryfrom whichatonementthey came.of Christ,Througha

substitutes, it is well revolutionary of resurrection the Godhead, member reeverywhere FIGHT andthat church leaders dead from the to all. guaranteed was

examine and reappraise their creeds and Another blessing of mortality would be BETWEEN courageously seek for the causes of the the Godlike power of procreation.

religion. Against this plan the proud, defiant GOOD AND waning interest in

led are great of Lucifer a period rebellion, passing through a oneand all intellectual spirits reconstruction third of EVIL* radicalWe the followed him. and

spiritual unrest. We must think about John tells us in the book of Revelation:

President Hugh B. Brown religion in order to formulate an intel- "... there was war in heaven: MiOf the First Presidency lectual understanding of it. And intelchael and his angels fought against the

lectual understanding is just as needful dragon; and the dragon fought and

As one beholds the thousands who are in religion as anywhere else. We must his angels,

assembled here and is aware that hunnot permit the surface of the waters of "And prevailed not; neither was their

dreds of thousands are listening by religious life to become fixed and crystalplace found any more in heaven.

means of radio and television, the relized by the freezing of religious thought. "And the great dragon was cast out,

sponsibility of directing the thinking For a moment may we consider the that old serpent, called the Devil, and 'Address delivered Sunday morning, October 6, 1963. divine and historic basis of the Church Satan, which deceiveth the whole world:

toss THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he was cast out into the earth, and his kill the Christ Child, and in his max in the Meridian of Time when angels were cast out with him."slaughter of the infants, he set a new Christ was resurrected from the dead.

(Rev. 12:7-9.) low mark for even Satan. From the beginning he had been the

The Prophet Isaiah knew of this But this Babe of mortal mother was central figure of salvation's plan. The

when he wrote: also the Son of God the Father and Jews had looked forward through the

"How art thou fallen from heaven, could not be defeated by mortal men centuries to the coming of Messiah, to a

O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art or devils. Satan, failing in his vile deliverer of the line of David sent of

thou cut down to the ground, which attempt, cunningly decided to bide his God, but despite the prophecies and the didst weaken the nations! time until the Child had grown to mansigns that were given them, they failed

"For thou hast said in thine heart, I hood, and then he hoped to win by to recognize, and therefore they rewill ascend into heaven, I will exalt artifice where force had failed him. jected him when he came.

my throne above the stars of God: I But here again Satan blundered in The same prophets who so accurately

will sit also upon the mount of the conthinking Christ was only mortal. He foretold the earthly advent of Messiah

gregation, in the sides of the north: thought his own power would more were also given visions and revelations

"I will ascend above the heights of than equal that of his young opponent. regarding his second coming. Their

the clouds; I will be like the most High."After forty days of fasting, Jesus met warning messages are recorded in the

(Isa. 14:1214.) this wily tempter who suggested that Holy Bible, and they are the signs by

Adam, because of disobedience, was he satisfy his hunger by making bread which the people of the latter days evicted from the Garden of Eden; the of stones and thus manifest his power. might be forewarned and guided.

door was closed behind him and his He tried to sow seeds of pride and arroFor instance, in Psalms we read that posterity, and the tree of life was gance, two vices of his own. But Christ fire should devour before him, while

guarded by a flaming sword as we read disclaimed dependence upon bread Joel saw as signs of his coming that in 'Genesis. (Gen. 3:24.) Mortal birth alone. He lived "by every word prothe moon should be darkened and the

erases recollection of that spiritual preceeding from the mouth of God."stars withdraw their shining. To Zachexistence and the memory of premortal Having failed to make appetite and ariah it was revealed that his feet

life is as a feeble echo, and yet, as we pride a strong temptation, Lucifer should stand upon the Mount of Olives, sometimes sing, "a secret something thought promise of power would be which should cleave in the midst thereof whispers you're a stranger here, and appealing—love of power, the very rock toward the East and the West, and

we feel that we have wandered from a on which he himself had foundered. Malachi predicted that he would sudmore exalted sphere."But Christ disdained this offer, too, and denly come to his temple and that he

The fate of all seemed hopeless when refused to flaunt his matchless power. should be like a refiner's fire and like

sin and death joined hands to shut them The third and last attempt to lure him fuller's soap. Job referred to our day

out forever, and Satan leered in triwas to offer worldly wealth in exchange when he said:

umph at what seemed to be Christ's for his allegiance. And Satan heard the "For I know that my redeemer liveth,

failure. Men had no power to conquer final words: and that he shall stand at the latter

death, and without divine assistance "... Get thee behind me, Satan:..."day upon the earth."(Job 19:25.)

would sleep forever in their graves. (See Luke 4:4-8.) While these and many other propheThe atonement was foreshadowed Satan found his next ally among those cies were made prior to the birth of

when Adam offered sacrifice, and each who followed Jesus. Judas thought, like Christ in Bethlehem, certainly most of

prophet who succeeded him was told many since, that worldly wealth is gain, the events to which they refer did not about Christ's mission. The scene of no matter how procured. He sold his occur before his birth, nor were they

battle shifted, but the war between good Master for a price and transferred his fulfilled during his lifetime.

and evil still continues among the sons allegiance for which he received full Many men have tried to appraise of men. pay in Satan's coin of misery and death. Christ since his transcendent ministry

Christ had power to conquer death The fight went on, and Christ was began. Their estimates of him have

by himself becoming mortal. He would crucified, but he was not defeated, for ranged from blasphemous denunciation

reach across the valley and build a he held power over death. He yielded to selfsacrificing worship. Some ask

straight and narrow highway by which to physical death of his own volition whether such a man ever really lived men could pass from death to life. He that, dying, he might conquer death or was he just a myth; was he an opbuilt a bridge, one end of which was and thereby open the door which Adam portunist, sentimentalist, or social revoother in mortality the Christanchored and in Eden. in death But had closed lutionist; or a possibly a man of genius,

victorious, thefixed in heaven. cometh achieved for he "... no man was purwise a doer of man, wonderful works,

unto the Father, but by me,"he said pose of his earth life, viz., to break the or a great teacher? But if we consult

(John 14:6); and again, "I am the way bonds of death, to come forth from the the men who were closest to him, the

and the life."grave and insure man's resurrection. men who followed him onto the

So Christ was born in Bethlehem and His little band of loyal followers Mount of Transfiguration, we shall entered the world of mortal men which continued faithful unto death, and learn that he was "... the Christ, the

Beelzebub had thought belonged to him death it was for most of them, includSon of the living God."(Matt. 16:16.)

alone. The battle lines were drawn ing the apostles. Apostasy became uniWe ask each and all who are listening

again with the Messiah and the loyal versal, and Satan reveled throughout today to make his own appraisal of sons of God on one side and Lucifer the Dark Ages when it seemed that his Jesus of Nazareth and determine and his cohorts on the other. sovereignty was established. whether or not he is the Christ, the

At the moment of Christ's birth, But special messengers were sent to Son of God. For ourselves we humbly

Satan plotted his destruction and tried earth to effect a reformation and prebear witness to this transcendent fact.

by force to thwart his divine mission. pare the way for the final scene and In the gospel of John he is referred to

But the rule of force, so far as his the promised restoration. as the Word, who was with God in

Son was concerned, had been vetoed by The message of Mormonism is that the beginning, who was God, by whom the Father. The devil has always had the plan of salvation of which we've all things were made. He was the life

willing tools on earth, and at this time spoken is the gospel of Jesus Christ. It and the light of men who was made

Herod was his agent. He was cruel was taught in every dispensation from flesh and dwelt among us. (See John

and wily like his master; he sought to Adam to Malachi and reached its cli- 1:1-3, 14.)

DECEMBER 1963 IOS9 The Apostle Paul declared: stand before the throne of God to be the Lord hath commanded, for I know

"God,... judged out of the records, each accordthat the Lord giveth no commandments

"Hath in these last days spoken unto ing to his merits. Death and hell reunto the children of men, save he shall

us by his Son, whom he hath appointed leased their captives, and the sea gave prepare a way for them that they may heir of all things, by whom also he up its dead, while the angels sang accomplish the thing which he commade the worlds;"(Heb. 1:1-2.) hcsannah to the Prince of Peace, mandeth them."(1 Nephi 3:7.)

And in the eighth verse of the same their Lord: I humbly thank you all for your conchapter he said: We bear humble testimony that Jesus fidence and sustaining vote, and pledge

"But unto the Son he saith, Thy of Nazareth is the Savior and Redeemer to all of you and to these, my brethren throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a of the world and that he will return and colleagues, whom I love so much,

sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre and reign personally upon the earth. and whom I sustain with all my heart,

of thy kingdom."(Ibid., 1:8.) At that time the people on the earth and to you, President McKay, as the

It is doubtful if his divinity, his will join with the hosts of heaven and Lord's representative, and to God himpower, and his leadership were ever sing: "The kingdom of this world is self, everything with which the Lord

challenged with such audacity and become the kingdom of our Lord, and has blessed me for the building up of ferocity as they are being challenged of his Christ: And He shall reign for the kingdom of God.

now. Never in history have the comever and ever, King of Kings, and Lord I thank God for my loyal and devoted

mon people of the world felt the need of Lords."(Handel, George Frederick, wife and family whom I love so much

of divine leadership as they feel it in The Messiah.) This testimony we bear and who have always sustained and

this bewildered world. There never to all the world in the name of Jesus strengthened me with their inspirawas a time which needed him more, Christ. Amen. tion, loyalty, faith, and prayers and

as false ideologies and scientific miracles who will continue to sustain me in this are leading the world to the brink new calling.

of annihilation. I thank my Heavenly Father for the

There are men and nations today wonderful privilege that I have had of who are attempting to displace God, associating with these fine men, for the to ban religion, and to make this a influence they have had in my life and godless world. The present war between for the encouragement and strength they

is in fulfilmentChrist and antiChrist given have me. for the I thank And God "I WILL I harbingerof prophecy a signal privilege and is itself associating have had of

or forerunner of the millennium. so closely with, and feeling the great GO spirit and influence of, our beloved PresWe plead with all Christians everywhere to attest their faith in him by AND DO ident David O. McKay. All that has

keeping his commandments. His work been written and said about him, asof redemption is not complete nor will THE he has just passed his ninetieth birthday,

until his gospel it be portray is written in not cannot the great-. w* does the and THINGS

lives hearts and ness of of men. that been chosen has as a him The fact who

resurrected thehe was of Presiprophet God is now and who dead—the N. Eldon Tannerbest in fact attested of of us President Christ Jesus Church dent of The fromhistory—assures

First Presidency Of the lives. stillthat he has promised Latterday of He kingdom God Saints—the

that he will come again. All who read here upon the earth. It is impossible to

the prophecies of scripture and note the My beloved President David O. McKay, appreciate or estimate the tremendous

signs of our own times must be conPresident Brown, and brothers and influence for good that he has exerted vinced that we are living in the last sisters: It is with great difficulty and a upon all mankind. The closer that one

days, that the great events foretold by feeling of deep humility that I stand is to him, and the more he is permitted the prophets have been and are being before you in response to this high to associate with him, the stronger one's enacted on the stage of contemporary honor and heavy responsibility that has testimony becomes that he is a prophet history. Let us recognize in current been bestowed upon me, one of thy of God.

events the portents, or prognosis of the most humble servants, the weakest and It is with sadness that I mention the great finale. least prepared of all. I humbly pray absence of our beloved friend and colJohn, while on the Isle of Patmos, that the spirit and blessings of the Lord league, President Henry D. Moyle,

saw in vision things to come; heard will attend me as I stand before you whom we all miss so much, and whose

ten thousand angels singing praises to this morning. passing makes these changes necessary.

the Son of God. And they joined with I am sure that my call to this position His family, his friends, his Church, his

a shock to manyevery creature in earth sufcountry of you, community, and his have

It is certainly and heaven—all mustas it haveis to beenme. another loss. accord saying: onewith were fered a tremendous a lovHe was

"... Blessing, and honour, and glory, evidence of the fact that God moves in a ing husband and father, a true and

and power, be unto him that sitteth mysterious way, his wonders to perform. loyal friend, a thoughtful neighbor, a

upon the throne, and unto the Lamb Only because these, my colleagues, devoted member and capable leader of for ever and ever."(Rev. 5:13.) have such a strong testimony that we the Church. He was always working

And he saw another angel flying in are led by a prophet of God can they for the good of his country and the the midst of heaven, saw him bring to sustain me in this position. I humbly betterment of mankind. I wish to exearth the gospel for every nation, kinpray that as they sustain the prophet press my love and sympathy to Sister

dred, tongue, and people. He saw the in his decision that they, knowing my Moyle and her family and pray that

lake without a bottom, and the dragon weakness, will continue to pray for me the Spirit of the Lord will accompany bound with chains, saw one thousand and give of their strength which I need and strengthen them and give them years of concord, peace, and rest. And so badly, and with that assurance, my courage to carry on.

he saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, brothers and sisters, I can humbly say as At this time, I should like to welcome coming down from God out of heaven, did Nephi of old: Brother Thomas Monson, whom I suswith his earthly kingdom to be joined. "I will go and do the things which tain with all my heart.

Then he saw the small and great ones *Address delivered Friday morning, October 4, 1963. I have not words to express my deep

1060 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA love for the Lord and my gratitude to vealed from the heavens for the beneout of the land of Egypt; which my

him for his many blessings unto me and fit of all the inhabitants of the world. covenant they brake, although I was an

mine, and I sincerely pray for his conWe are sending missionaries to prachusband unto them saith the Lord:

tinued guidance and strength, as I try tically every country on the globe, "But this shall be the covenant that to serve him. And I wish to pledge with except perhaps one where the lives of I will make with the house of Israel;

you again that my life and all that I missionaries would be in grave danger After those days, saith the Lord, I will have will be completely devoted to the and their message misunderstood. This put my law in their inward parts, and

service of my Maker and to my fellow obligation of declaring the words of write it in their hearts; and will be

men, always with a prayer in my heart eternal life devolves upon us by divine their God, and they shall be my people.

that he will give me wisdom and knowldecree, given by the Lord to the Prophet "And they shall teach no more every edge, courage and strength and inspiraJoseph Smith in November 1831 in the man his neighbour, and every man his tion and determination and ability to following words: brother saying, Know the Lord: for

keep his commandments and serve in a "Hearken, O ye people of my church, they shall all know me, from the least way that will be acceptable to him. saith the voice of him who dwells on of them unto the greatest of them, saith

Again I appeal to each and every one high, and whose eyes are upon all the Lord: for I will forgive their iniquity,

of you to exercise your faith and prayers men; yea, verily I say: Hearken ye peoand I will remember their sin no more."

in my behalf that I might lose myself ple from afar; and ye that are upon (Jer. 31:3134.)

in his service and go forward with an the islands of the sea, listen together. In order that this prophecy may be

eye single to his glory. "For verily the voice of the Lord is fulfilled, many members of the Church

I wish to bear my testimony that I unto all men, and there is none to will need to repent and be more diliknow that God lives, that Jesus is the escape; and there is no eye that shall gent in the study of the scriptures and

Christ who gave his life for you and me; not see, neither ear that shall not in their prayers and obedience to the

that this is his Church and kingdom; hear, neither heart that shall not laws and commandments of the gospel.

that we have at the head of our Church be penetrated. If they fail to do these things they will

this day a prophet of God who is led "And the rebellious shall be pierced be cut off from the presence of the Lord by him, and through whom we are led with much sorrow; for their iniquities in that great day when he shall descend

in the paths of truth and righteousness. shall be spoken upon the housetops, as Lord of lords and King of kings to

May we follow him, knowing that we and their secret acts shall be revealed. take his place and sit on his throne to

will be led into immortality and eternal "And the voice of warning shall be rule and reign.

life, I humbly pray in the name of the unto all people, by the mouths of my The Prophet Joseph Smith once said:

Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. disciples, whom I have chosen in these "The great plan of salvation is a theme

last days. which ought to occupy our strict atten-

"And they shall go forth and none tion, and be regarded as one of heaven's shall stay them, for I the Lord have best gifts to mankind. No consideration

commanded them."(D&C 1:1-5.) whatever ought to deter us from showIt is because of this commandment ing ourselves approved in the sight of

which the Lord gave to the Church God, according to His divine requirethrough the Prophet Joseph Smith that ment. Men not unfrequently forget

our missionaries are sent to all parts that they are dependent upon heaven blessing for every fulfilling are perthey of the are which the world. We STUDY, to mitted that this for every opedict of enjoy, and Moreover, God. the Son of

is in fulfilment of the promise he made portunity granted them they are to give PRAY, to his apostles just preceding his crucian account. You know, brethren, that

OBEY* fixion, when he declared to them: when the master in the Savior's parable

"And again this gospel of the Kingof the stewards called his servants bePresident Joseph Fielding Smith dom shall be preached in all the world, fore him he gave them several talents tarry while he should all nations, to improve on for a unto witness and

Of the Council of the Twelve little season, for a deabroad shall or the the and when end come, then struction of the wicked; he returned he called for an accounting.

sisters: dear brethren andMy is is it tribulaafter only Master So absent the now. immediately Our "And

it first to privilege time was The my it little for of at season, a shall the and end days, of the be tion those sun this to building congregation inspeak a call to account; render will shall give he an each the not darkened, and moon

it effort voice to required have an my five fall talents bestowed, stars light, shall were where from and the her and all to of this partscarry Tabernacle and that shall has ten required; will of he be and the powers heaven heaven, and

privileged are heard.be when we Now cast will out be improvement no shaken. made be

fact ofto are speak, the conscious we servant, the as unprofitable while I this "Verily, an you, unto generasay various to forth voicesthat our go may everlasting honors. will faithful enjoy tion, in shall these things be which

this ofparts world. mortal makes This the earnestly implore Therefore, forth, shall until not pass we shown away responsiof conscious speaker gravethe a

rest to I Father of grace all you our upon fulfilled."shall told have be youbility the rests and him which upon his that Christ you Son 1:3134.) through Jesus Smith (Joseph

I of every weighing word.need am of temptafaint in the hour not great promises has Lord may made The

for ofgrateful the the Prophet coming in of the tion, time his overcome these nor be servants concerning through the of restoration the and SmithJoseph 2324.) 2, persecution."said in the times. Lord Jeremiah (DHC To Saviorgospel of Jesus Lord our and

of dispensation: this of in speaking Smith Prophet one Joseph The

all of this dispengreatest the inChrist his saith said discourses following: the days the "Behold, the come,

is it greatest, the because ".sations—the.. I If a will that heaven, should covenant Lord, speak from make new God

I relast. of also the aware made am steal, Israel, to of the he not not the you with would and house with command

us, rests thesponsibility which upon to to covet, nor adultery, not of commit house Judah:

Israel, to theelders words of proclaim

I faithful a deceive, over few to that but be the according covenant "Not relife asof eternal have been they far as things. from degenerate that fathers their the in As with day we made

*Address delivered Friday afternoon, October 4, 1963. I took them by the hand to bring them God, we descend to the devil and lose

DECEMBER 1963 1061 knowledge, and without knowledge, we restoration of the gospel, but this testiClark, Jr., and President Stephen L

cannot be saved, and while our hearts mony will grow dim and eventually Richards who served in the First are filled with evil, and we are studydisappear unless we are constantly rePresidency.

ing evil, there is no room in our hearts ceiving spiritual good through study, Some years ago I stood at a pulpit for good, or studying good. Is not God obedience, and diligent seeking to know and noticed a little sign that only the

good? Then you be good; if he is and understand the truth. speaker could see, and the words on that

faithful, then you be faithful. Add May the Spirit of the Lord be our sign were these: "Who stands at this

to your faith virtue, to virtue knowledge, constant companion, and may we one pulpit, let him be humble."How I

and seek for every good thing. and all be true to our covenants and pray to my Heavenly Father that I

"... A man is saved no faster than obligations devolving upon us through might never forget the lesson I learned

he gets knowledge, for if he does not our membership in the Church. May that day!

get knowledge, he will be brought into the Lord bless you, in the name of I feel to thank my Heavenly Father captivity by some evil power in the Jesus Christ. Amen. for his many blessings to me. I am

other world, as evil spirits will have grateful to have been born of goodly more knowledge, and consequently more parents, whose parents were gathered power than many men who are on the out of the lands of Sweden and Scotland earth. Hence it needs revelation to and England by humble missionaries,

assist us, and give us knowledge of the who through the bearing of their testithings of God."(Ibid., 4, 588.) monies touched the spirits of these

How true this statement is. Today wonderful people.

we are troubled by evildesigning per- I am so grateful for my teachers and sons who are endeavoring with all their leaders in my boyhood and young manthe testimonies destroypower to pioneer in a humble, hood in a ward of "I STAND of the Church,members stake. and many pioneer grateful humble, I ammembers of the Church are in danger AT for my sweet companion and for the

because of lack of understanding and influence for good which she has hadbecause they have not sought the guidTHE DOOR "* upon my life, and to her dear mother ance of the Spirit of the Lord. Every who had the courage in faroff Swedenbaptized member of the Church reAND KNOCK to accept the gospel and to come to this

gift ofceives Ghost, the the Holy of hands.laying This, however, on by the Thomas S. Monson country.has blessedI amus withso happythree thatfine thechildren,Lord

will not save them unless they continue Of the Council of the Twelve our youngest born to us in the mission in the spirit of light and truth. Therefield in Canada. I am grateful for

fore it is a commandment from the President McKay, President Brown, these blessings. I am grateful for my

Lord that members of the Church President Tanner, my brethren, and friends and for O. Preston Robinson

of sisters, depths brothers the from and diligent activities in theirshould be and associates at the Deseret News and my humility, overwhelming with an and of truths of thestudy fundamental the closely so I have worked with whom

I before sense of stand inadequacy, you it asgospel revealed. has been The fifteen years. past these

in for prayers earnestly your pray andSpirit of will the to Lord continue not I lives, that brothers know God my behalf. mystrive indifferent, the with the with wayis sisters. in and There question no

loss All are of us the saddened by fail rebellious live to the andward who I is this that his mind. know work, of my

I also President miss Moyle. D. Henry is It light of truth. divinewithin the I that sweetest the experience and know

}. of President the presence Reuben of privilegethe every baptized person is life all in feel this to his promptings

to have an abiding testimony of the *Address delivered Friday morning, October 4, 1963. as he directs us in the furtherance of

his work. I have felt these promptings

as a young bishop, guided to the homes where there was spiritual, or perhaps temporal, want. I felt it again in the

mission field as I worked with your sons and your daughters—the missionaries of

this great Church who are a living witness and testimony to the world that this work is divine and that we are led by a prophet.

I think of a little sister, a FrenchCanadian sister, whose life was changed by the missionaries as her spirit was touched as she said goodbye to me and my wife two years ago in Quebec. She

said, "President Monson, I may never see the prophet. I may never hear the

prophet. But President, far better, now

that I am a member of this Church,

I can obey the prophet."

My sincere prayer today, President

McKay, is that I might always obey you and these, my brethren. I pledge

my life, all that I may have. I will

strive to the utmost of my ability to be what you would want me to be. I

am grateful for the words of Jesus

1062 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christ, our Savior, when he said: The answer is; to fill the Lord's purOne of the greatest discourses that I

"I stand at the door and knock. If poses. For even the Master followed have ever heard or read on how to

any man hear my voice and open the the will of the Father by selecting avoid being deceived was given from door, I will come in to him...."Judas. President George Q. Cannon this pulpit during the priesthood ses-

(Rev. 3:20.) suggests an explanation, too, when he sion of the October, 1960 semiannual

I earnestly pray, my brothers and states conference by Elder Marion G. Romney.

sisters, that my life might merit this "Perhaps it is His own design that (Ibid., October 1960, 7375.) I compromise from our Savior. In the name faults and weaknesses should appear in mend it to you for your close study

of Jesus Christ. Amen. high places in order that His Saints and wish that there were time to remay learn to trust in Him and not in read it. During the talk Elder Romney

any man or men."(Millennial Star stated that there was no guarantee that

53:658659. February 15, 1891.) the devil will not deceive a lot of men

And this would parallel Lehi's warnwho hold the priesthood. Then, after

ing; put not your "... trust in the arm referring to a talk on free agency by

of flesh "(2 Nephi 4:34.) President McKay, Elder Romney states,

"The Church,"says President McKay, "... Free agency is the principle against

"is little, if at all, injured by persecuwhich Satan waged his war in heaven.

tion and calumnies from ignorant, misIt is still the front on which he makes BE informed, or malicious enemies."(The his most furious, devious, and persistent

Instructor. p. 33.) 1956, February case attacks. be the That this would NOT

. the Lord. within the It is from foreshadowed Church by that the was DECEIVED* greatest hindrance comes. And so, it And then after quoting the scripture.."

seems, it has been. Now the question from the Pearl of Great Price regarding

Ezra Taft Benson arises, will we stick with the kingdom the war in heaven over free agency

Of the Council of the Twelve and can we avoid being deceived? Cer- (Moses 4:1-4) Elder Romney continues:

tainly this is an important question, "You see, at the time he was cast

Humbly and gratefully I approach you for the Lord has said that in the last out of heaven, his objective was (and today. Humble in the awesome task days the devil will "rage in the hearts still is) 'to deceive and to blind men,

it will.'his at of... lead 28:20) Nephi and if men,"(2 them captive and to for theof to speaking you—grateful as shall possible as effectively the "deceive does to he This many he I were at our head. prophetgospel and a

concur in this great address on man very elect."(See Joseph Smith 1:5-37.) will not hearken unto the voice of God.

and free agency given by the Lord's "The adversary,"said Brigham Young, His main attack is still on free agency.

mouthpiece. President McKay will go "presents his principles and arguments When he can get men to yield their

down in eternity as one of the great in the most approved style, and in the agency, he has them well on the way champions of free men. most winning tone, attended with the to captivity.

Years ago my greatgrandfather, most graceful attitudes; and he is very "We who hold the priesthood must

while an investigator, attended a Morcareful to ingratiate himself into the beware concerning ourselves, that we mon meeting during which a member favour of the powerful and influential do not fall into the traps he lays to had a quarrel over the Sacrament table of mankind, uniting himself with popurob us of our freedom. We must be

with the branch president. When the lar parties, floating into offices of trust careful that we are not led to accept

service was over, Mrs. Benson turned to and emolument by pandering to popuor support in any way any organization,

Ezra T. and asked him what he thought lar feeling, though it should seriously cause or measure which, in its remotest

of the Mormons now. I'll always be wrong and oppress the innocent. Such effect, would jeopardize free agency,

grateful for his answer. He said he characters put on the manners of an whether it be in politics, government,

thought the actions of its members in angel, appearing as nigh like angels of religion, employment, education, or any no way altered the truth of Mormonlight as they possibly can, to deceive other field. It is not enough for us to

ism. That conviction saved him from the innocent and the unwary. The good be sincere in what we support. We

many a tragedy. Before joining the which they do, they do it to bring to must be right!"

Church, Grandfather was moved by a pass an evil purpose upon the good Elder Romney then outlined some marvelous prayer of Apostle John and honest followers of Jesus Christ."tests to distinguish the true from the

E. Page. (JD 11, 238239.) counterfeit. Now this is crucial for us

"... all Taylor for as President think of us is to [John] know, Those who convert later the was young But

.. of the in said, the preaching "Besides well 28:21) in Zion."(2 Nephigreatly shocked by the same man whose

actions reflected his gradual apostasy. spite of Book of Mormon warning Gospel, we have another mission, nameIronically, when Elder Page evenmight ponder the words of Heber C. ly, the perpetuation of the free agency

tually was excommunicated, Brigham Kimball when he said, "Yes, we think of man and the maintenance of liberty,

Young selected the young convert to we are secure here in the chambers of freeddm, and the rights of man."

fill Elder Page's place in the Quorum of these everlasting hills... but I want to (]D 23, 63.)

the Twelve. say to you, my brethren, the time is It was the struggle over free agency

Six of the original Twelve Apostles coming when we will be mixed up in that divided us before we came here;

selected by Joseph Smith were excomthese now peaceful valleys to that exit may well be the struggle over the municated. The Three Witnesses"to tent that it will be difficult to tell the same principle which will deceive and

the Book of Mormon left the Church. face of a Saint from the face of an divide us again.

Three of Joseph Smith's Counselors fell enemy against the people of God. Then May I suggest three short tests to

for to deceived, the great avoid being look out pertaining is the both time his death. plot even helped—one sifting for to this will great struggle all other a there freedom be and that question might arise sieve, A natural

would be, that if the Lord knew in adtime, and many will fall. For I say matters.

vance that these men would fall, as he unto you there is a test, a Test, a TEST 1. What do the standard works have

undoubtedly did, why did he have his coming."(Heber C. Kimball, 1856. to say about it? "To the law and to

Prophet call them to such high office? Quoted by J. Golden Kimball, Conthe testimony: if they speak not accord-

*Address delivered Friday morning, October 4, 1963. ference Report, October 1930, pp. 5960.) ing to this word, it is because there is

DECEMBER 1963 1063 no light in them,"said Isaiah. (Isa. D&C 132:7, 21:4.) That man is Presithat the Lord dictates, or not. This has

8:20.) This is one of the great truths dent David O. McKay. Because he gives been my exhortation continually."

of Isaiah so important that it was inthe word of the Lord for us today, his (/D 9, 149150.)

cluded in the Book of Mormon scripwords have an even more immediate Elder Heber C. Kimball stated: "The

tures. There it reads: "To the law and importance than those of the dead time will come when no man or woman

to the testimony; and if they speak not prophets. When speaking under the will be able to endure on borrowed

according to this word, it is because influence of the Holy Ghost his words light."(Orson F. Whitney, Life of Heber

there is no light in them."(2 Nephi are scripture. (See D&C 68:4.) I com- C. Kimball, 1888 edition 461.)

are said, reading Hosea your the masterful 18:20.) And if "My people mend for is can we know How then a man

.. for lack of ofdestroyed."discourse President knowledge: spirit? Clark, speaking Bible, J. Reuben by the Book The

(Hos. 4:6.) Jr., in the Church News of July 31, of Mormon, and Doctrine and CoveWe must diligently study the scrip1954, entitled: "When Are Church nants give us the key. (See D&C 50:17tures. Of special importance to us are Leader's Words Entitled to Claim of 23; 100:5-8; 2 Nephi 33:1; 1 Cor. 2:10the Book of Mormon and the Doctrine Scripture?"11.) President Clark summarized them

and Covenants. Joseph Smith said, The President can speak on any subwell when he said:

"... that the Book of Mormon was the ject he feels is needful for the Saints. As "We can tell when the speakers are

most correct of any book on earth, and Brigham Young has stated: "I defy any moved upon by the Holy Ghost only

the keystone of our religion, and a man man on earth to point out the path when we, ourselves, are moved upon would get nearer to God by abiding by a prophet of God should walk in, or by the Holy Ghost. In a way, this

its precepts, than by any other book."point out his duty, and just how far completely shifts the responsibility from

(DHC 4, 461.) he must go, in dictating temporal or them to us to determine when they so

The Book of Mormon, Brigham Young spiritual things. Temporal and spiritual speak... the Church will know by

said, was written on the tablets of his things are inseparably connected, and the testimony of the Holy Ghost in the heart and no doubt helped save him ever will be."(/D 10, 364.) Other body of the members, whether the

from being deceived. The Book of officers in the kingdom have fallen but brethren in voicing their views are

Mormon has a lot to say about America, never the Presidents. Keep your eye moved upon by the Holy Ghost; and in

freedom, and secret combinations. on the captain is still good counsel. The due time that knowledge will be

The Doctrine and Covenants is imwords of a living prophet must, and made manifest."(Church News, July

portant because it contains the revelaever will take precedence. 31, 1954.)

tions which helped lay the foundation President McKay has said a lot about Will this Spirit be needed to check of this great latterday work. It speaks our tragic trends towards socialism and actions in other situations? Yes, and

of many things. Section 134, verse 2, communism and the responsibilities it could be used as a guide and a prostates that government should hold inliberty-loving people have in defending tector for the faithful in a situation

violate the rights and control of and preserving our Constitution. (See described by Elder Lee at the last genproperty. This makes important readConference Report, April 1963, pp. eral priesthood session of the Church

ing in a day when government controls 112113.) Have we read these words when he said:

are increasing and people are losing the from God's mouthpiece and pondered "In the history of the Church there right to control their own property. on them? have been times or instances where

2. The second guide is: what do the 3. The third and final test is the Counselors in the First Presidency and

latterday Presidents of the Church have Holy Ghost—the test of the Spirit. By others in high station have sought to

Spirit that truth the overturnto to the decision or know the the we ". say on may persuade the subject—particularly

all test of 10:5.) things."(Moroni.. This his President to President?living contrary President Wilford inspired judgWoodruff related an instance in church can only be fully effective if one's chanment, and always, if you will read

history when Brigham Young was adnels of communication with God are carefully the history of the Church, such dressing a congregation in the presence clean and virtuous and uncluttered with oppositions brought not only disastrous of the Prophet Joseph Smith: sin. Said Brigham Young: results to those who resisted the decision

"Brother Brigham took the stand, and "You may know whether you are led of the President, but almost always he took the Bible and laid it down; he right or wrong, as well as you know the such temporary persuasions were called

took the Book of Mormon, and laid it way home; for every principle God has back for reconsideration, or a reversal

down; and he took the Book of Doctrine revealed carries its own convictions of of hasty action not in accordance with

and Covenants, and laid it down before its truth to the human mind,... the feelings, the inspired feelings, of the

him, and he said, 'There is the written "What a pity it would be if we were President of the Church. And that, I

word of God to us, concerning the work led by one man to utter destruction! submit, is one of the fundamental things

of God from the beginning of the world, Are you afraid of this? I am more that we must never lose sight of in the

almost, to our day.''And now,'said he, afraid that this people have so much building up of the kingdom of God."

'when compared with the living oracles, confidence in their leaders that they (Conference Report, April, 1963, p. 81.)

those books are nothing to me; those will not inquire of themselves of God These then, are the three tests: The

books do not convey the word of God whether they are led by Him. I am standard works; the inspired words of

direct to us now, as do the words of a fearful they settle down in a state of the Presidents of the Church, particuProphet or a man bearing the Holy blind selfsecurity, trusting their eternal larly the living Presidents; and the

Priesthood in our day and generation. I destiny in the hands of their leaders promptings of the Holy Ghost.

would rather have the living oracles with a reckless confidence that in itself Now, brothers and sisters, in this great than all the writing in the books.'That would thwart the purposes of God in struggle for free agency just think what

was the course he pursued. When he their salvation, and weaken that influ- a power for good we could be in this

was through, Brother Joseph said to the ence they could give to their leaders, world if we were united. Remember

congregation: 'Brother Brigham has did they know for themselves, by the how President Clark used to reiterate

told you the word of the Lord, and he revelations of Jesus, that they are led in the general priesthood meeting of has told you the truth'...."(Conferin the right way. Let every man and the Church that there was not a rightence Report, October 1897, pp. 1819.) woman know, by the whispering of the eous thing in this world that we couldn't

There is only one man on the earth Spirit of God to themselves, whether accomplish if we were just united.

today who speaks for the Church. (See their leaders are walking in the path And President McKay has reiterated

1064 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it again and again when he's stated: piece of the Lord on the earth today tisms"is about the same as it is among

"Next to being one in worshiping God, there is one major question we should those born to church members in the there is nothing in this world upon ask ourselves. Assuming we are living stakes.

which this Church should be more a life so we can know, then what does From the time of Father Adam until united than in upholding and defendthe Holy Spirit have to say about it? today some people have been baptized

ing the Constitution of the United We are under obligation to answer this almost immediately upon hearing the

States! question. God will hold us responsible. gospel. Others have investigated long

"May the appeal of our Lord in His Let us not be deceived in the sifting and studiously. So far as I know, the

intercessory prayer for unity be realized days ahead. Let us rally together on Lord has never fixed a time limit. The

in our homes, our wards, our stakes, principle behind the prophet as guided only prerequisite he has prescribed is and in our support of the basic prinby the promptings of the Spirit. "conversion."

It healthe conversion is about and for said Presidentciples of out to speak continue our Republic,"We should

I to it that ing attends wish which socialism Instructor, February comand 1956, freedomMcKay. and against (The

p. 34.) munism as President McKay has conspeak.

To that I say Amen and Amen. sistently admonished us. We should I sincerely pray that the Spirit of the

President McKay speaks of a unity on continue to come to the aid of patriots, Lord will be with me and that he will principles. President Clark said: programs and organizations which are put his seal upon the things that I

"God provided that in this land of trying to save our Constitution through do say.

liberty, our political allegiance shall every legal and moral means possible. Webster says the verb, "convert,"

belief or "to from turn one means is, to left that govto individuals, darkness us in not notrun has God to "conversion"another."recourse That great officials, the matter matters. no have these how gardingernment We

is attendspiritual moral change "a and be. His small theyor scriptures ancient Under modern. and may how We conviction."belief of a ing with change althe allegiance only living our andplan prophet, and a we may have scriptures, in "converted"the used As

citizens denizens or aslegiance Spirit. the owe obtain we implies generally merely not mental

inStates, to runs ourof the United see did the Father Smith and Joseph his of teachings and acceptance Jesus

Himself Constitutionspired which God the Son. kingdom The faith in and him established but

of office of oathset runs the up. So instrumentality Prophet's the through faith a his in works which alsogospel—aa motivating in participate government.those forth. roll will who in actual change transformation, an

A certain loyalty we do owe to the We can move forward with it. one's understanding of life's meaning

holds, even butoffice a which man not so and be all do may That we interto his allegiance in and God—in of just reason owe, by prayer.here we our deceived In humble is my conduct. the est, thought, in and in While

citizenship, no loyalty to the man himname of Jesus Christ. Amen. conversion may be accomplished in

self. In other countries it is to the stages, one is not really converted in the

individual that allegiance runs. This full sense of the term unless and until

principle of allegiance to the Constituhe is at heart a new person. "Born

tion is basic to our freedom. It is one again"is the scriptural term.

of the great principles that distinguishes In one who is wholly converted, dethis 'land of liberty'from other sire for things inimical to the gospel countries. Friday Afternoon Session, October 4, 1963 of Jesus Christ has actually died, and

"Thus God added to His priceless substituted therefor is a love of God blessings to us. with a fixed and controlling determina-

"I wish to say with all the earnesttion to keep his commandments. Paulness I possess that when you youth and CONVERSION told the Romans that such a one would

maidens see any curtailment of these walk in newness of life. "Know ye

liberties I have named, when you see Marion G. Romney not,"he said, "that so many of us as

government invading any of these realms Of the Council of the Twelve were baptized into Jesus Christ were of freedom which we have under our baptized into his death?

Constitution, you will know that they My beloved brethren and sisters, I be- "Therefore we are buried with him by are putting shackles on your liberty, and lieve the question most frequently put baptism into death: that like as Christ

that tyranny is creeping upon you, no to the General Authorities is, "Don't was raised up from the dead... even

matter who curtails these liberties or you remember me?"Some years ago as so we also should walk in newness of

I Sister sat President near and Romney 6:3-4.) life."(Rom. realms, matthese invades and nowho

Sister at and an Dance McKay MIA this that Peter in taught walking by thereter reason and excuse the what little girl Festival, a beautiful Primary life"of escapes cor- "the "newness one Era,fore Improvement be."(The may

get to the her worked through way is in that the ruption through world 444.) 1940] [July43,

President's "President autograph. Mclust,"developing within himself and by all should by what now know We said, Kay,"she you "do remember when faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, libertysaidPresident has about McKay

I last dear, you me?""No, saw my godliness, patience, brotherly kindness, greatest responsibility. peoples'loving

it said don't,"gently, he "but must charity, partaker a "of becomes he and tell drift toof heard our himWe've it ago."long a have time been "No, divine the nature."socialism and communism.ward We just "it last wasn't,"replied, she was is life in of walks newness who One feelings recent his regarding ofknow in Scotland."year other the says converted. hand, Ontragic of Court. decisions the Supreme frequently the next Perhaps most Peter, these that lacketh things "But he position supChurch's the knowWe is, asked question quick baptisms "Do is off, blind, see afar cannot and and the to right lawsporting work and in as as stay active the Church when forgotten that hath he purged from was of to opposition programsChurch's taken?"the Because time was more

federal aid to education. These and meaning of "active"is so indefinite, this his old sins."(See 2 Pet. 1:1-9.) Such a

many more things has President McKay question is something like Paul's one is not converted, even though he told us that involve this great struggle trumpet of uncertain sound. No firm may have been baptized.

against state slavery and the antiChrist. answer can be given. However, my There is a striking example of the

Now, inasmuch as all these warnings observation is that the percentage of change wrought by conversion in Morhave come through the only mouthactivity among socalled "quick bapmon's account of King Benjamin's fareDECEMBER 1963 1065 well address. This sermon was so From some of the Savior's sayings it to Thomas B. Marsh, then President of

powerful that as Benjamin delivered it would seem that there might even be the Quorum of the Twelve, "... pray

the multitude fell to the earth; for "... people in high places whose conversion for thy brethren of the Twelve. Adthey... viewed themselves in their is not complete; for example, conversing monish them sharply for my name's

own carnal state,... And they all with his apostles at his last supper, he sake, and let them be admonished for

cried aloud... O have mercy, and said to Peter, "Simon, Simon, behold, all their sins,...

apply the atoning blood of Christ that Satan hath desired to have you, that "And after their temptations, and we may receive forgiveness of our sins, he may sift you as wheat: much tribulation, behold, I, the Lord,

and our hearts may be purified; for we "But I have prayed for thee, that thy will feel after them, and if they harden

believe in Jesus Christ, the Son of God, faith fail not: and when thou art connot their hearts, and stiffen not their

..."(Mosiah 4:2.) verted, strengthen thy brethren."(Luke necks against me, they shall be conObserving their humility, King Ben22:3132.) From this it would appear verted, and I will heal them."(D&C

jamin continued: "Believe in God; bethat membership in the Church and 112:1213. Italics added.)

lieve that he is, and that he created all conversion are not necessarily synonyJesus frequently spoke of his healing things,... believe that he has all mous. Being converted, as we are here the converted. Citing Isaiah, he said,

wisdom, and all power, both in heaven using the term, and having a testimony "... this people's heart is waxed gross,

and in earth;... are not necessarily the same thing and their ears are dull of hearing, and

"... believe that ye must repent of either. A testimony comes when the their eyes they have closed; lest at any

your sins and forsake them, and humHoly Ghost gives the earnest seeker a time they should see with their eyes, ble yourselves before God; and ask in witness of the truth. A moving testiand hear with their ears, and should

sincerity of heart that he would forgive mony vitalizes faith; that is, it induces understand with their heart, and should

you; and now, if you believe all these repentance and obedience to the combe converted, and I should heal them."

things see that ye do them."(Ibid., mandments. Conversion, on the other (Matt. 13:15.)

4:9-10.) hand, is the fruit of, or the reward for, At the opening of his mortal ministry

When he had concluded, he inquired repentance and obedience. (Of course he told his fellow townsmen in

as to whether they believed his words. one's testimony continues to increase Nazareth that he had been sent "...

"And they all cried... Yea, we beas he is converted.) to heal the brokenhearted,..."

lieve all (thy) words... and also, we Conversion is effected by divine for- (Luke 4:18.)

know of their surety and truth,..."giveness, which remits sins. The seTo the distraught Nephites he thus

And why were they so confident? Bequence is something like this. An spoke out of the awful darkness which

cause as they said: "... the Spirit of honest seeker hears the message. He attended his crucifixion: "O all ye that

the Lord... has wrought a mighty asks the Lord in prayer if it is true. The are spared because ye were more rightchange in us, or in our hearts, that we Holy Spirit gives him a witness. This eous than they, will ye not now return

have no more disposition to do evil, but is a testimony. If one's testimony is unto me, and repent of your sins, and

to do good continually. strong enough, he repents and obeys the be converted, that I may heal you?"

"And (they continued) we are willing commandments. By such obedience he (3 Nephi 9:13.)

to enter into a covenant with our God receives divine forgiveness which remits Somebody recently asked how one to do his will, and to be obedient to sin. Thus he is converted to a newness could know when he is converted. The

his commandments in all things... all of life. His spirit is healed. answer is simple. He may be assured

the remainder of our days,..."(Ibid., From what Jesus said at the time he of it when by the power of the Holy

5:2, 5.) healed the man "sick with the palsy,"Spirit his soul is healed. When this

Although these people seem to have it would seem that remittance of sins occurs, he will recognize it by the way been converted rather quickly from a is the therapy which heals and that the he feels, for he will feel as the people "disposition to do evil"to a determinatwo terms are synonymous. Concernof Benjamin felt when they received

tion "to do good continually"all the ing that incident, Luke says, "... the remission of sins. The record says,...

remainder of their days, they evidently power of the Lord was present to the Spirit of the Lord came upon them, fully met the conditions prescribed by heal...."(Ibid., 5:17.) Jesus, recogand they were filled with joy, having

the Lord for baptism, when he said: nizing the faith of the palsied man and received a remission of their sins, and

"... All those who humble themselves his associates, "... said unto him, Man, having peace of conscience,..."

before God, and desire to be baptized, thy sins are forgiven thee."(Ibid., 5:20.) (Mosiah 4:3.)

and come forth with broken hearts and For this the Pharisees charged him with When Alma the younger was concontrite spirits, and witness before the blasphemy, saying within themselves, verted he said: "... I could remember

church that they have truly repented "... Who can forgive sins but God? my pains no more; yea, I was harrowed

of all their sins, and are willing to take..."(Ibid., 5:21.) Perceiving their up by the memory of my sins no more.

upon them the name of Jesus Christ, thoughts, Jesus said, "Whether is easier, "And oh, what joy, and what marvelhaving a determination to serve him to to say, Thy sins be forgiven thee; or to ous light I did behold; yea, my soul

the end, and truly manifest by their say, Rise up and walk?"Then he was filled with joy as exceeding as was

works that they have received of the added, "But that ye may know that the my pain!

Spirit of Christ unto the remission of Son of man hath power upon earth to "Yea, I say unto you, my son, that their sins, shall be received by baptism forgive sins, (he said to the sick of the there could be nothing so exquisite and into his church."(D&C 20:37.) palsy), I say unto thee, Arise, and take so bitter as were my pains. Yea, and

That the Prophet applied these inup thy couch, and go into thine house."again I say unto you, my son, that on

structions strictly is apparent from this (Ibid., 5:2324.) This, of course, the the other hand, there can be nothing so

entry in his diary of July 5, 1835: man immediately did. exquisite and sweet as was my joy."

"Michael H. Barton tried to get into In this instance there was a physical (Alma 36:1921.)

the Church, but he was not willing to healing. Sometimes there is also a healAs a third and final guide, I quote

confess and forsake all his sins—and ing of the nervous system or of the from President Joseph F. Smith: "No

he was rejected."(DHC 2, 235.) mind. But always the remittance of person can be properly baptized unless

Had Mr. Barton obtained membership sins which attends divine forgiveness he has faith in the Lord Jesus Christ,

in the Church in his then unrepentant heals the spirit. This accounts for the and has repented of his sins, with a restate, it would have availed him nothing fact that in the scriptures conversion pentance that need not be repented of.

no matter how much he knew about and healing are repeatedly associated. But faith comes by hearing the word of

the gospel, because he was not converted. For example, in 1837 the Lord said God. This implies that the candidate

1066 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA must be taught. Efficient teaching and under heaven by which men must be the sick, and in other ways employ that

preparation must precede the ordinance, saved."(See Acts 4:12.) To this I witpower. Employing it, a young man,

so that the candidate may have a proper ness in solemn testimony. Nephi by name, once shocked his asappreciation and conception of its pursailants into submission by pointing

poses. The call to baptism, in the mishis hand at them. The assailants were

sion of our Savior, was always preceded his brothers. (1 Nephi 17:53.)

by instructions in the doctrines which Again, let me ask who, among all he taught."(The Improvement Era, 14, mortal men, really knows what this

266; Gospel Doctrine, Joseph F. Smith, marvelous priesthood power actually is?

7th ed, p. 99.) Obviously it is power; its source, obSpeaking of his own experience, he viously, too, is God. Why not call it

said: "The feeling that came upon me then for what it truly is the power ofwas that of pure peace, of love and of PRIESTHOOD God? (C.R., Joseph F. Smith, p. 5,

light. I felt in my soul that if I had - - ASSET October 1904.) President John Taylorsinned—and surely I was not without so called it saying, "It is nothing moresin—that it had been forgiven me; that OR nor less than the power of God."(John

I sin; cleansed indeed from was my

I feltheart touched, that and was I LIABILITY? Taylor,PriesthoodGospelis Kingdom,more than p.power—it129.) is

would not injure the smallest insect authority. Quoting President Joseph F.

beneath my feet. I felt as if I wanted William J. Critchlow, Jr. again: "It is... the power of God

to do good everywhere to everybody Assistant to the Council of the Twelve delegated to man by which man can and to everything. I felt a newness of act in the earth... in the name of the

life, a newness of desire to do that Over a score or so of years, I promoted Father and the Son and the Holy which was right. There was not one and sold something I have never seen; Ghost, and act legitimately;..."(Op.

left for evil of desireparticle in cit., p. 5, F. Smith, October still my I Joseph didn't even know what it was—I

it is true,soul. boy, but a little I was 1904.) Priesthood I I said: "The don't. He also seen it; never not only have

when I was baptized; but this was the have tried assiduously to avoid touchin general is the authority given to man

influence that came upon me, and I ing it. Once, stringing lights on a to act for God.... But it is necessary

know that it was from God, and was and Christmas tree, I accidentally got my that every act performed under this auever has been a living witness to me of finger in an empty socket; oh, I felt it! thority shall be done at the proper time

my acceptance of the Lord."(April Who really knows what electricity is? and place, in the proper way, and after

Conference Report, 1898; Gospel DocWe know what it can do. It lights the proper order. The power of directtrine, Joseph F. Smith, 7th ed., p. 96.) this building; it lights our homes; it ing these labors constitute the keys of

As Jesus ministered among the lights our streets; it runs our factories the Priesthood. In their fullness these

Nephites, he told them not to adminand our mills; it affords us lovely music, keys are held by only one person at a

ister the Sacrament to the unworthy, radio, television, and a score of wondertime, the prophet and president of The but to continue laboring with them; ful appliances in our homes, but who Church."(The Improvement Era 4,

"... for ye know not but what they really knows what this great power, 230.)

will return and repent, and come unto called electricity, actually is? President David O. McKay holds all

me with full purpose of heart, and I Over the same score or so of years, I of the keys of the priesthood. He or his

shall heal them; and ye shall be the promoted another something which I predecessors in office have directly

means of bringing salvation unto them."have never seen; I don't really know (personally) or indirectly (by delegat-

(3 Nephi 18:32.) what it is. I have not only never seen ing authority to others) conferred keys

Getting people's spirits healed through it; I have never heard it; I have never upon temple presidents, stake presidents,

conversion is the only way they can be smelled it; I have never tasted it; I mission presidents, quorum presidents,

healed. I know this is an unpopular have never touched it, but on occasions bishops, and others. "No man taketh

doctrine and a slow way to solve the it has touched me. More than once, as this honour unto himself, but he that

problems of men and nations. As a I officiated in priesthood ordinance is called of God, as was Aaron."(Heb.

matter of fact, I am convinced that work, I have felt it. 5:4.) "We believe that a man must

relatively few among the billions of Who really knows what this great be called of God, by prophecy, and by earth's inhabitants will be converted. power of the priesthood is? We know the laying on of hands, by those who

Nevertheless, I know and solemnly witwhat it can do. By that power this and are in authority to... administer in the

ness that there is no other means by other worlds were created and will be ordinances thereof."(5th Article of

which the sinsick souls of men can be redeemed (JD 15, 127; 24, 242); by that Faith.) Aaron was so called and orhealed or for a troubled world to find power the city of Enoch was taken up dained. (D&C 27:8.)

peace. I know that the unbelieving to heaven (Joseph Smith's Teachings, "Some suppose this authority may be

will reject this divine way. But this p. 170), by that power the waters of derived from the Bible,"said President

is nothing new. They have been rethe Red Sea were parted to liberate Joseph F. Smith, "but nothing could be

jecting it ever since the time of Cain. Israel; by that power Elijah sealed the more absurd.... If by reading and

They have from the beginning refused heavens so that no rain or dew fell upon believing the Bible this authority could to accept Christ and his gospel. They the earth; by that power Brigham Young be obtained, all who read and believed

killed the ancient prophets. They rebuked the frost and the sterility of would have it—one equally with anburned Abinadi. They stoned Samuel the soil, and this valley became fruitother.... God Almighty is the only

the Lamanite. They crucified the Lord ful. Two thousand years ago, one source from whence this knowledge,

himself. In our own day they marpossessing that power gave new eyes to power and authority can be obtyred Joseph Smith, Jun., the great the blind, new legs to the halt, turned tained,... The Scriptures may serve

prophet of the restoration. But all that water into wine, walked on the water, as a guide to lead us to God,... but

has happened in the past has not, and cleansed lepers, cast out evil spirits, fed they can do no more."(JD 19, 191.)

all that occurs in the future will not, thousands by blessing a few loaves and Priesthood is eternal and everlasting.

change the truth that conversion to fishes, restored life to the dead. Two The Prophet Joseph Smith said, "The

Jesus Christ and his gospel is the one thousand years later—even today Priesthood is an everlasting principle,

and only way; for still it must be said bearers of that same priesthood power, and existed with God from eternity, and

that "there is none other way given again cast out devils, restore health to will to eternity, without beginning of

DECEMBER 1963 1067 days or end of years...."Adam obsometimes called Levitical. The firsttheir duties because they lack the cotained the priesthood "in the Creation, born sons of Aaron's posterity were the operation and encouragement of their

before the world was formed."He "high priests"(higher priests in the wives and mothers.

(Adam) stands at the head as the preAaronic Priesthood); the sons of Levi The sisters would do well, if, followsiding high priest (under Christ) over were their assistants. Appendages to ing the counsel of the Prophet, they

all the earth for all ages. (Joseph Smith's both priesthoods were added by our provoked their husbands and sons to

Teachings, pp. 157158.) This priestLord who gave his Church in Palestine do good works (Relief Society minutes,

later as apostles, evangelists, 17, bishops, of the holy high Marchhood works. order, known

elders, priests, seventies, priests, teachers, Priesthood, continuedthe Husbands, Melchizedek rightfully1842)—priesthoodand scripturally

in patriarchal order without a break and deacons. He similarly perfected too, are the family heads (Eph. 5:23)—

with Adam's worthy descendants until his Church upon this American contiits priests and its spokesmen. The

the day of Moses. (D&C 84:6-16; nent when he appeared here after his wives, thanks be to God, are the fam107:4153.) crucifixion and resurrection in Jerusalem. ily hearts.

Through Moses the Lord attempted "The holy Priesthood is a system of to set up the house of Israel soon after laws and government that is pure and "There is a center in each home from their liberation from Egyptian bondage holy;..."(JD 7:202)—"a perfect law of which all joys must start.

as a kingdom of priests of this holy theocracy."(]oseph Smith's Teachings, "That center? It is a mother's heart."

patriarchal order. He sent Moses down p. 322.) Presently, it is the government

from the Mount with tablets of stone of The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterWith love and kindness and with upon which were inscribed principles day Saints—God's kingdom here on tact, of course, the heart can usually

salvation,of earth. the the Eventually, into seeing priesthood kingdom sway enthe people but when head—even

".. activity.. every in idol of the earth, endeavor is expected worship, Suchgaged embraces when dashed the Moses

tablets to the ground, breaking them knee should bow,... and every tongue our sisters.

into fragments. Again, the Lord called should confess that Jesus Christ is The subject of this talk could well be

Moses up on the Mount, and there he Lord,..."(Phil. 2:1011.) I sincerely—For Men Only. Priesthood is for men

rewrote with his finger on tablets expect priesthood will be the governing only—it is not conferred upon women.

which Moses had prepared the Ten world power. Can man devise a better The sisters may be set apart as officers

Commandments; but he deleted this system of laws and government? in the priesthood auxiliaries, but they

time the salvation principles which Priesthood is responsibility. Jesus was are never ordained to office in the priestnecessitated priesthood of the holy given the responsibility of this earth. hood. They do not share the priesthood

patriarchal order, denying thereby his Absenting himself, he left his kingdom with their husbands, fathers, or sons.

children the Melchizedek Priesthood. here on earth in the hands of his offiThey do share the blessings of the priestLater he removed Moses, who held the cers—those who hold the priesthood. hood with their husbands, fathers, or

Melchizedek Priesthood, thus leaving The kingdom is no stronger nor better sons. They do share the blessings with

Israel with only a Lesser Priesthood, than its officers. President Wilford their husbands; sealed in a temple, they

called the Aaronic Priesthood, after Woodruff said, "The highest calling the go along hand in hand with them toAaron upon whom it was conferred. Lord ever called any human being to ward exaltation, finally reigning as

(Exod. Inspired Version. 34:1-2; D&C in any age of the world, has been to "queens and priestesses"with their hus84:1725.) From that time on until the receive the Holy Priesthood, with its bands who become "kings and priests."

Savior's ministry on earth, this was genkeys and powers."(Wilford Woodruff, (D&C 94:41.) Infrequently a sister asks:

erally the prevailing authority of God Millennial Star 58:305, April 5, 1896.) Why can't we (sisters) hold the prieston the earth. When men take a priesthood calling, hood? My answer: If and when he

Jesus restored at his coming the they covenant to magnify it; they take whose business priesthood is wants you

Higher Priesthood, he being "the Great upon them the obligation to labor with to hold it, he will let his prophet know.

High Priest, forever after the order of zeal and energy in their particular callUntil then there is nothing we can do

Melchizedek,"(Joseph Smith's Teaching. (D&C 84:109, 110; 107:99100.) about it.

ings, p. 158, Heb. 5:6; 2:1718) but President Joseph F. Smith asked: Priesthood is God's greatest gift to his

after the passing of his apostles there "Will you who hold the priesthood, children, save perhaps the gift of his was no one left holding the keys, to profane the name of Deity? Would you Son, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.

authorize the ordination of any mortal be riotous, and eat and drink with the Some may rate the gift of mortality, man to any office in either priesthood. drunken...? Would you... forget followed by immortality and the promThe apostate world accordingly was left your prayers and fail to remember the ise of eternal life as a greater gift.

without priesthood for about sixteen Giver of all good? Would you... Priesthood, being an eternal principle,

long, dark centuries. Then in May violate the confidence and the love of existed before mortality. Immortality is

1829 the Lord sent John the Baptist, a God...? Would you... dishonor the state of resurrected souls. Did the

firstborn, literal descendant of Aaron, your wife or your children?... Will resurrection act involve an ordinance of

who held the keys of the Aaronic or you honor the Sabbath day and keep it the priesthood—a necessary ordinance,

Lesser Priesthood, to restore that priestholy? Will you observe the law of presently unrevealed? Certainly the

hood. He also sent, soon after, the tithing and all the requirements of the resurrection act is another manifestation

Apostles Peter, James, and John, who gospel? Will you carry with you at of the great power of the priesthood.

held the keys of the Higher or Melall times the spirit of prayer and the May I ask—how can we achieve eternal

chizedek Priesthood, to restore that desire to be good? Will you teach your life without the blessings and ordinances

priesthood. The recipients of both children the principles of life and salof the priesthood?

priesthoods were the great American vation?..."(The Improvement Era 21, The power of the Melchizedek PriestProphet Joseph Smith and his associate 105106.) hood is to have the power of "endless

said theOliver Prophet Smith. Cowdery. Joseph

all those,"are he said, From "... And "who Adam to Moses the existent priesthoodSometimesresponsibilitiesmen relax andlightlytreatintheirthe lives,"

this patriarchal ordainedpriesthood priesthood or are unto Melwas made to failing their families the teach home, the or of abiding the like untochizedek a Son Holy God, Priesthood—all gospel, failing to prayers, family have it priest 7:3. continually."Inspired held (Heb. same. Thoseone and the who

failing to use the priesthood when sickVersion.) He further said, "Those holdwere high priests and patriarchs—it had

no appendages. From Moses to Jesus ness uninvitingly stalks the home. Husing the fulness of the Melchizedek

the prevailing priesthood was Aaronic bands and sons are sometimes lax in Priesthood are kings and priests of the

1068 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Most High God, holding the keys of vating of his church. To begin with by speaking in kind words and soft

power and blessing."Our Lord aphe requested a new chandelier. After tones.

praised this wonderful gift in these three or four weeks had elapsed and it "Love envieth not."We look at others

words: hadn't arrived, he approached one of and think the grass is greener on their

"... all they who receive this priestthe deacons on the board and inquired side. We sometimes might wonder

hood receive me,... why. He was informed there were why ours seems not as green, but love

"And he that receiveth me receiveth three reasons: "First, it hadn't been envieth not. "Love vaunteth not itself,

my Father; ordered because there was no one on the is not puffed up."(See ibid., 13:4.) In

"And he that receiveth my Father board who could spell 'chandelier.'other words, love teaches true humility.

receiveth my Father's kingdom; thereSecond, we were afraid there wouldn't Jesus taught it in one parable [parable

fore all that my Father hath shall be be anyone to play it when it came. And of Pharisee and Publican], "Whosoever

given unto him."(D&C 84:35, 3738.) third, what we really need in this shall exalt himself shall be abased; and

No mortal man will ever realize all church is more light."he that shall humble himself shall be

of the blessings in this great promise I recognize we have light today which exalted."(Matt. 23:12.)

as he dwells here in this mundane comes through our prophet and mouthDaniel Webster had a great thought lives, everlastingperiod of our but by also is the light have asked, from the highest the when "What piece. We

of is attained priesthoodreason which of the teachings Master almost that two has ever entered thought your promise honored, God's haveand we I like years ago, should thousand and mind?"answered, accountHe "My like that sometime become we may I this to at believe speak ability time to on what Almighty God.""... all that Fatherunto God. my is in today, a crying the need world on a of testimony the have who We shall given unto him."behath (D&C of of principle gospel basic the the gospel should recognize accountabilour Incidentally, some84:38.) had God

is love. Jesus Christ ity which to regardless of our what God those not to about saything do who

so scriptures teach: "For The in business, in God achievements might be I their not priesthood. havehonor

his that loved world, only the gave he affairs. in civic school, in church, into inject his to dour warningtime

that believeth begotten Son, whosoever said: further Paul "Love not doth All the today. hold remarks whomy in perish, should not have itself but 1 him (See unseemly."Cor. behave read priesthood, however, should what

life."everlasting 3:16.) This (John 13:5.) said.he

this of great indicates the depth it said in President a few McKay priesthood, the bear you who To may principle. are ago: in here time words some "We I say: of In possesinventory an your

exemplified the Savior selfto It was by mortality of develop the power spiritual, mental, andsions—physical, earth. he lived the single upon one when mastery."Every day have On we if honored, mayfinancial—priesthood, occasion, of queried the he art was one by this of to practise opportunity it asset; thebe your greatest could be

best investment you ever made. It costs scribes: "What is the great commandself-mastery.

you nothing; its dividends can be fabument in the law?"In reply, Jesus Again Paul said, "Love seeketh not

lous. Appraise it honestly and list it taught an eternal truth. "Thou shalt her own."(See ibid., 13:5.) The Savior

high up among your assets on your love the Lord thy God with all thy taught by his own example, to lose life's balance sheet. And you who are heart, and with all thy soul, and with ourselves in the service of others. Our

not honoring your priesthood, debit it all thy mind, and with all thy strength: beloved prophet said on his ninetieth

high up on the liability side of your this is the first commandment. birthday: "You may travel the world

life's balance sheet. It could well be "And the second is like, namely, this. over but you will not find happiness or

your greatest liability. You could, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thycontentment until you lose yourself in

sooner or later, find yourself bankrupt self...."(Mark 12:3031.) "On these the service of mankind."This, of course,

in the kingdom of God. As of this day, two commandments hang all the law would mean sacrifice to God and

is your priesthood an asset or a liability? and the prophets."(Matt. 22:40.) our neighbor.

I bear testimony regarding the power There was none other commandment Continuing, Paul said: "Love is not

of the priesthood in our restored Church, greater than these, so said Jesus. (Idem.) easily provoked. Love thinketh no evil.

in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. The Apostle Paul spoke on this great Love rejoiceth not in iniquity, but in

principle many times in plain, underthe truth."(See ibid., 13:5-6.) Paul, we

standable language. see, had a depth of understanding reEven though changing conditions garding this great principle of love and

exist in the world today, and many the blessings to be attained by those people are confused, the application of who would honor and recognize and this one principle in our everyday lives put into effect in their lives these two will bring happiness, contentment, commandments, for he said: "Eye hath

if Surely, of into the I love heart fellow I will entered man, the man, my lie cheat LOVE notand peace. not seen, nor ear heard, neither have him, him, hath prepared about things which or commit God

of evil against him. So them that love him."(1 Cor. 2:9.) ONE any manner for

ANOTHER trulyagain,findlovinghappiness,all my contentment,fellow men, Iandwilla stakesAs I eachtour missionsweek, I haveor comea greatinto hopeyour peace that passeth understanding. for the future because of the many just

John Longden Paul was inspired to reveal the virtues, plain, good people who are applying

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve or may we call them ingredients, of all the principles of love in their lives.

is love Addressing composed. which the I bless say to you, you. God

I sisters, brothers grateso and SaintsMy Corinthian am membership had who English statesman, The Williamful this to to salutation able be use of and Christ, in the Jesus Paul Church said: look Gladstone, to forward "We sisters that are brothers said: sufferethknow and is kind."long "Love we and

in the kingdom of Jesus Christ. A story (See 1 Cor. 13:4.) We sing a great the time when the power of love will

I read recently is appropriate here. hymn, maybe not often enough, "Let replace the love of power; then will

A preacher in a small community deUs Oft Speak Kind Words to Each our world know the blessing of peace."

cided to do some remodeling and renoOther."So much more is accomplished What a difference the placing of words

DECEMBER 1963 1069 makes. The love of power or the power the Church to find so many members basis of the Every Member a Missionof love—worlds apart! accepting the admonition of President ary Program.

It is essential to love God, love his McKay to be missionaries. How many First, ask people what they know

Son Jesus Christ and love our neighbor of you have had the joy of seeing your about the Church and if they would ask the goldenas Weourselves.are living in a world of automafriendsin the Churchand neighborsand be baptized,take an becauseinterest likequestions.to know more—yes,

tion. Machines seem to be taking over of your being a missionary? Second, take your friends and neighall our jobs. Edwin Markham, an Today I would like to talk to you bors to church meetings and socials.

American poet, had a great idea that about the Every Member a Missionary Third, live the gospel. As your

is worth repeating: "The way things program—an inspired, effective, and friends and neighbors feel your love,

are going, we had better learn to do interesting plan. One of the important they will want to know more about

things machines can't do. Love each characteristics of the Church of Jesus the Church.

other, for instance."Christ is missionary activity. The All three of these ways are part of

Throughout his ministry, the Master Savior has charged us to "... teach all the referral program as you arrange for

kept repeating the importance of love nations, baptizing them in the name of the missionaries to teach the interested on many occasions. He said: "A new the Father, and of the Son, and of the persons. When you find interested

commandment I give unto you, that ye Holy Ghost."(Matt. 28:19.) And every persons either by personal contact, over

love one another; as I have loved you, nation includes our friends and the peothe telephone, or by correspondence,

that ye also love one another. ple we casually meet regardless of bring them into your home, preferably

"By this shall all men know that ye where we live. in a group and ask the missionaries in

is: If discussions. give the question they relato them a The How can we,are if ye have love one to my disciples,

tively are of the area, out this group, small great bishop have your accomplishanother."(John 13:3435.)

give responsibility? the of Certainly address not and with the you name a teacher you think who drove Do

sixteen or the nearest stake to fulltime, mission the thousand where and battered old miles in a twentysome interested lives district missionaries person the send and we now stake,have—reto a there meetingcar whenever was

referral gardless presito the are! stake or mission good they of how little girl livedpick one who up just

details But, our beloved dent together Prophet with you David O. of how love of a the stake areain a remote had

secured given the has us other the pertinent Every and name McKay Member I that forof fellow doubt her men? God a plan. Missionary information. take can the We doing. really she was whatanyone knew gospel to elaborate kindred, nation, every Let the three tongue, on ways me

it.I just to hear about happened find to as people the persons and Every can you want a Misknow Member who faith give us and the Oh, God may is sionary the giving about understood plan Church, a by more used and you

of this to desirethe put commandment effectively interesting examples: throughout few the and Church "... effect. love aninto onethe Lord First, ask the questions as using golden by bemethods you modern which

I that ye loved you,other; as have teleas or available personally people over the the his meet Lord come pours

shall also love one another."(Ibid., Spirit upon all flesh. phone or through the mail. I have

13:24.) Then the world may know Heretofore, missionaries generally asked the golden questions hundreds of

that we are true disciples of the Lord spent most of their time in finding intimes, and I have never embarrassed

Jesus Christ. God give us the faith, terested persons to teach and a small myself or the person I have asked. A

the courage, the determination to make part of their time in teaching. Now, few weeks ago I was registering in a

application of these two great commandthe Every Member a Missionary plan motel in Raleigh, North Carolina. I

ments in our lives each day, I humbly gives the members a chance to do misasked the golden questions of the young pray in the name of the Lord Jesus sionary work by finding interested perman at the desk. He was not interChrist, our Savior. Amen. sons for the missionaries to teach. This ested, but the young man standing begreatly increases the effectiveness of the hind him overheard our conversation.

missionaries. They can teach many He had been to Salt Lake City, was

more people, particularly as they are impressed, and wanted to know more. I

taught in groups. told him we had missionaries in Raleigh,

In working with the east coast misand he gave me his name and address.

sions, I find that the great increase in He was very interested in having the convert baptisms, and especially bapmissionaries call and tell him more tisms of entire families, is more and about the Church. I immediately

more attributable to the fact that a turned this golden contact over to the greater number of members are finding missionaries.

the loving members are teach—and EVERY interested persons for the missionaries A bishop's wife in Atlanta, Georgia,

of opportunity had the meeting it. knowwantedhowto door missionarywhen she workcouldbutfinddidn'tthe to We MEMBER many of these wonderful members and time and still take care of her young

hearing of their exciting and happy family. The missionaries suggested that A experiences. I am confident that there she telephone proselyte, ask the golden

are thousands of members of the Church questions over the telephone from her MISSIONARY that have a sincere desire to do missionown home in the evening after the ary work, but don't know what to do children were in bed. She told me that

Franklin D. Richards or how to do it. How then can a the missionaries showed her how and

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve member, regardless of age or sex, become that it was thrilling and most rewardan effective missionary within the meaning and not embarrassing. She has

My dear brothers and sisters: ing of the prophet's admonition—Every found many interested persons for the

Sister Richards and I have recently Member a Missionary? missionaries to teach.

returned from the missions on the east You ask, what can I do? Well, you During the last year, thousands of

coast, and we rejoice in the tremendous can find persons who would like to letters have been written asking the growth of the kingdom. I am continuknow more about the Church. But, golden questions. Many have responded,

ally amazed and pleased as I travel how can I find such persons? The folasking that the missionaries call on

throughout the missions and stakes of lowing three ways are pretty much the them, others have asked for literature

1070 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or the Home Study guide—discussions strong from henceforth; fear not for the upon this earth today and tomorrow is

by mail. Recently a woman from kingdom is yours."(D&C 38:15.) So to be found in the knowledge and apOceola, Iowa, wrote us—"I am so glad let's not fear henceforth—ask the golden preciation of man's relationship to God,

that you are sending me these discusquestions, take your friends and neighhis dependence upon God, and his sions. I thank you. Would it be too bors to Church meetings and socials, obedience to God's laws.

much to ask you to send me more of and live the gospel. As you* do these "There is absolutely nothing of such

Joseph Smith's works?"things, you will find many persons great worth to man as to know God."

Now the second way of finding interwho are interested in knowing more In my childhood, we had mottoes ested persons is by taking your friends about the Church, and you will be a hanging on our walls sometimes emand neighbors to church meetings missionary within the meaning of the broidered, sometimes painted, these for and socials. In Bowling Green, Kenprophet's admonition—Every Member decoration and for inspiration. One I

tucky, the Relief Society needed an a Missionary. remember read: "What is home without

organist. The president asked a non- "Remember the worth of souls is a mother."From my infancy, every time

member friend to help them out. She great in the sight of God"; (Ibid., I entered the house, I called, "Mama,"

replied she would be glad to, and before 18:10.) And again the Lord has said: over and over until I found her. Totally

long she became interested, was taught "And if it so be that you should labor satisfied in the security her presence the gospel by the missionaries and was all your days in crying repentance unto afforded, I ran again to play. Just to

baptized. this people, and bring, save it be one know she was there! That was all.

In the Southern States Mission a soul unto me, how great shall be your When I was eleven, Mother passed young girl was walking home with a joy with him in the kingdom of away and from my aching heart came friend and began humming, "Come, my Father! numerous times, "Mama,"as I entered

Come, Ye Saints."Her friend said, "And now, if your joy will be great the house, but there were only mocking

"My that's a beautiful melody. What with one soul that you have brought echoes of emptiness. Later the void was

is it?"The girl told her about it and unto me into the kingdom of my Father, filled when our stepmother gave presmade a date to take her to a church how great will be your joy if you should ence to the home and again through my

service. After attending a few times bring many souls unto me!"(Ibid., youth, I called and found my security

she arranged for the missionaries to 18:1516.) in the welcome answer, "I am here, son."

teach her family. The family have all My brothers and sisters, we are enIt was the same red brick house

been baptized and are happy, doing gaged in building the kingdom. I know through the days of security and the

their part in building the kingdom. that God lives and that Jesus is the days of desolation, the same shelffilled

I mentioned living the gospel as the Christ. The gospel has been restored pantry, the same wood stove and water

third way to find interested persons. in its fulness, and it is our duty and tank, the same parlor with its rag

About ten days ago I was showing a great opportunity to share it with others. carpet and the same old clock ticking

man and his wife from Iowa around Joseph Smith was a great prophet, away the hours and days and years, but

Temple Square. They were very interand David O. McKay is a great prophet. stability and sureness and peace were

ested and particularly so when Brother May we sustain our prophet in every there, for Mother was there, and seAlexander Schreiner took an active inway. curity was there, and the house breathed

terest in them, showing them the organ Yes, the Every Member a Missionary belongingness.

and how it is played. Brother Schreiner program is inspired and is effective. On Labor Day 2,000 young people

really went the extra mile. I asked May we get the vision of two million converged on the little resort town of

them if they knew any members of our missionaries bringing souls into the Seaside, Oregon, repeating their last

Church in Iowa. They replied, yes, a kingdom, and may we feel the joy, year's devastation, smashing windows,

wonderful family. Recently when a happiness, and salvation that comes ripping street and shop signs down, and

friend of theirs had a baby, this famfrom active missionary work, I pray in requiring 100 police plus National ily took the children of the woman the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Guardsmen to quell the rioting, and I

who was having the baby into their wondered if these 2,000 homes from home while the mother was in the which they came were normal ones with hospital. Both Brother Schreiner and a mother at home who could answer,

the Iowa family were evidencing their "Yes, dear, I am here."

love of their fellow men. These inciAgain, the news reported 30,000 teendents have been an important factor agers rioting on a California beach,

in interesting this couple. They exfilling beer cans and bottles with sand

pressed a desire to know more about and throwing them at police, boys the Church. stripping girls and sex indulgence com- A short time ago while having dinner KEEP mon and unabashed. And we wondered

restaurant, fathers these asked York our 30,000 were we many ofin a New waiter, a cars for their very the MOTHERS howfurnishing golden fine man, and moneyquestions. He replied enthusiastically IN THE children to vacation at resorts; for beer

that he had been to Utah and Caliand brutishness, and who provided thefornia and had met several Latterday HOME gasoline, and who paid the fines?

Saint families, was very much impressed And, we wondered how many of the with their way of life, and would like Spencer W. Kimball 30,000 mothers were making homes and

to know more about the Church. He Of the Council of the Twelve how many making money. How can

gave us his address in Brooklyn and mothers justify their abandonment of seemed anxious to have the missionBrothers and sisters and friends of the home when they are needed so much aries call at his home and give him and air audience: by their offspring? Rationalization must

his family the discussions. We promptly Today we remember with deep affectake over as they justify themselves in

gave this good referral to the mission tion our beloved leader Henry D. Moyle, leaving home and children.

president in New York. and from his stirring sermon last April Of course, there are some mothers who

Most of us have had unusual expericonference, we can still hear his earnest must work out to support their children, ences with people becoming interested voice saying: but let every working mother honestly

and wanting to know more about the "I believe with all my heart and soul weigh the matter and be sure the Lord

Church. The Lord has said, "Be ye that the solution to our problems here approves before she rushes her babies

DECEMBER 1963 1071 off to the nursery, her children off to practising her music lesson. None of hours! Of these about 400,000 children

school, her husband off to work, and the three had gone upstairs. under twelve years of age must care

herself off to her employment. Let her Still another voice later called, for themselves entirely while their

be certain that she is not rationalizing "Mother,"as she unloaded her high mothers work. Onethird of all mothers

herself away from her children merely school books. And, again the sweet with children under eighteen are in paid

to provide for them greater material answer, "I am up here sewing, darling,"employment. My statistics come from

things. Let her analyze well before seemed to reassure her. We became the Children's Bureau of the US Deshe permits her precious ones to come acquainted, and she tripped up the partment of Health Education and Welhome to an empty house where their stairs to tell her mother the happenfare and other dependable sources. This

plaintive cry, "Mother,"finds no lovings of the day in a sweet mothermeans that in this country, one child ing answer. daughter relationship. Home! Mother! in 13 under 12 must look out for himDo not these absentee mothers and Security! Just to know Mother was self. In the 1011 year old group, the

millions of approving fathers know that home. All was well. ratio is one in five without care while

basic attitudes towards standards, mor- A child is happy if he feels that he the mother is at work.

ality, the Church, and God are develis wanted and enjoyed by his parents. It is shocking! Nearly onethird of all

oped in the family circle and are quite He needs to feel that his parents will be our young matrons, 18 to 24, are breakwell set while they are still small there, especially in a crisis. ing the law of God in not bearing chilchildren? This mother, too, could have had a dren, or if they are having children,

It is said: "Give me a child until he job. Her children also could use more are they neglecting the helpless little

is seven and then do with him what things her wages could provide. She ones?

you will."These first years are so vital. also could have rationalized that two President McKay said, "The more

The Lord said: "My sheep hear my salaries could give her children more woman becomes like man, the less he

voice..."(John 10:27). So do the little advantages, more outings, travel, and will respect her. Civilization weakens as

ones respond to their own mothers. The vacations, more clothes, gifts, and luxman's estimate of woman lessens."

maid, the neighbor, the sister, the granduries. But, this mother knew well that We are told that the average age

mother may clothe and feed and diaper a child needs a mother available more when women cease bearing children is the child, but no one can take the place than all the things which money about 26; yet in these vital years, nearly

of mother. This is impressed upon us can buy. one of every three is working outside

by the story of the sixyear-old who got The Parents Magazine says: "The her home. When such masses of

lost from his mother in a large superfeeling of security is the core and founmothers are employed out, what may market and began to call frantically, dation for good mental health. we expect from the offspring?

"Martha, Martha.""Most of tbe married women over 35 How nearly perfect can a mother be

When the mother was found and they in the labor force (says this authority) who rushes in the morning to get were reunited, she said: "Honey, you are working not because their families everybody off and settled for the day,

should not call me Martha, I am really 'need the money,'but in order herself included, then returns weary 'Mother'to you."to maintain a higher standard of living, after a hard day of employment to a

To which the little fellow rejoined: get away from some housework, and tired husband who has had a hard

"Yes, I know, but the store was full of lead, as they suppose, a more interestday and to children and youth with mothers, and I wanted mine."ing and richer life."problems, and then to her homemaking,

Children need security, special love, A prominent judge listed the causes of cooking, cleaning, and then to> a full and to be wanted. juvenile delinquency: social calendar. From such homes come

At a distant conference, my plane First, destructive toys and games such many conflicts, marital problems, and brought me to the city many hours as guns and other symbols of violence. divorces, and delinquent children. Few

early. The stake president met me at Second, working mothers; and third, people in trouble ever ascribe their

the airport and took me to his home fathers who work two shifts, absenting marital conflicts to these first causes, and, having important work to do, exthemselves from the home except to but blame each other for the problems cused himself and returned to his work. eat and sleep. which were born and nurtured in

With the freedom of the house, I spread His long list of causes ended with this: strained environments. Certainly the

my papers on the kitchen table and beLack of religious training and discipline harmonious relationship of father and gan my work. His wife was upstairs in the home and schools, and lack of mother and the emotional climate

sewing. In midafternoon, there came love in the home. My reference is prevailing between parents give soundan abrupt entry from the front door, Judge Jacob M. Braude of the Circuit ness and security to children.

and a little fellow came running in, Court of Cook County (Chicago), President Belle S. Spafford speaking

surprised to see me, but we became Illinois. to her world of Relief Society mothers

friends. Then he ran through the These lacks were inherent in the said:

rooms calling, "Mother,"and she anparents, but it was the children who "Children should be cherished with swered from upstairs, "What is it, suffered. the strongest bonds of affection;... No

darling?"and his answer was, "Oh, Twentyfour million women in the effort should be too much, no sacrifice

nothing."He went out to play. United States work outside the home. too great to protect them from evil and

A little later another voice came in This is onethird of all in the total preserve them in righteousness.... The

the front door calling, "Mother, Mothlabor force, and 80% of them have love and the sanctity of the home should er."He put his schoolbooks on the living husbands. be zealously safeguarded...."

table and explored the house until the In 1890, only 5.5% of the wives under And she speaks of mothers'obligareassuring answer came from upstairs 35 and living with husbands were tions

again, "Here I am, darling,"and the working. By 1957, it was 27.7% and "... to make all else in life subsecond one was satisfied and said, now it is about a third of those wives servient to the wellbeing of our homes

"OK"and went to play. Another half between 18 and 24. and families.

hour and the door opened again and a In the labor force are about 2.5 milyoung teenager moved in, dropped her lion women whose children are under "Always in the Church, people have

books and called, "Mother."And the six, and 5.4 million with children under been admonished to marry in the House

answer from upstairs, "Yes, darling,"twelve years of age. Think of it: a of the Lord, to establish homes, and

seemed to satisfy, and the young girl possible twelve to fifteen million chilbear and rear children in righteousness."

became acquainted with me, then began dren without a mother through crucial Brigham Young says:

1072 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "It is the calling of the wife and around in cars or hanging around on who ought to help in family finances mother... (to tie) her offspring to the street corners at all hours of the and who need occupation for their

herself with a love that is stronger day and the night, I am amazed at their abundant energy.

than death for an everlasting inability to stay out of trouble as well How many children today contribute heritance...."(Discourses of Brigham as they do... idleness is a prime factor toward the family living? Parents perYoung, p. 198.) in most juvenile misbehavior...."mit the youth to idle away their time.

In this important city crime has inHe continues: "I find the average "Can't get a job,"they say. Why,

creased three times faster than it did parent of the average employable but bless your souls, the world is crying in the nation during 1962, said our unemployed youngster to be weak, overfor helpers. Have we spoiled our chillocal newspaper. And crime in the past protective, and overindulgent. Both he dren paying them for every effort? I

five years increased four times faster and his wife work to afford their child heard a fifteenyear-old complaining bethan population, four serious crimes the niceties of life which they now concause he received only sixty cents per minute recorded on the crime clock. sider necessities. All the comforts of an hour.

One authority gave us: "The more the home plus a car and a gasoline credit 'What can we do?"they cry. "Where

parents approve of each other, the more card...."can we go?"Listen, youth, go home,

the child will be welcome,—the most This judge says these parents are a roll up your sleeves; pick cotton, hoe

important single factor in the developgeneration of wellintentioned ones the corn, thin the beets. Yes, before

ment of the child is the emotional rearing a generation of sloths—Judge and after school and Saturdays and vaclimate prevailing between his parents."Robert Gardner of the Juvenile Court cation days! It won't hurt you to store

Are music and dancing lessons and of Santa Ana, California. your ball and bat and hiking togs. Hang

camps and clothes justified when it may A woman who had not been able to the storm windows, paint the fence, mean the sacrifice of the home and hold a job in spite of the fact that she wash the car, pick the fruit, mow the mother on the altar of employment? was welltrained and highly educated lawn, repair the screen, plant a garden,

One girl said, "I really don't want explained: "Oh, it's not odd at all. cultivate flowers, trim the trees.

to go to the girls'camp. I'd rather stay My parents never expected me to work, As we read of delinquency and crime,

home with Mother, but Mother is not and for that reason I never expected 2,000,000 serious crimes in this land in home to stay with."Are we glamorizing to, either."She seemed to feel un- a year, and as we note many are comout-ofhome activities for our children abashed, and that such was reason mitted by girls and boys, we ask ourwhen they should be home helping or enough. selves what is the cause and what are

off to work themselves? The judge proceeds: "This type of parthe cures? In an adequate survey it

Absenteeism of mothers is often linked ent blindly accepts Junior's plaint: 'I was learned that a majority of youth

with idle youth—delinquent youth. can't find a job.'wish responsibility and will thrive on it.

When we read of the recent Labor Day "Can't find a job! Well, Junior, I "What can we do?"they ask again.

escapades by tens of thousands of high have news for you! These are boom Do the shopping, work in the hosschool and college young people on their times. A whole generation of us grew pital, help the neighbors and the church

mass invasions of resort towns, we up during the depression when there custodian, wash dishes, vacuum the wonder again: Why are they permitted were no jobs, but we found jobs anyfloors, make the beds, get the meals,

leisure till they become sick with boreway. Oh, they weren't good jobs, but learn to sew.

dom? Home is drab so they resort to they were jobs. There were always Read good books, repair the furnidestructiveness and immorality. jobs—mean, disagreeable, backbreaking ture, make something needed in the

One judge said: "These mad vacations jobs. And many of these jobs didn't home, clean the house, press your

make their biggest appeal to youngsters pay very much and they were hard and clothes, rake the leaves, shovel the who have too little to do.... We they were long hours and they were snow, peddle papers, do "baby sitting"

never have any trouble with kids who not desirable."free for neighbor mothers who must

have real interests, real hobbies, a Do youth look for work in the cotton work, become an apprentice.

radio ham, or a real athlete."fields, in the beet fields, in the hay J. Edgar Hoover of the FBI said, "Our

The idle generation! Hours each day fields, the jobs that are taken by itineryouthful delinquency is a problem

and nothing to do. Saturdays and ant workers brought from Mexico and which strikes practically every home in

nothing to do. Three long months of other foreign lands? America. It is something to which every

school vacation and nothing to do. No Some judges give arrested youth a parent should give the deepest conone has found a truer adage than: "The choice to get a job within thirty days sideration and the said responsibility

idle brain is the devil's workshop."or be locked up, and seldom have had for youth law infraction today lies more

Another judge states that "Too many to lock up any. If the alternative is unon the doorstep of the adult than it

kids are loafing. Parents do not make pleasant enough, somehow Junior finds does on the youth. In the majority of

children get jobs. And, this helps them employment. instances the story of juvenile delininto trouble... there is an alarming To this philosophy, there are requency is the story of shattered homes

lack of employment among our young joinders from many sources which cry where parents are neglectful, indifferent, people... and idleness among those there are not enough jobs to go around and fail to exercise the proper degree

who come before me...."and that a job for a youngster means of discipline."

He is not talking about the pallid, a job lost to the head of a family. And One parent wrote to youth: "Your

spindly urchin, working twelve hours a the answer of the judge to this is, "Get parents do not owe you entertainment;

day in coal mines but of the hulking women out of the factories and put your villages do not owe you recreation youth sitting around while his hardthem back into the home where they facilities; the world does not owe you a

working, doting parents support him. belong... cooking, sewing, cleaning living; you owe the world; you owe it

It is foolish to expect an energetic house and doing the traditional woman's your time, your energy, your talents, exuberant youth to live normally when work. It would do both for them and yourself. In plain simple words, grow

he has his free time largely to himself their neglected youngsters a world up, get out of your dream world; deincluding three idle months of summer of good."velop your backbone, a backbone not a

vacation. I quote him further, If a few million of the working wishbone, and start acting like a man

"As I see young people of what I mothers who need not work were to go or a lady...."

consider an employable age sitting home to their families, there might be Lawmakers in their overeagerness to around driveins or malt shops, on park employment for men now unemployed protect the child have legislated until benches, or at the beaches, cruising and part and fulltime work for youth the pendulum has swung to the other

DECEMBER 1963 1073 extreme. But no law prohibits most society to conserve the smaller incomes communication between God and man,

work suggested above, and parents can and to be real mothers, then the word between a loving, allknowing Father make work. delinquency would cease to terrify us. and his searching, seeking children.

President David O. McKay said: "We May we organize our homes, disciThis communication includes prayer,

are living in an age of gadgetry which pline our children, and create nations inspiration, impressions from the divine threatens to produce a future generaof homes such as our Heavenly Father source upon the mind of man, the findtion of softness. Flabbiness of character has planned, I pray in the name of ings of truth through earnest seeking

more than flabbiness of muscle lies at Jesus Christ. Amen. and research, and also what is called

the root of most of the problems facing revelation, to which the ninth Article our American youth."of our Faith refers in these words: "We

Are these iconoclasts from normal believe all that God has revealed, all homes with normal fathers and moththat He does now reveal, and we beers? Or, are those parents income lieve that He will yet reveal many

producers who satisfy their every selfish great and important things pertaining desire for social life, comforts, golf, to the Kingdom of God."

travel,parties, drinking at the expense of or all the answers knows any Who Saturday Morning Session, October 5, 1963of their children? the answers? Since ultimate one no

Do the families of these window does, they must come from continued in prayer night kneel andsmashers continued prayerful revelation—from depredations? these beforemorning Do search. seeking and COMMUNICATION picfamily evenings, familythey have has There been some among men

tonics, vacations, entertainment and closed, suggestion that are the heavens L. Richard Evans of these such parentsgether? Do is rescripture that that closed; God of Council the Twelve Of the discipline in the exercisehoodlums his his will to vealed prophets and mind

children or are the emancipatedhome past, far in the but for some reason does President, beloved and my beloved restraint, duties, from and from Myfrom today. so not do sisters: brethren andcontrols?

his less today guidance we need Do a For a third of than more century this everincreasing slow down To once did? have men Do we to than has to been speak juvenile of there is a itrate my privilege delinquency,

problems? just a and Would of times through you many cry: have manygrowing more must my fewer "We

loving Father love us did less than he the with reformatories. Tabernacletention Choir and homes Wedeassociation

his children of past? the kind What its series remarkably public appropriated long and of broadmoreneed money

for better facilities, more highly trained casts and through other organizations and loving father would fail or refuse specialists, social workers, psychologists and activities. But I feel a weighty to respond to his children if they apand psychiatrists. We need larger jails, responsibility this morning in speaking proached him with urgent need and

more police."to you of some things that are close to humble hearts?

Certainly, it must be apparent that my heart and important to my life, and What gracious and allwise Adminall this is but an attempted control of a which are vitally a part of the prinistrator of heaven and earth would igmalady of epidemic proportions. Have ciples and convictions of the Church to nore the problems of the present or

leave his children to grope alone failed? Isn't expertsthe to the honor I have belong—The life? to fundamentals?back of Christ Latterday in of Jesus "Weit timeneedto comemore whichChurch

money,"they say, but we have spent in Saints, sometimes inaccurately referred The comforting answer to these questhe last decade $78 billion on eleto as the "Mormon"Church, whose head tions is that the channels of commentary and high schools for the and lawgiver is our Lord and Savior, munication are open; that our God and

children, yet delinquency increases; Jesus the Christ, who with his Father Father is still interested in all our

affairs; that his he has prophet cars; for on earth; $127 billion$110 billion on the Father

still of us all—is the foundation that his gives in his to children herecreation, immorality, what hoodand faith. of our

lumism, sadism, and vandalism grow It is God the Father and his Son our wisdom they need and seek and are apace, and to make it worse, $180 bilSavior whom we worship. This places prepared to accept.

noth- "Surely the will do Lord God all sincere his secret his revealeth but he unto being, ourNo—moneylion in cosmetics,is nottobacco,the answer!and alcohol.Surely worshipingus on commonChristians,ground throughwith

we must realize that an ounce of prelief in the divinity of the Lord Jesus servants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.)

vention is worth tons of cure. Christ. It places us on common ground "Where there is no vision, the people

the indicated long has ago Lord (Prov. perish."The 29:18.) all in also believe other with who men

of pattern prevention.perfect has vifor He their prophets need This and all, of us Father Creator the and God

in a family the withorganized home the people us testifies, sion—lest as scripture in image, whose perish—prompts

It takes pursuits.unified magician no Article of Faith: another to quote "We are made. men to social the authority wherenor know in organization believe the that same literal this relasince have we Now is lies, cure the preventhaterror and (i.e. the in the existed Primitive Church in tionship Father with our heaven and religious sweettion. a the home With in the our Savior founded by Church his Savior, the matter Son, Lord our and love discipline and and withone viz., apostles, of Time), Meridian of and between communication God parentchild bliss sweetparental and evangelists, pastors, teachers, prophets, his loving a Father between and man, if there few, berelationships, would our not (Article etc."6.) Would of a children, primary matter becomes corprodigals. Reformatoriesany, and as organized Savior's be today Church is all life for search a social close; importance—for institutions couldrection earth? he on was when its of for search purpose and jails their doors; lockagencies could us—a Latterof of Christ Jesus Church The to for search the answers prisoners, be and war few meaning—a havewould this in sustains conference Saints day that to questions,outlawed. problems—answers President has David O. McKay, who hearts, satisfy of will the our yearnings this the All building could by come

this his in before stood us morning are of the minds. our reaching These spiritual into of theof people the homes

fortresses. If fathers would give themanswers that can only come from a ninetyfirst year, in his kindly wisdom

selves to their families and mothers divine source. and farseeing perception; sustains him

come home from employment and high This brings us to the question of as a prophet of God in this latter day,

1074 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with the same divine commission that respect and love, sharing hopes and "Not understood. How trifles often

was given to the prophets of the past. dreams and plans and experiences. And change us.

Some have asked about our belief in there is safety in this—safety in doing The thoughtless sentence or the fanthe Book of Mormon. The Book of nothing that we would not be willing cied slight

Mormon is not a substitute for the and proud to confide to parents or to Destroys long years of friendship, and

Bible. We accept the Bible and use our Father in heaven, who in fact knows estranges us,

the King James Version. But we do all things whether or not we confide. And on our souls there falls a freeznot believe that the Lord God confined There is safety in a mother and a ing blight:

his communications to the people of father waiting for children to return Not understood.

ancient Palestine or to any place or at whatever hour—safety in these close

period of the past. He has had prophets confidences. "Not understood. How many breasts

in other places. The Book of Mormon, Husbands and wives need to confide are aching,

which supplements the Bible and is and communicate with each other and For lack of sympathy? Ah! day to day,

compatible with it, is an account of not withdraw themselves within themHow many cheerless, lonely hearts are the counsels and communications of selves, but to keep always open between breaking!

God, as is the Bible, and contains sacred them a gentle and frank and kindly How many noble spirits pass away, and secular history, given to and precommunication. Not understood.

served by the prophets of ancient AmerThose who don't communicate someica, among whom were some of the times sit in brooding silence, and let "O God, that men would see a little ancestors of the American Indians. small things seem large, and imagine clearer,

God is no respecter of persons and offenses that were never intended, and Or judge less harshly where they canhas not confined his communication to misjudge minds and hearts and motives, not see!

one part of his family, to one time of and pull apart and sever the most sa- O God, that men would draw a little history, or to one land. cred ties, and break hearts and homes. nearer

Now not only does our Father in There is so much of misunderstanding To one another! They'd be nearer

heaven communicate by revelation, by that could be cleared with communicaThee inspiration, but he reveals truth also tion, with talking things out—suspicions, And understood."

to earnest searching, seeking men in offenses, misjudging motives, much of many fields of truth. Knowledge has which would disappear with communi-—Thomas Bracken

been poured out upon the earth, the cation and the sincere sharing of evidences of which are too numerous to confidences with those who have a right I would leave my witness with you dwell upon. to expect us to confide. As a poet so that there is purpose in life, that there

And not only does he reveal his will long ago expressed itis a Father in heaven who made us in to his servants the prophets and to sinhis own image; that he did send his

cere searching men, but he responds to "Not understood. We move along Son, our Savior, to redeem us from

that death; revealed himself God has asunder, child's simplest,a simplest prayer—the the prophets of the through man paths grow wider as the seasons tosincere desire of the mindOur soul. He is

ful of every one of us in all our needs, creep latter days even as through the prophets in all of our decisions, in all our uses Along the years; we marvel and we of the far past; that he is interested

of life, in the thoughts of our innerwonder in his children; that he responds to

most hearts, and our outermost actions. Why life is life, and then we fall prayer; that he gives the revelations of

And aside from revelation as such, there asleep, his mind and will; that men are imis eternal; that there mortal and and Not understood.is impression whisperthe within—the everlasting reason purpose for the and of the Spirit toings conthe hearts and

sciences of men. "Not understood. We gather false imrighteous living of life, for keeping his

And not only do we need communicapressions commandments, for cherishing, servtion with our Father in heaven, but we And hug them closer as the years go ing, and loving one another.

need communication and understanding by, We would share with you these words with one another. So often we misTill virtues often seem to us transfrom King Benjamin from the Book of

gressions; Mormon: motives; misjudgejudge men. we We

"Believe in God; believe that he is, And thus men rise and fall and live believebelieve not only rumors, and

them, but sometimes add to them and and die, and that he created all things, both pass them on. We sometimes believe Not understood. in heaven and in earth; believe that he

what gossip and prejudice says of others, has all wisdom, and all power, both rather than going to factual sources of "Not understood. Poor souls with in heaven and in earth; believe that

vision stunted all the not comprehend man doth reach concluofteninformation. We

can comprehend. measure the Lord which giants by their narrow things sheer assumptions.sions based on "O Oft

mortal men,"said Dante, "be wary how gauge. "And again, believe that ye must

ye judge."The poisoned shafts of falsehood and repent of your sins and forsake them,

Parents need better communication derision and humble yourselves before God; and

with their children, and children with Are oft impelled 'gainst those who ask in sincerity of heart that he would if believe forgive age, you; now, you and remould the toparents. counsel need and They

... see things all these understood. that ye do them. Not inspect each confide other each and

children will ye your not suffer "Andother the share other each with and transgress laws. that the they of God, "Not understood. The secret springs of.. hearts. of theirthoughts more What

action, with anquarrel one and and fight charge couldimportant have anyone is the the devil, serve and who lie beneath the surface and other, in Which life care than to nourish and for and... of sin, the master snow,

understand and teach and love a child Are disregarded; with selfsatisfaction "But ye will teach them to walk in

whom God has given? What greater We judge our neighbors as they often the ways of truth and soberness; ye will

loyalty can a child have than to congo, teach them to love one another, and to fide in a father and a mother with Not understood. serve one another.

DECEMBER 1963 1075 "... I say unto you, that there shall command. May God bless you and the gospel of Jesus Christ has been rebe no other name given nor any other peace be with you—always, I pray in stored to the earth in these latter days.

way nor means whereby salvation can the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We believe that the same organization

come unto the children of men, only Amen. that existed in the primitive Church of

in and through the name of Christ, the apostles, prophets, bishops, teachers,

Lord Omnipotent. elders, and seventies, has been restored

"... O remember, remember that by direct revelation. It is the duty of

these things are true; for the Lord God those called as apostles "... to ordain

hath spoken it."(Mosiah 4:9-10, 1415; and set in order all the other officers of

3:17; 2:41.) the church,..."(D&C 107:58.)

The answers men so much seek are to "The Twelve are a Traveling Presidbe found, and to the aching, yearning ing High Council, to officiate in the loneliness of human hearts, and to the name of the Lord, under the directionanguished agony of the world there can A of the Presidency of the Church,...

come direction, revelation, comfort, to build up the Church, and regulateguidance, inspiration, and a finding of CHOSEN all the affairs of the same in all nations,the purposeful, to the way happy living GENERATION travel. throughout.."(Ibid., the107:33.)worldTheandTwelveunderof life the with cleanliness peace andof a quiet conscience, and with the.. A PECULIAR the influence of the Spirit ordain bishops

blessed assurance of an everlasting life to be "stewards of God."with limitless opportunities, and with PEOPLE In connection with the duties of the

our loved ones with us. apostles, I would like to relate an

May God be with you, my beloved Bishop John H. Vandenberg apocryphal story from the writings of

friends, and give you every needed Presiding Bishop Clement of Alexandria:

blessing in life, and your loved ones, "... about John the Apostle, handed

in peace and health and happiness, in The Bible states that our Savior Jesus down and preserved in memory. When,

prayerful searching and seeking, in purChrist "... gave himself for us, that on the death of the tyrant, he (John)

suit of the divine purpose, with the ashe might redeem us from all iniquity, passed over to Ephesus from the Island surance that the answers are there. May and purify unto himself a peculiar peoof Patmos, he used to make missionary

you have help in your daily pursuits, ple, zealous of good works."(Titus 2:14.) journeys also to neighboring gentile

and in your homes, and in all relationThe members of The Church of Jesus cities, in some places to appoint bishops, ships with your loved ones, and with Christ of Latterday Saints are known and in some to set in order whole wise and good choices in all the living throughout the world as a peculiar churches and... to appoint one of

of life. people. those indicated by the Spirit. On his

God does live! He is real and We are considered a peculiar people arrival then at one of the cities at no

great distance, of even which somereachable not indefinable. is because and of our Word He of Wisdom—the the name, a youth... he saw us.mindful of is inthe program, great youth welfare promention He hears us. He

terested in us. He is ever ready to gram, the priesthood, and because of of stalwart frame and winning countespirit, nance, said to and impetuous and us. beliefcommunicate in with Father is our our he is a personal He God—that the bishop, this 'I entrust to thee youth in his image, as theand made us and today, and is own God same yesterday,

we seek him he will not leave us gropand forever, and that he speaks to his with all earnestness, calling Christ and to witness.'acbishop Church Theing alone. prophets and lonely anciently. and His today word, as he did We the

all cepted the trust, the requiand madehis his are purposes Church, here are peculiar and because only claim we not now on earth. The Creator is still in but furnish evidence to all people that site promises, and the apostle renewed

his injunction and adjuration. He then

returned to Ephesus, and the elder taking home with him the youth who had been entrusted to his care, maintained, cherished, and finally baptized him.

After this he abandoned further care and protection of him, considering that he had affixed to him the seal of the

Lord as a perfect amulet against evil.

Thus prematurely neglected, the youth was corrupted by certain idle companions of his own age, who were familiar with evil, and who first led him astray by many costly banquets, and then took him out by night with them to share in their felonious proceedings, finally demanding his cooperation in some worse crime. First familiarized with

guilt, and then, from the force of his character, starting aside from the straight path like some mighty steed that seizes the bit between its teeth; he rushed towards headlong ruin, and utterly abandoning the divine salvation, gathered

his worst comrades around him, and became a most violent, bloodstained, and reckless banditchief: Not long

afterwards John was recalled to the

1076 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA city, and after putting other things in upon Aaron and his seed, throughout dren certain spiritual values such as order said, 'Come now, O bishop, restore all their generations, which priesthood humility, repentance, a feeling of reto me the deposit which I and the also continueth and abideth forever sponsibility, and love for their fellow

Saviour entrusted to thee, with the with the priesthood which is after the men. The example of parents, unwitness of the Church over which thou holiest order of God."(Ibid., 84:18.) doubtedly, imposes the greatest infludost preside.'At first the bishop in his Thus there are two divisions of the ence upon their children. This influence

alarm mistook the meaning of the metapriesthood, "namely, the Melchizedek must be for good if parents are to be phor, but the apostle said, 'I demand and Aaronic, including the Levitical."successful.

back the young man and the soul of the (Ibid., 107:1.) The most recent statistics from the

brother.'Then groaning from the depth An unusual promise is given in conFBI indicate an increase in crime as

of his heart and shedding tears, 'He is nection with the priesthood. The Lord reported in 1962. Approximately fifty

dead,'said the bishop. 'How and by said: "For whoso is faithful unto the percent of all major crimes are comwhat death?''He is dead to God! For obtaining these two priesthoods (or mitted by young people under the age

he has turned out wicked and desperdivisions) of which I have spoken, and of eighteen. The school dropout probate, and, to sum up all, a brigand; and the magnifying their calling, are sanctilem seems acute and more prevalent

now, instead of the Church he has fied by the spirit unto the renewing of today. Dr. William Hutchinson says:

seized the mountain, with followers like their bodies. "For the most part school dropouts were

himself.'Then the apostle, rending his "They become the sons of Moses and first church dropouts. He is a dropout

robe and beating his head, with loud of Aaron and the seed of Abraham, and from his family,... dropout from sowailing said, 'A fine guardian of our the Church and kingdom, and the ciety.... I recognize,... that the

brother's soul did I leave! Give me a elect of God."(Ibid., 84:3334.) It is most important single force in our sohorse and a guide.'Instantly,... he therefore incumbent upon every eligible ciety is the family. I would first sugrode away... from the Church and male member of the Church to live gest that we prepare our young people

arriving at the brigands'outposts, was worthy to receive the priesthood. to be good parents. Too many of those

captured without flight or resistance, The Lord in his great wisdom has that I see are weak, immature parents.

but crying, 'For this I have come. Lead placed the priesthood under two diviAfter dealing with many teenagers, I

me to your chief.'The chief awaited sions, as indicated, the Melchizedek and have received the impression that

him in his armour, but when he recogthe Aaronic. Perfection, however, does adolescent youth is not looking ahead

nized John as he approached, he was not come through the Aaronic Priestto parenthood. Teenagers too often

struck with shame and turned to fly hood because this priesthood "... think of their father and mother as

[flight]. But John pursued him as fast holdeth the key of the ministering of 'poor Dad'and 'poor Mom'in a conas he could, forgetful of his age, crying angels and the preparatory gospel"descending way. Their thinking is not

out, 'Why my son, dost thou fly [flee] (Ibid., 84:26), and is a schooling minoriented ahead with proud anticipation

from thine own father, unarmed, aged istry to prepare the holders thereof for of stepping into the role of a family as he is? Pity me,... fear not... the greater or Melchizedek Priesthood. leader.

stay! believe! Christ sent me.'But he The Lord offers the male youth of the "Among parents I see a great many

on hearing these words first stood with Church, twelve years and older who looking back with nostalgia to their downcast gaze, then flung away his are worthy and eligible, the great priviyouth and trying to relive the 'glorious arms, then trembling, began to weep lege of officiating in his work by being teens'vicariously through their children.

bitterly, and embraced the old man ordained to the Aaronic Priesthood. "The family used to be bound towhen he came up to him, pleading with Here they learn the governing princigether by economic glue. Historically,

his groans,... but the apostle pledging ples of the kingdom of God. Through the family worked together as a team

himself... led him back to the Church voluntary service in the outward ordion the hunt or in the field. It was an

and praying for him... and wrestling nances of the Church, they gain a essential to existence itself that there be

with him in earnest fastings... did not spiritual stability that can come to discipline and leadership within the

depart, as they say, till he restored him them in no other way. family."

to the bosom of the Church."(St. It is the Lord's desire that all should I would also like to read a letter

Clement of Alexandria, Quis Divinitus come unto him. "For behold, this is written by a father to his son. The

Salv., chapter 42.) my work and my glory—to bring to son had been confined in a youth deIn Zion today are apostles like John pass the immortality and eternal life tention home. The father upon learnwho have been divinely called to minof man."(Moses 1:39.) There is only ing about his son's confinement went

ister the affairs of the kingdom of God one way, as the Bible states, "One Lord, immediately to the detention facilities.

in all the world. The Lord has through one faith, one baptism."(Eph. 4:5.) Upon seeing his son, the father comthis apostolic ministry appointed bishops The Lord knows the dangers that menced shouting indignantly, informin all stakes of Zion. The charge, "I can beset youth without a spiritual ing his son that he was no good, a

to forcing theeentrust reacted this youth,"by which like that The boy John the youth John disgrace. guide—just

father shut the door. returnedgave to As the the the bishop is one of neglected! forerescued been had who

most responsibilities of the office and Worthy young men in the Church have home, he was unable to sleep. He spent

calling of a bishop—to care for the the Aaronic Priesthood conferred upon the night pondering over the circumyouth. Peculiar to this Church is the them. Thus each has the advantage stances causing the failure of his son.

authority by which it acts, the priesthood of spiritual growth as he is presided As a result, he wrote this letter:

of God. This priesthood or authority over by a bishop. The bishop is, by "Dear Son, Maybe you won't underto act in the name of God was restored revelation, president of the Aaronic stand all this. It certainly isn't clear

to the earth by direct revelation. The Priesthood and president of the priests to me yet. All I know is that when you

higher priesthood is known as the Melquorum. Thus the bishop of a ward is sent me away yesterday I was glad. I

chizedek Priesthood and "... continueth the spiritual guardian of the youth. thought I was finally rid of a big probin the church of God in all generations, He does not, however, replace the parlem. I was wrong. Son, I have been

and is without beginning of days or ents in their responsibility to teach, wrong about you for a long time. I

end of years."(D&C 84:17.) Along guide, persuade, and discipline their decided to forget you, but I couldn't.

with the Melchizedek Priesthood, "... own children. It is the responsibility The more I tried, the more I thought

the Lord confirmed a priesthood also of parents to develop within their chilabout you. I prayed for help, but it

DECEMBER 1963 1077 seemed to do no good. In fact, my ance in the home gives the youth not The priesthood of God gives them an

thoughts only became more centered only an advantage in this life but advantage for success and happiness and around you, like a snowball rolling also in the eternity. In addition to the eternal life.

down hill. influence in the home, the bishop gives Here we have reason for Peter's

"I don't blame you Son for sending them guidance in the government of the declaration: "... ye are a chosen genme away. You weren't sending away kingdom and in the priesthood of God. eration, a royal priesthood, an holy

your dad, only a guy who was always In this respect, he is in metaphor, a nation, a peculiar people; that ye should

mad at you. When I overcame my potter and sculptor of the youth. shew forth the praises of him who hath

drinking problem, I went to all those The ward bishop cultivates the pure called you out of darkness into his

I had hurt and asked their forgiveness. love of Christ in the souls of the marvellous light."(1 Pet. 2:9.) In the

I never thought to go to you. I should youth. His labors inspire hope, and name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

have. I know now that you were one his kindness builds faith. This is toof those I had hurt the most. day's spiritual challenge to establish

"When you needed another chance, faith, hope, and the pure love of Christ,

I never really gave it to you. Just sat which is charity, (see Moroni 7:47),

around knowing you would fail and into the hearts of the young people.

waiting for it to happen. Now I'm askPaul declares that these three abideth

ing you for another chance. Not with (see 1 Cor. 13:13) though the image

me setting the terms. Just for the and fashion of the world pass away.

chance to work with you to try to It is the precious youth of the Churchovercome the wrongs done. Hopewho must accept this challenge. It is "WE

fully, Dad."the bishop, as overseer in the household BELIEVE IN

This letter would never have been of God, who holds the torch of leaderwritten if the father had been the spiritship. The bishop is indeed a true and BEING

ual influence in his home that God ingood shepherd.tended him to be. The boy would It is in the early period of life that HONEST"

never have harbored contempt for his youth needs to be cared for, maintained, father if their home had been spiritually and cherished. This is the formative Alvin R. Dyer

strong. One might assume that the period of life. Mr. Vaughn in 1783 Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

statistics of broken homes and shattered wrote to Benjamin Franklin, "Influence dreams would be sufficient to compel upon the private character late in life It is always a great spiritual uplift to all people to correct the illusion that is not only influence late in life but attend the conference of The Church of they are selfsufficient and have no need a weak influence. Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and

of God. "It is in youth that we plant our I am grateful with you, my brethren

Thomas J. Cahill, chief of the San chief habits and prejudices; it is in and sisters, once again to have this

Francisco Police Department, makes youth that we take our party, as to privilege.

the following observation: "... I say profession, pursuits and matrimony. In President McKay's great message yesto you that the home is a place where youth, therefore, the turn is given, in terday, which went straight to the heart

the child must be taught from the youth the education even of the next of the individual, gives encouragement cradle. Love, understanding, and kindgeneration is given, in youth the prito the remarks that I thought to make

ness is something that is built into his vate and public character is determined, about honesty. The great need of the

heartland her heart as they grow,l and and the term of life extending but world is for spiritual quality in men, it must be done by both the father and from youth to age, life ought to begin for depth and altitude of soul, for the mother carrying out their responsiwell from youth, and more especially wealth of inward life, out of which bilities; because when God gives them before we take our party to our pringood deeds shall come like a stream

children or gives us children, he also cipal objects."from the mountains, with power. But

places upon our shoulders correspondNo young man can receive the this nobility of character is not arrived ing responsibilities and obligations to priesthood and participate therein withat in a day. Its source lies far back

see to it that those children are brought out becoming a better person. The in the days of youth, in the practices

up in the proper way...."priesthood is character building. It of restraint and the acquisition of hon-

I must add that the only proper way teaches one to have proper concepts est thoughts and good habits.

is God's way. Spiritual discipline is and values. As one magnifies his duties We believe in being honest!

the most effective means of character in the priesthood, he experiences the Through the efforts of the American development. The influence of the challenge and growth that emanate Bar Association and Presidential Proclapriesthood in the home has the greatest from eternal principles. This challenge mation, we now have a new day in

influence for guiding and persuading prompted the inspired words of the America. It comes every first of May

young people along the path of rightProphet Joseph Smith, "That the rights and is referred to as "Law Day."Efforts

eousness. One of the fundamental of the priesthood are inseparably conare being made to popularize this day

teachings of The Church of Jesus Christ nected with the powers of heaven, and by many national organizations of of Latterday Saints is that every memthat the powers of heaven cannot be which the following are but a few:

ber should acquire learning by study, controlled nor handled only upon the The American Heritage Foundation, by faith, by prayer and by seeking principles of righteousness."(D&C The United States Conference of

learning wherever it is found. We be121:36.) Mayors, and The General Federation.

lieve that, "The glory of God is intelliIn the business affairs of life, it is The need for such a day to be brought gence,..."(D&C 93:36.) "And if a the application of advantages that conto the attention of America stems from

person gains more knowledge and tributes to success. If one has the adthe apparent complacency with regard

intelligence in this life through his vantage of added training in a certain to the rule of law, devotion to morality, diligence and obedience than another, field or the advantage of more economiand moral honesty.

he will have so much the advantage in cal production of a product, he usually In recent weeks, as reported in our the world to come."(Ibid., 130:19.) becomes more successful in his businewspapers, J. Edgar Hoover, the direcThis would suggest that spiritual guidness effort. So it is with the youth. tor of the Federal Bureau of Investiga107B THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion, based upon statistics compiled by 1,500 silver finger bowls, and, believe the people. Can we possibly believe

this bureau, stated among other things it or not, 100 Bibles. that any act of such dishonesty is born

"that since 1950 the crime rate in AmerSupermarkets are especially vulneras of that minute when the act is comica has increased four times as fast as able to the "amateur"thieves, eighty mitted? This cannot be true, for it

our population. For every dollar our percent of whom are women. One exgoes back even to childhood where little

churches cost us, our crime is costing ample, 500,000 supermarket shopping traits of dishonesty go undetected. I

us 12 dollars. Bank robberies and fraud carts disappeared last year, at an once heard a father jokingly tell of

have increased with leaps and bounds."average cost of $30.00 each, this comes to how his little son was always able to

In viewing this appalling situation there $15,000,000.00. One expert estimates find loose change around the house.

are those who say, "Such crimes are that fifteen percent of your food bill Perhaps the urge to take something that committed by the professional criminal, goes to cover what customers and emdoes not belong to an employee can be and we will always have them."But, ployees take, salving their conscience traced back to the lack of respect which

truly, are such deviations into crime with the thought that big companies can adolescents have for the property of and dishonesty expanding only in the afford it. The question is: Can you afothers, even members of their own

socalled ranks of the professional ford it? families.

criminal? It is estimated that supermarket emThat child or adult who is unacIn an article appearing in the Reader's ployees steal the equivalent of $300,000.00 countable for his actions, disregarding

Digest not long ago, we learn of the every day. Across the country, employee repentance and restitution, weaves into

reported inroads of dishonesty made thefts of money and merchandise are his character the trait of dishonor. Here

into the ranks of the average person. estimated to total two billion dollars we see the need of righteousness and

A fisherman or a hunter is generally a year. Three years ago this was estikind discipline in the home.

regarded as a "sportsman"with a sense mated at one billion. Such pilferage The lack of realism on the part of

of fairness and of playing the game has destroyed many companies. An parents in failing to detect and correct

according to the rules; yet in one month organization has been formed in New innocent acts of dishonesty in their

in one of our states, 350 "sportsmen"York City not to investigate criminal children can lead to disaster later. The

were fined for violation of the game rings, but to suggest methods to big passing over of small amounts of money laws. An officer reported that there business concerns on how to control taken by children, the failure to correct

would have been many more had there employee dishonesty. Much of this is stories told by children which are combeen sufficient wardens to check the in such innocent quantities that it hardly pletely false, can lead to acts of a graver

infractions. appears evil at all. Secretaries go home nature later. There are many ways in

Access to the daily press releases of with pencils and carbon paper. Emwhich the unsuspected seeds of moral

the Federal Trade Commission reveals ployees use the telephone for personal dishonesty are planted and which will the mendacity of our sellers of goods calls that add up to big money. One blossom forth in due time.

lies about origins, lies about qualities, executive in a big company said, "If you Generally speaking, moral dishonesty lies about reduced prices! asked a girl to put down a dime for a tends towards insincerity and hypocrisy.

Recently, a New York newspaper phone call, she would think you were These three are evil companions and printed many columns about unscrupucrazy."can destroy the majesty of the will,

lous persons on relief who had dishonThe fact that moral dishonesty has nullifying the power of agency. Nothing

estly requested and received more money settled like an evil blanket upon the displeases the Master more than hypocthan the law permits. peoples of all lands is told in an inrisy. His frequent denunciations of the

The revealed facts of employee and teresting story by Russell Kirk reporting Pharisees because of this trait are a customer dishonesty are most startling. in the National Review, having written matter of biblical record. Of those

Chiseling a big impersonal company is the story from a country house in Fife, who are not what they profess to be, not stealing at all, say some. A report Scotland. "Once upon a time,"he the Apostle James has said, "A double

of this was made in Look Magazine wrote, "a strict Calvinism, whatever its minded man is unstable in all his published the last week of September. defects, did install a high degree of ways."(James 1:8.) Following this

A reputable citizen recently told proudly honesty in the typical Scot. But this declaration with another: "But be ye

of returning a five dollar bill to a drugweek, at the raspberry picking here, the doers of the word, and not hearers store clerk who had given him too much gardener remarked to me, that of the only, deceiving your own selves."

change; but when he completed a long thirty or forty people who came to pick {Ibid., 1:22.)

distance call from a pay booth and the on shares, probably everyone would An insincere person lives a strenuous operator returned his five quarters by steal a basket or two of berries if he life, says Anne Lindbergh. There must

mistake, he kept the money without saw the chance."ever be restraints against "putting on"

any qualms. "The phone company is These examples of moral dishonesty or assuming a superficial front to sway

so big they won't miss it,"he said. are not those of the hardened criminal, an impression or a credit in our direcThe New Jersey Bell Telephone Combut rather the average everyday citizen tion. That leader or teacher who is

pany not long ago made a big fuss over we see go to and from work on the not honest in heart lacks sincerity. Such

a tenyear-old girl who had returned streets of our cities. Civilizations may a one does not live by what he teaches.

several dollars which she had found not fall because of cheating raspberry The very word itself when traced to in the return slot of a public telephone. pickers or dishonest supermarket emits origin means to be honest in our

The company tried upon this occasion ployees, yet great states do come to an relations with others; a negative message

to impress the fact by having her picend of their tether when religious sancwill ever emit from an insincere and ture placed in the paper that when a tions no longer govern the soul of the morally dishonest person. From my

person faces a machine with a moral average citizen. own experience in serving with thouquestion, his answer should be the same Well might we ask ourselves this sands of missionaries, I have come to

as when he faces a human being. question at this crucial time, "What is know that sincerity is the most necesDuring the first ten months at New it that produces moral and physical sary of all qualifications. Without it

York's new Americana Hotel, the welldishonesty in the lives of people?"The a missionary can't hope to succeed.

meaning average guests stole among facts that have been reported here refer The Prophet Joseph Smith, while beother things 38,000 demitasse spoons, to overt acts of moral dishonesty, in a ing held without cause in Liberty Jail, 18,000 towels, 355 silver coffee pots, supposedly noncriminal cross section of was inspired to say concerning those

DECEMBER 1963 1079 whose insincerity of purpose had led I testify of this in the name of Jesus through the payment of tithing. Others

to dishonest membership: Christ. Amen. testified as to the divinity of God's

"How much more dignified and noble work which had been established in this are the thoughts of God than the vain, Dispensation of the Fulness of Times.

(insincere) imaginations of the human Some spoke of the divinity of Jesus heart! None but fools will trifle with Christ, and others about the prophetic

the souls of men."(DHC 3, 295.) calling of Joseph Smith. The closing

The Apostle Paul urged the Ephesians hymn was sung with considerable feelto serve God with sincerity of purpose ing. A fervent benediction was offered,

and honest intent. Said he: and the meeting dismissed, but the

"... Be obedient,... with fear and worshipers stood there in groups as iftrembling, in singleness of your heart, CHRIST reluctant to go. I know the good spirit

as unto Christ; IS THE was present in that gathering. It was

"Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; the spirit of true worship. All werebut as the servants of Christ, doing the CORNERSTONE touched, and everyone was strengthened

will of God from the heart; and uplifted for the days and weeks

"With good will doing service, as to Alma Sonne ahead.

the Lord, and not to men: Assistant to the Council of the Twelve What is man without an abiding

"Put on the whole armour of God, faith in the true and living God?

that ye may be able to stand against the My brethren and sisters, we have just Colonel Ingersoll answered that question devil. ofwiles the said, "is a he ago. "Man,"many years listened stirring to a sung message by

"... in the thither stranger hither wandering and beautiful evil day, and having done the the Choir: upon "How

all, To stand."(Eph. 6:5-7, 11, 13. mountains are the feet of him who in a narrow vale between the barren

Italics added.) bringeth good tidings."peaks of two eternities,"coming and

Someone has written a paraphrasing As I stand here, I feel that mankind going without guide, compass, or desof this of those who take much from today needs to be reassured. Atheism is tination to guide him on his way.

life but give little: asserting itself as never before. It is But let me say, my brethren and

"He stands having his loins girt about being organized to destroy religion, to sisters, those peaks about which Ingerwith religiosity and having on the dethrone God, and to undermine the soll spoke are not barren, for a man of breastplate of respectability. His feet standards by which progress in the past faith sees beyond the peaks, and he

are shod with ostentatious philanthropy, has been made. The leaders in all sees a primeval existence. He also sees

his head is encased in the helmet of activities of life need much strength, a land where there are no shadows and spreadeagle patriotism. Holding in his much love, much endurance, and an unwhere there will be a glorious reunion

left hand the buckler of worldly power bounded courage, and certainly greater with loved ones who have gone on and in his right hand the sword of infaith in God. before. Earth life is not the beginning

fluence, and thus shall he stand in the As a Church we accept without reserof man, and death is not the end. For

evil day."vation the divine leadership of Jesus three years Jesus walked along the

In conclusion, I quote the thirteenth Christ the Lord. Faith in him is the shores of the Sea of Galilee, through the

Article of Faith of our Church: foundation of righteous living. He is towns, villages, and cities of Palestine,

"We believe in being honest, true, the cornerstone of The Church of Jesus teaching and demonstrating the power chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in doChrist of Latterday Saints. To disof faith. But most of his followers reing good to all men; indeed, we may regard and to ignore him is to extinguish mained cynical and doubtful, and when

say that we follow the admonition of the brightest light in human history. the crucial and testing moment arrived,

all things, believe hope faith there. we not they Without werePaul—We I fast a ago weeks attended few day A

all things, have endured is forever in of we the many doubt shadows man service a in beautiful chapel. ward

all things. tothings, endure hope and uncertainty. future. and has no He He I I as deeply impressed watched was

is lovely,If virtuous, or there anything follow, has to program and when no to listened the proceedings. and A seek praiseworthy, or reportof good we the into leaps death dark he and comes presided. a youthful bishop made He

(Italicsafter added.) these things."is his in there inclination heart to no remarks, preliminary few the conand

I this of of phase but spoken one have worship. to turn and God gregation a sang hymn. wellknown The

article: the greatest Jesus of advocate was to short that prayer followed and was

in being honest!"believe faith the has world "We not known. He point. sung, the Another was hymn

I this of to the testimony need it bear it only taught in exemplified but he told arose the the bishop and and lives daily that inattribute our we may his ministry. entire years For many it their meeting. congregation was He

of evil in force the deceived I be bynot life read the have books and on their present to bear the urged members

I bear unsuspecting ways.hidden and of character Christ. of Jesus the Most their express briefly to testimonies and

vitality truth of the also andtestimony interesting very have been them and faith their to feelings regarding and of the message of the restoration of the acknowledge their blessings. There wellwritten. The older I get, however,

Christ, of havegospel which Jesus we I the satisfaction joy receive more and sermons. prolonged were The no

of thefor Joseph In world. the words four written from the Gospels Matby speakers, manifested and women, men

Prophet: theSmith thew, Luke, Mark, and These John. all in fear timidity, but the usual and

is true; that that the say God are four narratives a challenge to "We the all a a message, message each one had

is true; of States theConstitution United art. of are world. a They work They heart, the that and what from came

is true; of the Bible that thethat Book irrefutable are a strong testimony and heart. to the goes heart the from comes

... is that Christ true; ofMormon divinity of the Jesus. Lord the Whattinctured with spoken were words is The

sent angels ministering thattrue; the is is ever said done, and whatever and it case In conviction. was each deep

forth from God are true, and that we a declaration of a positive faith. They written about him, the fact remains

know that we have an house not made told about their prayers being answered that these writers of his life have picwith hands, eternal in the heavens, and the manifestations of God's power tured for us the greatest figure in uniwhose builder and maker is God;..."in their homes. Some talked about versal history. They did not invent

(DHC 3, 304.) material blessings which had come him. No one would be capable of

1080 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA doing that, for he was perfect and beHe could not be manipulated nor things shall be added unto you."

yond the creation of man. They reconfused. (Matt. 6:33.)

corded what they saw and heard and He was qualified, my brethren and Where should one seek to find the found nothing to criticize. They acsisters, to lead the children of men. He kingdom of God today?

cepted him, worshiped him, and some made a bid to do so: "... other sheep The Apostle Paul said:

of them died for him. Their testi- I have, which are not of this fold: "And he gave some, apostles; and

mony is therefore strong, reliable, them also I must bring, that they shall some, prophets; and some, evangelists;

and trustworthy. hear my voice; and there shall be one and some, pastors and teachers;

Religious teachers talk about theology, fold, and one shepherd."(John 10:16.) "For the perfecting of the saints, for

their doctrines of salvation—the resurJesus is the shepherd. He will succeed, the work of the ministry, for the edifyrection, the virgin birth, and many other for regardless of man's rebellion every ing of the body of Christ:

things. But without the personal Christ knee shall bow and every tongue con- "Till we all come in the unity of the

as he appeared among men, their teachfess that Jesus is the Christ. In a world faith, and of the knowledge of the Son

ings would be meaningless and without of uncertainty, confusion, and chaos of God, unto a perfect man, unto the purpose, and the urge to worship the mankind must turn to him. It measure of the stature of the fulness

Almighty would be lost. He is the is inevitable. of Christ:

voice of authority, the fountain of all And so we worship the Lord and "That we henceforth be no more grace and truth and the mirror of all Master. We meet together often to children, tossed to and fro, and carried

perfection for you and me to follow. He keep alive our faith and to worship about with every wind of doctrine, by

made that clear when he said, "I am the him in spirit and in truth. Emerson the sleight of men, and cunning craftiway, the truth, and the life:..."said, "And what greater calamity can ness, whereby they lie in wait to de-

(John 14:6.) I believe that deep in the fall upon a nation than the loss of ceive."(Eph. 4:1114.)

heart of humanity is a desire to believe worship. Then all things go to decay. Can the world claim that we have

in the divinity of Jesus Christ, for he Genius leaves the temple to haunt the come to a unity of the faith?

gives humanity something to hope for, senate or the market. Literature beIn view of the hundreds of churches

something to live fpr, and something comes frivolous, science is cold."claiming to be the church of Christ and

to strive for. I testify that Mormonism, socalled, is yet teaching conflicting doctrine, is it

Jesus lived with the poor. He apthe gospel of Jesus Christ, which is the not clear that men are being tossed to

peared as one of them. He cast his power of God unto salvation. It emand fro with every wind of doctrine as

lot with the lowly and dejected classes braces all truth and proclaims the the Apostle Paul stated, and is this not of society. You will recall when John divinity of Jesus Christ. People everybecause the apostles and the prophets

the Baptist sent his disciples to be where are urged to recognize and whom God placed in his Church to reassured, Jesus said, "Tell John the accept that truth and to introduce it bring them to a unity of the faith poor have the gospel preached to them."into their daily lives. The angel whom were all put to death, except the Apostle

(See Luke 7:22.) Can you think of any John saw in vision said, "Fear God and John who was promised that he might

leader aspiring to greatness and recoggive glory to him; for the hour of his tarry to bring souls unto Christ until

nition who ever thought of beginning judgment is come: and worship him he should come in his glory.

with the poor? Please remember that that made heaven and earth and the What became of the Church and

the higher circles were open to him, sea, and the fountains of waters."kingdom of God after the Savior and

but he never deserted the meek and (Rev. 14:7.) his apostles were put to death?

the humble. He remained their friend. May we do so, I pray in the name of The Apostle Paul warned the brethWas not this a manifestation of his Jesus Christ. Amen. ren of his day not to look for the comgreat love? ing of Christ until there should be

The meek will someday inherit the a falling away first. These are Paul's

earth. The honest and conscientious words

worker will be rewarded, and the idler "Now we beseech you, brethren, by and the schemer will have no place the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, in the ideal commonwealth to be and by our gathering together unto him, established. "That ye be not soon shaken in

Consider the Savior from any standSaturday Afternoon Session, October 5, 1963 mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, point. He was always a leader. He nor by word, not by letter as from us,

possessed all the qualifications necessary as that day of Christ is at hand.

to lead deceive a world torn asunder you any by "Let no by conflict, man disruption, shall forwar, contention. not come, that day and He THE CHURCH, means:

looked ahead. He was prepared for except there come a falling away first,eventualities. He knew, for instance THE and that man of sin be revealed, the

that he would be put to death on the MOST IMPORTANT son of perdition"; (2 Thess. 2:1-3.)

cross. He knew also the reception that Could a more positive statement bewould be accorded his disciples. He THING made that there would be a falling

never wavered in the face of a ruthless away before men could look for the and determined opposition. In adversity LeGrand Richards coming of Christ?

he was still the leader. A combination Of the Council of the Twelve How universal was this apostate conof forces assailed him. Strong and powdition to be?

erful they were, but he never lost sight Dear brothers and sisters and the lisWhen the Apostle John was banished of his appointed mission nor succumbed tening audience: upon the isle of Patmos, the angel of

to the fallacies of men. His objective I thought I would like to discuss with the Lord showed him all things from

was before him. He never comproyou today briefly what, to me, is the the war in heaven when Satan was cast

mised nor did he sidestep his responsimost important thing in a man's life. out with a third of the hosts of heaven

bilities. He was firm and immovable Jesus said: until the final winding up scenes when

before his assailants, most of whom "But seek ye first the kingdom of God, we would have a new heaven and a shriveled and withered in his presence. and his righteousness; and all these new earth, for all former things would

DECEMBER 1963 lOSI have passed away, said: the and angel latter in the days, could be none other Church and kingdom of God upon

".. I up hither, and will shew. Come a than prophet. the earth.

thee things which must be hereafter."We bear solemn witness unto the When Jesus, as he sat upon the Mount

(Rev. 4:1.) world that the Lord has raised up a of Olives, told his disciples that the

And the angel showed John the power prophet in this dispensation to restore temple at Jerusalem would be dethat Satan would have in the world his everlasting gospel or his kingdom stroyed so there would not be left and said: upon the earth, and that prophet was one stone upon another, his disciples

"And it was given unto him to make Joseph Smith. said unto him:

war with the saints, (the members of When Jesus bore testimony to Nico- "Tell us, when shall these things be?

his church) and to overcome them: and demus of what the Lord had done, and what shall be the sign of thy

power was given him over all kindreds, he said: coming, and of the end of the world?"

and tongues, and nations."(Ibid., 13:7.) "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We (Matt. 24:3.)

In light of these statements it is clear speak that we do know, and testify that Then Jesus told his disciples of the that the Lord permitted his apostles to we have seen; and ye receive not our judgments that would befall the nasee the time when his Church and kingwitness."(John 3:11.) tions, of wars and rumors of wars

dom would not be found upon And we testify that we do know that and pestilences and earthquakes and the earth. Joseph Smith was a prophet of God famines, and then he adds:

But he also let them see the time who was visited by God the Father and "Then shall they deliver you up to when his kingdom would again be rehis Son Jesus Christ when, following be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye

stored to the earth. the admonition of the Apostle James, shall be hated of all nations for my

After the Apostle John was shown by if any man lack wisdom, let him ask of name's sake."(Ibid., 24:9.)

the angel the power given Satan to make God who giveth to all men liberally, Then he adds:

war with the Saints and to overcome and upbraideth not; and it shall be "And this gospel of the kingdom shall

them and power was given him over given him. (See James 1:5.) He went be preached in all the world for a witall kindreds and tongues and nations into the woods near his father's house, ness unto all nations; and then shall

(see idem), he was shown how the when only in his fifteenth year, to ask the end come."(Ibid., 24:14.)

Lord would restore his kingdom to the of God which of all the churches he This is the only gospel, through obeearth. He said: should join, and the Savior of the world dience, to which men can obtain

"And I saw another angel fly in the whose right it is to sit in judgment upon membership in the Church and kingmidst of heaven, having the everlasting all men told him, he should join none dom of God here upon this earth.

gospel to preach unto them that dwell of them, for they were all wrong and So, if we understand the scriptures, on the earth, and to every nation, and were teaching for doctrine the comwe would know that the truth, the everkindred, and tongue, and people, mandments of men, thus merely delasting gospel, the marvelous work and "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, claring the fulfilment of the prophecies wonder Isaiah spoke of, would be found and give glory to him; for the hour of we have already referred to. with a people who have been hated by

his judgment is come: and worship him Following this glorious vision, other all nations. Such has been the history

that made heaven, and earth, and the heavenly messengers were sent to reof this people and this Church.

sea, and the fountains of waters."store all things spoken by the mouths The Prophet Joseph Smith and his

(Ibid., 14:6-7.) of all the holy prophets since the world brother Hyrum were shot in cold blood

Thus the everlasting gospel was to began as declared by the Apostle Peter by a wicked mob, and many of the be restored to the earth by an angel which would have to transpire before Saints were killed for their testimonies, being sent from the heavens. It was the Savior would come again. (See and the Saints were driven from their

to be preached to every nation, kindred, Acts 3:1921.) homes time and time again until they

tongue, and people, showing again how Moroni, a prophet who lived upon were driven beyond the borders of the universal the departure from the truth this land of America about four hundred United States.

had been or there would have been years after the birth of Christ and who Recently, I sent a copy of a book no need of an angel being sent from had custody of the records that had explaining the teachings of this Church heaven to restore the everlasting gospel been kept, of the hand dealings of the to a distant relative in the East, an to the earth. Lord with a people that he led to the intelligent man. He wrote back indiThe Prophet Isaiah also saw the day land of America six hundred years becating that it was the first book he had

when men would be teaching for docfore the birth of Christ, which record ever read in favor of the Mormons. He

trines the precepts of men, and he said: was recorded on gold plates, was desaid, "I doubt if you have any concep-

"Therefore, behold, I will proceed to livered by Moroni to the Prophet Joseph tion of the erroneous ideas the people do a marvelous work among this people, Smith with the Urim and Thummim or of New England have regarding the even a marvelous work and a wonder: interpreters by use of which he was able Mormon people. I sometimes wonder if

for the wisdom of their wise men shall to translate these records which we now they believe the tales they tell."

perish, and the understanding of their have as the Book of Mormon. But though the Lord had said that his

prudent men shall be hid."(Isa. 29:14.) John the Baptist, who was beheaded people would be hated of all nations,

Our message is to acquaint every lover for the testimony of Jesus, brought back nevertheless, he promised the Prophet of truth with this marvelous work and the Aaronic Priesthood. Joseph Smith and his associates:

a wonder or the everlasting gospel Peter, James, and John, apostles of "... power to lay the foundation of

the Lord Christ Jesus were with this who it church, to and bring forth out this tobrought earth back holy by mesthe of him upon the transfiguramount of obscurity of out and darkness, thesengers sent in day. our from heaven tion, restored the PriestMelchizedek only true living and church the upon

tells us the need The Prophet Amos the hood with holy apostleship. Thus face of the earth, whole with which

of a prophet in these words: men were again empowered by ordinathe Lord, am well pleased, speakingI,

"Surely the Lord God will do nothtion to perform holy ordinances here unto the church collectively and not ing, but he revealeth his secret unto his upon the earth necessary for the salvaindividually—"(D&C 1:30.)

servants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) tion and exaltation of men so that such It is gratifying to us to have lived

Thus, he, who would be sent to preordinances would be binding in the long enough to see the realization of pare the way of the coming of the Lord heavens, and again to establish the this promise.

1082 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Last year 1 15,000 new converts joined Bishop, California, a member of the in spite of any personal faults they this Church because they believed Episcopal Church, taught at the Brigmight have had in life."

through the power of the Holy Spirit ham Young University Summer School. V flp

in answer to their prayers that Joseph In an interview with a newspaper "... It is high time that some honest

Smith truly was a Prophet of God. reporter, he said: scribe wrote about the importance of

On May 17 of this year (1963) the "It may well be that the Mormon the truth that Joseph Smith and Brig- "Ten Commandments Award"of the people have the key that will eventuham Young preached while being the

Fraternal Order of Eagles of Milwaukee, ally save this country."most brutally opposed men in American

Wisconsin, was presented to President We knew that, but we didn't know religiousMcKay. It was the third time in fiftythat he did. Then he adds: life."*****

six years the award had been presented "I am impressed with the extremely It is wonderful to note how the Lord by the organization. high level of intellect I encounter in is fulfilling his promise that he would

The award, an engraved copper the students here and even more imbring his work forth out of obscurity scroll mounted on walnut, read: portant the character of the students."and out of darkness.

"To President David O. McKay—for And is this not the true test of true To all who are listening to me this

leadership and strengthening the moral Christianity? day, I say unto you, that God the

and spiritual fabric of American life.'"I have a sonin-law in Los Angeles Eternal Father has restored his Church

Then, Mr. Thacker, representing more who has interested a retired minister and kingdom to the earth, that he has

than a million members in the United in the accomplishments of the Mormon built his Church again upon the of apostles said: foundation prophetsStates and said sonin-law Church. He to my

as the Christ a with Lord chief our wish to express our appreciation "We like ago, short time to do some- "I would cornerstone; as of your no matter and what leadership onefor your head I I die. of thing before worthwhile would

if of I promise faiths religions you great our faith may be, you that andthe like to in of favor the write a book join investigate this to and it in Church presentcountry. honor We wife and will Church."While Mormon my

heart, sincerity of it will that with ento you perchurch faith, and andyour I during our last summer's were there lives rich that your anything beyond forever."reignsonally. you May fifty typevacation, sonin-law had my

of could purchase the with wealth expresses appropriately he How this our written pages prepared by man you this great- I repeat, the world. Hence, greatfeelings our prophet and toward title Preacher the under A Methodist

first is in this to seek est thing world of today.leader the Things about Mormon Likes Some

On March 29, 1960, a youth conReligion. I was asked to read the fifty the kingdom of God and his righteousblessings will ness all other be and held inference the Washington, at was pages there were which I did, and many

in his I prize added.call of my membership President Eisenhower. Some things said about very complimentary

seven thousand delegates from all over our Church. I quote just a few paraChurch and kingdom above all other

the United States attended that congraphs taken at random from the things I have in this world, even to ference. President Marion D. Hanks of fifty pages: my life itself. May God bless you all,

the First Council of the Seventy of this "The Mormons need to know that I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus

Church was asked to give the keynote what has been good for the developChrist. Amen.

ataddress conference, that as and practice of the Welfare state lie ment and msat conducting the the down, same man principles that i has fundamental in Utah made this statement: God designed for the world at large

"As I sat here, I reflected that Mr. as well as for the Mormon Church. If

Hanks comes from people that were Mormon principles of the Welfare state driven from our region of the country have been good for the Mormon people of they believedbecause the things is also to give it out thing a good and—it

bitter for theirsuffered persecution stint to the without world whole finally to theideals; that went far or favor."3p *f JfC Jfh HOW MUCH they country of thereaches where

IS this. all themselvesthought from away

".. despised Church Mormon The

of invited that a leader have we "Now its in the something. has makeup, TOO talk to here to to of uspeople come of needs no church and world amount

for principles idealsthe which and same MUCH? fact this will furnish escapedodging

we drove them away."ment from our theological muddle of

It takes truth a long time to travel. the present hour."Eldred G. Smith

In a book recently published by iff $ sje j|t $ Patriarch to the Church

Sects entitled Strange andMarcus Bach "... all like irregular Joseph was chapter devotes he oneCurious Cults the from morning on my way I believe a One of prophets he and God, was I followtheto the quote Mormons. lot office to in the parking Church my of spite of in proven prophet God, any therefrom.ing Office I stopped Building momentarily the suggested that be blunders might on

its outlived persehas "Mormonism excavation the large at the behind part his of enemies."

itscutors critics outlasted of and most JC JfC 3|C *fi 5fC building. over stepped by young man A

It is the good reason.and with most I going on. asked was and what ".. church has. The Mormon all of religtruly America's American somemetold for a the excavation him it was

the that ignorworld needs, and its itsions. miracles, Its founders, holy thing administration large multistory church

will ance truth help not of Mormon its its itsbooks, prophets, martyrs, and replied building. turned and as he He

solve of the us national problems our soil.spirit Across out of grew American street, "That's the too much went down

life."to are coast coast the fromAmerica religion."he Obviously to spend on * * * * $

credentials of its faith, and it is in didn't place much value on religion.

America that it has built its holy city "... No two men in the religious I've been thinking since then, how

and its sacred state."history of America were hated like much is too much?

During the summer of 1959, the presiJoseph Smith and Brigham Young, but In this busy world, are we so condent of the Deep Springs College near they had something the world needed cerned with other things that we have

DECEMBER 1963 1083 not time for God? We need to stop Church. She told me she had two sisters members of your family, or others who

and ponder—Where are our values who had their sight, but she wouldn't may be worthy?

centered? trade places with either one of them. Count your many blessings, see what

"There is something very remarkable They had their sight, but they didn't God has done.

about what we have to give under the see. She had the gospel and a testimony Someone has said, "True faith is that

gospel plan,"said President J. Reuben of its divinity, but they did not. which teaches that things which matter

Clark, Jr. "No matter how much we Another typical example is the man most, should not be at the mercy of

give of truth, of good example, of rightwho was grateful for the accident things which matter least."

eous living, our stores, our blessings which caused him to be paralyzed from Let us not be like the man in the increase, not decrease by that which we the waist down. He said if it had not parable Christ gave who filled his

give away.... been for the accident he would not have storehouses with the riches of the world.

"We are expected to give out of our received the gospel. He had been too When they were filled to overflowing

store all that we possibly can give away, busy before to be interested in religion. he said, "I shall tear them down and

and in proportion as we give unto After the accident he had plenty of time build greater."(See Luke 12:18.)

others, we become thereby more and to think and set his values straight. "But God said unto him, Thou fool,

more enriched ourselves."Then the missionaries called on him. this night thy soul shall be required of

In serving our fellow men we are also He accepted the gospel and now has thee:..."(Ibid., 12:20.)

serving God. As he has said, "Inasbeen to the temple and had his wife None of us knows when our soul

much as ye have done it unto one of and family sealed to him for time and may be required of us. It may be later

the least of these my brethren, ye have all eternity, without which he wouldn't than we think.

done it unto me."(Matt. 25:40.) The have his family after death. For this May we more fully appreciate the

more we serve, the more we are blessed. he was most grateful. What price is great and wonderful blessings which

King Benjamin in addressing his peotoo great for the blessings of exaltation the gospel offers to us, and may we ple said, "I say unto you that if ye and eternal life, and what is there in show that appreciation by righteous livshould serve him who has created you this world that is more precious than ing and service to our fellow men and from the beginning, and is preserving the gospel of Jesus Christ? unto God, I pray in the name of Jesus

you from day to day, by lending you In early days of the Church it was not Christ. Amen.

breath, that ye may live and move and uncommon for converts to be rejected by do according to your own will, and family and friends and forced to make a even supporting you from one moment choice between loved ones and the to another—I say, if ye should serve gospel of Christ. They chose the goshim with all your whole souls, yet ye pel because it gave them a joy and

would be unprofitable servants. security which could not be found in

"And behold all that he requires of any other way. There are still some

you is to keep his commandments; and converts who are forced to make this

he has promised you that if ye would choice. On the other hand, some of

keep his commandments ye should us who have been given blessings inprosper in the land; and he never doth such abundance have no time for God. "WHERE

said; thatvary for he from which hath wealth and riches means Our search

if histherefore, sufficient keep to us, ye do unto IS and more commandwe are ments he doth bless you and prosper you. ourselves. We no longer depend "And now, in the first place, he hath upon God. YOUR

created you, and granted unto you your The Lord has said in the section called POWER?"

lives, for which ye are indebted the Word of Wisdom:

him. allunto to saints "And who remember K. Packer Boyd

secondly, doth require in sayings, he these "And walking that keep and do

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve should hath shallye do as he commanded the obedience to commandments, for do,you; if ye he doth which receive immehealth in their navel and marBetween sessions I was speaking to therefore blessdiately hath he you; their bones; and row to

I affectionpaid you. And ye are still indebted "And shall find wisdom and great Brother Alma Sonne, whom

unto him, and are, and will be, forever treasures of knowledge, even hidden ately call my "big brother."He was

and ever; therefore, of what have ve treasures"; (D&C 89:1819.) the concluding speaker at this morning's

to boast?"(Mosiah 2:2124.) How can one set a price on the "hidsession, and sensing some apprehension

Have you ever tried to get the Lord den treasure"of knowledge of the gospel on my part about this moment, he said:

indebted to you? He has offered that of Jesus Christ? "Don't worry, little brother. I promise

challenge to you. And again the Lord has declared: you this: There is a good spirit when

"Bring ye all the tithes into the "And also all they who> receive this you get up there."And I confess that I

storehouse, that there may be meat in priesthood receive me, saith the Lord; am totally dependent upon that good

mine house, and prove me now here- "For he that receiveth my servants spirit and plead with the Lord for his with, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will receiveth me; blessings during the few moments

not open you the windows of heaven, "And he that receiveth me receiveth allotted me here at this pulpit.

and pour you out a blessing, that there my Father; Some time ago I stood at the bedside

shall not be room enough to receive "And he that receiveth my Father of an aged little Danish woman. She

it."(Mai. 3:10.) receiveth my Father's kingdom; therewas near the close of her life. There

We are indebted to God for our very fore all that my Father hath shall be was a serenity and anticipation, even life: the air we breathe, our sight, given unto him."(Ibid., 84:3538.) a beauty about her as she talked of

be. hearing. soon stood whatspeech, would There with is too high? you apCan What price us figher son, a pathetic middleaged Typical other cases is such of many

preciate the blessing to belongs which lost ure. his lady blind.the wife had family and Through was born He who

the goodness of the missionaries who you priesthood holders to take your through selfindulgence and for the provided her with the Braille and talkchild in your arms in the congregation past number of years had been living at ing records necessary to teach her the of the Church and give it a name and home with his aged mother. Tearfully

gospel, she became converted to the blessing, or to baptize and confirm the he pleaded, "Mama, you can't go.

1084 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mama, you've got to live. Mama, I would remind you that the father to them how he had been selfsufficient

you can't die."is first of all a husband, and essential as a youth, how dependable he had

Now, as the last person who seemed to rearing of fine stalwart sons is proper been, how hard he worked. His tiny

to care much for him at all was about regard for the wife and the mother of daughter brought him back to earth by to go home, his pleadings became althe family. O how important it is for saying, "Daddy, when you were a little

most frantic as he demanded, "Mama, a son to have a proper relationship with baby, did you fix your own bottle?"

you can't go."And then he said with his father and with his mother, and Where is your power to rear children

emphasis, "Mama, I won't let you go."for him to know that his father and to bring honor to your name? Each

I shall not forget. The little mother his mother live together in love. There father would do well to recognize that

looked up at her son, and in her broken are some hideous things that can haphe is himself a son. This is true in an

Danish accent she said, "But vher iss pen to a boy—ugly, abnormal, perverted eternal way. It is my testimony that

yoa powah?"It is to her question, things. A proper parental pattern is the the word "father"in the scriptures

"Where Is Your Power?"that I would greatest insurance against tragedy such means father; that we have a childspeak. as this. parent relationship with God; that we

Her son had brought no honor to the The Prophet Jacob, in accusing waywere created in his image; that we are

family name. As a father he had ward fathers of his day, said: his children, and each one of us, parfailed. How sharper than a serpent's "Behold, ye have done greater inticularly those who hold the priesthood,

tooth is failure such as this! I address inquities than the Lamanites, our brethwill one day have to answer to him.

myson—notremarksto totheeveryexclusionfather whoof fathershas a ren.your tenderYe havewives,brokenand lostthe theheartsconfiof SmithThe oncelate layPresidentcriticallyGeorgeill. AlbertThose

who have daughters only, for much of dence of your children, because of your close to him despaired of his life. He

what I say will suit them, too—but bad examples before them; and the later recorded: "One day, under these

pointedly to every man who has a son sobbings of their hearts ascend up to conditions, I lost consciousness of my to carry on his name. God against you...."(Jacob 2:35.) surroundings and thought I had passed

The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterIf the father does not honor the to the other side. I found myself

day Saints is a familycentered Church. priesthood he holds, rest assured that standing with my back to a large

I bear fervent, solemn witness that The the son will do more than duplicate the beautiful lake, facing a great forest

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday inactivity. He will likely magnify the of trees. There was no one in sight,

Saints was divinely instituted; that mischief he sees in you, father. Forand there was no boat upon the lake

there stands at the head of this Church tunately, the same may be true of your or any other visible means to indicate today a prophet of God, and that the virtue and activity also. how I might have arrived there. I

program of the Church is ordered by Give careful, prayerful, conscious realized, or seemed to realize, that I revelation from on high. In the Church thought and consideration to your famhad finished my work in mortality and

there is reverence for family relationily. Do not bury your life in merely had gone home. I began to look around,

ships. Family relationships are sacred. providing a living. Many men play to see if I could not find someone....

The family is eternal. the role of fatherhood just by ear. They "... soon I found a trail through

I speak to the father simply in recogonly react to what is, rather than lo the woods which seemed to have been nition of his place at the head of the strive with conscious, prayerful effort used very little, and which was almost home. Recently a priesthood home for what ought to be. obscured by grass. I followed this

teaching program was inaugurated in A necessary and important discovery trail, and after I had walked for some the Church. It reaffirms to every father with reference to a boy is that he is an time and had traveled a considerable

his responsibility. It brings to every individual. Boys must be taught to distance through the forest, I saw a

father new opportunity. work, but boys are not miniature men, man coming toward me. I became

The responsibilities of fatherhood and the Lord has urged: aware that he was a very large man,

cannot be delegated to social agencies, "And, ye fathers, provoke not your and I hurried my steps to reach him, nor even to the Church, for a father children to wrath: but bring them up because I recognized him as my grandmay unwittingly erase all of the good in the nurture and admonition of the father...."(I say parenthetically here

effects of those outside the home who Lord."(Eph. 6:4.) that his grandfather was George A.

seek to build for him a worthy son. A boy is not born to know that his Smith, First Counselor to President

Parents frequently call upon the Genfather loves him. He must be told Brigham Young.) President Smith coneral Authorities of the Church and and shown and shown and told a thoutinues: "I remember how happy I was

anxiously argue that we are the last sand times or more. A father must be to see him coming. I had been given

hope to rescue a wayward son or wise and patient, 'but most of all he his name and had always been proud daughter. They seek a blessing we must be consistent, and his expectations of it.

cannot always bestow, for often we find must be reasonable. For as the poet said: "When Grandfather came within a

it is the parent and not the child that few feet of me, he stopped. His stopneeds reproof. How wise was the "What unjust judges fathers are, when ping was an invitation for me to stop.

...prophet when he said: in regard to us they hold Then—and this I would like the "... The fathers have eaten sour That even in our boyish days we ought people never to forget—he looked at me

grapes, and the children's teeth are set in conduct to be old. very earnestly and said:

on edge."(Ezek. 18:2.) Nor taste at all the very things that "'I would like to know what you have

One cannot, I repeat, escape the youth and only youth requires; done with my name.'

obligation of fatherhood. The father They rule us by their present wants, "Everything I had ever done passed

who neglects his son may suffer the not by their past longlost desires."before me as though it were a flying

condemnation that the Lord placed (Terence The SelfTormentor, picture on a screen—everything I had

upon the Prophet Eli when he said: Act I, Scene 3, done. Quickly this vivid retrospect

"For I have told him that I will F. W. Ricord's Trans.) came down to the very time I was standjudge his house for ever for the iniquity ing there. My whole life had passed

which he knoweth; because his sons Recently in California a church before me. I smiled and looked at my

made themselves vile, and he restrained leader described a lecture he had given grandfather and said:

them not."(1 Sam. 3:13.) his children. He had forcefully affirmed "'I have never done anything with

DECEMBER 1963 1083 your name of which you need be These scriptures are well known to ashamed.'all. This is a very important question

"He stepped forward and took me in for each one of us. May I ask each of

his arms, and as he did so, I became you, "Do you love the Lord?"The

conscious again of my earthly surroundanswer almost without exception would ings. My pillow was as wet as though be, "Yes."Let us place ourselves in

of Peter. position with the onwater been poured had it—wet ". son of Jonas, lovest thou.. Simon, I could that answer gratitudetears of

unashamed.""FEED me?thou...knowestHe saiththat Iuntolove him,thee. Yea,He Lord;saith This vision or dream of President

Feed unto him, lambs."The Lord my of the reof us each remindsSmith

love can tell him. if we to MY referencesponsibility bear with we

to saith the again second him "He SHEEP"us. given has that beenthe name We

lovest of time, son thou Simon, Jonas, of the ourselves name taken uponhave saith Yea, Lord; him, unto me? He into a coveentered have P.Christ Bernard and Brockhank

I thee. love that thou knowest He to always and to him remembernant of to Assistant the the Council Twelve saith sheep. him, Feed unto my has he which the commandmentskeep time, saith third the unto "He him of keeping in consequence us,given and sisters, it is a joyBrothers and always lovest of Simon, Jonas, son thou me? a there promcomesthe commandments ful to in occasion the look honored and saith Peter unto grieved because he was

Spirit to his shall be haveise that we faces to priesthood bearers, of so many third the time, Lovest thou him me?

with us. be in the presence of our prophet, And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowOur measure will not depend on twelve apostles, and so many fine peoest all things; thou knowest that I love

preference or political degreesacademic to ple desiring enjoy and know the saith thee. Jesus Feed unto him, my

so or influence much as life.or property spiritual things of (Ibid., Italics 21:1517. sheep."added.)

be at lived home. Tosimply like to we how in I would that just mention of this great scene you picture Can

son. faithful is a father to be of thea worthy President passing D. Henry Peter that being these asked powerful

The formula for either is the same. Moyle, working so close with him in simple questions? And the Lord had

Where is your power? It is in the the mission field, I learned to appre- a way of knowing how. deep the love

power of example. Where is your ciate his great strength and his power was within Peter and how to teach

power to raise sons to do honor to your and his interest in taking the gospel him the way to show his love for name? It is in the power of the to every soul. He knew no limit, and Jesus Christ.

priesthood. he always had an open door to everyWe show and prove our love by feedIn closing I quote a few lines from one. He always had time for the right ing the lambs and the sheep. There

Jane Terry written to teachers, applithings. I have never experienced an are over three billion people on the

cable to fathers who are the teachers individual like President Moyle, a man earth today, and at the present rate of of their sons: of leadership, capacity, and strength, teaching, over two and a half billion

and with so many varied interests. of God's children will never be taught

"You are called to be true underAlso working in the mission field with the gospel of Jesus Christ. What if you

shepherds, President Tanner, I used to marvel at were to live on this earth and never had

To keep watch o'er the lambs of the how he could make so many inter- a chance to hear and be taught the fold; views. I am sure that he tired the same true way of life?

And to point out the way to green as the rest of us, but it never seemed Our task is great. Teachers are pastures, to show. Courage and strength—he has needed. Every member of this Church

Of more value than silver or gold. only one real desire and interest and that has a testimony and is converted

that is to further the work of the Lord. is urgently needed. The lambs and the

It blessto share missionary good was sheep are hungry for the bread the children are entrusted"Unto you ings these friendship with to have and Christ. gospel for the of Jesus above. Weof life,can treasures from heavenPriceless

You're to teach them the truth of the two great missionaries. show our love by following the prophet

Gospel, I enjoy reading the scriptures. You of God, "by every member being a

Let them bask in the warmth of your know, they seem to have quite a human missionary"to bring one or more souls love. touch. You remember Peter saying into the Church each year. It is great

after the Savior's resurrection, and in to have a prophet. Have you followed

"I his the absence, fishing."a prophet? go (John father of our help for the ask you"Do is just 21:3.) I find as worried brief occasionally people as and about That dear? so children his teachingIn

it. else's Savior about concerned can put you appeared whether someone The effort? true, honest forth a put youDo is fully are converted. disciples convert the while Peter and were They clear? and impressiveIs message your this fishing. concerned After about Savior the sometimes more shown had

them how to catch fish by casting their than about feeding and teaching their example? living a worthy"Are you gospel. his the nets friends and neighbors under the own direction—casting

should be?Is character your what it in his point about this counsel I learned a lesson net under and his guidance

When the children have gathered—that is the way to fish. He taught the mission field.

around you, them how to be fishers of men, to cast The missionaries baptized a little

Can you say, 'Come, follow me'? their nets under the direction of the Scottish boy, very shabbily dressed, from

Savior. I would like to take the next a very poor home, family conditions al-

"Earnest effort is always rewarded, part of this great message that the most as bad as you could find. I asked

Righteous lives are inspiring to all, effectiveSavior leftmissionary.with Peter Thison howwas tonowbe thean thethis missionary,boy?""Well,"Whyhe isdida yougoodbaptizeboy."

You can render your thanks to our third time that Jesus showed himself to The boy brought his entire family into

Savior, his disciples after that he was risen the Church. His father was an alcoBy making the most of your call."from the dead. Jesus saith to Simon holic. He failed to bring his money

Peter, "Simon, son of Jonas, lovest home. Well, the story has a beautiful

In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. thou me?"ending. Today the boy's father is the

1086 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bishop. I learned not to judge the to know and receive the heavenly blesstwo-year period.

conversion of someone else. The Lord ings and witnesses. Our task is great as members of The

will hold the person that improperly Teach the people to pray to God and Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday brings someone into this Church, and ask for his blessings through the Savior Saints, but with two million fulltime him alone. Jesus Christ. missionaries and Saints, we can teach

Now what have we to teach the Teach them to be kingdom builders. the people, our neighbors, as Jesus said,

"... "to observe all things whatsoever Ipeople? You know, the Savior gives Remember the Lord's Prayer—

us this great message. We don't have When ye pray,"the Lord said, "After have commanded you."(Ibid., 28:20.)

to guess at what to teach. The Savior this manner therefore pray ye... May we all follow our prophet and

said "... Go ye into all the world, and "Thy kingdom come."Anyone praybe missionaries and show our love for

preach the gospel to every creature. ing after the manner of Jesus Christ God by feeding the lambs and the sheep,

"He that believeth and is baptized prays to be a kingdom builder. "Thy I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

shall be saved;..."(Mark 16:1516.) kingdom come. Thy will be done in Christ. Amen.

And then he gives us the key. Jesus earth, as it is in heaven."(Matt. 6:7,

said: "Teaching them to observe all 9-10.)

things whatsoever I have commanded Teach them to have joy and happiyou:..."(Matt. 28:20.) ness; longsuffering, goodness, meekness,

Our job is to teach the people to obtemperance, love, peace, and faith; these

serve all things whatsoever Jesus Christ are the fruits of the Spirit.

has commanded. We are to teach every Teach them the value and power of

nation, kindred, tongue, and people the the priesthood of God, and that it hascommandments given by Christ. been restored to the earth. TEACH

The Prophet Ether in the Book of When you teach, follow the Savior'sMormon is an excellent example of a counsel and "let your light shine."YOUTH

good effective missionary. "... he Pray always before you teach for faith,

could not be restrained because of the wisdom, and the inspiration of the Holy President S. Dilworth Young

Spirit of the Lord which was in him. Ghost. What a marvelous experience Of the First Council of the Seventy

"For he did cry from the morning, to teach the gospel under the inspiraeven until the going down of the sun, tion of the Holy Spirit! What great So the translators may be forewarned,

exhorting the people to believe in God joy comes from feeding the lambs and I am going to say two things which are unto repentance lest they should be the sheep. not on the paper in front of me. The

destroyed, saying unto them that by I would like just to mention in closfirst is that I fully and completelyfaith all things are fulfilled—"(Ether ing a little about the World's Fair as a support President Tanner and Brother

12:2-3.) great missionary venture. I would like Monson in their positions. I am sure

Here are some of the things that to mention that the Church of Jesus they know this already. But for any

Jesus commanded: Christ's pavilion and exhibit at the others who have any doubt about it,

"Let your light so shine before men, New York World's Fair will help to I want them also to know that I do.

that they may see your good works, and show the world that we are Christians The second thing is with regard to glorify your Father which is in heaven."after the order of Jesus Christ's program some desirable attributes mentioned just

(Matt. 5:16.) and teachings, that we literally accept now by Brother Brockbank. He named

Teach them to search the scriptures; the living personal God of the Holy a number of things we must teach our

they contain the program that God has Bible, that we accept the living peryoung folk if we expect to have them provided for his children. sonal Jesus Christ as the Son of God stay true in the Church and have propTeach your fellow man to have faith and as the Redeemer and our Savior. er acceptance before the Lord in his

exhibits will pavilion andin the church Living Personal God as found in The It has kingdom. observation been my

of scriptures. and atmosphere the beauty havethe of as a leader that youth does not one

friends peace. neighbors love Christian sacred and your and The Teach I if in teach "lumps,"youth use may

I in the architect created the and sure image building,that were they was am bulk. the thing Each one word—in It Father. their has of Heavenly an atmospherelikeness inspired God. God, by to teaches to a taught be boy must in faith of sacredness, Jesus the to the have peace and them Teach way things. other separately from him May Savior the of enters the the building, lightChrist, the and golden Son God

I illustrate:

is deof of the world. building the extension the Redeemer wayand

I fire a to teach can a boy with make fair is sin It trip repent the to to and a signed. from worth them Teach

it to for to matches, care put and two of first this building just to the see to and God seek marvelousevil kingdom and it is tests out. of that the one This righteousness. exhibits. his theand

in to the Scout be used Boy Handbook bapsame will exhibits pavilion church and them Teach The baptism—the I I in that can movement. was when as he went exemplified of that the Jesus beauty atmosphere and havetism

I leave so that teach can him him is River at the Jordan the water into Christianity. "Man's theme Thedown

it, I confihave does while he and can authorized of to for God's the Search Happiness."hands hopeunder We

test the will that perform he dence Baptist. the Chrishappiness thatservant, from comes show John

it. seen But do having without him my born be they tian must righteousness. that to show them hope Teach We

I fact that that taught the him much Ghost. receive the fruits Holy Spirit of of the Jesus Church.of the the and many

Jesus said, "... Except a man be born said, "by their fruits ye shall know of honor will not necessarily carry over

next the his to schoolwork, day he and will Matt. 7:16.) (See them."Spirit, cannot the he of Weof and water

I examination. in cheat an now may of of restoration gospel the the show of God."the into kingdomenter steps that teach retrace and must my again, to the earth Christ back Jesus

3:5.)(John in examinations, cheat to and not boy it lived as Jesus the was when same neighlove to them God and Teach to not cheat taught having then him this earth. upon

bor. The fair will be for two years, 1964 in examinations, I must take any other

Teach them to pray from their hearts and 1965. It is estimated that over virtue I want him to possess, center on

to a Living God and a Heavenly Father. seventy million people will attend. In it, and teach him that. I may not asTeach them that revelation from God my estimation it will be the finest sume that because I have generalized on

to man has never ceased if man desires World's Fair ever held because of the the code of conduct which I expect him

DECEMBER 1963 1087 to live by that he will get any of that finds that the man is determined to the standards of true nobility, President code into his system, except as I detail serve him at all hazards, then the man Henry D. Moyle was truly a great man."

it one item at a time. That has been will find his calling and his election The scholar Carlyle once observed:

my experience in teaching boys. made sure, then it will be his privilege "The history of this world is written

That explains, to me at least, why to receive the other Comforter...."in the lives of its great men."We pay

we teach thoroughly the Word of Wis- (DHC 3, 380.) honor and respect to men and women

dom, and then discover to our sorrow I call to your attention the words "he whom we consider to be great by obthat often times the person who would finds that a man is determined to serve serving the anniversaries of their birth, not disobey one phase of the Word of him at all hazards."That is the word, by erecting monuments and statues to

doesn't sometimes haveWisdom much their is visiting their memory, by tombs and that what dewe need today—conception of the code. moral Or and laying thereon, wreaths and by to determination we termination—voluntary

the teach code, does he moral him and their engraving stones serve at names on and all hazards. him This is the

not seem to have any conception of the lost word which is not lost, but which sepulchers. But more important still

Word of Wisdom. We cannot allow many of us have not known. is the manner in which they linger and

ourselves to assume that a boy, or girl This involves a man in his higher live in our memories; how well we

either, is going to learn more than one nature, too, in the realm of his free remember their teachings and the way thing at a time. agency to do as he will. they have influenced our lives for good.

Henry Van Dyke, an author read This generation of youth and we parWell might we ask the question:

very much by the past generation, but ents will find the key which opens the "What made these men or women little known to this one, once wrote a door to the solution of its problems by great? What constitutes greatness?"

story concerning a man who lost the the practice of this simple but potent The Greek philosopher Pericles, many could Until save him.word he which this ago, pondered problem it the centuries Without

it, could say put remember it, and arrived at the conclusion and finally it word—determination.gospel will not affect us very much.

peace—that'sinto his life howonce themore,storyhe went.found no pointThe withpast solemngenerationsprideto werewhichdeterwe bered,that: "Menand whosewho arememorieslongest arerememmost

Well, there is a word which many of mined to stand pure before the Lord. highly revered, are not those who made

the present generation have not learned Each generation must in its turn show the most money, but those whose to know in the first place. It is not lost, equal determination if it is to be achearts were gentle, whose sympathies

for it has not yet been learned. Yet cepted. Our present generation, young were broad, and who best served

without it we cannot go very far in our and old, is now making this choice. I humanity."

progress toward the kingdom of heaven. pray that we may be determined in We are often prone to judge men

Like Mr. Van Dyke, I shall leave the our turn to obey the commandments hastily and to consider them great if

wordsay—butuntilI shallthe lasttalkpartto ofit. what I shall byand one,to teacheach eachcommandment,of our children,both oneby theyamountaccumulateof wealth.or Ofttimesamass a duringsubstantialthis

I found a suggestion of it in the words precept and example, and to stand true acquiring process, such men become of President Heber C. Kimball when to the prophet of our generation, conself-centered and lose sight of things

he wrote his feelings about first hearing cerning whom I bear witness that he is spiritual and neglect opportunities to the gospel. He wrote: "The family of a prophet. I also bear witness to the help others.

John Young, Senior,"(who incidentally fact that the Lord Jesus Christ is our The Lord, who is aware of the weakis my greatgreat-grandfather) "of five Savior and has given us his gospel to nesses of men, sounded a note of warnsons and five daughters and two sonssee if we will obey it. May the Lord ing aga*inst these tendencies when he

inlaw, John P. Greene and Joel Sanhelp us to do it I pray in his name. questioned: "For what is a man profited,

ford, had moved to Mendon a few Amen. if he shall gain the whole world, and

years previously."Brother Kimball was lose his own soul?..."(Matt. 16:26.)

in Mendon at this time. "They had the Then later he proclaimed: "Behold,

same principles in their breasts that I there are many called, but few are had in mine; truth was what we wanted chosen...."(D&C 121:34.) He then

and would have; and truth is what we explained why they are not chosen,

did receive."giving this reason: "Because their hearts

I call to your attention these words: are set so much upon the things of this

"Truth was what we wanted and would world,..."(Ibid., 121:35.)

have."Nothing that. of possession could change wealth and the

livesTheir were a witness are they "HE thingsThe of this world to what not objectionhave""would for righteous purposes. able if used The

tion, loss THAT IS GREATEST ancient it clear Prophet Jacob made of property—severalfor in spite of timespersecuinsuccession;—the truth they found they AMONG when he gave this sage counsel on the

spite"would proper of wealth: of all obstacles. use have"—in

before "But ye seek for riches, seek In explaining principle the of the YOU"second comforter, the Prophet Joseph ye for the kingdom of God.

Smith said these words: "... After a Henry D. Taylor "And after ye have obtained a hope

person has faith in Christ, repents of Assistant to the Council of the Twelve in Christ ye shall obtain riches, if ye his sins, and is baptized for the remisseek them; and ye will seek them for

sion of his sins and receives the Holy About two weeks ago a great and good the intent to do good—to clothe the

Ghost, (by the laying on of hands) man, who had completed his mission naked, and to feed the hungry, and to which is the first Comforter, then let him here on the earth, was called "home"liberate the captive, and administer continue to humble himself before God, by our Heavenly Father. Tributes were relief to the sick and the afflicted."

hungering and thirsting after righteouspaid to President Moyle by his asso- (Jacob 2:1819.) In a word, to assist

ness, and living by every word of God, ciates, recounting his many acts of defellow men and to serve God.

and the Lord will soon say unto him, votion, generosity, and service to God While we realize that wealth cannot

Son, thou shalt be exalted. When the and his fellow men. President McKay buy happiness nor eternal life, one has

Lord has thoroughly proved him and in his eulogy remarked: "Measured by humorously suggested: "Money may not

108 8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bring happiness, but it can surely make earth, he thrilled and uplifted those There is a joy that comes from workbeing in misery a lot more enjoyable."who listened to his teachings. Many ing and rendering service in the Church

To work and to earn a comfortable livhad a desire to follow and hear more and in being a servant to our fellow ing is important. Latterday Saints are of his inspired utterances. One disciple men. King Benjamin taught: "... when

taught that everyone, insofar as possible, expressed his intention of following and ye are in the service of your fellow should be selfsupporting, maintaining gaining more information, but made the beings ye are only in the service of his own economic independence, and request: "... Lord, suffer me first to go your God."(Mosiah 2:17.)

looking to no one but himself for asand bury my father."This would seem To every faithful member of the

sistance. A man also has the responsito be a reasonable request. But Jesus Church will come opportunities to serve

bility of providing for his family. To answered and said unto him: "Folin some capacity, for the need for

earn a livelihood and at the same time low me.... Let the dead bury their service in the fields of missionary work,

live within one's income become both dead."(Luke 9:5960.) temples, home teaching, instructing

a challenge and a goal. In contrast to these instances of hesiclasses, choirs, and musical groups, work

But while doing these important tation and lukewarmness it is refreshing on welfare projects, administrative posithings, does man have no responsibility to note how some of the apostles retions, and many other activities, still to his neighbor or to God? Can he not sponded to the calls Jesus made of them. remains great.

provide for his family and at the same The Savior, while "... walking by the If we would meet the Savior's standtime serve his fellow men? sea of Galilee, saw two brethren, Simon ard for greatness, we will readily and

The Church of Jesus Christ of Lattercalled Peter, and Andrew his brother, humbly accept the callings that come day Saints is composed of lay members. casting a net into the sea: for they were and become servants in the house of the

The leaders and workers are called from fishers. Lord, remembering that "He gives best

the ranks. Every single member is a "And he saith unto them, Follow me, who serves most."Then we may rest

potential leader, and every day throughand I will make you fishers of men. assured that if we do our best, the Lord

out the Church certain individuals are "And they straightway left their nets, will do the rest.

called and chosen to fill positions of and followed him."(Matt. 4:1820.) I testify from personal experience that

importance. In accepting these callings Here there were no questions asked, no joy and happiness have come to me

they are recognizing the words of the alibis offered, no arguments given. through opportunities to serve in buildSavior, when he said: "He that is greatGoing on a little farther, the Savior ing up God's kingdom here upon the

est among you shall be your servant."saw two other men, James and John, earth, and I humbly pray that this

(Matt. 23:11.) who were also fishermen. They were same joy and happiness can come to

This attitude of humility was eviassisting their father Zebedee in mendevery member of the Church, all of denced by a former VicePresident of ing their nets. When he called them, which I humbly pray for in the name of

the United States who rose to great they immediately and without hesitation the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

heights of prominence, even aspiring to left their ship and their father and folbecome President, although unsuccesslowed Jesus. (See ibid., 4:2122.) Were

fully. Later he was elected to a more they not filled with the spirit of obedihumble office as a junior Senator from ence and service?

his home state. In accordance with As calls come to us for church service

Senate protocol, he took his seat on the by the Lord's representatives, it is rear row. His associates and fellow natural for us to wonder why we have

Senators, over whom he had presided, been selected. The Lord has made it Saturday Evening General Priesthood Session

offered him, out of love and respect, a plain that every individual has been October 5, 1963 desk on the front row. He modestly blessed and endowed with certain gifts

declined, uttering this classic statement: and talents. And while there are many

"I am willing to be a junior and sit on gifts, yet "To some is given one, and tothe back row, for I had rather be a some is given another, that all may be TO servant in the house of the Lord, than profited thereby. (D&C 46:12.) HAVEsit in the seats of the Mighty.""And all these gifts come from God, It is interesting to note the varying for the benefit of the children of God."DOMINION

ways in which individuals respond to (Ibid., 46:26.)

calls made of them. When the Lord Now it was intended that these gifts Sterling W. Sill

told Moses that he was the one chosen and talents should be shared with Assistant to the Council of the Twelve to become the leader of Israel and was others, for the purpose of rendering servto lead his people out of captivity and ice to fellow men and making their My brethren, I appreciate this privilege bondage, Moses was startled and began lives happier. Every week the Taberof having a part with you in the gento offer one alibi and excuse after annacle Choir thrills, inspires, and uplifts eral priesthood conference of the Church.

other, stating that his people would not us, their listeners, with beautiful music, I have been greatly stimulated as I am believe that he was the one that had just as this chorus today has thrilled us. sure you have by the messages of these

been called to become their leader. The Many of us are not blessed with fine young men who have talked to us so

Lord gave him many assurances, but musical talents, but there are other interestingly about the importance of

Moses was still doubtful, and finally gifts that we do possess, and other servcontrolling our own lives.

said, "O my Lord, I am not eloquent ices that we can render. The poet, One of the most inspiring messages

... but I am slow of speech, and of a Edward Everett Hale, aptly expressed in all sacred scripture is the story of

slow tongue."(Exod. 4:10.) Noting this thought: the sixth day of creation when God made

his reluctance after the many promises man in his own image. He also endowed

"I one, only am given, of the the angerand assurances of attributes. a set him with his own

I still But am against Moses,Lord and was kindled of one. Then, as the creation, climax very

I everything, cannot do he was instructed to call Aaron, his But still I can do something; God gave man dominion over everything

brother, to assist and serve as his And because I cannot do everything upon the earth, including himself. The

spokesman. I will not refuse to do the something dictionary says that "dominion"means

During the Savior's ministry upon the that I can do."control or the power to govern. The

DECEMBER 1963 1089 most important part of the dominion is fit to bear the government in the for righteous accomplishment. We

given to man was selfdominion. In all commonwealth."must be more successful in disciplining

of creation, it was only to man that God Each of us has been given a magthe mind and training the will. Somesaid, "... thou mayest choose for thynificent instrument called a brain, one has pointed out that "planning"is

self...."(Moses 3:17.) which was intended to play a much the place where man shows himself

On one occasion Joseph Smith was more prominent part in our religious most like God. Who could be more

asked to explain the unusual harmony life than it sometimes does. The brain, Godlike than one who intelligently

existing among his large group of not the feelings or the passions, was plans his own life? He is the one who

church members, though they differed designated by God to be the presiding blueprints accomplishment and builds so greatly in background, nationality, officer of the personality. And when the roadway of success. The highest

and experience. The Prophet replied, we honor the authority of the mind, paid man in the army is the general.

"I teach the people correct principles we become masters instead of slaves. He is the one who "thinks"and "plans"

and they govern themselves."(Cited by Someone has written some interesting for the army. But each of us is the

John Taylor, JD 10:5758.) verse about selfmastery. He said: general of his own life, and each is

One of the most important parts of also his own soldier. As generals, our

real religion is to qualify ourselves to job is to work out a better program for govern our own lives effectively and SELFMASTERY ourselves as soldiers, and the more skilrighteously. Someone has said, "He ful we are as generals, the more sucthat would move the world, must first "What tho I conquer my enemies, cessful we will be as soldiers.

move himself."We talk a great deal And lay up store and pelf, Sometime ago I spent a few hours

about the fact that we have been given I am a conqueror poor indeed, with a group of missionaries. We were

the priesthood. The priesthood is the Till I subdue myself. discussing missionary work under the

authority to act in the name of the two great headings of the "message"

Lord. But by itself that is not enough. "What tho I read and learn by heart and the "messenger."We are halfway

We must also develop the "ability"to Whole books while I am young, to success when we understand the treact in the name of the Lord. The au- I am a linguist in disgrace, mendous importance of the message

thority can never be of very great Who cannot guard my tongue. that the gospel of Jesus Christ has again

consequence without the ability. That been restored to the earth with the auis, how much benefit would be derived "What tho on campus I excel thority to officiate in all of the princifrom having the authority to make con- A champ in meet and fight ples and ordinances of the gospel having

verts without the ability to make If trained efficient still I can't to do with the celestial kingdom. But

converts. Control an appetite. no great message is ever delivered

The most inspiring thing about the without a great messenger. Inasmuch

life of Jesus was not his ability to quiet "What tho exemptions write my name as the professional approach to any the storm or control the tempest, but High on the honor roll accomplishment is first to isolate the his absolute control of himself. The Electives, solids fail me if problem, I said to the missionaries,

Master did not need to make a single I learn no selfcontrol. "Before I can be of much help to you,

mistake in order to find out that it was I need to know what your problems wrong. We have developed a fairly "And tho I graduate and soar are. Will each of you tell me in one

good control over some of our body And life is good to me, word why you're not ten times as effecmembers; for example, I have great auMy heart shall write me failure till tive as you are?"

thority over my finger. If I tell it to I learn selfmastery."As the answers were given, we wrote

bend, it bends. If I tell it to unbend, them on the blackboard. However,

it unbends. If I give my feet an order, when we analyzed them we found that

they obey immediately, and we will Our human nature is made up of an every single one of them had to do have succeeded in our religious responsiinteresting duality, which Jesus rewith the "messenger,"none of them bility when we get that same kind of ferred to as the spirit and the flesh, was about the message. I said to them,

control over our thoughts, our emotions, and most of us permit a constant con- "I'm going back to church headquarters our tongues, our industry, our faith, and flict to rage between the two. Plato in the morning, and I would like to be

our desire to serve God. Some of us have refers to this duality as an upper soul able to report what's wrong with the

mistrained our appetites to a point where and a lower soul. He describes the message."But no one had any complaint

we tend to "think"with our stomachs; lower soul as the dwelling place of with the message. Their only problems

that is, our appetites frequently have weakness, sin, and appetite, whereas the involved changing the messenger.

more influence in directing our lives upper soul is the residence of the intelOne missionary said, "I can't be a than our reason or even the commandlect; it is the headquarters of reason good missionary because I am not

ments of God. This same misuse of our and the operational base of judgment friendly."

powers frequently gives our fears, our and righteousness. On this battle ground I said, "What do you mean?"

doubts, our prejudices, our hates, and the fate of each of us is being decided He said, "Well, my companion loves our sex impulses the control of our lives. daily. Each individual is tending toeveryone, and everyone loves him. Our

Before we can be successful in our Godward his natural status of king or slave. contacts all gather around him, but

given dominion, our emotions must be As we overcome the unworthy elements because'I am not that kind of person brought under the direction of the spirit. within ourselves, we become masters, I am left by myself."

St. Augustine said, "Wouldst thou capable of ruling our lives in wisdom I said, "Would you show me what

have thy flesh obey thy spirit? Then with righteous power. As we surrender you mean by going down this aisle and

have thy spirit obey thy God. Thou must to our appetites, we become slaves. The shaking hands with these people the

be governed, if thou wouldst govern."alcoholic, the immoral, the dishonest, way you ordinarily do it?"

And only when we properly govern the profane, and the idle are losing the In complying he did his usual unimourselves according to what is right, battle to the lower soul by allowpressive job. Then I said to him, "Now,

can we escape the destructive rule of ing themselves too many lower soul will you go down this other aisle and our moods and appetites. experiences. shake hands with these other people the

Sir Walter Raleigh said, "A man must The one business of life is to succeed, way your companion does it?"

first govern himself, ere he be fit to and one of our greatest Christian duties Then he squared his shoulders, got a govern a family; and his family, ere he is to organize and supervise ourselves little different look in his eye and a

1090 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA little different tension in his muscles as of this Godgiven dominion. Certainly do?"It is pretty difficult to force ourhe tried to demonstrate to me how his we need a better mastery of the messelves to be decent or successful while

companion did it. He seemed to be an sage, but we also have a lot more work we are in love with sin and failure.

immediate success while following the to do on the messenger. There is a lower soul psychology that

example of his companion. I told him Solomon said, "With all thy getting, says that the way to develop the perabout the famous "As If"principle of get wisdom."(See Prov. 4:7.) And then sonality is to give expression to our

William James. Mr. James said if someone that must have been much desires. It says that parents should not

you want to have a quality act "As If"wiser than Solomon said, "With all say "no"to their children because of you already had it. If you want to be thy getting, get going."George Bernard the possibility of dwarfing their perfriendly, act "As If"you are already Shaw touched our problem when he sonalities. If a child feels like slamming

friendly. How long does it take one said that the primary occupation of life the door, he should slam it. If he feels

to learn to be friendly? It takes just is taking a mob of appetites, and organlike sowing some wild oats, he should

onequarter of a second, just long izing them into an army of purposes sow them. It says that desires should

enough to make up your mind to pracand ambitions. be expressed, otherwise the child's

tise the "As If"principle. If you want It is a very significant point of view growth may be inhibited and his perto be brave, act "As If"you were already that every human being has been given sonality distorted. This philosophy has

brave, don't go around telling everyone two creators. One is God, and the other made a great contribution to our uphow scared and weak you are. It is the is himself. That is, the creation of surge in juvenile and adult delinquency.

axiom of the theater that each actor man is not something that was finished We might bring some upper soul should live his part. and done with in the Garden of Eden. philosophy to bear on this point by a

On one occasion Theodore Roosevelt The creation of man is still going on. review of the Ten Commandments. Yet,

was decorating one of his generals for It is taking place today, and it took a prominent minister recently said that bravery. He said, "This is the bravest place last week, and it will take place the Ten Commandments should no

man that I have ever seen."He said, next month, and you are the creator. longer be used as the basis for religious

"He walked right behind me all the That is, you are currently creating the training. He said that the Ten Comway up San Juan Hill."Theodore enthusiasms and the industry and the mandments gave young people the idea

Roosevelt was a sickly child. He began courage and the faith that will deterthat the church was a wet blanket. He

life as a weakling, not expected to live; mine what your lives will be throughout said the dictatorial "Thou shalt nots"

but he trained himself to think courage, eternity. Someone has asked this interestwere not in good taste any more. He

strength, health, and vitality, and that ing question: "How would you like to said, "In my church I no longer refer

is what he got. One of the things that create your own mind?"But isn't that to the Ten Commandments."He didn't

frightens me most as I go about a little exactly what everyone does? say whether or not he thought chastity,

bit is to hear so many people talking William James said, "The mind is honesty, and worship should be done weakness, failure, and sin. The most made up by what it feeds upon."The away with, or whether God had

widespread disease in the world is the mind becomes what God intended it changed his mind about these values, inferiority complex. And when we think should be, only when it is fed on but only that he had convinced himinferiority, that is what we get. Another enough upper soul experiences. It has self that the Ten Commandments were

missionary described his problem by been said that "the mind like the dyer's outmoded and no longer useful.

saying, "I can't concentrate."I said, hand, is colored by what it holds."Another religious leader said that the

"What do you plan doing about it?"That is, if I hold in my hand a sponge stern command "Thou shalt not"was

He said, "There's nothing I can do; I full of purple dye, my hand becomes much too harsh for our presentday

just can't concentrate."One of our purple, and if I hold in my mind and sensitivity, and he suggested that the

most unfortunate weaknesses is that heart great ideas of honor, righteousform of the commandments should be we sometimes think we are under senness, industry, and the love of truth, my modified and some softer word such tence to remain forever as we presently whole personality is colored accordingly. as "advise"or "suggest"or "recomare. Yet one of the most exciting ideas And our selfdominion is made more mend"be used. We make one of our

in life is the possibility of changing effective when we make love to the most serious mistakes when we become ourselves for the better. right kind of ideas, and refuse all lower too soft to accept truth unless it is

William James said, "The greatest soul experiences. While Cain was trainhighly sugar coated. We settle too

discovery of my generation is that we ing himself to "... love Satan more many of our problems by compromise,

can change our circumstances by changthan God..."(Moses 5:18), he was or how we feel, rather than by what

ing our attitudes of mind."A lot of giving dominion to his lower soul. This is right. Frequently we would rather

people want to change their circumis a process that many frequently folbe ruined by praise than saved by critistances, but few are willing to change low. Sometime ago a young man discism. It is pretty serious business when

themselves. It is very interesting, cussed with me an improper marriage we turn our backs on good merely behowever, that the problem that these which he was contemplating. I asked cause we don't like someone's tone of

missionaries seemed to have the most him why. He said he was in love. voice or because what is said doesn't

difficulty with, was that of getting the But love alone is an insufficient basis quite suit our fancy.

beds off their backs in the morning. I for marriage. Anyone can fall in love The story is told of a father and a

brought away a mental picture timed at with anything. Many people have son riding down the highway. The

6:00 am showing these missionaries fallen in love with idleness, profanity, son was explaining to the father what

pulling and struggling trying to get up, adultery, and drunkenness. Cain fell he didn't like about the Ten Comwith the mattress being successful in in love with Satan. mandments. He said they were negaholding them down. Isn't it ridiculous A chain smoker was recently ordered tive and besides that he didn't like anythat we sometimes live through an enby his doctor to give up smoking. He one telling him what not to do. Soon

tire lifetime and never learn to get up had fallen in love with cigarets, and they came to an intersection in the in the morning? The Church is now he felt very sorry for himself that he highway. There was one signboard

133 years old, and some of us have was now being forced to give up his telling where the lefthand road led, barely made a start in living the "mesbad habit. He said, "What good could and another signboard telling where the

sage"because we have exhausted our it possibly do me to quit smoking when righthand road led. The father took

strength struggling with the messenger. I have to stand over myself like a the wrong road. This greatly disturbed

So far as I know almost every problem policeman with a club, ordering myself the son. He couldn't understand how

that holds us back involves a misuse to do something that I don't want to the father could make such a ridiculous

DECEMBER 1963 1091 mistake. The father admitted that he (Exod. 19:1618.) I seriously doubt that even one man can, if he will, change

had read the signboard, but he said, "I the Lord has changed his mind since the morale of a whole community. Edjust don't want any signboard telling then. ward Everett Hale once said,

me where to go."God himself cannot look upon sin

For our benefit God has erected some with the least degree of allowance. He "I am only one,

signboards of right and wrong, and permits none of it in his presence. But But still I am one.

when we are headed toward destruction he has said, "... nevertheless thou may- I cannot do everything,

the sign is flashed saying, "Thou shalt est choose for thyself."(Moses 3:17.) But still I can do something;

not."What we do from there on, He has given us dominion that we And because I cannot do everything

however, is strictly up to us. Sometime might develop our own lives. Aristotle I will not refuse to do the something

ago I read one of Lincoln's antislavery once told Alexander the Great that the that I can do."

debates. Lincoln's opponent had said, most dangerous enemy that ever con-

"You can't afford to free the southern fronted an army was never in the ranks My brethren in the priesthood, that slaves, because there are some four of the foe, but always in your own the Lord will help us to get dominion million of them. Each has a value camp. And that is a good thing for us over our lives, is my prayer which I ask

to his owner of approximately $1,000. to remember. Suppose we ask ourselves in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

That is, if you free the slaves you will who is the greatest enemy of America?

upset the economy of this little group It isn't Russia or China or Cuba; that is

of slave owners by some four billion ridiculous. Who causes our strikes and

dollars which they can't afford, but in brings about our racial strife? Who

addition who will take care of the robs our banks and causes our many corn, the cotton, and the tobacco crops?"kinds of delinquency? Who is it that

When Lincoln came to the platform, makes our political blunders, gives us a he brushed all of these considerations bad name abroad, and causes our weakaside as immaterial. He said, "There nesses at home? Or who is responsible

is only one question that we need to for our individual sins and keeps us PRIESTHOODanswer about slavery, and that is this: ignorant, lethargic, and unsuccessful? Is slavery right or is it wrong? Is it The Lord suggested the answer, when -THE POWER

right for some men to hold other men on September 22, 1832, he gave a greatin bondage?"Now I hope that somerevelation in which he said in part, OF

time when you have a problem that is "And now I give unto you a commandcausing you difficulty, you will rememment to beware concerning yourselves, GOD ber Lincoln's formula of right and..."(D&C 84:43.) Our own signs say,

wrong. "Beware of the dog"or "Beware of the President N. Eldon Tanner

Sometime ago it was reported that an train"or "Beware of the communists,"Of the First Presidency engineer was discharged from his embut the Lord gets nearer to our problem ployment. He asked his employer for when he says "... beware concerning Brethren, if I had the authority, I think

the reason. The employer said, "You yourselves...."The chief character- I would dismiss this meeting. I have cerallowed us to make a wrong decision istic of sin, and the chief characteristic tainly enjoyed the messages given by

which cost us considerable money."The of lack of success is our failure to manthese two young men and Brother Sill.

engineer said, "But certainly you reage our thoughts, our attitudes, and our I was thrilled, inspired, and encouraged, member that I advised you against ambitions. Pythagoras said, "No man and my testimony was strengthened.

making that decision."The employer is free who cannot command himself."There are 370 places in which our

said, "Yes, I know that you did, but you And we might add that no man is capyoung men, and men not so young, didn't pound the table when you able of making the most and the best holding the priesthood are meeting todid it."of his life who cannot command himnight. If there are 20 young men in

The Lord didn't make that mistake self. We will have happiness in our each place, and I think I am being

when he gave the Ten Commandments. homes, success in our work, righteousconservative, we have 7,500 young men

He pounded the table and fried to make ness in our personal lives, and eternal holding the Aaronic Priesthood assemthe occasion as memorable as possible, life in God's presence, only as we learn bled out away from this Temple Square.

and he expects us to be equally forceself-mastery and develop the willpower When they heard the messages of these ful in carrying out his instructions. 1 to put it in force. It is the responsibility two boys, I am sure they were happy

would like to read toyou a description of the priesthood to prepare the way to be one of those holding the Aaronic of the setting in which the Ten Combefore the glorious second coming of Priesthood.

mandments were given. It gives us an Christ. It is our personal responsibility The priesthood is the power of God

atmosphere for shaping our own to prepare our families and our indidelegated to man to act in his name.

dominion. vidual lives for celestial glory, and we What a thrilling thing that is to think

The scripture says, "And it came to will fail or succeed in exact proportion about; our young men throughout the

pass on the third day in the morning, as we get dominion over our own lives. Church, their fathers and their older

that there were thunders and lightnings, The Lord has said, "... let virtue garnbrothers having that authority! I think

and a thick cloud upon the mount, and ish thy thoughts unceasingly;,.. of the young deacon passing the Sacrathe voice of the trumpet exceedingly "The Holy Ghost shall be thy conment, the emblems of the great sacrifice

loud; so that all the people that was in stant companion,... and thy dominion that was made by our Savior. You

the camp trembled. shall be an everlasting dominion, and know, when the Savior was here upon

"And Moses brought forth the people without compulsory means it shall flow this continent, he asked the apostles out of the camp to meet with God; and unto thee forever and ever."(Ibid., to pass the Sacrament, and then others

they stood at the nether part of the 121:4546.) were called and appointed and given the

mount. Carl Erskine, the great former Dodger authority to do this and other things

"And mount Sinai was altogether on baseball pitcher, once said, "I never as well—then think of our boys who

a smoke, because the Lord descended pray to win, I just pray to be in my are deacons, passing the Sacrament to upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof best form."What a thrilling accomthe people! Then think of the teachers

ascended as the smoke of a furnace, plishment if every bearer of the priestout teaching the gospel to the people, and the whole mount quaked greatly."hood was always in his best form; for warning them, helping them, and en1092 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

couraging them to live the gospel should discipline ourselves. That is the courage and the strength, the deteachings! I think of these young priests simple. That is all that you have to termination and the discipline to do it.

holding the priesthood, which is the do—decide what you want to do to be Don't let the devil, himself, get in your

power of God, going into the waters of happy and to be worthy of the priestway. He is certainly going to try, and

baptism to baptize a person. They have hood, so that you can speak in the name he will be there all the time, watching

the same power and authority to baptize of the Lord Jesus Christ and have for a place to interfere with your prothat the apostles, and even Christ himthat accepted. gram. But, how successful and how

self, had. These young men at the age So, boys, as you go into this great happy you will be, and what joy you

of 19 and 20 are ordained elders. They program of the Church and into the will experience, as you follow the proare then called to go out into the misgreat challenges that are given to you gram that you have set out for yourself.

sion field. They are commissioned by as you go into life, make up your minds Be man enough to say, "This is what I

Jesus Christ, through those having auwhat you want to be. Of course, you am going to do."

thority, and are ordained and set apart must honor your parents. They are the I have a definition of will power

as ambassadors of the Lord. There are ones that gave you life. They looked which I use, and will power is so im12,000 of these young men in the field after you when you couldn't do anything portant in the program you have chosen.

today, holding the priesthood, and as but cry and squirm. They fed and Will power is the power to do what

they baptize a person, that baptism is clothed you. They have given you you want to do when you don't want

accepted by our Heavenly Father. As the education that you have and the to do it. Brother Sill said these misthey confirm a person, he is confirmed opportunities that are yours. You are sionaries want to get up at six o'clock;

a member of the Church, and it is mighty poor sports and not very good but when six o'clock comes in the binding through time and all eternity. citizens if you won't honor your parents. morning, they don't want to do it.

As those young men 19 or 20 years of But, when it comes to determining And will power is the power to do it age lay their hands upon the head of an what you are going to do in life, you then, and you will find that as you go individual and ordain him a deacon, make up your own minds. They have on through life.

teacher, priest, or elder and bestow upon given you plenty of teaching. Obey I would like to say to you young

him all the authority and power perthem, but when it comes to this decimen that you have a great influence in taining to that office and calling in the sion, "Just what do I want out of life?"the world. How much greater your inMelchizedek Priesthood, he is accepted you determine what you want and set fluence would be if everyone of you

by Jesus Christ and becomes a member about to do what you want to do. But would just follow the advice of these

of his Church and his kingdom. sit down and be sure you have decided two young men who spoke to you to-

I wonder how many businessmen what you want to do. I don't think night. I need not add anything to what

here tonight would be prepared to say there is a young man within the sound they have said, but to encourage you to to those 12,000 young men, "You go of my voice tonight that would choose realize that the things that these young out into the world, and I will accept to do wrong. As this young man said, men have said are the things that will

your judgment. You make any deal those men that are in Sing Sing didn't bring joy and happiness into your lives.

that you think is right with anybody want to be there, that isn't what they Set about to do it—we want you to

you think you can depend upon and set out to do. But, they had not made be happy.

whom you can trust, and I will honor up their minds strongly enough as to I love these young people in our the agreement—I will pick up the tab."what they did want to do to go about Church. I love young people wherever

I would just like to ask some of you it with a determination to discipline I find them, and if there is anything businessmen how many men, you could themselves and do the things that would I can do to help them be happy, to be pick out that you would be prepared to make life really what they wanted. successful in life, to accomplish the

send out into the world and say, "This So, talk to yourselves and say to things that they want to accomplish, is your assignment, and I will honor yourselves, "Just what do I want out that is the thing I would like to help whatever you do."There wouldn't be of life?"Make up your mind and have them do. We are cognizant of the fact

many, but still the Lord is saying to these young men who hold the priesthood, as they go out into the field, "Anything you do in the power of the priesthood and in my name, I will honor."Then I see these young men—these

deacons, these teachers, and these priests present here tonight—all preparing themselves for this call as missionaries. I was proud of these two

young men, and I could just see thousands of them throughout the world, preparing themselves to accept that great responsibility as missionaries.

Boys, keep this in mind. It is a great

honor; it is a great privilege; it is a great

blessing to hold the priesthood of God.

You are the only people in all the world who hold the priesthood. What a

privilege! And I say, following what

Brother Sill said tonight, it is so important that you not only want to do what is right, but you have to determine what you wish to do, and make up your mind that you are going to do it, and then set about to discipline yourselves as these two young men told us we

DECEMBER 1963 1093 that you are going to have temptations from the brain of the wildest dreamer."fected the whole world and will yet

as you go through life—all kinds of And Robert Louis Stevenson wrote: redeem it.

temptations. Your young friends told "You cannot run away from a weakWell, now, you older men, has your

you about them tonight. They didn't ness. You must sometime fight it out chance passed? You high priests, sevengo into detail, but you are going to have or perish, and if that be so why not ties, and elders, is it too late for you

them. But make up your mind now now, and where you stand."to do something worthwhile? Let me

what you are going to do and what And another has said, "Decision debring you another set of figures:

you are not going to do. termines destiny. There is absolutely Immanuel Kant was 74 when he

I have talked to hundreds of young no greatness that is not buffeted with wrote his finest philosophical work.

people who have had problems, and goodness. Brace to the splendid day's Verdi was 80 when he produced

with very few exceptions, yes, with very work. Keep fit. Be a man."Falstaff and 84 when he produced

few exceptions, it is because they have Many times I have quoted, and no "Ave Maria."

not made up their minds what they doubt many of you have memorized the Goethe was 80 when he completed would do under certain circumstances. clarion call for men to match our mesFaust.

I would like to make this appeal to sage and our times: Tennyson was 80 when he wrote

young men. Honor your pa. nts, honor "Crossing the Bar."

your mother, and honor womanhood. "God give us men! A time like this Michelangelo completed his greatest

I would like to say to you young men demands work at 87.

who hold the priesthood of God, any Strong minds, great hearts, true faith Titian, at 98, painted the historic picgirl with whom you go has a right and ready hands. ture, "The Battle of Lepanto."

to expect you to protect her, to look out Men whom the lust of office does not Justice Holmes was 90 when he was for her interests, to honor her, to honor kill; still writing brilliant opinions.

the womanhood in her, and to treat her Men whom the spoils of office canGeorge Bernard Shaw was 88 and was as you would want your mother or your not buy; superbly chauvinistic.

sister to be treated. She has a perfect President David O. McKay, past 90,

right to expect that and to feel sure that "Men who possess opinions and a will; is recognized worldwide as a dynamic

you will protect her virtue with Men who have honor—men who will and inspired religious leader. He is

your lives. not lie; carrying a load which would buckle the

Brethren, it is a great honor to hold Men who can stand before the demaknees of many younger men. At his

the priesthood of God. Magnify your gogue advanced age he still leads us, shows

priesthood, and it will magnify you. And damn his treacherous flatteries us the way, and sets the pace.

You will have joy and happiness while without winking; But perhaps some of you say, "Well,

you sojourn upon this earth, and as you Tall men, suncrowned, who live above I have some handicaps."Sarah Bernfinish your mission here, you will be the fog hardt had as her motto, "In spite of

worthy to go back into the presence of In public duty and in private thinkeverything."Paul Speicher writing in

our Father. That is my testimony to ing;..."(Josiah Gilbert Holland.) one of the magazines about what hapyou, and my prayer for you in the name pens to men who refuse to be stopped,

of Jesus Christ. Amen. Each one of us must live with himself reminds us of some statistics, reminds

throughout eternity, and each one is us of what can happen to a man if he -m now working on the kind of man he has the will to do, and knows what must live with throughout eternity. Let he wants to do.

us determine for ourselves the kind of "Cripple a man and you have a Sir man our eternal companion is to be. Walter Scott; put him in prison and

I say now is the time to act: It is neither you have a Bunyan; bury him in the

too early nor too late. snow at Valley Forge and you have a

Some young men say, "When I get George Washington; have him born in

older, I will do something worthwhile abject poverty and you have an AbraEACH but let me enjoy my carefree youth."ham Lincoln; load him with bitter

Disraeli; attention prejudice a a few racial Let you have to your and me bring MUST LIVE afflict as until examples asthma him with of young who did things men WITH while they were young. he lies choking in his father's armsa andboy

HIMSELF draftedJeffersonthe Declarationwas 33 yearsof Independence.old when he youhim havewith arheumaticTheodore painsRoosevelt;until stabfor

Benjamin Franklin was 26 when he years he cannot sleep without an opiate

President Hugh B. Brown wrote Poor Richard's Almanac. and you have a Steinmetz; put him in

Of the First Presidency Dickens was 24 when he began his a grease pit in a locomotive round

Pickwick Papers and 25 when he wrote house and you have a Walter P.

Like Elder Tanner, I have thoroughly Oliver Twist. Chrysler; make him a second fiddle in

appreciated what has been said here McCormack was only 23 when he an obscure orchestra in South America reaper, Toscanini."the a was you have invented and and Newton all inspiredtonight. by been have We of rests the shoulders of those History the law formulated 24 he on when forthright, the by andthese young men

inspired talk of Elder Sill and the wongravitation. who accepted the challenge of difficulderful testimony of President Tanner. I May I add to this quotation, Joseph ties and drove through to victory in

shall not attempt to add to the subject Smith was less than 15 when he had spite of everything. I want to add this

which has been so well discussed tohis first vision, 23 when he translated thought on selfcontrol, decisions, deof 24 the Book Mormon, when quotathe give to a few except younight termination, faith in God and in a died and he was Church fortions, a few then moments and yourself.

left at imprint he an young man organized,38—yet of work. our phasediscuss another of this to only that world second upon

From Sir Walter Scott: "Teach selfChrist the Lord. "You may be what you will to be,

denial, and make its practice pleasureJesus Christ himself was only 30 when Let cowards find their false content able, and you can create for the world he began his transcendent mission In that poor word, environment, a destiny more sublime than ever issued which lasted only three years but afBut spirit scorns it and is free.

1094 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "It conquers time; it masters space; and called, 'Goodbye, Daddy!'and I crumpled and weary in your cot, I see

It cows the boastful trickster, chance, frowned, and said in reply, 'Hold your that you are still a baby. Yesterday you

And bids the tyrant circumstance shoulders back.'were in your mother's arms, your head

Uncrown and fill a servant's place. "Then it began all over again in the on her shoulder. I have asked too

late afternoon. As I came up the hill much, too much.

"The human will, that force unseen, road, I spied you down on your knees "Dear boy! Dear little son! A peniThe offspring of a deathless soul, playing marbles. There were holes in tent kneels at your infant shrine, here

Can hew its way to any goal, your stockings. I humiliated you before in the moonlight. I kiss the little

Though walls of granite intervene."your boy friends by making you march fingers, and the damp forehead, and

ahead of me back to the house. Stockthe yellow curl.

I wish all the priesthood members of ings were expensive—and if you had to "Tears came, and heartache and rethe Church would obtain and read and buy them you would be more careful! morse, and also a greater, deeper love,

study the masterful address of PresiImagine that, son, from a father! It when you ran through the library door

dent David O. McKay delivered last was such stupid, silly logic. and wanted to kiss me!

Friday morning. It will be published in "Do you remember, later, when I was "I do not know of a better shrine bethe Church Section of the News and reading in the library, how you came fore which a father or mother may

in other periodicals, the Era later, and in, softly, timidly, with a sort of hurt, kneel or stand than that of a sleeping in the Conference Report. Obtain it, hunted look in your eyes? When I child. I do not know of a holier place,

study it, read it. Do you know how glanced up over my paper, impatient a temple where one is more likely to

long it took President McKay to preat the interruption, you hesitated at the come into closer touch with all that is pare that talk? I haven't asked him, door, 'What is it you want?'I snapped. infinitely good, where one may come

but I think it took him 90 years, because "You said nothing, but ran across, nearer to seeing and feeling God. From

what he said came right out of his in one tempestuous plunge, and threw that shrine come matins of love and heart, and what is in his heart he has your arms around my neck and kissed laughter, of trust and cheer to bless the been building into that heart for 90 me, again and again, and your small new day; and before that shrine should

years. Now if it took him 90 years to arms tightened with an affection that fall our soft vespers, our grateful beneprepare it, do you think you can get God had set blooming in your heart dictions for the night. At the cot of a

all there is in it in one reading? Get and which even neglect could not sleeping babe all manmade ranks and

it, study it, apply it in your lives. wither. And then you were gone, patinequalities are ironed out, and all

I suggest you read the talks of other tering up the stairs. mankind kneels reverently before the

General Authorities who have spoken "Well, son, it was shortly afterwards living image of the Creator. To underhere today in the other meetings. Study that my paper slipped from my hands, stand a child, to go back and grow up

them, follow the counsel, and you will and a terrible sickening fear came over sympathetically with it, to hold its be blessed. May I suggest especially me. Suddenly I saw myself as I really love and confidences, to be accepted by

that you read the talk of Elder Critchwas, in all my horrible selfishness, and it, without fear or restraint, as a comlow on priesthood—one of the best I I felt sick at heart. panion and playmate, is just about the

have heard. And then obtain and read, "What has habit been doing to me? greatest good fortune that can come to

especially you fathers, what Brother The habit of complaining, of finding any man or woman in this world—and,

Packer said this afternoon about the fault, of reprimanding—all of these perhaps, in any other world, for all

responsibility of fatherhood. On that were my rewards to you for being a boy. we know.

subject may I read what many of you It was not that I did not love you; it "And I am passing this 'confession'

have heard before. It applies to every was that I expected so much of youth. along to the fathers who may be privifather and to you young men who will I was measuring you by the yardstick leged to read it, and for the benefit of

be fathers. Fatherhood is next to Godof my own years. all the 'little fellers'—the growing,

hood, and therefore it takes a lifetime to "And there was so much that was earthblessing little 'Jimmies'and become a good father. This is a congood, and fine, and true in your char- 'Billys'and 'Marys'and 'Janes'of this

fession of a father at the bedside of acter. You did not deserve my treatvery good world of ours."

his sleeping child. ment of you, son. The little heart of—Author Unknown

"I am saying this to you as you lie you was as big as the dawn itself over asleep, one little paw crumpled under the wide hills. All this was shown by God bless you, my brethren of the

your cheek and the blond curls stickily your spontaneous impulse to rush in and priesthood. From the very center of my

wet on your damp forehead. I have kiss me goodnight. Nothing else matheart I bear witness to the divinity of

stolen into your room alone. Just a few ters tonight, son. I have come to your the gospel of Jesus Christ. I do not

minutes ago, as I sat reading my paper bedside in the darkness, and I have knelt claim to have had visions or revelations, in the library, a hot, stifling wave of there, choking with emotion, and so but I do claim that he has stamped remorse swept over me. I could not ashamed! upon my soul a knowledge of the diresist it. Guiltily I came to your "It is a feeble atonement; I know you vinity of this work which did not come

bedside. would not understand these things if I through my natural senses but through

"These are the things I was thinking, told them to you during your waking the Holy Ghost.

son: I had been cross to you. I scolded hours, yet I must say what I am saying. I bless you fathers that you may be

you as you were dressing for school be- I must burn sacrificial fires, alone, here real fathers to your children. I bless

cause you gave your face merely a dab in your bedroom, and make free conyou young men that you may be honwith a towel. I took you to task for fession. And I have prayed God to orable sons of your fathers. I bless all

not cleaning your shoes. I called out strengthen me in my resolve. Tomorthe priesthood here tonight and all those

angrily when I found you had thrown row I will be a real daddy! I will who are listening in in far places that

floor. of things the on your suffersome you, with and when chum you all this go meeting from home may

I fault, too. suffer "At breakfast I found laugh. laugh and when you resolved are that they exercise to going

things. spilled will bite gulped impatientYou You tongue down when my

selfcontrol fight their and through way I food. if put willyour saying as your elbows on come. words You keep

the table. You spread butter too thick it were a ritual: 'He is nothing but a in spite of everything and be worthy

to bear the Holy Priesthood. May iton your bread. And as you started boy—a little boy.'

off to play and I made for my train, "I am afraid I have visualized you be so I pray in the name of Jesus you turned and waved a little hand as a man. Yet as I see you now, son, Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1963 1095 yield to the carnal side of our nature. son during the daily contacts by which

The man who quarrels in his home we show whether we are appealing to banishes from his heart the spirit of the carnal or to the spiritual within us religion. A man or a mother in this and within those with whom we assoChurch who would light a cigaret in ciate. It is a daily matter. I do not

the home is yielding to the carnal side know whether we can get the thought of his nature—far, far below the ideal over or not. It is within the power of

of the Church. Any quarreling in the each one, especially members of the

home is antagonistic to the spirituality Church who make such pretensions. You

which Christ would have us develop cannot imagine a real true Christian, THE VALUE within us, and it is in our daily lives and especially a member of the Morthat expressions these their effect. have Church, holds one mon the priestwho OF is progress in hood, making great at his Man It is swearing wife. SELFCONTROL science and invention, greater perhaps inconceivable that such a thing as that

than ever before, but he is not making could be in a home, and especially with

President David O. McKay comparable progress in character and children around. How can anyone

spirituality. justify parents quarreling in front of

I read the remarks of children? Such a thing should neverThe strict attention that you thousands A while ago

Bradley, General life N. a part formerly be of of the Omar church members.paid to the of remarks David Cragun

Staff, of Chief Army's occaChrist on to one us has asked who the developand Matthew tonight bears Simmons*

I said, sion spiritual quote: and us. existwithin earthly Man's totestimony in pride your these young

is the test monstrous as ence to "With a weapons but will whether man he represented themen of who young men is has, already efforts, in of concentrate his his humanity danger his mind,the Church, got and their you message.

its this being soul, in trapped world things moral by upon which contribute to remarks given Sill BrotherThe by confirming the value of selfcontrol sank adolescence. Our knowledge of science the comfort and gratification of his

clearly outstripped has physical to nature, capacity our or whether he will indeep your hearts. testimonies The

it. too of have as his life's pursuit the acquisition make many men Weof the Presidents of the left a control Church

science, too spiritual of of qualities. few God. have men Welasting all. impression us upon

of the grasped the mystery "Every impulse, noble every atom unselfish and I In conclusion, just a have word on rejected the expression the of love; every Sermon brave suffering on Mount.the topic the that of the boys priesthood

is for stumbling blindly through a the right; surrender every of self to Man tohave given us tonight.

A man who cannot control his temper spiritual darkness while toying with the something higher than self; every loyalty

is not very likely to control his pasprecarious secrets of life and death."to an ideal; every unselfish devotion to

(Italics principle; added.) to helpfulness every humansions, his and pretenno matter what

selfcontrol; ity; every act of fine every still quoting the general: "The I amsions in religion, in he daily moves

life very close to the animal plane. world has achieved brilliance without courage of the soul, undefeated by preReligion to is supposed lift us on a wisdom,is a worldpowerof nuclearwithoutgiantsconscience.and ethicalOurs tenseand livingor policy,of goodbutforbythebeing,very doing,good's level.higher Religion appeals to thespirit in man, your real person, and infants. We know more about war sake—that is spirituality."

yet how often, notwithstanding our than we know about peace; more about God help us as members of the priestpossessing a testimony of the truth, we killing than we know about living."hood to make that life ours individually,

Our living comes hourly and daily in the home, in the towns, in our na- "Talks by Matthew R. Simmons, Salt Lake City, in the home, in our association in busition, I pray in the name of Jesus

priestsand David Utah, R. Cragun, Ogden, in the ness affairs, and in our meeting of Christ. Amen. will Priesthood,Aaronic appear in the Conference

Report pamphlet. strangers. It is the attitude of the perSunday Morning Session, October 6, 1963

NEED FOR GREAT TEACHERS

Thorpe B. Isaacson

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

President McKay, our beloved President and God's choice prophet, President

Brown, President Tanner, brethren of the General Authorities, my dear brothers and sisters and friends everywhere. One cannot stand at this pulpit without feeling humble and very

dependent upon the Spirit of the Lord.

I can assure you that much fasting and much praying precedes a general conference. I sincerely pray that what I

1096 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA might say will be helpful and I trust they are anxious that the teacher and criticize your profession. Teachers, reencouraging. the school give him everything that he member that there is a divine spark in

This beautiful choir this morning and needs. They are anxious that he is every boy and girl that never goes out.

every Sunday morning is a great pride properly taught because his future life You may help to kindle that spark.

and a blessing to the people of the and how he conducts himself will in a Children are like the flowers of God,

Church and for the people of the world. large measure be the result of some and they must have time and room

What a great missionary group of wonteacher and the school. to bloom.

teachers, this to I dedicate and May realizederful Teachers, choir that the do you members and people—these of teachers I speak I speak of them whentheir officers choristers direction today under your and boys and their may

organists. I am sure we little sense be the doctors of tomorrow, they may in the broadest sense because every onethe great good that they are doing. be the businessmen of tomorrow, they of us is a teacher—teachers by example

We all recognize that there are three may be the teachers to take your place and precept. I refer to parents, and I

important institutions that greatly affect tomorrow, the legislators of tomorrow, refer to teachers in the auxiliary organthe life of a boy, and when I use the the public officeholders, church leaders. izations. I would like to include teachterm boy I should like to also have it Yes, they may be the men who may ers in the elementary schools, high

understood that I include the girl. The go to the moon; some may be great schools, public schools, colleges, and

artists the church, and authors. and be universities.home, Some may the school—all Teachers, into your hands we daily industrial not all in great tycoons,are important, perhaps but and some may

that order. be the leaders America will need so commit the dearest that we have. As

shall future so children, our you make this that the in recognize, survive to world. puzzled however, badly home We careful. so see years them, be first directly in place Yes, their teacher, future in andshould be have you abiding an Teachers, have you may trainfail let welfare, the for theresponsible hands. your Don't boy any coworkers are consciousness that you boy. of his futureing, But of a teacher. the you, because and

of teacher great the humanwith God, if fails, if are underpaid. teachers and the what always Greatwhat home

ity, with that charged has you he and it a succeed? that parents never saidthe cannot Probably can be forth of from bringing great duty the

is a paid great but plays teacher the enough, True, church important an life of the the mysthe young budding is life of in Yet, regardlesspart boy. a teacher the paid too poor much, must we ability stores of character terious and

recognize that the church has the boy of what he is paid. Teachers, you may which he has hidden in them.

under its jurisdiction but a very small be underpaid; yes, you may be unappreThe miracles and teaching of the

percentage of his time, while the ciated at times, and you may be overMan of Galilee are considered by many teacher and the school have a very worked, but you will gain that pay in to be the brightest illumination of all close association with him. Perhaps secret satisfaction and blessings of God that has come to bless man. He taught

more of the boy's time is spent with in heaven, and many boys will rise up individual responsibility, and his parthe teacher than that he spends in the and call you blessed. ables concerned each person's fulfilling

home. Therefore, it might be said that Recently, I asked a beautiful little his own capacity.

the teacher and the school will play granddaughter, Becky, how she liked In Proverbs 20, verse 27, 1 quote, "The a bigger part in the welfare and the school, and she answered and said, "O spirit of man is the candle of the training and the character and the fuGrandpa, it is the greatest! I love my Lord,..."Teachers, remember to

ture of a boy than perhaps the home teacher."I wonder what that is worth reverence the young lives, clean and

or the church. to a teacher. Certainly you teachers plastic, which have newly come from

Parents have such little time to spend must be proud of your profession. Jesus God and to realize that generations still

with their boy. Parents take too little was the greatest teacher of all, and what unborn will rue your sloth or rise to

time with their boy; therefore, we he taught lived long after him and still higher levels through your wisdom

should be more concerned than ever lives. May teachers teach those things and faithfulness.

that he is properly taught, supervised, that will live long after you! Yes, you May God, the Father of us all, gird

and disciplined while we are with him. should be proud of your profession. you for your work with his patience and

Now, teacher and school, I wonder if Many great men in America, many great tranquility, with great fatherly and you are willing to assume the welfare men in this audience, men who are motherly love for the young, and with and the training of the character of listening by television and radio, have special tenderness for the backward and the boy, remembering that you have been teachers. Our great prophet was a the afflicted and the poor. Save them

him under your direction more of his teacher; he has been a teacher; he is from trouble, from loneliness, and disawake time than anybody else. So still a teacher. Certainly, teachers, you couragement, from the numbness of

much depends upon you—the teacher should be proud of your profession. routine, and from all bitterness of

and the school. Yes, parents expect the Secretly, you must admit that you have heart.

teachers and the school to make sure the greatest job in all the world because Here are some thoughts expressed to that their boy is properly taught, not you hold the history of the world in the teachers, which might be said by all alone that he is taught to read and write palm of your hand you are a teacher! fathers and mothers to all teachers:

and the arts and the sciences, but that Many of us can and do constantly "To you the teacher and the school, he is taught the fundamentals of life pay tribute to the teachers whom we my son will start school. It's all going

and the building of character. Some were fortunate enough to have. As parto be so very strange and new to him

would say, "Yes, Teacher, his future ents, taxpayers, and citizens, it might for awhile, and I wish that you would sort gently. of treat him I largelydepends on you."interest a little well wonder if you be more if we took

see, up to "You now, my little boy responsibility? this to acceptare willing girls and schools our boys and in in our

Of late years we have had much said and extended greater appreciation for has been the king of the roost. He's

yard. of His mother boss the back been school. It teacher the Reand theabout would be well if we our teachers.

his repair to around been has always about disparagingly speak nevergardless of been said, have what may always handy been I have a wounds, and the fact still remains that the teacher teacher. to soothe his feelings. Now things are

has the association and the responsiTeachers, make sure that you teach going to be different.

bility for a greater portion of his time as you would like to mold. Teachers, "This morning he is going to walk

than anybody else. Parents are justified be sure that you teach so that there down the front steps, he is going to

in being anxious about their boy, and will never be any justifiable reason to wave his hand to his mother, and he

DECEMBER 1963 1097 is going to start out on a great advenbe glory in failure, but also teach him satisfaction, and more peace of mind ture. This is an adventure that will there can be despair in success. than you have ever known in your life.

probably include much tragedy and "Teach him to scoff at cynics and to It will help you solve your problems. It

sorrow and disappointment. beware of too much sweetness. Teach will help you carry your burdens. It

"Our boy will have to live his life him to sell his brawn and his brains to will help you make for you and your with you and with the world that he the highest bidder but never to put a family a new and better life. I humbly

now has to live in. It will require faith price tag on his heart and his soul. pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

and love and courage. So teacher and "Teach him to close his ears to the

school and world, I wish you would sort howling mob. Teach him to stand and

of take him by his young hand and fight if he thinks he is right. Treat him

teach him the things that he ought to gently, teacher and world, but don't know, but be careful with him. coddle him because only the test of fire

"Please teach him, but gently, if you makes fine steel. Abraham Lincoln

can. He will have to learn, I know, once said, 'to sin in silence when protest

that all men are not just, and all men is good makes cowards out of men.'

are not true, but please teach him that "Let him have the courage to be imfor every scoundrel there is a hero, and patient, but let him have the patience PROPHETS for every disloyal politician, there is a to be brave. Teach him always to have INdedicated public leader. Let him unsublime faith in himself and complete

derstand, teacher, that you are one of faith in God. Do you mean to say this THIS

is leaders. this dedicatedthose him is religion? Teach teachteaching Why, DISPENSATION willthat for he ing then every enemy always he truth, because may have,

there will be wonderful friends, and have sublime faith in mankind. And

teach him that you are that wonderteach him to love his fellow men. Howard W. Hunter

ful friend. "This is a big order, teacher and Of the Council of the Twelve

"It will take time, teacher, school, world, but see what you can do for my and world, I know, but teach him, if little boy. He is such a nice fellow As one turns the pages of the Old Testayou can, that a nickel earned is far my son!"ment, there appear the writings of great

more valuable than a dollar found. God bless all teachers, that parents men of ages past who are referred to

Teach him to learn to lose but also and sons and daughters will not be disas the prophets. The books of the New

teach him to enjoy winning. Steer him appointed in you, and that you will be Testament contain, among other things,

away from envy if you can, and teach able to lift them to the highest level. the writings, teachings, and history of

him the secret of quiet laughter. Yes, even beyond their own natural men of a later dispensation, who have

abilities. early learn that the bullies "Let is real teaching. That him also as prophets. designated May been We

lick. easiestare to the people teachers reward the glad sense with Teach God of the record of the prophets have the

him, if you can, the wonder and greatof their eternal worth as teachers. western part of the world, who raised

ness of good books. But also give him Lord, in the heat of day, show them their voices, proclaiming the word of

quiet time to ponder the eternal mysthe spring by the wayside that flows the Lord, protesting unrighteousness, sky,tery in the in silence gives of birds bees the eternal the from and of God

it. hill. of light flowers to all the green onsun, and new who drink May pel.and teachingAll of thesethe haveprinciplesleft theirof thewitness.gosgive teachers the heart "In brave you and God school—teacher world—teach is called has prophet one been who A

fail is is it far to true, to honorable to teach your even whathim more own further raised to the Lord and up by to of footsteps in hurt, honest. to cheat. following the the bethan Teach him children. his purposes God's among He

life, great of faith to his in Christ, Creator our Jesus haveTeach own him is priesthood the received has one who if tell his that Savior. others theideas even him authority. Prophets speaks with and

is 1 genideas to to that are bear testimony wrong. be you Teach him God gosthe of teachers are defenders and

tle of his people, partake teach Father, but that gentle can him our with we pel. divinity of witness the bear They

is Spirit, of people. Christto that the Son tough with Jesus tough be

Christ. Prophets of the Jesus Lord

is strength greatest not give that gospel the the the to son God, "Try my but foretold future happenings, have earth. in just everytestimonyto because the the follow crowd This power

is their of I this important the most not is all regardless to getting the bear wagon. everywhere Teach band onone men

it responsibilities, be although some may life. all I teach that listen to then to of in station pray and your men, youhim

him also to filter and separate all he can understand the restoration of the evidence of prophetic power.

hears on the screen of truth and take gospel because if it is made a part of Righteous leadership has been needed only the good part that comes through. your life, and if you can realize it and in each dispensation of time, and God

Teach him to choose that which will accept it, that God still governs in the chose prophets for this purpose long be good. affairs of men—I bear testimony to you before they came to this mortal exist-

"Teach him if you can how to laugh that if you will accept that, you will ence. We remember the Lord spoke to

when he is sad. Teach him there is have more peace and comfort from this Abraham and showed him the intellino shame in tears. There is a sacredsource than from any other source in gences which existed before the earth

ness in tears. They are not the mark of the world. was created and said: "... Abraham,

weakness but of power. They speak Yes, I love to bear testimony to you thou art one of them; thou wast chosen

more eloquently than ten thousand that President McKay is a prophet and before thou wast born."(Abr. 3:23.)

tongues. They are the messengers of that this Church is led by divine guidIn speaking to Jeremiah the Lord

overwhelming grief, deep contrition, and ance by this great prophet. I bear said: "... before thou earnest forth out

unspeakable love, and when tears testimony to you that Joseph Smith is a of the womb I sanctified thee, and I course down his cheek for any of these Prophet of God, called of God as his ordained thee a prophet unto the nathree causes, remember he is standing mouthpiece to bring forth the restored tions."(Jer. 1:5.)

close in the presence of God. gospel in this day and age. I plead with After the formation of the earth and

"Teach him to work and study. Let you, my friends, to accept the teachings the creation of man, Adam became the

him know that the price of success is of the gospel of Jesus Christ. I promise patriarch to the human family and

high, but not nearly so high as the you in the name of the Lord that it the first prophet. He previously sat in the

price of failure. Teach him there can will bring you more happiness, more council that planned the creation of

109 8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the earth and participated under Christ withdrew his Spirit from them, and the It is the present living prophet who in the execution of the prearrangement. race was destroyed. is our leader, our teacher. It is from

According to the plan, the fall of Adam John the Baptist was the forerunner him we take direction in the modern from immortality created the condition of Christ and proclaimed the same world. From all corners of the earth,

by which all men may be saved from gospel ordinances which had been inwe who sustain him as a prophet of the mortal death and live again by reason stituted for the salvation of man before Lord, express our appreciation for this of the atoning sacrifice of Christ. In the world was created and which had source of divine guidance. We are gratespite of the teachings of Adam, people been taught by the prophets. Then ful for his life, his example, his teachturned from righteousness. came the Master in the Meridian of ings, his leadership. Ninety years of

In the seventh generation a dispensaTime, fulfilling that which had been faith and devotion! His faith has not

tion was given to Enoch. God called spoken by Adam and each of the prophstood alone but has borne fruit all over

him to prophesy unto the people and ets since his time. The Son of God, the world. If he is tested by the fruits

call them to repentance. He went forth the Savior of the world, was born into of faith as spelled out in the New Testain the land among the people and cried mortality. Jesus was "God manifest in ment, we will find that his life is a

with a loud voice against their iniquities. the flesh."(1 Tim. 3:16.) He taught manifestation of each of them and can

Enoch understood the doctrine of the by precept and lived the perfect life. be described by that chain of "linked

fall and the atonement and taught the He made the atonement for sin and graces"enumerated in the Second Episgospel as it had been given to Adam. He gave his life that all mankind may be tle of the Apostle Peter.

gathered a great multitude of people saved by obedience to the laws and To faith he added virtue. His life

into a city known as the City of Holiordinances of the gospel. The Twelve demonstrates manly strength, courage,

ness, which, because of the righteousness Apostles were the personal witnesses of and moral excellence, measured not by of the people, was lifted from the earth. Christ, but after the death of the last his extraordinary efforts, but by his

Corruption soon filled the earth again of them, there was a falling away. The everyday conduct.

and God raised up Noah as a prophet priesthood was lost to the world, and To virtue he added knowledge. Since

to teach the gospel. there was total spiritual darkness. This early boyhood he has been a student

"And it came to pass that Noah called condition had been foretold by the and a teacher, in both the formal purupon the children of men that they ancient prophets. suits of education and in the great

should repent; but they hearkened not At the beginning of the nineteenth school of life. His experience, practical

unto his words."(Moses 8:20.) century there had been no revelation skill, understanding, clear perception of

The Lord then caused the earth to for seventeen hundred years. There truth, knowledge of God and the dibe covered by water, destroying the had been no heavenly appearances or vine nature of man, distinguish him

wicked population except the family scripture during that time and the from other men of the world.

of Noah, and Noah became the prophet world was in a chaotic religious state. To knowledge he added temperance.

to a new generation, holding the keys Many times the gospel had been given He is the master of himself yet submisof the priesthood. to the world through the prophets, and sive to the will of God. He demonAs we continue to trace history, we each time was lost because of disobedistrates selfcontrol and moderation in

come to another period when apostasy ence. In the year 1820 the silence was all things.

swept over the peoples of the earth. God broken, and the Lord again appeared And to temperance, patience! There

spoke to Abraham, a follower of rightto a prophet. This prophet, Joseph are often occurrences which are apt to

eousness and revealed many things Smith, could testify of his own positive harass the temper, but in his sweet, throughkind—thehimorderfor ofthethebenefitpriesthood,of man-a knowledgeis the Christ,thatthe GodSon oflives,God,thata ResurJesus kindlyendurance.way, he regards them with calm

knowledge of the planets in the universe, rected Being, separate and distinct from And to patience he added godliness.

a vision of the council in heaven bethe Father. He did not testify as to One who works closely with him has

fore the creation of the earth, and the what he believed or what he or others said, "There is a spirituality radiating plan of salvation. thought or conjectured, but of what from him that is ofttimes felt by even

Again the people turned to darkness he knew. This knowledge came to him the stranger who visits him. He keeps

rather than light. Moses was chosen because God the Father and the Son himself spiritually tuned to heavenly

to lead the Israelites from Egyptian appeared to him in person and spoke things."His thoughts, his writings,

bondage. On Mt. Sinai, during the to him. Through him and by subsehis teaching, his very appearance indimigration to the land of promise, he quent events the priesthood and the cate the presence of God in his life.

was given the Ten Commandments for gospel in its fulness were once more And to godliness he added brotherly the benefit of his people. In spite of his restored to the earth, never again to be kindness. The story is told of a conlabors to teach them the gospel, they removed. The Church of Christ, the ference concerning a difficult problem

failed to take heed, so the Lord, through kingdom of God on earth, was rewhen he said, "Human hearts are very this great prophet, gave them what has established and destined, according to tender, and human lives are very been known as the Law of Moses or the scripture, to roll forth and fill the whole precious. Let's solve this problem withLaw of Carnal Commandments. earth. Since the death of the Prophet out hurting a very tender heart."

The western world was not without Joseph Smith, each succeeding PresiAnd to brotherly kindness he added its prophets. From the writings of dent of the Church has been sustained charity. He has a Christian love for

Ether in the Book of Mormon, we read as a prophet of the Lord, and there is a all men because they are the sons of the appearance of the Lord to the living prophet on the earth today. of God. He is kind, forgiving, and

brother of Jared. As this people ceased To peoples of past dispensations and compassionate.

to serve the Lord and deteriorated into ages, the most important prophet was All these things are in him and unfaithfulness, the prophet Lehi was inthe one then living, teaching, and reabound and make him neither barren structed to bring his family to these vealing the will of the Lord in their nor unfruitful. They distinguish him as

shores, and a new gospel dispensation time. In each of the past dispensations, a prophet of the Lord—our President,

was established. The history of his prophets have been raised up by the David O. McKay.

descendants is a series of leadership Lord as his spokesmen to the people of As the prophets from the beginning under great prophets, but as the people that particular age and for the specific to the present day pass in review before ceased to obey their counsel, the Lord problems of that age. our memory, we become aware of the

DECEMBER 1963 1099 great blessing which comes to us from After a long stony silence, the inThere is only one reason, young peothe influence of a living prophet. Hisstructor said, "Are there any others?"ple, because the Lord wanted you born

tory should teach us that unless we are You can imagine the feelings of this now, in this important day.

willing to heed the warnings and follow boy's heart as one by one another dozen Step No. 3, can we know for assurthe teachings of a prophet of the Lord, or so young army recruits stood in deance that a young boy knelt in a grove

we will be subject to the judgments fense of what they really believed. of trees in the year 1820 and there reof God. Those standing were invited to leave ceived a personal visitation from God

I bear witness that God lives, that the class, and then halfway out, they the Father and his Son Jesus Christ?

Jesus is the Christ, that there is a living were called back with a comment from Have you read the Joseph Smith story prophet of God on the earth today, the instructor, "I guess we can skip the lately, with a real desire to know its whom I sustain with all my heart. In stories this morning."truthfulness?

the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Wouldn't you like the privilege of The fourth step: Why are you a

shaking hands with that kind of Aaronic member of this Church and kingdom?

Priesthood courage? Isn't it gratifying Could this be by chance? By your seto know that you don't have to turn lection only? The Savior has this to

the pages of history back twentysix say in the fifteenth chapter of John:

hundred years to find the courage of a "Ye have not chosen me, but I have

Nephi or a Daniel in the lions'den or chosen you, and ordained you,..."YOUTH a David meeting Goliath? And isn't (Verse 16.)

as it As surely in this historic also gratifying to we meet that for every know OF ZION, I that foreordination know fortitude heart to Tabernacle, courageous a with have counted, will there and be up plan—we STAND UP, stand

if others of a host commission, rally to willing to the be responsibility—ais a real part of divinethe AND cause of truth and right? you please, conferred prior to mortala

Perhaps there might be a high school existence that can neither be disregarded BE student within sound of my voice who nor taken lightly without farreaching at finds himself the crossroads of deconsequences. COUNTED!

cision The fifth and final point I suggest today; closest circle of whose

Bishop Robert L. Simpson friends fail to live by the rules of conis that the Lord has given us a most

Of the Presiding Bishopric Mightduct thatthesehe socalledor she knowsfriendsto bebe urgingright. Andpreciousaftergiftall thatis saidweandcalldone,free theagency.final

is decision to ours talregard with take to step our you from one more away sisters, true brothers greatness andMy ents, is divine all in, our all commission, choice believe that that our you

I years. of a the habit survivinghas

left right, right or or between first sacred? wrong. these the be Could same

certain that of every theam member of Zion, steps rethe Youth do have coureasy a taken you teenage by boy thrilled to ofChurch has the a words I to right? age to do sometimes cently a stated juvenile wonder judge, 7ho w

stalwart of Priestyoung Aaronic man it just "I could the realize to didn't courage have do how we was happeninglived agehood approximately who if it right anything really girl but believe or so the gradual"; was we who

twentysix ago. years hundred When logic. in steps of the foregoing "I Let us to pleaded, so popube wanted much

difficultfaced situation, said, a with he just I briefly: again lar so enumerate them the with was others—and will"I the things go do the and which 1. lives. God wrong."

I forLord hath that commanded, know is 2. a order. His of house house grateful these that can be we How giveth Lordthe unto no commandments 3. heavens have the to been opened recogpeople The courage had young

of shall childrenthe save he men, today. open and remain their prenize even then misdirection—and forpare that they them a way may 4. here to by appointment, by courage needed be more what to do We areaccomplish thing the which he comforeordination. lives their in to correct realigning done

mandeth them."(1 Nephi 3:7.) standards. 5. And finally, the choice is ours as

to This destined young man, become it. about to to what do easy courage we is an word Now,

greata prophet, important had a most in courage not only need effective, there say. be do we must be Now To

quality. to courage, courage He had choosing also need but our way, like we serviceman our action—just a mohisstand on own two is source best of help from right help. action The in the

easier socalled thefollow like us. love to I would those who only happen feet ratherway—thethan mentdirectionago—positivewhich can whenmore popular way—the beckoning of that courage is inspired through positive, confirm a truth that has been spokenrethe crowd, in this case his own brothers. proper motivation. from this pulpit many times, that no

twentysix span Let hunus quickly like like our our parents, us one loves with me, young people, Now, join a story years reviewdred and like Father. our Heavenly May which bishop, sequence of through a thought

Aaronic Priesthood courage in our day, should prove helpful to seriousminded we always seek our counsel and guidheart touched just was1963. My three sources. these from as a basis for motivaance last church members

privilege as I of readhad themonth is energetic; Youth youth is aggrestion in the right direction:

ing an excerpt from a serviceman's First, let us reconfirm in our minds sive. The mind of youth is inquisitive,

his parents. to his Apparently,letter sometimes sound is beyond judgment that Father, that Heavenly a there

it a habit instructortraining had made into leads often us dangerous which earth of is heaven and the Creator he a day's discussion startingof with each territory. Prophet Smith Joseph all survey. directs The that and we

stories. offcolorfew to to in Harris say Martin his had this let that assured us be Second,

surprise, quite the by One morning, kindly dereprimand: a to the of order, even "When man a house house is

instructor to objected asked if anyone to bite I have a extent that signedly serpent to him, provokes a come you and starting before of "good"storiescouple instruction. day'sthe This young Mormortality now, in this day, by specific the principle is the same as when a

itmon boy said that almost as though he assignment for a real purpose. man drinks deadly poison, knowing

had been ejected from his seat by an Have you ever asked yourself the to be such. In that case, no man has

unseen power, he shot up and said, question, "Why wasn't I born two hunany claim on the promises of God to "Yes, sir, 7 object."dred years ago, or a thousand years ago?"be healed."(DHC 2, 9596.) By the

1100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA same token, can we expect the protecwhat needs to be done will be done a daughter sought me for an interview tion we need when we knowingly step on schedule, we hope by those initially following the conference sessions. He

beyond the limits of good judgment? foreordained to the task. But just as explained that in his younger years he

Moroni's reiteration of Mormon's teachsurely as night follows the day, if we had joined a church which did not ings gives us the key for keeping a choose not to accept our station, or if baptize by immersion. Because of his

solid footing. we grow weary along the way, placing certainty as he studied the scriptures

"For behold, the Spirit of Christ is less important things first, there will be that immersion was the only true mode given to every man, that he may know substitutes raised to take our place, of baptism, he later joined a church good from evil; wherefore, I show unto that the Lord's timeplan and ultimate where he was baptized by immersion.

you the way to judge; for every thing purposes will not be thwarted. And then he had an uncle who bewhich inviteth to do good, and to perYouth of Zion, stand up and be longed to a church who taught that

suade to believe in Christ, is sent forth counted, have the courage of your coneverything in all other churches was by the power and gift of Christ; wherevictions, and whatever you do, don't evil. He decided to join the church

fore ye may know with a perfect knowlallow someone else to be a substitute of his uncle.

edge it is of God. for you in the kingdom of your HeavLater a friend told him about a uni-

"But whatsoever thing persuadeth enly Father, in the name of Jesus versal church. It had no organization,

men to do evil, and believe not in Christ. Amen. needed no authoritative priesthood, no

Christ, and deny him, and serve not rituals. They had no buildings, they

God, then ye may know with a perfect had nebulous formula: "Believe and be

knowledge it is of the devil; for after saved."And so he joined with this

this manner doth the devil work, for he friend.

persuadeth no man to do good, no, not Recently his daughter had gone to a one; neither do his angels; neither do Bible class, following her school years,

they who subject themselves unto him."and had been graduated just a few days

(Moroni 7:1617. Italics added.) before as an honor student. And in the

is still history Yes, of Zion, youth it THIS concludingconducted thesessioncoursethe ministerhad askedwhothemhad like whetherbeing made, you and or not, you have a hand in it. You IS for any expressions or questions. This

will need courage and lots of it. You will bright young honor student began toneed the help of those who love you OUR ask some of the questions that two

and the support of loyal friends, real Latterday Saint elders, who had beenfriends, friends who would encourage GOSPEL coming to their home, had been asking.

you in "every thing which inviteth to The minister became confused and do good,"as stated by Moroni. Harold B. Lee very angry, and in a rebuke he said

Now in conclusion, may I suggest Of the Council of the Twelve if she had learned as she should have that this Church is not idly named. learned in the course she wouldn't be

We are The Church of Jesus Christ I seek earnestly for the Spirit of the asking such foolish questions.

of Latterday Saints. These are the Lord by which, hopefully, my humble They were now being taught by two

latter days; this is the final dispensation message might be carried by the power of our missionaries in the fundamental

of time, and the programs of the Church of the Holy Ghost into the hearts of doctrines of the Church, and he said are all moving toward a sort of finalizathose who may listen this morning. to me after this brief introduction:

tion or culmination. There is an A few years ago I was touring the "This time, if I join The Church of

urgency as never before about what North Central States Mission, and in Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, I don't needs to be done; and be sure of this, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, a father and want to make another mistake. How

can I be sure?"

I explained the only way to a convincing assurance by quoting the words of Moroni: "... if ye shall ask with a

sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost.

"And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things."

(Moroni 10:4-5.) Having quoted that,

I then said, "Now I might enumerate some of the outward evidences by which one might recognize the divine Church."

The name of the Church itself is significant in one's search for the true

Church. When the Master was asked

by his disciples by what name his

Church should be called, he answered:

"And how be it my church save it be called in my name? For if a church

be called in Moses'name then it be

Moses'church; or if it be called in the

name of a man then it be the church of a man;..."(3 Nephi 27:8.)

In our day, by revelation, the Lord ',-* $ has clearly declared the correct name,

DECEMBER 1963 HOI I told him: "For thus shall my church Christ Jesus. are readily discernible. They further

be called in the last days, even The "And if ye be Christ's, then are ye point out the witness of the Holy Ghost

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Abraham's seed, and heirs according to by which all may know the truth of

Saints"(D&C 115:4), thus distinguishthe promise."(Gal. 3:2629.) all things.

ing this dispensation from formerday I told our friend that the true Church A short while ago in Philadelphia I

Saints, affixed to the name of the was to be patterned after the Master's was handed a clipping from a PhilaChurch of Jesus Christ. organization, in the which the Apostle delphia newspaper reporting a statement

But then I reminded him that even Paul has said we must not be "... made by the Associate Secretary General

though it bears the Master's name, there strangers and foreigners, but fellowof the State of Churches of the Assembly must be coupled with the name of the citizens with the Saints,..."And the of National Churches representing thirty

Savior, Jesus Christ, another vital esChurch must be "... built upon the denominations. The article was entitled

sential in the true Church. After the foundation of the apostles and prophets, "Drift from God in Churches."I shall

Master had explained the name by Jesus Christ himself being the chief read but a few sentences:

which his Church should be named, corner stone;"(Eph. 2:1920.) "American churches in many cases

he added, "... but if it be called in There were other specific signs which were described today as being too 'public

my name then it is my church, if it so the Master said would follow the relations conscious'—more eager to

that be they in his that beChurch. "He are built upon my gospel."believers please the crowdsft $ thansfe s|e to $please God."

is 27:8.) shall (3 baptized Nephi be lieveth and

And then I asked him in turn, what saved;... "Many churches, yielding to secular

is his gospel? The Lord has said in "And these signs shall follow them practice have become public relations

revelation: "And this is my gospel that believe; In my name shall they conscious. There is as much if not more

repentance and baptism by water, and cast out devils; they shall speak with concern for the attractiveness of the

then cometh the baptism of fire and the new tongues; package and the effectiveness of the marHoly Ghost, even the Comforter, which "They shall take up serpents; and if keting techniques than for the quality

showeth all things, and teacheth the they drink any deadly thing, it shall of the product."

peaceable things of the kingdom."not hurt them; they shall lay hands on * * * * *

(D&C 39:6.) the sick, and they shall recover.""Modern churches too often have

In modern revelation the true Church (Mark 16:1618.) put the accent on secular yardsticks

has been defined as the Church having I reminded him that there was a of success—size, statistics and outward the authority to confer the Holy Ghost, need for authority which cannot be attractiveness—rather than spiritual

even the gift of the Holy Ghost which just assumed, merely, but must be condedication."

gives to those who make themselves ferred in the Lord's own way as the * * * * * worthy, the right to have all peaceable Apostle Paul said, "And no man taketh "Many congregations would rather things of the kingdom revealed to them. this honour unto himself, but he that have a minister who is a 'good adminisThis makes clear the meaning of the is called of God, as was Aaron."(Heb. trator and promoter'than one who is

explanation made by the Prophet Joseph 5:4.) This, the Prophet Joseph Smith 'a loyal and humble disciple of Jesus

when asked by a President of the made plainer when he said, "We beChrist, a thinker and a fearless prophet

United States, "How is your church lieve that a man must be called of of the sovereign and redeeming Lord.'"

different from all the other churches?"God, by prophecy, and by the laying

The Prophet Joseph Smith answered in on of hands, by those who are in "Too many people speak vaguely of one significant statement, "We are difauthority to preach the Gospel and adthe need of 'faith and religion'rather all offerent minister in the real other thereof."than churches because ordinances the from God, of a need—of"'return (Articles of Faith, (see to the Father.'the No. 5.) Ghost"Holywe have DHC

4, 42); in other words, meaning that And then there was a never, never

the principle of continuous revelation failing evidence, which might be shockThen I picked up a clipping also while by the power of the Holy Ghost is a ing to him, which evidences the divinity I was in Philadelphia about a year ago prime requisite for the true Church. of the true Church. The Master said, from Dr. Henry P. Van Dusen, president

Paul the apostle I reminded him, in almost his closing remarks to of the Union Theological Seminary, in made a clear observation in two statehis disciples: which he said this, as quoted in the

ments relative to the essentials of the "Blessed are they which are persepaper:

Church. "Know ye not,"the Apostle cuted for righteousness'sake: for theirs "A sharp and strange contrast between

Paul asked, "that so many of us as is the kingdom of heaven. the upsurge of religion and a decline in

were baptized into Jesus Christ were "Blessed are ye, when men shall remorality was noted by Dr. Henry P.

baptized into his death? vile you, and persecute you, and shall Van Dusen,...

"Therefore we are buried with him say all manner of evil against you "It is a disturbing, confounding conby baptism into death: that like as falsely, for my sake. tradiction that the revival of religion has

Christ was raised up from the dead by "Rejoice, and be exceeding glad; for no parallel resurgence in morality. If

the glory of the Father, even so we great is your reward in heaven: for so the complex and illusive data could be

also should walk in newness of life. persecuted they the prophets which were plotted on a graph, it would show curves

vitality of religious of health moral and 5:1012.) before (Matt. you."

if together planted been have "For we directions. in opposite moving of opposite the that Master the And shall death, hisin of likeness the we

far, in return to religion the all "Thus you, unto warned: when men "Woe resurhis of likeness also in thebe our has day produced corresponding their no for shall well so speak did of you! 6:3-5.)rection."(Rom.

fruitage. It raises moral the as question false to prophets."fathers (Luke the to the Galatians: wrote then he And to the quality religion. of the worth and 6:26.)

all of children by the are ye"For God "Either will there revival be moral missionaries are finding thouOurfaith in Christ Jesus.

"For as many of you as have been sands each year who are in a state of flowering from religious revival, or the baptized into Christ have put on Christ. inquiry and uncertainty as were our latter will fritter into futility. And our

"There is neither Jew nor Greek, there friend and his daughter in South Dafinal state will be a religious sterility is neither bond nor free, there is neither kota. They bear witness that all these to match the moral anarchy.

male nor female: for ye are all one in outward evidences of the true Church "Interest in religion appears to be at

1102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA an alltime high, with church memberand all manner of iniquities; and your

ship over 100 million, but delinquency, churches, yea, even every one, have (I remind you) immorality, and social become polluted because of the pride confusion also are at peaks."of your hearts.

As I made note of those articles I "For behold, ye do love money, and thought to myself, it is time for us to your substance, and your fine apparel, make a critical selfanalysis of ourselves and the adorning of your churches, to see how much of this applies to us as more than ye love the poor and the Sunday Afternoon Session, October 6, 1963 a Church and to us as individuals. needy, the sick and the afflicted."

President Wilford Woodruff said (Ibid., 8:3637.)

I the I trouble with that thesomething: read that, thanked Lord "The As lifeTHE of in for a spendLatterday Saints, our a quarter century too much wetime confessing the other fellow's sins."time the Church has, through the welGLORIOUS

Nephi the prophet warned something fare program, sought to place the properabout this as he predicted about our day. emphasis where the Lord has placed it, STANDARD

"Wo unto them that turn aside the by putting foremost the love of the just for a thing of naught and revile poor and the needy. Delbert L. Stapley

against that which is good, and say One of the first revelations the Lord Of the Council of the Twelve that is of no worth!..."(2 Nephi said in our day: "And even so I have

28:16.) Obviously this was intended sent mine everlasting covenant into the My brothers and sisters and friends:

for those in Zion or for the pure in world, to be a light to the world, and Because of disturbing trends and heart of the Church. to be a standard for my people, and for alarming conditions in this country of

"For behold, at that day,"Nephi the Gentiles to seek toit, and to be a ours which are of great concern to every said, "shall he (Lucifer) rage in the messenger before my face to prepare the loyal, patriotic citizen, I desire to draw hearts of the children of men, and stir way before me."(D&C 45:9.) related analogies between the nation of

them up to anger against that which "But"the Lord said, "there is a possiancient Israel and our own nation in is good. bility that man may fall from grace the light of the revelations of Almighty

"And others will he pacify, and lull and depart from the living God."God concerning both nations.

them away into carnal security, that Mark that, you who come in as conTo each nation, God gave promises they will say: All is well in Zion; yea, verts to the Church! "Therefore let the of blessings or cursings, depending upon

Zion prospereth, all is well—and thus church take heed and pray always, lest the faithfulness of the people. In all

the devil cheateth their souls, and they fall into temptation; the recorded history of man upon the

leadeth them away carefully down to "Yea, and even let those who are earth, the God of heaven has estabhell."(Ibid., 28:2021.) sanctified take heed also."(Ibid., lished only two nations with basic

And then he warns, "Therefore, wo 20:3234.) divine purposes. One is the nation of

be unto him that is at ease in Zion!"The more complicated our lives and Israel which the Lord by his mighty

{Ibid., 28:24.) world conditions become, the more impower led out of Egypt under the guid-

"Cursed is he,"Nephi again said, portant it is for us to keep clear the ance of his prophet Moses.

"that putteth his trust in man, or purposes and principles of the gospel The other nation is the United States maketh flesh his arm, or shall hearken of Jesus Christ. It is not the function of America. Prophets in early times

unto the precepts of men, save their of religion to answer all the questions foretold the events leading to the estabprecepts shall be given by the power of about God's moral government of the lishment of this mighty gentile nation the Holy Ghost."(Ibid., 28:31.) universe, but to give one courage, and its promised destiny among the naMoroni finished the record of his through faith, to go on in the face tions of the earth—if its people are

father Mormon and then added some of questions he never finds the answer to faithful in keeping the commandments inspired observations of his own conin his present status. of God.

cerning "... things... which must It was the wise counsel of a thinker Moses counseled the newborn nation

shortly come (to pass),... when these who said: "If the time comes when you of Israel to serve the Lord and to keep

things (presumably meaning the comcan no longer hold to your faith, then his laws and statutes. He informed

ing forth of the Book of Mormon) shall hold to it anyway. You cannot go into them of God's plans and purposes concome forth among you."Now that tomorrow's uncertainty and dangers cerning his chosen people and also outmeans our day. This is what he said without faith."lined his promises for faithful obedience

(and note the definition of a prophecy): Let parents and leaders and church to his laws and commandments and the

He said, "Behold, I speak unto you as members generally, and hopefully our cursings which would befall them if if ye were present, and yet ye are not. nonmember friends and relatives take they became disobedient and sinful.

But behold, Jesus Christ hath shown heed of the counsels repeatedly given From Deuteronomy, I quote the folof teachings admonitions lowing and doing."your I know and unto me,you leaders. time Allow our from to medh

Israel: of to the children Moses 8:3435.)(Mormon pertaining tate the things ponder and

I set before a "Behold, this day you said, the Master what remember You be ministry. that Live might to our we curse; blessing a and

the devil shall rage in the hearts of responsive to divine direction. Let me "A blessing, if ye obey the commandmen even so much that if it were posagain, as I close, repeat what I have ments of the Lord your God,...

sible the very elect according to.the quoted before from a revelation of the "And a curse, if ye will not obey the

covenant would be deceived. This is Lord. "Search diligently, pray always, commandments of the Lord your God,

what Moroni said: "And I know that and be believing, and all things shall but turn aside out of the way... to go

ye do walk in the pride of your hearts; work together for your good, if ye walk after other gods, which ye have not

and there are none save a few only uprightly before the Lord and keep the known."(Deut. 11:2628.)

who do not lift themselves up in the covenant wherewith ye have covenanted "And it shall come to pass, if thou pride of their hearts, unto the wearing one with another."(Ibid., 90:24.) This shalt hearken diligently unto the voice

of very fine apparel, unto envying, and I pray humbly we may all do in the of the Lord thy God, to observe and strifes, and malice, and persecutions, name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. to do all his commandments which I

DECEMBER 1963 1103 command thee this day, that the Lord "And... I beheld many multitudes "And this land shall be a land of

thy God will set thee on high above of the Gentiles upon the land of liberty unto the Gentiles, and there all nations of the earth: promise;... shall be no kings upon the land, who

"And the Lord shall make thee the "And I beheld the Spirit of the Lord, shall raise up unto the Gentiles.

head, and not the tail; and thou shalt that it was upon the Gentiles, and they "And I will fortify this land against

be above only, and thou shalt not be did prosper and obtain the land for all other nations."(Ibid., 10:9-12.)

beneath;..."(Ibid., 28:1, 13.) their inheritance;... During the Savior's visit to the

Regardless of the many prophets, "And... the Gentiles who had gone Nephites in the Americas after his

Israel was periodically blessed with folforth out of captivity did humble themresurrection and ascension to glory, he, lowing the death of the great lawselves before the Lord; and the power speaking of the gentiles upon this land,

giver, Moses, the continued disobedience of the Lord was with them. promised that he would pour out the

and the contentions among its tribes not "And I beheld that their mother GenHoly Ghost upon the gentiles, "which only divided them as a people but also tiles were gathered together upon the blessing upon the Gentiles shall make destroyed them as a nation; and true to waters, and upon the land also, to them mighty above all...."(3 Nephi

his warning, God scattered Israel among battle against them. 20:27. Italics added.)

all the nations of the earth. "And I beheld that the power of When God confounded the language

With these few pronouncements of God was with them, and also that the of the people at the tower of Babel, he

God to Israel in mind, I turn to the wrath of God was upon all those that separated a group known as the second nation of destiny, the United were gathered together against them to Jaredites, and under the direction of a

States of America—a nation established battle. prophet, led them to the land of the

by God in these latter days in fulfil- "And I, Nephi, beheld that the GenAmericas. He revealed to this ancient

ment of prophecy, with wonderful tiles that had gone out of captivity prophet:

promises for obedience to the commandwere delivered by the power of God "Behold, this is a choice land, and ments of the Lord and cursings if it fails out of the hands of all other nations. whatsoever nation shall possess it shall

to keep his commandments. "And it came to pass that I, Nephi, be free from bondage, and from capThere were two groups of people bebeheld that they did prosper in the tivity, and from all other nations under

fore the time of Christ who were led land;..."(1 Nephi 13:1120.) heaven, if they will but serve the God

away from eastern lands by the Lord From your knowledge of early Ameriof the land, who is Jesus Christ, who to the Americas, and they became, in can history, you will recognize Columhath been manifested by the things time, quite numerous. Eventually, howbus as the man who went forth upon which we have written."(Ether 2:12.

ever, because of disobedience and wickthe many waters and discovered the Italics added.)

edness, they were destroyed, except a Americas. The other facts of this The Lord also emphasized to this

remnant of the second group who are prophecy and its fulfilment are also early prophet that whatsoever nation the progenitors of the American Indian. known to you from America's recorded shall possess this land of promise shall

These two migrations of people to the history. This same prophet, speaking serve God or they shall be swept off

Americas received knowledge by revelaof the house of Israel being scattered and when the fulness of his wrath shall tion through their prophets concerning confounded, predicted: come upon them. And the fulness of

a powerful gentile nation which was to "... that the Lord God will raise his wrath cometh upon them when

be established in the latter days upon up a mighty nation among the Genthey are ripened in iniquity. "This,"

this land by the hand of God. tiles, yea, even upon the face of this said the prophet, "is an everlasting deNow let us briefly examine the revelaland;..."(Ibid., 22:7.) cree of God."(Ibid., 2:8-10.)

tions and prophecies as recorded in the Lehi, the father of Nephi, and himThus, from ancient American prophBook of Mormon, foretelling America's self a prophet, speaking to his descendets, we learn that this United States discovery, its peopling from the Euroants and followers, declared that the of America was established by God for pean gentile nations, the events leading land of America is a land of promise, a divine purpose, and that great blessto the break with Great Britain, the choice above all other lands. ings, which all must admit, as we review

Revolutionary War which secured in- "Wherefore, I, Lehi, prophesy acthe history of this nation, have so far dependence for the colonies from the cording to the workings of the Spirit been literally fulfilled; yet the fulfiltyranny of oppression of an unjust king which is in me, that there shall none ment of future promise of blessings is

and nation. An angel showed to Nephi, come into this land save they shall be conditional upon the continued rightan American prophet who lived about brought by the hand of the Lord. eousness of its people. A great challenge

six hundred years before Christ, the "Wherefore, this land is consecrated is presented to the citizens of this land many waters which separated the genunto him whom he shall bring. And if if God is to be on our side and give

tile nations from the seed of his brethit so be that they shall serve him acus power as a nation to overcome our ren. He recorded this vision as follows: cording to the commandments which he enemies and not be brought down into

"And it came to pass that the angel hath given, it shall be a land of liberty captivity.

said unto me: Behold the wrath of unto them; wherefore, they shall never This nation did not come into being

God is upon the seed of thy brethren. be brought down into captivity; if so, it by chance. God declared that the gen-

"And I looked and beheld a man shall be because of iniquity; for if intiles who came here were to be brought

among the Gentiles, who was separated iquity shall abound cursed shall be out of captivity by his hand. The

from the seed of my brethren by the the land for their sakes, but unto the prophecies previously quoted concerning many waters; and... the Spirit of righteous it shall be blessed forever."the establishment of this nation have

God... came down and wrought upon (2 Nephi 1:6-7. Italics added.) been fulfilled to the letter. The people

the man; and he went forth upon the Jacob, the brother of Nephi, in an coming here in the beginning did so to

many waters, even unto the seed of my inspirational discourse to his people, find religious freedom. Nevertheless,

brethren, who were in the promised reaffirmed the Lord's promises to the they were subjected to tyrannical rule, land. gentiles upon this land. He declared: unjust demands, and no representation.

"And... I beheld the Spirit of God, "... the promises of the Lord are They had lost the opportunities, the

that it wrought upon other Gentiles; great unto the Gentiles,... privileges, the religious freedom and

and they went forth out of captivity, "... and the Gentiles shall be blessed liberty which impelled them to settle

upon the many waters. upon the land. in this new land. The colonists became

1 104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA an aroused group because of oppression; and good pleasure of Almighty God; Only by so doing could the nation fultherefore, the time had arrived in the but, under His divine blessing, it will fil its destiny and God's purposes and

economy of God for the people to be dependent on the character and the work. The Civil War resulted in the

break off the yoke of domination which virtues of ourselves, and of our posterity. death and misery of many souls, and

subjected them to these unjust and in- "And let me say, gentlemen, that if thus for the second time the land was tolerable conditions. The Lord, knowwe and our posterity shall be true to redeemed by the shedding of blood.

ing beforehand the events which would the Christian religion—if we and they Truly, God rules in the affairs of

set the pattern for independence, raised shall live always in the fear of God, men and nations. This nation has alup strong and valiant men to meet this and shall respect His commandments ways been a beacon light to the world,

hour of crisis and challenge. The if we and they shall maintain just, exemplifying the principles of democDeclaration of Independence came from moral sentiments, and such conscienracy, freedom, opportunity, achievement,

a determined people. The successful tious convictions of duty as shall control and happiness. It now wields tremenRevolutionary War which followed the heart and life—we may have the dous influence and power in the affairs

united the colonies; and the gentile highest hopes of the future fortunes of men and will continue to do so acnation of destiny and of divine purof our country, and if we maintain those cording to the promise of God as long

pose, as foretold by the prophets, was institutions of government and that as the people of the land serve the born. A Constitution was needed to set political union, exceeding all praise God of the land who is Jesus Christ.

forth the purposes, obligations, and the as much as it exceeds all former exThe Constitution made provision for guide lines for the new nation. God amples of political associations, we may an expanded nation, but the founding

was prepared and ready and did not be sure of one thing—that, while our fathers and God had no thought of

neglect this newborn nation which he country furnishes materials for a thouchanging or altering its basic princihad ordained to be established thousand masters of historic art, it will ples, rules, and concepts.

sands of years previously. afford no topic for a Gibbon. It will President Woodrow Wilson defined

I now turn to latterday scripture to have no decline and fall. It will go the Constitution of the United States

substantiate this statement, which reveon prospering and to prosper. as "Not being a mere lawyer's doculations are not only important for "But if we and our posterity reject ment. It is,"said he, "a vehicle of life,

Latterday Saints to know and underreligious instruction and authority, vioand its spirit is always the spirit of stand, but also for the entire citizenry late the rules of eternal justice, trifle the age. The explicitly granted powers

of this favored country. The Lord, with the injunctions of morality, and of the Constitution are what they althrough the Prophet Joseph Smith in recklessly destroy the political constituways were; but the powers drawn from

December of 1833, counseled in the tion which holds us together, no man it by implication have grown and midst of their afflictions that "the Saints can tell how sudden the catastrophe multiplied beyond all expectation."

should continue to importune for remay overwhelm us, that shall bury all To interpret this valued document dress, and redemption, by the hands our glory in profound obscurity."understandingly, we need to remember

of those who are placed as rulers and How applicable today are these the conditions and circumstances which are in authority over you splendid sentiments and warnings by confronted the founding fathers, who, "According to the laws and constituthis valiant statesman and patriot! under the inspiration of the Lord,

tion of the people, which I have suffered When God established the nation of brought this wonderful instrument of to be established, and should be mainIsrael, he gave them the Ten Commandgovernment into being. So important

tained for the rights and protection of ments, written on tablets of stone by was God's will respecting this nation as all flesh, according to just and holy his own finger. Man, through the cenrevealed to Joseph Smith the Prophet,

principles; turies, has not altered or changed the that in his prayer offered at the dedica-

"That every man may act in doctrine Ten Commandments. The Constitution tion of the Kirtland Temple, he included

and principle pertaining to futurity, acof this nation was not written on this appeal to Almighty God:

cording to the moral agency which I tablets of stone like unto Israel, but wise "Have mercy, O Lord, upon all the have given unto him, that every man men were raised up and inspired for nations of the earth; have mercy upon

may be accountable for his own sins the important task of writing a conthe rulers of our land; may those prinin the day of judgment. stitution of government which guaranciples, which were so honorably and

"Therefore, it is not right that any teed the Godgiven rights of free men. nobly defended, namely, the Constituman should be in bondage one to In the revelation to Joseph Smith tion of our land, by our fathers, be

another. previously quoted, he was told that the established forever."(D&C 109:54.)

"And for this purpose have I estabConstitution should be maintained for With the knowledge of God's declaralished the Constitution of this land, by the rights and protection of all flesh, tion that the Constitution of this land the hands of wise men whom I raised according to just and holy principles, is inspired of him, it behooves every up unto this very purpose, and rethat it is not right for man to be in citizen to analyze the meaning, imdeemed the land by the shedding of bondage one to another. It guarantees portance, and significance of this problood."(D&C 101:7780.) what God has always bestowed upon found document and give loyal support

God gave the men chosen to formuhis children—the rights, privileges, and to its spirit and purpose. We cannot

late the Constitution the inspiration of honor of a free people. So important is afford to become complacent, forsake

heaven to guide them. It becomes, this latterday gentile nation established vigilance, and thus lose the benefits of

therefore, an enduring document for by God that he required the land to be the Lord's promise of blessings upon this nation. It is not the prerogative of redeemed by the shedding of blood. the people of this goodly land. Also,

man to change its basic and fundaThe blood of the Revolutionary patriots we must see to it that the principles, the mental principles and concepts. was freely spilled upon the field of batstandards, the ideals, the rights, the

The dynamic statesman, Daniel Webtle to insure independence and to reprivileges, and the protection guaranteed ster, in his last public address before the deem the land and make it sacred to by the Constitution are upheld by those

New York Historical Society in 1852, those who possessed it. When the who represent us in the executive,

said: North and South became divided over legislative, and judicial branches of

"Unborn ages and visions of glory state rights which included slavery, it government.

crowd upon my soul, the realization of was most important in the plan for this A wise and understanding God had all which, however, is in the hands nation that it remain united and strong. all this in mind when he gave the

DECEMBER 1963 1108 following revelation to the Prophet nation of Israel can happen to this attractive city, which they proudly reJoseph Smith in August 1833: nation also if we as a people in this ferred to as "Nauvoo the Beautiful."All

"And that law of the land which chosen land fail to obey the laws and these they left behind to move their is constitutional, supporting that printhe counsels of God. It will be profitfamilies, with what household goods

ciple of freedom in maintaining rights able to alt of us in the light of the promand provisions that they could take with and privileges, belongs to all mankind, ises and warnings to this nation to read them, to make an almost superhuman and is justifiable before me. again the biblical history of the nation trek thirteen hundred miles into an al-

"Therefore, I, the Lord, justify you, of Israel. It will help us avoid the most unknown western land.

and your brethren of my church, in pitfalls which befell them. With a background of culture and rebefriending that law which is the con- I earnestly pray that we shall always finement, they were not accustomed to

stitutional law of the land; stand firm and stedfast and immovable the hardships of improvised shelters

"And as pertaining to law of man, in upholding and sustaining the Conerected against the wintry blasts of whatsoever is more or less than this, stitution of this favored land. May we February winds; yet, because of their

cometh of evil. also selectively and wisely choose those faith and their courage, they resolutely

"I, the Lord God, make you free, who are equally valiant and patriotic to met the challenge, and turning their therefore ye are free indeed; and the represent us in the top echelons of govbacks upon their beautiful homes and

their faces the west, they toward met upright, honest,law also maketh you free. who are ernment—men exiled whatever to come. These was "Nevertheless, the and willing to keep the wicked rule when commandments

trust their implicit people, in with lives. of their in personalthe people mourn. God ". first leaders, to seek the chose ye wise truths honest "Wherefore, I These and considerations and men

his of righteouskingdom God, and.. for diligently, bear witness sought be should testimony humble and tomen

..."ness; physical (Matt. 6:33.) Their

in of the should wise ye Christ. good Jesusand and men name men Amen. their courage equaled only by was

observe to otherwise uphold; whatsocourage. moral

is less evil."of theseever than cometh

is In for there crying our day a need (Ibid., 98:5-10.)

this in us, of quality espesame each

If wickedness prevails and wicked cially the moral courage to resist the men rule, then we will be as other everincreasing pressures and insidious nations. We will stand alone without influences that are constantly at work,

the guiding influence and power of God distorting the truth, tearing down the to sustain us in time of trouble and in good and the decent, and attempting to meeting the challenge threat of and substitute therefor shallow the vain and THE NEED external ideologies, Satanicinternal and philosophies carnal of a and practicesalso the evil designs and intrigues of FOR world. There is need for the moral

men and nations. courage to uphold correct principles in I quote from a talk given by National MORAL our personal lives and to defend right

Commander James E. Powers of the and truth and decency and honor, andAmerican Legion which appeared in the COURAGE above all, to have faith in and honor

American ber 1963: Legion magazine of SeptemEIRay L. Christiansen GodIt seemsour Fatherto me that moral courage is

"America's deepest roots are spiritual. Assistant to the Council of the Twelve made of a firm desire, coupled with deThis is the most important historical termination to accept and to do what

sisters, I beloved brethren and have My is right is It to the shun and wrong. life. itfact of ignore American To

forgotten is not the statement in one made the of outgrowth moral conviction. Moral ofto the heritage, miss essence the the

of the recent general conferences by courage disdramatically not be maycharacter, destiny of the and the AmeriElder L. Richard Evans, reminded who it played. receive does public Seldom people. internationalcan Today, with

is that us to not enough. know As it acclaim, nevertheless, indisis an I tightening, tensionand domestic beto this of the close near great draw we of attribute pensable character. noble it islieve clearly well that the see we

it uplifting and conference, to seems It if exercised be must worthwhile...spiritual of that core creed. The

is that the thing that for remains me principles institutions to are and be colonies esnationAmerican and were to us to our go our conform homes and preserved perpetuated. andtablished in turn by and men women lives to the teachings of the Lord Jesus stedfastly for stands that He who their reliance acknowledged openlywho as Christ they have been expounded is right risk take of the which mustupon almighty God."here, lacking in not determination and at times becoming disapproved and unContinued righteousness and dependit, in for to moral courage "to do know or popular, others even shunned byence therefor are the upon only God is not enough."closest his friends. sometimes Inbyguarantees for the have constant we of greatest the of One demonstrations deed, martyrs. some have become Knowof hisenjoyment blessings us, upon courage moral ever this in shown day is right ing true and what and "...for he has shall warned: law my in the of was winter, when dead 1846, honorable, the they have courage had

kept thisbe land."58:19.) on (D&C first of the Saints, the living in city the is is to do, not easy but what what

of Constitution the States The United of rolled their Nauvoo, loaded is wagons right; expedient not but what what

is to this gentile nation the what Ten flatboats to onto ferried across the be is best.

were and still are toCommandments broad, icy Mississippi River. That

the nation of Israel. of the beginning marked the exodus of I amI thinkacquainted,of a youngwho, boyratherwiththanwhomjoin

What a strength and comfort it would modern Israel. Later in the month, his companions one night in an escabe to the people of this land for God according to the historians, long carapade that was not in harmony with the

to fight for this nation if the need vans crossed the river on a solid floor training he had received in his home arises as he fought for Israel during of ice. and in the Church, chose to walk more

their struggle to build and maintain a These people had been living in subthan six miles to his home while his nation. However, Israel's persistence in stantial and comfortable homes. They companions in the car proceeded to

disobedience and wickedness destroyed had farmed their fertile lands; they had carry out their plans. I imagine that

them as a nation. This fact stands as a completed the construction of the sacred boy, for more reasons than one, slept

warning to us. What happened to the Nauvoo Temple and had developed an well when he finally arrived at home.

1106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And no doubt his parents were proud It requires moral courage to tell the pattern for living, was restored, and that of him. Truly, "A wise son maketh a truth regardless of the situation or the President David O. McKay is presently

glad father."(Prov. 10:1.) consequences, but it pays great dividends the prophet, seer, and revelator of the

It requires no moral courage to drift in peace of mind. Lord Jesus Christ.

with the multitude or to run with the It takes courage to resist envy and Let us go from here with the deter- "pack,"so to speak. The real test is in hate and anger, the destroyers of happimination and the moral courage to say

choosing and pursuing the right, even ness. The Bible says: "He that is slow as Job said, "... while my breath is in

though it appears that in so doing, one to anger is better than the mighty; and me,...

is alone. he that ruleth his spirit than he that "My lips shall not speak wickedness,

Jesus, the personification of this qualtaketh a city."(Prov. 16:32.) nor my tongue utter deceit.

ity, disagreed with the powerful and Have we the moral courage to forgive "... till I die I will not remove...

influential Jewish governing body—the or to ask forgiveness? Never is the integrity from me."(Job 27:3-5.)

Sanhedrin. He referred to certain unhuman soul more noble and so cour- I pray for this in the name of Jesus

righteous Pharisees as "... hypocrites! ageous than when it forgives and then Christ. Amen.

for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, forgets. Jesus said in a revelation to

which indeed appear beautiful outward, Joseph Smith: "Wherefore, I say unto <

but are within full of dead men's bones, you, that ye ought to forgive one an-..."(Matt. 23:27.) other; for he that forgiveth not his

And Matthew records him saying brother his trespasses standeth conplainly, "... for ye devour widows'demned before the Lord; for there rehouses, and for a pretence make long maineth in him the greater sin.

prayer: therefore ye shall receive the "I, the Lord, will forgive whom I will

greater damnation."{Ibid., 23:14.) forgive, but of you it is required to With righteous fervor he drove out forgive all men."(D&C 64:9-10.) THE NEED

if ye forrecords: "For changers, because Matthew he couldthe money And FOR their trespasses, your heavenly bear to desecratenot the give see them men

will also forgive you."(Matt.temple. of Father in defense He was fearless FAITH 6:14.)correct principles, and although he was

life religious Latterday of afalsely maliciously and The accused—even obligaPresident Antoine R. Ivins not should be based upon subjected tothough he railings and Saint was

the First Council of the Seventymockery of the worst kind—he stood tion and duty alone, but upon a genuine Of

majestically and composed before Pilate desire to be honorable, to do good, to and again before Herod, while the do what is right, to love God, and to Brethren and sisters:

howling mob cried, "Crucify him, crulove one another. As I stand before you today, I seek an

cify him!"(Luke 23:21.) We ought to think right and do right interest in your faith and prayers that,

He was not concerned with his own simply because it is right. If there is perhaps, I may say something that may

security nor with the indignities he to be any moral perfection for us in be of help to some of us.

suffered at the hands of foul men. His this life, it will come because we conMy life span covers nearly sixtytwo

great desire was to do the will of the sistently and automatically do what percent of the lapsed time since the

Father, even though it meant his is right. Church was reestablished on the earth

crucifixion. I bear solemn testimony to the fact through the instrumentality of the

While we in our day may or may not that Jesus is the Christ, that God our Prophet Joseph Smith, Jun. For nearly

be called upon to suffer unduly or to Father lives, that Joseph Smith was inforty percent of my life I have had test our moral courage in the great issues deed the Prophet of this dispensation opportunity to observe the forward of the world, there is, nevertheless, althrough whom the gospel, the divine movement of the Church as a member ways need for each of us to exercise selfdiscipline and moral courage in our everyday living.

It was Lincoln that reminded us that, and I quote: "We must return to idealism—the idealism of character and

truth; of integrity in private and public

(affairs)... no people can ever become

greater by lowering their standards, no society was ever improved by adopting a looser morality."

Someone has said our physical fitness program is wonderful and is needed, but we have also a need in our lives for a moral fitness program. It takes moral

courage, for instance, to apologize, to put aside pride and say, "I was wrong,"or to explain a misunderstanding which, if ignored, would hurt another person;

or to defend a person when slighting remarks are made against his character.

It takes courage to stand up and be counted when you may not agree with the crowd; for example, to plan, and to

live, and to qualify to go to the house of the Lord when the time comes to be married even though some of our associates may do otherwise.

DECEMBER 1963 1107 of the First Council of the Seventy. If we apply this measure to the our major problems. Salvation is the

Quite naturally, I have been able to service of the many men who hold the objective of the Church. May God help

check, in a way, the responses of the Melchizedek Priesthood, we discover that us to realize this purpose.

priesthood members of the Church to too many of us fail to measure to a In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

the programs instituted, from time to high standard of service. Shall we call

time, for their encouragement and aid. it a lack of faith?

In this I have reached a conclusion that I like to believe, and this comes from what we, the bearers of the priesthood, my experience and observation, that most need is faith. many men fail in their interest in the

We declare in the Articles of Faith, work of the priesthood from lack of "We believe in God, the Eternal Father, responsible opportunity and application.

and in His Son, Jesus Christ, and in the How can a man enjoy doing a thing in

Also, believe that which Ghost."Holy "We he is not experienced and HERSELF familiar? of principles the first ordinances and

the Gospel are; first, Faith in the Lord The program of the Church is suffi- - -Jesus Christ; second, Repentance; third, ciently broad to offer opportunity for A

Baptism by immersion for the remission most men to serve in some interesting LIGHT! of sins; and fourth, Laying on of hands capacity—this must be in a friendly

for atmosphere, the gift of the Holy Ghost."(Articles for most people respond Bishop Victor L. Brown

to friendship. 4.) 1 and

To me this means that we believe The purpose of the program awaiting Of the Presiding Bishopric initiation of exists; at the is that the beginning that new Eternal our he God

I I believe a of have clearer meaning is inactive to these surround year Father of the Christ; Father and Jesus

it to what endure means to the end sisters brethren with in atmosphere an believe and the Ghost. and we Holy We

I earlier. did than [Laughter.] interest, of findsincere friendship also believe and that Christ, Jesus the Son

of God, took upon himself mortal life, ing opportunity for attractive and friendMichael is now sixteen years of age.

accepted death, and rose from death to ly fellowship and service. His parents were members of the Piute

resurrection—"thebe the first evidencefirst to fruitsman ofof thethe armyThereof menis inwhotheholdChurchonly thea veritableAaronic Indianout his eyesight.tribe. MichaelOn thewasIndianbornreservawith-

resurrection."In so doing he overcame Priesthood, hold no priesthood at all, tion, this was considered a terrible

the effects of Adam's act which introor who, holding the Melchizedek Priesthandicap. His family was very poor,

duced mortality into the world. It was hood, fail to honor it by active service. and a blind boy was more than they

then possible, through death and the Many of these men are burdened with, could cope with. So, when Michael

resurrection, for man to reenter the and struggle to overcome, habits which was about seven years old, he was left presence of God in an exalted estate. make them feel out of harmony with on the desert to die. Fortunately, some

That man might be exalted, a plan the program of the Church. When this passing tourists found him and took

of life was given him, and this we may be the case, we should give them him to a hospital. It took a year for

call the gospel. every possible aid in their struggle. the doctors and nurses to save his life

Recurring to the fourth Article of There are few things more powerful and restore his health.

Faith we learn that the first principle than habits. When they are good, During this experience of being left

of this plan is that man should have they become a great safeguard; when on the desert all alone without food

faith in God and in our Redeemer they are not, they reduce their capacity and water, unable to see, Michael's

Jesus Christ. according to the seriousness of the afflicbasic animal instincts for survival beFaith is defined in one biblical pastion. Our problem is to aid with as came so strong that he almost became

sage as follows: "... faith is the sublittle embarrassment as possible. Many an animal, fearing and hating everystance of things hoped for, the evidence men of my acquaintance have made body and everything. Eight years later,

of things not seen."(Heb. 11:2.) Faith this battle with themselves successwhen I first met him, he told me he

gives our yearnings substance and evifully and attained to greater happiness. could remember the horror of being all

dences to us the possibility of actual Changing from a life of inactivity in alone—hungry, thirsty, and lost.

accomplishment. With this possibility the Church, or even opposition to the When he became well enough,

before us, we undertake things new to teachings and program of the Church, Michael was sent to school. He was

us, gaining strength and courage, both implies the need of repentance. It need incorrigible. Because of his tragic exphysical and spiritual. In other words, not be offensive to suggest to a person perience, he destroyed everything he

its thatfaith in to be he change sense every broadest more his ways prompts could get pencils, his hands on—paper, lives. repentance happy. means:act of faith in is what That increase our record player. We his Everything was

ourselves by the exercise of our facul- a Godly sorrow for acts, improper or enemy. I suppose the school authorities

ties; we gain faith in our neighbors even just not wisely performed, and a despaired of ever reaching this boy. One

when our mutual interchanges accord change to a life filled with proper day, they placed a call to a wonderful with the gospel plan. We gain faith in and correctly performed activities. This Latterday Saint woman and asked herthe gospel plan—which means faith in not only results in one's contentment if she would mind taking an Indian boyGod—by doing the various things reand happiness but increases his interinto her home. She readily agreed.

it, est in their his service this in others service. andquired and means by Michael's nature had not changed. He

I only discovered serve to behalf. have brings aboutThe This change way a still considered everyone his enemy.

God is to help his work along among closer relationship with the Spirit of He continued to destroy almost everyhis children. serve, As gain we we influence the one under whose Lord that his in thing way. day came One

greater of apunderstanding and power life social his his private corrects and of the boys, one neighbor a white boy ispreciation. that he have Man may it the relationships. Richard, should by of be offenac- name became Why

I greatestjoy, joy the experiand have if that sive to to a person he quainted be told with Michael. Richard was others.enced serving has through come

Service, then, becomes a measuring will, of his own volition, prove victor about fifteen years old. He was a

stick for faith. If men serve faithfully over his unfortunate habits, he will teacher in the Aaronic Priesthood. He

and willingly, it is an indication of be happier and more useful? took an interest in Michael and fast befaith. This, brethren and sisters, is one of came his friend.

1108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Richard came to the Presiding Bishthe front of the chapel and bear his streets, a boy who so loved the Lord opric's Office one day and asked about testimony to over twelve hundred that he wanted to share the gospel with the cost of the Book of Mormon in people. I wish you could have seen his friend. What a wonderful examBraille. He had been saving his money this fifteenyear-old Navajo Indian boy. ple of living the first two great comfor a long time so that he might purImmaculate in his appearance and with mandments as found in the twelfth

chase a Book of Mormon in Braille as all the dignity and majesty of a great chapter of Mark, verses thirty and a birthday present for his blind Indian chief, he sat in his wheelchair and thirtyone:

buddy. The cost was more than Richhumbly expressed his gratitude to his "And thou shalt love the Lord thy

ard had saved. However, a kind person Heavenly Father for his many blessGod with all thy heart, and with all

made it possible for him to obtain the ings, for his parents, his brothers and thy soul, and with all thy mind, and book. As Michael read with his fingers, sisters, his membership in the Church with all thy strength: this is the first

Richard followed along in his own and the blessing of holding the office comandment.

Book of Mormon reading out loud, thus of teacher in the Aaronic Priesthood. "And the second is like, namely, this,

helping Michael over the more difficult Bill is a fine artist and hopes someday Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thywords. As I visited with Michael, he to become a great architect. self. There is none other commandment

said he had never read such wonderful Bill and Michael have two lovely, greater than these."

stories. He said that everything he blond, fairskinned sisters and a baby There is such a desperate need in

had read in the past was kid stuff, but brother, Ronnie. Let me tell you about the world today for this kind of love,

the Book of Mormon was different. I Ronnie. As far as we know, he is also for each mother to want her children,

asked him what the greatest desire of a Navajo Indian boy. When the agency to want them so badly that her love

his heart was. This fifteenyear-old called this same good mother and asked transcends all else. A mother's love is

Indian boy replied: "To become sixteen if she would take a threeyear-old Inone of the basic instincts God has imyears old so I can be baptized a memdian baby into her home, they said that planted in a woman's heart. It is so

ber of The Church of Jesus Christ of the child was totally incapacitated. He basic that it exists in all animals that

Latterday Saints."He explained that could not walk; he could not talk. They bear offspring, and yet there are those

he must wait until his sixteenth birthexplained the outlook for him as almost who fail to use this love wisely.

day because of the requirement of the hopeless. Notwithstanding this, she From studies made by social workers,

agency responsible for him. accepted him into her home. When I they find that when children get into

Michael had his sixteenth birthday met Ronnie the other day, he had a trouble it is altogether too often because:

just this August and was baptized by his mischievous twinkle in his eye and a 1. Mother's social status is reflected

buddy, Richard, who is now a priest. smile on his face as he ran and tried through her child.

Just four weeks ago, Michael was orto escape from one of his sisters—as 2. Mothers push their children into

dained a deacon in the Aaronic Priestnormal a fouryear-old as I have ever mature social experiences far beyond hood by his foster father. seen. their age.

Michael told his mother that as he A blind boy, a crippled boy, a child 3. There is a feeling on the part of

was being confirmed a member of the who was a complete invalid—each one parents of getting the child out of the

Church, the brightest feeling went destined to a life of misery and hopelesshome so they can have more freedom, through his entire body. He said, "I ness, but for the love, compassion, charso they can be to themselves, and so

know now what 'white'looks like."This ity, and understanding of a wonderful they can travel and not be hampered

sixteenyear-old Indian boy who has woman—a woman who had the support by having children in the home.never seen the light of day now knows of a good and faithful husband—4. All too often the child is not

what "white"looks like. The Holy woman who wanted children more than taught dependability and selfreliance.

Ghost has borne witness to him. anything else in the world and who was He is left on his own.

This last school year, Michael, the not blessed with any of her own. She 5. Another major contributing factor

boy who was incorrigible, was honored wanted them so badly it didn't matter is that the parents are not home enough.

for his excellence in school effort—exwhat their handicaps nor that their Mothers, you most of all have the

cellence in deportment, scholarship, and skin was copper color. The love she destiny of this generation in your hands.

progress—the only boy so honored by gave them was the love she had missed Surely, we fathers have a part as do

his school this year. He hopes someday so desperately during her childhood. we leaders of youth, but nothing we

to teach other blind children as he has The compassion she blessed these chilcan do will compare with a mother's been taught. dren with was the compassion she love if it is wisely placed.

Bill is now fifteen. His parents are longed for and sought but failed to Now, may I just mention a group

Navajo. When Bill was a child, he find as she was growing up. To me she of mothers. I think there are about

was stricken with polio, which left him typifies the saint as described by Felix four thousand of them. These mothers

without the use of his legs. Bill and Adler as he makes the distinction behave a special place in my heart. They

Michael are brothers in this foster tween a hero and a saint. Paraphrasing are the mothers whose husbands are

home. They are both Boy Scouts. A this statement: bishops in this great Church. The

year ago, they needed money to go to "The hero (heroine) is one who other day a lovely young mother, the

Scout camp, so they decided to sell kindles a great light in the world, who wife of a bishop, wrote me a sweet toothbrushes and toothpaste. They sets up blazing torches in the dark letter. She expressed, among other

didn't have much luck in their own streets of life for men to see by. The things, a need for encouragement so she

neighborhood, so Michael pushed Bill saint is the man (woman) who walks would always be an inspiration to her to another miles of seven paths his wheelchair in the dark the so that she through have the world, husband, would "suc- 'light.'some a they feelings had suppress where strength to the himself (herself) normalcommunity

cess. They said that the most interest- I suppose that most of the teachings of loneliness and discouragement, of

ing and funniest experience of the day of the Master can be gleaned from the being left alone so much of the time, was when they sold a toothbrush and lives of this family, also from Richard, of having to shoulder a great share of some toothpaste to a man who didn't the white boy, a priest in the Aaronic the responsibility of rearing her chilhave any teeth. Priesthood, impervious to the taunts of dren than would otherwise be the case,

Three weeks ago at a stake quarterly the other boys as he held Michael's and of being the last one to know what conference, I invited Bill to come to hand while they walked down the is going on in the ward. I suppose this

DECEMBER 1963 1I09 runs contrary to the basic nature of drifted away. And it has taken all of the world from you.

most women. this to make me realize that there is So my brief message here today is,

We want you to know that you are only one cure for the world. It is not brothers and sisters, let us live the gosnot forgotten for a moment. We meet in political parties. It is not in the pel so that our living will give meaning

your husbands more often than we do philosophies of men. There is only one to our words, and that when we bear

you, and perhaps we talk about them cure for the evils of this world, and for testimony that we know that he lives, more. We want you to know that we the broken hearts of men and women, that they will feel it by the sincerity of

are fully aware that behind every good and that is faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, our words and our lives.

bishop in this Church is a good woman, and the living of that faith by obedience I bear you testimony that I know he a woman who, through sharing her to the commandments of the Lord our lives, and I am raising my voice as strength, is instrumental in making a God. There is nothing that can compare loudly and as strongly as I know how

good man. with it. There is no other answer. It is to declare it to everyone who is willing

May God bless all good women obedience to Christ, or it is dissolution. to listen. Jesus lives. He is the Christ.

everywhere that their love may bless Now, as I have been stirred by these He is the Son of God. He is the Divine

mankind, in the name of Jesus Christ. remarkable addresses that we have lisRedeemer. He is the Creator of the

Amen. tened to, and as I have looked about worlds, and if we will but follow him,

over this great audience, I have come to great will be our joy—salvation in this

realize more and more that there is only life and eternal life in the world one voice in all the world that can bear to come.

testimony to these groping nations that This testimony I bear to you in the

Jesus is the Christ. I mean only one name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

voice of authority, and that is the voice of the Latterday Saints. We are the

RAISE onlyworldauthoritativethat Jesus is voicethe Christ.declaring to the

lives that our because know God THE VOICE prophetsWe seen have and talked with him is him. the Christ that Jesus know We OF prophets because our have communed

lives him, and he know that we TESTIMONY with A of the because testimony of the Holy Mark E. Petersen Ghost that burns within us. GREAT

therefor, as a united people We, Of the Council of the Twelve to all declare that must mankind he RESPONSIBILITY is that a in lives and the he power is graciousPresident so always McKay President O. David is McKay that only world our salvation and he

I all so love with wonderful.and him

is destruction that the sure from heart, as do, with you and all mymy are evil this nearing the of a end unless world great conupon they come to Wesoul great I sustain as prophet our him as ference, usual, raise the repent. best ever. voice the of must We I his grateful for courtesy leader. am

like just raise I should to testimony. the voice a must say word now We this at time.

about of responsibility our repentance. these carry to

I greatly stirred this conhave been by great messages to strong But voice a been which have can how we you I ference. stirred than been have more

listening last raise? since strong a Friday testimony morning can you How I ofnormally, the suppose, because carry is let to our bear? them testimony Your not homes and stronger no

I inexperiences wife have had and my it stop I this say your obedience. than when "Amen"we wonder how I last eightthe or nine months. now afternoon. testimony has your much been watered

Isee in a the perspective. Church new told are that litso loved disobedience the your in by down even God We I a a different from was whatam man tle world there. that things his or here gave he Begotten Only But God I of different ago.year kind a am Son, that expects in will that believeth whosoever a bear you mighty him

I realize Saint.Latterday to have come perish should to testimony lives, not the everlasting that but world have he thisthat of the great mission Church

life. us, therefore, Let that in follow he has spoken our our that day, Heavis President has that which McKay

is Father's enly Christ, the bring our Jesus that destruction example and and up in council often so ustaught meetour will sons in faith the daughters the unless world and upon come own we to testimony bear must weings—that of of the his gospel Christ. keep Jesus obey and him commandments.

of Christ. divinitythe the Jesus Lord

is is I greater reststrong a responsibility There testimony? your would How

It to eight taken has months now me ing us that than behave ever perhaps upon alone you your know words now far driftedrealize the has world how

I this fore in are history the of not country. enough. have would you The know

It belief Savior. in the has fromaway

it is listo testimony just that supported your only which have word by we articles andtaken books newspaper and is lives testiBrother tened that righteous Petersen reaching from give your can all various ofsermons, clergymen from into to of the in millions sincere the tones such throughout world homes mony faiths, existence in the they deny which the will that world. attenand pay men women in declare theyof they which God,

to tion Last you. listened night to young two we

of the divinity in believe the longerno I give sons selfadmire Oh, your your sermons the of and on how men power

Savior, in which they say they do not daughters who are traveling through the control. I am sure their parents are

believe the Bible is the word of God countries of Europe as well as the rest very proud of them, and so are we all.

any more. of the world, humbly bearing testimony The tens of thousands of men holding

It has taken newspaper articles tellof this great truth. How sincere they the priesthood sat silently and almost

ing of the iniquities of the world, the are! How many of our converts say, breathlessly as they listened to the sersins, the diseases from the sins that have "The thing that impressed me was the mons of those two young men. I hope

come upon the people of the world, to sincerity of the missionaries,"and that all who are within the sound of my make me realize how far the world has is the thing that is going to impress all voice will have the same pride as those

n 10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA parents have for those two boys—that This must be your inheritance: My Prove naught but vain imaginings,

your sons will bear the same testimony name. indeed.

and accept the same ideals that a hunIt has not been my fate, in life's sharp dred thousand whom those two boys struggles, "But this I do believe; when I have

represented last night have in their To win the honors other men have won. traveled

hearts to attain. Mine has not been a life of great Life's twisting road, and worked out

There comes to my mind now a poem achievements; Life's great plan,—

about a father who paid this tribute I have not done the deeds some men When 1 have gone beyond Life's praise to his son, or rather felt pride in his have done. or blaming,

boy and the responsibility of rearing But I have kept unsullied and unIt will be said of me, 'He was a man!'

him as these hundred thousand boys tarnished And so, because of this, I feel no shame, last night. It runs something like this That thing—a name—entrusted to my When I bequeath to you, my son, my

care; name."

"We've never seen the Father here, but I have not let dishonor dim its luster, we have known the Son, Nor have I let shame leave its black That is the duty of every father in

The finest type of manhood since the mark there. Israel—every man who has a son or

world was first begun, I have not let my name be classed with daughter. Let us make our homes

And summing up the works of God, I malice places in which the Spirit of God will write with reverent pen. Nor fear, nor moral cowardice, nor be pleased to dwell. And may each

The greatest is the Son He sent to cheer greed, boy who bears his father's name, live the lives of men. Nor bigoted intolerance towards others to honor it, not bring disgrace upon a

Nor lack of charity for those in need. mother who loves you and a father who

"Through Him we learned the ways of But I have made, instead, my name has given you a name.

love; the Father's God, found and conference, a great This has been synonymous,

it SonThe won us was who singing have messages and glorious back to In all men's minds, with things the great

Him who reigns above. most worthwhile; made it so. The responsibility with us

did not Lord comeThe spirit carry gospel of the is to the to strength do the right, though now down Himself With to worth, prove His to men in our not homes. Christ of Jesus Do might see me; none

through sought our worshipHe divorce. through break grit them disaster Make up a smile; with to meet the With

earth. placed Child upon the He in the temple, promises good your claims loyalty to those with upon With

to be true and hold them sacred me; I best express can"How my life? Wherefather's is every every covenant. This justice equally toward foe and With lie? greatness in does

responsibility. canHow

integrity, squareOur homes are the seedbeds of faith since I amI bornlong toremembrancedie? win, Withfriend;honor, truth,

Both fame and gold are selfish things; dealing, in Christ our Lord, who stands at the

their charms may quickly flee, 'My word my bond,'head, and who is God's Beloved Son. In

But I'm the father of a boy who came Now, as I reach the end, his name I bless the members of the to speak for me. Too well I know that I have failed in priesthood, the entire membership of

efforts the Church in all countries. God's

lies his splenall to be;"In I hope him in peace be with you and happiness I have wanted greatly to sucWhere

shall dor mine; be

everyhearts your and in your homes ceed;

I greatest shall work man's have done

I pray in the name of Jesus if only he is fine. Too oft I've seen my dreams, bright in where,

If some day he shall help the world the forming, Christ. Amen.

long after I am dead, In all that men shall say of him my praises shall be said.

"It matters not what I may win of fleeting gold or fame, My hope of joy depends alone on what my boy shall claim.

My story must be told thru him; for

him I work and plan, Man's greatest duty is to be the father of a man."—Edgar A. Guest

"Thoughts of a Father"

One of our greatest duties as we leave this great conference is to have the spirit of the gospel in our homes.

Fathers, set a proper example to your boys. And mothers, teach them in

accordance with the Doctrine and

Covenants, faith in God, repentance, and baptism.

One man, not in our Church, suggests this to his son:

"I have no wealth to leave you, and no fame.

DECEMBER 1963 1III

Teaching greater and of a much more farPoinsettia Time reaching nature than for anyone (Continued from page 1053) else—for he teaches of "Eternity."( Continued from page 1043

Teacher, as you look into the eyes the teacher, as in the movie, being of students, do you like the personal with a newspaper pinned around the chief focal point. Just as the image you see mirrored there? Do them, or a big paper sack slipped

actors and actresses can sway the you see a teacher who patiently, yet down over them. The poinsettia is

emotions and actions of the audivibrantly, is giving a message of utreally a hothouse plant and has to be ence, so can the teacher sway the most importance to students who treated as such—kept warm and out

thoughts of the students. The classwill always be glad they were there? of drafts, in the house, and protected

room, however, need not be darkDo you see a teacher who realizes against wind and changes of weather ened nor a floodlight focused on the that one of the greatest strengths of in the summer. However, it is

teacher because, in the ideal class, the Church comes through its indidefinitely an outdoor plant in its both"the student and the teacher vidual teachers who make prayer a native country of Mexico. I think

must play important roles. But, just part of their preparation? And do every flower lover likes to know the

as surely as if the floodlights were you see a reflection of a teacher origin and history of the flower upon him, the teacher is under keen whose testimony is a priceless reality she grows, and that of the poinsettia—a testimony that is unwavering and is unusually interesting.

ready to be shared in humility? Many years ago, in 1825 to be

Another's testimony grows and reexact, the United States sent as minTHE CAROLS ceives strength as it is fed the gospel ister to Mexico, Joel Roberts PoinBY JEAN KAY STOCKSETH of Jesus Christ. One cannot teach

convincingly that which he does not

Do you hear? feel or that which his life does not STAR WORDS

that often said reflect. has Someone carolsThe come again BY D. J. ROBERTS

is taught. not religion caught andto sing us Christmas,

times, three Peter asked Savior The is the star There proven of faith—love these songsand we

if loved he as 7 recorded John, by rise. its orbit have watched theybecause Him, sing of

I its this third confession seen after zenith have reached him; andthat born he was

light the in In eyes. children's to Peter love, of Jesus commandedand more

21:15ff. his sheep. (See John live! feedthat does he is the thorn, the plaited There crown, as this in you Church, teacher a As allIn hours the streamered too sentence "endure,"him, you The obey and the love Lord our days tree, gatheredof all with the wisdom The conto such with teach able will be lives. door. green the wreath faith Thehe on of

viction that the individual student

And we love these songs becomes important, for he is truly a of God."because they sing us home. "child in the Church must sett, a statesman who was interested All teachers

meet the challenge to create an in practically everything, including atmosphere that will cause students natural history. He saw the plant,

or the Leaf, the Painted Mexican I "Teacher, happily, to reflect am it is thescrutiny; time and when called, Plant, as Fire growing it was Please glad I'm I came here traits, andunsuspected mannerisms, its in native beautiful rank and warm that. path.. the tell about.. more me. inattitudes students transform may it lovely so haunts. thought was He life."eternal to leads "critics."orto "Christians"either to the that returned United he when

Sometimes a student will be unStates in 1829, he called it to the reasonable in class for no other attention of American botanists, reason than to learn how his teacher who in turn named it poinsettia, will react; so, teacher, the way you ( Poinsettia pulcherina ) in his honor.

react to difficult situations It isn't as a flower, most people in the Jesus Is the Christclassroom the most impresmay be think, the red flaming because sive visual aid the student will (Continued from page 1051) bracts, which look like flower petals remember from the day's lesson. are really leaves, and it is for these

When one accepts the role of a that the plant is grown.

teacher, he takes upon himself a gathered home unto the lands of We think of the poinsettia as the tremendous responsibility and oblitheir possessions; and my word Christmas flower, its bright scarlet

gation—for teaching is not easy. Most also shall be gathered in one."(2 hue in direct contrast to a white

things that are richly rewarding do Nephi29.) Christmas like we always dream

not come without perseverance and The theme of this unified anthem about.

honest effort. of divine ministry is the preparation So now it is Christmas time,

Every teacher, whatever and of the race for the impending adpoinsettia time, and as we look at wherever he may teach, has both vent of the Lord, who shall stand in the bright glowing decorative pointhe opportunity and the obligation bodily Presence upon the earth, to settias, let us give thanks to Mr.

of enlightening and uplifting his subdue wickedness and reign in Joel Poinsett, the man who saw students and, for the teacher in this righteousness in company with all them, loved them, and brought them

Church, the responsibility is even who shall have become His. to the United States for us to enjoy.

1112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Message of the Angel But still, as those early carolers he is a God of intelligence, not of sang, they hardly knew this Prince ignorance. He loves his modern

( Continued from page 1039 of Peace. They sang hosannas to his children, even as he did his ancient

name but had lost the true underones. So he determined to try to

"It came upon a midnight clearstanding of him. save them—by giving them anew, the

When Christ was born in Bethlehem They had the scriptures. They true meaning of the coming of his

While shepherds watched their could read the Christ story in the Son on that first glorious night when flocks by night, Bible, and many of them did, but the angels sang and the shepherds "With wondering awe The wise men their eyes were blinded, they did not rejoiced.

saw have the heavenly light. They sang How was the true knowledge of

The star in heaven springing; in praise but did not understand. Christmas brought back to the earth?

And with delight, In peaceful night, It is not pleasing to God, that his It was through the restoration of

They heard the angels singing: children should grope in darkness. the gospel in our day, through the

Hosanna, hosanna, hosanna, to his He desires to make himself known Prophet Joseph Smith. Without the

name!"to his children, that he may save restoration, the true meaning of

—Anon. them. He brings light, not darkness; Christ's birth would still be lost to

men, it would still be a mystery to the groping world.

But restoration came. God appeared once more to mankind. And

he introduced anew the Savior of (THE the world. He did so with the same SPOKEN SELFCONTROL words he had used before:

WORD a "This is My Beloved Son."( Joseph

Smith 2:17.)

RICHARD L. EVANS He had so spoken at the baptism of Christ. He had uttered those

"It Aldrich: be the these aim must cite once Winthrop more words ofWe same words on the Mount of Transagain so spoke as He

.. "1 figuration. himself. first of all rule to thatof education the citizen teach he must the Nephites: Jesus visited

control includes question, of selfcontrolThis question and is a compelling of of control attitudes; thoughts, appetites, of actions; control of of what we 3Nephill:7.)"This is my beloved son."(See

eternity. into time, point direction our livesdo with and the in which we confirmed announcements These

".. is says:There a significant sentence Locke, which from John. every all that had been said by theman must sometime or other be trusted to himself."2 When God gave us ets of old. They confirmedprophthe

our free agency, we were in a sense trusted to ourselves, and we became message of the angels.

accountable. But whenever someone does something he shouldn't, he is You remember that in the sixth

inclined to justify himself, to seek to shift responsibility, to say that pressures month, the Angel Gabriel had been or outside influences moved him to do what he did, and that he is not sent from God unto a city of Galilee, responsible for his own actions. If this were so, no law would, in fact, named Nazareth, to a virgin eshave any force or effect because essentially we would be saying that we poused to a man whose name was

cannot be held accountable. Some become enslaved with compulsive Joseph, and the virgin's name was

habits or yield to appetites or to improper actions, and plead that they are Mary. And he said, "Fear not,

helpless before their habits—that they are compelled, persuaded; that tempMary: for thou hast found favour

tation was stronger than their will to resist. But we can choose. We do with God.

choose—in many things—and we can choose in others also. We can break "And, behold, thou shalt conceive

bad habits; we can acquire good habits; we can choose what we think by in thy womb, and bring forth a

the sheer determination to do so. God has given us our agency, the right son, and shalt call his name JESUS.

and obligation to choose between right and wrong. This is one of life's "He shall be great, and shall be

prime purposes, and the person who says he hasn't selfcontrol is saying called the Son of the highest:

something much more serious than he supposes—because if we can't con- "... that holy thing which shall

trol our thoughts, we can't control our actions—so how could we be trusted be born of thee shall be called the

in any situation or assignment. The commandments are still in force. So Son of God."(Luke 1:3032, 35.)

are the laws of life, the laws of health, the laws of the land, and they must On the plains of Palestine, Jesus be lived. Blessedly we can repent; we can turn from a wrong road. But asked, "But whom say ye that I am?"

we are responsible, we are accountable for our thoughts, our words, our And Peter answered: "Thou art the

actions, and we must have the character and the conviction to keep selfChrist, the Son of the Living God."

is it unless Carlyle, "is worthless saidcontrol. "Conviction,"16:1516.) converted (Matt.

in liberty law."4 soul in selfcontrol, thy into conduct."3 "Confirm Thy the Samaritan woman at When

said, the that the well Mes- "I know

Action Voluntary and Governmental Compulsion in Democracy, delivered at Winthrop W. Aldrich,

Christ,"is called siah cometh, which 16, 1939. University, August Columbia

Locke, Some 2John Thoughts Concerning Education. the Master in reply said: "I that Carlyle. to 3Accredited

4Katherine Lee Bates, "America, the Beautiful."speak unto thee am he."(See John

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia 4:2526.)

Broadcasting System, October 6, 1963. Copyright 1963. On that first Christmas night, the

DECEMBER 1963 1113 angels sang not at the birth of some "All things were made by him; tions of men we of the restoration

child destined to be a great teacher, and without him was not any thing now see Christ in his true light.

a great rabbi, or even a prophet. made that was made."(Ibid., 1:1-3.) The Son of God.

They had never sung for any prior He created the heavens and the The Creator of all things.

prophet. They sang this night to earth, and all that in them are. The Savior of the World.

the Son of God. But who else is he? And why did he come into the

But who else was he—besides He is the Savior, which is Christ, world?

being the Son of God? the Lord. Not just to save us from our sins.

He was the Creator of heaven and A Savior—from death. Not just to break the bands of death.

earth—A Savior—from sin. But to help us to become perfect

"In the beginning was the Word, A Savior to help us to become like even as our Father in heaven, that and the Word was with God, and our Father in heaven. we may have all that the Father

the Word was God. Then what does Christmas really hath.

"The same was in the beginning mean to us? Then what does Christmas mean

with God. No longer blinded by the tradito the Latterday Saints?

It means the birth of the Savior.

It means the establishment of his

Church in the Meridian of Time.

It means a restoration of the gospel in our day, after a long night of darkness.

It means freedom from death—DECISIONSAND SELFCONTROL glorious of resurrection—assurance

immortality.

It means meeting loved ones who have gone before.

RICHARD L. EVANS It means the preservation of family ties for all eternity.

Further on the subject of choices, decisions, and selfcontrol: Sometimes It means the exercise of the priestwe complain that we are victims of environment. Sometimes this is so, hood and power of God in our day.

but not always as much as we sometimes suppose. It is true that environIt means the hope of exaltation in

ment has much to do with the decisions and actions of men, but in any the presence of God—the opportuenvironment there are opposing forces, and in any environment there are nity to become like him.

choices. In any environment there are those who reach higher and those That is Christmas.

who drift lower. In any environment, good or bad, there is a choice Is it any wonder then that the

between greater things and lesser things, between better things and worse angels sang? They understood, they

things, and in these respects men do decide for themselves; men do deterknew, and they rejoiced. Shall we

mine direction. Shakespeare said: "God has given you one face, and you not also rejoice? Not in the worldly

make yourselves another."1 We do in many ways shape ourselves by our elements, the manmade kind of

decisions. We can choose in some degree in any environment, what we Christmas. But rejoice in Christ the

think, what we do, what we don't do, what habits we have, and to the Lord, and in his gospel and in his extent that we can, we are responsible for these choices. And when people truth.

justify lack of honesty, lack of morality, or lack of ethics on the grounds that they are acted upon by something outside themselves, they are merely "Joy to the world, the Lord has saying what every person could say, or might say when he fails to do come.

what he can do or should do. If we were predetermined to be certain Let earth receive her King."

things, or to do certain things, no one could be held accountable for anything, ever. There are pressures in life. There always were. We are always acted upon, as we in turn act upon others. We are always influenced ALPEN SONG

by others as we in turn influence others. But this doesn't mean that we BY BEULAH HUISH SADLEIR

have any reason to run through life rudderless. "Men, like rivers,"said

line of least the following Fletcher, crookedDr. Harvey "become by to Christmas come bring you 2 toresistance."thee behind me, / has say, "Get or other everyone Sometime plains; lone Judea's From

Satan."Said George Eliot: "We can only choose whether we will indulge I come to bring a starbright sky,

ourselves in the present moment, or whether we will renounce that, for the The joy a birth acclaims.

sake of obeying the Divine Voice within us—for the sake of being true

to all the motives that sanctify our lives."3 This is the substance of self- I come to bring you Christmas

control: choosing whether we will indulge ourselves in the present moment, From a town where once remote—

willor Voice the Divine whether obey we organ tuners alpen tune within us. Blessedly, we can An

will. lives for the better, ourchange if we teacher a with note Matched s poem

So beauteous soundappealing, Shakespeare, Hamlet, act iii.

2Dr. Harvey Fletcher, If I Were You. So reverent in its might,

Kieorge Eliot (18191880), English novelist. The song that once from manger

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia came

Broadcasting System, October 13, 1963. Copyright 1963. That silent, holy night.

1114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 963 BYU SCHEDULE

DATE OPPONENT PLACE

tefii U.C.LA. Los Angeles

Angeles -DeT. 7 U.S.C. fcos

Dec. 12 Okla. St. Provo

Dec. 14 Air Force Ac. Provo

Dec. 20 Rice Univ. Provo

Dec. 23 Michigan St. PrOVO m ji...

Dec. 2630 FAR WEST Portland, Ore.

CLASSIC Jan. 2 Montana U Missoula, Mont.

Jan. 4 Montana State Bozeman, Mont

Jan. 10 New Mexico Provo

Jan. 1 Wyoming Provo

Jan. 18 Denver Denver, Colo.

Jan. 25 Utah State U Logan, Utah

Jan. 31 Utah State U. Provo *

Feb. 1 Denver Provo Jk

Feb. 8 Univ. of Utah Salt Lake CM

Arizj Feb. 14 Arizona State Tempe,

1 Tucson, Ariz. Feb. lft U. of Arizona

*fl I Feb - 22 Univ. of Utah Provo

K Feb. 28 Arizona State Provo

m Feb. 29 U. of Arizona Provo

1 Mar. 5 New Mexico Albuquerque, b

Wyoming Laramie, Wyofj

d<:

mmtmmtm BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY BASKETBALL FOR THE 13TH CONSECUTIVE YEAR THE BYU GAMES ARE

HEARD ON KSL RADIO. PLAY BY PLAY BY DEAN BENNETT

coaches corner presented by Deseret Federal

Tip off time andKSL &o/k> 1160 ON YOUR DIAL

DECEMBER 1963 111S GIVE YOUR FAMILY The Church Moves On (Continued from page 1030) A GAS CLOTHES DRYER succeeding Elder Mitchell.

g| Bountiful East (Utah) Stake, FOR CHRISTMAS the 383rd now functioning, was organized from parts of South Davis

Stake with Elder Rendell N. Mabey

sustained as president. Elders Melvin J. Hodgkinson and Duane B.

Welling were sustained as his counselors. The stake was organized

under the direction of Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve and Elder William J.

Critchlow, Jr., Assistant to the

Twelve. Typical of many of the

growth areas of the Church, this section has sustained a stake division on an average of every five and onehalf years since the ending of

World War II.

Elder Lloyd R. Hicken sustained

as first counselor to President C.

Wallace Rollins of South Davis

Stake, succeeding Elder Alma D.

Eakle, who was sustained as patriarch to Bountiful East Stake. Elder

Asael T. Sorensen sustained as

second counselor, succeeding Elder

Hicken.

Here's a gift the whole family will enjoy OCTOBER 1963 for years and years—with clean, fresh The annual conference of the

laundry week after week—plus all the Relief Society of the Church

time saving it provides. convened today in the Salt Lake

Tabernacle. This evening a recepAn automatic Gas Clothes Dryer is 20% tion for stake and mission officers

faster than any other kind and costs less and board members was held in the to operate. Relief Society Building.

Departmental Relief Society sessions were held in the TabSee your Gas Appliance Dealer buildingsernacle andthroughoutin selectedthe city.church

general semiannual conference this Gas is Best for of theThe one hundred thirtythird Church opened morning

Clothes Drying at Shortlyten in theafterSaltelevenLakeo'clockTabernacle.at the

morning session, President Hugh B.

Brown was sustained as First Counselor to President David O. McKay

and Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner of do it today the Council of the Twelve was sustained as Second Counselor. Elder

Thomas S. Monson was sustained as

a member of the Council of the tomorrow's way Twelve. (See November Era, pages

933,936.) A genealogical session convened this evening in the Tabernacle.

Missionary reunions convened in OUNTAIN FUEI various parts of the city. SttPPlY COMPANY

-NoCuaM Got Sewcce,-

1116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Please allow three to four weeks for delivery. This offer void in any territory where prohibited. Offer expires December 31, 1964.

You can send the bottom label from any bag of U and I Sugar for any of these offers.The offer you wish does not have to appear on the bag you send in.

DECEMBER 1963 1117 These Times (Continued from page 1035)

- The social meaning of Christmas has always been apparent. The

"Hallelujah!"chorus is still sung, and

no one thinks to fear or oppose it as an argument for either anarchy or world government. But the distance from the ideal and the apparent, to the real and the practical,

is as far from St. John's New

Jerusalem (see Rev. 21) as conYEARS temporary Moscow, London, Hong

Kong, Peiping, or New York.

How do we begin moving Moscow, Peiping, New York and Our

Town toward the New Jerusalem?

What can Christmas do for the needed consensus of mankind based on the notion of the free individual, on Hamlets who want more than to be?

Consider the angel's message:

1. "Fear not."The consensus that

will include the peace of Christmas, the freedom of individuality, begins with faith; faith that such can be

the case. These are "good tidings

2. to however, message, has The A FRIEND of great joy."

still out; go wider and wider must

extend the consensus of Christmas—YOU CAN BANK ON "which shall be to all people."Via

Telstar? To the convincing of Jew,

wherever you are! gentile, communist, every nation,

kindred, tongue, and people? By

Whether you live in Salt Lake every honorable means. Such seems

to be the case. Not as the Crusaders

City or the other side of the conceived it. But, in the words of

world, you'll find a friend you can yv fSS Joseph Smith, by the power of truth;

social systems producing under bank on at safe, sound, reliable his each individual which may have Zions First National Bank. I "equal, coherent, and indefeasible

rights."Among other things, this

\( is why the lights on the Christmas

Your principal account, your Our first account was opened by tree shine, and why we sing:

"nest egg", yOUr trUSt aCCOUnt Brigkam Young on October 1,1873.

"The heavenly star, its rays afar, on will be in the hands of the kind every land is throwing, of people with whom you feel a And shall not cease till holy peace ZIONS in all the earth is growing."natural friendship—a trust.

We shall all need to "throw"FIRST outward a little more light in Open your account in person these times.

or by mail. NATIONAL

When you say that you've troubles

The name you can.Dxi.JN A. on! I'mAs greatforcedas tomyadmitown,that it's true;

70 East South Temple, But consider the fact that

Salt Lake City, Utah Mine happens to me!—

102 So. Main 235 So. Main 450 So. 2nd West Cottonwood Mall Kearns 8th West and 21st So. While yours merely happen to you!

Author unknown

1118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A. FOR STUDENTS... excellent study Bibles

with Concordance, Readers'Aids, full -color illustrations and maps. Presentation Page, Family

Register. Words of Christ in red.

230C Black imitation leather, semi- $3.50

overlapping covers 231CZ Black imitation leather, zipper $4.50

236CZ Same, in white $4.50

232C Black genuine leather, semi- $7.00

overlapping covers, gold edges 238C Same, in red with morocco grain $7.25

B. FOR YOUNG FOLKS... valuable keepsakes,

excellent Bibles for study. Small, handsomely

bound, with fullcolor illustrations, selfpronounc- ing type, Presentation Page, Family Register.

Words of Christ in red except in Rainbow.

603 Children's Rainbow Bible, $2.75

fullcolor cloth covers (no family register) 654Z White imitation leather, zipper $4.00

656Z Same, in black $3.75

676 White imitation leather, $3.25

semioverlapping covers

C. FOR PERSONAL USE... beautiful, slim

Heritage Reference Bibles with Concordance, center column references, Readers'Aids, illustrations and maps in color. Presentation Page,

Family Register. Printed on ultrathin IndoText

Imperial. Words of Christ in red.

859C Red genuine morocco, semi- $10.95

overlapping covers, gold edges (no illustrations)The greatest gift of 857C Same, in black $10.95

covers, gold edges overlapping

BIBLEalL.aWORLD 85 1C Black genuine leather, semi- $ 7.95 prefer and all who D. PEOPLE OLDER FOR King James Version

Print Reference print Large... Heritage large

No gift is more meaningful or more cherished than the Holy Bible Bibles with extra clear, extra large, selfpronounc-... especially at Christmas. ing type. Concordance, center column references,

And none is more beautiful than a World Bible... handsomely Readers'Aids, fullcolor illustrations, color

bound, colorfully illustrated...printed in clear, selfpronouncing maps. Presentation Page, Family Register. Words

of Christ in red.

type on World IndoText, loveliest of India papers.

Available in editions suitable for all... at your dealer's now. 956C Black genuine leather, semi- $12.75

overlapping covers, gold edges 957C Black handgrained morocco, $21.50

semioverlapping covers, gold edges

THE WORLD PUBLISHING COMPANY Cleveland 2, Ohio 952C Black imitation leather, $ 7.50

Bible Publishers to America limp binding

DECEMBER 1963 1119 BArVt"

I MELCHIZEDEK 0% r PRIESTHOOD i

Two seventies, apprehensive but recognizing their duties, are able to make an appointment with a nonmember who "would like to know more about the

Mormons."THE MISSIONARIES AND THE NEW YEAR

As the new year dawns and 1964 moves forward, the Lord's command to each to warn his neighbor many people, not now members of the kingdom of takes on greater possibility. We are all expected to

God on earth, will hear the gospel preached to them. cultivate the neighbor, become his friend, and across

In times past, within the memories of many of us, the fence ask the golden questions. However, this

this responsibility lay on the shoulders of a relatively will be augmented by the seventies of the stake who small band of young men who were sent forth to will give intensive search in the neighborhood for distant parts. Few were the members in those places people who will listen. Dates will be made for the

to help the missionaries. As rapidly as converts were missionaries to call and explain the principles

made, they prepared to go to Zion. of salvation.

Things have changed. Now in many parts of the This work of finding investigators will require some

world are enthusiastic members, permanent residents, training and preparation. The art of making friends,

bound together in their common purpose into stakes of persuasion, of getting firm appointments will be and wards. Their buildings and chapels are available. taught, learned, and put into practice in the seventies

People may now witness some of the results before quorum in the stake. Then the quorum area will be

they taste the fruit. its field of operation. Constantly a group of quorum

Methods have changed, too. As we gain strength, members, led by their presidents, will be searching.

Evening after evening men will cultivate this fertile field. And, finding interested people, will turn them

REMINDERS FROM THE GENERAL HANDBOOK OF INSTRUCTIONS over to the missionaries for instruction in principle

Interviews and Reports of Returning Missionaries: and practice.

returnedHereafter missionaries will in not report stake By now, December, every quorum of seventy in theconference. stakegive their They should report to the

presidency and high council before any speaking assignChurch should be on its way in preparation and arements after made, which they may be invited to speak training; choosing its men, training them in the things

theirin meetings. ward Sacrament own

Returned missionaries who have presented their honthey are to do, outlining territory to be covered, orable releases to the stake presidency be should assigned listing names of people and information about them.

highto accompany in their councilmen visits to as wards home missionaries, permitting them to preach the gospel Then on January 1, 1964, this corps of men will to the people. swing into action with, during the year, a resulting

p. 37 great increase in the numbers, who having heard, will believe, and accept the plan of salvation.

1120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A party invitation brings the family new acquaintances and friendships, which associations are vital to their integration as active members of the ward organization.

The family—like so many others—become

aware of the gospel and its meaning in their lives through the discussions and teachings of the missionaries visiting their homes.

After January 1, 1964, the priesthood home teachers So the challenge is to the home teacher:

will become known in the home of every family in First, to learn all he can about the family.

the Church. Second, to seek by knowledge and prayerful thought

Much has already been written and spoken conthe best way to meet a given situation and improve it.

cerning this vital program, but in the final analysis Third, to accept from the bishop the challenges just what will be the primary objective of these priestwhich are to the bishop's mind important and to work hood bearers who will make necessary visits and work at them with might and main.

with each family? The alert home teacher will also notice that the

We have learned from experience in the mission challenges which he will be expected to accept and field and in the wards and stakes that one of the best solve are concerned with the life of the family and of ways to motivate this to activity is by the challenge. every individual in it. Attendance at Sacrament meetIndeed the home teaching program is basically a ing and the auxiliaries is plainly evident and gives

program of challenge—(the invitation accompanied some indication of the inner desire of the man. It will

with sincere concern to do better—to go higher). be noticed that there is one column, No. 11, which is

The first great challenge that we know anything about labeled "other challenges."Here the home teacher is

was outlined by our Heavenly Father who, upon on his own. If he is humble and prayerful, the Spirit

providing an earth for man to dwell upon, issued this will whisper to him of something yet undone which challenge to his spirit children: ought to have been done. We mention one only:

"And we will prove them herewith, to see if they The relationship of a father to his sons; of a mother

will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God to her daughters: Is communication open between

shall command them."(Abr. 3:24.) them? Is it of a kind which will carry the children

And then follows with the declaration concerning over adolescence, pure before the Lord, with a testithe glory of those who keep their "first"and "secmony in their hearts? There are many others which

ond"estates. form the fundamental basis for love of the gospel

Truly enough, it is often the case that a challenge and love of the Lord.

given to a teacher and relayed to the one to be perFinding these, assisting gently with solutions, joinsuaded, under the right circumstances, gives him just ing the family in their march toward eternal life—that

the incentive he needs, and he responds to the chalis the grand challenge. May the Lord God help us

lenge himself by meeting the commitment. to meet it like menl

DECEMBER 1963 1121 THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE

BY CLIFFORD I. CUMMINGS

If I were you, I would indeed be very grateful to my Heavenly Father for the opportunity of spending my lifetime here on the earth at this very exciting period of world history. I would also want him and

my family to know how wonderful it is to be a member of his Church and to have the principles of the gospel available as my compass while I travel the pathways of life.

One of the most important things for young people to recognize is that this is indeed a time in their lives when there will be many types of conflicts, some of which will be quite significant. These conflicts will develop from various intellectual, social,

and moral situations which occur in the lives of young people. Those who have a desire to develop and

strengthen their testimonies of the gospel find they **IF I are able to do so when they apply the basic principles of the gospel in attempting to resolve these conflicts. WERE A few months before my fifteenth birthday, I be55 came a convert to the Church. I was the only holder

of the Aaronic Priesthood in our very small branch YOU in the mission field. Thus I did not have the opportunity, which most of you have today, of companionship with other members of your quorum and of

church scouting and MIA participation.

Approximately eighteen months later, I entered one of the major technical colleges of the United States.

Here I found more conflicts than I could possibly imagine which served as rugged tests of my rather weak testimony of the gospel. Not unlike many of

1122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the teenagers of the past and present, I was soon in the Creator."We agreed that indeed those who

busy measuring the gospel against the social, moral, only gather scientific facts are no more than the and intellectual standards of men rather than measurtechnicians of science while those who search for ing these standards of men against the principles of the fundamental truths and an understanding of why the gospel. I had not yet learned that God is not we are blessed with these marvelous and abundant

on trial on this earth, but that it is we as individuals creations are the real scientists of this world and who are being tempted and developed. from among them we find a very high percentage

It is very important for every boy and girl in the of religious men.

Church to be a keen student in both school and church No matter what you expect your life's work to be, courses. We need to learn the difference between it is essential in this modern world that you underbeing a skeptic and having an inquiring mind. We stand many of the scientific principles and facts

should try to do our best in all our classes with which are known today. You should not shy away

emphasis on learning fundamental principles. In this from them. If I were you, I would first develop a

dynamic world we have a tendency to stand in awe good base for my testimony through study of the at the unbelievable discoveries and inventions of man scriptures and active participation in all phases of as he "discovers and applies new truths."Most people gospel education and church participation. Then,

fail to recognize that truth has not changed—only standing firmly on this base, I would seek to obtain

man's understanding of it has improved. Too often, a clear perspective of scientific findings—to realize

at such times, he forgets to "Praise God from whom they are an imperfect but very effective attempt to all blessings flow."identify and describe evidences of the basic truths

Last fall when I visited in the home of Dr. Wernher which are all a part of God's plan and his creations.

von Braun in Huntsville, Alabama, I talked to him This, I testify to you. If I were you, I would want

about his experiences and impressions when he that testimony, too.

visited Salt Lake City and his thrill when he played the Tabernacle Organ. The conversation led around Clifford I. Cummings, counselor in the Pasadena (Calito where he asked me the question, "Why do you fornia)sion Laboratory,Stake presidency,Californiais InstituteemployedofbyTechnology.the Jet PropulOne

suppose there are so many scientists who do not beof his latter assignments was Lunar Program Director.

lieve in God and do not profess any religion?"Later Heof defensehas beenin ontheassignmentPentagon, toandthea officerepresentativeof the secretaryto Nain the conversation he rather summed up his feelings tional Aeronautics and Space Administration, Washington,

when he said, "I do not see how a man who is really D.C.from HeCaliforniareceived Institutea bachelorofof Technologyscience degreeandinattendedphysics

searching after truth can look at the wonders of life Harvard and MIT Radar schools. He is a senior member,

and the marvels of space and when observing all of InstituteSociety andof RadioAmericanEngineers,Ordnancea memberAssociation.American RocketElder

these wonderful creations not have an equal interest Cummings is married and the father of four children.

DECEMBER 1963 1123 What really is Christmas?

Just a bauble and bow To receive and to own?

Oh no, that's not so—

Its depths are much greater.

This Christmas we cherish.

It's that of a child.

A child without guile With a heartfull of trust And eyes brimming over With wonder and awe.

Both arms are outstretched, Hands open in giving, Nothing held back, No sense of low lust.

Tears near the surface Laughter climbing and climbing

Goodness overlooking All darkness and hate.

Christmas is freedom To love and to live To worship with choice And walk tall and straight.

What really is Christmas?

It is color run riotous, a rainbow

Trailing from heaven to earth.

Its purples—reminiscent

Of kings and high places. delightfu; Its blues—hues of sky.e

At dawn and at midnight Stand honest and true.

Then the yellows and gold All richly blending Life's depths transcending And last and the best Its reds and its greens.

Christmas is brilliant:

Red berries and Santas With each shade of green On trees tall or tiny. Its wreaths

Allencircling the house into home

Christmas is home Where someone cares so II. After Skating Supper

Completely. Where loving is constant, for a Snowy Hot mulled tomato

And peace is supreme. Night soup floats*

Christmas is wonderful. Golden Rabbit* Turkey, cheese,

Christ's day and ours Canned pears with nuts avocado kebabs

Merry Christmas to all—and ginger Toasted sesame rounds

And peace be on earth Hot chocolate Fruit cake and candy

Goodwill to all men.

1124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christmas is also food—food to live by and really to enjoy. Holidays are an invitation to share

the hospitality of your home with friends and family. This can all add up to work if you make it

so, but this needn't be the case if you plan carefully ahead of the holiday season. Why wouldn't

it be a good idea right now to sit down with a pencil and paper and work out a few party menus.

Then make a list of staples and goodies to store away on a top shelf. Label this space, "Party Time

Foods for Fun This Christmas Season,"or "Hurry, Hurry Shelf."

Let's spend a few minutes planning a menu or two.

.:: lift

/e of Christ**1*

III. Fireplace Picnic V. Cherry Luncheo

Turkey Tetrazzini* IV. Holiday Buffet Turkey Pilaf*-

Raspberry Jewel Canadian Casserole* - Cranberry, cherry mold

Salad* Waldorf Salad Date bread

Celery sticks, olives Hot rolls Peppermint Ice Cream

Pastel Divinity—see Raw vegetable plate (topped with a green

Era, Dec. 1962 Christmas pie* cherry.

DECEMBER 1963 1125 *GOLDEN RABBIT on the bottom of the pan. Fold in with whipped cream and nutmeg.

the pimiento and parsley and pour Makes 8 servings.

1 can (IOV2 ounces) condensed toover toast. Makes 4 good servings.

mato soup *TURKEY TETRAZZINI 1 can condensed cheddar cheese *HOT MULLED TOMATO SOUP soup FLOAT V2 pound package spaghetti

V* soup can milk 1 envelope French's Italianstyle 2 tablespoons chopped pimiento In a saucepan, combine 2 cans conspaghetti sauce mix 2 tablespoons chopped parsley densed tomato soup, 2 cans con- 1 cup turkey or chicken broth densed beef broth, 3 soup cans 2 tablespoons chicken fat or butter

Heat the first three ingredients towater, and dash ground cinnamon. 1 cup evaporated milk

gether. Be careful not to let it burn Heat, stirring occasionally. Garnish 1 can (4 ounces) mushroom pieces

2 to 3 cups cooked, diced turkey

V* cup grated Parmesan cheese

Cook the spaghetti according to packaged directions. Prepare spaghetti sauce mix, using turkey broth

fat according direcTHE CONSTITUTION: NO NATION and to package

EVER HAD ITS EQUAL tions; add evaporated milk, mushrooms (including the liquid) and

the turkey. In a 2 quart casserole,

RICHARD L. EVANS arrangearound spaghettithe sides onof thethebottomcasserole.and

We cannot let an anniversary of the Constitution of our country go by Pourand theoverturkeythe saucespaghetti.into theSprinklecenter

without reminding ourselves of some of its significance. It was given us with Parmesan cheese. Bake in a

at great cost. No nation ever had its equal before, within the memory of 400 degree F. oven until lightly

man, nor has it been exceeded since in what it has done to make possible browned. 6 servings.

the full free living of life. It was the culmination of centuries of struggle

is stillfor of freedom and the bulwark men. freedom among And may *RASPBERRY JEWEL SALAD

it silently see intent. never whittled interpreted out ofwe "Democaway or

racy,"said C. A. Dykstra, "is not something which can be inherited. It 1 package raspberry Jello

is a process then conwhich reworked must and be worked upon upon 1 frozen package raspberries 1 thistinuously."Furthering said: "It thought, Fisher does George not J. 1 diced large banana

make much difference to me as an American what sort of Latin or spelling IV4 cups boiling water or study; algebra our will learn they boys but I do hope what Democracy V2 cup coarsely chopped pecans

it.... shouldis and within a zeal There have developed be we them why

for our homeland and a reverence for its basic traditions and institutions.... Dissolve the Jello in the boiling

Youth must be trained to live in a Democracy."2 "No people have ever water, add the frozen raspberries,

knowingly voted away their freedom,"said General Harbord. "They surand stir carefully until they are unrender it—for an emergency only, so they think.... There is especially an frozen, add the banana and pecans.

inclination feel to ourselvesAmerican blessings deep that our down inside into molds Turn set. Serve, reand

is "It to'just happen'fate see their of the indolent..."3 but the common from move mold on endive.

rights become a prey to the active. The condition upon which God has

given liberty to man is eternal vigilance."4 "... every citizen should remem- *CANADIAN CASSEROLE

ber that liberty for the individual did not just 'come to pass.'It has been

won, step by step—and dearly won—through the centuries. It can be lost—6 slices of Canadianstyle bacon,

and dearly lost—in a fraction of the time to build it. It can slip away cut % inch thick

through unnoticed infringements upon the individual rights—step by step. 2 cans (1 pound 7 ounces each)

If great numbers of our citizens cease to believe deeply in individual libsweet potatoes, drained erty, tolerance, selfrespect, and selfreliance; if great numbers of them cease % cup milk

to thrill with thankfulness for the inestimable freedom they enjoy, we may 1 can 8% ounces seedless grapes, lose these priceless privileges—even as citizens of other nations have."3 drained

We cite this fervent petition from an inspired source: "Have mercy, O xk cup brown sugar

Lord, upon all the nations of the earth; have mercy upon the rulers of our V2 teaspoon salt

land; may those principles, which were so honorably and nobly defended, 2 tablespoons melted butter

namely the Constitution of our land, by our fathers, be established forever."5 V2 cup chopped pecans

Training1C. A. Dykstra, The

Training2George J. Fisher, Ourof YouthLeadership,for thedeliveredWorld ofat Tomorrow,the Universitydeliveredof Texas.at a Kiwanis luncheon, Mash the sweet potatoes. Add milk

New York City. and blend thoroughly. Stir in

3Major General tarian States,J. G.deliveredHarbord,at UniversityThe Relativeof PositionVirginia. of the Individual under Democratic and Totaligrapes, brown sugar, salt, butter,

4john Philpot Curran (17501817), Irish Judge and Orator, quoted by General Harbord. and pecans. Spoon into a IV2 quart

5D&C 109:54. casserole. Arrange Canadianstvle

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia bacon slices on top. Bake in 350

Broadcasting System, September 15, 1963. Copyright 1963. degree F. oven. Will serve 6 people.

1126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A gentle reminder: Zee is a very soft (and very economical) toilet tissue.

DECEMBER 1963 1127 FAIRYLAND CL'JU/JUff-i-NANO\/f\As\AAsy*s bucksten * CHRISTMAS PIE f BY DOROTHY 1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin

PIANO FAIRYLAND Yz cup sugar IS BEAUTIFULLY Ya teaspoon salt

V4 cup water ILLUSTRATED AND Yz cup lime juice

IN FOUR COLORS 4 egg yolks 2 teaspoons grated lime peel TEXOWASHABLE HAS ITS Drop or 2 of green food coloring COVER. PRINT

TEACHING METHOD IS 4 egg whites

INDORSED BY UNIYz cup sugar VERSITY MUSIC PRO 1 cup whipping cream—whipped

FESSORS. 1-9 inch baked pastry shell

Mix well together the gelatin, sugar, and salt in a pan. Beat the egg

PIANO FAIRYLAND is an amazing new yolks, lime juice, and water; stir

system which develops imagination, into gelatin mixture. Cook and stir

fine creates lasting habits of good and fascarefully over medium heat just following while piano technique a cinating story. It is a scientific, psyuntil mixture comes to a boil. Rechological and systematic approach move from heat and stir in the

of actual years backed by 20 peel. experigrated to green coloring Add

ence. IN PERIOD A OF SIX MONTHS

tint. give a pale Chill, green stirring CHILD A RETAIN LEARN CAN AND

THE EQUIVALENT OF TWO YEARS OF from time to time until mixture will

ORDINARY TEACHING. mound slightly. Beat the egg whites

It enables Mothers with very limited until a soft peak forms. Add the

understanding of music to start their other sugar Yz cup beat until and children in music. FIRST RESERVATION stiff. EDITION—the gelatin Fold into mixture

satisfied, ar* completely Unless you the egg whites. Last, fold in the return within 10 days for full refund! Send check or M.O. fsorry. no C.O.D.'sl $4.95

whipped cream. Polka dot top with

PIANO FAIRYLAND, 7917 W. THIRD LOS ANGELES 48, CAUF. fo/todhir. quartered maraschino cherries. Store

in refrigerator. Gives 6 large pieces.

A TOTAL ELECTRIC UNIQUE DIGNIFIED 'TURKEY PILAF 1 cup Fancifood Wheat Pilaf, unGOLD 2 tablespoonscooked butter 1 can cream of chicken soup MEDALLION 11 packetcup waterspices found in package 2 cups cubed turkey A COAT OF ARMS Yz cup grated cheddar cheese HOME FOR YOUR FAMILY NAME Buttered bread crumbs

HERALDIC WALLSHIELDS 14"x 10"$39.95 Saute the pilaf in the butter until

10"x 7"$29.95 golden. Stir in the other ingredients.

8"x SW $24.95 Bake for 20 minutes at 350 degrees

DOUBLE lOVi"x \2W $49.95 crumbsF., sprinkleandwithcontinuethe butteredbaking breaduntil HAND PAINTINGS the crumbs are toasted—about 10

(Gilt Framed) 14"x 10"$24.95 minutes. Makes 4 servings.

10"x 7"$ 19.95

SILICATE CHINA PLATES Hurry, Hurry Shelf 8"did $11.95

A wonderful new 4"dm $9 95 Condensed soups—for sauces, soup THE SKILLMAN CO. cups, and casseroles.

way to live P. O. Box 4111 Variety of crackers—to serve with

SAN FERNANDO CALIFORNIA dips Mayonnaise "LANI OF HAWAII"Dehydrated soups Crab JEWELRY, SEEDCRAFTS, CORAL UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO. BLACK Shrimp GIFTS Mfg. & SOUVENIR HAWAIIAN

Buy now from your deafer wants Sales Representatives to sell or to Deviled ham buy Direct for any FUND RAISING PROJECT. Write to LANI OF HAWAII, Box

18, Volcano, Hawaii.

1128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cream cheese For dips Grated Parmesan cheese S tutted olives, etc.

Canned ham Canned crab Canned shrimp For casseroles Canned tuna Canned chicken Baked beans

In the freezer weeks ahead of time:

Sweet roll rings, hard rolls, rye bread, onion rolls, cheese straws

Cookies Date and nut bread, etc.

Extra ice cubes Chili Dressing for turkey

DIAL "O"FOR SAFETY

By Roger W. Dana

Moms and Dads teach your children to dial zero. To children, the telephone operator should be as wellknown and trusted as the corner

policeman. Although a young child

long to memorizecannot be expected they can be DISTINCTIVE WEDDING NAPKINS numbers,telephone taught one rule: If something happens, dial zero, tell the operator spaing "ilver, only *2.00 pQY 100

what is wrong, and she will help plus 50tf per order for mailing in U.S.A.

you. A RECEPTION INVITATIONS,

asleep won't and mommie's "My ALBUMS, ACCESSORIES in up, a fire and there'swake our S.piemb, 1964 j

plainfive-yearold'shouse,"was one operChoice of white, pink,. **-"to a telephonetive message

j3 S 3 ator. After a little prodding, the yellow,orchid. Popularblue, green,4%x4%"or bevercii

operator learned the little boy's age size. Two lines printing or one

name and address and called the fire large initial. All American and Canadian

department. There was no mistake. L.D.S. Temples. Temple design reception invitations

Firemen found the house on fire and inFREEraisedcataloglettering,and samples.100 for (Catalog$8.95. Alsosenttempleairmailalbums.for 25tf.)

the mother in bed sleeping soundly.

Both survived, thanks to the little REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 83440 child's action.

Another youngster, whose mother suffered an accident in the house, IN SALT LAKE... STAY AT THE FINEST

went directly to the phone and and in Salt Lake the finest is the Se Rancho Motor Hotel. So

dialed zero. He could not rememclose and convenient to everything. Just minutes from downber his daddy's name or where he town, entertainment, industry, hospitals and clinics, and

short off inlived, he rattled but resorts. individual phone, winter 24 hour Each room boasts:

his of address theorder and name service, music, recorded hifi message new and switchboard called operatorgrandparents. The

offstreet parkwith radio antenna and power ample TV and child's address, and got thethem, to all central travel depots. is also your ing. Se Rancho Make minutes. in a doctor onhad the way

.. visit Salt to next Lake enjoyable Se Rancho more. Make invery are operators Although

genious in tracing calls from a small your home away from home.

fry, such procedure is a waste of JUST 4'/2 BLOCKS WEST OF FAMED TEMPLE SQUARE precious time. Encourage your

SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTELSALT LAKE 640 WEST NORTH TEMPLE

DECEMBER 1963 1129

SALT LAKE CITY'S 7U**4t otel *

At HOTEL child to memorize his name, his father's address. and name 0M &M& TEMPLE SQUARE don't have a phone in your If you

MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS home but have access to a pay phone, don't forget you can't get the

DOWNTOWN RATES: operator without a dime. Keep one,

SINGLES $6.00 just for emergencies, taped to a spot

DOUBLES $8.00 known to everyone in the family.

TWINS $10.00 Be sure your children know how to

insert the money and can reach the phone. The life they could save

could be theirs and yours.

Because We Love ( Continued from page 1042 That was the word Linda said FREE Drive /NParking hospital,when sheandcameshe askedhomeMama,from "Amthe

I adopted? That's what all the Clarence L West, Manager

PHONE EL 5-2961 kids say."

75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Then Mama leaned way down over the bed and smiled. "Do you

know what adopted means, Linda?"

When Linda didn't know, Mama said, "Well, it means that your new mama wanted you very much, even more than lots of little girls'mamas want them. It means she loves you

very much."

Now Nancy remembered the happy look on Linda's face. Then

Mama started talking about other

WHERE lookthings.just lovely"Linda,"withshethat said,ribbon"youon.

Your hair is very pretty."

Nancy wished she could be YOU adopted, too. She wished Mama

I LIVE... would fix her hair like that—but

maybe she couldn't, because it was so straight.

Now it was almost Christmas, and name the children at Whittier School PLEASE SEND

FREE ADDRESS hollywere berriespaintingtopicturespaste onofthetreesschooland

HOME STUDY CITY STATE house windows, and making camels bells chains. and paper And CATALOG TO... TO: HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah andthere lots was snow on the ground,

of it; beautiful white shiny snow

that like glistened the beads 11 rr sweater. Mama's It sounded crunchy

it. you walked when on But even

beautiful the BURNED OUT more on Christmas were

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY trees that sparkled all up and down

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, the"Notstreetmoreat night.beautiful than the store

with tremendous added expense before you find windows,"Michael said, when dinanother. ner was all finished.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance And then Daddy asked, "How to cover today 9s higher values. about it, kids, have you done your

Christmas shopping yet?"

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY my"I allowance,have,"Chrisandsaid,Linda,"usedtoo.up Sheall

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

1130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Cranberry had a great time, but Nancy wouldn't go. She's funny. She's jealous.""Christopher Meeson,"Mama said, (hristmas

"of course Nancy isn't jealous."

"Oh, yes, she is, she's jealous. Justmopes around. Can't make up (partes!

her mind."... said anything. Then Tender flaky cookiebuns Nobody Yeast Fleischmann's with easy close to and leaned DaddyMama norising this noknead, and new that couldwhispered nobody words

recipe! refrigerator

"... a-justlike hear,quite hard

In cool to lukewarm. Scald milk: 1 cup

..."ment. flour, unsifted large cups 4 bowl mix XA

Nancy didn't like Chris saying cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teathose mean things. She wanted to spoon grated lemon peel. Cut in 1 cup

say something back to him, but Fleischmann's Margarine until like dissolve 1 package meal. Nowmostly she wanted to cry. But you coarse

Active Fleischmann's Dry Yeast don't cry, not when you're seven and cup warm water (105115F.). inWithVa

a half, even if it hurts. And where it flour mixture blend yeast, milk, two beaten eggs. %

Cover dough tightly: refrigerate for

GIFT days). (or to GODS 2 2 at least up hours When direcin opposite twist strip of each ends

filling. In a pan prepare KEITH to KOZIBA bake, BY ready greased seal. to tions. ends On Pinch

cranberries, l'/2 finely chopped cups mix to strip of each top sheets shape baking trees as the raisins, Vs drifting through cup Vi sugar, Vi cupDawn, cup rest of dough with cane. Repeat form

Vs honey, cup Pecans, Planters chopped takes over the night!the sun 400 1015 min- F. at filling. Bake and

peel. Over orange grated teaspoons Wi sit I the magic grass with watching the Frost Cool. on done. until or utes

for boil; to cook a bring heat medium frosting. sugar confectioners'God, and of Cool. 5 minutes. about

I am filled with all that is life. Divide dough in half. Roll one half

I watch the animals and hear the into 18"x 15"oblong. Spread with half

birds sing the songs that God gave of filling. Fold dough into 3 -layer strip

them. 15"long. Cut into 15 strips. Holding

1 walk to the sea and wonder at the ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS sight of such creation, a thing that can he made only by a master Creator.

I turn to the rear and can see the THE CENTER OF Nf mountains tall and majestic, and I CONVENIENCE -ycf am overwhelmed by it all.

I see color as fantastic as one could T fc. NEW AMERICA

imagine, put here for man, painted Cooeq4320 BEAUTIFULMOTELROOMS by God.

I behold the wonder of night as I gaze at the once blue sky now dotted with stars, and soon I get weary and must rest and thank God for all he has given me. salt lake city

hurt, Nancy couldn't quite say—some

place inside. She didn't want to 2ux*w/ hQmA Iawum taatat pootj

cry—but sometimes the tears won't

stay where they belong. And this

time they wouldn't. They just kept

GIFT IS EXTRA SPECIAL THIS THAT FORcoming down on her face.

is brilliantly plain. More clear and REAL MY GOD IS Then Mama said, "Nancy, come adequate scriptural evidence combined with convincingthan

here, my dear. I have an idea. reasoning that God is a reality, and that He, and the Son,

distinct personages. separate and are Holy the Ghost and go shopping tomorrow,Suppose we

only, so this Bible Holy the scriptures used are from The Mother."and just you the Church, not of friends are gift for those ideal who is an

"Not anybody else, not even as well as for those who are. Wonderful for group gifts to

Linda?"young and old alike.

Publisher's Special else. Just you and "Not anybody Offer:. 75c each, of, 25 or more. 50c. each..in.lots dozen,; or $7.00 per like things haven't done me. postpaid. We postpaid.

in the time. this increased emphasis the We'll for a together long with Utah, Smithfield, who cordance AIDS, Published IDS by

adequately accurately, and record to Church genealogical wonderful also new publish lesson, off for music her drop Linda information the search, and the you materials helpSHEET. A tremendously RESEARCH WORKthe 11, x Size searching. your get from you 8V2 together."we'll shopping go and sheet selfexplanatory work ful, saving, time per 35c book. for Only 3-ring note punched

inexperienced both researchers, list for genealogical nicest thing price the for free 100. Nancy Write was That per $2.50 dozen,

and oldtimers. Reverse side has selforganiz- and free samples of genealogical forms and

ing record of the sources you search, in acteaching aids for the Church.

LDS AIDS - 10 North Main, P. O. Box One, Smithfield, Utah

DECEMBER 1963 1 131 had heard for a long, long time. came back to the doll counter all the

Maybe Mama did love her just like money was gone but fifteen cents.

FOR YOUR CHURCH she used to. Maybe she didn't love Nancy hoped that would be enough

'*> SCHOOL CLUB Linda most because her hair was money to buy a toothbrush for Chris.

* # * * # didn't curly to need and unbe IT BRITTLE, a Ml snarled day. and every braided y Sometimes Daddy went -mamm-.Hne B&sA1 away IT'S EASY! FUNI ITS to say nice something She wanted from for things home like of your every conventime 10 members S50.00 CASH

sell Pea10 to OldFashioned she of didn't cans each group because but Mama, tions, but not ever at Christmas at Brittle can. per $1.00 nut said, laughing, Chris Linda was and size cost time. quart cans your The PROFIT! 100% he And at when was home,

$1.00! only 50c all each—sell corn."pop tell he could the stories. best Everylc! 100 "Let's Order INVESTMENT! forEVEN NOT groupNO

It to 30 days send to with today. shopping fun cans to Take up 500 was Mama. listened, body and even Benny number name, phone your payment. Give see, to so toys There were many etc. address, stayed address, the complete title,name, and a little awake while.

officer, quantity of group, of* name 2nd deso many bright colors, so many "Let's sing songs,"Chris said that nearest Office Freight (no parcel sired, and things cost. before, seen sent never Extras to cover had Nancy FREE very night same the when Christmas ONLY!shipping TO OPEN GROUPS OFFERpost). at time. Christmas even Then Mama all tree was trimmed with shiny red IE-2 Dept. COLLIER, to different store VERNE a of the part went balls lights and star the and cutouts. 3, St., Ala. N. 19th 900 Birmingham JV choosing could all the do so Nancy All the songs were about Christmas,

by herself. about the manger and angels, or

The counter where the dolls were about snow. Even Benny clapped

standing up or lying in open boxes his hands when they sang, "Jingle WHEAT MILL Nancy thought was the nicest place Bells."

ONLY of all, better than the place where When nobody could think of any $695 there were drums or trains or toys more songs, Nancy said, "Now let's There down. that jump up and have a story, story."a Christmas

eyelashes big dolls with POSTPAID were and Daddy knew that meant ANYWHERE for him tails, fluffy dresses pony with IN THE it. tell and to story, Christmas "A well, STATES UNITED slippers. petticoats, white There and let's see,"said, he and he coughed a grinds or Cracks soft dolls that were rubber baby little corn wheat, and took and a book the from down

all kinds of hard in water, wouldn't you put they and shelf. in Everybody living the was grains, soft or

ORDER fire BY MAIL 1 VlGUARANTEEDlbs. per min. rubwere offlittleordolls.get spoiled—andThe big ones therewere room,in the andfireplace.there wasAnda thencracklyDaddy

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS beautiful, but the little dolls were began telling the story and pointing so cute. Nancy took one out of the his finger to the pictures on the

Its box. shut, eyes could open and pages. said the very He names PEHRS0N HARDWARE it hair, hair, curly black and had plainly so Michael could understand 21 Salt Lake City 15 So 1 1th East,

like Linda's. nice be It would to—like Bethlehem and Judea—and

nice to keep it for herself. There came in the sky the night baby GENEALOGY buy the doll for Linda. It would be told about the very special star that

Jesus born. was read words He PHOTOCOPIES wasn'tsure, toenoughbuy twomoney,of them.she Shewas didn'tquite from the the about book wise A SPECIALTY want to ask Mama what to dowho came from a far country menand

like think maybe would Mama gifts brought to wonderful the Lowest Prices, Fastest Service, Chris; that couldn't she make up said, baby. And then Daddy "Do

Highest Quality her mind. you children know why the wise

She opened her small red purse. men brought gifts?"Write for complete price list and supplies

to mail your pictures in. There was her saved allowance—"Sure,"Chris said. He knew the

$2.15. But there was a big family story off by heart. But Daddy went INKLEY PHOTO CENTERS now to buy presents for. She right on anyway. "They brought

Custom Photofinishing Lab counted on her fingers, so as not to the nicest presents they could think 2486 Washington Blvd. Ogden, Utah miss anyone. "Six,"she said. of because they wanted to show

Some of the toys, like a ball for that they loved Jesus. After all,

Benny, would be only ten cents. Jesus was really a gift to the world—

for cost so Crayons wouldn't Mike gift the best the very could world forIN USE SEVENTYnVE YEARS like big a handkerchief much, but possibly have. Father Heavenly in treatmentAids of Canker, simple used, big a very powder and Daddy his the to gave world because Son throatsore minor and other for mouth puff cost more. would Mama the loves he Jesus gave world—and irritations. throatand little it if doll, did a even Why all life for his of us because he

HALLS REMEDY ninewas cents?so cute, have to cost eightylovesThatus."was pretty hard to underSalt Lake City, Utah "That's about a dollar, with the stand, but Daddy said, "Anyway,

tax,"the saleslady said. at Christmas time we divide what

"I said, "but know,"Nancy others with have because we it's we in binding Eras your Improvement Keep by them cute."so things, love share our them. and We

for only $2.50. Available binders. Era now

all tied love, then the give our always green box but was And we we to or check order your Send money up in red ribbon, and when Mama have plenty left. This is the way—

135 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah

1132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the only way to Christmas."curly hair was—so that is just what She had never had a Christmas like

When the story was finished, she would do! And if you put the this before. Then she found the

Nancy slipped quietly into their lid on fast and tied the ribbon tight green box which was almost lost in bedroom—hers and Linda's. The you wouldn't look at the doll again. the wrapping papers.

green box with the red ribbon was Then very neatly, in her very best Even before she took off the ribstill under the bed where she had printing, she would say: "To Linda—bon she read all the words printed

put it. Carefully she opened the with love from Nancy."on the lid. And then she opened

lid. There it was—the little doll Nobody noticed, they were so the box, and her eyes got bigger

with shut eyes and curly hair. noisy everywhere, when Nancy and shinier than ever. "Oh,"she

Eightynine cents worth of doll! slipped the box under the tree. said, and she lifted the doll right out

She would keep it for herself—it was Christmas morning was the merriof the box, and tipped it back and

so cute. And yet, hadn't she made est time of all—everybody in bathforth so its eyes would open and

up her mind in the living room when robes and slippers; everybody saying, shut. Then she looked at the

Daddy finished the story that she "Merry Christmas!"The fire in the ruffly petticoat and said again, "Oh!"

would give it to Linda? She would—fireplace so warm, and the tree all You could tell without trying that

but it still would be nice to keep it. twinkly with lights and popcorn and she did think it was cute, and she

Maybe Linda didn't like little dolls the cutout stars. liked it an awful lot.

so very much. Maybe she wouldn't "It's an oldfashioned tree,"Mama And when she had put it back

think it was so cute. Maybe Linda said, "and it's beautiful!"into the box, she jumped right over

wouldn't care about its having little Then, after the presents were Mike's train and almost bumped black slippers on. No. She would opened and everyone said, "Oh"and Benny over. She put her arms

keep it for herself. "Thank you,"Daddy helped Michael around Nancy and squeezed her

But why did Daddy have to say with his electric train for a long hard. "Nancy,"she said, "I'm so

in so soft a voice, all those words time, and he puffed on Benny's horn. glad I'm your sister—for always, and

about sharing things? It would be Then he stood up and said, "This I like your present best of all."

easier to keep the doll if he had is what I call a Merry Christmas, Nancy wanted to say, "It cost a just ended the story with the wise a shelter over our heads, plenty of lot—eightynine cents."But she

men and didn't say, "We share what food, and a house full of children."didn't. She just said, "I love you,

we have because we love."And Mama said, going around and too, Linda."

If you shut your eyes you could giving everybody a kiss, "And plenty She didn't need to say any more put the lid on the box without seeing of love for everyone."words. She felt so warm, so happyagain how very pretty the doll's But Linda seemed happiest of all. deep inside.

For Your Most Memorable Christmas! $1 4E...

KEYSTONE 8mm ZOOM MOVIE OUTFIT * Zoom Camera with Grip LOOK AT All ** ReelAutoThread& Can Projector* Cartoon * Movie Scene Record Bk.

ALL FOR JUST

::::::::::::::::::::;:::;:v;;:v:;:vix?,iTitEvi; s149 95

10 *A AUTOTHREAD PROJE Nothing Down... Only $2 Week

Use same film tactoor& Forward, still, reverse, fast rewind picture, Brilliant cool running Satisfaction Guaranteed Come In,: '. llllll"

Phone or Order by Mail

our greatest color movie value ever!

Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center St.

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

DECEMBER 1963 1133—HICKORY FARMS OF OHIO—

I "BEEF STICK"Jfe "No Pepper""No Garlic"Vinegar "No "No the religious scrupulously respect Pork"School Prayer Cases

The DELICACY DELICIOUSLY students of the various persuasion DIFFERENT-A MUSTthat is for GOURMET enthusiasts and SPORTSMEN because (Continued from page 1050) and at the same time offer an of its long lasting FRESHNESSUN-

USUAL FLAVOR. "Featured at Seattle opportunity for each of them to

Fair."World's

"Guaranteed Satisfaction and the supervision of publicly paid enlarge his horizons by learning

Safe Delivery"teachers. The first two of these something of the faith of his fellows.

—No Charge for Mailing—important elements would not be This might be accomplished if the

100% PURE BEEF present in a practice of individually students in the class took turns

Hickory Farms of Ohio composed prayers offered as a respecifying how the class should Division Western school P.O. Calif. of each spend the 3306, first minute Box Nuys, Van of the sult free choice of the

lb. sticks ea., includ- 4 beef are $5.98 prayer day. Those who desired unit. or all ing classroom student mailing. individual packing Send and

order. check or money else offer or have someone of could direction addition, under the

Please sticks beef ea. In @ $5.98 typical prayer offer a of their own teacher a plan a wise and tolerant Customer Old NewshipCustomerme

To: might be worked out that would denomination. Those who did not

"Don't Forget a Friend This Xmas"

"CADET"ELECTRIC [THE FREEDOM, CHARACTER, AND

POWERED SPOKENWORD EDUCATION 8mm

MOVIE CAMERA Thismany electricprinciplespoweredfound 8mmin modelsmovie costingcamera muchhas RICHARD L. EVANS

more.

It has an electric powered film transport systhat eliminates winding. country,tem Constitution last of our we week's on the Following comment

twosetting simple a exposure system It has on subject views and cite to turn to a related some should like todaythat focusing. eliminates

andIt is darkequippeddays. with shutter adjustment for light democracy and freedom, on character and education. "In a democracy,"

It uses standard 8mm roll black and white or said Winthrop W. Aldrich, "it must be the aim of education to teach the

color film.

It is constructed of steel with leather accents. citizen that he must first of all rule himself, and that in ruling himself

penlite batteries which by two in he performs forget act he whatever walk of life that every not must local set hecan It is bepoweredpurchased at any store. One This in other his community. affects every ultimately person be,furnished with camera. may

$19.95. Send check our economic true population increases increasingly as our and becomes

Calif, residents send or4%moneysales order.tax. of a democracy complicated. political The citizen life becomes more and

THE SKILLMAN CO. above all others must never be permitted to forget that 'he who ruleth

P. O. Box 4111

SAN FERNANDO, CALIFORNIA himself is greater than he who taketh a city.'One of the great weaknesses

of our democracy is that most of us are unwilling to accept the primary responsibilities as citizens of exercising this individual selfdiscipline....'"1

In his essay on Politics, Emerson said that "... the form of government

which prevails is the expression of what cultivation exists in the population which permits it..."2 and that too much law is an abuse of government and that the antidote to this is the "influence of private character...."2

"Let us hope,"added Aldrich, "that... we will be able to chart our course

so that... we can use voluntary action more than compulsion, selfcontrol

more than law, a growth of public responsibility more than legislative en-

L. D. S. VISUAL AIDS actment, education more than force. In a word, that through wise educaEVERY LEADER, MEMBER, INSTRUCTOR, tional policies we may be able to preserve our individual liberties and OFFICER WILL APPRECIATE ANDA. The Lehi Tree of Life Stone in miniature. not succumb to any form of tyranny or collectivism.... If we can implant

inches, cast Hydrocal. in durable Free7x9 dein our people the Christian virtues which we sum up in the word character,scriptive booklet by M. Wells Ph.D., Jakeman,

B.Y.U. included $5.00 of the line should which a and, at the knowledge give them same time,

B. Facsimile the 2 from No. "Pearl of Great in action a democracy,... compulsion voluntaryPrice,"between and cast in drawn Hydrocal, inch 7 circle. Hangs on be

wall $2.00 and what can be accomplished within the stern laws of economics, weC. Ancient Hebrew oil lamp, replica $1.00

D. oil Ancient replica, Roman lamp molded at their from retain to time them will freedom, and the same enable make them

inlamp excavated Sardinia 1 $1.00 their of things free.""do own were meant to worthy to be manyCalifornia Men residents tax. All sales add 4%

except Life of Tree free. sent postage will all in to freedom will"3 free not and be "commanded things"3—but as follows: postageAdditems, Calif. $0.50, Western

U. S. $0.75, Eastern U. S. $1.00. only be preserved as we live within law—and learn to keep the

order direct Send to commandments. ENTERPRISES, CHARITABLE EL MONTE

P. O. Box 3844-R, So. El Monte, Calif.

1Winthrop W. Aldrich, Voluntary Action and Governmental Compulsion in Democracy, delivered at

Columbia University, August 16, 1939.

POP!! HEY! AND MOM

your something newWant 3See D&C Politics.58:27, 26.

hernot give a LITTLE forSUGAR COOKIElittle gal?COOKWhy 2Emerson,

receive will She FRY? SMALLBOOK for an in- "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia full of adventure year,stallment a for a month

stories, recipes, suggestions for table decoraBroadcasting System, September 22, 1963. Copyright 1963.

tions, aprons, etc. with directions for making

them. Binder included for only $4.75. For further information write

LITTLE SUGAR COOKIE, Bx 1128, Boulder, Colo.

1134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA care to have prayer could use their prayer cases. Yet if the influences tone

turn to call for a patriotic hymn or a of secularism do permeate teachings minute of silence, or even to read in our public schools—and there is in the

from something like Bertrand Rusevidence that they do—a oneminute

sell's Why I am not a Christian. stateprescribed religious ceremony finest

endless. of the variations at the beginning are school dayThe to tradition classes, insufficient certain With certainly be in some comwould

munities, or under the direction of offset their influence.

certain teachers such a plan might If all school prayers are now promote discord and disserve the banned, the secularistic influences interests of religion and civic moralmust be attacked directly. And,

ality. In other circumstances it paradoxically, the most powerful

might promote devotion and moralweapons for such an attack are the ity and also serve the educational school prayer cases themselves.

objective of informing the student The essence of the Supreme about and teaching him tolerance Court's ruling was that it constitutes for the views of his neighbors by a forbidden "establishment of reliexposing him to the various religious gion"for the state to sponsor (and influences in approximately the finance) publicschool time devoted same proportion as they exist in his to promoting religion. The Court

community. also indicated that the word religion, theWorshipful,traditioninspiringof the world'stone in

The major constitutional obstacle as it is used in the Constitution, great organs for every requireis the danger that these daily periods includes all varieties of belief, irment.. in every price range.

"religious,"secuas religious well as characterized as a religious bewould tonal for a Visit our studio carexercise, as denominational. laristic as unquestionably well being Allen the of 20 demonstration

ried on in public buildings under Therefore, the school prayer cases... "the organ that sounds

the supervision of public employees. make it unlawful for any publiclike an organ"

This contention would be offset to school time to be used either to or thatthe extent of derogate religion to promote the proponents the use SUMMERHAYS MUSIC because This is practice it secularism.the could show that

served real educational objectives. of school time for either of those 3719 South State

Whether such a plan could ultipurposes would be an establishment Salt Lake City, Utah mately be held constitutional is of secularism, agnosticism, or atheimpossible to predict with certainty. ism just as the use of school prayers

If there is no constitutional way was held to constitute an establishthat prayers can be said in the pubment of denominational religion.lic schools, we should consider The principle just discussed is imFILMS

whether the objectives of school plicit in the court's holding. The

prayers accomplished can be by explicit the rule court also made by AND PRINTED per roil principal obother means. Some stating religion the that repeatedly

jectives of school prayers are (1) to of secularism could not be estabFor any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B A W Roll inculcate belief in God and to invoke lished, that the government could JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll his blessings; (2) to elevate the not "inhibit"religion, and that the

reinforce tomoral atmosphere and take action could not government COLOR FILM of teachings thethe moral relationship beto the respect educawithtional system, and (3) to offset the tween man and religion to "aid or DEVELOPING secularism permeating or retard."21 to the public oppose, advance KODACOLOR 19school curriculum. the Therefore, same procedures that 8-Exposure

The first objective—inculcating bethe Supreme Court has approved to Dev. and PrintingRoll $2.55 rollper

Roll 1 2-Exposure perlief in God—is primarily the province bar school prayers—suits for injuncDev. and Printing $3.00

of the home and the church, and tions or mandamus by taxpaying Color Reprints 20c eachroll many religious people believe that parents of the children involvedit is not a proper objective of a comcan now be used to eliminate secuCOLOR SLIDES

Slid es perpulsory public school system. The laristic influences from the public 201 35exp.,mm ColorDev. and Mount $1.35 roll

second objective—promoting moralschools. 1 35 mm Color Slid es per

ity—can be accomplished by the This is not meant to suggest that 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

schools in apublic variety of ways, will attacks such on secularism be Color8 mm, Movie25'Roll $1.35 rollper state- a brief, compulsory,of which easy. Litigation prois invariably

authored, It will public prayer may be the tracted and expensive. PHOTOS be GENEALOGY

effective.least in these cases complicated by the NEGATIVES MADE of OLD

It is the third objective—the comdifficulty of gathering suitable eviPHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS

batting of secularism in the curricudence of the objectionable secularof NEGATIVE, 4c each influences. to evidence This has loom isticlum—that seemed coin only - will Send no C.O.D.'s

millions influences if thelargest in the to assemble of the thoughts be easy Guarantee MoneyBack who have protested the schoolare incorporated in textbooks or

SAM'SP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt lake City,LABUtah

DECEMBER 1963 1135 Do You Want Security in Your Home?

Should your power or gas fail THERMORITE regular practices (like the statesE.g., Cantwell v. Connecticut, 310 U.S.

Miracle "The Glass Enclosure"303 Hamilton (1940); v. Regents, 293 required school prayers ). It will be 296, with coal, will heat front your like rooms a U.S. 245, 262 Gitlow (1934); v. New eoal stove. This is the modern terribly elusive of enjoyif the objectionable way York, U.S. 268 652, 666 (1925); fireplace. Meyer ing your

influences are concealed in the Nebraska, 262 U.S. 390, 399 (1923). v.

choice of curriculum or emphasis oil 4370 U.S. at 42529.

various subjects, or if they only apHdem at 42930.

at 435. 6Idem in pear the occasional disparaging

at ndem is quotation 436. The from of remarks a teacher who is hostile Madison's famous Memorial and Remonto religion. strance against Religious Assessments. In

The court's task in such a case will discussing this same point in the second schoolprayer cases the court recalled that difficult, unusually be too. Such

First the "did not Amendment simply bar litigation cannot permitted imbe r to a congressional enactment establishing a Thing of "A Beauty, Economy and Safety pose of a straitjacket censorship it on church; all forbade laws respecting an in Treasured Everywhere"Fine Homes

Write or Phone for Free Colored Folder the teaching of subjects whose conestablishment of religion."374 U.S. at 220.

SALES at U.S. 430., 8370 Q tent theories and 4817 appear at odds MBlvd.THERMORITE lMN$"Holladay Salt City, Utah

at U.S. 213. 9374 8-8811 Phone or CR AMLake63310 individual's with an understanding in Available glass, leading furniture at build215. 10Idem and in original.) (Emphasis

ing stores supply the intermountain area. of his religion. court only can at A 21920, 222. Idem FULLY inGUARANTEED

at 216. 12Idem require that publicschool instruction

not depart from the formal informa13Wem at 222.

YOU CAN RENT IT! tion and theories of the curriculum ldem15Idem atat 226.224. See Zellers v. Huff, 2136

by making attacks, comparisons or P. 2d 949, 954 (N. Mex. 1951), for an

of the public schools its introand ligious doctrines fairly that can be nation RENTS of duction HOWE observations about religion or reexample of a case where one sect's domisectarian teachings, literature, as motivated oppoby RENTALS characterized prayers, images, holidays, SALES AND etc. caused

sition or hostility toward denominacourt to conclude (in ordering the prac-a tices tional religion that stopped) or to a Mexico by attempts had "New Chairs Beds—Wheel Catholic school Roman system supported promote the philosophy of secular-—Crutches Commodes public its funds within by public school ism, agnosticism, atheism, or any system."

Tables—Chairs—Dishes other creed. 374 U.S. at 225.

Punch Bowls—Grills The judicial branch in our system 17370 U.S. at 437.

Silverware of government operates within nar18The majority opinion states: "There is

of course nothing in the decision reached limits. initicourts row not do The

is here that inconsistent Forklifts Tractors with fact the—

ate controversies. rule only They that schoolchildren others and officially are Trucks—Air Compressors

legal on questions that are to encouraged brought express for love our country All Tools Types reciting historical by as documents others. such before recent In them by

Salt Lake City years certain groups of citizens, inthe Declaration of Independence which 2375 South State 4860055 cluding the atheists, agnostics, etc., containing officiallyreferencesespousedto theanthemsDeity orwhichby singin-

Ogden litiinitiated the schoolprayer who clude the composer's professions of faith 1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414 Being, or gation, a Supreme that with the fact in in very active have been there are manifestations in our many publitigation sponsoring to probe the lic life of belief patriotic or in God. Such limits outer of their constitutional ceremonial occasions true bear no resemrights. The devout citizens who blance to the unquestioned religious exerhave deplored the results in some cise that the State of New York has

of these cases have seldom undersponsored in this instance."370 U.S. at

taken to press their own rights by 435secondn. 21.schoolprayerAlso see thecasesdiscussionin the textof folthe

presenting their arguments in a form lowing note 9 supra.

appropriate for judicial intervention. 19The Board of Regents offered the New

There are large numbers of York prayer as a means of combatting risjudges, on the United States Suing"America'sjuvenile Moraldelinquencyand Spiritualand of passingHeritageon preme Court as well as on lesser to our youth through the public school courts across the country, who will system."See Kurland, "The School Prayer

be just as astute to employ the Cases"in The Wall between Church and requirement of nonestablishment Statestate of142,Maryland147 (Oaksargueded,in 1963).the secondThe

against the religions of secularism, schoolprayer cases that the exercise was agnosticism, and atheism as they meant to promote moral values, perpetuate

THE PERFECT GIFT have been against the denominations our institutions, and counteract the materialistic trend of our times. 374 U.S. at cases. affected school prayer by the For MEN or WOMEN

223."lead. take the LAPEL But the courts cannot 2374 U.S. at 220.

or This is the task of individual parents 21 374 U.S. at 222, 226; Passages quoted

TIE TACK and taxpayers. in text at notes 10 and 16 supra.

Professional made Sterling Silver FOOTNOTES Inlaid

WITH YOUR CHOICE OF:

English JetBlack Blue Turquoise Engel v. Vitale, 370 U.S. 421 (1962). And they shall also teach their chilRed Coral 2School District of Abington Township dren to pray, and to walk uprightly

$2.25 v. Schempp, 374 U.S. 203 (1963). before the Lord. (D&C 68:28.)

(Special Group Price) MICKELSON JEWELRY CO.

Rt. 1, Box 351 DURANGO, COLORADO

1136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mm I

DECEMBER 1963

Pi Ml MARION D. HANKS, EDITOR

ELAINE CANNON, ASSOCIATE EDITOR

s&ci rfeii#";:..,;..,..,....,, S*>

Jesus lives. double meaning to Latterday

He is the Son of God. Saints.

This LDS youth know. One of the best gifts we could

They have felt his influence in give you at this joyous time is their lives. the opportunity to know the

They have seen the wonders Prophet of God better. To

of his works. learn of him is to learn the

He is at the head of the lofty ways of spending the

Church to which they belong years of youth. To learn of

and was seen on the right him from youth who mingled hand of God by its founding with him is a privilege that

Prophet. This Prophet, is yours this month.

Joseph Smith, was born May the joy of this season in December. be the sweeter because of this

Celebrating Christmas and portrait of a prophet who commemorating the birth of knew God and his Son

Joseph Smith give December Jesus Christ.

By Elaine Cannon

v\

"Ifll

Xli

.;.-...,,...

..;; *;; J

5J%.

::;0..

'",,, '- 5.; "'

f /I

Portrait of a Prophet

By TRUMAN G. MADSEN, Ph.D.

PRESIDENT, NEW ENGLAND MISSION

A life that has become a candle of the This challenge was met. From the

Lord is a life all would wish to see organization of the Church with six more clearly. Such a life was Joseph striplings whose average age was 23,

Smith's, a life of monumental through the selection of a Council of splendor. Twelve whose average age was 28,

Suppose we could summon together to the call of two 19year-olds to risk a set of youths in their teens or early their all to attend and report the twenties. Suppose they could begin conspiracymeetings against his life,

again the century and a half past at the Prophet was surrounded by a the very side of the Prophet in allworthy core of young men and important events of his life. And women.

suppose we could charge them to record their insights into the Here are some of their written

Prophet's spiritual makeup. impressions.

J

.....,rs5 ff

sisa &m/j* * JRH aJMr

LViimiflrHinuiia""—

/ r Jm

Hmm*. \::-m, %k

<: i<3 s.** > * MM

flfii:/

p-

FIRST IMPRESSIONS

3 - "*

They came from around the world, wore no whiskers,"and that, and saw him in a variety of roles "Altogether he presented a very their descriptions of the Prophet formidable appearance being a man reflect their own background of gentlemanly bearing."The

A 13year-old lad; small for his age, daughter of a wealthy Southern

family, an accomplished watched the Prophet during the horsewoman, admired the Zion's Camp march. He idealized

Prophet's mastery of his black his strength and says he was horse, "Old Charley."And a

"a tall, wellbuilt man."

girl of literary talent who left her home at 16 to come to Nauvoo, says

A convert girl, age 20, was "His majesty of appearance was most impressed by "his blue eyes, something wonderful. You would

light hair, and very fine white think he was much taller and skin."A convert from the Quaker much larger even than he was."

movement observed that he was And later she wrote not as "sedate and serious"as his brother Hyrum and noted that "There are no pictures of him he was "always so neat."A lad extant that I know of that

from England impressed with compare with the majesty of

British royalty observed that "he his presence."

-I I—":

L,**!*. f! L

fI

A BLEND OF QUALITIES

-O 1 Lookingpersonalitymoreanddeeplycharacter,into histhey portray a remarkable blend of

qualities.

They speak of his solemnity in U7 sacred circumstances, yet are pleased at his great wit, repartee, and hearty laughter. J?S*

They are inspired by his powers "sr of spiritual concentration. They

say he often bowed his head in deep reflection. "Why don't you

hold up your head like a man?"

asked one youth. The Prophet

>- m simply pointed to some ripe grain, bent under a full head. But they

,.: are equally struck by his

versatility in changing pace: He

could move from studying Hebrew 1&WHT or Greek or counseling to playing >W ball or quoits, jumping at a mark, or pulling up stakes; and back

again. At 16 Samuel Miles

recognized his "easy, jovial appearance when engaged in sports,"but also his "firm dislike of that which was degrading."

They describe him as a rugged outdoor man, often in rough clothes or in coats with thin elbows, A to be found haying, (young

I

I i \Jf L

I Wm

Joseph B. Nobles learned about the They speak of the dizzying

restoration while thus working at depths of his teaching and, with his side) or choppingor shooting. Horace Cummings, say the

Yet Emmeline Wells recalls his Prophet always showed an great love of poetry, of "the unsatisfied anxiety to grand in nature,"Hiram Clawson communicate his experience.

his delight in drama. And And so the list continues.

Wandall Mace says his love for They found:

sacred music was unmatched. He

wept when a small congregation A man so tender that he never sang, "Glorious things are passed a child without speaking.

sung of Zion."A man of *MMM

"indomitable perseverance"who

They bask in the power of his was also "ceaselessly forgiving."

testimony which "seemed to shake A man inclined to silence and the earth"in meetings where, seclusion with his own thoughts

James Palmer tells us, even the (sometimes, say youths who:!-. &&

children observed "the most boarded at his home, he leaned profound silence."They say he back on his chair and was almost

"had the appearance of one that lost to his surroundings) but was heaven born while preaching."also inclined to such soulful

Yet they record his honest brotherhood that his wife, Emma, confessions of need. observed, "He can never eat

without his friends."A man so

They comment on his manly eager and full of zest for life that endurance and lamblike submission his very presence, say the Pratt to divine impressions, even when it brothers, was "soothing, "wrenched his very heartstrings."

comforting, nourishing."But a

But they also speak of his lionlike man who with his superlative rebuke followed by reassurance blessings also endured unspeakable of love. "I am determined,"he suffering

once said to some who interpreted his cheerfulness as winking at A man who led like transgression, "while I lead the Moses, spoke like Peter and wrote

Church to lead it right."like Paul.

'-: -e-::-:.;8:,:v

L fW tl *"Wi55jiSjjji

"ppf ***** M v\ m

THE SWEEP OF HIS SOUL

And as they grew closer and older knowledge."Mercy R. Thompson,

what do they say about his mind young wife of the Prophet's and spirit and heart? scribe, says

They say that he was "To him all things seemed simple "as unassuming as a little child,"and easy to be understood, and whose kindness was "as though thus he could make them plain to we had all been his own brothers others as no other man could and sisters."Yet they stood in that I ever heard."

increasing awe.

Of his spiritual penetration.

Of his mind: Emmeline Wells, a "I felt when in his presence that

precocious girl who tried to he could read me through and listen to his every word, said, "He through,"says Jesse N. Smith.

was beyond my comprehension.""The joy that filled my juvenile

Jedediah Grant who delivered soul (was) a foretaste of many missionary sermons before heavenly things,"says one.

he was 18, says: "He could take

It seemed as though the gates of the wisest of the Elders and heaven were opened, and a living circumscribe his very thoughts."

stream flowed directly to him.

Edward Stevenson, 14 at his first meeting (later an assistant Church Of his warmth and love:

historian), says, "I began to Seventeenyear-old William Taylor believe he possessed an infinity of spent two weeks with him while

L (emr 'i—csas /

7Z

in hiding. "I have never felt the

same joy and satisfaction in the companionship of any other person."Returning home each gSTM<MTJ **

night after tramping through the fkjF woods Joseph often called out, "Here, Mother, come David and Jonathan."John L. Smith was 15

when he made a forced march IS with a segment of the Nauvoo p;:;::f-:i: '

Legion to protect Nauvoo. He

looked up from a log where his feet left blood marks to see the

Prophet in tears. "God bless you,

God bless you, my dear boy.

"The sensation and impression,"..,:*

he says, "can never be forgotten."

Joseph once hugged his cousin.

"George A.,"he said, "I love you

as I do my own life."George A.

was overwhelmed. "I hope,"he

finally said, "my whole life and actions will ever prove my feelings and the depth of my affection for you."Many would have died

in the cause. And some did.: IS

Here then is the sketch of Wm the man and the prophet. KHtoJflBp**

But do they give us any guidance in the sources of his greatness?

Yes. And in each case what they

saw in him they sought to ''> emulate.

V: *$.KJi "WOT HIS MAGNITUDE IN THE PRIESTHOOD

"Let all things be done in order."at the door. Joseph welcomed

From the beginning Joseph Smith him in. He found himself asking

was an organizer. Many a youth the Prophet searching questions

saw him stand in a meeting, about honoring the commandments.

point, under inspiration, to several "God bless you, Brother William,"present, and ordain them to the Prophet said when he finished.

offices and callings in the The conferral of divine authority priesthood.

was so near and real to the When 17year-old William F. Prophet that it was breathtaking

Cahoon was assigned to be a ward to youths who came under his teacher, one of the families was hands. "He seemed to be just as

the Prophet's. He shrank from familiar,"says one lad, "with the

the role. But finally he knocked Spirit World and as well

t "V\

*a< / r ifiV 7r,-/-hA w\ sr>v/'V vl JFvi

V

ft t '

JJ 4)3Wl

/! K I...#: JHj M|l|, "

W I ** *m

y\

acquainted with the other side attempted, and in vain.

as he was here."Over and "Let the Elders either obtain the

over he taught quorums of power of God to heal the sick, or deacons and priests the law, let them cease to minister the forms order, privileges, and covenants without the power,"he said.

of divine authority.

Later, he taught them, as On that classic day in Church anciently, to persist in prayer f history when most of the until they recognized the influence community of Montrose were of the Spirit, and only then to raised from beds of cholera, declare their impressions with three youths were present with unswerving faith in Jesus Christ the Prophet. They record that and his priesthood to which

prior administrations had been "all things are subject."

II '-OH I Q

""** <sr\s vsVxrz -V * m$>$j%j*sr << X

f"4iC m

M M! i

mpmm

i

X,:S 0t*-

\; f / WO&r tti M:#.*.

a.

fc*wK

HIS SENSE OF MISSION

Tg How did he find himself? "Family glimpses help answer:

.:. Imagine yourself age 23, charged

with perhaps the most crucial,,-* task of translation in history.

?N Acting as secretary is your new

bride. At the moment you

cannot afford food, nor even m paper on which to record the translation. In these circumstances

you are inspired with a divine promise to be published to all the world. "This generation shall

have my word through you."

/V\ SeerAnd youspokensay, of"I byamNephi.the chosenI am

the son of ancient Joseph."vc

And you marvel profoundly

Joseph's brother, William, adds 4 another page to the story. On his

deathbed Joseph Smith, Sen., gave

blessings to all his sons and daughters. His father had

promised Joseph before:

"Your heart shall meditate great wisdom.

"Your intelligence shall circumscribe and comprehend the deep things of God.

iW 3 I

:n%r tar;\

"Your mouth shall utter the been abandoned by her law of the just."husband and had lost two infant

And now he said children in death. In the

"Joseph, my son, you shall even household where others, too, live to finish your work."were converted, she found him

Joseph cried out, weeping, pacing back and forth in the "Oh! My father, shall I?"living room. He had been

"Yes,"said his father. pondering, he said, the meaning

"This is my dying blessing upon of her great suffering. Then

your head in the name of Jesus."he said

In these and other ways the "Sister Lydia, great are your Prophet knew two things: His

blessings. The Lord, your Savior,

promised destiny, and its price loves you, and will overrule all willingness to sacrifice all your past sorrows and afflictions unworthy things for the for good unto you. Let your

"excellency of the glory of Christ."

heart be comforted. You shall yet

Thus when Elizabeth Rollins asked be a savior to your father's house.

him how he gained such assurance

Therefore, be comforted, and let and peace he replied, "I have your heart rejoice"the oath of God upon it."

These promises, with others, And David Osborne, a boyhood were fulfilled.

admirer, heard him say, "If I obtain the glory which I have One prophetic word often in view I expect to wade through changed whole lives. 4

much tribulation."Putting his hand on a lad

he had never seen before, He seemed to see every youth in he said to the father, terms of a like origin and like "Brother Lorenzo, this boy will destiny. He was a seer both of

live to aid in carrying the Gospel their past and future.

to the nations of the earth."

Thus, as a missionary (then 28) he "His words thrilled me like fire,"went to Canada and was the boy remembered, "and from instrumental in the conversion that hour I looked forward of Lydia Bailey, who had to the day."

M 4? M

(flic'

% i **%mN0*mM

L K HK '*.

i"ll. mini

"Forget not to pray, that thy mind may become strong...."So Moroni

enjoined the Prophet at age 17.

did forget. crests In not the He

life, in as crises of his the his query constant, Lord, > Hv was what "O V shall I do?"

J

in an assembly of Saints yTA > himDanielprayTyler, 18 at the time, heard S, 1 in Kirtland, kneeling before them. VA

"He addressed his Maker as / though He was present listening as a kind father would listen to the sorrows of a dutiful child.

There was no ostentation, no HIS POWER IN PRAYER raising of the voice, but plain, conversational tone, as a man Many who listened to his prayers would address a present friend. It

intimate, expressive—and imbued appeared to me as though in case

with the Spirit—were kindled to the veil were taken away, I

take pattern in their own homes could see the Lord standing facing and learned that the heavens His humblest of all servants could literally open. I had ever seen."

J m, a

HIS SENSE OF THE SON OF GOD same holiness and wholeness in

Christ. It is significant that

The experience of the Sacred Grove at this time the Prophet spoke jr-i went with the Prophet wherever publicly of the "perfect love"he ministered. No witness he ever of Christ, without which, he said,

bore carried more convincing we are liable to fall.

power.

The vision of the degrees of glory i'

Orson Pratt, then 20, heard him was given in the presence of at Kirtland, Ohio. Edward several elders at Hiram, Ohio.

Stevenson, 14, heard him in Philo Dibble was present. He saw

Pontiac, Michigan. Mary Home, nothing, but he was filled with the

18, heard him in Missouri. warmth and light of the Spirit.

w* He studied the faces of Joseph

But the Prophet's full experience and Sydney and heard them say of the redeeming power of the what they later wrote, "We saw

Living Christ came later and was Him even on the right hand of shared with contrite and seeking the Father, and heard the voice youths. It was the role of Christ bearing record that He is the

who sanctified and who revealed Only Begotten of the Father."

himself in the aftermath of in were blessed Those who repentance faith andgenuine forging \ Christ with relationship a living of his heart at thethat was ministry. understood Joseph's final words as

he went to his death, The Prophet called youth to the "My conscience is void of offense."

rfl

isr

rX JEA-;:.:.... "..:'.

spiritual 91 THE MIRROR Real lives reenacted fulfilment unknown to the A model is always better Christian world for nearly two motivation than a medal. This is millennia of time. "They lived for

why the life (and not just the glory, they died for glory, %?0 pronouncements) of Jesus Christ and glory is their eternal reward"

are so everlastingly crucial. And

so is any life illumined and As Joseph said just five years empowered by him. Such a life before his death,

was Joseph Smith's. These

"God hath not revealed anything segments of his life as seen by to Joseph, but what He will make youth are precious gifts.

known unto the Twelve, and even

These youths, inspired by the the least Saint may know all

Prophet of the last century, things as fast as he is able to uncover for us the promises of the bear them, for the day must last dispensation. come when no man need say to his

neighbor, 'Know ye the Lord,'Joseph Smith was superbly gifted.

for all shall know Him (who As he wrote to William W. Phelps,

remain) from the least to the "There are coming into the world greatest."hosts of the choicest spirits of all time."Twentieth century youth, Thus the radiant life was taken out this is your prophecy.

of ancient history books and put Only in you and through you lit if into flaming modern experience. can it come to pass.

.:..;. The Last Word

The bathtub was invented in 1850, o-t "Lift up your head and be of good and the telephone in 1875. Had cheer; for behold, the time is at

you been living in 1850, you could hand, and on this night shall the sign have sat in the bathtub for 25 years be given, and on the morrow come I without the telephone ringing once. into the world,..."—3 Nephi 1:13

Prejudice is a great timesaver. Every man has enough power A religion that never sufIt enables you to form opinions left to carry out that which fices to govern a man, will

without bothering to get the facts. he is convinced.—Goethe never suffice to save him.

Richest is he that wants least. Making a life comes ahead of making a living.

One thing for preachers to A miser grows rich by seemremember: The greater the ing poor; an extravagant man

spoke, the greater the tire. grows poor by seeming rich.

He drew a circle that shut me outThe difference between a neurotic, A teacher affects

Heretic, rebel, a thing to flout. a psychotic, and a psychiatrist-—The eternity; he can

But love and I had the wit to win: neurotic builds castles in the sky; never tell where

We drew a circle that took him in! the psychotic lives in them; and his influence stops.

—Edwin Markham the psychiatrist collects the rent.—Henry Adams

What you don't know takes a A sure way of getting the last word in Oversleeping will never make lot of explaining to the children. an argument is to say, "You're right."one's dreams come true.

Poets are born, not paid.—Addison Mizner Money often costs too much.—Emerson

We exaggerate misfortune and happiness alike. We are never

either so wretched or so happy as we say we are.—Honore de Balzac

President Kennedy President David O. McKay of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

issued the following statement Friday, November 22, 1963, after learning of

President John F. Kennedy's death:

"I am deeply grieved and shocked beyond expression at this tragedy.

"In behalf of the Church in all the world, I express sincere sympathy to Mrs. Kennedy, their children, and all of the close relatives

and friends.

"The entire nation feels a sense of humiliation that such a

tragedy could come to a President of the United States.

"Only a few weeks ago it was our privilege to entertain the

President, and now to think that he has gone, we are stunned as

well as shocked. It is terrible to think that such a tragedy could

occur in this age of the world.

"Our prayers go in sincere and earnest appeal to the Almighty

that he will comfort the nation in this hour of tragic grief."

vem*

%*JUt ymbolizes faith in a better world and love toward all men.

This Christmas season the star of

Bethlehem shines once more.

May the spirit of its light burn

brightly in the hearts of everyone.

We extend to all our sincerest best

wishes for a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.

INTERSTATE

[MfcCOMPANY 3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Valley View 7th and 8th Wards, Valley View Stake

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

..#

I

;-Ii*-* **"fete

ill *""*V

WAi/c m;y tote wonder, and long vigil keep,

Big brother, who's wiser, has dozed off to sleep.

May glad Christmas morning bring peace and good cheer

To legions who watch this long night of the year.

Holiday qReetfrvqs from your Beneficial Life Agent BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. VjO./ Salt Lake City, Utah