ERA

dS

JUNE, 1923

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF vv LATTERDAY SAINTS wvww

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YMXIA SALT LAKE CITY UTAH The Southern Pacific Lines ANNOUNCE THE Inauguration of Summer Excursion Rates to

LOS ANGELES AND RETURN VIA SAN FRANCISCO Tickets on sale daily, May 15th to September 30th $>48082 Three Trains Daily via Famous American Canyon Route

Stopovers allowed at all points.

Through Sleeping Cars Salt Lake City to San Francisco.

For Further Particulars, Pullman Reservations, etc., Call, Write or Phone

Us—Wasatch 3008.

41 South Main Street P. Bancroft, District Freight and Passenger Agent

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Port to any part of the United States If paid In advance, 20c extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right herd

In our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mall your order to us now and say yon saw It In the}

"Improvement Era."If order Is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light summer weight bleached 91.40

11 Light weight cotton, 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.7*

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2*25 24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

60 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 8.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

18 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white Sllklleen 3.40

18 All Merino Wool 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 04 lengths, as desired.. Longer than 04

Inches or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c extra..Garments with doable

backs 25c extra per suit..We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

We manufacture sweater coats, Jersey goods and underwear, als*< flannel shirts and Mackinaw coats.

MODEL KNITTING FRANKLTN CHRISTIANSON, ManagerWORKS 057 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah Phone Hy 51 "RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Greatest Gift

I once beheld, or was it but a dream,

The things of which I fain would speak?

The beauty and the grandeur of the scene

Dazed me, its glory made me weak;

Have angels wrought the glory I behold?

What is this light, as if 'twere fire?

Then I, in answer to my thoughts, was told:

The realms of Satisfied Desire.

I gazed upon the restless, passing throng,

And knew that none could enter there,

But those whose hearts and souls had known no wrong.

And many turned in black despair;

But one, a maid in innocence of youth,

Came near that. golden throne of grace;

Her heart had known but beauty, love and truth;

The gift of virtue lit her face.

"Take these,"said one, "the queen of wealth am I;

Adorn in jewels, rich and rare;

And grace thyself in silken robes, but why

Withdraw? There ne'er was one more fair.

With wealth thy ev'ry wish shall be a law,

In beauty shine both far and near;

Accept of these, the rarest gifts of all."

The maid replied, "It is not here."

"Take this,"cried one, "the priceless gift of fame;

Fair maid, canst thou desire aught more?

Kingdoms and nations shall applaud thy name,

Thy name recounted o'er and o'er,

Come then, why wait? Give heed to fortune's call,

'Tis thine while life doth last, why fear?

I give to you the grandest gift of all."

i She turned and sighed, "It is not here."

"Take these,"again the solemn words were heard

How turn from voice so filled with love?

She waited now to hear the thrilling] words

As if 'twere message from above;

"Take these, if thou canst pay the noble price,

Eternal joy thy lot shall be;

But thou must learn to gladly sacrifice,

And fill thine heart with charity."

"But sorrow thou shalt know, ana sometimes pain;

And poverty may seek thy door,

But multitudes will rise to bless thy name,

Great love be thine, forevermore."

A wondrous light upon her face did shine,

All doubt was gone, she understood;

"I do accept with joy thy gift divine,

The greatest gift; 'tis Motherhood."

Cleveland, Utah Kate C. Richards

>- < fe.C.0

1,11 2 is

o rw

O*'O r"rt "S

81 S 2 o or

* w -h t; h

5 H os

n 8s5c 0)3$ Hqhi *j *Ja> *5+j.cra ai

t. 01.00N j

g (Dtoggg,Cftop4>

O 0].Sc to r;ffl (UNtQQO. Cora

33 S o a*o t. "aM -a oj toi?

. - fll 2bA<n

-a5* wASI>

—<C.>i- 03 cS 5ctf cc

*?oOJta

2 d a) t. fe

.03.2to 2<u t.;Oaf

>>C>fto Ooti O 05 coC A

Vol. XXVI June, 1923 No. 8

Right Relationship Between the Church and the State*

By President Anthony IV. Ivins

I sincerely desire, my brethren and sisters, that during the few moments which I may occupy this morning, the exercise of your faith in my behalf may enable me, through the blessings of the Lord upon whom I depend, to present properly the thought which I have in my mind at this time. I shall read first from the twelfth chapter of St.

Mark, beginning at the thirteenth verse

MEANING OF CHRIST'S ANSWER TO THE PHARISEES "And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians, to catch him in his words.

"And when they were come, they say unto him, Master, we know that thou art true, and carest for no man: for thou regardest not the person of men, but

teachest the way of God in truth: Is it lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not?

"Shall we give or shall we not give? But he, knowing their hypocrisy, said

unto them, Why tempt ye me? bring me a penny, that I may see it.

"And they brought it. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and

superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's.

"And Jesus answering said unto them, Render to Caesar the things that are

Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's."

In looking for a text upon which to base the brief remarks which

I expect to make, I thought of these words of the Redeemer of the world. They are simple words and to the superficial observer have little

import except to impress upon one the fact that inasmuch as Israel at the time was tributary to Rome, it was necessary to recognize her sovereignty, and render submission to the system of taxation which she might impose. A more careful analysis of this scripture, associating

it with other words spoken by the Redeemer, and the example of his life give it a deeper and far more important meaning. It may be

*An address delivered at the Ninetythird Annual Conference of the Church,

Sunday morning, April 8, 1923.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October

3, 1917> authorized on July 2, iQJSt $2 Per annum.

Address Room 406 Churh Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

680 IMPROVEMENT ERA

paraphrased and made to read: Render unto man that which belongs

to man, and to God that which pertains to him. I wish to make it

read as I desire to interpret its meaning: Render allegiance and submission to the laws of men in civil government, and to the laws of God

in that which pertains to the Kingdom of Heaven.

NATURE OF CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LAWS

I suppose that at a very early period of the existence of man, it was discovered that for the proper protection and development of society it was necessary to enact laws, and delegate to individuals authority to administer and enforce them. Violation of these laws subjected the

transgressor to penalties, more or less severe, as the offence justified.

The outward expression of religion is the act of worship, by which we show our faith in a supreme being, to whom, we owe allegiance and service. Since the very beginning of history, in so far as it pertains

to the present race of mankind, communication has existed between our

Father in heaven, and his children who are here upon earth. At times

direct communication may have been interrupted, but always to be reestablished, that the purposes of the Almighty might not be frustrated.

Certain fundamental laws have been given to man, through obedience to which he may be in harmony with the will of the Father, or out of harmony, as he obeys or rejects the requirements which are made.

These requirements are not enforced by compulsory means, the penalty being the loss of that which might have been gained through obedience.

In contradistinction of this the civil law demands obedience whether we will or will not, and if we refuse, physical force is applied to enforce submission. Briefly stated obedience to civil law is compulsory, obedience to the law given by the Lord is entirely optional. For violation

of the former, man is answerable to the law which he, himself, has created; for violation of the latter, man is answerable to his Makei.

PROPER RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE CHURCH AND THE STATE

I know of no other question which has so disturbed the peaceful relationship which should exist between neighbors, communities and nations, as has the erroneous and perverted opinions which have prevailed regarding the proper relationship which should exist between the church and the state, and the application and effect of the law,s given by the Lord, and those enacted by man.

It is plain to one who is familiar with the written, and spoken, word of the Lord, that there has not been, and is not now, justifiable cause for the misunderstanding, but notwithstanding this fact there has always been conflict. You who are familiar with the world's history know

that there have been times when the state has waged unrelenting war upon the church, and you are also aware that the church has waged more relentless war, if that were possible, against those who differed from its views, or refused submission to its interpretation of the spiritual law.

RIGHT RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN CHURCH AND STATE 681

ILLUSTRATIONS OF CONFLICTS BETWEEN THE CHURCH AND THE STATE

The conflict between the church and the state has not been more vicious, or devoid of mercy, than has that which has prevailed between people who were professors of religion, and professing to follow the same Master.

In 1487 the head of one church, notwithstanding the fact that he had assumed the name Innocent, ordered the extermination of the

Waldenses, and France, in obedience to the decree, drove from their homes, to find asylum in the Alps, or killed people who were among her best citizens, because they dared differ from others in their religious views.

The massacre of St. Bartholomew will never be forgotten, and must

sometimes be atoned for. The church sent the Duke of Alva to the

Netherlands with full authority to exterminate all who were not orthodox in their faith and religious practice.

No human pen will ever write, no tongue can tell, the story of suffering and injustice which, because of difference in religious faith and practice, has been inflicted upon the Hebrew people. Driven from

the Promised Land, the home of their fathers, they have been denied the right of citizenship, and refused participation in the political and business activities of the world. They have been ruthlessly slain.

Jewish mothers have looked on in anguish while the tongues have been torn from the mouths of their children, their hands severed, and bodies mutilated because they refused to renounce their faith, or deny the God of their fathers.

Whatever their mistakes may have been, however much the responsibility for their suffering may rest upon them, I know of no parallel of faith in, and devotion to, an ideal, comparable with that manifested by the Jewish people during the past 1900 years. That they

have survived it, and retained their nationalism as they have is one of the miracles of the age. That the Lord will recognize their sacrifices,

and, in his own time and way, restore them to their former place in his favor is certain, for he who is definite in power to accomplish has declared it.

Religious fanaticism drove the Puritans from the old world to the new, where they hoped to be free from bigotry and persecution, and they were hardly established here when they burned innocent women who were accused of witchcraft, and drove from their communities men who differed from them in their interpretation of the scripture.

It was because of difference of opinion regarding faith and worship that the Latterday Saints were driven from the state of Missouri, and their possessions confiscated, to find temporary asylum in Illinois, from which state they later migrated to these mountain valleys, where they hoped to find peace and opportunity to worship the Lord in their own way. 682 IMPROVEMENT ERA

CONFLICT THE RESULT OF IGNORANCE OF LAW

I have frequently, in view of recent events, asked myself this question: Have we, modern people, who live in the most enlightened and

progressive period of the world's history, with the experience of the past to guide us, and knowledge of the future, as it has been outlined by the prophets who have lived before, overcome this needless, unjustifiable, erroneous conception of the proper relationship which exists, or should exist, between the church and the state? Do we properly dif

ferentiate between our obligation of obedience to civil law, in the administration of temporal affairs, and our obligation to the church, which represents divine law, given for the purpose of preparing men for future glory and exaltation in the kingdom of heaven? Where conflict

exists between the two, it is clearly the result of either ignorance, or wilful misinterpretation of both civil and ecclesiastical law.

THE LORD HAS SPOKEN PLAINLY ON SPIRITUAL AND TEMPORAL AFFAIRS

With the opening of a gospel dispensation the Lord has always spoken plainly, defining the duties of those who accept his word, in regard to both spiritual and temporal affairs, and after defining our duties, and the obligation which is upon us, leaves us to accept and perform, and thus gain the future or present blessings which are predicated upon observance of the law, or reject, as we may choose. His

word to us upon this important question, in the present dispensation, to which I wish to call particular attention is no exception.

HIS WORD UPON THIS IMPORTANT QUESTION

In the very early history of the Church the right relationship which should exist between the church and state was raised, and in order that there might be no misunderstanding in regard to this important question the following was adopted and published, and has been the recognized attitude of the Latterday Saints since that time.

I read from section 134 of the Doctrine and Covenants:

"We believe that governments were instituted of God for the benefit of man; and that he holds men accountable for their acts in relation to them, both

in making laws and administering them, for the good and safety of society.

"We believe that no government can exist in peace, except such laws are framed and held inviolate as will secure to each individual the free exercise of conscience, the right and control of property, and the protection of life.

"We believe that all governments necessarily require civil officers and magistrates to enforce the laws of the same, and that such as will administer the law in equity and justice, should be sought for and upheld by the voice of the people, if a republic, or the will of the sovereign.

"We believe that religion is instituted of God; and that men are amenable

to him, and to him only, for the exercise of it, unless their religious opinions prompt them to infringe upon the rights and liberties of others; but we do

not believe that human law has a right to interfere in proscribing rules of worship to bind the consciences of men, nor dictate forms for public or private devotion;

that the civil magistrate should restrain crime, but never control conscience;

should punish guilt, but never suppress the freedom of the soul. * * *

RIGHT RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN CHURCH AND STATE 683

"We believe that every man should be honored in his station, rulers and magistrates as such, being placed for the protection of the innocent, and the punishment of the guilty; and that to the laws all men owe respect and

deference, as without them peace and harmony would be supplanted by anarchy and terror; human laws being instituted for the express purpose of regulating our

interests as individuals and nations, between man and man; and divine laws given

of heaven, prescribing rules on spiritual concerns, for faith and worship, both to be answered by man to his Maker. * * *

"We do not believe it just to mingle religious influence with civil government, whereby one religious society is fostered and another proscribed in its spiritual privileges, and the individual rights of its members, as citizens, denied.

"We believe that all religious societies have a right to deal with their members for disorderly conduct, according to the rules and regulations of such societies; providing that such dealings be for fellowship and good standing

but we do not believe that any religious society has authority to try men on the right of property or life, to take from them this world's goods, or to put them in jeopardy of either life or limb, or inflict any physical punishment upon them.

They can only excommunicate them from their society, and withdraw from them their fellowship."

CAN A BETTER BILL OF RIGHTS BE FOUND?

I ask you, my brethren and sisters, I ask the people of the world, where can a better bill of rights, defining the proper relationship of the Church and the State, the civil and the ecclesiastical authority, be found, than that which I have read? Can error or justifiable objection

be found in it?

The Latterday Saints believe that the coming of Columbus to this continent was part of the divine plan by which this land, which had been held in reserve, might become a place of refuge, and asylum for the oppressed and downtrodden of all nations, that freedom of worship, and exercise of conscience, in righteousness, might be enjoyed by all people. We believe that the Lord inspired the framers of our

government to give us our legislative, executive and administrative system of government, by which our laws are enacted and enforced.

This system, having been given of the Lord, it is not strange that the administration of our civil affairs corresponds so nearly with the organization of the Church, and still differs so greatly in the one essential feature.

CONTRAST BETWEEN CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LAWS

Our civil laws are enacted by Congress, that body being governed, in framing the law, by the Constitution of our country; by our

state legislatures under authority of congress, and our precincts and municipalities under authority granted by the state legislatures. The

officers who administer these laws are chosen by the voice of the people. The law,s enacted by our precincts and municipalities, and the

power of the lesser judges and officers who enforce them are limited in regard to both territorial jurisdiction, and power to inflict punishment.

Legislative laws have jurisdiction over all of the people of the state, while congressional laws must be obeyed in all parts of the republic.

684 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Decisions rendered by precinct, municipal or district judges are subject to review, on appeal, and may be carried to the.supreme court,

whose decision is final. To each of these courts authority is given to

enforce its decrees by compulsory means. We may protest, it may be

contrary to our idea of right and justice, we may say that we will not submit, but it is all in vain, the civil law compels submission. It may

impose heavy fines, and if we refuse to pay, take our property by force to satisfy its judgment. It may incarcerate us in prison, for life if the

offense justifies, or even deprive us of life itself.

In contrast to this, the laws which govern the Church are given us by the Lord our God. He is the author of them, he is our lawgiver. He has revealed to us the, order of Church government and

designated the officers who are to administer its affairs. The ward

organizations, with their limited administrative powers, the stakes with their enlarged jurisdiction, and finally the presiding authorities, who have jurisdiction over all of the affairs of the Church, have all been given us by the Lord.

WHERE CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS POWERS DIFFER ENTIRELY

The men who administer the affairs of the Church are its priesthood, the word signifying, collectively, those who are chosen and ordained to perform,sacred religious functions. The powers delegated

to this body of priesthood, chosen to1 administer the affairs of the

Church, while similar to our civil administration, differs entirely from it in the manner of administration, let me read "Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen. And why are they not

chosen? "Because their hearts are set so much upon the things of this world, and aspire to the honors of men, that they do not learn this one lesson "That the rights of the Priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only up,on the principles of righteousness.

"That they may be conferred upon us, is true; but when we undertake

to cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control or dominion or compulsion upon the souls of the children of men, in ahy degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the

Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when it is withdrawn, Amen to the Priesthood or authority of that man. * * *

"Hence many are called, but few are chosen.

"No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the

Priesthood, only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned "By kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and without guile."

I have read from the Doctrine and Covenants of the Church, section 121.

Again I ask you, my brethren and sisters, can any just criticism be offered to this plain declaration regarding the prerogatives and rights of the priesthood? Can anything be wrong which is accomRIGHT RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN CHURCH AND STATE 685

plished by persuasion, by long suffering, gentleness, by kindness and love unfeigned, Where are we to find a definition of the authority and functions of the priesthood superior to, or even the equal of that which I have just read. If it exists my attention has never been called

to it.

THE SYSTEM OF CHURCH COURTS It is true that a system of Church courts has been given, and judges provided whose duty it is to watch over the Church, to hear cases where differences may exist between Church members, and to take cognizance of cases where the rules governing the conduct of members, whose acts may be unChristian, immoral, or opposed to justice and righteousness, are concerned.

This system begins with the teachers, who are expected to be familiar with the lives and conduct of the members of their wards, and who seek to induce, by persuasion and love, those who may have departed from the way of the Lord, to return to it. Where members

refuse, or neglect to be governed by the council of the teachers, their case may be taken to the bishopric, and if they fail to reach a satisfactory adjustment may be carried to the high council, and from there appealed to the First Presidency.

These Church courts, while corresponding closely to our civil courts, differ entirely from the latter in this respect. Whether it be

the decision of a bishop's court, a high council or the First Presidency, no effort is made to enforce the decre contrary to the will of the ac1cused. Disinterested men hear the case, there are no lawyers to interpret, or misinterpret the law, the accused has the right to appear

and speak in his own behalf, and to introduce evidence, after which the decision is rendered. If the accused refuses to submit to the findings

of the court, the only penalty attached is the withdrawal of the hand of fellowship, or excommunication from the Church, after which he is permitted to go his way in peace, so far as his conscience may permit peace to dwell in his soul.

THE CIVIL LAW COMPULSORY, THE CHURCH LAW VOLUNTARY

The purpose of this review, brief and very imperfect as it is, is to call your attention to the fact that the civil law is given for the protection and control of our temporal affairs, while the Priesthood is

Conferred upon us for the control and development of the Church:

that the former differs from the latter in that one is compulsory, the other entirely voluntary. To the civil law all men must submit, regardless of race, creed or condition, while to the priesthood man may submit or not, as he may choose.

When arraigned before Pilate one of the charges brought against the Redeemer was that he was guilty of sedition, in that he had declared himself to be a king. Yes he answered, but my kingdom is not

of this world. It was not a menace to the kingdom of Herod, or the

686 IMPROVEMENT ERA

empire of Rome. His was the kingdom of heaven, and had nothing

to do with the kingdoms of this world, except that he taught his followers to be obedient to them, but the people, failing to distinguish between the temporal and spiritual could not comprehend.

SUMMARY AND APPLICATION So, my brethren and sisters, I reach this conclusion: That it is

the duty of each member of the Church to honor and obey the law of the land, and sustain the men who are chosen to administer it, in so far as they do so in righteousness and justice. That the Priesthood is

conferred upon us for the development and control of the Church of

Christ, and that it cannot be legitimately used for any other purpose.

That whenever we use it for the promotion of personal interests, to gratify personal pride, or ambition, or apply it by compulsion or restraint, we are upon dangerous ground, and not in harmony with the word of the Lord. My conception is that the exercise of the Priesthood can only be legitimately used where the purpose is to provide equal

opportunity for all, in, the sphere occupied by each member of the

Church, and special privileges to none, except as men may have merited honor and distinction through, devotion to the work of the Lord.

Do not understand me to infer that men holding the Priesthood are not entitled to participate in all of the activities of the state, and enjoy any and all of the emoluments to which citizenship entitles them, but this participation, and the honors which may come to them should be the reward of merit; and the influence of the Priesthood, as such,

should not be used to accomplish their personal desires.

Neither do I wish to infer that the Priesthood should not be exercised in the promotion and development of the temporal interests of the people. It is a poor system of religion, indeed, which treats only

with the salvation of the souls of men, while it leaves their bodies to perish.

What a simple thing it is, and yet how vitally important. If the

people of the world could only be taught obedience to this doctrine, to willingly honor and obey the law of the land in the control of civil affairs, leaving all men to answer to the Lord in matters of faith and worship, each having decent respect for rights and opinions of his neighbor, thus rendering to Caesar that which belongs to Caesar, and to God that which pertains to his Kingdom, peace would soon prevail throughout the earth, Christ's Kingdom would be established, and the will of the Lord would be done of earth, as it is done in heaven. May

that day be hastened, is my humble prayer, through Jesus Christ. Amen.

Modern Agriculture

By P. V. Cordon, Editor, The Utah Farmer

I It was once my privilege to look through a huge telescope, focused on what was said to be a tiny star in the heavens about the tiniest star that could be seen with the naked eye. So

small it was, that its twinkle ordinarily could scarcely be detected in the light of the apparently larger and more brilliant stars about it.

Through the telescope, however, it appeared entirely different. In fact, it was no longer a star but a group of illumiveritable cluster of worlds! The man innated planets—a

charge of the observatory explained that in the group were many suns, each as large or larger perhaps than our own sun; and

that around each sun there probably revolved several planets, just as Earth and Jupiter and Mars and others, revolve about our sun. Moreover, each of these planets, it was said, probably had

one or more moons, passing regularly around well defined orbits, just as our own moon travels around Earth.

There may be life there. Some astonomers state that there

may be on those planets both plant and animal life; perhaps

beings much like ourselves!

How different from the ancient conception of the universe, veryis this modern appreciation of its vastness! A part—a

all creasmall part—of Earth, to the ancients was the center of

tion. The sun, the moon and the stars were useful lights in the

heavens, placed there solely for man's convenience; only those

which could be seen were believed to exist. Now, we know

that Earth is only one of innumerable planets, that our sun is only one of many suns; that those we see are only a few of what

are believed to exist; and that man plays a relatively small part

in the greatest scheme of the universe.

II Agriculture is almost as old as man. We are told that

father Adam, himself, had to go forth and live by the sweat of his brow, as man, ever since, has had to do. I am inclined to

think, also, that Adam probably entertained a strong dislike for his task, because he doubtless was pretty soft, physically, when he went to work; and he no doubt found life rather stren688 IMPROVEMENT ERA

uous after his carefree existence in the Garden of Eden. I have

an idea he wore blisters on his hands; his back ached, his feet

were sore, and his stomach felt empty.

Perhaps Adam's experience is really responsible for the fact that a great many of his descendants have had a strong dislike for agriculture. Through all the centuries, there have

been many men who, rather than farm, have sought to do anything else at which they could make a living. To them, farming has meant drudgery; and they have preferred to remain

away from it.

This seeking after other things has played a tremendously important part in the development of civilization as we know it. But through it all, agriculture, because of its being rather unpopular, has remained in the background. In our industrial

life, indeed, agriculture has been in much the same position as larger andthe tiny star mentioned—surrounded by apparently

brighter stars which have dimmed the intensity of its own light.

Agriculture, like the stars, also, is ordinarily taken for granted. The myriads of twinkling lights overhead, by most of

us, are seldom thought of as belonging to anything of direct concern to us and we go through life scarcely realizing that our time, our travel, our climate, our soil, our very existence on this planet, are governed by those other planets we call moons and stars and suns. So while most of us know there is such a thing

as agriculture, not many fully appreciate it. Some there are,

who have never seen it! There are many who have seen it only

as a tiny star on our industrial labyrinth, and many others, although closer to it than anyone else, have never known of its true relationships. Only a few have been privileged, as it were,

to see agriculture through a telescope, to bring it close to the glass and study the organization of the elements composing it.

When that is done, one sees that agriculture has appeared small only because it has been looked at from afar. Brought

close, it is seen to be not a single body, but a group of bodies, at least one of which is closely related to every industry known to man.

Ill The very center, the sun, of modern agriculture is, of course, the farm. It is upon the farm that everything else depends. It

is toward the greater development of the farm that all who are interested in agriculture are working. Improvement in farm

life commands their full attention. But there are many different

angles to such an attainment, as I shall show; and from each

angle there are many forces at work. Furthermore, there is

need for more and better workers, as the task is only just begun.

MODERN AGRICULTURE 689

The farm, of course, if properly handled, is a piece of land, capable of producing bounteous crops. But what is this piece

of land; from what source was it derived, what are its requirements, by what methods may it most profitably be handled? To

answer these questions, besides the farmer, himself, we find at work the geologist, the meteorologist, the soil physicist, the soil chemist, the soil bacteriologist, and the field experimenter;

for the problem is complex and demands attention from all these different angles.

But it is not enough to have the land, alone, even though its origin and requirements are known. There must be machinery and motive harrows, discs, drills, binders, power—plows,

mowers, rakes, threshers, wagons, etc.; and, besides these implements, horses, mules, or tractors. Furthermore, we must

know how to use these implements to the best advantage, how to get the greatest efficiency out of our motive power, how to feed and care for the horses and mules and how to keep the tractor in good repair. Devoted to a study of these tasks are

the machinery designers and manufacturers, the farm mechanic, the horse breeder, the mule breeder, the veterinarian and the nutrition experts, all contributing the results of their investigations.

Even with land, machinery and motive power, however, the farm is still incomplete, as we have not yet supplied the seeds that must be sown before any crops can be produced. At this

po: nt, a moment's digression will be advantageous.

Many who read these lines live on farms and know how to sew seed. They know how to handle horses, hitch them properly, regulate the drill and dri\e it straight across the field. But

do they ever stop to think of the origin of the seed they sow?

When drilling wheat, for example, do they ask themselves where that particular variety came from, how it happens to be in the drill and who is responsible for its being there? And what

about the different varieties of oats, alfalfa, barley, corn; the

different grasses, the choice fruits, the vegetables in the garden, the flowers in the home?

Most cropvarieties of garden, field and orchard have been developed from a wild state, and the history of their development and establishment in agriculture is a wonderfully fascinating story. I shall not attempt, at this time, to tell the story,

but it would be well to consider the case of durum (macaroni) wheat, at least, because it is illustrative of a branch of our agricultural organization which is seldom appreciated.

Durum wheat was first introduced into the United States from Russia about twentyfive years ago. It was found growing

690 IMPROVEMENT ERA

there over large areas and apparently had been bred by the Russians through many generations. The man who found it was one

of the agricultural explorers who are sent by the United States

Department of Agriculture to explore the world for crops suited to our varied conditions of soil and climate. These explorers

cornersgo to China, Russia, Africa—everywhere, to the remote

plants which promise to be ofof the world—seeking seeds and

some value to us.

This particular explorer sent seed of durum wheat to Washington. From there it was distributed to different states. Experimental work with it was undertaken. It was thoroughly

studied from every conceivable angle and finally found to be admirably adapted to our northern Great Plains area. Improved strains were developed, the supply of pure seed increased

and was further distributed; the milling and baking values were

determined; the mills, after much argument, were induced to buy

durum wheat and grind it; and finally, by 1912, less than 15

years after the first introduction, the United States was producing over 40,000,000 bushels of durum wheat in a region theretofore believed to be illy suited to wheat production. Today

durum wheat is accepted as one of the established crops of this country, and grown almost exclusively in some sections.

This, briefly, is the story of durum wheat. I have not told

of the romantic adventures of the explorer, of the difficulties encountered in getting the crop established and the unselfish service of the men who finally brought about its establishment.

A book could be written on that subject alone. The story is

one of adventure, romance, devotion to an ideal and valuable service to humanity.

I cannot pass without saying a word about Marquis wheat, because the story of its origin so clearly illustrates still further the great work behind our common seeds. Marquis came into

existence only 29 years ago. It is of hybrid origin, and was bred

in Canada by Dr. Sanders of the Dominion Department of Agriculture. For a long time, this variety showed nothing of special

promise, but the breeder carried it along from year to year hoping it would do something worth while. Finally, after years of

careful work and observation, Marquis was found to possess qualities of high value. It was mov ed westward into the Prairie

Provinces, where its real value was at once apparent, and where it was soon establishhed in cultivation. The value of Marquis

was generally recognized by 1912, because it had been taking prizes at many fairs and was in demand by growers the world over. It has proved to be especially well adapted to conditions

in most of the wheat growing states of this country and today is more widely grown than any other variety of spring wheat. Dr.

MODERN AGRICULTURE 691

Sanders rendered a service to all the world greater than it is possible to estimate.

Now to return to the farm. It is not difficult to find plenty

of seed of every variety of crop we desire to plant. It may be

obtained at the local elevator or seed house. It is at our very

door! But while it is being put into the drill, let us not lose

sight of the fact that it may have been introduced from a far country; that caravans, ships and railroads helped to get it here,

that investigators tested it, improved it, increased the supply of it, distributed it, cooperated in the task of getting it established and were instrumental in finally getting it to this very farm. And

these things have been repeated in some degree for every crop sown.

Meantime, other workers have been studying to determine ways of preventing injury to our crops by insects and diseases.

They have found that smutdamage may be reduced to a minimum by treating wheat before seeding it. The same applies also

to other crops such as oats, barley and potatoes. So we follow

their advice. But let us remember, too, that they are able to

offer that advice only after years of painstaking research.

Our crops are up and cultivators are busy in the fields! But

it is a source of worry to find gophers, grasshoppers, cutworms, and other pests damaging our crops. Fortunately, the biologists

and entomologists have been investigating these problems and are able to offer effective remedies. We poison the gophers,

grasshoppers, and cutworms; we spray the potatoes, vegetables,

and fruit trees, and, relieved of further injury from that source, our crops continue growth.

Now some of these crops were planted on dryland and others on irrigated land. Obviously, they demand somewhat different attention; but, whatever the problem, interested and capable investigators are seeking its solution. The irrigation engineer, the soil and crop specialist, the breeders, the farm mechanics, all are rendering invaluable service.

As the season advances, we are impressed by the fact that the harvest promises to be greater than can be disposed of at a profit unless immediate and effective steps are taken with that in mind. The fruits and vegetables must be preserved and

stored for winter; livestock must be purchased, barns built, silos

are a hundred things to do; But, there are alsoerected—there

effective ways of doing them. Experience and experiment,

working hand in hand, are able to direct our efforts; and winter,

therefore, finds us prepared.

But our livestock cannot utilize all that has been produced, and, besides, what shall be done with the stock we fatten? It

692 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is plain we need a market for our produce. Here we draw on

the information gained by the economists, the market specialists, those experienced in the marketing of farm produce, and all others who might be able to contribute something of value.

In this connection we see, also, the need of using pure seed and purebred livestock, and are at once grateful to the plant breeders and the animal breeders who have made the products of their labor so readily available.

Another thing that strikes us forcibly is the need of coop- eration in social, economic and educational affairs. For our

neighbors are no better off than we are. So we support the

Farm Bureau, become active members, and are glad to pay our share toward the support of the County Agent and the Home

Demonstration Agent, those two apparently inexhaustible sources of information and willing helpfulness. As we are anxious to have our children understand our problems and keep

informed concerning them, so that they may better carry the load that some day will be placed on their shoulders, we strengthen our schools, support the Boys'and Girl's Club work and get the benefit of the SmithHughes bill. We employ a good instructor in agriculture and are glad to see our boys getting a

firm grasp of the broad principles underlying the increasingly great number of agricultural problems.

But where are these investigators to be found? Where are

we to find these agricultural explorers, plant and animal breeders, farm mechanics, irrigation engineers, entomologists, pathologists, rural economists, market specialists, farm managers, county agents, SmithHughes teachers, good practical farmers and other people who seem to be so essential to continued success in agriculture?

It is agreed that we must have agricultural colleges where men and women may be trained in these various branches of science. We can teach them the art, but there must be institutions for teaching them the science of agriculture. On the

farm the boy can learn the how of agriculture; and there is no

place in the world where he can learn it better than on the farm.

But when it comes to the why of agriculture; he feels the need

of classroom and laboratory and the association of those who know. IV We have seen that agriculture pervades every phase of industrial the steel mill, that produces the plow beam, to life—from

the bank which cares for our pennies. And without agriculture,

our whole industrial machinery would stop—railroads, steamcease to funcships, factories, banks, grocery stores—all, would

tion.

MODERN AGRICULTURE 693 We ha\e seen also that agriculture is not confined to the farm; that it reaches, instead, into all corners of the world. Because of its organization, also, it reaches into all branches of

science and calls eternally for all the knowledge of which man is possessed. In place of being a tiny star, as was once supposed,

agriculture, we find, is a veritable solar system.

The simple fact that agriculture draws on all the sources of information, is evidence enough that it is not independent of all other modes of life. We need engineers; we need doctors; we

need lawyers, and bankers, merchants, politicians, plumbers, carpenters, macliinists, teachers, journalists, artists, all. And the

more proficient the men in the different professions and trades, the better will be the world—for then we shall have a better

agriculture.

Who Knows?

What though the stars gleam varied in degree, 'Tis only we who judge them as we see,

And out beyond the evening's setting sun,

Where Venus rides the paling horizon,

Perchance the stardust of yon misty way

Lights other worlds to yet a brighter day!

What though the tasks of life seem drudgery,

And hands grow worn that long for artistry;

What though we age and fail while yet we climb,

Who knows, perchance, in some vast wait of time,

Along with deeds and heroes sanctified,

Each menial task shall, too, be glorified!

Mesa, Arizona. Bertha A. Kleinman.

Putting Instruction over into Behavior

By John M. Whitaker, Principal of the Granite Stake Seminary

By the term behavior, as here used, is meant the activities movements, decisions, actions, bearing and course of life as an established altitude of an individual.

Behavior is modified and changed only as it is expressed in willing conformity to new and permanent actions and attitudes. Propped up behavior for the occasion, is not behavior

at all, it is only a false support, dangerous and deadly.

For many decades great stress has been placed upon the training of the intellectual and physical, supplemented by moral, phases of the individual: yet the people of the world as a whole

are not apparently growing better in their behavior. With the

accumulation of vas'ly improved facilities, tools, and methods of learning, has come also increase in crime, with skill and ability to do more cunningly evil things. Disrespect for law and

order, for home and society, for parent and guardian, disloyalty and lack of reverence for sacred things, has shockingly increased, until it has become a licensing, dominating power, destructrve of good behavior in the home, society, and nation.

To change behavior, thus established through long periods of time, is not easy. To create a living, dominating interest

in things dormant and sleeping, may not be accomplished without skill, judgment of a high order, love for the task, and an example commanding confidence and respect, supplemented by the very power sent down from heaven. It may not be accomplished by preaching. It is to be reached through putting

responsibility, willingly accepted, and faithfully performed by the individual, and through changing behavior from the undesirable, to the desirable kind; in promoting new and permanent interests, in deA eloping latent powers, furnishing new stock

of ideas of the desired sort and not by jumping into the coveted ideal behavior without effort and work. One must climb the

ladder of mastery for its attainment.

The problem of the seminary teacher is one great outstanding question. Students come before him from every kind of

homes, home surroundings and home influences and the lack thereof; affected by every phase of complex society, associations,

*Read at Seminary section of Church School Convention, Oct. 19, 1922.

PUTTING INSTRUCTION OVER INTO BEHAVIOR 695

and companionship. He is often handicapped with bodies as

varied in their physical makeup, as is the trend of their minds;

with pretty well established behavior regarding the living intermaterial world and itsests that affect them today and now—the

unhealthy stimuli predominating in some, and paramount in all too many whose spiritual \ision is practicallyothers,—with

closed, and with the plan of God with respect to them only open to the twilight; and many other conditions that make approach to religious subjects and exalted behavior difficult.

The true purpose of education should be directed toward the development of the entire individual to love the good and beautiful, to seek for self mastery and eternal progress, to make life more complete, more worthwhile, more helpful and beautiful, more competent and useful in a larger sphere; to ingrain the

desirable, the lofty and highminded, the useful and practicable into habits of behavior and put in the background the undesirable behavior that weakens and dishonors. Habits are education and behavior in action, and we should train the nervous

system in beha ior to be a willing ally instead of a dread enemy.

With all the knowledge gained regarding the human mind, it is still a great mystery. Life is a mystery. Simple faith of

the past has in many cases been disturbed by the socalled declarations of science. The mind is divided into great powers

like sight, hearing, feeling, reason, etc., but of the greater things

about the mind little is known: We cannot pour facts into the

mind like filling a cistern with water; we can not take one specific thing and train it alone without other things connected with

it, receiving improvement also. The mind is not indifferent. It

is exact, choosing and rejecting always and constantly. The immence range and effect of an act, thought, or impression, only

elernity may measure.

The energy of the mind is marvelous. There are soldiers

constantly guarding and watching all acts that make themselves known by the strength of attention, thus opening hidden treasures and reservoirs of power to spiritual joys, doubling its capacity and possibilities. Within the mind there are hidden

forces at work silently, and ceaselessly changing the individual for weal or for woe and each mind is as varied, deep, wide and alert in its own way as the physical world. It thus

requires training, judgment, understanding, and the deepest insight into future possibilities supplemented by the Spirit of the

Lord, to unlock the resources of energy and power of the indivdual and direct his forces and emotions to lift him to exalted and ennobling behavior, instead of leading him toward anarchy and despotism. Method, system, harmony, consistency, constancy must be some of the elements and tools of the teacher.

6% IMPROVEMENT ERA

You may throw scattered sand at the window pane without injury to the glass; but solidify the sand, direct aright the blow,

and you break the glass.

So in creating new and desirable behavior. Stimulate the

emotion aright, and you may turn gloom energy into spiritual joy. It is not the amount of energy one may possess, but the

method of use that counts.

"Not what we have, but what we use;

Not what we see but what we choose,

These are the things that mar or bless

The sum of human happiness.

"Not as we take, but as we give,

Not as we pray, but as we live,

These are the things that make for peace

Both now and after time shall cease.

So, in order to secure the desired behavior—through the

eye to the heart, the untrained thought must be caught and held to be directed rightly.

Science but lays down lines within which art must follow, and not transgress, but the important, positive thing that the teacher must be within these lines, is left to his own good sense, and this varies with each individual teacher.

To do the best work a teacher must understand not only the individual, but his home and its environments, his companions, associates, habits, etc. He must drink deep and lovingly into

the resources and wellsprings of the student's soul, learn his personal desires, aims and determinations, get the best point of attack, lead, direct, change and modify by substitution and continuity of effort toward the behavior desired. Behavior is not

established until it becomes ingrained into, fixed habit.

The teacher is like a physician, assisting at birth of the mind, and should feed, guide direct and stimulate aright. His

power is marvelous and as he capitalizes the mind and soul forces of the student and invests them so as to draw interest, com ersion to new behavior is the result, reaching its climax in testimony.

The teacher must remember that the student is bigger than the subject, bigger than anything he can carry to the market.

In him is a divinity, ready for employment, and bigger than any employment he may choose. He is the best investment in the

world. He should awaken the trained eye to see the good and

beautiful in others, and in all things; train the mind to grasp

truth; direct the heart to be willingly obedient; capitalize voluntary attention and interest and invest them as factors in

training toward the behav ior desired. By repeating these things,

habits are formed; character is established, consisting in an orPUTTING INSTRUCTION OVER INTO BEHAVIOR 697

ganized and trained set of habits leading to permanent and desired behavior.

To know the truth is not enough. The teacher must be

keen, alert, observant, ready, wise, tactful, with that happy faculty of personal charm and good judgment to say and do the proper things at the right time. M]ust create such interest in the

subject of religion that every other object of attention is put in the background, through interpreting truth so clearly, definitely and impressively, that it becomes a fixed thought, act, habit. He must help the student to discover himself, to find

interest that leads toward ideal behavior; must use his curiosity for achievement and direct toward the fullest fruition of

mind and soul by capitalizing all his energies.

The trouble often is: while the teacher thinks he is creating interest and riveting attention and establishing behavior on

a definite point, the mind of the student is working in another direction, his interest is elsewhere. At this point is where ethics,

philosophy, pedagogy, and mental attainments often reach their limitations: Another force, the application of another power,

conformity to another law, quite as distinct and positive, should be aroused to stimulate the soul and transform into sensitive

is here that the art of teaching religion finds its highestfeelings,man—it living behavior, not only the physical, but the spiritual

complement. Through the life, example, personality, authority,

and power of the teacher, the Holy Ghost intensifies, stimulates, inspires, lifts and glorifies the student. It is the greatest transforming power in all the world. Turn this light into the heart

of the student in every lesson taught, every act performed, every requirement made, until he sees the glory of God in the good and beautiful, and he will take pleasure in acts of righteousness.

Hold out the eternal Father and his Son, and the Holy Ghost, as the transcendent sources from which come all blessings, joys and advancement. Bring out in the child his religious inheritances and aid in transforming his physical form into spiritual

gold, and behavior of a high order will be established. He will

see the good and beautiful, rejoice in the lofty and ennobling, and the riches of eternity will hold out to him wellsprings of hidden treasures.

Therefore, the teacher must be in all respect what he desires to see his students become. He must not only understand the

material at hand, but the best methods of its application as to time and place. He must be able to translate truth into the life

of the student so that it may become ingrained into behavior.

The teacher may measure his success and ability and the influence he exercises upon his students, not merely by what he says, or thinks, or even by what he does; but it is largely de-

698 IMPROVEMENT ERA

termined by the extent to which he moulds exalted behavior in his students to his way of speaking, thinking, acting, doing.

When the student begins to pattern after what he says and does and inspires, then is that teacher establishing behavior in that student to the extent that it becomes a fixed and permanent habit.

Speaking of the qualities of a teacher: That teacher is a

failure when his profession takes him beyond the mental and spiritual reach of the student; when he fails to rivet attention

and make clear the point of contact; when he fails to deliver

and plant firmly his message; when he denies his students his

companionship, encouragement and loving example and inspiring personality. Well may the efficient teacher say: "I have

sown the seed in good soil. Gather ye the harvest;'* and it is

sown in good soil when it takes root in the changed behavior of the higher, exalted sort.

A Mother in Want

I know a mother that's badly in want,

Though she lives in a mansion most grand;

Tis not for clothing or food that she wants;

For she fares on the best in the land.

She longs not for wealth, with this she's been blest,

But to her soul this cannot bring joy;

She wants her son, who is wayward and wild,

To be true, and a homeloving boy.

Chorus Oh, now my boy, is your mother in want,

Just because you are wayward and wild;

Why not fly to the arms of this loving soul,

Give her joy as you did when a child!

When you were in want of succor and aid,

She alone could soothe all your pain

And her mothercare so loving and true,

Was given you again and again.

Don't let your mother, in anguish and pain,

Grieve for a son who in error does roam;

Refrain from all wrong, be loyal and true,

And you'll bless your dear mother and home.

A mother whose son has fallen in war,

Sorely grieves, but never with shame;

Proud of her boy though he lies in his grave;

Ne'er blushes to speak of his name.

Now make your dear mother proud of her boy,

By living a life that is good;

There'll be joy in your heart, love in your home;

And a crown for that dear motherhood.

R. R. Tanner

Jean's Awakening

By Roberta Flake Clayton

Richard and Jean are seated at the table eating.

Richard: And so my little girl has been doing society

today.

Jean: Yes, indeed, Mrs. Martin entertained very beautifully for Margie. All the ladies of my club were there.

Richard: Your club? I didn't know you had a club; I

will have to look a leedle oudt, won't I?

Jean: My card club, silly.

Richard: Why, Jean, you don't mean that you play cards?

Jean: Sure, I do, we play every Tuesday afternoon.

Richard. Why, I didn't know you even knew one card

fiom another.

I know more than you give iue credit for, Jean:—Well,

then; I know enough to have beaten them all, today; and my,

how peeved some the girls were when I won this prize (indicating) the most beautiful one of the season!

Richard: I'm surprised at you, Jean, you not only play

cards, but you gamble. What would your father and mother

think? I've often heard them say that cards were instruments

of the devil, and they wouldn't allow a pack in the house.

Jean: Oh, dad and mother were old fashioned and had

queer notions, but tell me what harm there is in it.

Richard: You said yourself, that the other ladies were

envious of you because you won the prize. To one less honest

than my little girl the temptation to cheat in order to win such a valuable article as that migh be too great. Then, too, there

is the danger of one going beyond one's means in order to entertain more lavishly, dress more extravagantly, and offer a more costly prize than another. Then, too, there is the waste

of precious time that might be used to a better advantage. By

the way, isn't Tuesday afternoon Relief Society o.ay?

Jean: Oh yes, but that doesn't matter, we don't go to Relief

Society any way. That's only for young mothers and grandmothers. You see, the old ones tell the young ones: "I never

let my Willie or Johnie or Kate do so and so, and when my

Mary was sick with the chickenpox or measles or mumps, I gave her this or that or the other."Nothing about Relief Society to interest me!

Richard: But, listen, dear, don't you think you need to

learn all those things? That knowledge will come in mighty

handy when our children come along.

700 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jean: Oh, well, there will be plenty of time for that; I

don't propose to be tied down with babies for a long time, yet;

but there, let's not get started on that subject again. Mrs. Martin insisted on my bringing you some of the refreshments. Try

these, and see how good they are, and then tell me if that isn't nicer than old dry Relief Society.

Richard (eating cake): This cake is delicious. (Takes up

the glass and tastes, then looks at Jean in amazement) Jean, what is this?

Jean: Oh, that is some of Mrs. Martin's homebrew, and

she has a dozen varieties, you should see her cellar. We all like

to go to Mrs. Martin's she always has something different. Why

don't you drink it?

Richard: Jean, dear, you know I've never tasted any intoxicating beverages in my life. Adam's ale is strong enough

for me.

Jlean: Oh, Dick, don't be so foolish. That is only home

made blackberry brandy, and won't hurt you. (Goes to him

coaxingly.)

Richard: You are right, there, little girl. (Goes and empties the glass) it won't hurt me or any one else now. I wish I

could as easily make all that stuff harmless.

Jean: Richard Brown, you're a regular old crank about

some things. I wish you were like Jack; he doesn't mind taking a drink occasionally, and he never preaches at Margie; he

doesn't care if she plays cards; he plays, too; and oh, he smokes

the most delicious cigars. He brought us home from the party

in his car, and how I did enjoy inhaling the smoke from his cigar, and when he saw how I liked it he gave me one and said for you to smoke it for me, so here it is. Let me light it for you.

Richard: Jean, I can't understand you. Sedond hand

smoke never appealed to me, and you know I never smoke.

What is getting into my giddy little girl's head, anyway? Have

you forgotten what the Word of Wisdom says about tobacco and strong drinks, how they are not for the use of man, and then the promises to those who abstain from them. I'll take the

Lord at his word.

Jean: Oh, yes, that's what you say about tithing, too, and

I don't see that any blessings have been poured out on us greater than we can contain. Since we were married you have

given the bishop enough to have bought me a beautiful diamond or an automobile.

Richard: I have only been honest with the Lord; he gives

us all we have, and the least I could do is to give him one tenth in return. You have never wanted for anything as yet, have

you?

JEAN'S AWAKENING 701

Jean: Oh, well, it isn't that; of course, we have what we

want or need, but lot's of folks that don't pay their tithing get along as well as we do, and the Church is rich and doesn't need it!

Richard: That may be true, but we need the blessings that

tithing brings, you know the money we have left, goes much farther, and that I am able to keep my position while other men are let off and Jean: Oh well, don't be so preachy, there is a dance at

Delmonicas tonight, and I want to go. Let's get ready.

Richard: We cannot go tonight, Jean, this is Mutual night.

Jean: Well, what of it? You don't have to go every time,

do you?

Richard: Jean, none of our people go to Delmonicas, and

I don't think it is just respectable there, and besides I have to give the lesson in Mutual; so come on, little girl, let's go there

and combine duty with pleasure and have the satisfaction that we have been of some service.

Jean: Dick, I'm so tired of service and duty, Mutual and

Church, I wish I'd never hear of them again. You love your

old religion better than you do me, so run along to Mutual you might be late! f

Richard: Won't you go,twith me, Jean, dear?

Jean: No m'am, if youwon't take me to the dance, I'll

stay at home. I have one of the six best sellers,T7ie Midnight

Frolic, by the author of the Wise or Otherwise. I'll get my

pleasure from that.

Richard: I wish you'd go to Mutual, dear, the lesson is a

very interesting one.

Jean: No, thank you.

Richard: Well, come to the piano and let's have a hymn

before I go.

Jean: A hymn! What's the matter with having a her for

a change? (Goes to the piano and sings a popular air.)

Richard: Well, byebye dear, if you get sleepy just say

your prayers and go to bed. (Exit.)

his Jean: That man will be the death of me, yet—with

Sunday school, Church, Mutual, and half a dozen other things.

I had enough religion at home without marrying the personification of it. I think it's all right to go to church once in a while,

especially if you have something new you want to wear, but this way of going twice a week and three times on Sunday; it's

too much for me. Dick's good alright; he's too darned good.

I wish he'd drink and smoke a little and cuss some, and be a little bit human. I never knew of him ever doing anything

Ithat would be out of place in Sunday school.—Oh, well,

702 IMPROVEMENT ERA

book and leave him with his hymnshould worry—I'll enjoy my

snging brethren. (Lies down and begins to read, but falls asleep

and dreams.)

(Richard comes staggering on the stage with hair over face, with arm around a woman, followed by another couple. All

singing, "For he's a Jolly Good Fellow")

Richard: Who's a jolly ood fellew, hie—

Chorus: You's a jolly good feller—ye 'ighness, Dick

Brown, hie Richard: Well, pash 'em around again, boys; the stuff

inebriates, but never obnoxicates, that makes you forget you have a Sunday school teacher at home. One of them goody

good little girls that eats religion, talks it, and even whistles it with 'er soup. Say, let's have a little game, I'm a bit shy

on pin money, and I'd jist like to clean some of you. How much

you got tucked away in your stocking band, Nell?

Nell: Enough to coax your little hard earned dough awav

from home. (All begin to play cards. After a few hands Dick

wins and is about to take the stakes, when Pete reaches for it;

then they tussle and the table is overturned; the woman grabs

the money and leaves Dick and Pete still scuffling. Dick chokes

Pete and throws him in a chair, and the light goes out, leaving the stage dark. Jean falls from the couch and screams): Don't

let him kill me, too. (Just then Dick comes in, turns lights on.

Jean is on the floor crying and begging for mercy, when Dick rushes over and picks her up she awakens.)

Richard: Why, what's the matter, dear? You are trembling all over. Did you get frightened? What happened? How

came you on the floor, dear?

Jean (still sobbing clings to him): Dick, is this really

you, and haven't you been drinking? and you didn't kill that

terrible man?

Richard: Of course not, girlie. I haven't had a drink

of anything stronger than Adam's ale, and as for killing anyone must be dreaming!—you

Jean. I guess that is what I have been doing;, but instead of

a dream it was a nightmare. But it taught me a lesson, dear.

I did not realize where I was going. I want you just as you

are, and in the future your wish shall be mv will. Yes, I will

join the Belief Society, and learn how to take care of Bichard the second. Please forgive, dearie. I am so sorry I was so foolish. Oh, I'm so glad it was only a dream. In the future

I am going with you to Mutual, and I want my name on the tithing records, too. Nothing in this world do I value more than

my really and truly Latterday Sain husband.

Phoenix, Arizona.

The Church in Vienna, Austria

By Walter U. Fuhriman, President of the Vienna Conference, SwissGerman

Mission

Comparatively few Utah people have a correct conception of this beautiful center of culture and art. Vienna contains

more than two and a half million inhabitants, and is noted the world over for its schools of medicine, music and art. Its arts

are not only of excellent quality, but are varied, containing the ideas and tastes of several distinct peoples. They combine the

German's patriotism, the Gypsy's love of nature, the Slav's passion, the Pole's simplicity, with the Orient's beauty and grace. The German, the Bohemian, the Hungarian, the Slavonian, the Pole, and the Jew each claim a part of the former Austria-Hungarian monarchy. Vienna was beautified with many

magnificent buildings, palaces, and monuments, and it still retains to a great extent its prewar splendor.

In religious matters the Viennese, as an average, take most things for granted, as he was taught in the common school or as his pastor explains them to him. He thinks little about religion, being contented in believing that his duties extend no

further than the observation of a few routine religious practices.

Vienna is often called "Mariastadt,"because the favorite saint and object of reverence of her people is the Virgin Mary. Very

few of her people have ever seen a Bible; many, not even knowing what the Bible really is, believe it to be the catechism they

studied in the grade schools. The Catholic church held almost

complete sway over the religious thought before the war. I

am informed that before the war only one protestant house of worship existed in Vienna. The city is filled with Catholic

cathedrals and churches.

Our Church did some missionary work here before the outbreak of 1914, and a branch was organized under the name of

Christian Society. Services were held like the meeting of a

club or society, because regular church worship was allowed only by those commissioned or authorized by the government.

In the early part of 1914, the society was dissolved by the government and the property confiscated. The branch, however,

did not cease to exist for the testimony of the truth had found its way into the hearts of a few good Christians. Meetings were

held at the homes of the Saints, one time here, another time 704 IMPROVEMENT ERA

there. At the outbreak of the war the missionaries who had thus

far been fortunate enough to escape banishment, were compelled to leave. Still the Saints held together, and even during

those long, dark years of carnage and misery, the women folks left entirely alone, held meetings in which they drew solace and comfort from the neverfailing Source. For months and

months these Saints with their feminine preachers and choir, in which only alto and soprano were sung, held their religious services, keeping the spark of love and hope ever bright.

At the close of the war, the treaty of peace guaranteed religious freedom to all. As a result we have now oar branches in

Austria well organized, and are holding regular religious services in Vienna, Linz, Salzburg and Haag. The spirit of intolerance still manifests itself. A few months ago the missionaries

in Haag were threatened with violence, and some of the stores refused to sell goods to those who attended our meetings, and the artisans refused to mend their shoes, etc. Two days ago I

received a letter from the elders in Salzburg, saying that the clergy there were holding lectures about the "Mormons"to which only men and grown boys were admitted; the nature of

the meetings is self evident. In Vienna our Bible classes were

disturbed by crowds of young rowdies until it was necessary to ask for the protection of the police.

At our recent conference here, this spirit was also manifest.

We had engaged a hall for a large conference and had advertised on the bill boards of the city that Elder David O. McKay

would be present. The clergy of the other Christian denominations felt that it was dangerous to their creeds if the people

should hear the testimony of a living apostle of Christ, so they combined, and by means of threats and protests induced the renter of the hall to refuse us the use of it, twentyfour hours before the meeting was to take place. The spirit of intolerance

is not against us alone. Several other religious meetings and

lectures have recently been broken up or hindered by the hostility of their opponents.

Such was not our case, however, for through earnest effort and sincere prayer of the entire branch, we were enabled to find another place to hold our conference, and a wonderful conference we had! The branch here consists of only seventyone members, but we had more than twice that number of

friends present. No one caused the least disturbance, all drinking in the revealed truths of the restored gospel as they fell from

the inspired lips of the servants of the Lord. I believe I have

never attended a public service that caused more real joy and satisfaction than this meeting, held in the rear dining room of a Vienna restaurant.

THE CHURCH IN VIENNA 705

Perhaps a little definite information concerning the Vienna branch might be of interest. At present we have sixtytwo baptized member and nine blessed children. One family of these

live in Prague in CzechoSlovakia and another in Poland. We

hold regularly Sunday school, afternoon meeting, priesthood meeting, Bible class, Book of Mormon class, choir practice and

Relief Society meetings. Last quarter this branch alone paid

at total of 4,301,400 kronen tithing, and 575,606 as fast offering,

We are well pleased with this amount as it is two and one half times as much as our branch expenses. When we consider that

a year ago the conference was not self sustaining, we feel proud of our progress. From seven to ten per cent of the tithing is

being paid by friends who are investigating the gospel and proving it by means of the test given by Christ himself as recorded in John 7:17. And this test has demonstrated that the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterdav Saints is true, for even though helpless, poverty stricken Austria has been repeatedly spoiled by unscrupulous profiteers, so that thousands have suffered and are still suffering from want of life's necessities, no Latterday

Saint in this land, who pays his tithing fully and honestly, lacks these necessities.

Since the war our Church has helped the poor here to a great extent, but very little of this aid was needed by the Saints who are strong in the faith. It has been my pleasure and

privilege to distribute the relief funds given by the German organization in Utah and by the Mrs. Eccles and Scowcroft, of

Ogden, Utah, for the poor children of Austria. The greater

part has been given to the friends of our Church who are in need. We have many friends who are investigating the gospel.

The children especially show a keen interest in our Sunday school work. Last month's report shows an average of eightytwo present, fiftynine per cent of whom were friends. Our

kindergarten class had an average attendance of twentyfour pupils, ninety per cent of whom were friends. In Austria, last

year, we baptized twentyone persons which increased our number by eleven per cent. From present indications the per

cent will be considerably greater this year, as the work is now well established in Austria.

I am sending you herewith enclosed a photo of the elders and visitors present at our recent conference. As far as I am

informed Elder McKay is the first apostle who has held a conference in Austria. He and President Ballif expressed themselves as being well pleased with the progress of the work here.

The party remained for a short time after the conference, in order to see some of the many interesting features of Vienna.

They attended the famous opera here and saw the noted ro6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Vienna composer, Richard Strauss direct his own opera entitled,

Ariande auj Naxos.

Standing, left to right: Stuart Ragley, Murray; Harry C. Lambourne, Salt Lake City; Jack R. Wright, Thair C.Rich, Ogden; Melvin Lloyd

Kent, Lewiston, Utah; Evelyn Ballif, Melvin P. Pickering, Centerville,

Utah; Mrs. David O. McKay; Jewel Marcus Peterson, Fairview; Robert

N. Anderson, Provo; Willard S. Miller; George O. Larsen, Salt Lake City;

Franz Rimmasch, Konigsberg, Germany. Sitting: Heinrich Sinsel, Nurnberg, Germany; Earl R. Snell, secretary SwissGerman mission; Serge F.

Rallif, president SwissGerman mission; Elder David O. McKay, President

European mission; Walter U. Fuhriman, Providence, Utah.

The president's short visit here was an inspiration to the

Saints and elders, and all determined to carry our work on to success through earnest effort and exemplary living.

We read the Era with the greatest delight. We often loan

out copies to the friends who can read English, and they usually ask if they might borrow another copy. It seems to carry the

pure and noble spirit of "Mprmonism"to the depths of their souls. Accept our best greetings and sincere desire for the success of the Era.

Vienna, Austria, March, 1923.

Fear Thou Not "Thou art my servant. I have chosen thee, and not cast

thee away. Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed;

for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee;

yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.

Behold, all they that were incensed against thee shall be ashamed and confounded."

fearts andffolfyhocks c/7 Story ofLove, Struggle and Society HuthMoenchBel'

Chapter X The Sheriff arrn ed with John and Edna. Judith knew they

had come. She could tell by the deepening line between Phil's

eyes and the sullen set of his jaws. She knew, too, from the same

tokens, that her pleadings and her ruse had been futile.

She could see that Phil was troubled but not softened. And

she realized how useless it would be to try to soften him when she overheard, from his library, a conversation he had with some of his men.

One of the men in the mills had met with an accident that might cost his life. Several of his workmen had come with the

foreman to see what could be done by way of compensation. To

keep the case out of court, Ph'l was willing to offer a small sum which he hoped would be considered sufficient. But the misery

of the men's faces when he had made his small offer, had so jerked at his heart that in exasperation, he retorted to the men's grumbling about short wages and long hours: "You ought to be

thankful for work and wages,"he ripped out, "instead of complaining. Many's the day I put in twelve hours and then carry

the burden to bed with me to thresh it out. And what do I get

out of it? I furnish employment for hundreds of men. And

eat, something to wear, a pillow forwhat do I get?—something to

my head, that throbs so wearily from the burden of it all that many a night a stone wall would do as well. You clamor for

higher wages, shorter hours, division of profits. How many of

you Work without your eyes on the clock or your ears listening for the whistle? How many of you make my interests your

interests? How many of you would do an honest day's work

even, without a foreman over you? You envy my wealth, which

of you would carry the load, the anxiety, the care, the thought that great wealth implies?"

Even after the workmen had gone, Judith could see that

Phil was troubled and her sympathy went out to him;but he excluded her so persistently, as if her mere presence were an intrusion, that she dared not offer a caress or loving word.

Before the day wore away, she caught sight of Edna. She

had remained at home to make sure she should not see her; but

fate had decreed otherwise. Edna passed the house and Judith

was at the window. Edna did not look to the right or to the left,

708 IMPROVEMENT ERA

but straight ahead, too absorbed to be aware, in the least, of her surroundings. But oh, the hunted, hurt look in her eyes!

Judith turned from the window with a moan. Never in her

life had she seen anything so desolate, so completely hopeless as that look. She wanted to run out and clasp Edna in her arms

and beg her to come in. But how could Edna feel friendly to

her while Phil was prosecuting poor John. Again Judith tossed

sleeplessly till morning.

There was an unpleasant quality in the sizzling of women's voices, like the fermenting of bottled fruit, when Judith came into the clubroom and took her place, as president, in the chair reserved for her. An instantaneous hush fell over the company,

prompted largely by the jaded appearance of their president.

Judith was the central figure in the drama about to be staged. They were somewhat in doubt as to how she meant to

take it. As they looked at her more closely, however, they

noticed something about her that awakened a feeling of another sort. Judith was obviously suffering keenly some spiritual anguish. Even breathing was suspended, it seemed, while they

awaited her words. When they came they were so low that a

breath might have made them inaudible.

"I wish to resign as your president,"she observed. There

was a murmur of protest which she did not heed. "I have thought

it all over in the night,"she resumed, "with only the stars and my conscience to question."

She paused a moment, fingering absently her removed glove. "Justice, our clumsy.justice, is a peculiar thing,"she

continued. "It still adds to God's punishment a physical torture

inconsistent, illogical, and we in our clumsy Way smugly prescribe this, not realizing that God's process has already begun and no technicality can set it aside."

She spoke so evenly, so dispassionately that the very souls of the women were hushed in wonder. "Even that would not be

so pitifully ludicrous if we did not so often select for our chastisement, the apparent, not the real sinner. In the instance that

fills our minds today, I am the person; though the law can not

take note of me.

"John loved Edna, as few men can love: as few women are

ever loved. That she might not be outclassed in dress and social

affairs, he speculated with the firm's money. It was stealing, of

course, but he did it all that she might keep the pace, the pace that I had set. I can remember riow, my first pretentious party,

it cost three hundred dollars. We could afford it. Edna followed with a party that cost five hundred dollars. She could not

afford it. We all wondered, at the time, for John was only on

salary. Sealskin coats, tailormade gowns, automobiles came

HEARTS AND HOLLYHOCKS 709

along, and still Edna held her own with her girlhood friend, her more than sister. Then came the crash. John's speculations

failed, the shortage was disovered. He fled, and she followed."

Judith's lip quivered as she contiuned: "I saw Edna yesterday, at a distance. I shall never forget her face. The hunted

look in her eyes is heartbreaking. And she is thin, so pitifully

thin. * * * I can not make restitution, that is the terrible

part. I can do a little towards making amends. I have deeded

to her if she will accept it, the house next to ours, her former home. But I can not erase from her mind the memory of those

two fearful years. The hunted, hurt look must stay—unless we

all help."Only impetuous Kate Blakeston could have spoken out of the hush that was over them. She not only spoke, but she

addressed the chair in anything but conventional terms.

"Why, Judy,"she exploded, "you're surely not going to take her up again after all that has happened?"

Judith sighed wearily: "No, I'm not going to take her up.

I am not worthy to take her up. I might sit at her feet and

learn if she would let me. Her patience and good cheer, her

selfsacrifice, her motherly, wifely devotion to her husband fill me with awe. When she went to him in the bitterest, winter

weather, and we all know what New York is at such times, he was without overcoat, underwear or socks, sick, hungry and despairing, hounded by detectives. Four dollars a week was the

most he had been able to earn. He had saved to make her more

comfortable when she came. For months they have lived on

that amount, suffering in silence, cheering each other. They

were doing better when he answered the decoy advertisement and was caught. I can't help thinking Christ would say: 'Go

and sin no more.'We are women, some of us, mothers. Must it

always be said that women are so hard on one another? I am

pleading for Edna. Can't we take her to our hearts and warm

her? Can't we reach her soul with our love, till the hunted

look leaves her dear eyes?"

There were tears in manyeyes as Judith finished her appeal.

Kate got to her feet. "We'll do anything you say, Judith, anything."

"Thank you,"Judith replied gratefully, "then come to my house tonight, in simple clothes, and we will give Edna the kind of welcome we used to give her. We'll play the old games

that make us laugh in spite of ourselves. We'll dance the old

dances. Bring the men, and we will cheer her up if we can.

It is daring, I know. My husband is against him, and I cannot

tell what he will say. I am risking all for Edna."

710 IMPROVEMENT ERA

What Phil Curwood said when he returned home and found an oldfashioned, merrymaking party in progress, was heard by none. What he thought was another matter. His wife's conversation about John and Edna had disturbed him, though he had given no sign. The newspaper account of their wanderings, which he

read after his wife had left it near him, added to his discomfort.

He had gone through a hard day, besides. There had been an interview with his men, and their stricken faces over the accident to

one of their number. If the accident had happened to himself,

ofwould they have been so concerned, or—he dared not think

they have secretly rejoiced?that—would

Added to this, the little daughter of the workman, a slip of a child with wan, sad face had pleaded with him to save her papa's life. He wanted to be alone to think, and now his house

was filled with merrymaker.". He had burst in among them

unexpectedly and, indignant towards his wife, was about to rush off to his club, when Kate Blakeston caught him by the arm.

And in another minute he was in the midst of a Virginia reel, dancing as he had not danced for years.

He had forgotten everything for the moment, and was feeling lighthearted and gav when he caught sight of Edna.

She was not looking at him, but she was there in his house and the center of sympathetic attentions. He meant to give her a

cold stare, and he did send a look of fury toward his wife. Edna

turned to the door to slip out and he saw that there were tears in her eyes, her lip was quivering and she was looking wistfully toward the entrance as if she longed for a half expected some one.

She was so thin and looked so pitiful that Phil was touched in spite of himself. She was not happy, he could see that. They

were trying to cheer her up and had failed, as his wife might have foreseen.

That one glimpse of Edna's face had told him why she was not happy, why nothing they could do would make her happy.

John was not there to share it with her. A woman whose thoughts

for two years had brooded over one creature, and only one interest, could not be expected to be happy when separated from that creature and his misery.

An unreasoning anger possessed Phil. He detested failure. It

was that more than the financial loss that had angered him against John when he threw them into a receiver's hands and absconded. Judith had staged a smaller failure, but it was a

failure nevertheless. He preferred that even a social affair in his

home should not fail.

Judith caught his eye. She threw him an appealing look,

the sort of glance she used to give him in the old days when they

HEARTS AND HOLLYHOCKS 711

would entertain together and things were going badly, and she wanted him to throw himself into the spirit of things and help out.

Phil's success in everything had always been his instant insight. He could always size up a situation swiftly, strip it of its

external aspects, penetrate to its essentials, grasp his opportunity and have his dividends maturing, so to speak, before his opponents had realized that an opportunity was before them.

Now he was angry and perplexed and sped out into the arbor to think it out.

Once outside, he sat down to consider. But he couldn't

think. He was feeling instead. Feeling was novel sensation to

this young master of finance. A man can't think with his

feeling and amass a fortune. He must work things out to a

cool, logical conclusion. Feelings are a disturbing element.

They are liable to reverse conclusions that have been reached at the end of a chain of faultless logic.

Still a cement wall would have throbbed with pity at the sight of Edna's face. Somewhere under Phil's reserve he became aware of something alive and vital, something capable of

dissolving the stoniest reserve. What memories was it she stirred in him?

Why was it her face should bring sharply before him the puzzled, pleading face of that child of his employee, the face of the little girl who had pleaded with him to save her papa's life?

Why should he see again the wretched home, the despairing wife, the little girl, aged beyond her years? Why should the

scene with his workmen in the afternoon and his irrefutable arguments come up again to harass him?

What was it he saw in Edna's eyes? Was it that love and

longing which every man, though few perhaps would admit it, craves to read in some woman's eyes toward himself. A love that

even wealth could not chill! A something that carried in it a

hint of infinity! A something that he had reached out for once

in his life and fumbled and missed! A something so potent that

compassion for the woman who felt it, respect for the man who inspired it, came over Phil!

Somehow, Edna's face brought up another scene before him.

He had once seen a widow tottering down the aisle after the casket of her husband. Once she swayed as if she would fall.

Then her limbs seemed to fail her altogether. Her head jerked

forward with a spent sob that shook her body, as if it had been a rag powerless to resist. No man in the house ever forgot the

sight. All the chivalry in every man was stirred. All the

tenderness of every man went out to her

Perhaps ev ery man there saw himself in the place of the man 712 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the casket; saw his wife following behind. Did he mean so

much to his wife that his passing would grieve her so? And yet,

to leave her behind so alone, so shaken and not able to comfort her!

But John was not dead! Edna was not a widow! Well, not

exactly! And yet, were her feelings so different ( And John,

how was he bearing it, shut away from her as if in a casket, and she alone to buffet with a world unkind?

Phil strode toward the house to get away from his thoughts and memories. Judith should have consulted him. She should

not have forced his hand. She should not have shamed him

before the town by setting him so apparently in the wrong.

Resentment and anger restored his balance. He returned to the

house and entered the reception hall.

(To be concluded in the July number)

Be Consistent

By Prof. Clawson Y. Cannon, Brigham Yoiaig University

A student was working in the chemistry laboratory on an experiment. Spread out on his desk before him were a number

of pieces of apparatus. After working for some time with his

solutions he was seen to go to his laboratory guide, a book in which were written the instructions that he was following for further information in making his experiment. He finally

progressed to a point where he had two salts in the same solution. These he wished to separate. His instructions told him

that by heating this solution to a certain point, one of the salts would precipitate out so that he could filter the solution and extract this salt. The other one he could obtain by evaporation.

This student had learned through previous experience that the instructions for the experiment must be followed very minutely or the desired results would not be obtained. He had

once before attempted to separate these two salts by this method and had failed. When he saw that he had failed, he examined

very carefully his instructions, and compared what he had done with them. In making this examination, he did not once question the correctness of the method given in his laboratory guide,

but he did question his own exactness in following these instructions. The faith of the student in his instructions was

BE CONSISTENT 713 vindicated on his second trial, when he fulfilled thoroughly the requirements given and successfully separated these two salts.

"Naaman, captain of the hosts of the King of Syria, was a great man with his master, and honorable, because by him the

Lord had given deliverance unto Syria: he was also a mighty

man in valor, but he was a leper.

"And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little maid; and she waited on Naaman's

wife.. "And she said unto her mistress, Would God my lord were with the prophet that is in Samaria! for he would recover him of his leprosy.

"And one went in, and told his lord, saying, Thus and thus said the maid that is of the land of Israel."(II Kings 5:24.)

"So Naaman came with his horses and with his chariot, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha.

"And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, Go and wash in

Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean. "But Naaman was wroth, and went away and said, Behold, I thought,

He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the

Lord his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.

"Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not wash in them and be clean? So he turned

and went away in a rage.

"And his servants came near, and spake unto him, and said, My father, if the prophet had bid thee do some great thing, wouldest thou not have done it? how much rather then, when he saith to thee, Wash, and be clean?

"Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like unto the

flesh of a little child, and he was clean."(II Kings 5:9-14.)

If one will scrutinize the attitude of the student in his experiment in which he did not once question the correctness of his instructions, but blamed his own carelessness in fulfiling them for his failure, and compare it with the attitude of Naaman when he first received instructions from Elisha, he will have typified the attitudes a person is apt to take, on the one hand, toward physical experiments and, on the other, toward things religious. It seems strange that we are willing to follow instructions implicitly to test out scientific problems and yet when

instructions come to us from the servants of the Lord, we are apt to judge them by our own preconceived notions. This often

influences us to ignore the things that will lead us into eternal happiness.

If we would always keep the true scientific attitude when dealing with the theological side of our lives, and follow instructions minutely as was done finally by both the student and

Naaman, we would reap the results promised.

Provo, Utah Footprints

By Orville S. Johnson

The warm red of the perpendicular canyon walls had turned to a cold gray under the touch of misty hands. The dreary fog

poured down the canyon, silent and full of mystery. It was so

still that the figure, squatted at the mouth of a cavern, seemed to be listening to the billions of atoms as they rubbed against one another in their rush through space. He shivered as he bent

to stir the smoldering fire to brisker life. It was plain that he

was used to silence and gray mist.

Far up the canyon, where its sandstone walls were sloping and soft a dark gray shape bounded swiftly across the canyon to the westward. A little later the same shape bounded back

into the canyon, and turning southward, followed the winding gorge toward the dying fire and silent man. Silently as the fog

it moved, but swifter, and ever it seemed to be looking for danger to spring from the gloom. First on one side, then back

to the other as it moved on its way down the ever narrowing, deepening canyon. Often it stopped, standing so still that it

seemed but a part of the mist, only to move restlessly forward, looking ever backward. And had it not been for the mist

it would have learned much that would have been unwelcome to it.

The figure of the man became as a statue, while it watched a smooth gray shape, barely discernible through the mist, pass within ten feet of him. Once past, the gray body gathered itself

into a crouching position for the shortest time possible, and bounded away down the canyon with expanded nostrils and fast beating heart. The gentle moving air had brought him fear

when he had passed the man.

Far up the canyon, where the gray shape had been, a tawny, yellow body padded swiftly and silently down the canyon upon the trail left by the gray shape of the whitetailed deer. It was a

presentiment of some such thing that had kept the deer on the alert on its way down, and that had caused it to speed forward so swiftly upon receiving the danger signal from the air when passing the man's cave. It was the feeling that danger was following that kept the big buck wary even after a mile was

between him and the man.

A low snarl from out of the mist, brought the man to his

FOOTPRINTS 715

feet with a low exclamation of surprise. The canyon rang

with the report of three revolver shots, but a deep silence soon buried them, and the fog swept onward exultant in its power to hide mysteries. The man walked about the mouth of

the cave for a minute irresolutely, then standing inside and taking up his rifle started down the canyon on the trail of the cougar. "Something's going to happen,"he muttered, "and I'm pretty sure I'll be able to pay that debt."

The fog was lifting away up the canyon where the drama started. And idly humming a tune through his nose, a man,

mounted on a horse, was following close upon the heels of excitement. Gasting his eyes down for a look at the ground,

he saw the trail of the cougar. He saw also the marks left

by the buck, but as they were not uncommon to him in his frequent travels down that canyon he made no mental note of them. The track of the cougar, however, interested him. He

dismounted and examined it with a little care; exclaimed

over its freshness, told his horse that he guessed they'd be going, and started forward at an easy gallop. Even a game warden

has a dramatic sense.

He never stopped until he reached a point two miles below the cave where Lew Reman had watched the buck and cougar pass. At that point a deep gorge merged with the main canyon,

cutting in from the west. The buck had wanted to go west in

the first place, and he turned west into that gorge. The cougar

followed him. The fog settled again, and Warden Davis missed

the trails only after he had passed the canyon for some distance.

When he got back to the mouth of the gorge, he got off his horse and examined the ground carefully, until he found the cougar's track leading straight up the narrow opening.

"Great guns and little fishes!"he exploded, "there's

going to be a fight. Not a mere give and take affair, but a real

death struggle."And then he saw the prints of the other man's

feet. "Getting blind."he muttered. "I've followed that track

for goodness knows how long and never seen it. Yes, I guess

there'll be a fight sure enough."

Lew Reman did not know the country as well as Davis.

Yet he felt that something was going to happen. Cautiously he

had followed the trails and was sure the cougar was hot on the scent, with the buck only half aware of its danger. He felt that

he was being drawn into a strange but thrilling position, but was not prepared for what met his eye when the fog lightened for a moment under the fan of an insistent western breeze.

his gaze. No visible placeA hundred foot wall of rock met

716 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of ascent met his eye, and he knew the trail had led that far.

To the extreme right, thirty feet away, however, a narrow chasm seemed to lead somewhere and into that he discovered the leading characters had been drawn. Twenty feet up that ten foot

chasm he stopped. A low, but unmistakable snarl reached his

ear. He knew he had heard that identical snarl before.

Looking hard he made out the crouching form of the tawny body about fifteen feet ahead. Its head was not turned his way,

yet he knew he was discovered. He glanced at the ground and

saw the deep indentations made by the feet of the buck. It

had received its certainty of danger too late. He could hear some

low thumping sounds that he fancied must be its frightened heart beats. He even fancied he could make out the vague,

gray shape out in the mist past the cougar. But it faded and

came again so easily that he wasn't sure. It began to

seem like the dull beats were getting louder. Suddenly

the air was rent with a loud screech. At the same moment the

tawny body shot forward into the mist and nothing could be seen. Snarls, gasps and growls issued from the twilight fog,

finally followed by the terrorstricken buck. Reman was in its

path. Almost unconsciously he pulled the trigger of his rifle

which he had at his side. The buck leaped wildly into the air

and sank to the ground again, plowing furrows with nose, knees, and brisket, then rolled struggling onto its side, almost at Reman's feet. As if by magic a tawny form appeared upon the

body of the buck, glaring defiance at the man, and snarling its disgust. Suddenly it crouched. Reman felt his heart leap

into his throat as he saw its intention. There was no time to fire,

no place to dodge. It would be a case of grin and bear it. In

a flash he saw the great, cruel claws as they spread for the leap.

The ugly head opened at the mouth and showed what looked to be multitudes of needlelike tiger teeth eager for their share in the play. He bent forward instinctively to receive the

heavy impact. Feeling that he needed only time to draw his revolver before he could win, he dropped his gun knowing that

long before his hand could reach the gun he would be borne down, yet resolute upon getting that weapon into use as soon as possible. The deafening report of a rifle stunned him. He

reached his weapon with his hand, hauled it forth to shoot. The

form of the cougar was writhing in its death struggle.

"He nearly got you, pardner,"a pleasant voice said, and for a vague moment Reman wondered if he were dead. A moment

later he was shaking hands with Bob Davis and telling him how glad he was to see him!

Together they skinned the cougar, and together they carried the body of the deer to a wider, more comfortable skinning

FOOTPRINTS 717

place. Reman was so silent while skinning the deer that Davis

asked him if he was still afraid he was dead.

"Not quile that,"replied Reman, "but you see, I had it all figured out to use the bounty on that cougar to pay a certain debt. I didn't care about the deer, I didn't even want to kill

him, but had to or else get tramped over by his sharp feet.

And when I shot him, the cougar was onto me so quick I couldn't even draw again."

"I know,"responded the warden. "I saw it all, wasn't ten

feet behind you when you shot the deer. Had my gun out all

the time. I'll trade you the cougar for the deer!"

"Done!"was all Reman could say; he felt much more.

Connonville, Utah.

Judge Not

How oft we judge our dearest friends

For things that they may say or do.

We add a burden to their souls,

And make their hearts feel heavy too

The outside coat is all we see,

We know so little of the cause.

Perhaps if we could see as they

We'd let our words die in a pause.

For unkind words expressed in haste

Oft cause the speaker sad regret.

The injured one you may forgive,

But in his heart he can't forget.

J How often when we see a friend

Departing from the path of right,

We give him knocks that push him down

Instead of helping win his fight.

If we would take him by the hand,

And guide him from the snares he's sown.

We'd keep him from the depths of sin,

From which he needs must climb alone.

'Tis oft we sin in others'eyes;

We sometimes hate and hold a grudge.

We are ourselves not perfect yet,

So God alone should be the judge.

friends, could we but look for good,

The faults and failings never see,

We'd leave the world far better, when

We pass into eternity.

B. Y. U. Provo, Utah Flora D. Robinson

On the Way to South America

By Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian

I left Salt Lake City, Jan. 22, 1923, on an educational trip to

Central and South America, but stopped several days in California, engaged in historical labors in the interest of the Church.

After attending a celebration in Sacramento, Jan. 24, in

commemoration of the discovery of gold on the American River seventyfive years ago, I proceeded to Coloma (together with

Elder Thos P. Page, my traveling companion), where we visited

the site of Sutter's old saw mill and a monument erected in honor of James W. Marshall, who was foreman for Mr. Sutter

and had charge of the men who were building the mill in 1848.

It will be remembered that some of these men had served in the

Mormon Battalion and had only sought temporary employment in California prior to their going to the valley of the Great Salt

Lake.

We also visited Mormon Island (on the American river) which place has an interesting history amd was for several years the headquarters for the 'brethren''who worked in the mines. It was at this

place also that the first missionarieswere called to the Sandwich Islands in the latter part of 1850.

Mormon Island is about 25 miles from Sacramento, while Coloma is about 50 miles above that city.

The real Mormon Island was simply a sand bar in the river where the "Mormon"boys first found gold in the river bed, but Andrew Jenson the town or mining

ON THE WAY TO SOUTH AMERICA 719

camp, which ever since has been called Mormon Island, and at one time had 3,000 inhabitants, was built on both banks of the south fork of the American river, immediately above the point where the north and south forks of said river unite, and 25 miles below (at Sacramento) becomes a tributary of the great Sacramento river. There is only a small store and a few farm houses

around there now.

While in California I also obtained information concerning the exact location of the original Yerba Bueno, which the Brooklyn company of Saints, soon after their arrival in the bay of San

Francisco, in 1847, turned into the present AngloSaxon town of San Francisco.

I also found where the pioneer settlement of New Hope was founded by a part of the Brooklyn Saints, in the latter part of 1846, in what is now San Joaquin county. The place, which is

about 20 miles from Stockton, is no longer in existence as a town, or even a village, the site being included in a country farm, but that does not prevent us from saying truthfully that New Hope was the first AngloSaxon settlement founded in the beautiful

San Joaquin Valley, which now contains seven of the most flourishing counties of California. The site of New Hope is on

the right bank, or north side, of the Stanislaus river, about one and one half miles above the junction of the Stanislaus with the San Joaquin river. The noted Samuel Brannan, the leader

of the Brooklyn company, caused the settlement to be founded with the expectation that the Church would locate its headquarters there, but after his vain effort to induce President Brigham Young to give up his idea of settling the Nauvoo exiles in

Great Salt Lake Valley, and go to the San Joaquin Valley instead, New Hope was broken up, and later most of the brethren, who no doubt otherwise would have founded a permanent settlement there, found their way to Utah.

We sailed from San Francisco Jan. 31, and after a very pleasant voyage lasting 18 days, we arrived at the Pacific end of the

Panama Canal, Feb. 18. On our way down the coast our ship

called at different ports in Mexico, Guatemala, Salvador and

Nicaragua. From La Libertad, we went inland by automobile

about 25 miles and visited San Salvador, the beutiful capital of the republic of Salvador, suituated near the base of the volcano

Quezaltepec. Only a few years ago an earthquake destroyed

the city of San Salvador, bit it has since been built up as a modern city with regular streets, fine plazas, and beautiful parks.

The city can boast of the finest government building in Central

America. San Salvador, situated in a large basin 2,115 feet above

sea level, has about 80,000 inhabitants.

Central America consists of six small republics (Guatemala,

HO IMPROVEMENT EftA

Honduras, Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Panama) and one Crown Colony (British Honduras). The total area of these

seven governments is about 211,000 square miles and the number of inhabitants is approximately 6,000,000. The majority of the

inhabitants are of mixed Spanish and Indian blood, but there are many fullblooded Indians, and in some parts quite a number of negroes, mostly importations from the West Indies. Central

America is a mountainous country, abounding with volcanoes, some of which are still active; earthquakes are of frequent occurrence and many cities and towns have been destroyed in years

gone by through the eruption or sudden outbursts of fire and ashes from the angry volcanoes or the opening of the earth's crust whereby thousands of human beings have been swallowed up in the bowels of the earth or otherwise destroyed during"the quakes.

The coast climate of the Central American republics is hot and generally unhealthy, but in the elevated interior mountain valleys, cool and pleasant. All the capitals and principal cities

are built inland and some of them at considerable elevation;

only a few of the people make their permanent homes in the lowlands, and there are only a few seaport towns where steamers land goods from distant manufacturing centers, and take on board cargoes of coffee, bananas, cocoanuts, sugar, hard woods, dye woods, rubber, indigo, gold, silver, copper, rice, tobacco, hides, etc. There are next to no natural harbors on the Pacific*

coast; hence, the shipping is done from the open roadsteads

by lighters, and ordinary boats. Many of the natives are engaged

in farming and cattleraising.

The metric system for weights and measures has been adopted generally by the Central American countries, but each country has a money system of its own. Thus Guatemala uses

the peso (divided into 100 centavos) worth at present 2 cents in

U. S. money. In British Honduras there is a gold standard based

upon that of the United States, and American money circulates interchangably with that of the colony. In Honduras the silver

peso (of 100 centavos) is the unit, worth 43 cents in American money. Sah ador's money system is on a gold basis, the unit

is the colon (divided in 100 centavos) fixed by law at two for the American dollar. In Nicaragua the unit is the cordoba

(divided into 100 centavos) equal to $1 in U. S. money. In Costa

Rica there is a gold standard, the unit being the colon (divided into 100 centavos) worth about 46 cents in U. S. money. In

Panama the gold balboa (divided into 100 centavos) is the unit, and is worth 50 cents in U. S. money.

The Spanish language is the official language of all Central

American countries, but many of the educated people speak

ON THE WAY TO SOUTH AMERICA 721

English, hence anyone speaking English in traveling will generally get along without much difficulty in the larger towns;

among the farmers and country people generally some knowledge of Spanish is almost indispensable.

The U. S. S. "Utcvfi"in the Pedro Miguel Locks, Panama Canal

We have waited here ten days for an opportunity to sail for

South America. At last we have secured passage and sail tomorrow on the Grace steamer Santa Luisa for Callao, Peru. While

sojourning at Panama we have had a splendidopportunity to study the magnificence of the great Panama Canal, the cities of

Panama and Colon, old Panama, etc., but as most of the readers

of the Era, no doubt, have read articles on the Panama Canal aga'n and again, I will here simply state that I consider this canal the greatest engineering achievement of the age, and yet the whole system is so natural and so simple that one is led to wonder why that water way was not opened centuries ago. It

is not the possibilities of the undertaking that call forth admiration, now that the canal is finished, but it is the grandeur of the whole, the gigantic proportions of the locks, the artificial lakes, the dams, the spilways, the enormous Culebra Cut, etc.,

which causes the visitor to stop and consider, and, if he is an

American, feel proud that Americans did the work when others had failed.

The following items about the "big ditch"are culled from 722 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a recently published government pamphlet on the Panama

Canal: The canal channel is 42 miles in length between shore lines, or eight miles more than the air line distance. It is five miles long from deep

water in one ocean to deep water in the other. The highest point on the

center line of the canal was 312 feet above the level of the sea. Each of

the twin chambers in every flight of locks has a usable length of 1000 feet, and width of 110 feet, and is about 70 feet deep. The flights are duplicate

so that ships may be passed in opposite directions simultaneously. The

Gatun dam and spillway have an aggregate length of 8,400 feet, is a half mile wide at the base, sloping gently to a width of 100 feet at the top which is 105 feet above sea level. The surface is planted with grass and

shrubbery, and the east wing is the site of a 9-hole golf links. The width

of the canal channel is 500 feet in the sealevel sections, from 500 to 1000 feet in Gatun Lake and 300 feet in the cut. It can handle the largest

ships in existence, 48 in a day or about 17,000 in a year. On Sept. 26, 1913,

the first test operation of Gatun locks took place, and the actual work on the canal was begun by the French Jan. 28, 1882, and the rights and property

were purchased by the United States June 28, 1902; the American occupation of the zone began May 4, 1904, and on Aug,. 15, 1914, the canal was

opened to commerce, the official opening was proclaimed by the President,

July 12, 1920.

Panama, Feb. 28, 1923.

Tomorrow

Tomorrow gives many a promise,

To all in the glad glow of health,

For life with its gay merrymaking,

Hints only of joy and of wealth.

Tomorrow I'll seek out my neighbor,

Who, bowed down with trials and sore,

Shall smile as I greet him in gladness,

Before 1 have turned from his door.

Today I have duties—too many,

With joytime and pleasures in store,

No time can I spare till tomorrow 'So oft I had thought it before!)

lint oft it's too late on the morrow,

My neighbor—they've laid him away!

The good I would do in the morning

Must wait yet another long day.

The house all about is in mourning,

The words I was going to say, To gladden the heart of my neighbor,

Fall cold on my own heart today.

Today—Let us make it a watchword,

To blend in our hearts'sweetest song,

Our good deeds leave not till tomorrow,

Do them now, e're today shall be gone,

Mesa, Arizona. Mrs. E. G. Phelps.

Qualities and Virtues Needed Today

By J. C. Hogenson, of the Utah Agricultural College

In Proverbs 6, we read:

him—ATheseproudsix thingslook, dotha lyingthe tongue,Lord hate,and yea,handsseventhatareshedan innocentabominationblood,untoa

heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that are swift in running to mischief, a false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among his brethren.

All of us hare seen people who possess one or more of the above bad qualities and know how that even we hate any and all of those things in our fellows.

Qalities which young people as well as older ones need for success and happiness may be mentioned as follows:

Reverence for God.—Love God and keep his commandments and you

will'never go far astray.

that they Respect for Law.—Too many people today glory in the fact

are able to break the law. This is bound to have an evil effect sooner or

later. there Appreciation.—In many places and among many young people

appears to be an utter lack of appreciation of what other pepole do for them and for their welfare. Cultivate that spirit of appreciation. It will help so

much to make the world better, brighter and happier. Do not carry about

with you the matterof-fact spirit that the help of other people come to you because they owe it to you. Appreciate it and show your appreciation.

promises lightly. Mean what you say and Dependability.—Do not make

do what you say, so that other people can absolutely depend upon you at all times and under all circumstances.

in every detail. Never slip over any Accuracy.—Learn to be accurate

task lightly, but always put into every effort the very best there is in you.

is never attained by careless or Thoroughness.—Be thorough. Success

slipshod methods, but by those who master and practice every detail.

sake, and because it is right, Honesty.—To be honest for honesty's

and not because it is the best policy means a big measure toward success.

it. Success comes to those who Knowledge.—Know your work and love

master every detail of the business or work which they are called upon to do.

Know your work and you will love it. Fitly the man who continually

has to do work he does not love. Each day for him is drudgery, and happiness is not his portion. He never tries to increase his knowledge, regarding his work and hence promotion never comes.

Respect for other people's rights.—How often we see people who never

think of the rights of the other fellow, but who guard very jealously their 724 IMPROVEMENT ERA

own. We must always remember that the other fellow has rights equal to,

and similar to our own.

Responsibility.—Learn to take and appreciate the responsibility that

comes to you. Never shirk it. We are told that responsibility makes men.

The person who shrinks from having responsibility placed upon him never amounts to anything. He is always a follower and never a leader.

yourself puffed up with pride. It Humility.—Be humble. Never feel

is the humble person who always gains the respect and confidence of his fellow men and who comes nearest to his God.

Love our fellow men.—Love warms the heart and makes us kind and

truly great.

a sympathy for all living creatures and this symSympathy.—Cultivate

pathy will return love to you.

is the watchword of today. You can get nowhere unless Efficiency.—This

you are efficient in everything you undertake to do.

precept. Be what you want Example.—Example is always better than

others to be and be in very deed what other people think you are.

When we can banish selfishness and forget self in the welfare of others; when we can dedicate our life to service; then

we are helping and doing our full share in bringing about the universal brotherhood of man as Cod would have us do.

Logan, Utah.

Two scenes on Main Street, Salt Lake City, in the great Boys'Parade, April 28... More than ten tltousas.d boys were in the procession tliat day.

New Mission Presidents

Angus T. Wright, the Recently Appointed President of

the New Zealand Mission

Elder Wright was born July 24, 1856, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and is the son of William H. and Emma Taylor Wright. With his parents

he came to Utah in 1859, settling in Richmond, Cache Valley, where they

Angus T. Wright

726 IMPROVEMENT ERA

remained until 1878. W. H. Wright established a mercantile house in Ogden,

in 1875, in which Angus T. and the other sons joined. It is still one of

the leading business institutions of that city. Elder Wright was one of

the first members of the Y. M. M. I. A. Weber stake central committee,

in 1878. He was appointed the corresponding secretary of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations of that stake, in 1881. He was elected

to the school board in 1884, to the city council in 1885, serving until 1887, when he was reelected but served only until he was called on a mission to New Zealand that year. He presided over that mission until released

in 1889. Returning to Ogden in 1890, he was ordained a high priest, and in

September succeeded Edward H. Anderson, who was then called to preside over the Scandinavian mission, as superintendent of the Weber stake

Y. M. M. I. A. In this position he continued for a number of years until

May 21, 1899, when John L. Herrick, later president of the Western States

mission, succeeded him. In 1897 Elder Wright was appointed a member of

iht Board of Trustees of the State Industrial School, and became the president of the Board in 1899. In 1901 he became the president of the Weber

Club; and the following year, was chosen a member of the high council

of the Weber stake of Zion. In 1911 he was appointed a trustee of the

Agricultural College in which position he served until he resigned to fill his present and second call to New Zealand.

Elder Wright has always been active in business and public affairs and a diligent laborer in the Church. His wife, Martha J. Wright, is a daughter

of the late Hon. Charles F. Middleton. She accompanied him to his new

field of labor, being set apart by President Anthony W. Ivins on the 30th

of March. Elder Wright was set apart on the same day for his present

duties by the First Presidency, President Heber J. Grant being mouth.

They sailed on the 27th of April from Vancouver. Elder Wright's skill

in the language, his wide experience in temporal affairs and in general association with business and religious people, together with his extended service in the Church at home and abroad, eminently fit him for the mission to which he has been appointed. Sister Wnght's experience

in the home and in the presidency of the M. I. A. and other organizations

well qualify her to do the work, as the mother of the mission.

John Soren Hansen, Recently Appointed President of the

Danish Mission

John Soren Hansen, recently appointed president of the Danish mission, left for Copenhagen, Tuesday, April 3, 1923. Born September 6, 1877,

in that city, he is a son of Soren Hansen and Christina Andersen. His

parents joined the Church in 1880, and he was baptized, April 5, 1889. He

was ordained a deacon, August 2, 1891; a teacher, February 5, 1893; and a

priest, December 30, 1894. He was always a faithful attendant in the

Sunday school, and a diligent student of English under the missionaries in his native land, taking advantage of every opportunity to learn. While in

Copenhagen he acted as teacher among the Saints, and assistant superintendent of the M. I. A., the president usually being an elder fcutu ion. At the

age of 13 he was a teacher in the mission Sunday school. In company

with his father he emigrated to Utah, October 6, 1898. His mother, sister,

and his fiance, Anna C. V. Jensen, followed the next year, and he was married

to her June 15, 1900. In Utah, he continued his interest in Church activities. He was ordained an elder by Edwin Bennion, acted as superintendent

NEW MISSION PRESIDENTS 727

of the Grant ward Sunday School for two years, was president of the Y.

M. M. I. A. there for three years; was class instructor and later, president

of the twelfth quorum of elders in the Granite stake, whicn at that time comprised also the Cottonwood stake; ordained a Seventy, January 15,

1912, by President Charles H. Hart, and filled a twoyear Mission to

Scandinavia, April, 191214, laboring as writer and translator for Skandinaviens Stjerne. He compiled a Sunday School outline in Danish for use

in the mission Sunday Schools, and during his stay, baptized 18 converts.

Returning, he acted as a home missionary and was set apart as president of the 140th quorum of Seventy by Elder Rulon S. "WJells. He was ordained

a high priest by President Frank Y. Taylor, April 21, 1918, ana set apart as

second counselor to Bishop Stayner Richards of the Highland Park ward in the Granite stake of Zion, where he has labored up to the present with energy and enthusiasm in ward and stake affairs. On the 30th of March,

1923, he was set apart for his present mission by the first Presidency,

President Charles W. Penrose being mouth. Since April 1, 1915, he has

John S. Hansen

aited as editor of Bikuben, the Danish Church paper, as publisher, and translator of a number of wellknown Church books into the Danish language, comprising eleven volumes of original translation anions them the following: Journal of Wilford Woodruff,, Life of Brigham Young,

John Stevens'Courtship, The Rule of AntiChrist, Teachings of Joseph the

Prophet, Biography of CCA. Christcnsen, the latter being from original

notes. His experience, faithfulness, and integrity should enable him to

carry on the labors of the mission to which he has now ueen called with great success.

728 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hugo D. E. Peterson, Recently Appointed President of

the Swedish Mission

Elder Peterson is the son of Isaac Peterson and Anna Sophia Gardstedt

Peterson, and was born in the city of Wisby, Isle of Gottland, Sweden, Aug-

m

j fl

i HI Jb'm W&WK.

Hugo D. E. Peterson

iibt 14, 1860. He was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, May 11, 1873, his parents having become converts to the gospel a few years before. He was ordained a priest, April 27, 1880; an elder, August 31,

1881; a seventy, February 23, 1885, and is at present a member of the

council of the Fourth Quorum of Seventy. At the age of 19 years he

was called to go to mission headquarters at Copenhagen, Denmark, to edit the Swedish mission monthly, Nordstjernan, under the direction of PresiNEW MISSION PRESIDENTS 129

dent Niels Wilhelmsen and Christian D. Fjeldsted, serving in that position

for about two and a half years. Emigrating, to Utah, he arrived in Salt Lake

City, July, 1883, and located in Scipio, Millard county, the home town of his parents. Here he worked for some time as tithing and store clerk

for the late Bishop Thomas Yates. In the early part of 1884, he was employed in the Deseret News office, where he continued his trade as compositor. He has been active as a Church worker, especially as choir leader

in the Scandinavian meetings, in Salt Lake City, serving in that capacity under Presidents Andrew W. Winberg and J. M. Sjodahl for about 25 years.

On January 26, 1906, Elder Peterson was called and set apart as the first president of the Swedish meetings in the Ensign stake, which position he held for ten years, when, owing to other duties, he was honorably released.

In 1909, he was appointed by the First Presidency to compile and publish the two Scandinavian psalmodies, Zions Sanger in Swedish, and Zions Sange in DanishNorwegian, which were completed and printed the following year. In June, 1914, the First Presidency placed him in charge of Utah

Posten, a Swedish weekly publication, which he has edited and published up to the present time. For several years past he has been one of the

28 elders called to administer to the sick daily in the Latterday Saints'

Hospital in Salt Lake City, in which labor of love he continued until his departure to fill his new calling in the mission field. He has been one of

the special missionaries in the Ensign stake during the past year.

Brother Peterson was married to Axeline Manuella Nielsen, May 23, 1884, in the Endowment House, Salt Lake City. The couple have been

blessed with four sons and five daughters, all living. Two sons have

filled missions in Scandinavia, and a third son served during the great war under the late General Richard W. Young, in France. Sister Peterson and

the 14year-old daughter, Mildred, accompany Elder Peterson to his new field of labor. They left Salt Lake City, May 25, and were to sail from

New York to Copenhagen on Oscar II, May 31.

Temple Worker to his Wife

My loved one. As the years so swiftly run

Another are seventyone, passes—you

The past is gone, the future speeds this way

We may review and speculate today.

You have to me been truest, kindest wife—

My soul's companion, partner of my life,

Sharing my sorrows, making joys more sweet,

Life's dreams and aims and duties more complete.

Stand by me still, dear heart, and when you can,

Step forth and aid again Christ's saving plan,

Assisting in the temple of the Lord

To bring to others highest, best reward.

Then with our children in the time to be

Serving our Father still, from earthcares free;

Rejoicing still, true husband and true wife,

We shall progress through everlasting life.

—L. Lulu Greene Richards.

Some Platitudes

By Alfred Lambourne

Yes, I might call these few random thoughts platitudes, for that is what they surely are. Platitudes, because we have all received the same thoughts, no doubt; and yet they might be

original to each one of us. I always feel mentally flattered

when I discover that some thought of mine but parallels a thought that has come to some writer whom I admire. Such a

discovery establishes a relationship of mind or soul that is pleasant to one's vanity at least.

Therefore, platitudes, and if I am fortunate enough to find a response in the mind of a reader parallel to some thought of his or hers, let us shake hands in the unseen friendship.

Release The other day the foolish resolve came to me that I would do a bit of autobiographical writing, and afterwards came this thought: Alpha and Omega! As persons cannot write at first hand

about their entry into this world of action, so neither can they tell of their own demise. The more is the pity! One would

like to gather up the ravelled threads of the broken cord of life and see them in the completed circle. What a delightsome moment that must be when the soul, made free of the tenement of

earthly being, looks on the now useless clay? Unless, indeed—

Well, I have listened, through the words of spiritualist mediums, to the supposed accounts of the departed. I have waited upon

the statements of Theosophists, and I have read the Mesmeric Revelations of Edgar A. Poe; and also the Strange Case

of M. Valdemar by the same gifted writer, as well as his The

for the imagination, yetColloquy of Monos and Una—all food

how one would like to know truly concerning the moment of release. Spiritism, Theosophy, Mesmerism, the projection of

the poetic imagination into the realms of unknown, have left me as wise as I was before. My venture into autobiography, if I

pursue it further, must, like all others, remain uncompleted.

After all, have I not confounded the boundary lines? How

ery differently, indeed, the process of death, the final moments of life as related from the opposite spheres of thought! But

release? Ah, never might the soul cease release from progress!

But from the burden of the aging flesh, yes. Release from the

limitation of the mortal senses, of space and time.

SelfAnalysis is no more often quoted ad- "Man, know thyself"—there

monition by any sage. Yes, know, and then show a further wisSOME PLATITUDES 731

dom in remaining silent. What is more egotistical than a word

picture of one's self? And yet there has been some formal and

remarkable men who have indulged themselves in this weakness.

Sir Thomas Browne, for instance. In his ReligioMedica the

sententious writer has given us an exalted likeness of himself, and it were well for one if he could justly desire some of the high hope and beliefs of the old writer. Then there is Milton writing

nobly of himself in A True Poem, and the garrulous Pepy's own portrait in his now deciphered cryptogram in his stately Diary;

there is Samuel Richardson, too, who has given himself almost world renown by his skill as a wordartist in his letter to Lady

Bradshaigh, and what a recreation of one's self is the Journal of Marie Bashkirtseff; the wonderful young Russian lives again

in her pages. Nor do we lack for the very latest of the modern

instances. In the endless manner of today's biographies we see

the very essence of the human egotism. Ah, yes, they take us

back to when we find a difference only in kind between the

Pensees of Pascal and the Commentaries of Caesar.

"Man, know thyself:"yes, indeed. There is the beginning

of wisdom. But to what purpose? Perhaps we are all quite vain

enough to desire that our fellow creatures might know what manner of men we are. And yet, is it important to the world

the details or even the aggregate of our least or highest doings?

Vanitus vanitatum! That is our mood today—but tomorrow?

Retrospection Great experiences are things to be coveted. So, perhaps,

the truly fortunate beings are those who have scaled the heights of rapture and descended to the depths of sorrow. Extremes

must meet before a circle is formed. One segment in the circle

of experience must be as important as another. Pleasure and

pain; success and failure; these are all essential to the rounded

exthe devil told a truth in the Garden of Eden,—andlife.—surelyYes, and I will add, to the rounded memory. Experience

perience goes to the making of gods and men. One would like

to receive answers to his own soul's questionings from certain shades of the august dead. What completeness of opposites must

occupy the retrospection of ancient shades! "Through a glass

experiences of the lesser human beings are as imdarkly"—the

portant to them as are the experiences of the great. The human

race has not yet become a race of stoics. The philosophers who

followed the teachings of Zeno only bade us know the half of the circle and would leave us forever incomplete.

But we return to our question on retrospection. Ah, experience is the true teacher, and retrospection surely one of its

gieatest benefits. Ask the ghost of the Corsican, he who desired

732 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to rule the world, think you that he would tell us after all that he regretted his lesson of St. Helena? William of Normandy,

was he taught more in his days of triumph than in the miseries of his last days on earth? And Alexander? The Grecian's

all his vicdeath on the banks of the Nile—what counterpoise to

tories! Question the defeated Xerxes and the assassinated Caesar, would one regret his humiliation at Salamis? the other the

livdagger of Brutus? O, retrospection—how wonderful to theing! What must it be to the dead? Retrospection—Socrates

and the cup of hemlock! Job and the dunghill! Jesus upon the

Cross

Friendship and Love I have been reading the Sonnets of Michael Angelo. Surely

more noble verse has never been written. How strange and unusual was the spectacle presented! We mean the spectacle of

love so overcoming in his period of age, that intellectual giant!

Michael Angelo reversed the usual tale of love; no young man

was he when he so 'oved, but one stricken with years. It was

after his tremendous life labors and unparalleled achievements in the realm of art, that he bowed to woman's beauty, became the adorer of Vittoria Colonna. Painter of the great fresco,

representing the Last Judgment in the Sistine Chapel; sculptor of the wonderful statue of Moses, the designer of the vast

edifice of St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome; Angelo was humble in

love as a little child; and became a poet in his adoration. That

this love like that of Tasso and Petrarch was hopeless makes no difference to the tale. The grizzled Angelo believed that love

hallowed his age, and that beauty sublimed his love. For us the

love of the great Italian produced for our reading the marvelous

Sonnets. a Golconda mine of lifewealth is there! Friendship—what

Whole libraries have been written upon that theme. Friendship is as rare as faith, more rare than lo\e. Chaff, chaff! lies,

lies! How much there is of chaff and lies. So much of chaff

and lies in the protestations and actions of men, in art, in science, in history, in philosophy, and in socalled theology! There is so

much that it is apparently useless in all things, there is so much that is apparently a lie. How shall we tell that which is chaff

and that which is wheat? What a pity, in friendship or love,

to take the chaff and lies and lose that which is wheat and truth.

In friendship I believe with Mohammed, give me one true friend, one who believes in and understands me, and how easy to face an adverse world. And how much more true is the courage that is

given from love. Give one love, the refuge of a heart; then, come

what may, still he shares with heaven.

Gems of Thought

HI—CHEERFULNESS

"The voice that smiles wins."Theodore N. Vail.

"A merry heart doeth good like a medicine."Solomon.

"Men are, that they might have joy."Book of Mormon.

"Man's chief mundane end is the pursuit of happiness."B. C. Forbes.

"Cheerfulness will open a door when other keys fail."B. C. Forbes.

"All who would win joy must share it; happiness is born a twin."

Byron. "You must take joy with you, or you will not find it, even in heaven."

Selected. "Cultivate the habit of smiling hardest when things look blackest."

Thomas E. Wilson.

"He is the happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his own home."Goethe.

"There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy."

R. L. Stevenson.

"One should lake care not to grow too wise for so great a pleasure as laughter."Addison.

"The habitually cheerful person wears the lines of his face curving upward, not downward."Litt.

"There is always room for one more, if that one be an incentive to happiness."Anna Maud Hallam.

"I have noticed that folks are just about as happy as they have made up their minds to be."Abraham Lincoln.

"Earning a living is the thing which occupies most of our time; but

why shouldn't we be happy doing it?"Frank Winslow.

"Happiness comes from striving, doing, loving, achieving, conquering always something positive and forceful."David Starr Jordan.

"Blessed are the happiness makers; blessed are they who know how to

shine on ones gloom with their cheer."Henry Ward Beecher.

"It takes sixtyfour muscles of the face to make a frown, and only thirteen to make a smile. Why work overtime?"Scrap Book.

"Nothing will supply the want of sunshine to peaches, and to make knowledge valuable you must have the cheerfulness of wisdom."Emerson.

"It's a fine, heartening thing, is cheerfulness; and do we value it as

highly as it deserves? There's a flavor about it, like hot buttered toast on

. Currie.a cold day, eaten round a fire while people crack jokes."Barton W

Helps in TeacherTraining (To accompany Lesson 9, How We Learn, TeacherTraining Text, 1923)

Written for the General Church Board of Education, by L. John Nuttall,

Brigham Young University

PERCEPTION

"Why speakest thou unto them in parables?"

"Therefore speak I unto them in parables: because they seeing see not,

and hearing hear not, neither do they understand."

By seeing we mean first that stimulations reach the eye and affect it as was discussed in our lesson on sensation. Similarly all of the senses receive

these stimuli from the outside. We now come to the second stage of this

process of learning of the world about us. Christ would have us, seeing,

really see. In the nervous system this means a receiving of all of the

sensations from one of the various objects around us so related that we come to interpret these as meaning the object itself and this meaning is in control of what we will do in the presence of the object. The following

is an illustration of this process of interpreting groups of sensations. A

man was driving an automobile through a village and saw a comparatively new tire lying by the side of the road. He stopped, got out of the car,

examined the tire and took it with him. There was no hesitancy or doubt

in his action. Whether he kept the tire or located the owner is not

our problem. This same man was driving his car out on a mountain road

and saw a similar tire. He looked at it, slowed down, then suddenly with

a burst of speed raced past the spot without even looking around. Here were

practically the same sensations causing almost totally opposite action results. How was it that in one case, the sight of the tire meant something

to investigate and take, and in the other case, the sight of the tire suggested holdups and therefore something to get away from?

We know that sensations do not come alone. From the tires the same

sensation came but perception or meaning comes from the entire group of sensations from the objects themselves and their relationships or setting.

Thus what seemed to be similar situations were really different. One was

a tire in a safe village street, one was a tire on an unguarded mountain road.

But perception means more than just the sensations. These are mixed

with past experience to give meaning. Experience brings consequences

for action, so we tend to control action by these perceptions or feelings or meanings. We perceive the objects or relationships or events or qualities

as wholes. Thus the tire in the mountain meant danger of robbery while

the other situation was looked upon as a harmless one. We perceive apples,

oranges, good men, clean homes, books, the Church, the teacher, the lessons etc., as wholes and each means something to us.

It is difficult to tell of just what this meaning consists but four ele736 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ments are quite plain: first, we feel acquainted or the object or event

seems familiar; second, we are conscious of some of the qualities; third,

we have a certain interest attitude toward it; fourth, we tend to act toward

it. Generally we judge our ability to recognize or know an object by our

ability to name it. This is a very important element in perception. Pronouncing a name is a form of response. All perception doesn't seem to end

in some easily observable action but we, in life, tend most generally to know the meaning of things when we know what to do with or to them.

There is grave danger that most of the acts we call virtue are perceived as mere words to say rather than conduct to imitate and are not therefore clearly perceived. Sensations and their interpretations lead to action

meaning control action.

Perceptions develop or grow. Things seem to change for us. On the

sensation side at first we have to see or hear or touch or use an object before we can identify it. In order to see the third dimension, or space,

we need to see with both eyes so that the angle of vision is different.

Everything would look flat like a photograph if the eyes were different.

Compare an ordinary picture with a stereoscope to note this effect. But

gradually fewer elements are necessary as we become more familiar.

Two bright yellow round objects were held up before an individual and he immediately named one an orange and the other a brass knob.

When asked how he could tell, he said the orange was rough and soft arid juicy and good to eat while the knob was smooth and hard, rle could not tell smoothness nor hardness nor taste with the eye, yet he did nothing but look at the objects. Familiarity and experience had caused the visual

sensations to stand for all of the rest and mean the object to which he responded. As teachers we all have had such experiences and often feel

that pupils must also have had them. But we can not take for granted

anything the pupils have not really experienced. To have meaning, an object or event or person must be present to sense and interpret in connection with past experience. To say to a class, "If you have faith as a grain

of mustard seed you can remove a mountain,"is putting some words before them, but unless they know more than the little image of a seed they just don't act because faith means nothing. Faith to be taught needs to be

seen in action, heard in language, written, spoken, acted in imitation and then the meaning will begin to grow so that one suggestion may stand for the meaning.

On the action side, meaning grows as the body grows in ability to act.

Things mean what we can do with them. An apple to a child means a red

object; then something to handle, drop, roll around; then something to

eat; then something to please teacher with; then something to take on

hikes; and finally, perhaps, something to raise and sell or use in some other

adult way. So word meanings change—first a sound to imitate, then a

word to say, then an instruction to follow, then a command to give, then element in language to study, spell or define. Morally we too often give

adult meanings without the necessary early growth. This may result on the

part of pupils either in no interest or a trial and error effort to interpret.

HELPS IN TEACHERTRAINING 737

"Do you mean this?""Would this be wrong?""Could anybody do it without doing wrong?"These are but typical questions.

Sometimes perception goes wrong. We come out of a cold room and

this one seems warm while others in the room are cold. One man rides

in a wagon and the other in an automobile from one place to another over a strange road and are far apart in estimating the distance. The same hour

seems three hours to one person and only half hour to others. Two persons walking together each absorbed in thought will see a strange object

and one will call it a horse and another a bush. These are illusions and

there are many in life. They are determined by the learner's condition

or set of mind, or by his selecting only a small part of the whole object and association it with another situation. Religiously the same Bible verse

conforms to different faiths because it is interpreted either from only part of the stimulus or by a different background. A parent sees his child

work a problem in school with little help. The parent sees the part

the child does alone and thinks it is good. The teacher sees the part in

which help is needed and calls it bad. One boy sees a man do wrong and

is pleased because it justifies him. Another boy sees the wrong as something to avoid. So in life we learn what things mean by this eternal process of having our senses stimulated and by responding which causes us

to interpret each new stimulus as it comes. The product in mental life

of perception is precepts or ideas. As we gradually learn that certain

meanings can stand for many objects or acts, we tend to think in terms of these general ideas and less in terms of concrete acts or detailed perceptions.

In teaching, we run a serious danger of talking too much in general terms or in the abstract. The idea of good or bad or right or loyal can best

be taught through concrete experience and then generalized rather than to tell the term and its definition and then illustrate.

(No. 10 of this series, "Association of Ideas"may be found in the June

Juvenile Instructor.)

Shall We Meet Our Lord and Savior?

(Tune: "Shall We Meet Beyond the River?")

Shall we meet our Lord and Savior, Will it not seem sad, alarming,

When in glory he shall come? If his lambs we have not fed?

Are we worthy, do we labor For his cause that makes us one? re we members of his union,

Chorus Are we faithful to his laws?

Shall we meet, O shall we meet, Do we honor and obey them,

Shall we meet our Lord and Savior, Valiant labor for his cause?

Shall we meet our Lord and Savior,

When in glory he shall come? Will he say to us, with pleasure,

Well with you, ye faithful ones?

When we meet that mighty army Then our minds will be at leisure

With the Master at the head, For our vict'ry will be won.

Mink Creek, Idaho Christen Hansen.

The Toddler

By H. L. Johnston

If one of Professor Larkin's best friends had told him that he was selfish it, perhaps, would have made him very angry.

If the same person had told him that his thoughts centered around himself alone, it is hard to tell what might have happened. Perhaps the elderly professor would have forgotten

himself long enough to forget his dignity, and enter into a heated argument; one thing the professor hated.

Cynthia, his wife, had learned the true state of affairs shortly after their marriage. She had kept her silence on the matter,

probably thinking it would only make matters worse by flaunting her husband's only great fault in his face. She contented

herself with overlooking his lack of fellowship and desire to put himself out to give aid to some less fortunate fellowman, by enjoying his other good qualities; and he had a lot.

After twenty years had passed with the couple still childless, no wonder the Professor figured that he was favored of the gods when Cynthia presented him with a wee daughter.

All their plans had been made for a son, but by the time little Edith could lisp his name he had forgotten about his wish for a son and was worshiping the little wisp of a girl. In

truth, she was the apple of his eye.

When Edith was eight years old the Professor suddenly announced that he had purchased a touring car, was going to put all official worries behind him and take a trip from New

York to California by auto. He figured that after all his years

of toil he needed a rest. Cynthia was happy when she heard the

news, but she knew all the time that the main reason for the car had been the expressed wish of little Edith. The Professor,

as yet, had never reached the point where he could refuse her anything.

Two months later found them driving slowly through the sand just west of Palm Springs, California, fortyfive miles and they would be at Banning, near the top of the divide, and a couple hundred miles from the coast. Their trip was nearing

its completion, and so far, everything had been happiness.

It was a few miles out of Palm Springs when Edith first complained of sickness. An hour later the Professor stopped

the car and examined the child.

THE TODDLER 739

"What seems to be the matter, dear?"he asked.

"My side hurts awful, Daddy,"moaned Edith, cold sweat breaking out over her thin little face.

The Professor and his wife held a brief consultation.

"Sounds like appendicitis, Cynthia. What do you think?"

"God forbid!"she exclaimed, "what in the wold will we do?

The nearest place is Banning. We can't make over ten miles an

hour in this heavy sand. I hope it isn't as serious as all that."

The trip was resumed, but the child continued to moan and grow worse. Soon she was writhing and sobbing in acute agony.

The Professor watched his precious daughter with griefstricken eyes as he guided the heavy car through the deep sand ruts, running as fast as he could. Try in every way he knew

how to he was unable to make the car travel any faster. The

sand was too deep and hea\y. Lines began to show upon his

face as he realized how his darling was suffering.

"Cynthia, this is awful,"he said, trying to coax a little more speed out of the overtaxed motor, "at the rate we are traveling we'll never reach Baning in time."

Cynthia did not reply. She was holding the child in her

arms, trying to sooth her, and praying that they would avoid all accidents.

Another hour passed and they were twenty miles from

Banning. They were passing through brush and cactus, so

thick and so close to the ruts in which they ran, that their beating on footboard and fenders made a horrid din. Edith was

steadily growing worse. At two especially severe jolts as the

car dropped into holes covered with sand the poor child had fainted.

A look at Professor Larkin's face told plainly the tale of his suffering. His lips were pressed together until they were

bloodless.

The front wheels of the car dropped into a hole and were followed by the rear. A faint scream came from the child.

"Oh, mercy! If Rutherford were only here,"he prayed,

"what a load it would take off my mind."

"Cynthia, busy trying to cushion Edith as much as possible, thought of the great Doctor Rutherford. He was, without a

doubt, one of the best surgeons, but getting him now was out of the question. The best they could hope for was to reach the

little town ahead and take a chance on the skill of the doctor they would find there. Doctor Rutherford was taking his

vacation somewhere, just as the Larkins were doing.

Once more the car hit a deep hole and the sufferer fainted.

It was getting serious now. There was not one minute to be lost

if they ever hoped to save her. Oh, how the car seemed to drag.

740 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cynthia closed her eyes and prayed for help; prayed as she had

never prayed before, while the Professor, silent, glancing at his child with pitying eyes, prayed that the gas would hold out, and that they would soon get out of the sand.

They drove around a bend in the road two or three miles further along and struck the newly asphalted boulevard which the county was at that time building.

With all the sand behind them now and a perfect road ahead, the Professor gave a sigh of relief and stepped on the gas. With a roar, as if a relief the car jumped forward. With

good luck, barring accidents, there might still be a chance to reach the doctor in time. Then, far down the road they saw

a little toddling child, barely two years old, and all alone.

The professor throttled down and carefully passed the child, and then went roaring onward.

Cynthia clutched his sleeve.

"Cyril! What in the world are you leaving that child for?"

Larkin shut off and coming to a stop backed up to the youngster. His face was a study as Cynthia jumped out and

took the little boy into her arms.

"What are you going to do?"he asked.

"I'm going to find out where he came from, Cyril."

"We have no time for that, Cynthia. Pile him into the car

and let's get away from here. Time enough to look up his

mother after we get Edith 'tended to."

The youngster started crying and rubbed his eyes with chubby fists.

"I'm losted,"he wailed.

"Poor little fellow,"soothed Cynthia, "where is your mama?"The youngster gave way to a fresh series of sobs and tears and pointed in a rather vague way over the bank alongside the road. "I's hurted,"he sobbed.

"Where?""Falled down."

"Where did you fall from?"asked Cynthia.

"Dere,"he replied, pointing to the high bank on the right side of the road.

"Come on!"ordered Larkin, throwing in the clutch and rac

ing the engine, "we'll take him with us, and then come back later. You can stay with Edith, while I bring him back."

"Listen, Cyril,"said Cynthia, "Edith is the most precious thing you and I have in the world. If we leave this boy here, on

the desert all alone, we are not doing our duty. If we take

him to Banning, we are still shirking our plain duty for humanTHE TODDLER 741

ity's sake. If we leave hiin here or take him with us I feel that

it wouldn't be right. Our plain duty is to find his mother."

"What could his mother be thinking of to let a little shaver like that run wild anyway? It's her fault, not ours. Pile in the

car!""Listen, Cyril: I've been praying for the last hour that

the Lord would send us help. Someway or other I think that

prayer has been answered, and through this little child."

"Bosh! You've let the worry about Edith upset you, or you

wouldn't believe anything like that."

"Well, you might think that I'm sacrificing my own baby for somebody else's, but I am going to make an attempt to find his mother."

"That's right. Let our own child die, eh? Well, I guess

we won't. Not as long as I know what I'm doing. In the car

with that brat. After we do what I say, then, and not before, we

bring him back. Pile in! We're wasting too much time as it

is, now."Cynthia demurred.

"Cyril, I can't do it. I've got to find his mother. Don't you

understand, man, how she will suffer if she thinks she has lost him out here in this wilderness? Don't you know that it

might kill her?"

"Get in!"ordered Larkin, his face flushing angrily.

Cynthia's face returned the flare, and then without stopping to look back, she took the crying youngster by the hand and started climbing the steep bank with him.

Too angry to call after her, the Professor started bolstering Edith up with robes and pillows.

He would show his wife to disobey his orders, especially when they were given to save the life of his daughter. He would

teach her a lesson. He would go to Banning. Furthermore,

he would not leave Banning until he was assured that his dearest possession was out of danger. Then, and not before, he would

return for Cynthia.

The bolstering arranged to his satisfaction, he climbed into the car, threw in the clutch and started for the distant town with a roar.

He had covered perhaps five or six miles. Glancing back

he noticed that Edith's eyes were open, and regarding him in wonder through their pain. He stopped the car and climbed

over the seat, taking a seat beside her.

"Where is mother?"asked the sufferer.

The Professor suddenly felt foolish as he stared into his daughter's eyes.

"I know where she is, Daddy. You left her with the little

742 IMPROVEMENT ERA

boy. Won't and get her, and help the little boy you—go—back

find his mother. God won't let me good die—when—you—dofor—others."

The Professor's eyes filled with tears.

"I was afraid you were going to die, sweetheart. I guess I

didn't know what I was doing. Are you sure he won't take you

away from me, if I go back?"

"He wouldn't take me, good."Daddy,—when—you—do The Professor threw the car around with a roar and started

back down the road. It was only a few minutes before he

reached the point where Cynthia had climbed the bank with the boy. Springing from the car he clambered up the bank. As

soon as he reached the top he turned and half fell back toward the car. Reaching it he gathered Edith tenderly in his arms and

once more climbed the bank.

On the other side, half hidden by the mesquite was a long, rakish touring car, and coming toward the road was Cynthia and Doctor Rutherford?

"It sure was luck, I say,"said Doctor Rutherford, an hour later, "that at the last minute I decided to come to the coast.

As an afterthought I threw in my instrument case, or perhaps

I threw it in from force of habit. At any rate it was more luck

when I picked my sister up, and her twoyear-old here at Phoenix. If he hadn't got 'losted'you would have lost your girl,

friend Larkin."

For a long time Professor Larkin held Edith's hand and thought the whole thing oer. Suddenly his past life of selfishness rose up and smote him.

"It wasn't luck, Rutherford,"he said softly, "it was an act of God. The funny part about it is, that Cynthia and Edith

knew it all the time."

Shaffer, Nevada.

The Law of Sacrifice

All progress is result of sacrifice!

Something must yield that something else may grow,

Man pays in service or must pay in price

For every thing that he desires to know.

The student and the statesman ever find

The law immutable in every sphere;

There is no gain that wisdom gives the mind

But compensation always makes it dear.

Whate'er we seek for and whate'er we gain;

Blessings of eminence, wealth or culture's dower,

Alike must be result of toil and pain,

The boon of many a sacrificial hour.

Life's goal and purpose we shall not attain

Without equivalent of skill and power!

Joseph Longking Townsend Exterior View Oakland, California, New Latterday Saints'

Chapel

Cost $50,000. Dedicated by President Heber J. Grant. Sunday, May

13, 1923—Mothers'Day. Work commenced July 24, 1922. The building

cost over $41,000 and furnishing over $9,000. It is the most spacious and

pretentious building of the Church in California, is of Italian architecture, with a touch of the old California mission in the tile roof, archways and arched windows, will seat in comfortable oak pews, 500; has seating for

55 members in the choir arranged in an alcove behind the stand. The

interior is in a subdued and restful mauve or gray, presenting a very pleasing effect. Below is the social hall, 50 by 60 feet, with a maple hardwood

floor, with stage, modernly equipped, providing ample room and facilities for various Church activities. Off the main hall open four spacious class

rooms, and a larger Relief Society room. Dressing rooms and toilets,

with best appointments, are convenient on each floor. The building is a

credit and a monument to the Latterday Saints in Oakland, and the

Church may well be proud of the new edifice. The building fund was

commenced fourteen years ago, and the present chapel is the realization of the dream of the few Saints who have struggled to establish a foothold here. More than a thousand members are now of record in tne Oakland

branch, embracing Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley. Over one hundred

students from Utah, attending the University at Berkeley, will worship in the new chapel. It was the idea of providing a house of worship

for these students that led the First Presidency to give, properly, very generously from the Church funds toward the erection of the Oakland chapel.

The chapel is located at the corner of Moss Avenue and Webster

Street, convenient to all transportation. The branch is presided over by

President W. Aird MacDonald and two counselors, Willard D. Ellis and

William F. Everett. President Ellis, as chairman of the building committee, is largely responsible for the new building.

Educational Comparisons

Speaking of the educational statistics presented by President Heber J. Grant at the General Conference, a very illuminating comparison was made by Dr. John A. Widtsoe, chairman

of the commissioners of education, who, referring to the figures given by President Grant, said.

"We have in this Church 8.6 young people attending college out of

every thousand members of the Church; whereas, in the whole United

States there are only 4.9 per thousand of population attending college. In

this Church we have nearly twice as many college students per capita as"in the country at large. -

"I was interested also in the high school figures. There are 60.6 individuals per thousand attending high school in this Church; whereas, in

the United States as a whole, there are only 20.8. That is, nearly three

times as many young people are attending high school in the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints as are attending high school, on the average, in this great land of ours.

"In the elementary schools, the difference is not so great, for in our

Church there are 223.3 students out of each thousand of membership,

attending the elementary schools, as against 204 in the country at large.

Nevertheless, this is also a substantial increase, though not so great, because of the fact that elementary education is usually required by law in the states of the Union; but as soon as the high school and the college periods

are reached, when men's free agency above and beyond the obligations of the law are manifested, then at once this great Church leaps forward far beyond the average of the people of this country. I have no doubt that

there may be other communities in the United States with probably nearly as high a college and high school attendance, but I doubt whether any survey that may be made will show a higher attendance of college and high school students."

He then drew this conclusion: "It shows how 'Mormonism'

functions in the life of humanity, and how thoroughly it works.

Education is placed as one of the great and foremost activities of a civilized world; and here a despised and sometimes more

than despised, people makes a survey of its educational conditions and finds that the spirit of education is stronger within this group of people than in any other, perhaps, through the

EDITORS'TABLE 745

country, and stronger than the average within the country as a whole."In this connection, it must be remembered that the Church is expending great additional effort toward the education of its members in the auxiliary organizations, the Sunday Schools, Mutual Improvement Associations, Primary, and Religion Classes, which are very active throughout the whole Church. The education, therefore, of the Latterday Saints should be well balanced and practical, in its application to everyday life and labor,

without which education may not always be advantageous.

Elder Charles W. Nibley, the presiding bishop of the

Church, called attention to the right kind of education, and to the danger of overeducating in certain lines. In the course of

his remarks, he said, in substance, among other things:

"I am a friend of education; so I am proud when statistics are read,

as they were here the other morning by our President, showing the excellence of the work of our schools and the large number of children attending our colleges and universities. But sometimes I think that even

as there is reason in working, so also there is reason in schooling. "We

ought not to go schoolcrazy. When a boy goes through the eighth grade

and then the high school, then three or four years in a university, and then in a finishing off school, the boy is twentyfive years old. There is

a quarter of a century of his life spent in educating him. Somebody else

has worked for the food he has eaten, for the clothes that he has been supplied with, for a full quarter of a century, which has been all spent in giving him education. He comes back home and he knows a lot, he can

tell you pretty much about everything, but he scarcely knows how to do anything. I believe it would be better if our children had a little more

practical knowledge of hard work, and be taught how to do things. If

tley knew how to make an acre of land produce double what it has hitherto been producing, wouldn't that be something to be proud of? We can

increase production. President Grant emphasized the fact that the producer, the man who produces something, is the man to be looked up to,

and we take off our hats to him. The man who merely makes his living

by speculating and never produces anything is not the kind of man, after all."

Elder Charles H. Hart, of the First Council of Seventy, in

speaking upon education, made the very apt remark:

"I think the underlying secret of effective education will be found to be the wise commingling of theory and practice, such as obtains in our missionary system. The young missionary is applying in his life and

in his teachings the principles of truth as he learns them. I am not making

a plea for less preparation at home, but am trying to show the advantage of learning and having the practice at the same time."

746 IMPROVEMENT ERA

General Statistical Information

In the general statistical information which President

Heber J. Grant presented at the late annual Conference, compiled by the Presiding Bishop's Office, there are many items

that are of great importance and significance showing the expenditures of the tithes of the people, the great mission work of the Church, as well as a number of statistics showing the growth of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the social status, missionary activities, temple work and educational statistics. We present them herewith because many excellent

lessons may be drawn from their comparison witn the statistics of the nation on similar subjects, showing an apparently favorable margin for the Church:

EXPENDITURES FROM THE TITHES OF THE CHURCH FOR THE YEAR, 1922

STAKE AND WARD PURPOSES:—There has been returned from the

EDUCATION:—Expendedtithes to the stakes and forwardsthe formaintenancetheir maintenanceand operationand operationof Church...$ 928,859

TEMPLES:—ExpendedSchools for the construction, maintenance and operation of 771,490

CHARITIES:—Fortemples the care of the worthy poor and other charitable pur168,371

poses, icnluding hospital treatment 273,657

MISSIONS:For the maintenance and operation of all the missions, and

for the erection of places of worship and other buildings in the missions 615,461

TOTAL:—which has been taken from the tithes and returned by the Trustee

inTrust to the Saints for the maintenance and operation of the stakes and wards, for the maintenance and operation of Church schools and temples, for charities and for mission activities $2,757,838

OTHER CHARITIES:—In addition to charities paid out of the tithes, (as

above stated) there have also been disbursed the fast offerings and Relief

Society charities, amounting to $328,638', which added to the $273,657 paid from the titthes, makes a total of Church charities $ 597,295

MISSIONS: In addition to the large sum paid out of Church funds for

mission purposes, amounting to $615,461, we estimate that there has been sent to missionaries by their families and friends, the sum of $887,500. Estimating the value of the services of 1,775 missionaries at

$1,000 each per year, vis., $1,775,000, makes a total expenditure for the

missionary work of the Church for the year 1922 $3,277,961

STATISTICAL REPORT COMPILED FROM THE RECORDS OF THE YEAR

Church Growth:—Children blessed and entered on the records of the Church

in the stakes and missions 19,703

Children baptized in the stakes and missions 14,440

Converts baptized and entered on the records of the stakes and missions 6,376

There were at the close of the year 87 stakes of Zion, 883 wards, 61 independent branches connected with the stakes, 24 missions, and 733 branches in the missions. Since the first of the year the Los

Angeles stake has been organized, making 88 stakes today.

Social Statistics:—Birth rate—36 per thousand.

thousand. Marriage rate—14 per Death rate—8.3 per thousand.

There are 155,606 persons in the Church who are married; of this number, there were 243 persons divorced in the year 1922.

Families owning their own homes—75 per cent.

EDITORS'TABLE 747 Misionary Activities:—Missionaries laboring in the stakes of Zion 2,552

Number on foreign missions 1,775

Total number performing special missionary labors at home and abroad 4,327

Books of Mormon and other Church works distributed in stakes and missions 286,702 Gospel tracts distributed in stakes and missions 6,601,132

Gospel meetings held in stakes and missions 153,437

Temple Work:—There were 43,207 persons recommended to the temples

during the year 1922.

Ordinances for the living and dead performed in the temples in the year 1922 768,546 Educational Satisfies:—Attending colleges and universities 3,845

Enrolled in high schools 27230

Enrolled in district schools 100,513

Total attending schools 131,588

Nearly every child of school age is attending school, except 480 physically unable to attend, and 2,497 who, in consequence of distance from school, and other conditions, are not attending. There are only 535 adult

Occupations:—Therepersons in the stakesare 113,000who cannotLatterdayread theSaintsEnglishemployedlanguage.in all kinds and

varieties of occupations. Of this number 86,780 are employed in productive occupations. "Productive occupations"means those that the Government classes as productive.

Announcements

We take pleasure in announcing to our readers that Roger

W. Babson's Fundamentals of Prosperity, What They are and

Whence They Come, will be printed in the Improvement Era.

The editors have received permission from the author, and from the publishers, Fleming H. Revell Company, New York, to print

the text which we have no hesitancy in pronouncing a splendid diagnosis and prescribed remedy for the turmoil and selfishness now existing in the business and social world. The book has

been upon the reading course of the M. I. A. since last June,

and yet we believe there are thousands of our readers who have, perhaps, not yet had the privilege of reading it. We are delighted to say that the publication will begin in the July number and finish during the four months before the end of the

present volume. Subscriptions may begin with the July number,

and we invite those desiring to read this text to subscribe in months 70c; sixtime for that number to reach them—four

teen months, including Vol. 27 complete, $2.50.

Besides the Fundamentals of Prosperity, other excellent reading will appear in the July number. Among other very

attractive papers will be a richly illustrated, well told, pioneer story on the "Old Spanish Trail,"by President Anthony W.

Ivins.

Albert R. Lyman, author of The Voice of the Intangible,

will discuss "Old Posey as I Knew Him."The "Mormon"pioneer colony settled at Bluff, San Juan county, Utah, in 1880, and

748 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mr. Lyman was still very young when he first made Posey's personal acquaintance. He stood around the "smoky fire to look

and listen with Posey's own halfclothed children, inbibing the strange fancies of their wild freedom."He is well qualified

to describe the closing chapter of Posey's life and vividly picture the pain and anguish of the dying hours of that misguided old chieftain, and the suffering which he must have endured.

The August Era will be a story number. Many interesting attractions will appear from time to time, not only in the remaining numbers of this volume, but in the new volume which begins

on November 1.

Messages from the Missions

Persecution Rife

Elder Paul B. Cragen, Launceston, Tasmania, March 15, reports from

Van Demonsland that they had a very enjoyable conference on February 25, attended by President Don C. Rushton, of the Australian mission, and

Elder John E.Hipwell, both of whom gave good counsel and advice in well

attended meetings of the Saints and friends. "We are happy to report that

the Lord is blessing our efforts with success and that as we are making friends. Since we are engaged in Sunday School, Mutual and Priesthood

work, we find the Improvement Era very helpful and instructive and wish it continued success. Persecution is raging against us at present, but we

know the Lord is on our side and truth is sure to win; and hence we go on

serving the Lord and our fellow men to the bsst of our ability."

Elders, left to right: John E.

Hipwell, president of the Victorian conference; Earl R.

Hansen, presiding elder; Paul

B. Cragen and

President Don C.

Rushton

Conference in San Diego Alia N. Jensen, reporter of the San Bernardino conference, writes

under date of May 3: "The semiannual conference of this district was held

in this city, April 2022, with many people present. President Joseph W.

EDITORS'TABLE 749

McMurrin, and a number of mission authorities and missionaries of the conference were also in attendance. President Wayne C. Gardner, who

has presided over this conference for the past six months and labored as a missionary for thirty months in this mission, was released to return to his home in St. George, Utah. Elder Ira M. Bay of Junction, Utah, was

sustained as conference president to succeed President Gardner. He has

labored for the past year in the San Francisco conference. Elder Arch

F. Clifford was also released, having labored here for 26 months, and will

return to his home in North Ogden very soon. Doctrinal subjects were

discussed by the speakers, and beautiful musical selections were given during the sessions."

Missionaries, top row, left to right: Truman V. Rollins, Irvin B. Janson, Russell Robertson of Los Angeles, L. Brooks Abbott, F. Millan Peck.

Second row: Hazel P. Spachman of Los Angeles; Jesse P. Coombs, Dr.

"Williams E. Hawkins, Logan, Utah; J. Claud Surrage, Ira M. Bay, incoming

conference president. Third row: Lula Brown, William W. Toombs, Pearle

Madsen, Kenneth F. Farnsworth, Lucille Brown, Derondo V. Farnsworth.

Front row: Verna Lindquist, Alta N. Jensen, Wayne C. Gardner, outgoing

conference president; Joseph W. McMurrin, mission president; Arch F.

Clifford, Agnes A. West.

SeventyEight Baptized

The elders of the Kauai conference, Hawaiian mission, March 31, report that the people are susceptible to the gospel and that the elders are enjoying* rich portion of the Spirit of God, enabling them to deliver their message, both in actions and words. "We find that the examplary lives

of past missionaries and our own living has done a great deal to break the prejudice everywhere seeking to bar our way. During the past year,

78 persons were baptized, as compared with 20 the year before. Many

friends have been obtained and we are seeking to teach the people the real truth and purpose of Christ's mission on earth. Two new branches

of the Church have been established at which Sunday Scbool and general meetings are held every Sunday with fairly good attendance. This, along

with raising money to build new chapels and repair old ones, has kept us busy, which we think is the secret of our happiness."

750 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elders, front row, left to right: Maxwell B. Olsen, Brigham City; Leo

Van Wagener, retiring conference president, Midway; Ferrin B. Harris,

Portage, Utah. Local: David K. Kailimai, Hilo, Hawaii. Back row: Henry

J. DeHaan, incoming conference president, Ogden; Don G. Nelson, Preston,

Idaho; William Mortell Hodson, Salt Lake City.

A Wave of Indifference Elder Terah L. Black, West Gaba, Brisbane, Australia, January 16:

"Elders laboring in the Queensland conference, Brisbane: Ira

J. Page, Kamas, Utah; Robert H. Andrus, Ucon, Idaho; Arlie V. Bean

Richfield; Conference President Terah L. Black, Richfield; Mission Presi

dent Don C. Rushton; released conference president, Gerald O. Billings

Delta, Utah. Elders Page and Billings have been released from the Queens

land conference to continue their work in the New South Wales confer ence. On the 10th we held a conference here which was attended by our

esteemed president, who gave the Saints many timely instructions and

EDITORS'TABLE 751 brought nearer to our hearts the principles of the gospel. We are enjoying the Spirit of the Lord in our work, but are not having very ready

response to our labors, since a great wave of indifference appears to be upon the people. We appreciate the Era as a great factor in providing

higher aims of life."

The Lord Blesses the Saints

Clarence L. Giles, president; and Kimball Meller, conference clerk, of

Sheffield conference, England, report that the missionaries in that district are meeting with good success, due to the united efforts of the traveling elders and the Saints of the conference in exerting their faith and works in the gospel cause. "Sheffield is noted for its steel and cutlery factories,

and at present the trade is not very brisk. The people here notice this

very keenly and many are very much discouraged. However, it is remarkable how the Lord is blessing the honest Saints in many ways."The

following missionaries were present at the conference, March 25, 1923:

Left to right, back row: James Brook, Brigham City; Joseph Coulam,

Pleasant Grove, Fielding; K. Smith; Salt Lake City; Ernest K. Freckleton,

Eureka; Homer Taylor, Marysvale; George C. Midgley, Salt Lake City;

Milford M. Mills, Woods Cross; James R. Williams, Grantsville; Vernon

P. Cole, Preston, Idaho; William Blackburn, Lovell, Wyoming; G. Kimball Mellor, Manti. Front row: Hyrum Sutcliffe, St. Joseph, Arizona; (j.

Osmond Hyde, recent president of the Hull conference, Downey, Idaho; J.

W. Ernest Tomlinson, recent president of the Sheffield conference, Salt

Lake City; Mission President David O. McKay; Conference President

Clarence L. Giles, Salt Lake City; Melvin T. King, Raymond, Alberta,

Canada; and Ervin Rawlings, Preston, Idaho.

QUORUMS'TABLE

Meeting of Bishops at the April Conference

Converting Members to TithePaying

At the semiannual meeting of the ward bishoprics and counselors with the Presiding Bishopric of the Church, held in the Assembly Hall,

Saturday, April 7, there were 464 present on invitation, representing bishops and counselors, stake presidencies, and stake and ward clerks.

Presiding Bishop Charles W. Nibley stated that excellent results had been

achieved in the payment of tithing through the slogan, "Every member a tithe payer."Bishop McConkie of Monticello, San Juan stake, had submitted a report which had interested the Presiding Bishopric very much.

Bishop McConkie's ward, with four independent brandies,] embraced 1,500 square miles of small farming communities. In January, 1922,

the bishopric determined to ask the people to pay 100%* tithing, in the season thereof, and in cash. The bishopric began work with the teachertraining class, to instruct the officers of the Priesthood and the auxiliary

organizations to pay tithing. They then prepared a list of names of all

the members of the ward, dividing it among the bishopric who appeared before the Priesthood classes urging quorums to adopt the now method of tithing payment, and instructing them that the presidency of the quorums and organizations would be held responsible for the success of this movement in their quorums and classes. They also urged fathers to see that

their own families of earners were on the tithing list. The result was

that, while there was a serious crop failure through the ward, more timing was paid in 1922 than when the people were more prosperous. The

interest in tithing has not been allowed to decrease, although at the close of the year there was still a number who had not paid tithing. These were

visited in person by the bishopric and labored with until every neglectful person is on the tithing record. The bishop bore testimony that through

the payment of tithing, there was a better feeling in the ward and a better spirit prevailed with a marked improvement in spirituality, and in the temporal affairs of the people as well, all of which he attributed to the observance of the law of tithing.

Charity and Priesthood Work in the Eighth Ward, Ogden

Bishop Wilford W. Rawson reports that his ward has a relief committee consisting of three sisters of the Relief Society and two brethren

of the Priesthood. All people who are in need are referred to them. They

make a thorough investigation, and where possible to find work for any of the family, they do so, even if it is only such work as will help somebody else in need. They check carefully charities from other organizations.

The arrangement has woiked out splendidly during the past winter. The

Relief Society is helping financially and they can always be depended upon.

The Aaronic Priesthood is as active as any other quorum in the Church.

The bishop supervises and teaches the priests; they act as messengers, and

are also doing ward teaching; also with the teachers'quorums, who are

taken care of by the first counselor of the bishopric assisted by a class leader. The deacons are taught and supervised by the secona counselor

in the bishopric, with an assistant, and are doing splendid work. Last

year there was a contest by the boys and their fathers for the best attendance at priesthood and sacrament meetings. The boys won by 2% and the

fathers gave them a splendid party. A similar contest is on this year,

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 753

and the result has been an increased attendance at priesthood and sacramental meetings. The bishop reports that 38 boys were taken to Logan

temple one Saturday, and baptisms for 1,054 souls were made. The

Eighth ward was among the first to take members of the Aaronic priesthood in the temple three years ago and has continued the visits every year since. Sixtytwo brethren were promoted one Sunday on the first of this

year., Activities for Priests Bishop John Q. Adams, of the Sixth ward, Logan, with his counselors,

ihas taken special interest in the priests'quorums, and he reports that priests always take charge of the administration of the sacrament. One

Sunday evening of each year, the Priesthood quorums'evening, they take charge of the whole proceedings. During the past two years no priest in

that ward, no teacher, and no deacon has been ordained except by one of the members of the priests'quorum, under direction of the bishop. Priests

always perform the baptisms in the ward. The bishopric confirms those

who are baptized and take part in all the activities of the priests, who are frequently called to assist in baptisms for the dead at the Logan temple.

All priests respond to the call, and 90% of them are on the tithing record.

They are being prepared for the mission field under the personal superintendency of the bishop.

Teachers Bishop Hyrum W. Valentine, of Brigham City, Third ward, reported

that his ward had a membership of 1,233 souls and has five quorums of deacons, two quorums of teachers and one full quorum of priests. All the

boys who are ordained to the office of teacher are taught their duties, in accepting this resppnsibility, by the bishopric. One way to keep the

teacher interested is to keep him busy, and ward teaching is one of the best methods of preparing the young man for the mission field. Every

ordained teacher is active in the ward in the various duties, and particularly in ward teaching.

Deacons Bishop Ernest Madson, of Manti South ward, stated that once a month the president of each deacons'quorum takes six of his mcmVrs to the bishop's home where they are privately instructed concerning their duties.

The deacons visit the poor once or twice a month, also cut wood for them. A canyon trip is planned for this purpose, when the boys and the

older brelhren, take teams into the mountains, thus keeping the poor families supplied with fire wood. The quorum making the best record for

attendance at meeting is entertained by the quorum that did not make so good a; record. In this way deep interest is created. In the neighborhood off 90% of the deacons regularly attend the sacramental, auxiliary,

and priesthood meetings.

Primary Home Whenever it is necessary to send a child to the Primary Convalescent

Hospital the ward president of the Primary Association should consult with the bishopric, and then write the General Board of the Primary Association explaining the case. If the case is one that can be treated in the Primary

Home, I forms will be sent upon which they report the child. This form

should i be accompanied by a diagnosis signed by a doctor, if available.

Notice: should then be sent stating when the child will arrive in Salt Lake

City. The application sliould be brought with the child. Feebleminded

or incurable children should not be sent, neither should a child under the age of 4, nor over the age of 12 for boys, and 14 for girls.

Scene at the Quarterly Conference, Star Valley, March 4, 1923

Ray L. Alston, instructor in the SmithHughes department of the Star

Valley High School, Afton, Wyoming, forwards a picture of the Star

Valley stake house, with transportation facilities in the foreground, as used by the people in getting to quarterly conference, held March 4.

"Sleighs are the only means of travel for four or five months out of the year, and the people gather quite enthusiastically from the farthest ends of the valley on such occasions. The valley consists of the upper and the

lower, each approximately thirty miles in length. Hence, it is a good

day's travel for some of the people to come to Afton. Notice the covered

sleigh between the back of the two horses to the left and the chimney emerging from the cover. The stove on the inside keeps the passengers quite

comfortable, even in the coldest weather. On the day of the conference

the temperature went down to about 10 degrees below zero at night and hovered around zero in the day time. Clarence Gardner is president of

the stake, Arthur F. Burton and Albert Barrus, counselors."

New Presidency North Sanpete Stake

The presidency of the North Sanpete stake was reorganized on April

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 755

1 at the quarterly conference of that stake, attended by President Rudger

Clawson and Elder Joseph Fielding Smith. Elder Soren M. Nielson, 36

years of age, and former superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A., was chosen

president of the stake. His counselors are Daniel Rasmussen and Louis A.

Peterson, represented in the picture, left to right, Daniel Rasmussen, first counselor; Soren M. Nielson, president; Louis A. Peterson, second counselor. John F. Mower formerly assistant superintendent of the Y. M. M.

L A., was chosen superintendent of that organization, with headquarters at

Mt. Pleasant, Utah. Elder Nielson has served in the Mutual superintendency for one and onehalf years and has given splendid satisfaction to the

organization.

Canadian Scouts Full of Good Works

William Redd, member of the Y. M. M. I. A. Stake Board, Taylor,

Raymond, Alberta, Canada, sends the Era a copy of the report of Riley

Weaver, Scout commissioner of that district; also some snap shots of scouts

and an invalid chair presented to a Mrs. Audenart who is helpless from

rheumatism. We are informed that scouting in that stake has made very

good progress the past year. Mr. Weaver, who is the district scout commissioner, is also a member of the stake Y. M. M. I. A. board and has

charge of the scouts in Taylor stake. The picture shows the Boy Scouts

of Troops 1 and 2, Raymond, and the chair presented to Mrs. Audenart.

The work done during the year includes the building of a $500 swimming pool, 50x100 feet, from 3 to 8 feet deep; taking charge of the activities

on Dominion day; raising funds for an invalid chair as above; helping

widows to kindling wood, which they left at their homes in secret; a big

rally including a potato roast and an apple bust; securing a building plot

for a scout home, and adopting the slogan for this year; "A scout home."'

The June M. I. A. Conference

A very excellent program has been prepared full of vital interest to officers and workers in the M. I. A. At the first meeting Friday, June 8, 10

o'clock a. m., General Superintendent George Albert Smitn and President

Martha H. Tingey will deliver welcome addresses. The new slogan for

192324, We stand for individual and family prayer, will be presented with scriptural references. The Advanced Senior class titles of study lessons,

and an explanation of the very interesting text will be presented by

Sister Augusta W. Grant, and a stirring address on leadersnip by President

Nephi L. Morris.

At 2 o'clock on Friday, there will be general and departmental sessions.

Scout and BeeHive work will be featured at the general sessions, and there will be department meetings for the Recreation and Senior work department, each presenting to the workers vital helps for the work.

On Friday evening a social for the stake officers will be held, and on

Saturday morning, the general session will feature Senior and Junior work, while department meetings will be held for Recreation, Scout, and BeeHive work. The programs for this particular session, as well as tne department meetings for recreation and other work, are well worth while.

At 2 o'clock on Saturday, a joint session will be held where recreation will be featured in subjects such as Church organization for recreation, objects in the recreational program, putting over the recreational program, and training for recreational leadership. Elder Melvin J. Ballard, Professor Ephraim E. Erickson, Charlotte Stewart, Oscar A. Kirkham and others,

will speak followed by a general discussion. Three phases of recreational

music will be demonstrated, including community singing, quartette singing, and instrumental music. While the general session is being held, departmental meetings will be held for the Advanced Senior, Senior, Junior, Scout and

BeeHive departments. A joint session is programmed for Saturday evening, in the Assembly Hall at 7:30, at which fathers and sons'outings

and mothers and daughters'day will be featured; also an original M. I. A.

song and color song will be given. The reading course will be demonstrated

and orchestral instruments discussed, also there probably will be a presentation of a Pioneer pageant.

On Sunday, June 10, at 8:30 in the morning the usual testimony meeting will be held in the Assembly Hall. This meeting will be exclusively

for M. I. A. officers. None but officers are to participate in the meeting.

At 10 o'clock following the testimony meeting the joint session will be held in the Tabernacle at which our summer responsibilities, campaign for membership, and the M. I. A. slogan, will be discussed respectively by

Mary E. Connely, Superintendent Richard R. Lyman, and Elder Melvin J.

Ballard.

At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the usual general session will be held under the direction of the First Presidency of the Church, and in the evening at 7 o'clock a great gathering will be held, at which the theme, "The

Faith of our Fathers,"will be presented, in appropriate words and picture.

Every stake should be represented by workers, and invitation is particMUTUAL WORK 151

ularly extended to the department workers, enough from each stake should be present to carry the messages to the wards and stakes of the Church.

Representatives who can explain details in their home towns should be sent to attend the conference. Department leaders of the Advanced Senior,

the Senior, Junior and Scout departments are especially urged to attend.

Among the speakers at the department meetings will be Eugene L. Roberts,

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Dr. George H. Brimhall, Professor Thomas A. Beat,

Thomas Hull, besides a number of others, members of the General Boards.

Monthly Message to the "M"Men

By Thomas A. Beal, Member of the General Board

VIII.—LEADERSHIP

Never before has there been greater need of leadership than at the present time. In almost every line of human activity there is a demand for

a leader—one who can bring together those factors that make lor success.

For instance, if in business, the man is wanted who can bring together most effectively land, labor and capital, in other words the competent organizer.

To succeed in life, and thus become a leader, depends to a large extern on one's ambition, capacity and opportunity. It also depends on the motive

and desire of men. Purpose, motive, and desire are spiritual factors and

are all important. Land, labor, and capital, and even education, are more

tools to be used either for good or evil. Education unless guided properly,

is a very dangerous possession. Most colleges for educational purposes

were founded by a group of Godfearing, praying men. As long as they

stand on that ground they will render society a great service and produce leaders.

To be a leader requires a great deal of hard work. The reason why

some become leaders and others do not is because they apply themselves more diligently—and they have the opportunity and the capacity for work.

Work is the only infallible evidence of capacity either in a machine or in man; the absence of work in either labels it for the junk heap.

There are certain essential qualifications necessary for leadership, namely: 1. Initiative—the alibity to rely upon one's self and not be afraid of

new tasks. The world bestows its big prizes, bom in money and

honors, on the man of initiative; the man who does the right thing

without being told, and does it without asking questions, in other words, carries the message to Garcia.

to be 2. Human sympathy—the power to love one's fellow man and

loved by him in return; in other words, to cooperate with peojple.

3. Faith—Belief in the world, in oneself, in others, and in God.

4. Knowledge—without this, the initiative spirit is blind. 5. Progressivesness—able to make careful selection of new ideas—able

All to inspire and to hold others—able to stimulate and promote.

of these are essentkl to leadership.

A leader must not only be a man of thought, but also a man of action.

It is not sufficient to be able to think only, but one must know how to put one's thoughts into operation. Faith without works is dead. Today vision is

necessary, if ever, for great leadership—the power to see ahead, to create, to

do. Right now the country is suffering from an acute shortage of big

men—high priced experts, if you please—men capable of earning, if in

business, from $15,000 to $50,000 a year. There is a great demand for resourceful, enterprising men—men of initiative and integrity. In otnei

758 IMPROVEMENT ERA

words, there is a dearth of leaders in almost every endeavor. To be a

leader, two qualifications especially are essential, namely, personality and technical skill. The absence of either of these may mean failure. One

must be able to get on pleasantly with his fellow men and then one must know his business. Other things equal, these will go a long way in making

for success.

Every organization must have its leader. Organization, itself, implies

leadership, and no institution can be any bigger than its leaders. As a matter

of fact, institutions are measured by their leaders. In the book of Edward

W. Bok we see the struggle for leadership. There is an old saying that

"ihere is plenty of room at the top."In fact, the top is shrieking for

leaders. Opportunity often makes the man, but the mantle of leadership

may fall upon a man without making him a leader unless it is in him. If

it is there, responsibility coupled with work and intelligence will bring it out.

To be a leader, too, one must have faith in his work, in his ability, in the cause that he represents, in his superiors; and in addition, he must

love his work. And "blessed is he who has found his work, let him ask

for no other blessedness."

The Good Book gives us a list of the great leaders of biblical times, and our Church works and history, of modern times, i. e., ot men great in a

religious and political way. But the greatest leader of all times—the most

worthy of emulation—is the Master himself. If we keep his teachings

uppermost in mind we will become leaders.

Activities in Juab Stake

In forwarding the monthly report for April, Superintendent Thomas

H. Burton reports that the M. I. A. organizations of the Juab stake have tried

a new experiment in the way of holding a rousing program in each ward for the month of April. It turned out that meetinghouses could not hold

those who attended, and the following are the results of the meetings held in

April The whole stake went to Mona on April 15. The meetinghouse could

not accomodate the crowd. On the 22nd, a similar meeting was held at

South ward in Nephi, crowding the house to overflowing; and on the 28th,

the North Ward in all its history had never seen such a crowd as was present. The ward has a population of 802, and 750 were crowded into the

building, in the halls and on the outside.

During May, the South ward took a program to Levan on the 6th; and

on the 13th, the stake boards gave a Mothers'Day program in the Juab stake tabernacle. On the 20th, the Nephi ward provided a program for

Mona; on the 27th, the North ward, a program for the Nephi ward; and

on the 3rd of June, Mona will come to the Nephi South ward with its program. On June 8 everybody will go to the annual M. I. A. conterence in

Salt Lake City. Several of the cemeteries were fenced, cleared, and planted

with trees; in one town five hundred turned out and cleared four acres

of sage, and planted one hundred trees.

The June Conference and Committees on Recreation

Under date of May 4, 1923, Supt. George Albert Smith sent the following

appeal to Presidents of stakes:

The annual M. I. A. June Conference will be held June 8, 9, and 10,

t Salt Lake City. For the past three months committees of the General

Boards have been busy working on the program. We are making every

MUTUAL WORK 759

effort to be prepared to give both information and inspiration to our workers. Will you kindly assist us by seeing that our organization in your

stake is perfected? We would greatly appreciate it, if you anticipate

any changes, that they may be made at this time in order that the men who will be expected to carry our work may attend the annual conference in June.

In many stakes the M. I. A. Committee on Recreation hasn't as yet been

organized. We are preparing special help for them, and will greatly

appreciate, where conditions will permit, having a representative from this committee attend our convention. We will be delighted to hear a word

from you in relation to our work.

With grateful appreciation for your cooperation and assistance, I remain, sincerely your brother.

"M"Men in Canada

S. I. May, Senior leader "M"Men of Cardston, Alberta, Canada, reports

a social which was held by them, March 16, at which the picture herewith was taken. "We certainly have enjoyed the "M"Men manual this year,

and the activities have attracted boys who were unable to get in any other way. Out of a possible enrollment of 38, we have 34 on our roll,

with an attendance of between 22 and 28, and quite often, 32 or 33. The

"M"Men organization is filling a longfelt want, and we are interested and encouraged in our work. We have held two socials this year and in this

way, have become better acquainted with one another."

Names of boys, left to right, back row: L. Card, K. Lee, C. Walker,

H. Eldredge, B. Card, C. Atterton, C. Weeks. Third row: W. Hansen, O.

Rollins, V. Pilling, K. Williams, F. Atterton, F. Pitcher, secretary of "M"

Men; R. Card. Second row: S. I. May, Senior class leader; J. V. lard,

2nd counselor in bishopric; G. L. Woolf, assistant superintendent of Alberta

760 IMPROVEMENT ERA

stake Y. M. M. I. A.; B. J. Wood, president of Second ward Y. M. M. I. A.;

L. Webster, 1st assistant; L. Jacobs, 2nd assistant; L. Leishman. Front

row: R. Workman, D. Thorpe, Matual chorister; D. W. Card, Jr., president

"M"Men; A. Franks, vice president; H. M. Bates, ward secretary, Y. M.

M. I. A.

Beaver Stake M. I. A.HIield Day Draws Large Crowd

More than 600 people gathered at Minersville, Saturday, April 28, for

M. I. A. Field Day celebration of the Beaver stake. Field sports and track

meets commenced at 2 p. m., with all six wards represented. Contests were

held in track and field events between Junior and Senior boy scouts and "MM Men. Then there were races and contest between Senior girls and

racing on the green by BeeHive swarms. Between events the girls braided

the May pole, music being furnished by the "portable"M. I. A. orchestra,

located on the coop truck. Perhaps the most sensational events were the

high jump with a record of 5 feet, 10 inches, and the broad jump at 21 feet, 11 inches, made by Wilford Murdock of Beaver West ward; and the relay

race, won by tiu> speedy "M"Men's team of Milford. Alter the field

events luncheon was served on the green by the young ladies of Minersville.

The day's celebration concluded with the production of a play by the

Beaver stake dramatic club, at the high school auditorium. More people

participated in the affairs of this day than any M. I. A. Field Day for

many years. Superintendents Chase Murdock of the Young Men, and

Laura Shepherd of the Young Ladies, with the committe, are to be congratulated on this most successful outing.

Flagpole on the Mountain

Some weeks ago the Boy Scouts of Mink Creek, Idaho, Troop 1, and myself, made our way across the snow into the mountains and cut a flagpole fiftyseven feet in length. As soon as the weather will permit we will

erect the pole on the top of a nearby mountain, where we are planning to celebrate Flag Day, June 14, 1023. Christen Hansen.

New M. I. A. Superintendent of the Tongan Mission

President Mark V. Coombs of the Tongap mission informs us that

Walter J. Phillips has been appointed general secretary of the joint Mutual

Improvement Associations of the Tongan mission. His address is Nukualofa, Tongatabu, Friendly Islands, via San Francisco. The president informs

us that he is not yet able to effect complete organizations of the Y. M. and

Y. L. M. I. A. separately, but that they are having much success in the joint

Mutuals in all the branches of the mission.

.. 1 1 1'

MUTUAL WOftK 761

Y. M. M. L A. Efficiency Report, April, 1923

U UO -4Jx 1 C o be!"

56 E2 STAKES Oj bo o- 2?t.

B.-3 PL, -5

Alpine 9 9 9 87 Bear River... 10 9 10 10 9 94

Beaver 8 6 5 5 5 5 2 5 51 Benson 10 7 10 9 8 8 8 7 86 Box Elder.. 111 6 10 9 7 9 10| 9 90

Cottonwood. 7 7 5 6 7 5 71 5 61

Deseret 10 8 7 91 7 51 6 81 Ensign 7 5 10 8 10 10U 10 i 10 90

Granite 8 6 10 in 8 10 10 1 10 92

Hyrum 6 8 9 7 9 10 10 8 87 Juab 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Kanab 10 6 8 9 8 10 81 7 78 Liberty 10 8 10 10 10 10 101 10 97

Morgan 10 10 8 9 6 10 8| 41 85

Mt. Ogden... 9 9 10 9 10 10 10 1 7 94

Nebo 6 5 10 6 7 10 10 I 6 80 North Davis. 9 7 9 10 9 Q 91 7 88

North Sevier. 8 5 5 3 I 5 2 4 5| 5| 5 47

North Weber 9 5| 5 t 9 I 10 81 10! 6 77

Ogden 6 I 91 io: 9i 10 9 9 84

Pioneer 91 6 10 1 10 10 9 I 9 l\ 9 I 9 90

Roosevelt 10 6 10 1 10 10 10 10 91 71 6 PS

Salt Lake. 8 5 10 1 10 10 9 10 9! 9] 9 89

San Juan 10 4 10] 1010 10! 6 I 10 10 1 10 90

Sevier 10 6 10 104. 10 9 in I 10 1 8 91

South Davis. 10 10 10 I ioi 10 10 91 101 10 f 9 98

7 8 4 51South. 6 Sanpete 7| 5| 7 8]

2 53 9 4 4 I 4 3 5|.j....'. 10 4!Summit

. 10| 6 10 I 10 8 ( 10 I 10 1 10 I 8 92TintU,..

Wasatch 10 | 6 10 6 10 10 1 7 S

Bingham 10 | 3 4 9 4 9 *A l\ 4 64

Blackf oo,t 81 6 10 7 10 9 81 S Jfo

Burley 8 4 6 | 4 6 6 10 '."I 61 4 fiO

Cassia 10|..6 10 6 10 10 10 10! 6! S3

Curlew 10| 41 10 10 10 10 10 10 1 10 I 5 SQ

Franklin 10| 5! 10 9 9 91 6! 4 78

Fremont, 10 9 I 10 9 9 101 9] 9

Jdaho 10 6 I 5 I 6 5 5 6! 4! 54

Lost River. 10 6 I 10| 10 10 7 10 1 10 I 83

Malad 101 8 I 9! 10 10 in] 10! 9fi

Montpelier... 10| 4| 6 I 's 7 7 I 7 1 *l 65

I 86 Pocatello 10 I 6 I 10 I 10 8 9 10| 9

G 10 10 10 I Portneuf 10 61 6i *i 75 78 1 10 10 8 II 61IRigby 6 10| 8| 10

1 I 5 83 9 7 7 7 10Shelley 9!

I 68 3 5 7 10 7| 7[Teton?l 10

I 7R 5 6 8 8 9 I 10 1 10; 101Twin Falls..

Yellowstone. 10 10 8 8 7 9 R| "81

Juarez 10 I 10 10 I 10 I in 10 1 "J( 10| 9?.

Lethbridge. 101 5 1 71 10 I 9 91 10 I 10! 90

Moapa 10 I 9 6 101 91 10! 101 10, 85

Maricopa... 10! 6] 91 10 10 10 10 I 9t

I 6 I 76 St. Joseph... 61 10 1 10 8 10

Snowflake... 4| 10| 5 I 10 I 10 91 10 I 10 1 83

58 I 61 6! 51Star 9! 41 Valley., 7| 6| 71 6

S8 9 91 10 10| 51 101 Union 7J 10

Young 91 71 10 5 1 10 10?l 10 1 13 1 R3

.... 8

762 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. I. A. Statistical Report, April, 1923

u V u C q 3 Sf B a U Vo O (io o- Bv V lis U c C C T3uCD a "3 W V a V.o a a i-o.2 S S 'c gfc Se E.11 iiJS cos STAKES So "rt

o "cP a. uc v O | oH 4,1-1 C cnH cfljrs o o c 6 S

—JHW <W W w V < <

Alpine.... 891 IS 18 146 227 204 345 922 111 138 120 220 589

Bear River 509 | 12 12 96 253 159 204 712 73 92 64 89 318

Beaver.... 287 1 6 3 27 59 | 46 1 82 214 21 50 42 76 189

Benson.... 841 1 13 13 113 129 | 250 1 328 820 72 40 94 185 391

Box Elder. 805 | 13 | 13 105 | 328 | 184 | 271 888 82 197 97 142 518

Cottonwood 789 12 | 8 69 I 87 175 1 245 576 47 35 96 156 334

Deseret.. 454 11 | 11 89 | 190 110 170 550 55 105 50 90 300

Ensign.... 980 7| 7 57 1 164 216 | 283 720 4.8 4u 78 209 375

Granite... 1885 16 1 16 172 1 230 365 1 650 1417 140 118 200 420 878

Hyrum.... 500 10 | 7 37 1 68 80 1 109 294 35 36 44 48 163

Juab 358 5 | 5 49 | 100 106 | 146 401 34 69 72 100 i 275

Kanab.... 222 6 | 6 44 | 62 40 | 102 248 25 35 25 52 137

Liberty.. 1191 11 1 11 175 | 306 307 1 496 | 1284 87 177 158 297 719

Morgan.. 165 | 9 | 9 64 | 57 84 | 121 326 43 37 63 84 227

Mt. Ogden 507 | 6 6 49 | 89 120 | 214 472 38 81 76 154 349

Nebo 948 15 8 62 | 136 108 | 224 530 44 41 54 123 262

No. Davis. 446 8 7 63 1 69 90 1 209 431 37 41 35 DO-| 233

No. Sevier 275 6 3 20 1 81 78 | 53 232 U 37. 40 37 | 125No. Weber 644 17 15 97 | 56 252 | 235 | 640 56 i9 109 97 | 281

Ogden.... 800 | 10 1 10 87 | 93 235 | 240 655 49 35 99 134 | 317

Pioneer.. 972 | 13| 13 113 | 177 241 | 363 894 81 79 109 221 490

Roosevelt. 336 | 11 11 81 | 95 81 | 129 386 46 fV 53 71 217

Salt Lake. J067 |12|12 120 j 184 177 | 412 | 893 90 90 76 239 495

San Juan.. 270 I 4 4 31 | 75 73 1 106 285 20 33 21 44 118

Sevier.... 363 6 6 54 1 122 120 I 152 | 448 40 46 45 76 201

So. Davis.. 494 8 8 69 1 87 162 | 229 547 56 94 104 170 424

So. Sanpete 734 11 8 58 1 118 206 | 191 573 42 51 72 70 235

Summit 359 11 4 83 I 60 139 | 165 447 16 17 -1-. 25 72

Tintic 230 5 5 30 1 76 57! 124 | 287 16 20 7 53 | 96Wasatch.. 386 9 8 51 1 75 107 | 120 I 353 34 32 55 53 174

Bingham.. 500 12 5 83 | 212 114 | 156 565 33 56 34. 42 165

I 129 95 1 151 453 58 80 55 71 264Blackfoot 514 | 13 8 85

Burley.... 399 | 10 6 48 | 93 80 | 92 313 31 44 33 35 143

i 76 57 1 83 1 256 32 40 31 39 142Cassia.... 208 | 6 6 40

Curlet",.. 130 | 10 3 27 I 41 27 | 42| 137 12 20 14 23 69

Franklin.. 357 | 11 10 8fi | 122 185 | 181 574 62 49 87 78 | 276

Fremont.. 682 | 13 13 116 | 199 219 | 228 1 762 82 121 122 136 | 461

Idaho 1-17 | 12 7 58 1 42 | 52 [. 58 I 210 39 22 24 29 I 114

Dost River 127| 5 5 82 | 73 42 1 78 1 275 35 68 28 36 167

Malad.... 360 | 8 8 61 1 60 157 | 132 410 45 36 92 68 241

Montpelier 372 | 12 9 68! 124 71 1 152 | 415 34 45 27 69 175

10 10 432Pocatello 78 1 76 121 I 141 | 416 53 32 70 75 230'-'

1 4 I | 13Portneuf 1 348 Rigby 543 I 15 8 1 64 1 143 119 I 126 1 452.")0 74 61 56 I 24

Shelley... 348 8 8 62 j 130 108 | 114 414 42 63 52 66 | 2->3

1 65Teton 300 8 1 3 1 16 | 10 38 1 17| 81 | 131 81 30 1 14

Twin Falls 204 7 5 35 1 52 29 | 49| 165 13 20 11 45 89

Yellowstone 234 9 9 68 | 67 91 [105 | 331 65 60 53 63 ( 241

Leth bridge 221 10 10 78 | 116 95 1 89 | 378 51 53 41 51 | 196

Moapa.... 179 7 I 4 47 | 60 57 1 99 1 263 34 29 34 61 Li.'

Maricopa.. 390 9 1 8 64 | 152 115 1 152 483 48 82 62 78 1 270

Juarez.... 120 5 5 24 I 60 30 | 33 147 18 40 18 20 | 96

St. Joseph 500 13 [ 7 68 I 58 92 | 108 | 326 32 40 62 70 | 204

Snowflake 258 7 1 6 | 1 I Star Valley 334 11 |. 8 72 ] 61 85 1 96 314 35 18 33 36 | 122

Union.... 160 6 I 6 44 1 75 | 46 | 39 | 204 | 27 | 33 1 25 | 19 i 104

Young.... 103 5| 2 16 | 31 28 | 18 1 93 14 22 15 12 | 63

Rome celebrated the 2676th anniversary of the founding of the city, on April 21, with military display and speeches. Mussolini, the premier,

made April 21 the "labor day"of Italy, instead of May I.

Elder William A. Morton succeeds the late Nephi Anderson as secretary of the Genealogical Society and editor of the Genealogical Magazine,

His appointment was announced April 14.

A disastrous fire in Salina, Sevier Co., Utah, May 1, caused a loss of

$70,000. The flames broke out in the rear of Salina Cash Store and spread

rapidly. The fire is said to be the most disastrous in the history of the

town.

John Michael Redmond died, April 21, at Mill Creek, Salt Lake Co., at

the age of one hundred years and ten days. He came to Utah from England in 1877. He has been a faithful temple worker during the latter part

of his life.

Captain Roald Amundsen started for the North Pole, April 13, leaving

Nome, Alaska, for Wainwright, by dog team. He intends to begin the last

stage of his trip in June, in an airplane, and hopes to reach the pole by that means. He left the United States last summer.

The Federal reserve bank building will be constructed without delay, according to a Washington dispatch dated April 10. It appears that the

secretary of the treasury, after a conference with Senator Reed Smoot, authorized the beginning of work on the building, which will cost $250,000.

The baptism of Mr. Geo. A. Hicks, of Spanish Fork, May 6, is reported

from that place. He has lived there since 1850, but has not identified himself with the Church until now. His age is given as 88 years, and it is

said that he, as a child, heard and saw the Prophet Joseph in Nauvoo, where he lived with his parents.

Mrs. Franceanya Rogers Miller died, April 20, at Springville, Utah,

of ailments incident to old age. She was a pioneer of 1847, having come

to this valley in September of that year. She was born in New York, July

29, 1840, and has lived in Springville since 1862. Her husband died there

in 1892.

Funeral services for Mrs. Mary Park Sutton were held in the Nephi

South ward chapel, May 6, Bishop A. H. Belliston being in charge. She

was born in Warwick, Canada, March 30, 1843, and cam* to Utah in 1847, in the Edward Hunter and John Taylor company. She is said to have been

the last of the 1847 pioneers in Nephi.

The Alumni Association, of the Brigham Young University, announces a big class reunion and encampment to be held in Provo, June 7. Commencement exercises will be held the following day. All former students

of the B. Y. U. are invited to be present and to affiliate themselves with

some class.

?64 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Amalgamated Sugar Company had a net income of $818,913,54, for the year ending Feb. 28, 1923. The statement on profit and loss shows

that the deficit had been reduced from $1,081,372.17* to $516,668,50. The

company has five factories in Utah and three in Idaho, representing fen investment of $8,754,837.65.

American property lias been confiscated by Russian officials, accordinto to a report from Vladivostok to Washington, April 29. The property

belongs to American business houses and is valued at several hundred thousand dollars. The confiscation is done under a Soviet law declaring

that all privale property belongs to I lie stale.

The Indian trouble in Utah will be settled, by the allotment of land to the Indians near Blanding, Utah, on the same basis as allotments have been made to the Ute Indians. On April 16, Secretary Work, after a conference with Senator Smoot and Acting Indian Commissioner Merrit, decided to send A. W. Lemington and Superintendent McKean to Blanding,

to make allotments of public lands to the Piutes.

The marriage of the Duke of York, the second son of King Onrge an 1

Queen Mary, and Lady Elizabeth BowesLyon, daughter of the Earl and

Countess of Strathmore, was solemnized April 26, in Westminster Abbey, in the presence of a brilliant assembly. This is the second wedding in the

royal family in a little over a year, the first being that of Princess Mary to Viscount Lascelles.

Mrs. Aim Eliza Hyde died, May 4, at Spring City, Sanpete Co., Utah,

at the age of 82 years. She was the widow of Apostle Orson Hyde. She was

born at Madison, 111., January 26, 1841. With her parents, Mr. and Mrs.

Moses Daily, she came to Utah in 1850, and in 1860, with her husband, she went to Sanpe*e county, where they made their home. They endured all

the hardships of pioneer life, including scarcity of food and hostility of

Indians.

Across the Continent in less than 27 hours was the feat completed May 3 by Lieutenants Oakley Kelly and John A. Macready, who made the trip in

airplane from New York to San Diego without stopping at any intermediate point. The actual time was 26 hours, 50 minutes and 48 2-5 seconds. The

record made, however, cannot be recognized, it is announced by the National Aeronautic Association, on account of a technicality which requires that in every official test the plane must return to its original base.

The Communist Party of Anierica was dissolved, April 11, at a recent convention held in New York, and the Workers'Party of America was recognized as the only American organization affiliated with the Third

Internationale of Moscow. The Communists dissolved, according to a published statement, believing that "the support which the Worker's Party

of America has already won among the working masses will enable it, openly and publicly, to carry on the struggle for communism in the United

States."Louis Stewart, of Provo, died in that city, May 2, at the age of 81 years. He was born in Nauvoo, 111., March 22 1842, and when a boy 11

years of age he made the journey across the plains by ox team with his parents, who settled in Prcvo. The family later moved to Nevada and then

moved into Sanpete county, where they lived for a few years, moving back to Provo in 1860. Mr. Stewart was an Indian war veteran and at the time

of his death was a member of the high priests'quorum of the Utah stake.

PASSING EVENTS 765

Alfred Lambourne was honored by the presentation to the state, April 19, of the pedestal which will support his bust. The presentation took place

at the L. D. S. School of Music. The workmanship is that of M. M. Young.

The following lines are inscribed upon the plate: "To Alfred Lambourne,

Utah artist, from his fellow Utah artists, in grateful recognition of the inspiration to them of his lifelong devotion and service in Utah."Carl W.

Scott, member of the Ujtah Art Institute, made the speech of acceptance, and Nephi L. Morris made the presentation address.

Germany offers to pay thirty billion gold marks, money to be raised by a bond issue, in order to liquidate her obligations under the Versailles treaty. The offer was sent in a note dated May 2, to the government of the

entente and the United States. If the offer is not acceptable, German

suggests that the question be submitted to an impartial international commission on the lines indicated by Secretary Hughes. The French cabinet,

May 3, unanimously rejected the offer on the ground that the sum mentioned was not high enough, and that the guaranties of payment were not satisfactory.

Anna Hauser, of Bloomington, llUr.dis, a member of the Northern Illinois conference, recently died and her funeral was held on the 18th of

March. Some 300 people attended. President J. N. Transtrum and Elder

D. J. Paul conducted the services. The quarterly meetings of that conference were held at Bloomington on the 24th and 25th of March. President John H. Taylor was present and delivered timely talks. The conference in general was in splendid condition, all the members endeavoring

to live and teach the gospel. J. N. Transtrum.

Seven persons were killed in a wreck on the D. & R. G. W. railroad, at Woodside, Utah, May 2. Thirtyseven were reported injured.

Professor Ernest D. Alton Partridge, of the B. Y. University, Provo, was

among the dead. Two engines pulling a train of eleven cars were overturned in the treacherous canyon. The baggage and smoking cars crashed

into the wreckage of the engines. Two Pullmans left the tracks, but were

not overturned. The other cars remained on the track and the occupants

escaped, except for the shock. Three of the dead and five of the injured

were Utahns, and five of these were from Salt Lake City.

U. S. Senator Knute Nelson died, April 28, suddenly on a Pennsylvania

railroad train on his way from Washington to his home in Minnesota.

The death was due to heart failur. He was 80 years old and has served

in the Senate 28 years. He was the oldest member ol that body and had

the longest service record. He was born in Voss, Norway, Feb. 2, 1843, and

came to this country when six years old. He served three years in the

Civil war. In 1892 he was elected governor of Minnesota, and in 1895

he resigned that office, to which be bad been reelected, and went to the

United States Senate. He has been called "the grand old man of Minnesota."

The Lausanne conference on the Near East reassembled, April 23, at

Lausanne. It broke up Feb. 4, in a deadlock, Turkey refusing to agree to

some of the demands made by the allies. Some of the questions at issue

are: (1) England and France demand the continuation of their own courts

in Turkey, for their nationals. They (2) want control of the Dardanelles;

and (3) they demand that Christians in Turkey be exempt from military conscription. The United States is interested because the concessions

granted by the Turkish government to an American business concern, to which both France and Great Britain are opposed, as far as they may infringe on previous grants to French and British companies.

766 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mortgage debt on farms in the United States amounts to more than onetenth of the value of both lands and buildings, according to a Washington report published April 10. Iowa, premier farming state of the

country, had mortgage debts on its farms aggregating almost oneseventh of the country's total. The mortgage farm debt of the United States was

estimated at $7,857,700,000 on January 1, 1920. The value of all farm

lands and buildings at that time was $66,316,002,602. The figures for the

Mountain and Pacific states are:

Montana 154,940,000 Utah 35,550,000

Idaho 115,350,000 Nevada 11,880,000

Wyoming 32,970,000 Washington 116,740,000

Colorado 138,400,000 Oregon 91,090,000

New Mexico 23,670,000 California 425,460,000

Arizona 31,790,000

Completion of the DeltaFillmore railroad was celebrated May 3, by

Governor Mabey driving the golden spike, in the presence of many spectators. The line thus completed binds together the eastern and western

sections of Millard county. The ceremony incident to the driving of the

golden spike was simple and brief. The special was halted as it pulled into

the Fillmore yards, and the Governor, Mayor Morris Lambert of Fillmore,

Daniel Stevens, president of the Fillmore Commercial club, T. C. Clark

Callister, chairman of the reception committee, and a score or more committee members and citizens welcomed the arriving guests and then rode into the station on the engine of the special. Little Catherine Clark,

daughter of Dr. and Mrs. C. M. Clark, of Fillmore, presented the Governor

with the golden spike, which was held in position by General U. G. McAlexander, commandant at Fort Douglas, who also was an honor guest of the

occasion. The Governor after the completion of his task was rewarded

with a beautiful bouquet of Fillmore flowers.

The Right Rev. Daniel S. Tuttle died, April 17, at his home in St. Louis,

of the effects of an attack of la grippe. He was the presiding bishop

of the Episcopal church in the United States, and the oldest Anglican bishop in the world, in point of service. At the time of his death he was 86 years

old. Bishop Tuttle was born in Windham, N. Y., January 26, 1837, he

was the son of a blacksmith. A bishop since 1867 and head of the Missouri

diocese since 1886, Daniel Tuttle received his elementary education in the rural schools about Windham and paid his way through Columbia University by tutoring sons of wealthy men of New York, and was graduated from the General Theological seminary, New York, in 1862. Four years

later he was elected the first missionary bishop of Utah, Montana and

Idaho. Only 26 years of age at the time, he had to wait one year before

being consecrated, as an ecclesiastical law makes 30 years the minimum age for a bishop. For nearly twenty years the bishop carried on the work in

the west and was considered one of the great figures of pioneer life. Bishop

Tuttle was loved by all who knew him. President Charles W. Penrose,

when told of his death, said: "We were always the greatest of friends.

With his passing the world has lost a good and able man. I always found

him fair and just in his dealings with all people."

The body of Old Posey was found in a niche of a canyon near Comb

Wash, according to a report from Blanding, Utah. He was one of the

leaders of the recent effort of the Piute Indian band to resist the enforcement of law in that part of the state, and he was killed during the fight with the sheriffs posse, March 28. The body was buried by the Indians

PASSING EVENTS 767

in a secluded spot. The location of the grave was kept secret at first. "Old

Posey"was also known as William Hatch. He was one of the inhabitants

of the San Juan basin when the first white settlers came there. In the

early days he was known for his bravery and also for cruelty, the Blanding dispatch says.

The "dry law"is in force in American waters, according to a decision of the Supreme court, April 30. Under the law, as now interpreted, no

vessels may carry intoxicants within the threemile limit, but outside, even

American vessels may sell intoxicants. The opinion was rendered in ten

cases brought by foreign and American steamship companies. Justice

George Sutherland held that foreign vessels had the right to bring liquor into American ports, but not to land any of it. Congress will probably

be asked to pass a law prohibiting the sale of liquor outside the threemile limit on any vessel flying the American flag. It is rumored that an effort

will be made to bring the question before the World Court.

Charles H. Wahlquist, of Myton, died, suddenly there, April 20, of heart

failure. He was district attorney for the Fourth judicial district. Mr.

Wahlquist was born in Sweden Feb. 5, 1857, and came to Ut<m as a boy

of 11. The family settled in Heber, where he grew to manhood. He

taught in the Wasatch county schools for a number of years, then fulfilled a mission to his native land where he edited the Star, published in Copenhagen. For six years he was Wasatch county clerk and also served a couple

of terms as county attorney. He had served one term as district attorney.

In Nov., 1898, he was appointed bishop of Buysville, serving until the ward

was combined with Daniels. He was at various times connected with the

Y. M. M. I. A.

The Snow Junior College, Ephraim, Sanpete Co., was given a new

Board of Trustees, April 27, as follows: L. R. Anderson, president of the

South Sanpete stake; Soren M. Nielson of the North Sanpete stake; R. D.

Young of Sevier stake, Moroni Lazenby of the North Sevier stake, J. E.

Magleby of the South Sevier stake, Joseph K. Eckersley of the Wayne stake,

C. T. Bowen of the Garfield stake, L. P. Oveson of Emery stake; J. B.

Jacobson of Manti, J. N. Dorius and Dr. A. L. Nielson of Ephraim. The

retiring officers are C. R. Dorius of Ephraim, Adolph Merz of Mount

Pleasant, Dean Thomas A. Beal of Salt Lake, and Louis Andeison of

Manti. L. R. Anderson was elected president, S. M. Nielson, vice president;

J. N. Dorius, treasurer; Wayne B. Hales, secretary. The executive committee comprises L. R. Anderson, chairman; S. M. Nielson, J. B. Jacobson,

Dr. A. J. Nielson, and J. N. Dorius.

The UtaJi Agricultural Experiment Station has recently published the results of a threeyear experiment on the irrigation or barley, which was conducted on the Greenville farm just north of Logan. It shows the results

of using different quantities of irrigation water on barley and of applying it at different periods in the growth of the plants. The highest yields were

applied to the cropproduced when 15 to 17!% acreinches of water were

each season. More or less water than this reduced the yield. Flooding the

field after the grain was planted but before it was big enough to shade the ground seriously decreased the yield. Water applied aj soon as the

plants shaded the ground enough to prevent baking gave the largest returns for each acreinch used. Later irrigations were of relatively less importance

for each irrigation. The largest yield was produced with three 5-inch

irrigations applied when the plants had five leaves, when the leaves were "in the boot,"and when the grain was in full bloom.

For Graduation jjm&sp and Weddings BUY "GIFTS THAT LAST"Wrist Watches, Gent's Watches,

Diamond Rings, Pearl Beads, Mesh Bags, Etc.

Fori a Square Deal Came to Jensen s

E N S EN S rl EW E L E R 5

Improvement Era, June, 1923 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rote of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. iFrl't

Edward H. Anderson, ) Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Boys'Week Celebration Frontispiece

The Greatest Gift. A Poem Kate C. Richards 677

Right Relationship Between the Church and the

State Prest. Anthony W. Ivins 679

- V- Cordon 687Modern Agriculture P

Who Knows? A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 693

Putting Instruction over into Behavior John M. Whitaker 694

R- R- Tanner,. 698A Mother in Want. A Poem

Jean's Awakening. A Drama Robert Flake Clayton 699

The Church in Vienna, Austria Walter U. Fuhriman 703

Hearts and Hollyhocks. A Story—X Ruth Moench Bell 707

Be Consistent ro/.- CZ"M'sT0,J?'Cannon U2A

Footprints. A Story OrvilleS.Jofm<son... 7 4

Judge Not. A Poem F}D. Robinson 717

to South America 2"** On the Way Hi722 E.G.lTrPhelps PoemTomorrow. Mrs. A

Qualities and Virtues Needed Today / C. Hogenson 723

New Mission Presidents. Illustrated ***?*Shards Temple Worker, to His Wife. A Poem ZZZZ,.,.,. * HI730,. Lambourne -...*me* PlatitudesPlatitudesSome=-—33

Boys'Parade Showing L. D. S. U. Band-: Gcms lness Nutauzzzzzz.:::::;:::::::::::::i""3 m TeacherTraining. inHelps fcS'- 737 Christen Hansen Savior? and A Poem.. Lord Meet OurShall We 738 L. Johnston H. Toddler. A StoryThe 742 Townsend. Longking Joseph *. Sacrifice. of A Poemj.The Law

New Latterday Saint Chapel, Oakland, California,?44 - ComparisonsEditors'Table—Educational

- "; - Information Statistical General

- 74g - -; - from the Missions Messages 52 '

Priesthood Quorums'Table Mutual Work.........! 763

Passing Events Attention!

BRIDES and BRIDEGROOMS SPECIAL DISCOUNTS OF 20% ON CASH SALES; 10% ON

CREDIT SALES DURING THE MONTH OF JUNE.

Kitchen sets including Range—Lino—Kit Table and Chairs (QP* 00 as low as fDVO\j\j

Dining Room Suites: Extension Table, Buffet, 6 Leg Seat H. B. Dining

Chairs and Velvet or Axminister Rug, (1*"| (TO 00 9x12, as low as <DlO.UU

Bed Room Suites: Bed. Dresser, Dressing Table, Chiffonier, Rocker,

and Chair and Velvet 8.3x10.6 Rug, <-| r/ AA

as low as tDltJU.UU

Modern Furniture Co, 234236 South State Street "Trade With Your Friends?'

See These Goods in our 3-Room Outfits

INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS

NOW IN STOCK

Best in the market

will last a life time—36 glasses in

each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches,, and successfully used in Utah

and InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with

Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

ONE OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Bishop's O'fffice, Bern, Idaho, May 2, 1921.

"I am in receipt of the Individual Sacrament Set, consisting of four trays and the proper number of glasses.

"Everything arrived in good condition. We are very pleased with it.

I take this occasion to thank you for vour kindness."

BUREAU OF INFORMATION Temple Block Salt Lake City Go To Summer School

There is a real advantage in beginning a commercial course in the summer. Pupils are

thereby enabled to complete their work at a time when applicants for employment are relatively scarce. Moreover, no ambitious

young person can afford to lose the summer months.

Summer Courses

The courses offered in the L. D. S. Business

College Summer Session are identical with those offered in winter and include preparation for all kinds of office positions. The principal subjects of instruction

are Bookkeeping, Shorthand, Typewriting, Penmanship, Business English,

Commercial Law, Business Arithmetic, Office Training. Complete training is

also given in the use of the Posting Machine, Burroughs Calculator, the Dictaphone, and the Mimeograph.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Day and Evening Sessions All the Year

Call Wasatch 3951

McCormickDeering Primrose BailBearing

CREAM SEPARATOR AND 13 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD OWN ONE

1. Hand or power operated.

2. Ball bearings.

3. Greater capacity with less labor.

4. Slower crank speed.

5. Easier turning.

6. Less wear and longer life.

7. Improved oiling.

8. Visible oiling system.

9. Steadier running.

10. Improved tinware.

11. Antisplash supply can.

12. Convenient bowl vise.

13. Easy bowl adjustment.

International Harvester Company of America

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH KING BLACK KING HAWK COAL COAL COAL is best for storage because its preparation at the mine assures against deterioration.

The wise man will fill his bins with his winter coal NOW freight congestion later on will make it dif-—because

ficult to get a supply when the pinch of cold weather comes.

Specify KING COAL when you order from your dealer.

UNITED STATES FUEL COMPANY PANTHER

HIAWATHACOAL Kearns Bldg. Salt Lake City COAL

SUMMER READING

FOR THE "M"MEN Every progressive "M"Man can read a half dozen gcod books this summer that will put him a half dozen leagues nearer his goal of success.

Our book specialist will gladly furnish you with a list of books that will fit in with your literary tastes and vocational aims. The service is free to every

"M"Man.

We'll mail you any o. d. Book—c.

Deseret Book Company 44 East on South Temple Salt Lake City

You Can Get Interest 8% On your money with double real estate security from us.

We are classified as a Cooperative Land Mortgage Bank and operate under the direct supervision of the Securities Commission of the the Banking Department of Utah.

BETTER TAKE 8% WITH SAFETY Write for information today Guaranteed Securities Company 206 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

REAL HUMOR

T)o Tou Like It?

uTHE NEBBS"The newest and best comic strip on the market

Lines Snappy Drawings—Real Humor—Roaring

Everything that makes a comic strip a winner.

Beginning Monday, May 21st, and daily thereafter this popular "funny"will be in

The Deseret News More Than Ever Utah's Leading Evening Newspaper

Follow a Profession and be Independent

Openings for salesmen in all parts of the InterMountain Region.

Call or write

InterMountain Life Insurance Company

Boston Building Salt Lake City, Utah.

Strong Conservative Progressive

Fire is no Respedter of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not li See our agent in your town'1

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

Salt Lake Costume Co.

Dealers in MASQUERADE AND THEATRICAL COSTUMES

Play Books and Manuscripts, Hair Goods and Makeup Materials

Toupees, Evening Dress Suits, and Gowns Suitable for Weddings and other better, Call and Formal Affairs. Send for Catalogue Plays—Costumes, or,

See Us

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The Sion of See Cream Candy*** * * * Cake SIX RETAIL STORES PHONE WAS. 3223 (yncheon,

gS3<S3<S3<S3<S3<E3<3<E3<S3S3 b* Ask your dealer for Z. C. M. I. Factory Made

CO8M 8 bg Kiddies"Allovers DUTCH CUT I!8Mbdl They are the famous Mountaineer Brand in dark bO

blue, light blue, striped and khakis.

are just what you need for the8nbdl Mothers—they 8 b*

little the kiddies tots—and

like them too. 8

bdl8Mbd 8mm 8bd bd baSdSdS3<Sd "bdbdbd For Peace of Mind and security tomorrow, take out insurance today. To know that you are

adequately insured will give you a sense of satisfaction and your family a feeling of security that nothing else can equal. See us today.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, Pres. LORENZO N. STOHL, Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA