(7n& improvement

JANUARY, 1931

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

Land Poor

By DR. J. H. PAUL

er

Pull By SIBYL SPANDE BOWEN

S>:'b!n.:'

Essentials of Public Speaking By DR. ANTHONY F. BLANKS

@y3

In the Realm of Literature By ROBERT C. ELLIOTT

(S*%"

Values By LINDA S. FLETCHER

RING OUT THE OLD, RING IN THE NEW

(Eljrtatmas Kbvmtuv?

flf

Manet

Nick. of soot a pinhead on old wasn't

the night before Christmas, and* There WAS cried, he but not a cough, coughed And he the house, all through "Tell me quick!

a creature Not was stirring but Mickey r-

What is it has happened to clean up this 1 the Mouse,

And house he was inspecting the chimney with Of smoke and of soot—say, wee Mickey care,

Mouse!"In hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there.

And well he might wonder, and well he might fear, Then Mickey spoke up and told what he knew,

For Saint Nick had come down through the chimThat the dirt, and the smoke, and the soot were ney last year taboo All covered with soot, and strangling with smoke, In all the clean houses throughout the great west

And he swore in a rage between every choke: Since Natural Gas has been found of all fuels the

best. "It's a pity they couldn't give welcome to me So Nick warmed his hands at the glowing gas grate.

When they asked me to fill up the stockings and And laughed, "Ho! Ho! Ho! I sure 'predate

tree! The nodirt, nosmoke, nosoot of this home,

I've a good mind no longer appointments to keep, And now I will show it before I must roam."

But to turn my job over to some chimney sweep!"

So he left better presents than ever before,

Now, wee Mickey Mouse had just finished a round And more.stuffed all the stockings till none would hold

Of Mouse Golf with one of his friends when the He said, as he left, "When I'm pleased, then I sound please!"

Of St. Nicholas swearing broke in on the game, And he stretched Mickey's sock with a large hunk

And they had to admit that it sure was a shame, of cheese.

The way that good Santa Claus found himself Now, listen, dear children, and tell all the folks treated. That dirt, smoke and soot are no longer jokes

Would you like with soot and smoke to be greeted? If your family healthy would be every day,

gas, use gas every way, gas, heat with with But down through the chimney came old Nick Cook clean every will and be smokeless, town And the himself,

As happy a could be, the merry old elf! Take house,advice from old Santa and Mickey the Mouse,

L ftfiffS.1*is J

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 129

FORECAST PJhe /fmprovemeirtAN interesting feature of the

February will exEra be an Clarissa Melvin J. Ballard Beesley A.cerpt a funeral recentfrom sermon ERA"Associate Business Business Manager Managerly delivered J. President Heber by George Q. Morris

it close relationshipGrant. In the

between this life and the future is Rachel Grant Taylor made clear, and some of the purChairman Era and Publicity poses of the Almighty, often so inscrutable to mortals, are explained. Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

-40*@J5*S- Associations and the Department of Education of the Church - of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints "P HERE are few writers or speak ers in this, or any other comare take able tomunity, who a CONTENTS hearts of youngfirmer grip on the and old alike than is Dr. Adam S. Title Page

Bennion. He has prepared a series Editorials—

of articles dealing with the prob- A New Year Elsie T. Brandtey 131

lems of life and is offering our The Challenging Task; What Do Your Children Read, and Wait

young readers the opportunity of and See Hugh J. Cannon 132

of theirsubmitting to him some his In the Realm of Literature....,: Robert C. Elliott 133 questions.perplexing With

keenly sympathetic nature, his unLand Poor!.. Dr. J. H. Paul 135

derstanding of men and his faith Opportunity for Musicians 136 he is admirably fitted to give adPoetry J,... 137

vice to those who are entering upUtah is Calling Me Kenyan Wade on the responsibilities of life. The The Seasons Grace Ingles Frost

first of this series will appear in AdoptionThe First Snow LinnieEdithFisherCherringtonRobinson the next number. Firelight. L. E. Flack

> -miSStafr———< Shadows Lucy Russell Scott

T PERCY GODDARD, author Expatriation (Chapter Six) 'Hugh J. Cannon 138

J 'of the illuminating articles Dawn of the Year (A Poem) Alberta Huish Christensen 141 "Abominable Creeds"which reWanderlust (A Poem) Terrance Sylvester Clenamaddy 140 cently appeared in our columns, The Essentials of Public Speaking.... Dr. Anthony F. Blanks 142

furnishes us with an instructive Playing the Great Collegiate Game Football Prof, H. R. Merrill 146

contribution dealing with the fathWhy This Has Been a Century of Progress.SE. Cecil McGavin 148

erly love of God toward his chilPull (A Short Story) Sybil Spande Boweri 150 interesting comparisondren. An Foods for Health—How Much Meat Shall We Eat? Adah R. Naylor 153

of this the teachings of is made

Church and the generally accepted Priesthood Quorums doctrines which are advanced by Securing Employment for Church Members 154 others. A Unique Badge 154

Your Birthright Story 154.. 155WITHOUT Malice"is the title Field Notes

of a short story handed us Mutual Messages in which Abraham Lincoln plays Executive Department 156 an important part. It was before Community Activity Department, 159

the great emancipator became presiAdult Department 1 60 dent, and he manifests the homely M Men Department. 161

good nature and wisdom for which M MenGleaners Department 161 he afterwards became so famous. Gleaner Girls Department 163

Junior Girls Department 165 VanguardsScouts Department, 1, 167 interesting account of whatAN Beehive Girls Department 169'the is by being accomplished radio may be expected in the February number. Our organ recitals Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

and the sermons which have been Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1 103 delivered by Dr. Talmage and othAct of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

ers have attracted more than naManuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are contion-wide attention. Our article sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

will show that the Pacific islands, requested, will be destroyed.

including Australia and New ZeaPublished monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

land, receive these broadcasts very $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

clearly.

Curlew and. Ensign Stakes Lead

in Era Campaign for November

\\:.\\:hri.k.yMk '

James Palmer Merle H. Pettegrew Albert Merrill

Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director Y. L. M. I. A. Era Director Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director

Curlew Stake Ensign Stake Ensign Stake

HERE ARE THE HONOR STAKES FOR NOVEMBER

Greatest Increase in Percentage Largest Number of Subscriptions Sent in of Quota Since November 1st

.: Curlew 60 Big Horn 29 Ensign 1 1 3 196 Pocatello

'Kolob 49 Emery 28 Liberty 173 Idaho Falls I 106 i":Kanab Alberta 48 Fremont 168 Granite 105 '. 28

:."..Fremont Boise.I'. 44 28 Logan. 144 Benson 104

Minidoka...'...:......: 4 2 Pocatello., 27 Kolob 1 3 9 Salt Lake 102

St. Joseph - 35 Ensign 27 St. Joseph 136 Box Elder 97

Juarez 34 Lethbridge 2 7 Emery 120 East Jordan 92

San Juan 34 Cache 26 Ogden '. 118 Pioneer 92

Zion Park 32 Uintah 25 North Weber 1H Utah 90

Logan 3 Montpelier 24 Cache 1 1 Minidoka 89

It takes more than a year of dull is in existence and that it is an agThirteen hundred subscriptions in business to dampen the ardor of gressive, forwardlooking organone week in November, mostly rethe army of field workers of the ization. newals, indicates what is being ac-

M. I. A. In spite of opposition of Our Era work has been an incomplished.

various the kinds M. I. A. work spiration Officers to the General of field Direcour splendid With

itsis enjoying, angles, from many the associations. tors business in following When work up the

most. successful year. conditions are taken into considereach ward and stake of the Church

of Era The Department and ation our subscription feacampaign the and with many excellentPublicity reis no exception. A compares very tures favorably even with appearing in the Era now

markable work has been accomlast year. Compared with the exeach month, Centennial year will

plished by this division. No deperience of other magazines of still prove to be a big success for

partment of the M. I. A. has more general circulation in this section the Era.

loyal, devoted and efficient workers the Era is in an enviable position."The General Officers of the M.than the Department of Era and

Publicity. New subscriptions have really I. A. extend their thanks and apThe work of the M. I. A, has been surprising. Thousands of preciation to all Stake and Ward

had more publicity in newspapers, new readers have been added. Old workers and all who have assisted

in public meetings and in special subscribers, in spite of business in any way in accomplishing these ways this year than ever before in conditions have renewed in large splendid results and wish happi-

M. L A. history. The people of numbers and with the fall harvests ness and prosperity to all in the

the Church know that the M. I. A. thousands more are renewing. year ahead.

IE ID II L A Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

A New Year tion,tions init ais way.a wiseAndideaso,to mhavecarryingan eyeoutopenour resoluto the

byproducts, for in them we may find greater satisTT7HEN faction recompense and have come in the than would v"new theunderancientthe sagesun, declaredhe did thatnot nothingrefer to wasthe realization plans. of more ambitious

for could apparently, be newer Year, whatNew for activity of is there need In every walk life and full itself a is in that? marvel,than new day A understanding for betterment. In work, and room for achievement, possibility of joyof hours and

but one day is so near the day before it and the day in play, in politics and religion and social relationwhich is to follow it that the associations and recolships each one of us might well take stock of ourlections and anticipations crowd backward and forselves and our affiliations and determine where we like to stand atward so insistently that even a new day scarcely now stand, and where we should can be separated from several old ones and still the end of the year now dawning. In work we may

be actual the doing of labor expected and amount is to come. quitenewer ones But a Year New us, to assigned the but are hours thus we using many isdifferent; it there a thing of itself. to In time

analyze hopes and begin to work toward their respent in becoming better acquainted with our fellowalization; time to figure out mistakes and rectify workers, and in trying to understand them and the

problems which daily confront them? Are wethem; time to discover shortcomings and overcome

them; time to pause in the program of work and good neighbors to those whose desks or looms or

play and make new contacts, form new friendships, counters are next to ours? In play we may be

and put new life into old associations. muscles,finding thebut arenecessarywe as wellrelaxationputting forinto someour lonelyweary

A custom of uncertain origin and antiquity is that heart a ray of cheer and a smile of gaiety? In

practice conpolitics we may vote for the man we consider bestof making New Year's resolutions—a

demned by some on the grounds that it is a more fitted to uphold the public trust, but do we go out unwholesome thing to make pledges which are alof our way to encourage and commend the official most sure to be partially or wholly broken than it who is struggling against odds to do his duty? In

is to leave the promises unformed. True as this religion we may uphold the commandments and

may be, it proves nothing in regard to the value support the amendments, but what of the widow and of resolutions, for these need not be pledges, made in the fatherless? Do they come into our code of re-

a solemn manner, nor promises voiced aloud. They ligious living? In social relationships we may do

might better be defined as contemplations and analygreat and worthy things toward boosting the city ses, coupled with purposeful intent. They should in which we live, and vigorously denouncing those

include selfinspection, selfinvestigation, self catewhose civic pride is lacking, but are we finding the chism, entered into for the purpose of ascertaining quiet joy which comes with forgetfulness of self limitations and weakness, and followed by the dein remembrance of others?

termination to improve. Resolutions are somewhat Resolutions made under the influence and inspiraclosely related to ambitions, to ideals. All of them tion of the holiday spirit will give us the incentive

are steps toward the setting and reaching of aims, to broaden and expand our lives in the year to and only through knowing where one wishes to go come—the New Year in which we can forget old

can one get there with the least waste of energy sorrows, and grudges, old jealousies and disappointand strength. ments, and dedicate ourselves to the raising of new

Resolution is a quality which makes for efficiency hopes and the determination to make of them realiand accomplishment, for it crystalizes the point toties. In Lincoln's Gettysburg address he pled with

ward which we wish to move. After our wagon is those under the sound of his voice to "more highly

hitched to our particularly starry destination, resoluresolve,"and in the word "highly"he expressed tion is the motive power by which the vehicle is the underlying power of resolution. Loftiness, the

propelled, and every wagon requires some sort of rising above the plane of ordinary existence, themotor. The worthiness of the resolution, and the understanding of greater possibilities—all these are

fidelity with which it is carried out is the measure suggested, and can come into actuality in the light of by which success may be calculated, Columbus had high resolution! on

an idea that India could be reached by traveling Something is new under the sun! The year just

west, and his also was the resolution to prove the ahead is new, and in it is new opportunity for soundness jof his convictions. The discovery of growth, for education, for spiritual enlightenment.

the new joy lying in wait for one who is willingAmerica was the result—not the outcome for which Find

he had hoped, but one of greater import. Many to seek for it in places where his own selfish interests

startling inventions and discoveries have been based must be subordinated to the wellbeing of others upon chance observations made in the effort to find and the gladness of the New Year will be a song of rejoicing, r something entirely different—byproducts of resolu132 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

Find in your life the empty places—the lack of remotely could be considered objectionable. Furtherlove, of usefulness, of generosity, and more highly more, they all carry with them the spirit of the

resolve, during the year ahead, to fill them to overGospel. In this respect they are distinctive—as difflowing with the precious rewards of living, which ferent from other magazines as this Church is difhaye nothing to do with bonds and stocks and ferent from all others,

savings accounts. Frequent reference has been made in these columns

Make your resolutions first, and then make them to the fact that the subject of reading was concome true. E. T. B. sidered sufficiently important for the Almighty to

i 'morim in mention it in one of his revelations. It will be noted

, r that he does not instruct his people to confine their,7 1 he Khalleriklrik I ask readingThis topeopleChurchrecognizeliteraturethe solely.fact that all the light

C VERY step in the M. I. A.,plan is in the direcof the world does not come directly to them. TheyjL'tion of the great objective—the wholesome use are taught to seek after that which is "virtuous,

of leisure time. Someone has wisely said that to lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy,"and this

budget one's time is not less necessary than to budget can be accomplished better through good books than one's expenses. in any other way.

Scientists tell us that, through the use of machinery, each man, woman, and child in the United * "=*<—*

States invisible of thirtyfive has the equal servants. TT7"C devices are daily being perfected,New laborsaving Yv Git'CLTLQ.1 <36?

and these foreshadow the sixhour day and the fiveday working week. Z7LSEWHERE in this number of the "Era,"an

Most Latterday Saints are intensely serious at. article appears under the title, "In the Realm of

times. The nature of their work makes them so, but Literature."In connection with this subject, one

as a preventive measure against becoming unduly seri- l ou r hypercritical friends has challenged anyone ous, their inspired leaders have taught the importance to name a great artist, either with brush or pen, who of proper recreation. Tired feet and aching hearts has come out of Utah. While this challenge might

found relief in dance and song which were a part of well be accepted, it is, nevertheless, thoughtpro:

the great westward trek. voking. Surrounded as we are by majestic and inNot infrequently adult M.,I. A. members do not spiring mountains, and with a background of history

care to participate in the activity program. People as colorful as that of any community in the world,

thus inclined are the ones who need most to relax, with a virile, industrious, and ambitious people, and this opportunity will prove a real blessing if this western country should produce outstanding they will but avail themselves of it. artists along every line.

The World Tomorrow for October has an article Perhaps we need just such criticism as that of by Goodwin Watson, professor pi educational psyou r intolerant friend to shake us out of our lethargy, chology at Teachers College, Columbia University. The students who have gone from these mountain

He says: "The really challenging task for education valleys to eastern colleges have demonstrated that

is the enrichment of leisure."this people is not lacking in intellectual vigor. ReOur Associations have anticipated this challenge ports from various universities indicate that its repreand are meeting it intelligently. sentatives are above the average.

o q,3> In tri s connection, one is reminded that a score or more of years ago, the Word of Wisdom was critiTX/Ti/t*- Tz-i V/vnwi our OltnlAntynnuaven cizedathletes>becausenotwithstandingwe did not havethe atremarkabthat timeie anypromisesgreat w nat uo

IXCCLCL? given in regard to physical endurance to those who

observe this revelation. The answer to the charge

'T'HE Church through the public utterances of its was that we had been thinking of more serious and <* officers, through its Priesthood quorums, auxiliary important things than athletics. Since then, howorganizations and its publications, has urged upon ever, athletes from these mountain valleys have come

its membership the importance of wholesome reading into their own, and many of them have achieved matter. It is a subject which cannot be overempha- national, and some of them international reputations,

sized. Unfortunately there are comparatively few The same answer can be given to those who

magazines into which a story suggestive of evil does criticize the intellectual achievements of these cornnot now and then creep. munities. Wait and see. The responsibility for

An eminent eastern doctor expresses this significant making the name of this western country famous thought: "Sex problems are admitted to the press, rests upon the young people of the community, alike

when they are indecently treated, but not when they upon "Mormon"and non-"Mormon."However,

are decently treated;"and another writer sums up the members of this Church have a promise, which

his conclusions in this language: "I do not mean, is not accepted, at least not to the same extent,

of course, that publishers and editors are guilty of by others. To those who strive to keep his cornwilful depravity. But they have lost sight of their mandments, this marvelous promise is given by the

public obligation in the feverish competition for Lord:

mass circulation.""And their wisdom shall be great and their underEvery periodical issued by the Church or any of standing reach to heaven; and before them the wisits departments, from the very beginning, we believe, dom of the wise shall perish and the understanding

has been singularly free from material which even of the prudent shall come to naught."H. J. C.

Bhe

In tHe Realm of Literature

if It is rein the any state doubtful authors Indiana Hoosier made communities and Utah territory offers virgin literary state the as such of the union as nowned from sprung haveTHATwhich the writer. nation, far less for material for with Utah raw

her furnish an unequaled The commonwealth's whole history fiction than Utah possesses.

field for the writer is acknowlis filled with stirring drama—the Every arly Utah family has a

edged by all who are familiar struggles of the pioneers to wrest a dozen short stories in its household with western history. Here home from the desert. Only the histraditions. The private lives of our

prejudiced or forbears novels. gripping he often would make torian—andone adequately touched fiction reasons, the Yet, for many elesentimental—hasgedy,

this potentialities scarcely state that field. of canconflict—indeed,find humor, pathos,every trahave

ment which goes into the making But think of the people whose been touched.

of a great story. hearts bled and pulsated in epochal Few writers have attempted to make

However, it remained for Robadventure! Think of the experiences real literature out of the Mormon

ert C. Elliott, editor of the Salt which no other people have exactly stories that abound here and that cry

Lake Telegram and a non-"Morduplicated! to be told to a world sickened of sex

mon,"to present to the world No matterof-fact history can do pathology and drab realism.

the vision of the great fiction posjustice to the thousand and one stories struggle, deconquest, adventure, of publishers of magazines and npHEsibilities this people. Coming

feat, heroism triumph, tragedy and * to to fear have books seemed ofout commonwealth in Indiana—aof people enacted by fleshand-blood possibilities literary penetrate vast the

state literary as of the thefamed Utah. lent of Utah. not. encourhave They

here found what writers to to agementnation—he wanted who is that the remarkable wonderdeclares is "far wonderful more the tales of out and its pour Utah he THEliterary material has not of Utah ever material"he than hadraw people.

capitalized. long been ago elsewhere. isseen it literary for time But America

inearly writers that All seemed it to stories say, the to that goes "But on demand He defending in terested attacking or was are locked are in stored perspective. upwill require The Utah—thatdramatic the that of period Mormons. Now in the of minds ourstories told be cannot from citizens—that is a bitterness ended. happily

the understanding awaitonly mind generastandpoint. This present generation catch should The

. the able and pen! in active people young see a bigger vision—should the Utahbiasedtion—the; * & *

epic Ashavethe Mutual Improvement in true perspective—should to Bret Harte did. for California's lore the imagination tell and creative talent be able tosociations—should the of fortyniners to ought be what interpret the of yesterday romance and lived. it really as storythe was '47 for done'Utah's'pioneers of and stories, novel's poetry, short into today generationIt is to this oncoming the prospectors followed them. who that literary and plays make would thatof look must we Mormons Riley, Tarkirigtori Nicholson and.. history.

for the untold stories of their animmortalized: their Hoosier neighbors.cestors. They are the ones who Willa Cather glorified* the homely

will make the heroism and drama people of the soil.

of the pioneers live for posterity; Julia Peterkirt thrilled literary

America within. truly great literature."her 1. yivid picture of the hill south's people

editorial, written following Stuart Ruth McEneryT'HE fplks"'"cultud Elliott in the Telegram of Arkansas, * by Mr. portrayed4.:, andthe

of October 19, 1930, has aroused George W. Cable's pen put life'pernation-wide comment: petual'into the Creoles of New Orleans

in reached that point has Nelson Thomas Page captivated its writersUTAHcultural and the gentlemen of the old south. progress as when boyhood, Well as adults, with Virshould begin creating a great literature. ginian 'adventures

Frontier days are gone. No longer Sinclair Lewis made Mr. Babbitt a

is our every thought and energy abnational character.

sorbed in the conquest over the reRobert Frost caught the charm of lentless forces of nature. New Hampshire's simple rustic life.

But the past has bequeathed a gloMary. Wi Ik ins, depicted New England

rious opportunity to the present Puritans in all genuineness.

generation. Eugene O'Neil and Marc Connelly

There are stories in Utah just dramatized the. negro into stage epics

begging for literary genius to see and that will bequeath, to posterity an inwrite them! Robert C. Elliott sight into a people's emotional stress

134 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

under great experiences of religion and or spirit that may be associated with civilization. O'Neil penetrated the Utah."

character of the New England farmer, C. ELLIOTT has hadof modern social and business personaRsQBERTunique experience. From infancy XJ L. MENCKEN, e d i t o r of

alities and even an immigrant to New he was taught that he should be- *** American Mercury, says:

great writer, before he a and comeYork. ever "If hear of any you Utah

years age, twelve of he wrote was Salt exprofessor, Dr. Vardis Lake's I cerseems author promising who stories children's for magazine taFisher, his neighbors wrote about and tainly of send him. hope news you me for. accepted were paid which andrelatives a classic created in Idaho and to pleasure give indeed a be It would everything has connected done He

his struggles pioneer in "Toilersof of in the a chance Mercury. American the selling a him newspaper, with from

the Hills."papers, acting as cub reporter, city "Utah has always interested me imeditor, editor, feature telegraph to to get hoping mensely and I am all these secret the of authors writer, editor to editormanagingBUT the within time City Salt some Lake this: the about they was is inchief. acacquainted by He I passed year. through next have theypeople own whom tual in experience of working most knew—theirwrote got times, three never but have two orrelatives, fellow neighbors townsand the the states of Union. Mr.

men. They had that rare power of Elliott also traveled extensively in off the train.

insight that sees romance in the everyEurope and did newspaper work "I see no reason why Utah shouldn't day lives of the people right around in Paris; and yet "Bob,"as he turn out young authors as competent,

in say, Milburn as George Oklahoma and lovingly knownthem his friends, is still a in young Arizona. Goldie Weisberg and write of night did not They life in amongman.is familiarly best to in your of luck you "Thethe did they Montmarte; not attempt

jungle or oriental "hairraisers."They crusade! You'll have a lot of fun and

did the simplest yet hardest task known you'll probably achieve some good."

a passion It must become with poto creative spirit the and art—caught tential justice authors to to do the r\R. VARDIS FISHER, former theportrayed they scenes which knew

best. They made immortal characters neglected literary possibilities of their ** professor of English at the

of fiction right from the common clay own state. University of Utah, in a letteraround them. That is genius! Vision—selfanalysis—selfconfi- from New York University, dedence—imagination! Once our writers clares:

are fired by the realization of what "I agree with Editor Elliott's statethey might there will be the written great has yet who is a fruitful field for ment that Utah do—thenBUT genuine hope developing a for Utah novel, the play, Utah great Utah the serious writer.

or who has found the secret of selling great literature. "I am inclined to suppose that some

stories short the toUtah magazines? rise great will novels eventually out the mass of comments "CROM all credit those toWith have who social the of and spiritual movement

editors publishby eastern andlabored in midst, earnestly fact the our called I see the Mormonism. But as

is inescapable that the literary poteners and other prominent men material, it is rich in its fabulous and tialities have been sorrowfully negaroused by the foregoing editorial, symbolic possibilities and not in its lected. a few are quoted here. Others creeds and dogma."

We cannot say that Utah needs a will be published in future numis writers Utah's it SPUR -toliterary because renaissance, never A bers Era. of the * its contained in justice to an interesting anevenhas started to do "Salt Lake City is a treasure house

possibilities. for some writing man! nouncement received by Mr. Elliott

So let's quit blaming the publishers, "The Mormon hegira is the most from Alfred Dashiell, managing and get down to work. The period epic, colorful, and unusual thing in editor of Scribner's Magazine. The

when magazine editors and book pubAmerican history. * * * That the editor of this distinguished maglishers were afraid of the controversial Mormons did a wonderful thing is azine wrote as follows:

in that lurkdangers maUtah might dispute. past * * * Brigham glad, indeed, "I Young very to write am

terial entirely passed. be There's should of ablest America's was one and editorial the about most you on Utah's

stories the marvelous reasonno why individual Lee Masters. literary possibilities. men."—Edgar I can commend

told;of not no should be people our the it in heartiest terms.

reason novels or dramas fiery the a says why the DeVoto from DUT "Both Lee Masters you and Edgar

Pulitzerhere should not even become startle things - few that should are the necessity right about for writprize-winners. us of selfout lethargy our and ing the about people best you know talented present our cannot Why complacency: are deepest. where roots your and

the in students now "I else Masters or defy Mr. seewriters—and in anyone will our February "You numschools and classes the high of artist find quasiartist, to or even one that ber are a announcing prize we grasping by famous in all the of expanse wide Utah, contestEnglishcolleges—become for narratives from of personal exopportunities Utah? of the to Hurricane, Springs perience Soda from It personal observation. and

outside for wait must we Whyliterary is to St. artist Roosevelt a George. to supplement long short our No remarkable the visualize to authors there lived ten ever after he contest, story minutes both of which are aimed transpired thatsociological dramas fare the railroad If out. at fostering in had the genius. natural our

this mountains? lofty of country presence should one of become the been have always known lookon "We

is in here material Literary raw the as would Mormons him writer damn for the genuine can a out who the Before abundance. astounding loafer gentiles the and its life lynch flavor in would the give of American

is frontier thepioneers a profligate. as him pass—before phases. does various not This mean literary the trap us long too gone—let ever a indeed, of heard local writer color. merely "Who, himThe door. very at our resources a painter, sculptor, a self a of Utah Utah have point view Utah and must * * *

novelist, or poet, or critic, or educator, have something to say. At the same

ever heard right the time about you are I know publicist—who

that possibilities literary Mr. of Utah,, I am confidentITtheis statetime toformakethe culturala searchingleadersstudyof orof editor,a Utahn?or and you

of the opportunities. Masters has not. Let him repeat a may be sure that we shall be glad to

Inspiration and guidance are most line of Utah poetry or the name of a see any authentic manuscripts which needed by our writers. Utah book—any work of the mind come from there."

Land Poor!

Depreciation of Small Farms and Homes

As a Cause of Unemployment and

Old Ae Dependency3 Poverty maintain that cheap food is more By J. H. PAUL important to the nation than is a

Director Old A&e Pensions Therefore, we cannot, for at leastINertythe haslast lost25 years,its formerreal propcom- more flourishing agriculture. Salt Lake County many years to come, expect aged manding position of conto small to turn again people home increase rising eachstantly with

lies doors. of out that any their for gardens supfarms and it. surrounding populationof the

this It that been claimed has port. the reversal of a has beenThere

is fault farmthe of the condition the ofwell economic law known Agricultural depression in America was since ers too paid they themselves, land. increment ofunearned No rise much for their land; then many gradualeight yearsfrom during1890 toand1913.followingThen forthe land of the valuelonger does

their farms, mortgaged them prosperous befarming World was War increase in population.with The of failed durprices while agricultural banks cause for high of pro300 some revolution,industrial the rising ducts. close the inBefore of 1921 last because they ing decade the

living, decline of farmcost the of set indepression in, but had could not collect these mortgages. dustrial theing, in dustry revived of the 192628, was &nd breakdown and

small industries, have been named FOR EXAMPLE: at a high peak of prosperity.

as causes. June 6, 1930, revival.Farms, Farmhowever,mortgages,did notbyshare1930,in hadthe

In April, 1930, the following inquiry Salt Lake City, Utah. been increased "more than eleven billion

was sent to a dozen or more American Dear Sir: I have 320 acres of patented dollars—a sum equal to the war debts."

universities and colleges: land in San Juan county, that I homeFarm property, in these twelve years, had

"We have found in iUtah that small steaded in 1918. In the years 1919 "depreciated in value more than twenty

owners'homes, farms, industries, and and 1920 the state sold lands close to billion dollars, a sum larger than the land, that some 25 years ago would have mine for as high as $18.75 per acre at estimated value of all American railroads.

been worth from $2,000 to $5,000 are auction. This was raw sage brush land. * * * More than 6,000 once prosperous

now without market value, and cannot I have a threeroomed house on my rural banks have closed their doors. * * *

be sold to any advantage, rarely bringing place, and the land is all fenced and subIn the last 1 2 years, five million farm 25 per cent of what they have cost, divided; 100 acres of it is cultivated. workers have been driven off the farm

cases scarcely bt can in numerous sell and trying to I have been this farm industrial chairfor to Hirth, centers"—Wm ioldage of Certain it is our away. given at assessed and $800.00; $1,050.00; time Corn Belt Committee. man From

pensioners offer to turn over to the county the Board of Equalization will not reduce to time statistics have been published ibeir home or farm—an offer that the its taxes, I have applied two or three showing the continued desertion of farms

county uniformly declines. time for a reduction or an abatement, for cities.

"In your judgment, is this loss of the but they ignore my request. I have not President Hoover has several times reformer value of homes, lands, farms, received one cent of revenue from my marked that: "Our workers, with their

universal? Or is it confined mainly to place since 1921; but if the taxes were average weekly wages, can today buy two

the Rocky Mountain West?"exempted, I might be able to sell it at and even three and onehalf times more

The answers indicate that these consome price. Many of the homesteaders bread and butter than the wage earners

ditions are general throughout the counhere have let the County sell their homein Europe."This is undoubtedly true.

try. steads for taxes. We can buy more of everything that

When the matter was laid (April 25) Yours very truly, the farms of America produce in export before the American Association for Old- W. H. Brown. quantity than can be bought in Europe

Age Security, it came out that abandoned ior the same money, otherwise we could or bankrupt farms are rather common not have been shipping to Europe the in New England, are wellknown in Extent of American Farm prodigious farm exports that for 400

Michigan, and in Pennand YorkNew richest in sylvania, even the two agriDepression Americanyears have farmergone there.works Ashis longbig, ascheapthe

cultural counties (Lancaster and York) farm with machinery, he undersells the many small farms can be conducted only A MERICAN farms have ceassmall, expensive European farms worked by those farmers who drive daily to "ed to be, as they once were, by hand.

at earning industries near the great hand, a reservoir to absorb the unemthen, there, the day's and wages with aid of their families, working the farm ployed and also a haven for those A Remarkable Mistake besides. who aspire to the proverbial independence of farm life as com- 'T'HE industrial prosperity of

Testimony of Farm pared with dependent wageearn- 1 America from 1922 to 1928

Depreciation ing in the cities. Depression of had been so great that the end of

farming has now proceeded so far poverty was by many thought to 'T'HERE are reported to be hun that measures for the restoration be in sight. In proof of this

dredsi perhaps thousands, of of. farm prosperity, if it can be claim, the growth of American

farms in Utah, Idaho, and nearby restored by remedial legislation, foreign commerce was cited as the states, lying idle or deserted, will no doubt require many years greatest in these six years that had though their soil is as fertile as for successful fruition: and some ever occurred, in this countrv or

136 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

in of the history other any manWhat of the Future? Opportunity for the in kind. growth But was

manufactured exports only, since "THAT farm conditions can be those of agriculture had steadily quickly and radically altered, Musicians and enormously decreased during so as to relieve the cities of mil- r* HORISTERS and organists in these years. J lions now idle, and lift from the or near Idaho Falls, Idaho,

pension and charity rolls tens of and Logan, Ogden, Salt Lake City,

Real Gains in Manufacturing thousands who must at present Provo, Ephraim and Richfield, receive such relief or perish-—this, Utah, will welcome the announceStatistical that Abstract shows The the contrasted the considering views sixlesson intensive of an ment murose finished manufactures export from of is a vain hope from Washington, sic course has been created which $2,260,- to in 1921 $1,626,849,000

002,000 in 1928, an increase of 39 for the near future. expressly for them by the General

increased cent. per Semimanufactures is receiving and Music Committee

a comes note optimism of Yet in to $716,- 1921 from $410,167,000 the enthusiastic cooperation of side Atlantic. increase the each of in of 75 from 352,000 1928—an the Auxiliary General of Boards increase, years. 6 in avcent per This Prof. of Sheldon UniYork New

is upOrganizations, drawing finished and cent for 8 per year per eraging versity that shows (Nov. 16)

1 a cent for year semiper 2 over and the of resources the Church's on inventions timely saved have manis impressive. indeed manufactures, institution, the music McCune results the of kind worst from inexported manufactures Finished asfor Art, of School Music and in ships former total 3 7 the cent per of creased from panics—clipper details sistance the in out working to in electric the country the 1921 exports 45 of in 1847; 1873; power

per cent of the total in 1928. Semiautomobile in 1907; radios and of the course and for instructors to

classes. rose exported from the goods manufactured conduct in laborsaving machines 1921;

total the exports cent of in 1921 9 per the During month of January telethat he ventures to hope in and cent of the to total exports per 14 1928. vision, or cheap airplanes, or the course will open in each of

mechanical refrigeration, may soon the cities mentioned above on the dates: January 5, Ephfollowing idle all our again at work men The Losses to Agriculture set 10, raim; Logan; January January the to supply which demands new

The amounts of foodstuffs exported the perfecting of these machines 12, Richfield; January 17, Provo:

tell a very different story. would produce. January 19, Salt Lake City; JanCrude foodstuffs exported in 1921 uary 24, Ogden; January 26,

in totaled but 1928, $673,334,000; are the Falls. only a result use the increased Idaho of Not As to $294,577,- shrunk had orchoristers and inventions, and laborsaving ward F. A. stake cent. 5 6 In of per 1921 of these000—aexportsloss: to cities expected in these ganists in the Clement, Saturday London totaled foodstuffs exported manufactured

$685,025,000. and by 1928 they had Review gives a pleasing picture of attend the classes, but also all of

shrunk to $465,811,000—a loss of 32 "the new slavery,"the slaves of these officers in outlying districts

Agricultural cent. exports went per so. Because possibly can the do future being knowledge and who exas fast as manufactured almostdown

in a place'so is given high music the machine: ports up. went

Crude foodstuffs exported declined our Church activity and to make it from 15 per cent of the total exports The old slavery of the Greek and available to the greatest number of of the country in 1921 to less than 6 Roman worlds broke down because it Church musicians, this special inwasteful, unecwas cumbersome, and cent in 1928. of the total per Manuslavery will be The new comstruction is to be given free. 6 per onomic. declined foodstuffs factured from 1

cent of the total exports in 1921 to pact and economic; it will give us states Six prominent musicians have

capable of very supporting large populatotal in the 9 per 1928. cent of the called of faculty the been from

tions, an enormous proportion of which a, our more grew whale, commerce Art, of Music School As and McCune will leisure at three, five be four, or to thanslowly any 1928 1922 from af his to present of each them own a days curse week. of which Adam, The years.,3 in Abstractprior r time The those it the locality, special falls topic lightly in each or upon whom less increase yearly that the wasshows

called blessing, agreeably have a will have designed the being of course whole six years cent. 6 per.than war The

lifted; been and everyone will have an as far in increase year; 5;0 per. to solve cover so per cent andshow opportunity of cultivating the things of cent;the to years 1,908 per 1913, the possible 6% probof range wide the graces and the pleasures of mind and 7 to percent. Mean1908,and 1902 choristers life. the that lems confront It will be hard, for doubt, no many failing, thewhile, farms, and pay were

fetishes thrift give the of twin in their of us to up organists important and. fallen toof farm hands Southern had

so, even not industry. need and But we are: positions. instructors Theans a cents the "If day. of average 32

in pedagogics even age despair an when toil forreceived thefarmers their wages Organist Kimball, P. of Edward the chief entertaining. can of be One this.labor,of unskilled beggarly even Hinchcliff the Lester Tabernacle; will a civilization of such concerns be bilfive.increaserise income farm would the of Director the necessadistribuition the equitable Tabernacle of Ogden Industrial year. a dollarslion "--National

little ries life have to had people of who Choir; organReid, C. former W.Board.

a their In such production. in share ist the of and Tabernacle Provo cent the of per 17 "In York New all subsidiary of kinds employworld

farms have been abandoned during the ments would arise, artcrafts that would instructor of piano and piano class past ten years; in Ohio, 14 per cent; in be amateur in the best sense of the word; methods at the McCune School of

Illinois, in cent; Wisconsin, per 3.8 9.4 either pursuit of the knowledge, while Art: C. Music Lund, and Anthony

cent;per its its material for sake apfor or own Director of Salt the Lake Taberlive prices have stock "In 1930 attract everincreas- deplication, an would vioBeales, nacle Choir; Reginald cent; cent; crops,clined per 17 per 29 enthusiasts. Leisure need of ing number linist enteacher of violin and and cent;sheep, cent; wheat, per per 36 46

will idleness. be not people be Most retail prices of commoditiesbut have at the semble groups McCune Inpartially or unemployed. permanently Peterperdeclined only G. 4 School: and Y. Tracy Cannon. cent."—E. state ternally, every concentrate will onson, president, econo- P. and Thomas, W. of the of Director chool McCune unless, the of economic consumptionmist, College. Conditions Agricultural

in 1930. however, are believed to be of course, wedded to the mercantile sysMusic and Art and former organtemporary. tem, it prefers to dwindle and decay. ist of the Tabernacle.

are gone, warblers vintage a royal notes Clear shorn; of too from The purple Utah is Calling Me!

creeping blurred; russet indistinct vine js of a and sound that Each The

By Kenyan Wade crawls From out IBe west an icy breath scarcely surfaces ancestral walls; quaint, heard. O'er in of and Creeps unseen of enchantments unnumbered LAND red; meteors flaming of hue burning The thrills, and hearth roaring logs upon The my a afterglow of orange wondrous The cedar, the pine the sage of the and Realm fiery a glow; red out and Throw is a heatseared shed; from horizon That thy mountains, temples thy Wondrous silently, the Close by window rainfilled of clouds gray athwart The hills, and sit I apart flame snow. or from the sky eternity's Nature unfolding page!

garnered these nature All has comand lives are say made, can Ah, how who bined, is blue, a rapturous the sky where Land give to of shall joy men? what Or satisfy. beautycraving soul to The the Painter displays Here magic Great flash of dusk—of hour One light—an ware; peri. can soul carry than more Can the of Everywhere white snow setting tints the landscape Each sun anew.

lifts, in undulating Splashing scenes vast splendor past Snow with drifts, in fearsome heaped high Snow compare.

filigrees, trees in Fireliht on hung Snow

Land where the mountains bewitch us And wrought into exquisite frieze, By L. E. Flack

and call By cunning artifice of breeze.

Beckoning us on where the clime is Alone upon a drooping bough, THERE'S something soothing, beautiserene A crow sets wondering why and how ful, about the firelight,

History rewritten on steep canon wall, It happened that istuc'h direful plight When flick'ring shadows dance and play

Here is the palace of Nature's fair queen! Has overtaken him in flight, upon a winter's night.

Unmindful that his ebon dress Weird shapes that flutter as they glide

Land where the weary may find a new Has sifted the white wilderness. in arches overhead,

zest Reflected from the living coals that burn

Far from the din of the babbling throng, a glowing red.

Here may spring forth all of man counted blest, Adoption The shadows flit from every chair, they chandelier: the round Freedom the theme of this land's happy By Edith Cherrington

the a cozy warmth room They give song!

TT TriEN you face the knowledge of when eventide is here.

VV barren years They race across the carpet, and they wall, the clamber up errant keep turning thoughts your Do The Seasons in the grate, they burst the coals silent the rooms And as dusk of your empty To

Sketched by Grace Ingles Frost With a strong persistent yearning? seek the dimlit hall.

fantastic shapes, they in feel you were cheated of someThey flutter flicker the door, on fine O'ERWithheadgleamsa canopyof sunof glowblue, sifting Did youthing through, When you put an end to hoping? And send long trembling shadow forms

On orchards crowned with dainty bloom, Do you long for the touch of baby hands across the oaken floor.

of peachOf appleboughs is of subtle charm, and Their beauty and pear With baby fingers—groping? everywhere,Wildwings a-flutter night, on a winter's

Making merry with the air; Will your name go down to forgetful- I love to watch, with happy heart, the

A goldenvested drowsy bee, ness flick'ring firelight.

Filled unto satiety, When you sink with the setting sun?

With nectar he has sipped at will Leaving no heir to carry on

From founts of nature's rare distill, The work that you left undone? Shadows

Has sought and folded wings beneath

The shelter of an emerald leaf; Then take some child to your home By Lucy Russell Scott

heart! and all over the wholeday-long.And

aint There no use o'bein'lass lad. motherless or Some lilt SHUCKS silverthroated song. ofThe

shadders. afraid! o'life's love as as You'll well him you would

Great boughs that bend with ripening have done We jist can't see, that's all.

fruit, The child that you never had. I recollect when I wuz a kid, one pitch

Gay butterfles in keen pursuit black night, a goin'along

Of happiness in fragrant bowers. -KlgjefcsfrFrum Aunt Liza's pasture gate t'ourn

Whispering to the hearts of flowers; My heart wuz poundin'like all git out,

trees black reached long moanin'The placid here stream with and there FirstA The Snow skeleton hands at me to dropped shadow more makeA Fisher Linnie fair By Robinson off'n a blowin'wind me 'N the wuz my its loveliness, of shimmerThe feet beauteous tresses bright,Like with maid the barren earth of fall roarin'torrent, black 'n deep. in their burnished mass ofWho, whiteness light, TODAYWas covered soft and In t'a by a

A dark bloom wears, a bow or gem, fine; Then sumpin grabbed me an held on

tight increased lend an sheen to them. stalksTo deadened of The lillies wail no

a beller, like t'died. an'out 'N I let more,

the broad brownUpon bosom in right front of opened wide When me of the But the dream about coming summer earth is flung a door time.

A covering of many colorings, An the light streamed out

Like olden tapestry that might have There is no crackle from the raspberry, An Dad sed, "Is that you, son?"

sprung Whose long dry vines are turned to 'N say! 'the thing that wuz holdin'me

From weaving of an Oriental Art, bridal wreath; Wuz jist some thorn uv a red rose tree

The crimson of a rose long hid away The violets once so blue beside the bank That wuz scented 'n perfumed, an sweet

Between the sacred pages of a book Sleep softly, sweetly underneath. t'see

Of memories that twine around the 'N the waters that made me so afraid, heart The fence that once was bare and rough, Wuz a purty pool where the gold fish

The yellow of pure gold that Wise Men'Now wears the grace of drapery to hide played.

took Its sturdy homeliness, and shows So, say I, there aint no use a bein'afraid

From out their store to hail the newShining white loops tied up on either o'life's shadders, born King; side. We jist can't see.

Expatriation By HUGH J. CANNON

Illustrated by Paul S. Clowes

Chapter Six

WAITING Nell tract which your father says will in Apia, after her return make him money and a reputation from Fiji, was a letter as well, and is looked upon, therefrom her mother. As usual fore, by young ladies and enterit was full of expression of prising mothers as a desirable

love. The tender heart of catch."

Mrs. Redfield yearned for her

daughter, and no effort was made to hide the fact. One paragraph in NiI ELL had urged this

the communication made the young very course upon her former lover, lady sit, silent and oppressed, for a but that did not lessen the pain ong time. It contained inforwhich the news brought. Knowmation that Nate had been going ing her mother's sympathetic naout frequently with Jessie Dean ture she was fully convinced no

and occasionally with other girls. reference would be made to this

"Of course no one knows why painful subject were it not forejou went away, except the Everetts seen that sooner or later news of and Mr. Gray, and they will never Nate's marriage must be sent. This

reveal the secret. Your friends was the inevitable result of proall imagine you and Nate had a pinquity which would do for her

lovers'quarrel and that rather lover exactly what it had done than subdue your pride you broke for her father. No matter how

with him and went to the Islands firm his present determination to to visit your birthplace, as you remain single, it was sure to yield have often said you were going to to frequent association with atdo. Naturally they think you will tractive young women.

soon be coming back and that "Girls nowadays are such permakes all of them, except Jessie, sistent anglers, and their mothers anxious to capture Nate quickly; are even worse."The girl spoke

for it is apparent that he loves aloud as she often did when alone you better than anyone else. He in her own home, more to hear

is doing well in his business, has a human voice than for any other at present a large engineering conreason. In this instance there was

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 139

a waspish tone not usually found knew my father and mother well, proof he recognized resemblance to there. "Yes, they are a lot of He told me many of the details my Fijian mother, though I had

skillful anglers."of their courtship. And as a final been introduced to him as Miss

"Pardon me, Nell, are you Redfield."

speaking of a gang of fishermen or There were tears in the girl's of something else?"It was Dick eyes as she finished. Dick seemed

Hawley who had walked over the inclined to wipe them away, but grass in front of her cottage withovercame his impulse.

out being heard. "Too bad you didn't call at

"Why, Dick, when did you Tonga,"he said. "You would

come? I'm so surprised and pleased have found me there."

to see you.""Is that so? Then I regret more

"We dropped anchor half an than ever that we missed the place.

hour ago for a very short call, You learned nothing that would and it takes good traveling to get be of interest to me?"

here from the middle of the harbor "Nothing new, I'm sorry to in that length of time."The say. I had very little time in

young officer was visibly delighted Nukualofa. There seemed to be

at his cordial reception. He took a new conspiracy on some of the

the chair which she offered and islands every day, and I was kept mopped his perspiring brow. pretty busy. But we did stay

"One of the natives who there long enough for me to meet walked, or rather trotted, along Mr. Hunt, half minister and half

the road with me says that you've JsiM wandering missionary. He has

just returned from a long trip."taken the place of his deceased

father who, you will remember, performed the marriage ceremony into girl entered his has parents. for your He

heran enthusiasticTHEdescription of I looked records. father's old

voyage but suddenly remembered them over myself and saw the she was speaking to one as faaccount of the marriage of John miliar with the South Sea Islands Z. Terry to Nelly Alder, peras the average young man is with formed by Josiah Hunt,"

his home town. "Then my last ray of hope is

"You went to Fiji?"he asked. gone,"she said despairingly.

"Yes.""If you haven't any hope, you

"To Tonga?"should be able to have pity on

"No, and I was greatly disapme.

in that;pointed but Mr, Emmett I sure have symbe may "You there,;had business of and no affection sincere yes, and pathy,

Icourse dared ask to not make him told I have also, never or would trip solelythe account, on my I tried story. hateful you my my I as particularly could notand the misery save you from best to

realgive for reason the wanthim approaching."were you toing go."

"Had you a particular reason?""I'm mighty glad you failed,

"Oh, I suppose not,"she anfor being in love with you will swered weariedly, "but sometimes 'sweeten my life. But are you

I am as desperate as a drowning still as determined as ever to marperson who clutches frantically at tyr yourself?"

a straw. I can expect no further "Yes, Dick, not that I want

light to be thrown on my anto be heroic, but because I can not cestry; had there been the slightest do anything else. It isn't sentihope in my heart I have received ment but honest desire to do

such positive confirmation of the i right."

truth that it has been killed, and "But what harm can result from yet, now that the dreaded visit to marriage? Mr. Redfield may be

Fiji is past, I want to go to all a regular Solomon in most matthe places where my father and ters, but in this thing mental mother lived. I compared myself rheumatism or something of the

to a drowning person. It would kind has certainly given his mind

perhaps be truer to say I am like a twist. You're as white as any

a -murderer whose constant imgirl; the slight part of Fijian

pulse is to visit the scene of his blood need never be known; if

crime."you would rather, you may go

environ- "What confirmation did you strange entirely into an are persistent "Girls nowadays such receive?"set of acquaintwhere a new ment their anglers, are even mothers and

"I met General Howcroft who worse."ances will be formed. There's no

1 40 The,, Improvement Era for January, 1931

real principle involved in this matyou meet a really white girl."development. Today, for the first

ter. You're simply making a ty- "I don't change that easily, time, I was carried away by your

phoon out of a little zephyr. If Nelly dear."unexpected action, and, I shall be

you'll marry me, in time you your- 'You're not changeable at all, perfectly frank with you, by my self will forget all about this;"Dick. That's what worries me own hunger for affection. But

now. You love honesty, admire knowing our danger I shall not

T devotion to duty and to principle; relax again. That was the first

1 HE impetuous fellow you"are a heroworshipper. A love and it must be the last embrace."

spoke earnestly, almost convincfounded upon anything less than ingly. It was what the girl longed these could not last. You must

to hear. She had repeated this not see me again."Beneath her TiHE man grasped her

argument to herself over and over breath she added, "If I am to be hand eagerly. "Nell, your words

again through many lonely, sleeptrue to my resolutions, I must and manner convince me that your less nights when grief, disappointnot see you."love will grow if it is not bolted

ment and shame had come with "Nell, don't banish me. I was down. Unshackle yourself and

overpowering force, and occasioncarried away by the thrill which follow the impulses of your ally had been soothed to slumber that exquisite kiss upon your hand heart."

by the seductive thought that she gave me. If you'll forgive me "Why, Dick, you are nothing

took the matter too seriously. this time. I'll promise not to ofbut a big, foolish boy. Where

Never once since her arrival in the fend again. But aren't you bewould such doctrine lead? FolIslands, now more than a year ago. ginning to love me just a little?"lowing one's impulses in a case

had a steamer left for the States "I am beginning to love you a of this kind is the very thing that that an almost irresistible temptagreat deal, but it is the same childone must not do. You know that

tion did not come to quit the ish love that existed for little Dick as well as I."

discouraging fight and sail with it. twenty years ago. Because of that "I don't mean everybody, but

Now, as she sat looking into the love I want to spare you sorrow. your case is an exceptional one."

appealing face of the stalwart For me, marriage is impossible. "In detail, yes; but that makes

young officer, a confirmation came Some day, of course, you'll marry it all the more necessary for me to her of the fear she had kept and it must be to a girl who can to keep myself shackled. And,

secret even from herself that his meet your friends and look them besides, Dick, you forget Nate.

presence in this vicinity had robbed proudly in the face, which I could I have always told you that if I such a temptation of some of its never do. If I ever did, it would were free to marry he is my first

severity. be brazenly after pride and conchoice."

She was losing her grip. Lonescience had been forgotten. We

liness supplemented by propinare both too honest to live a hypo- 1 HE young officer strode quity, which (General Howcroft critical lie."up and down the porch.

her said the cause ofhad was allove childish is the you could "But "Nate The girl a—."terriblefather's mistake, havwas you'll will ready only have guess grow if were only on what words

ing like effect upon the daughter, cultivate it a little, just as surely his tongue, but after gulping a just as it was operating, too, upon as you have developed from babytime or two he finally swallowed her dearest friends at home. hood to maturity."them. "Your admirer is a strange

"I must not permit any such character. A man who can sit

As he had said, Hawdownthumbs andwhilecoollya treasuretwiddlelike youhis ley was a fighting man. His trainslips away from him deserves to Wanderlusting a given been view with had Nell, her. lose me, I'll be—excuse fitting detectof to the weak him I'll if in swear your I'll be damned billows the sea, of FOAMING position.spots in another's And, spirit, call to like to, I'd presence, but as me; Call my much

apparently, he was shrewd enough Whispering waves of deepest blue; if you had been promised to me

to discover in the girl the faintest Coral isles of emerald hue. and had confessed your love, all

trace of wavering. took her He sailed the seven ever that ships heart grips and feet, the Wanderlustunresisting impulsively hand and seas street. taken you could have not city I walk the As

carried it to his lips, the first time Had I wings I'd fly away, away alone. I'd have come along

he had ever touched it except in Like the seagull white and grey. if I'd had to work my way as a

manner. formalthe most The

caress thrilled both, and them as Fiji,SailingI'do'ercomethe backmightyto thee.sea, stoker.actions asI can'tgivinginterpretany evidenceEverett'sof

she rose from her chair, emboldIn Hawaii rest awhile, devotion, and it wouldn't surprise ened by her passivity, he clasped Then I'd sail a thousandmile. me if he's married to someone else

in hisher arms. Overpowered by this time."where. not Java, and I know repressed craving the long tooby

take Wanderlust would me there. affection, there shefor remained sea, islands of the ye Oh,

a moment and then suddenly broke Do you not remember me? JOME of the resentfrom him. ment in the girl's heart by the first

call they your though speech sons; part of Dick's impetuous doPagan Dick! are you "Oh, What there veins runs Something in my the last words. was subdued permitting? bying? Your am I What thee, cherish and me love Makes

love for me now is genuine and Fairest isles of south'rn sea. Still she came to the defense ofsweet, but it has no real founda-—Terrance Sylvester Glenamaddy the absent one.

tion and would wane the first time "You are not at all fair to Nate.

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 141

After days of coaxing, and indeed lain there, and I'll promise to make I could see you occasionally, it of threatening, he started north you happy."would make me so happy."

just before I started west. Then "Dick, please do not speak of

he rushed clear across the contisuch happiness to me; it can never,

nent and beat me aboard the boat. never be. Listen to me. I have IN their many converFinally I was compelled to insist dreamed of it, of having a home sations Nell had learned a good

that I should cable Father to come and -a husband, and, may I say deal about the impetuous young to my assistance unless he would it plainly to you? of having my officer's history and character. He

let me sail alone."own babies cuddled to my breast. had knocked about a good deal

"Do you receive letters from More than once I have almost come as a boy, receiving only such eduhim?"to the determination to abandon cation as his father and mother had

"I haven't for several months."this life and consider only my been able to impart under most

"Of course your parents let you personal feelings. I have [tried unfavorable conditions. Naturalknow what he is doing."to bring myself to believe that ly he did. not love study, but had

"They don't often mention my father's views are extreme. Do conceived such a desire to enter

him."you know what has done more the navy and was so determined

a place there disthat win his all else restrain It is to to me? "But when they do?"than taste for in confinement the school innocent baby, of the thought an

"He is doing well in his proupon which I had lavished all a room was overcome and fair sucfession."mother's love, growing up to pass cess as a student had been achieved.

"And making love to someone through the torments which are From his toes up he was a fighter.

else, I haven't a doubt."now a part of my existence. I As a boy and later at Annapolis

"Dick, I told you before you struggle constantly to keep from he was always the ally of the unare prejudiced against Nate. Father hating my mother, though she gave derdog, provided the underdog was

and Mother have both urged him her life for me."doing his level best. She surto go out with other girls, and if "But I tell you that your anmised that his enemies might cut

he does take a step in that direccestry can easily be forgotten."him to bits without having the

tion it will be with the approval "And I tell you, Dick, the satisfaction of hearing a groan but of all who have any right to be knowledge that I had not conthat an act of unusual devotion concerned."There was a tartness tributed my share to the purity of or of heroism would bring tears

in her tone which the young felblood of my child would increase to his eyes; and woe to the man

low had never heard before. "Rethe present torture. And sooner who, in the spirit of ridicule,

member that we are not likely to or later it would learn the truth dared call attention to such tears.

agree in our opinion of Nate."just as I have. The thing to forIt was apparent that the strugget is your love for me. I don't gle she was making and which

ask you to forget me; I am too he considered so heroic affected

\JF course I'm jealous, weak for that. I did ask Nate him deeply. And it was also clear

Nell, but don't be angry with me. to, but then I was much younger, that his early association with

Mr. Everett may be all right; he if not in years, at least in experimixed races had much to do with

must be, or you wouldn't think ence. My life must be lived alone, his view of this situation. There

so much of him. Certainly he but if you could subdue your love was not enough colored blood in

is if he's style, not and to veins be worth a moment's not my if it could it—or elsealready sparking someone consideration; his to she was mind years twenty took takeago—sothe formthatit her

is be. will certain as he white, pretty soon her before mother was

So won't you cultivate, just a her.

little, the childish love you confess Dawn of the Year "To have my love take another forto and watch having me reform, Nell,"in he said gently gone, year is the of twilight it r'HE can't spend your lifegrow? You to ply her last statement, "is percroon- is the hiemal Hushed

here alone. Think of the years ing song haps impossible, but I can promise

the lulled to sleep weary That loneliness, of your solitude,of it to rusnot so as conspicuous make set leaf; natives associates the whoseonly it to please If offend you. would cloaked frail that the mist Gone differare so and trainingcustoms better, talk I can you of something sheaf. the teeming

ent from yours."besides love."Now comes the golden lucid hour—

"Oh Dick, I do think of them. That moment when the soul takesSometimes for days and nights I flight—

can think of nothing else, until Freed from the shackles that impede TiHE girl was eager to its sight; turn the conversation into another a frightthis situation has become griefs the When passing year has channel and if you replied, "Oh, are toful nightmare me. There are shorn known,

times when I really fear it will Of all the masks they mockingly only would! I want to hear somedrive me mad."have worn. thing more of your adventures."

But hearts in this brave hour for- "Will you go for another sleigh give ride on the bay?"

in your 1 HE man put his arm Old Wrongs.may live Though pensive dusk "I suppose you meangently about her. "Come away And 'brood in memory's hall,-—cutter. Of course I will if you

from it all, my girl. Go with 'tis for the dawn promise me a story as dramaticme tomorrow to Pago Pago; Mrs. To dream anew,—forget—and caras the one you told on our last

Evans has urged me to bring you. ry -Albertaon! Huish Christensen. ride."We can be married by the chap- (To be continued)

..

The Essentials of Public Speaking,

"I will get ready, and then By there is clearly indicated the perhaps my opportunity will control that anyone may gain come,"—Lincoln. ANTHONY F. BLANKS, Ph.D. overhis fellows.himself, hisIt thoughtsis distinctlyand

Associate Professor of understood that the initial ability to express Public Speaking ability lies within every norTHEone's knowledge and mal man and woman; all the

feelings is no longer University of California rest depends upon the amount considered the prerogative of I. of individual effort, study and

the professionally trained inpractice expended in the masdividual, but is looked upon as a The story is told of how Sir tery of details. i

valuable asset within the reach of Isaac Newton and his favorite dog every ambitious man and woman "Diamond,"were playing togethOutline of fhe Discussion of the in business, social or church life. er in the garden at Woolsthrope on Essentials of Public Speaking

Furthermore, it is definitely recogthe morning that the historic apple nized that speaking ability is a fell. "Diamond"merely jumped I The Speaker.

his for of the conaverage heritage way, hu out main of thenormal preparation through A. General

life its falling to cern possession in dodge was and thatman being of in- a background acquiring to eatlies are objects, get of all the reach enough and within who fight formation by fleas. satisprac- Pleasurewilling to study its laws and and flies and of individual or 1. Survey

price all itstice entered precepts. that into faction only were The original thoughts and ideas

is effort. consciousness. his individual horizondemanded The a subject. upon

lift reveals utterance his not did what beyond man's of world A reading. 2. General

is. is It Sir measure the things. materialhe outward But when Specific reading. 3.

fall, Isaac attainment. horiapple hisof the the inward The saw experience. 4. and Observation

lies in lifted culture far his hissurest of of consciousness proof zon of evaluation 5. Selection and oralability to himselfhis material the express in world beyond Convictions. material.

precision power.ly live, along with he, too, must which and He material to of

effectively alone 6. Adaptation rightly combut which and with "Diamond,"who situations. specific speech

mands spoken words commands could not satisfy his nature. He 7. Preserving valuable matemen and events. This has been must extend his speculations berial,

through preparation B. General is less cause. search the exciting out no true now totruehistory—andin every period of the world's yond the mere falling of an apple, a vocabulary by building a are Demosthenes, everywhere of andthan in the day women Men

a Cicero or a Webster. graded from "Diamond"and his 1. Reading aloud (including

"Vocalism, measure, concentraworld up to Sir Isaac Newton and one's own compositions) tion, determination and the divine his world. The place that we oc- 2. Conversation.

power to speak words; cupy in this gradation depends on 3. Systematic word study in:

Are you full lunged and limberour knowledge, the knowing what x. Use of dictionaries et

lipp'd from long trial? from vigto do; upon our wisdom, the cetera.

orous practice? from physique? knowing how and when to do; y. Use of current magazines et cetera. virtue, the ability you upon our move Do m these broad and

z. Practice in oral and as to do.lands as they? broad and courage

Come duly to the divine power Dr. Harry G. Benedict, Presiwritten composition.

to speak words? for only at last dent of the University of Texas, C. General preparation through

.. learning to understand human recentlyafter years.. warned many his students,-—

nature. faith, after clarcomplete After '... do not go through life proud

ifyings, elevations, and removing of the fact that you are ignorant of 1. Sincere convictions.

obstructions, Algebra or your inability to ex- 2. Selfconfidence.

After these and more it is just press yourself intelligently. Re- 3. Selfcontrol.

possible there comes to a man, a member a pig is your superior in 4. Friendliness; magnetism;

woman, the divine power to speak ignorance."The warning is needpower.

words; ed, for the mediocre majority ev- D. General preparation through

Surely whoever speaks to me in erywhere protects its egotism by systematic methods in;

the right voice, him or her I shall popularizing contempt for the in- 1. Informal conversation. Atfollow as the water follows the telligently ambitious minority. tentive listening.

moon, silently, with fluid steps Our discussion of speech has in 2. Deliberate arrangement of

anywhere around the globe. mind the above educational philoconversational material.

All waits for the right voices, sophy, as is plainly shown in the 3. Formal discussion (enlargWhere is the practic'd and perfollowing outline which cites the ed conversation)

fect organ? Where is the develvarious factors involved in intel- 4. Constructive criticism of

op'd soul?"ligent public speaking. In the decontent, style and delivery.

—Walt Whitman. tailed discussion of these factors 5. Unremitting practice.

.

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 143

II The Speech. C. How to impress and persuade upon some plan of treatment that

the audience. will discussion give the eventual

to a subject. chooseA. How devices. 1. Special Factors personality. the flavor of of our own subject pracbe should 1 The interestingness enterto sources other of inturn and Then

tical, original attracand tainment. these sources Basically formation.

tive to the speaker to and as as deep should be and broad his audience. I Speaker. The backenormous possible—that 2. subject be should The general.which reading of ground preparation General A. through to the adapted to occasion;

its reflected evlight throws upon acquiring in- a of background the audience; perto the

face. ery particular situation we formation by: sonality of speaker. the

instance, once a chosen having For 1. individual of Survey or x. Physically,

it is topic, speech not to enough original ideas thoughts and y. Mentally.

article read magazine or a random subject. a upon z. Morally.

edi- a disjointed newspaper few differentiates That which man 3. speech center should The torials, to begin immediately and is beast the to think. from power single, a clearly dearound

talk. a superficial Such and imIt folergo "Cogito sum."must irfined theme and move subject, of the mature knowledge then, that rational low, every huresistibly a well toward will invariably a shallow, produce a being has of thought. fund man objective. marked Avoid superficial discusand immature is to this duty examine Your defining ambiguity by

it is sion. If think too you much its test background, thought founterms.

to sufficient a such backdemand it, it dations, evaluate inventory gather arrange to and ma-B. How for speech, the ground reply your in the ideas, for world's market terial.

is that speak what not you can its its increase value, enlarge and filing 1, devices. of Use

rise its source. plain above In scope. yourself various Post on 2. Bibliographies. not honesty to do attempt speak talk subjects people about which a construct to speech. TheC. How matters about are on which you i. e. topics the of day, economic, outimportance of an adequate indolent too yourself. to inform social, relipolitical, literary and line. brevity. Reasonable

general broad This background gious problems. audit Constantly 1. Introduction. The reinforced always be speby I can your thus: thought fund "Do Discussion. 2. Main The cific reading study parin the and definite anything about Huknow 3. Conclusion. The ticular field discussion. under Lothe present Tariff manism, Law, to master and deliver theD. How cate consult the and outstanding the of Policy Foreign Governour speech.

1. Assimilate the subject matment, etc?"authorities, the latest contribution

to subject, that thought on and 2. General Reading. ter by: the particular offer magazines that 3. Specific Reading. x. entirely, Memory the data. accurate spemost This the it In very of things, nature brief, y. Memorized

cific reading will point up your likely not that us will of most z. or partial is Complete general as information serve a and the in beginning authorihave an manuscript.

2. Extemporaneous delivery. tative understanding of any sericheck on your random original

3. Importance of standing poous subject upon which we may thinking on the special topic. sition, poise, gesture, voice, wish to speak. But if our speech Work along this line—First think

enunciation, articulation, is to have the stamp of originality yourself empty; then read yourpronunciation. upon it, the first step must be to self full; next write yourself acand so fortify yourself to that curately on mind our own types of speeches. examine popularE. Some speak authoritatively. subject, establish, as far as possicourtesy. 1. Speeches of

a. Announcements, reports ble, our convictions, and to hit 4. Observation and Experience.

et cetera. b. Introduction; Welcome. In citing the value of reading as a means towards acquiring a speech c. Presentation.

the background, value observaof d. Acceptance.

itself considers fortution Era experience and be must not speeches. 2. Afterdinner T HEin its to nate to able present being overlooked. speakers, and Many speeches. 3. Commemorative readers of Blank's Dr. author an certainly of the most many powtraining. experience takAfter a. and Anniversary.

b. Dedicatory. ing his degree from Vanderbilt Unierful speakers, develop through the

;he versity years in level a the where majored of general high educa-

c. Inaugural. classics, did French he and Qerman, tion by keen observation and wide d. Eulogies. teaching work, meanexperiences, afford which while, in institutions. various 4. He human Definitely motivated advanced a them valuable most foundation research has done in Europe work speeches.

in the has UniImperial taught and to upon build their which public a. speeches. Topical versity Dr. of Blanks Tokyo. is speaking. For example, Henry b. speeches. Pulpit the publications, of author many Beecher asked, Ward when "How others: for c. "Backgrounds among speeches. Campaign

it long did take to prepare you Writing Speaking;"and "The d. lectures. Expository

Teaching of Dramatics in the Dethe sermon you preached this partment of Public Speaking;"morning?"replied, "Just fifty

Ill The Audience. Speaking.""Common SenseIn additionLessons inhe Publichas a years."It was a significant reply

number of things in preparation for involving the various elements

A. The character of the audience. publication which are now being mentioned in these paragraphs.

B. How to gain and hold the atgiven as university lectures. No one denies that speaking is a

tention of the audience. most human thing. It demands a

144 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

sympathetic understanding of life. sentation of this cause. Indeed, vincing passage in a book to which

It takes a great deal of living to it is so allpowerful that often it you may not always have easy acmake even a little successful, movbrings success in spite of many cess, make a note of the title, the ing, thrilling speaking. It is only glaring defects in mere technic. author, the volume, the page. File

direct experiaverage thebecause are so one personences of any lim- 7. Preservingrial. valuable matethisreadyintoitsserveplace,youwherein theit hourwill beof

ited that we are compelled to reinneed.

force our lack by the vicarious exThinking, observation, experiperiences of others, which we must ence, convictions and reading—all Summary

draw largely from written records. centering about a single definite

5. Selection and evaluation of theme, will invariably afford the These seven steps in acquiring a

material. Convictions. speaker a wealth of speech matebackground of information by

6. Adaptation of material to rial. But, at once, enters the difway of the speaker's general prepspecific speech situation. ficulty of arranging and preserving aration have been given to enable

Having acquired a satisfactory this matter for ready use. Of you to make a mental inventory of

working fund of definite material, course, its winnowing upon the yourself, and to throw some light you must train yourself to select general principles discussed under upon the road that you will folof your powers low in perfecting of "selection, the above headings for the appropriate is mostwhat evaluation is not road and adaptation of macommunication. The will accomplishmoment, what

your purpose most quickly, what terial"will be of genuine assisteasy, you must pull not only your is in harmony with the occasion ance and eventually point to the own weight but a large part of audience. that of best your out of the However complexity. way audience. the may notand You

steep the grade as the speaker it is not gazes But almost may be, so to tell all time you know,have inaccessible. speak powerfulthe of facts, mass "To upon will hopelessly select that part thatyou must

is ly conditioned illustrations, capacity the conflicting upon opinions, forcefully winsomely andmost clearly to to think speculations and understand expositions that and present. for the causepresent your

In this process of selection keep his enthusiastic labor has produced, clearly. People who think and unclearly is derstand to either likely are not likely to be he embarrassed audience; the bias of yourin mind

of false into quagmires walk off the variety of these by wealth and before stereotypes youthe mental the collateral circumstances; the data or bewildered by the confucults and creeds, or pseudoscience

pseudoarts the take and sion. and name you of which program, maywhole

in vain. truth clear of thinkThe it to retain Either all in mind speakother a part what onlybe er his maintains equilibrium while its utilize it until to in or needed, re- a or topic theers say on; may sifting the eterthe ephemeral from is scattered condition obviously an disat time your one; thelated

; learns nal to he distinguish truths impossibility. Fix some upon all circumstanthe in shortposal;

halftruths; from the that to know classifications under which to general addition In the occasion.ces of

is truth place; not hidden in one covers the file matter that you can selection and factors, yourthese

it all indeed, that at is not hidden historical philosophical or broad be material mustevaluation of is that truth the obvious, the not factsubject; of your background personal yourconditioned upon

convictions in the matter. ual material; illustrations; quotaoccult. Clear thinking clarifies our

Surely the most dynamic eletions, et cetera. From these genvision so that we may perceive

ment in speech is the speaker's coneral classifications you can draw truth."

victions. Unless you yourself are particular data that bears directly To study public speaking in this

first sincerely converted to the on any specific theme. In drawing manner is an invitation to take an

course of action which you advoup particular headings under genexhilarating mental journey where is full of thrills, and thecate, unless you believe in its imeral classifications always ask yourthe wayportance, unless you have devoted self—"Now, just exactly what am goal a sense of personal power that

your most intense reflection to it, I trying to do in this speech, and can not be excelled in any other unless you are willing to fight will these particular data best addirection.

for it, sacrifice for it, unless vance that purpose?"

you are faithful and devoted Adopt that style of note taking I The Speaker.

to its doctrines, then you have no and filing that best suits your cir- B. General preparation through

Tight to ask acceptance and supcumstances. Unless you do adopt building a vocabulary by:

port from others. And unless you some system the results of your re- 1. Reading aloud (including

search will chaotic soon so or become a plain hypocrite mumare just one's own compositions) flee its will the advothat you bring to from cannot youmer litter 2. Conversation.

cacy any enthusiasm, force or conin despair. If, today, you read a 3. Systematic wordstudy.

editorial, logical inher- a fair there If is any summaryvincingness. of x. etc. dictionaries, of Use

official investigation, to a striking cause, an in your ent dishonesty y. of Use current maga-

a reference, illus- a party, episode dramatic wilfully you arewhich etc. zines,

trative false of a exthan are a common human more no then you z. Practice in oral and

perience, that glib material copy your matter down how written composition.prophet—no

file card it in on a note and personal your moyourtongue. Watch various suggestions as The to

tives in delivering a speech. Be index under the appropriate generhonest with yourself and fair al heading of some worth while 1Mcthods of documenting speech mawith your audience. speech topic that is agitating your terial upon cards is discussed satisfactorily

in O'Neill, Scales, Laycock and "ArguIf, today, mind. read you devotion a sincere some our mind To mentation Debate,"and Fos- p. 70. In article in is stimulating a magazine, of paraespoused cause the to ter's "Argumentation and Debate,"p.

mount importance in a public preor an unusually brilliant or conIn Winan's "Public Speaking,"p. 378.78.

.

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 145

the acquiring of a general back- 1. Spelling. So remunerative is this process

ground for speaking have been 2. Pronunciation. Where several of wordstudy that we are tempttreated at considerable length bepronunciations are allowable, ed to add a further outline:

cause of their very great relative select the one most used in your 1 The History of the English importance in this entire scheme community. Never be needLanguage.

for setting Essentials the of forth as discussion lessly conspicuous. of language Follow the a. APublic Speaking. following The preference in disputed instrument of thought an fit American realpoints, of while moment, expression. pronunciations. andmore quickly into the proposed

framework. 3. Derivation. This is especially b. The IndoEuropean family

For the speaker there are only fruitful in building up groups of languages.

three channels of communication, of words from the same root c. The stages of growth of the

his vocabulary, his voice (intonaform. English language.

tions), and his gestures (panto- 4. Life history of the word. This d. Tendencies that mark Enmime). Of these three, vocabulary often adds a dash of romance. glish today.

e. Some interesting etymoloshould be the most highly intel- 5. Variety of meanings—scientiflectual. Your exact thought can ic, philosophical, theological, gies—folk etymologies.

be conveyed to others only in so etc. 2. The Elements of the English

far as you have precise words at 6. Synonyms. Vocabulary.

your command. This is not a 7. Antonyms. a. Derivatives from Greek,

forplea for words, bombastic but 8. Homonyms. Latin, and Hebrew. clearcutthat diction with which

the speaker may express the finest 9. Correct use in several different b. Derivatives from French.

shades of meaning or the subtlest sentences. c. Derivatives from other lanchanges of emotion. 10. Place this study form over guages.

If you find yourself stumbling your desk and deliberately em- d. The native stock—the coinalong, groping for a word to exploy these additional resources ing of words.

press your meaning, if "you know in your work. e. Greek and Latin prefixes and

what you want to say but just A score of new words may be suffixes.

can't get the right word,"then you added to your vocabulary by even f. Native prefixes and suffixes.

admit a weakness which you have one such adventure. For example, 3. The Study of Words.

the power to remedy. This is not you may be overusing the word a. Synonyms and Antonyms.

necessarily a weakness in your "unfriendliness'in your speech b. Homonyms.

writing, reading, or hearing vomerely because you could not think c. Denotation and connotacabulary but primarily in your of any adequate variation. You tion.

to road vocabulary.speaking The ranged might have through: anti- d. Accentuation and pronuncilies before openselfimprovement dislike, pathy, malevolence, exasation.

you. peration, animosity, hatred, vexa- e. Spelling.

Begin with the thoughtful, tion, grudge, illwill, malice, spite, 4. Structure of Language. The aloud, reading not"wideawake"aversion, malignity, resentment,

a. logic. and Grammar current pubof standardonly and impatience, repugantagonism,

b. as a Language mechanism.lications, of but compoyour own nance, bitterirritation, rancor,

c. units. larger The effort in necessarysitions. The ness, acrimoniousness, indignacorrectly sounding a word reintion. d. Rhythm.

forces its full meaning and content. e. Types of English; colloquial

as idea one should always And literary English, English, relatively strange a passNever its suggest opposite, your mental scientific English, slang, the without improvingword by vision these rested have would on dialects. Afteracquaintance. understandantonyms: affection, attachment, f. The correction of impropering a word, incorporate it into

your working vocabulary, test it goodwill, liking, consideration, forms.

under living conditions, use it to friendliness, esteem, amity, comity, dicregard,color, enrich your fondness, love, devotion, Summary and own favor. 3

tion, until can it with you employ complete assurance. Additional Depend upon it, your ideas can

2Flaherty, to C. M. Use rise the never audibly "How higher than your likewise be constantlywords may Dictionary,"Y. Press Co., N. Ronald vocabulary. Dr. Samuel Johnson the speech of others fromdrawn dictionaries 1923. Evaluates handand told Sir Joshua that he Reynolds critic's a standpoint. from in books skill Strong, proficiency andwho show

it early a fixed had rule "to made of A. the Dictionary,"John Use "Thelanguage.

Co., exer1930. his best Book Am. occasion every Numerous do on and profitable than even more But cises based lanorigin of on Webster; in every to impart whatcompany systhe is to a follow plan above guages; speech; organs of derivation of ever in he the forcible most knew etc., etc. words, Ethel G. "Junior Ward,tematic of wordstudy. program

Supply yourself with adequate dicand Senior High School Speller,"Am. language he could put it in."The

result Co., investigations that 2 1930. his Recent Book notions was "rose write tionaries. read and you As in the associstudy of orthography; the like the teeth up dragon's sowed the that, for those wordsmark ation ideas of the should learning govern clothed Cadmus, by all ready and lie lists; ordispelling; diof your without Thorndike'smoment, word

too, in bright armor, fit for imdifficulties. special agnosis of pupil's Anvocabulary, but nary working

battle."mediate derson, J. English of Study M. "A influenand be a welcome would

Co., Words,"1929. WeekBook Am.

tial addition; of study make this ly, Ernest. of 3AUen, Words,"Romance "The F. S. "Synonyms and Aneach word: E. P. Dutton. tonyms,"N. Y., Harper 8 Bros., 1921.

S

Varsity Squad B. Y. U. Blue Cougars

Front Row, left to right: Leo Probert, Wayne Simper, Floyd Walser, O. Coombs, Earl Hone, Fred Horlacher, Harold

Wilson, T. Hettig, C. Yorgenson, Willis Candland, Fenton Prince, Weldon Mathews.

Middle Row, left to right: C. J. Hart, manager. Bliss Hoover, Clarence Vacher, Burle Robison, Ronald Dyches, Marvin

Skousen, F. Clement Prince, Eldon Brinley, Melvin Griffith, Ray Merrill, Lloyd Shields, Ernest Shober, Weldon

Monson, line coach.

Back Row, left to right: G. Ottinger Romney, coach, Floyd Biddulph, Clifford Toone, Stephen Murdock, Keith Wangsgaard, Antone Clark, Lewis Johnson, George Cooper, Elmer Dastrup, captain, Paul Haymond, Paul Thorn,

Russell Magleby, Mark Ballif, and Armon Eggertson.

Playing the Great Collegiate Game Football were in a huddle in the By we look in the conference, the sechistoric old gymnasium ond.

HARRISON R. MERRILL "We have a better line thanWEoffice at Brigham Young

University just before school B. Y. U. Brigham Young has ever had since

opened in September. Coach G. I have seen the Cougars play, and

Ott Romney was lounging easily Tarantula Skousen and Big Horse a backfield that would grace any in his swivel chair, Manager Chic and Little Horse Prince, two boys ball club in the country. I figure

Hart was dangling his legs from a from Idaho, and Lizard Shields. we are going to be twentyfive or

table, and Fred "Buck"Dixon was "And how do we look here thirty per cent stronger than we leaning against the doorframe. in Utah?"someone asked, for, of were last year. Now whatever

"How do they look?"I asked. course, how we look in Utah is that means we'll have to wait and

see. to have Ike is going a poweroff in one G. Ott rattled Coach always the first question—how ful outfit, although I think we hisof those kingfisher laughs of

that will come out when he is ought to take the Aggies—that's

pleased over -something or feels private of course—they will not

C. V.JOACH OTT ROMNEY'said. be crafty general so hot,"the itsa wisecrack making way down Qualifications Twelve 0/ a fit\st we'll medicine "However, make his brain orfrom up from his class player: Football

before that Utah game, and if theheart—wherever wisecracks come 1. Athletic instinct.or game

from. sense gods are friendly, we have an out-

"Like a P. T. Barnum menag- 2. Rapid reaction. side chance to win."

3. Athletic is memory.erie,"replied. he "There is that history All of now,

4. great with Wiry the handing MaglebyMonkey were powerful. Utes The reservoir resu It of of course. physiqueenergy—theball Shober, to Elephant and Sim- a did Ike football have bangup clean consistently living conand

ba Thorn and Blissful Hoover scientious observance of training club, probably the best the Unithe performance.watching But rules. versity ever has and had of Utah

5. grade coordination. Highlittle there is out Vacher Mousie the best entire of in one the coun- 6. control Strong nervous

lion to help theready whenever try. yet, the mediCougar 7. And responsibility. Sense of

gets in trouble."8. Self -confidence. cine almost worked. Those flash-

9. Imagination. ing Cougar backs almost equaled

Fighting heart.

line, esoriginated the thus great Ike's the of power com10.11. courage. Moral

circus firstANDplete in parade pecially half that G. Ottinger of the 12. the game. Love of

of backfield men. He later added contest.

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 147

one from defeated by been key games the three were have in Salt 'T'HOSE played was gameT"'HE margin. The other * for the to three touchdowns Cougars. The City Lake on a perfect autumn

day. The field was dry; the games were hard, but they were game with the College of Idaho

grass was in first class condition; not so important, in a way, yet was the last straw. The men,

everything was right for the battle. practically every game played away excited over the Hawaiian trip,

The Cougars were right also. They from home was a key game or a nervous over getting registered for

believed that the time had come. homecoming for the opponents the winter quarter before leaving

of the Cougars. Yet the Cougars and troubled by approaching ex-

a touchdown made Utah shape in any were not almost lost to the aminations only one game—that the before got well started. game team a little to play as tough University only and tied of Utah,

Then it was that Coach Romney's one in the conference. Those the Idaho Coyotes. as

idea of his team was vindicated. brilliant Romney backs scored in Regardless of the schedule and

The Cougars came back and after every contest in which they parall other difficulties 1930 will go playing brilliant ball evened the ticipated and turned in some heavy down in "Y"history as the most score and carried the battle to the scores upon some occasions. successful football year up to that

half. close until the the of Utes in third finished date. team The closed the season Cougars The technical the decision of veryA belast contest the until place and a football in of with game Honocritical at a judges probmoment of Colorado University the tween lulu played the University with saved scored ably being from Utah tied University was Denver and teams, of Hawaii. according The again. say can one upon now No of the University for with second to the evenly were dope matched. tally that added what have might lost one C. game Colorado. U. they football out the came How meant. the just tied as Cougars one and will this fan reads he when know

did, of having account but on after the Utes back came The article.

half and played a great game, but played one more conference game still the Cougars held determined- "We have an impossible schedthan the Cougars stand a little ly. The score stood 21 to 7 and ule,"Coach Romney announced higher in the percentage column.

might have remained there had at the beginning of the season.

not the Cougars felt that prob- "Circumstances forced us into the DEOPLE who think that football ably their medicine would yet situation and we must get out the is for the few, not the many, work. In a desperate effort to even best way we can. With eleven should know that more than 100

that score in the closing moments games facing us in a little more men were in suits most of the fall of play, the flying backs took to than two months we cannot hope and that on two different days the air with the result that two to key for more than half of them. nearly 100 men participated in acpasses were intercepted and two That means that we may drop tual games. The senior varsity,

touchdowns were added by the games that we ought to win the junior varsity, and the freshUtes almost in less time than it easily."men all had games on the same

takes to tell it. The game ended Saturdays twice during the season.

with the score 34 to 7 in favor THHE team did not drop any of Coach Romney believes firmly of Utah. But even that score is the games, but did allow sevin the youth of the Latterday

the best turned in by any coneral teams to tie the score. OrSaints. He declares that clean livference team against the Indians. dinarily, most of those teams could ing, serious endeavor, dedication

to a cause are all second nature to "Mormon"boys, and he believes

A GAIN Chief Romney and his that athletic supremacy will folCougars made medicine for low.

at the roster of the the Utah State Aggie game. Vic- A glance

tors over the Aggies last year by main squad will convince any one a lone point, the Cougars felt they that the geographical distribution is could increase the margin this year. of the men on the "Y"squad

almost as wide as the Church.

The game was played in Ogden brilliant another autumn on footfor good were strictly Cougars "on"The all three the of day. p ROSPECTSball teams in

as the fans say, and revealed some Utah schools look good. Alclicking heels to the Aggies, makthough the Utes will lose a numing the score 39 to 14, after a ber of men of allconference calbattle that for sheer scintillating ibre, there will be plenty on the

brilliancy many of the fans pro- "Hilltop"to take their places.

nounced supreme. The Utah Aggies will lose a few,

The Cougars made medicine for but Coach Dick Romney also has the third and last time just before some fine second string men and the Montana State Bobcat game some aces among his frosh.

which was played in Provo on Coach G. Ott Romney will lose

November 15. For the second a dozen or more of his key men,

time the medicine worked and the but with characteristic optimism

Cougars emerged victorious. The he declares the Cougars will be

score stood at 19 to 13 at the end better than ever next year especof the contest. Coach G. Ott Romney [Continued on page 184]

absurd as to believe that the crops and trees on the other side of the earth hang downward, and that This Has Been a men have their feet higher thanWhy their heads?"In answer to the

same question, St. Augustine, the

dean of the early Fathers, declared,Century of Progress "It is impossible that there should be inhabitants on the other side

By E. CECIL McGAVIN of the earth, since no such race is

recorded by Scripture among the descendants of Adam."His most

remarkable progress of said, "It is finished,"a dense cloud unanswerable argument on theTHEthe past century is a result of darkness settled upon the insubject was this: "In the day of

of the spirit of the Lord tellectual horizon of the world; judgment, men on the other side

that has been poured out upon men fell into a lethargic condition; of the globe could not see the Lord

the world in connection with the the spirit of learning was withdescending through the air."

establishment of the Dispensation drawn from the earth, and the of the Fulness of Times. progress of the preChristian cen-j TN the sixth century A. D. InFrom man's begininng upon this turies ceased. The ability to read! dicopieustes wrote a book enearth there has always been a and write was possessed by only titled "Christian Topography,"in

flood of intellectual light prepara- a few pious monks in the monwhich he affirmed that "according tory to and contemporary with asteries. Kings and emperors signed to the true orthodox system of

the establishment of a dispensaofficial documents with their signet geography, the earth is a quadtion of the Gospel. The Lord ring because they were unable to rangular plane, extending 400

taught Adam and his children how sign their name. The scientific spirit days journey east and west, and

to read and [write, and records of research was not to be found; exactly half as much north and

were kept by these early people. new ideas were unwelcome, and south; that it is enclosed with

In the days of Abraham this superstition took the place of Somountains upon which the sky same spirit of intellectual progress cratic philosophy. People who rests; that the ones on the north

was poured out upon the earth. questioned the customs of those side, higher than the others, by

The famous legal code of HamDark Ages were considered as hereintercepting the rays of the sun, murabi is an example of the unitics for whom a warm reception produce night; and that the plane

versal enlightenment at that early awaited at the stake. In short, of the earth is not exactly horitime. the spirit of God had been parzontal, but with a little inclinatially withdrawn from humanity tion from the north; hence the

'T'HE last century has not eclipsed and they were left to kick against Euphrates, Tigris and other rivers the intellectual glory of the the pricks of their own weakness. running southward are rapid; but

preChristian era when great proThis deep sleep of ages was the Nile, having to run uphill, gress was made in all branches not disturbed until the Reformahas necessarily a slow current."

of learning. During four Cention. The last hour before dawn The Venerable Bede, writing in

turies before the birth of Christ a is the darkest of the night. The the early part of the 8th century,

period of progress was known effulgent rays of the Reformation announced that "the creation was which was not equalled until very required centuries before the dense accomplished in six days, and that modern times. Such character as clouds of superstition and ignorthe earth is its center and its priSophocles, Euripides, Socrates, Arance could be dispelled by the mary object. The heaven is of a

istotle, Archimedes and scores of glory of the Fulness of Times. fiery and subtle nature, round and

other geniuses were developing the sciences of medicine, physics, lit7HILE the world lay enthralled shackles in the etc. erature, of Golden Age The formerly McGAVIN, /. CECIL of E. superstition, unthoughts, men'slearning to at its before height the Imcontributor was a frequent

the birth of Jesus in order that aided by divine inspiration, were provement Era and the author of is principal article, Spanof the this past erudition crude. of The the the minds of be very people might

of the product Seminary. Fork A the ish of in advance ages was farenlightened prepared for the and in Idaho, been born having West,

message of progress that the Savior Medieval mind. Their philosohe received his master's degree at the

would introduce, for he is "the phies were too childish to compare University of Utah and subsequentuniver- the courses at ly taken has philosophies of Aristotle the with lighteth light that that every man Chicago, California of and contemporaries. Let us sities his and into but the world,"cometh when his greatest considers he opWhat

his spirit is withdrawn from man mention some of the philosophies portunities for education, however, an era of darkness follows. of the Dark Ages as an example were the two periods spent in mismission. States in the Eastern other there the crucifixion was AT of this benighted condition. sionary work, one in California, the in seminary been engaged has He In speaking of the globular over all the land""darkness his years. five for During work

for three hours. To be more speform of the earth, Lactantius, school work and white on his miscific, there was darkness over all (260330 A. D.) the most popusions, a careful study was made of

the land for more than a millenlar thinker of his day, said, "Is the Book of Mormon.

nium. When the dying Christ it possible that man can be so

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 149

equidistant in every part, as a some of which were possibly ingoeth out, and cursed when he canopy from the center of the habited; and that the Bible was goeth in; the Lord pardon him

earth. It turns round every day not intended for a textbook of never; the wrath and fury of the

rapidity,with ineffable only this modLord burn man, and upon erated the seven science. Because of these stateof by the resistance all bring the curses upon him

planets; three above the sun ments "inimical to revealed rewhich are written in the Book of

this scienpioneer great of Jupiter,Saturn, the ligion,"the his blot out Law. Lord The Mars—then tific research at the burned was threesun; Merheaven. under name Lord The

stake 16, February Galbelow—Venus* 1600. oncury, the set Moon. for apart destruction * * The heaven him from

is tempered with glacial waters, ileo, who died a half century later all the Tribes of Israel with all lest it should be set on fire."as a prisoner of the Inquisition, the curses of the firmament which

was followed beyond the grave was written in the Book of the

HURING the Dark Ages the by that infernal institution which Law. * * * There shall no man

thinking of the world was of sought to prevent new ideas from speak to him, no man write to this childish nature. Superstition being expressed. His will was him, no man show him any kindwas enthroned on the pedestal of considered invalid, his body was ness, no man stay under the same

learning and was piously wordenied a place in consecrated roof with him, no man come nigh shiped by her many votaries. It ground and his friends were prehim."

was taught that the "shooting vented from erecting a monument This same spirit was present until his honor. piecesstars"Not stone in were of redhot the 19th in the American colonies. When century such was a monument evil spirits at thethrown by angels Hutchinson Anne was expelled

when they come too near to heaverected. At the same time John from her home for teaching her

en. Huss was burned as a martyr to less enlightened friends about the

In 1456 Halley's comet made the scientific spirit, the remains of life of the Master, this anathema its unwelcome appearance in the Wycliffe were exhumed, burned, was pronounced by her minister sky. It was described as "shaking and cast into a stream which soon upon her: "In the name of the

carried sacred ashes to those the disease, pestilencedown and war"Christ, Jesus and Lord the name sea. sacrito Preparatory earth. bells openupon the The church the church, of pronot only I do

of all Europe were rung to scare ficing the loyal Huss to the cause nounce you worthy to be cast out.

free of his hairit thought, was earth. Luther's away from the cast in cut but you out! I do And

the of a cross, a paper and formcontemporaries argued the in that deliver Christ of I do the name with devils painted crown upon achievementReformation was no to Satan you up that you may it was placed on his head. As to a due certain asof his, but was the learn to blaspheme, no and more

trological position of the stars. flames enveloped him, one of the to seduce, and to lie * * * thereHistory records the hyperbole of priests pronounced this benedicfore I command you in the name

a horse, whose master taught him tion: "We devote thy soul to the of Jesus Christ and his church, as

to perform tricks, being tried bedevils in hell."When Joan of a leper to withdraw yourself out

fore the Inquisition at Lisbon in Arc was burned, this inscription of this congregation."

1601, and was found guilty of was written above her head:

being possessed of a devil. The "Joan, who has called herself the

beprogress required years of pernicious deceiver of TThorse was burned at the stake. Maid—liar, spirit could fore the scientific the people, sorceress, superstitious,

the demon Ignorance"XTEW ical.ideasBrunowere taughtconsideredthat heretthere blasphemerdisbeliever ofof theGod,faithpresumptuous,of Christ, function19th centuryunmolested. Far into the

were many earths like our own, boaster, idolatress, dissolute, incast a sinister shadow across the voker of devils, apostate, schispath of progress. By many peomatic, heretic."ple, the new ideas were hostile

railroad "civilization."to Some epitaph after ended the The of the for Book APOLOGY A.N officials permission asked once supply of baneful adjectives is title was of the a book, Mormon"of at LanEducation the of Board E. press, fresh written the exhausted. by from

Cecil McGavin. The title, as the caster, Ohio, to use the school

author states in his introduction, is house and explain to the public nothing short of irony. A few of TN 1666, the following anathema the advantages that would come

the will indicate the chapter was passed headings scholarly upon the railroad having to them by of the nature this work Spinoza: sentence of "By their Afcommunity. into the anextend

The task of the translator. gels, by the decree of the saints, ter lengthy deliberation the school

Why the Book of Mormon has we anathematize, cut off, curse and authorities replied: "You are welexecrate in Baruch Spinoza changed. been to school the house use to ithe come

has the Book of Mormon presence these of sacred How with books in, all questions but debate proper changed. been the precepts 613 are written which telerailroads as and things such the to objections puerile Other therein, the with anathema whereof impossible are rank graphs Mormon. Book nd

Why corrections were necessary with Joshua anathematized Jerico; infidelity. There is nothing in

in Bible. the the cursing with Elisha wherewith If them. the of about word God

is scripture inspired of All God. cursed the children; all with and intelhis that designed had God errors. Typographical the cursings are in written which at travel ligent creatures should within Changes James the King

version. the book of the law: cursed be he the frightful speed of 15 miles

day, cursed and by night; The Christian world awaits a by have per hour he steam would by

revelation. cursed he when Heth down; it his cursed foretold prophholy through

when he riseth up: cursed when he [Continued on page 184]

Y*H: '-'.:';''':-> 'y'/':'-&: mi.h;.. '.'.. -"ii,*'B;ASS*-siSKj::

More bailing. The leak must be widening. The fog

pressed down upon them with evil, claiming fingers.

place ahead of the styles,"he onise them so by coming down growled to Gerald. dressed like that? It would be just

as easy to slip on your old clothes PULL while they're here."She stirred

GERALD flushed slighther breakfast cup uneasily, and

By ly. "I can't very well go to a pushed her toast away without

club tennis tournament it. in tasting

retorted dehe SYBIL SPANDE BOWEN countrydenim overalls,"Gerald's voice was patient; just

liberately, and added further in- a shade too patient-, his mother

Illustrated hy sult to injury, "especially when thought with growing irritation.

Fielding K. Smith I'm playing with Leonora Jones.""It wouldn't do the least good to

"No, you can't,"Bartley rehumor them,"he pointed out.

turned sarcastically, "but there's "They've ragged me since the day just the mystery. How a fellow I entered college instead of taking

just out of college can afford to that job down at the works, and the made ERALD of at tournaments play around they'd what I do no matter now \J the last being onemistake of especially to a morning, just Monday of waste to the switch back come to the breakfast table. He with that expensive Jones crowd, time and money it has been for me

regretted his tardiness the minute will always remain one of life's to go to college, and you come in

Bill, his elder brother, looked up little puzzles, I guess. Come on, for Jyour share for encouraging

from his poached eggs with that Bill, we'll miss the car; someme.

familiar vacuous expression he body in this family has to bring sometimes assumed for the benefit in a little money."The two

into can go brother.of his youngest OU splitin their customary bolted Y office get a Bland's job and car. James missing the escape from in what second he simpered, "Ooo!"

it, Gerald. you any day want

he supposed was a ladylike manwas the last thing Bland promisedIt "isn'tner, he just too sweet. White your father,"Sarah pursued sharpmarsh Sarah Bartley 'n everything!"pants at shrugged helplessly and glanced

sheet, sport in the deepMarsh, tell son. don't think I'd I suppose her you you "And "Why

see occasion to the oflooked up to get because he you're trying take work, a man's them money the outburst. He frowned. Gerald?"she complained. "Goodwas emotionally wrought up into

"It seems strange to me that ness knows it's no pleasure to have making a deathbed promise,"for a man without a job, you still that flareup every day of the Gerald told her virtuously, "and manage to keep your accustomed world. And why do you antagbesides, I'm not relying on 'pull'."

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 151

"Oh, you and your 'pull'. You from choice. Gerald and his eterthis rebuff of her wellmeant ofdon't seem to think there is such nal physical perfection! She fices.

a thing as friendship in the sometimes Wondered if her youngworld."est son had a thought in his

Gerald declined to argue further. head that did not eventually 1 HE telephone buzzed.

Mrs. Marsh, warmed by her tilt, concern the care of his perfect Gerald sprang to answer it. His

decided to eat her toast after all, body. Diet, clothes, exercise, early ready courtesy was one of the

and tossed Gerald his letters. He hours! Why were they of such more pleasing attributes of his perread them as he ate his grapefruit. exaggerated importance with the fection. Perhaps it, too, was worn

Without meaning to spy, Mrs. boy? merely as another adornment to

Marsh watched him anxiously un- "You say Martin Jones doesn't grace his person, Mrs. Marsh reder her lashes as she munched the know you socially,"she said flected, and blushed promtply for

toast. When the boy frowned, abruptly, "and yet you are playing her treason. She knew, in her

her heart sank. tennis with his daughter today. heart, that Gerald was as sincere

"Anything important?"CareHaven't you done it all spring?"as he was misguided. His worst

fully casual, she was. Gerald looked at his mother in complaint was youth, she hoped.

"No,"Gerald replied shortly, surprise. "Mother! You surely The boy came back glumly.

and then smoothed his abruptness are not suggesting that I use my "Tennis is off. Dr. Tillman has

with, "Old Jones of the bank has friendship with Leonora to get a his troop of scouts waiting to start decided he can't use me, of course. job with her father? As a matter on a hike over on the peninsula,

Says he makes it a point to know of fact, Leonora offered to help and an emergency operation has all his men socially before he hires me to get in at the bank, but of come up that he must do. Wants

them. Rather thin excuse, I call course I could not let her. I'll me to go with his brats because

it. I'll just file the letter away as stand on my own feet in this as in he says I am the only man he

rejection slip number sixteen."He everything else. I'm not the kind knows with nothing to do. I like

chose the thinnest slice of toast of man to use Leonora for the his candor, I don't think."

on the plate and buttered it sparse- 'pull'she has.""Brats! Why Gerald! Dr. Tillly, as though toast were the only Sarah Marsh had a longing to man has the very nicest troop in

problem in the world before him. shake the boy. She couldn't, at town."

Gerald never ate much at any time, the moment, recall;ever having "Well, I suppose that is rather

and less than ever before his tennis heard of such exasperating precision crude, but it certainly describes games. between business and friendship. some of the young imps. I never

She had entertained the idea that saw so many kids with such a

Mi.RS. MARSH watched theon thetwo samefloweredtree.bestShewhenwonderedgrown faculty for getting into scrapes.

his actions with a fascinated inhow the girl, Leonora, had taken tentness. It was a thing totally

outside her previous experience with men, this abstinence of food

7 think, Dr. Tillman, that he is coming

out of it,"she whispered.

152 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

You don't know a minute's rest to be cryptic about the "imporrows, and there, under a mamfrom anxiety all the while you are tant business"that took him away. moth blue bus from Canada, prowith them. You can't imagine But when the fascinating tones truded the greasy, bekhakied legs

what a strain it is."of the fair Leonora came over the of a mechanic, dwarfing the

"Oh, yes I can,"Sarah Marsh wire in such evident regret at the spindly shanks beside him of a murmured. "I used to take you loss of him, Gerald was mollified. lad obviously clothed for scoutboys on hikes. We used to call Not quite to the point'of telling ing.

them picnics in those days."her the cause for his absence, how- "Brick Jones!"snapped Gerald.

'That just proves that you ever! A little of the spice of mys- "Hey! Just a minute, will ya?

don't know what they are like. I tery has whipped up many a He's 'bout got it fixed, and how'll

was a sensible child, as I remember. jaded appetite in lagging friend- I know how if I hafta come out

Doc Tillman knows I can save ships. And Leonora had, of late now?"piped an excited voice.

them from drowning, treat them assumed the careless, possessive "Jones, we've got exactly two for cuts and sprains, and all those ease of a girl who knows that a minutes to take our places in the little things. That's why he picks man is at her least beck and call, bus. Do you, or do you not, want

on me,"Gerald muttered resentwhether she takes the pains to to make the trip with us?"

fully. He remembered to add, as keep him there or not. Gerald

he went out the door, "he is goheaded for the bus station and his ing to pay me twentyfive dollars charges, grimly satisfied with the 1 HE spindly shanks for the three days. I can use it."results of his telephoning. emerged, followed by the rest of

the boy, his hat off, his carroty hair in wild disarray, and his 11 E was back in pre- L HERE were about freckled nose smudged plentifully cisely ten minutes, his white flantwenty boys making the trip, and with mechanic's grease. He glared

nels exchanged for the correct they were all at the station waiting resentfully at the sartorial vision thing in hiking apparel. Very for him. Gerald received a list that met his eyes.

precise as to the cut of olive drab of names from a tall boy who Gerald gave him look for look.

whipcord breeches, very glossy as introduced himself as Jim Drake, "Are you a scout?"

to leather puttees, he was. His and called roll. There was a "Sure, I'm a scout. What'd

flannel shirt was the last word steady stream of heres until the you take me for? A humming

in negligee elegance. His brown final name. bird?"With a sort of frightened

sweater was a marvel of fit. "Brick Jones."impudence.

His mother had an insane deNo answer. 'You don't look old enough,"

sire to thrust him under a glass "Jones!"Gerald called sharpGerald told him with more frankbell such as she had preserved her ly. He did not intend to start ness than tact.

wedding cake under thirty years the day with any monkeybusi- "I'm nearly thirteen, and I'll ago; the kind of cover that careful ness, his face menaced. lick the guy that says I aint,"

lad, the his growled and clenched their place used to overhousewives there lookguess is over Brick "I fists that so pugnaciously insure to them best wax flowers voice puny at the busses,"a timid ing from contact with a coarse world. ventured from the rear. Gerald almost laughed.

But struggling with her exaspera- "Sorry,"he said unconvincingtion over his dandyism was an Gerald strode over to the busses ly, for he would have liked nothintense pride in Gerald that presthat were parked in the repair ing better than to grasp Master ently overcame the other. Dr. stalls. There was no one visible. Jones by the seat of his badlyTillman instinctively knew that He walked down between the rumpled breeches and apply a

the boy was trustworthy, was a shingle where it would do such real man, and Sarah did, too. The obvious good. But the bus anlast his nouncer megaphoning was kissed matter. She rest did not of author.RS. EN, BOW warning, time and there was no the and samehim murmured adMr"Pull,"born and in Logan was

monitions regarding his health and received her education there, being for further animosities. "Hurry

safety when out of her sight that graduated from the Utah Agriculup, kid,"he admonished, and did tural later in College 1920, and a sprint toward the bus on his every chargedshe with him had the at post graduate doing work account. own salthe first since day he hadday California. of She University

lied forth alone to kindergarten, taught in the Logan city schools and At the ferry dock, where the his fiveyear curls bobbing bravely. was for two years head of the Engbus deposited them nearly an hour

lish department of the Davis High later, Gerald noticed Brick glowSince School. marriage her to Mr.

in ering at him over the still beshe has lived Grant R. Bowen GERALD telephoned Seattle until recently when the famsmudged nose.

ily are to Salt and moved Lake disappointJones. HisLeonora on that hop ferry with "You

the of Forest members Dale now lightened the tennis wasment over the Drake, Jones,"Jim he warned ward.

considerably by the reflection that Among her tstories published in boy, "and see that you don't lose

Leonora and Dr. Tillman had unthe Journal were "Ye Olde Clothes the crowd at this terminal. I'd

consciously used almost the same Shop,""Rose Colored Silk"and like to take time to play -special "Gift House."She also their variousphrase in extending I to can't you, wrote nursemaid but do the oneact Gate,"a "Throughinvitations: "the only man I it, said it."After he he had knew know play published in which Was bookwho has nothing to do."The let form and used extensively in he had made a mistake. Dr. Tillidea was beginning to gall. It the Mutuals of the Church. man's scouts were notably on their

would salve his wounds somewhat [Continued on page 172]

HI LTIHI By ADAH R. NAYLOR

How Much Meat Shall We Eat?

fads differ in their opinions that energy. They are, cream, butter,

no matter how much reading the oils, nuts and fatty meats and average layman does it is almost fish.

impossible for him to come to any The minerals required are iron, definite conclusion. calcium and phosphorous. They

However, the more conservative are found in milk, cheese, egg modern medical minds have taken yolk and many of the vegetables, the middle ground and have conparticularly lettuce, asparagus, cluded that a well balanced selecspinach, cauliflower, tomatoes and tion of all the foods commonly carrots.

eaten by man is the best diet, genMeats supply the body with erally speaking, for the human both proteins and fats. It is

race of today. claimed by food authorities that

an adult of average weight cannot "D UT the question need not be get along on less than sixty grams all the hungers given to *-* left entirely to scientific reof proteins a day and probably years one hundred About needs in the neighborhood of 125 for food search. the hunger manOF the gave to ago Joseph Smith grams, that and growing children greatest driving the has

in general his followers world and need 3 times 2 or protein as much reason the of force back it—for a particular, wonderful docuper as adults. weight body Also, cease in to eat cease we that we when

to exist. But mere existence is ment known as the "Word of that animal protein in the form of

is "the order and meat is much more easily assiminot enough. If we are to be well, Wisdom"which

strong and happy, we must eat the will of God in the temporal sallated than vegetable protein.

right kind of food in given vation of all saints."In regard Let us agree that the model diet

amounts at regular intervals. to food it is set forth that all is a well balanced one which ingrains, all wholesome herbs and cludes all the vegetables, fruits,

fruits are for the "ordained conbread and cereals, milk, cheese, our /we earn only must Not stitution, nature of and use man."a limited eggs, and learn of amount must bread daily but we

something of food values if we are Also, that the flesh of beasts and meat. That it should be varied

to select the kind of food that will fowls are for the use of man but with the jseasons, and that the give health to our bodies. The "they are to be used sparingly and amount required depends upon the

science of nutrition has been deonly in times of winter or cold or age, weight and activity of the inveloped only within recent years, famine."To those who follow dividual.

yet in this short period thousands these instructions the promise is given shall that run and "They been made have of paperof tons be weary, and Selecting Meat and shall walk ofinto books thousands and magnot azines in which food experts and not faint.""jyf EAT is the most expensive of

discussed specialistsnutrition have all foods therefore and whenthe C study, of purpose food OR and "Eatingthe of problem is it ever possible, personal marstuffs divided have into been;agree the that AllHealth."keting should be done. cut The three proteins, cargroups main depends of thehealth upon body is of that meat suitable to most fats. bohydrates addition In and elements, use ofproper and food the need selected, there can be and these to requires the groups body is it a question sothat not much eliminated. waste much water, certain vitamines and minit is a as ofof quantities food cuts cheaper of The meat when eral matter. qualities foodquestion of of such properly often cooked bet- a have

materials as will supply the necProtein foods build tissue and ter flavor than the more expensive essary stimulus for vitality. But repair waste. They comprise ones, and the nutritive value is

here their agreement ends and their meats, fish, eggs, cheese, milk and just as good and in some meats disagreement as to which food such vegetables as peas, beans and better. The cost of heat in cookstuffs supply the right elements lentils. ing the more expensive cuts is usubegins. Carbohydrates are the energy ally less, but where a coal stove

Much of the discussion and disand heat creating foods. In this is used for heating as well as for

agreement has revolved around the group are vegetables, fruits, sugar cooking this item does not have eating of meat. But so widely do and all starchy foods. to be considered. Where gas or

the followers of food cults and diet Fatty foods also create heat and [Continued on page 180]

PRIESTHOOD All Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared under theQUORUMSdirection of the Council of the Twelve;

/""'and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.—

Securing, Employment for Church Members

TJ VERY person who wants work ment for women. This committee then be taken up in the weekly ward

;*—'should be able to obtain it. This will act under the direction of the Priesthood meeting and efforts made

is especially the case with those supbishopric. among all the members of the Priestporting families. Under present unAlso, where. conditions justify, a hood to try to secure any possible

favorable economic conditions, it is Stake Employment Committee should job. If, after every possible means

difficult in many instances to secure be formed, consisting of representahas been exhausted by the Ward Ememployment. The Church can do tives of the Stake Presidency and ( High ployment Committee, they have not

much in.trying to place the person Council, with a member of the Stake been able to secure employment, the

wanting work in contact with any Relief Society Board associated, to comatter should then be referred to the available jobs. This can best be done operate with the ward employment bishopric. If they are.then unable to

through the Priesthood quorums of committees. find any employment for him, they

the various wards and through stake The suggestive procedure to be folwill report the case to the Stake Emcoordination. lowed is, that if a ward member is ployment Committee, who in turn

We urge, therefore, that in every without employment, the case will be will make every possible inquiry to locality where there are people needreferred to the Ward Employment try to secure employment for those ing employment, the Ward Bishopric, Committee. The Welfare Committee in need. The important thing is that

under the direction of the Stake Presof the quorum to which the man beevery possible means should be used idency, proceed as follows: longs, or the Relief Society in the case to try to find some employment. All

of a woman, will find out from the members of the Priesthood could

Appoint a Ward Employment unemployed member the essential inproperly make inquiry of all possible

Committee to consist of a High formation pertaining to training, exsources of employment. There is no

Priest, a Seventy and an Elder. These perience, qualifications, references, adquestion if this matter is taken up

might be the chairmen of the Welfare dress and telephone number. This systematically and with real interest

Committees of these quorums or information will then be reported to in the welfare of the Priesthood memgroups. With them can very properthe other members of the Ward Embers that much can be done to help to

ly be associated a representative of the ployment Committee. In the case of relieve unemployment. The PresidRelief Society to look after employPriesthood members, the matter could ing Bishopric.

)C*MI -<* A Unique Bade

J. badges metal have been prepared cents. HEBER by to BURGON order In toPRESIDENT the right win

stake J- of the East reports Jordan is leaders. Badge the quorum elder No. 1 wear it, be an capable must of

marked activity in the third quorum green and costs 25 cents. Before he performing every ordinance and officidistrict. elders thatof of quorum The is it, entitled elder to wear calling an for must ating in any has he which

affaiiite social regular holdmembers all attend the for one meetings authority. the month this sees bishop Wheneach high and have as as 95 month

per cent of their enrollment present. listed in the rating card and be able blue badge on an elder he knows he

To these functions the wives and to report the fourteen duties and four can call on him at any time, any place sweethearts of the members are invited. privileges pertaining to his office. and for anything. This quorum is

To stimulate interest two small Badge No. 2 is blue and costs 35 located in the Sandy Third Ward.

)C<figjS*>2l- -<* Your Birthright Story TWELVE lessons telling in story provided for him a chosen and worthy entry is to be his own patriarchal form to Latterday Saint boys the lineage through the noblest men and blessing, a most sacred document to meaning of their lives and the mission women of the past, and of the Priesthim.

that is theirs will be given in all quohood and its attendant blessings he Of old it was customary when a rums of theLesser Priesthood during has a right to by lineage and through person could prove his descent from a 1931. faithfulness. worthy progenitor, to give him the

In the first lesson an outline story At the close of this lesson each boy privilege of bearing a suitable coatof- will be told of each boy's birthright, will be asked to compile for himself arms, or badge to be borne on his of his premortal life as a spirit child a "Book of Remembrance"(Moses shield, betokening his lineage. Since

of the Father, of his selection because 6:46) which is to be a sacred record each patriarchal blessing declares the

of faithfulness for an important misof his own life and of the lives of his lineage of the one receiving it, when sion upon earth, of how the Lord parents and forefathers. The first a boy obtains his blessing and records

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 155

it in his "Book of Remembrance"he life, the lives of his parents or grandmance in the lives of all his progenitors will be given a blue shield as his parents which came to them while and stories will be selected by the boy coatof-arms, to be known as the serving in the army of the Lord. The from their lives. He will be given

"Shield of Faith."(Doc. and Cov. award for this will be the placing at practice in preparing records of his

27:17.) the top of his "Shield of Faith"a kindred, and in making temple sheets.

The second lesson will stress the helmet, signifying the "Helmet of He will be taught the importance of farreaching and eternal consequences Salvation."(Doc. and Cov. 27:18.) true records, and the proper preparaof each boy's life, and the missions The Father's plan for the perfection tion for acting as proxy in baptism for

for which he should prepare, as indiof his faithful children in the highest the dead. He will be guided in his

cated by his blessing. Even as the heaven of the Celestial Kingdom and efforts to find a new ancestor, before

boy Joseph in Egypt became a savior how families can be made perfect unknown to his family, that he mayto the house of his father—the house through the performance of sealing taste that rare joy. The marvelousof Israel-—so each boy in the Church ordinances in the temples will occupy developments just ahead in the redemptoday is expected to become a savior the fourth lesson. Each boy will then tion of the Lamanites, the resoration

to the house of his fathers. Expebe asked to compile a record of his of the Ten Tribes, the building of

riences in life are loaned us by our own immediate family group, and also Zion and the New Jerusalem and the

Heavenly Father to prepare us for the a portrait record of the same group. great family gathering to be held in

work before us, and for an exaltation For this service he will be granted a the valley of Adamondi-Ahman will hereafter. star to place upon the first quarter of be outlined. Opportunity will finally

After this lesson each boy will be his shield. be given for him to teach another to

asked to write, simply and truthfully, The next lesson is on the necessity prepare a similar record to his own.

life,the story his illustrating of tracing of the records back own the of each lesson a definite activity With it pictures at with lives himself of various of his forefathers sealing and assigned, will be reappropriate andages, in and showing engaged children him until parents the and "chain given, as a wards such the of badge activities. interestingvarious is of Priesthood"perfect to the When made Salt for the Lake acting Temple boy isthis entitled will done to be he fill beginning. will his Each boy out as in baptism for proxy one hundredplace his shield a silver over cross, blue pedigree chart a compile portrait and

his kindred, of a likeness in and gold hisdenoting to willingness pedigree, serve and his commencing with own the of Angel for a Moroni makingsacrifice for others. picture special the chart on provided, record the of countries his from which lesson third will the then emphasize pictures the his adding The of parents, people the of came and of names ispart each as expected take boy etc. to grandparents, given award The relatives have missionperformed whoa is the bearer of a Priesthood in holy heartshaped likebearing a badge ary work. thecarrying salvation to of ness message of the Joseph Prophet the and

the nations, in gathering scattered motto "The hearts of the children The lessons themselves will be

Israel and in building up Zion. shall turn to their fathers."found in the published course of study

He will record five choice faithFollowing this, other lessons will for the deacons, teachers and priests for promoting experiences from his own treat of the intense interest and rothe year 1931.

*>- HKQ$!5>S0

Field Notes

Pleasant View Ward, Ogden their tithing, and are trying to comply during each week special matters to be

Stake them.with allBrotherthe requirementsRees stated madethat theof thetakenwayup ofin assignmentthe quorumandmeetingsthoroughin

ONReubenSaturday,G. ReesNovemberof the 1,BishopricBrother teachersgaged in wardand prieststeachingareandactivelyhave madeenpreparationPriesthood. ofIt isthea membersform of followof the

of the Pleasant View Ward, Ogden many friends, and in some cases among up work which cannot fail to bring

Stake, David J. Johns, supervisor of those who before their visits, were desirable results.

Aaronic Priesthood, Earl J. Rees, asindifferent and apparently had no insistant Aaronic Priesthood supervisor, terest in Church work. The Bishopric Write Your Experiences

and Scoutmaster Clarence S. Ferron, of this ward are very much encouraged,

together with 3 7 young men, members and the young men performing these M"OTES from the field might be of the Aaronic Priesthood quorums of labors are enthusiastic and happy to - made a very interesting departthis ward, called at the office of the have the experience which is coming ment to all who hold the Priesthood.

Presiding Bishopric in Salt Lake City to them. isIn beingevery quorumdone, andsomethingmany oforiginalthese greetings.to bring their

things inspiring others. be to would

little visit the Prethe with After Liberty Stake Aaronic Presiding Bishopric frequently The theysiding Bishopric, during which Priesthood hears oral reports Committee of plans and made activity, their they plansoutlined of carried assist to out members quorum the they Block, to where Stakewent Temple of '"FHE Liberty Committee of because sickness who, lack or of * is the buildings takenwere and through Stake undertaking to have or death through employment having grounds and listened to the lecture checked in every ward the total numentered the home, are in distress. These

given to tourists. The boys were deber of members of each grade of the experiences should be put in writing

lighted with their visit and will never Priesthood and the total number acand as many as possible will be pubforget the occasion. tive. They are also laying special lished; as a stimulus to others. Many

It was explained that this trip was stress on the question as to why the real gems of inspiration are lost be- a reward for faithful performance of average attendance at meetings is not cause no written report is made of duty during the past year. All memhigher. They are also following up them. Suggest to your secretary that

bers of the Aaronic Priesthood were the thorough organization of the ward he incorporate such items in his minpresent but four. All of these young supervisors and their activities and they utes and send an account to the Premen keep the Word of Wisdom, pay have suggested for quorum procedure siding Bishop's Office.

MUTUAL Executive Department General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith. 47 East South Temple Street Ruth May Fox,

Richard R. Lyman, Lucy Grant Cannon,

Melvin J. Ballard, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Clarissa A. Beesley.

Executive Secretary: 33 Bishop's Building Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

Spirituality in the M. I. A.

IS there lack of spirituality in your my experience where we have deigned ditioned largely by and includes physMutual Improvement Association? to invite the Almighty to direct our ical well being. There can be no

Complaint has been heard in some efforts."doubt that the divine spirit has been

the that because and Adult working the children of among men, this Subsequently, gentleman comtreat practical such manuals since Men the restoration the ofquartersM spirit in the the particularly which on mented was assubjects Health and "Community is in Gospel 1830, responsible and for the attributed gathering, and he happy an and OccupaHygiene""Choosing the rapid of advancement medical intricate, practical of solution some is spirittion,"the the of Gospel not science and for such as Pasteur, men light to administrative the problems itfelt these departas in should be Lister other and notables have who above. This from which came same

ments. been such benefactors of mankind. is spirit every invoked Mutual upon

The study of theological subjects meeting, and it will illuminate the Adult leaders and members will find has not been assigned to the M. I. A. minds of all who give place to it. added pleasure in the splendid text,

if Health class leaders "Community and Hygiene,"interPerhaps have some rethe above While Manuals two they see in it the can principles sets literally this to so aspreted enbanish in religious are the to ferred usual not forth stepping stones to spirit tirely that sweet temman's which warms it the sense ever word, must of be poral spiritual progress. andthe faithful every of heart Latterday

is all in a that truth part borne mind leaders, too,Saint. If judge, exists Men can such condition a in we M are there Gospel, of the and more ways find is opportunities it in for coloring many the Church,any most Mutual to Saints build Latterday than by the discussions vocations on condition Latthe withunfortunate and demands directly doctrines of the teaching the

terday ideals Saint service of a right change. should and beimmediate There

is lovely there "If anything Church. conduct. the While difference in thenoticeable tone problem of and how report, or or of praiseworthy, good

is to a living"I. ever "make color present meeting and where of an A. M. these after things."seek we vital all of importance us, that are to these there in discussed subjects of and

of a meeting outside of our Church The temporal welfare of man must is the even greater problem of "living."

where the same lessons might be be of great importance to the Lord, When Latterday Saints choose vocatreated. It must be borne in mind for he is the Creator and loving Father tions other elements enter in than

that these organizations were not of all and spiritual progress is conmerely the monetary remuneration. If

created merely for intellectual improvepossible they will look for employment ment. There is a higher and nobler which leaves them free to worship on

goal, the summit where spirituality and the Sabbath, and which provides opintellectuality stand side by side, and OCOUT and BeeHive work are portunities for service, and always they to reach this desirable point requires built along activity lines, but in will be influenced in their work by true essentials of the them are retheir standards life. of honesty, loyalty, wellrounded a beautiful and and

giving bereaved, the ligion—visiting effort. conscientious spirHence, years the important ago an A few all times. conservice, others at helping

itual State inference the held Capitol the will be combined with temwas is ornational the a former While at Salt Lake City by the officials of a ganization, with strictly theological poral.

dozen or more western states. The matters left out of its scope, it is The Gleaner Manual for this year

Governor, before making his speech of fundamentally spiritualizing in its is an ideal M. I. A. text book. Not

welcome, asked one of the gentlemen effects, as borne out by a statement theological, but religious; practical,

present to open the meeting with made recently by a man whose poethical, but colored with a spiritual district sition attorney's in the ofis a an In respondprayer. done. of example was This atmosphere—it fice opportunity given had him to text religion. applied representative the on ing welcome, of to the While person the of type study young

necessity, said as executive chief the Junior California's Manual, basedof criminal. classed that reported as He

it is Articles the this: deals on like Faith, ofsomething over his questioning in friendly of

"My heart is so full that I fear my one hundred young men and boys with the fundamental doctrines of the words may not be wholly intelligible. committel to the penitentiary, not Church, its aim is to help young girls

It has been my duty to attend many one had been a Boy Scout. apply these principles to daily living.

public conferences of this nature where By their fruits ye shall know It is made as concrete as possible by matters of vital importance were conthem. means of many everyday illustrations

sidered, but this is the first time in all and problems for discussion.

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 157

Joint Sunday Evening, Sunday Evening Scene II. Organization in America The Scout Oath—Three Talks, Feb. 1, 1931 (Four or five prominent citizens surThree Minutes Each—Three Scouts.

rounding table. Boyce sits at end of Duty to God and Country.

this for program joint table piles Sunday with literature of scout in front yHE 4- Service to Others—The Daily Good evening of him. meeting has he rises been assigned he begins.) As Turn.

: to I Gentlemen, the Scouts BOYCE have asked and Vanguards, you The

following program is suggested by the to come together this evening to consider Duty to Self—Physical, Mental,

ScoutVanguard committee of the the organization in America of the boy Moral.

scouts in I which have become deeply General Board. Scout Points. 12 The (Two Law—interested through incident an that ocstory illustrating minute the each of

curred I while in little was London. A Song—Congregation—"America."12 Scouts.

after Scout. news assisting boy points)—Twelve me, refused a Prayer—A 1. is Scout tip I Trustworthy. offered which A saying him, a "that Scouts and Song—Vanguards 2. is scout a accepts never Scout Loyal. for reward a daily A the to Faith.""True

turn."good thereupon 3. is tucked He his Scout Helpful. A Five Minute Conceptie Story—"The into his shirt, gave the address me is 4. Scout Friendly. A tion of Scouting"(Sir their of Robert scout headquarters Baden off and went is 5. Scout Courteous. A

selling smiling his and I Scout. papers. was 6. is Powell)—a Scout Kind. A greatly impressed fact the rethat by he 7. Dramatization—"The is Good Turn Scout Obedient. A fused shilling, and thought my surely Brought That Scouting to America."is 8. Scout Cheerful. A there a be great must for movement good

9. A Scout is Thrifty. Characters—English News Boy which grips the life of a boy and causes Scout; Mr. Boyce, An American. him to render service to his fellow men 10. A Scout is Brave.

without thought of pay. I was deter11. A Scout is Clean.

mined to find out what it was all about, 12. A Scout is Reverent.

o c a 1 (Individual or Beginning of Scouting in soterestedI visitedin whatscoutI headquarters,was told, so wasbroughtinMusic—V group)—"America the Beautiful."this literature I with me. read have America

it, it is of most and wonderful. Building Why Scouting—A

a have here seed, if we which Program planted (5 or Scene I. Street in London minutes)—VanguardCharacter in the fruitful fields many of First boydom Class Scout.

NEWS BOY SCOUT: London Times in our country, will yield a great harvest Program all of successful about train tthe big Scouting—A useful and in citizens men Paper—Read tional Training (5 wreck. Paper! the years Mister? it Times Paper! to come, for institution is an Minutes)—Vanfor Vocaor guard First Class Scout. Paper! Times for instruction training in and character

(Enter Boyce, bewildered. Holds paand citizenship. I believe Theodore Home coming greetings to former

per in hand and looks about as though Roosevelt struck the keynote of this work troop members.

said, he when "If are trying going find you to to address.) do an

all Song—Congregation—"Let us for anything the average man, have you: (seeing SCOUT Boyce's perplexity) press on."to got begin is before a he man. The I help Kin Mister? you

chance success lies of in working with

I Benediction—Vanguard. guess I've lost BOYCE: way, my the boy, the not man."utilize must We this Although is I program only though sug- I'd thought followed directions. the leisure boys'time under competent gestive,Can help we hope locate you this you will address? use me make leadership direct and his enthusiasm and of over) (Hands paper Vanguards as Scouts and spirit in the right to way of it—using make him SCOUT: Why that's a cinch, Mister. a real American. A boy in his early indicated—unless you have something

You almost passed right in front of it. teens craves excitement, he loves adventure, better.

Just this here go right to is corner. interested he in Oh, sports all of kinds; committee The wishes to suggest

I'll you. that See store show likes with he the together with other further that this offers evening a splenbig white its awnings? Well, in his the boys of the spirit gang to age—hasband did opportunity for a real comhome rightbuilding that. to next is and he curious to the operations know ing, all for former the members of the different of laws nature. of All you, of BOYCE boy, Thank have you my troop. list a Get of names the from these are supplied this bycertainly marvelous helped: a great deal. work me Here's

a shilling for you. of scoutcraft. It satisfies every interest troop roll of all boys who have beof the to longed the adolescent its troop I boy, from and inception. see can thanks, SCOUT: Mister. No, scout A nothing but great its success for Immediately send invitations growth to them acceptsnever a reward for a daily good and ultimate good the among youth of to meet their with old turn. tie troop this his in (Tucks shirt) on

our nation. I state dare before And you if occasion, possible. If they cannot

: Scout? BOYCE you do mean? tonight What A that before another decade has attend ask to them phone, write or passed, there will scarcely be a of boy: Don't SCOUT scouts you know what wire a message the troop and then scout all in age America, but can whatare? in everybody England Why knows their mention a few names—-readingto proudly say, "I have done daily my Sirabout Robert Powell's Baden boy if messages time will permit. turn, good for a I'm scout."boy Genscouts. scouts are just that boys Why

I tlemen, ask your cooperation asand ado turn good every * learn day and—ICg!j3/V3l—sistance in launching this great movementto to be kind animals. dumb have Theyto learn the scout oath and when they—are you with me?

Every its community has share ofget to be first class scouts, they all earn arise (They and applaud. As they boys of Scout and badges.merit Here's Vanguard ate our scout off head-: young walking stage Boyce continues)quarters address on this card. Maybe Sir I sincerely appreciate your enthusiastic age—an age which to some of the

Robert Baden Powell can tell you some acceptance. Suppose we meet here next more conservative residents has all the

more about it. week at this time and work out some earmarks of bolshevism. Until they

BOYCE: Thank you, lad. (Grasps boy's of the details of the plan? understand and appreciate the fine

qualities hidden beneath the roughhand) I wish you every success. You're THE GROUP: Fine, suits me—etc. cloak of irrepressiblea real fellow. adolescence it is

Selection. quite impossible to develop sympathy you're Oh, SCOUT welcome. (Salutes Music—Instrumental for the boy himself. of A program TwentyOne Years of Scouting callingand goes:off papers)

this kind valuable in is most revealing

It's looks at card, (Boyce then goes off the true heart of Accomplishments (5 minutes)—the boy, as mirrored

stage in direction. a of Scout Scout. Headquarters) in the Scout program.

158 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

Latterday Saint Ideal Service—A

THERE is something sacredly satisLord our God with all our might, we A desire to serve and the satisfaction fying in Latterday Saint service; must be willing to love and serve his it gives are the stimulants to the leadersomething which rewards far in excess children in righteousness and to love ship of these organizations, which give

of the effort put forth; something our neighbor as ourselves. no thought to material gain.

which puts warmth and sunshine inOur Church is organized to give Our Latterday Saint missionaries go side and inspires a spirit to "carry on."service. Service to youth, to age, to out in the world giving time and

Service is even more than an ideal the sick, to those in need, in trouble means to spread the gospel message.

to Latterday Saints. It is a divine and in sorrow. Our leaders in council What warmth of satisfaction is exlaw. Our Savior set the example. He with the bishopric stand ever ready to pressed by them when they return.

gave all to humanity and died that we answer the call to such service. The They never fail to say, "Those were

might live. members of the Latterday Saint the happiest years of my life."

Our Prophet, Joseph Smith, remother organization stand as minute In every field of endeavor Latterstored the Gospel of Christ to the men to respond to the call of the day Saint ideals are in actual operaworld and sealed his testimony with bishop to service. tion.

his life. The Sunday School is organized to The Seagull, Utah's immortal bird,

That service is divine, is proven by serve the spiritual growth, giving life gave service, and now his offspring the fact that there is no real happiness a fuller meaning. The Mutual Imblinks in the sun and looks upon a

or contentment without it. provement Association serves as a monument in his honor, while Utah's

As Latterday Saints we are unique laboratory to create wholesome leisure citizenry guards him from harm.

in ideals of service. The Gospel time that life might be more beautiful. Our Pioneers suffered and died in

teaches us to be honest, true, chaste, The Primary Association guides the service, their earthly reward acclaimed benevolent, virtuous, and do good to steps of little children in righteousness by a new generation—a generation to

all men; that in order to love the and fair play. carry on their ideals.

ICajjcOli -<*

Financial Report Ideals

ideal of the Church of Jesus The observance of tithing must be providing of revenue for the carryingANChrist of Latterday Saints is emwilling and voluntary; nevertheless on of the work of the Lord is imbodied in the payment of tithes and tithepaying is required by the Lord portant and for this purpose the Lord

offerings. The Psalmist declared: of those who have become his coverequires money sanctified by the faith

"The earth is the Lord's and the fulnant children by baptism. Tithepay- of the giver. But the prime and great

ness thereof."In acknowledgment of ing is not the giving of a gift but purpose behind the establishment of

this Supreme possessorship, the Lord rather the paying of a debt. The the law of tithing is the development

calls for a tenth of the increase of our of the soul of the tithepayer.

the tithe. is This the Thissubstance.

is the of Tithepaying measurement tenants. his of requiresgreat Landlord

its religion. true the extent of By

Israel. is It was is than says older proverb which Tithing a JL HERE observance every determine may man Jacob. and bypractised Abraham by of the profit day in not "Riches vitality his for the himself of own feature a tithes was of paymentThe delivereth righteousness wrath: but 'of faith love God. and

the time code. At the Mosaicof ad- a psalm death;"and of from

It characteristic the ever has been of in the ministry personal Lord'sour set.increase, not riches "if monishes, people of that they and Church tithe. TitheGod theflesh approved he

paying was observed more or less comyour heart upon them."take upon themselves the care of the

pletely during the Apostolic period. The old idea that one cannot poor if any exist among them. We

In this dispensation the law of the tithe serve both Cod and Mammon is believe that "he who gives himselfhas been reenacted in the Church. This borne out frequently by fact. with his gift, feeds three—himself, his

day has been called by the Lord "a Money as a servant is valuable, but hungering neighbor and me."The

day of sacrifice and a day for the tithas a master becomes horrible, forcfirst Sunday in each month is desigas nated manifest Fastday our and we is perpetual It a people."ing of my the beneath his slaves to ing bend

offersincerity in fasting an making by Priesthood. the oflaw is his part of oppression a which benefit for ing the poor. the of By in obedience spirit giving of The authority. all are consent to expected common tithe the makes divineto command Jesus of the realm of Church The at least contribute equivalent the of sanctified thus it is meansholy and by

in as Christ, as in well primitive the fasting the omitted meals through the activities of material thethat is is the realm the the latter of far days, family. Giving to from poor of on. carried are law TheChurch

the to lending Christ Lord. its teachings The in wealth, of and reasonis equitable andtithing both

I in- "Verily, taught: say you, unto hearts in the ever and keeps minds in give to requires everyoneable—it it as ye have unto asmuch one done sacriits ideal of the inof to his members proportionatethe amount

least these the brethren, of of ye my spiritual systemgifts ficing regularly give and material to for andcome it have done me."unto

is of It theatically. revenue law give sell all ones. has one and To

the Church and makes possible the to the poor or to pay a tenth of Faithfully living up to the financial spreading of the Gospel, the building one's income for the maintenance support ideal of the Church will bring lasting benefits of living, increasing houses other ofof worand Temples the experience the of Church, is to other faith, unalloyed his strength happiness, of to andship many name that realization joy cannot Warm It is selfloyalty, character, generosity, service to mankind. ofphases

our privileged blessing to aid the be bought, but that it follows the denial, peace, honesty, strengthened

Church toward the realization of the willingness to share. testimony, love of God and love of

glorious purposes for which it stands. fellowmen.

.

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 159

substituted by other plays if desired when approved by the Stake Comin charge Activity members c<DaWaVVu n rtyAcrwmr idieipx munity ===== Committee ================ Drama. If Royalty plays are substiof

tuted, royalties must be paid by the

Melvinmen HeberJ. Ballard,C. Iverson,ClarissaJohnA. H.Beesley,Taylor,ChairmenW. O. Robinson,; E. E. Ericksen,Don Wood,EmilyJos.C.F.Adams,Smith, ViceChair-J. Spencer wards. The contest plays are: "In

Cornwall, Charlotte Stewart, Elsie T. Brandley, Katie C. Jensen, Evangeline T. Beesley, the Making,""The Bank Account,"

Ethel S. Anderson "The Song of Solomon."

c. At the Ward Honor Day, participants are to select the best play to repMass Participation and Church Day.resent theCertainwardsubstitutions,at the Stakehowever,Honor

may be made in the cast upon the

Contests recommendation of the Director and with the approval of the participants all casts. This is done in order thatINprogramthe carryingof the M.on I.ofA.thetwoactivityterms "A"activityStandard.events organizedIt will thusandbe reachingpossible ofthe best players repgo forward may

have been used to some extent interfor a ward to receive "A"Standard resenting the ward with its best talent.changeably—"Requirements"and awards in each of the following:"Standards"; but now that the period Drama, Dancing, Music, M Men's 3 Music.

of contests is approaching, they should Public Speaking, Gleaners'Public a. The program as outlined in the

be definitely clarified. Speaking, Vanguard Retold Story and Hand Book Supplement, calls for a

1. Requirements: This term apJunior Girls'Retold Story. presentation of certain selections in

plies to the conditions to be met by 3. When it is found impossible to each musical event, including the coneach ward in order to receive recogconduct all five of the activity groups test numbers. Any of the specified

nition in Mass Participation from the suggested, )(music, drama, dancing, selections except the contest numbers stake on Stake Honor Day, as given public speaking, retold story), specialmay be substituted by others of like in the Hand Book Supplement, p. 9, ize in one or more and encourage instandards if they receive the approval

and in the interpretations below. dividual effort on the side. For exof Stake Directors of music. Howapplies 2. term Standards: This ever, all are groups urged to use sugor Gleaner ample: An who Man M quality to achievement. ofparticularly gested numbers. is in also the prepare group Drama may

orIndividuals groups have who for presentation public b. speech that a The Hand Book Supplement inachieved event Standard any "A"shall the requiresuggests Standard meet the organization "A"of a Stake their selected parfellow be bymay

eligible ments, for thus Chorus becoming of voices male on Februaryticipants at to appear Stake Honor 1st, contests. Churchwide after, or immediately indifrom the has even notDay, though ward

viduals who have participated in malefully met the requirements for recog- 4. Department Activities such as M

nition. For example: An outstandMen-Gleaner joint activities, Adult quartette or chorus work in the Ward

ing public speaker may be chosen to recreational events, etc. should not Mass Participation program. It is to

represent the ward on Stake Honor extend into or interfere with the weekly be understood, however, that where

Day, even though the percentage of halfhour program. This activity Ward Male Choruses are organized

participation may not have reached the period should be guarded as carefully they may continue in addition to the specified 20%. Or; two exceptionally as the class discussion period. Stake Chorus. All choruses will appear the on Stake Honor programfine Day selected couples dancing may be

the participants when will select the to appear on Day, even II. Special Features. Stake Honor

though all of the specified 10% of 1. Dancing. best chorus to represent the stake in

ward membership has not learned the a. Whenever a dancing party is conthe Churchwide Contest Division

dance. ducted on a stake basis, wards may Meet.

The spirit of the activity program receive credit on the ward dance pro- c. Orchestras can also be organized

rather than technical interpretation gram, provided they actively particiin the same manner as the chorus.

should govern both mass participation pate with (a) good attendance (b) Wards that desire may organize on a and contests. It is intended that the any other general cooperation suggested ward basis and the stake on a stake

latter shall grow out of the former and by the Stake Board. basis. The Orchestras will then meet

thebe of the actual culmination honest Stake on select Honor the best and Day b. Stake particiDay, Honor On

purposeful toand attempt bring Orchestra to represent the in the Stake will select the pants in Dancing 2 couples entire activity. membership into joyous Division Church Meet. to represent the in the stake ChurchContest Division wide Meet. Both

Story. couples may, but need not Interpretations and from 4. Public Speaking—Retold come

the same ward, even though each ward If individuals presenting speeches or

Explanations must have sent two couples. telling stories in the ward fail to reach

they on first appearance, "A"Standard

I. General Features. 2. Drama. should be encouraged and given other

1. In computing the 75% neces- a. The second M. I. A. Book of opportunities to appear.

sary to gain recognition in the stake Plays is now available (Price 50c).

of publishing the remaining Participation, figures Instead for Mass ward plays as originally two contest conIII. Mass Participation and Conbe based exclusive on membershipmay

of Scouts and BeeHive girls. Partictemplated, the book has been enlarged test Features.

all to include of the contest plays, also ipation either active affiliation means other plays in 1. Dancing: which be used with a study group three or three meeting may

four times, or actual appearance in the drama group or in the departments. (a). Mass Participation:

public presentation (individual or b. The program as outlined in the In order to receive recognition from

group.) Hand Book Supplement calls for the the stake in Mass Participation, a ward

2. Wards will receive recognition presentation of all three of the contest must have conducted during the winter

from the stake for each of the various plays. Two of these plays may be four dancing parties, one of which will

160 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

have been the Gold and Green Ball

ID Features, 1, Special (See (a) under ID IE IPA A IRT/H IE N T 1 U ILI above) of its. and must have - had 10% Committee

membership learn and demonstrate the contest dance. If possible this recogDr. Arthur L. Beeley and Lucy W. Smith, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Franklin S.

nition will be given on Stake Honor Harris, LewisW. T.Bennett,Cannon,EmilyDr. LymanH. Higgs,L Daines,CharlotteAnnStewartM. Cannon, Rose

Day. (b) Churchwide Contests:

Any two couples from a ward, having participated in the activity winter program, learned and having the conCommunity Health and trictof otherAttorney'sagenciesOffice,have andagreeda numberto cotest dance satisfactorily ("A"StanHygiene operate.

dard) shall be eligible for participation the of Adult Committee GenThe will future Public the health of be conin Stake Program, and Honor Day will glad to be Boards correspond in suferal cerned further reducing not only further participation in Churchwide its stake in with to regard any probalso in fering death, increasing but and contest activity.

health so that all may have an abundant lems, and to render any assistance 2. Drama: life. The increase in the "health span"possible.

will seriously than the be considered more Participation: (a) Mass Participation: (Mass the of Much "life in increase the span.""Health as contest the work is open to In order Adult to receive recognition from is disease of a standard freedom from

the stake in Mass Participation on mediocrity; health as a quality of life is Department. Why not organize a

Stake Honor Day, a ward must have a standard of inspiration and increasing double mixed quartette for this proproduced during the activity season achievement."'L. L. D. in the Manual, gram? Or other activity which Adult

three or more oneact plays, at least page 20. Members have entered might well be

one to be a contest play. used on one of these programs. Or,

the Adult (b) Churchwide Contests: HTHE* has subjectbeen treatedmatter inofsimple,this coursenonMembersa group mightof childrenbe introducedof to

Any contest play reaching "A"technical terms as far as possible. "In Our Lovely Deseret.") sing

shall eligibleStandard for be read, understood can appearEverything be this evening Make real a invitationance Stake on Honor Program Day lay discussed the and average by all to Adult of Members your Ward, participation in further Churchand all adult. read to Encourage members in extending invitation an as as well regardless the contests, ofwide number it each chapter for before comes up in presenting a cultural to them evenof ward. plays produced by the class. discussion in quesAssign the ing spiritual of educational and de-

3. Music: tions at.end of each chapter and some velopment which will encourage them

(a) Mass Participation: of the special topics to individual to appreciate the value of our leisure

class. the all of members Include time little program. thoughtful A recognition receive to order In from

in assignments, members such endeavpreparation this along line is sure to inthe stake Participation Mass on oring especially retito the draw out bring results far of out proportion to aStake Day, have must ward Honor cent ones. it Occasionally be the time may expended. inthree events Chorus, music—Ladies'to well include lecturer a special a on or Quartet Chorus,Male Double and

topic, this but should be the exception Quartet.Mixed Projects rather than rule. the is reason One

Contests: (b) Churchwide that several special lecturers, not memof the stakes V/TANY have launched

the of events musical one Any havbers class, of the are sure to overlap; L -1- projects and at are hard work oning reached Standard and having "A"lec- a specialist is that another them. when

appeared publicly in the ward, shall tures, the usually merely members stake Duchesne has undertaken from be eligible to appear the Stake on the thus miss the development listen, and Manual "Community Health

Honor Day program and to participate that comes from thinking about and Hygiene"project No. 3, "Creatinganda

further in Churchwide contests.. discussing the subject. County Health Unit."Dr. Lyman L.

4. Public Speaking: Daines of the General Board Committee is cooperating with them and (a) Participation: Mass Project The assist will in securing the services of to receive In order recognition from a physician to locate in their comconsult should CLASSLEADERS Participation StakeMass on Honor at munity. the Manual of Chapter XXV a leastDay, ward had at must have

already done Valley Ogden stakes The have if they once not have unof the Gleaners or of the20% 20% dertaken project project, 6, and a selection a of No. Local make "A present the acso, during winter MenM Mental this get Hygiene Program."way. under Arthur Dr. worktivity season speech. a fiveminute

L, Beeley has given some supervision (b) Churchwide Contests: In the Salt Lake Area and will continue to render further

Any M Man or Gleaner having assistance where necessary.

reached "A"Standard in Public SpeakThe stakes in the Salt Lake Valley The Adult Committee of the Gening and having participated in the together with South Davis have joined eral Board will do all possible to assist ward activity program during the together under the title of the M. the stakes in their work. Write to

season, shall be eligible to appear on I. A. Adult Civic Association and them about your problems, and let

the Stake Honor Day program and have launched their project. About them know where you need help.

further participation in Churchwide 50 representatives were present at the Teacher Training will be given contests. meeting and the project was selected where requested by members of the

5. Retold Story: without a dissenting vote. It is General Board Committee, or in places

the immunization of their children too distant for their personal super- (a) Mass Participation: against diphtheria by use of Toxinvision they will secure help of others

In order to receive recognition in Antitoxin. They are to be conwho are available. Dr. Joseph F.

Mass Participation on Stake Honor gratulated upon prompt action and Merrill, Superintendent of Church

Day, a ward must have had at least the diligence with which they are Schools, and his assistant, Ernest [Continued on page 171] pursuing it. Schoolboards, the DisBramwell, will hold meetings with

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 161

Adult leaders in the more distant communities they visit.

In the Salt area, includLake Valley A\ men department also ing Davis and South North ===== stakes, a course of study was started Committee=====

November 20, 1930. It will be conHerbert B. Maw, Chairman; John F. Bowman, Thomas A. Beal, Oscar W. Carlson, Alma Clayton,

tinued at regular intervals as requested Homer C. Warner, Nicholas G. Morgan, E. E. Ericksen, Jos. F. Smith

on the 4th floor of the Bishop's Building under direction of Dr. Daines.

In San Francisco Stake, Chairman

Smith, while in attendanceLucy W. I. A.

husband,with her Elder George Albert Invitation to "M"Men haveOffice,theirSaltapplicationLake City,in onthe orM. before

Smith, at a regular conference, gave Basketball Teams February 15, 1931. All expenses

specific instruction thesome on Mancare the team of taken be must by is listed Stake below whichual to leaders the L. of the Adult Y. less enters. four If than ANY which (4) is invited play a to in Tourna- I. regard In A. projects to theM. a will apply, tournament teams such first the in Salt City week Lake ment last inshe explained the winter how held. not be this tourin of winner March. The area,Salt stake Lake Valley Adult

will the eligible enter to be nament aleaders the during once met month

St. Alberta secJohns the InterDivision Tournamententire season studied the needs and

St. Lethbridge Joseph in the winners with of ond March week that theirthe study community. From San Taylor Juan the Richfield, Salt Lake, of Provo,project sprang. Observance on Law Luis Big San Districts Pocatello Horn Ogden, and Logan

still leaders areThese meeting monthly Snowflake Hollywood the conditions: following under

a have undertaken of proand number Angeles of Los champions Entrants be Young must jects, as are the changed conwhich Star eligiFrancisco Valley stake. their San be must They own

progress.ditions rules Juarez to ble the according Union Men M in the M Men Manual. They must Maricopa Nevada

Adult Women's Class DURING the season of 192930, the Adult Women's class of MarVista ward, Hollywood Stake, made 'El$ DEDtRjIMENT the record: MMENGLEAN following interesting Committee ==============

1 6. Enrollment

Average attendance 16. Combined M Men and Gleaner Committees

Completed all lessons outlined in

Lesson Course.

trip Library. to Huntington Made of this deall members ers, where General Suggestions for

are Suggestions (in connection party participate. Held a with partment

men) for benefit of ward library Cooperation given in the manuals, but the more getting is ineach displayed family contributing book. originality that one president and Gleaner Men

it will be. enjoyable this up, the more "Picturization Presented of with consult should Notable THEpresidentM

"The on Etiquette, little book of Scriptures"Mothers the often regarding other in Conjoint each off at all Times,"is M MenRightThe Thing at Conference. andMeeting Tuesday for the first meeting Gleaner

Enjoyed our work very much and of each month. This evening should the press, and will be found very useful

Gleaners to usefelt we spent a very profitable year. be planned long enough ahead so that for the M Men and

lessons. to as the other supplementary is prefine program worthwhile in read "Life a ward Twenty women little of amenities courtesies and The committees presented. Joint pared andof Karl Maeser."Vista G. Adult Mar life social are so important which the out be appointed should to work Class, Myrtle R. Zundel.Women are people, daily in contact with our Outlines details these programs. of

for these various lessons and activities all described in this little volume.

Recreational Activities are to be found in the M Men and Let's work for a bigger and finer Gleaner Manuals. These programs M MenGleaner group in every Mutual

A NEW little book of stunts and are to be presented during the time of Improvement Association of the -** dramatizations has been recomthe regular lesson discussion period Church.

mended for use by adult groups wishand should not be confused with the interests intoing to such withlaunch Activity programs, Evening Tuesday far. in getting MenGleaner "Carry On"Plays too "Stuntout separate which are and distinct, and M

is the Nights,"book Clubfor Your Program are presented during the last half hour called, it can be ordered and from The of Mutual. TT is most gratifying to know that So. E.Deseret Company, 44 Book

Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah. The For the Tuesday Evening Activity * in most of the stakes of the Churchprice is $.75, postpaid. It contains program, the M Men and Gleaners the M Men and Gleaners have put on

many little dramatic skits and sketches, who are to participate in the general very successful "Carry On"programs.

some of which require no more than assembly on the first Tuesday in The reports that have come in have five or six minutes for presentation. February should have their addresses been so splendid that it should be an

Others are longer, but none are long all prepared and be ready to present inspiration and incentive to the stakes enough to impose too great a burden them. It is not too early to begin which have not yet given this program.

of preparation upon the participants. work on these speeches now. We hope that every M Man and

They are sure to arouse a spirit of For the first Tuesday in January Gleaner in the Church may have an fun, and perhaps through their use there is to be a Social. Committees opportunity to witness or participate

many members of this department will for this event should be chosen now in such a program and get the thrill, reawaken to a realization of the joys and work begun to make this a real and inspiration which will come from of dramatic activities. "get together"for M Men and Gleanso doing.

162 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

Excerpts from the reports of some the M Men and Gleaners in Salt Lake put on in February. It should be made

stakes follow: City at our June conference. an outstanding occasion for culture

"Shall the of Stake Falour Youth and enjoyment. Committees should

will hope you answer "No, We already be this toward at work making North Sanpete Stake Faithfulter?"and Stand."Will True Ever We original, affair, fine an in and one Please us meet at with the Tabernacle "C VER since Sunday evening when Saturday evening at 8:00 o'clock. which all M Men and Gleaners will

**-* we so successfully presented our (signed) M MenGleaner Committee. be happy to participate.

Helpful suggestions will at be MenGleaner found Spring programM response TN pages the closing and 353 of 204 I. A. session of our M. Stake J-City—the mailed to each Book. Quarterly to theM above,Man andwhichto eachwas Handon Conference, wanted I have

to tell you about it. Gleaner girl in Cassia stake by our

I do so not in the spirit of pride stake leaders, a large majority of the of assisted our stake young people at our accomplishment, but humbly over our "Carry program. On"in B.Y.U.Tenth Annual with and that putting a heart full of gratitude

our Heavenly Father blessed our efThis program was given in the stake tabernacle at close the of our Leadership forts, Week as a and, result, our young

Quarterly feel Conference, that and we people the privilege have parhad of January 2630, 1931 it best the of is one presented programs ticipating in witnessing and such an a for here time. long leaders were Our inspiring program. Times Theme: Our

in their untiring this to make the used as outlined program We a success the and Gleaners and Men Committees Mefforts for the the June omitting Conference thrilled themselves seemed with first part only. the General: Nelson, Lowry R. H. Merprivilege helping. of

rill, The young presented Jensen, Christen man Holt, E. who H.

after the a little day The program "The the speech Theme"memorized George Woodward, H. H. M.

of appreciation to mailed each was exactly as the note P. in Christensen. Hansen, A. published it was

Era, Other than that all of the speakindividual who had assisted in any Reception: Ed. M. Rowe, Alice L.

ers prepared their own speeches, and way. We feel that from start to finish Bigelow.Reynolds, Nettie Neff Smart, P. P. they all did beautifully.

our "Carry program On"J. was a deAccommodations: Sister H. Boyle, S. Jensen, our Stake Wm. Ruby

success. cided Rosetta B. Robinson, E. Hayes, Nettie Neff Smart, Gladys Gleaner Leader, wrote the and directed

part depicting "Leaves from an Old Pocatello Stake ClassBlack,Rooms:Melvin E.McDonald.H. Holt, N. I. charactersAlbum."presented The

all are well Stake and Y7E in our known all athave v* MfeelMenGleanerproud overprogram,the successfulwhich Publicity:Butt. H. R. Merrill, J. M. Jenlives in their some time

been active in the M. I. A. was given the evening of our Quartersen, Walter P. Cottam, K. B. Sauls,

The chorus which introduced "Carly Conference. Edgar M. Jensen, T. Hettig, Carlry On"and sang "Hail To Our PresAs this conference marked the outton Culmsee.

ident"was trained by our Stake Mugoing of President Hyde, stake presLuncheon: Elizabeth Cannon, W.

sic Director, who is still a Gleaner ident of 30 years, and the incoming H. Snell.

Girl. of President Henderson, our new stake Seating: K. B. Sauls, Ed. M. Rowe,

Lester Whetten. president, dewere honored and we All of Gleaners the M Men and

the James Cullimore, Earl lighted with presence of beRegistration: our responded wholeheartedly "Carwith

Cottam, Clyde Art Summerhays, President loved Grant. chairman, The ry to the and Faith""True On"

Hasler, Paul Thorn. in his George Pugmire, an Man, led M Brother Lawrence By

Exhibits: E. H. Eastmond, George presidents, the introduction said: ofJunior, is a talented very who Man. Sardoni,M Hansen, H. Edgar M. Jensen, W. "Hearts hearts to are linked God, by Brother Reese secrestake Andersen,

Snell, H. Tuckfield. Maud President gift and God's Hyde was still tary the of is Men, Young who

stake. in Pocatello age an Once an the exercises to conducted Man, M Departments of Instruction a friend sends to us such some of God in a dignified very way.

as in us, loves Years not a false One Hundred of Church Histhis, who fact, In the Gleaners and Men M tory: imagining, all Jensen. Christen looking but through all did in asof it and which a way

sured us that there is no doubt of the rubbish of our imperfections, loves Religion in Our Times: George H.

their ability and intention to "Carry in us the divine idea of our natures, Brimhall, Guy C. Wilson.

On."loves us not so much for what we are, Home Making in Our Times: Effie

President Nielsen was delighted but for the beautiful characters we Warnick.

with their efforts. He said the result may become."Farming in Our Times: T. L. Martin,

far surpassed his expectations. A beautiful basket of flowers was H. Grant Ivins, Lyman Rich.

May I assure you of our constant presented to each president, Presidents Business in Our Times: H. R. Clark.

desire to accomplish successfully whatGrant, Henderson, Merrill, SuperinArt in Our Times: B. F. Larsen.

ever you plan for us. tendents Wells, Bywater, who made Physical Science in Our Times: Milton Marshall, C. E. Maw, Wayne all being very inspiring and at inspiration marvel the and responses, We

Hales. B. to folks.. encouraging the young is so in all that evident power which

in Science Health and Our hall section of our main was Biological us. The give to choicest you God's May Walter Times: Vasco Cottam, P. for the Gleaners, reserved and attend Men always. you M Tanner, L. Cullimore. Dr. L. M. filled entire hall the capacto and was E. Nelson, Pres. Y. L. Stake blessings—Tina in Literature Times: P. A. Our ity.

Christensen.

are grateful that such programs We Cassia Stake Social Problems: Day John are given General us Board, and Present by the Swenson. C.

the "Shall sincerely Falter?"them. thank of for Zion Youth Pocayou Educational Problems of Our Times: this often heard have question we telloHow Stake Board.

Merrill. AmosN. answered, Faithful "No, and True We

J. Stand."Will Ever The Valentine Party CivilizationsSnow. of the World: Wm. Sunday evening session of our The

Quarterly conference has been given to "VTOW is the time to be getting ready Recreation: Wilma Jeppson and W-

the M Men and Gleaner Girls to present - for our annual community recrea- O. Robinson. a program similar to the one given by tional event—the Valentine party to be Genealogy: Joseph Sudweeks.

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 163

done it. That was because faith had

IDIEIPaVIR|aV* father."ILIEANIEIK GUMS been implanted in my heart by my -V'Committee ===== The following is taken from

Grace C. Neslen, Chairman, Rachel G. Taylor, Martha G. Smith, Margaret Newman, "Treasures of Truth"of Joy Jensen,

Emily C. Adams Sugar House Ward, Granite Stake.

One of the stories I intend putting in my book is one told to me by my grandmother, Petrina Jensen, aged 85.

"Gleaning"there is no investment of 25c which I shall tell it in her own words.

will bring greater returns. "When I was a little girl eight years

I. the in her three daughteachers A. age, and of years mother M. myFOR left America. ters for results Denmark better that My claimed have Calendar

father having was mother a widow, my text if entire the obtained becould in the before been sometime drowned of for the calendar months hands. in their were season thefor THE to incoming meet an ocean, on way include: February offers them "Gleaning"ManualOur if she felt that ship. and mother My his Gleaner Jan. and withMen outline work of theira complete and M January6—Joint little reach Zion family and could her

the orof purposein one cover. The in the peace of the Activity—Social. Rocky Mounhome

the for calendar 1931, theganization, life happier. be tains, her would Jan. 13—Discussion. Gleaning.project and sheaf, the question box Jan. 20—Discussion. Gleaning. "The ocean voyage of eight long

faith test the a great to conjoint eight the of for weeks was the Gleaning. workand Jan. 27—Discussion. disease, as dreaded the passengers the are included the withnights Men M ActivityMen-Gleaner Feb.

I 3—M cholera, of took our number. many thisin Manual. Drama. I sadness shall the forget never think confiinspiration and vision, The

all the Gleaning. us of over Feb. came when which of 10—Discussion. a preview from come whichdence placed the wide were bodies of on dead Gleaning. Feb. sucfor more subject entire makethe 1 7—Discussion. I slid ocean. the into boards, wonandcessful teaching of the individual lesFeb. 24—"Treasure Book"night. dered what would become of them, and

sons. my childish fancy would dwell on them

Dr. Arthur L. Beeley makes the folThe Sheaf at night, pondering over their fate.

lowing suggestions for the use of a Would they be food for the fishes, or study manual: are your girls progressing in would they be washed up on the shore HOWgathering their Treasures of of some distant land? It was all so

helpless so uncanny. were weird and We in conIt be borne 1. mind should encouragconstantly Are you Truth?

all. it in prayonly comfort in was Our is class one the successful a thatstantly stories and collect the to ing them thinking to Father ing Heavenly our and of possible largest number thein which their connected with directly incidents the promises him. by of made reparticipate. Suchits actively members inas history its personal family and all finally America, reached we "When '(a) prethe primarily uponsult depends

paredness of the teacher, (b) her ability fluenced by the restored Gospel? Ask hearts were glad as we felt the end ofto stimulate the class members to think them this question—"Where would our journey was near. Little did we

(c) her skill in getting the majority of you be if the Gospel had not come to dream of the long weeks of weary travthe group to take part in the discussion your parents or to you?"Let their eling, months of trudging over rocks

hills, terror that times of and want and in hand. subject particular theon the detail in give manTreasure book

this people. of ahead were humble classes large achieve 2. such results To first message Gospel the ner in which cholera someworse * and grew ** "The groups necessary. Small are not influence the people their and reached at so. die people once times would many purposes. As a discussion ideal forare

different lives the of on it has had it trench to necessary a be dig that would class a fact, becomes whenever ofmatter too large many people become inhibited members of the family. At April and bury them all in one grave. With

and refrain from participation with the Conference when our President, Ruth a simple song and prayer we would move result that one or two persons tend to do May Fox was called on to speak she on, leaving our loved ones to the mercy all the talking. told such a story in the following of their God. There were three families

along behind walked class one wagon. should of the We 3. All members be words: in

the our three oxen by drawn and in advance chapter wagon to read eachencouraged of its discussion in class. Class leaders "I was born in one of the factory milk cow. We felt for those who were

father districts England, of and if my their losing dear ones; special and when also assign myshould topics—especialof Jesus received the Gospel had not stricken the I were with and at of each chapown sister the endly the suggestions

ter—-to individual members. In making Christ I might have been there yet. Perdread disease, my poor mother almost

these assignments it will be well to include haps through my days I might have been lost heart. With the help of her Heavnot only the obviously interested and working in the factory, as many married enly Father, and those loyalhearted comcapable members but also the reticent perwomen did striving to get food for my panions, she trudged behind the wagon

son. Such assignments might also become children. I might have had a husband watching her two little girls who were

the occasion for inviting new or inactive who was not converted to prohibition. so ill, feeding them at intervals from a

members to join the class. "My mother died when I was a tiny spoon. But my dear sister, who was

The most successful Gleaner groups baby; I lived here and there, with any eight years older than I, grew steadily

prevail sister could that father good worse, beautiful my she one and morning as girls the as well the are those where care to of take me. we called upon to great the When was beyond. There the a manual. of leaders copy have cooperated families plains crossed the two grave, hills place a as to the dig was no

in the department work aimThe all. in fourteen wagon, in one full members great rocks, travso were of so we

real is "discussion groups."to have little a faith. with eled came As But we for sick hours. ten eight or on As

This is only possible where the memgirl I came feeling that if I could look as I was it seemed necessary that I should bers in the group have a manual. Dr. on the face of President Brigham Young hold the head of my poor sister in my

Bennion in preparing this manual has it was all the blessing I would ask. lap, and I shall never forget looking into

written it, not as a text for teachers, When I was married I felt if the Lord the face of my mother as she walked but with an element of personal appeal would give me enough bread and molasses along holding to the back of the wagon

I content. to feed children be should It dead. gazing her and her my was upon girl. through Gleaner everyto When

Israel benefit the the of of youth oldest child, For her bad companion, who leaders a lesson and both of a study

I if will that say President had Young her. been taken Just think from a of

vision the of caught havemembers eating asked little abstain to girl, any from eight year riding me old over mean, "gleaning"newwhat may particular of food or kind used ruts, in old covered rocks, through an drink—I

are possibleheights of inspiration in to asked say if he had sister holding wagon, to eat mush her. dead me in her

our discussion groups. For your girls and milk all my days—I would have arms for such a long time! I was too

164 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

ill to realize. I could only moan and the necessary translations and lessons "It isn't the way it usd to be,"said

cry. At last we reached a beautiful have been prepared and given in the one leaf to the other.

valley, there green flowers, where were leaf answered, the other "So "No,"Germanspeaking "Wegweisetr"-—the little trees. green birds and off comfallen we're The tonight us of have Sister Missions in many Guide. Schumann baited. grave left dug. pany was Mother branch."the our only ones almost on A the mission, Austrian a naGerman treasure chest from took our very to two going who's go never know "You

white sheets and gently wrapped my sistural leader and a splendid, capable next,"said the first leaf. "Even when

ter in them. There were no boards or young woman trained by Sister Valenit was warm and the sun shone, a storm

boxes, yet the brethren made a bed of tine, is giving excellent help and has or a cloudburst would come sometimes, leaves in the bottom of the grave and this work in charge in the German and many leaves were torn off, though placed the body in its resting place. A Austrian mission. But like all of us, they were still young. You never know

song, a prayer, a few wild flowers strewn she has much too much to do to give who's going to go next."

the shines sighed seldom on. and sun upon now,"mound we moved "The full justice. the work

ill it gives leaf, "I several very does for days, second was but when it "and following The I just as as at able soon have warmth. warmth was is taken from Sister nothe I walked We must

my mother's side, holding to her skirt Tadje's report of the Gleaner work in again."

for support. Mother's heart was broken, the Swiss German mission: "Can it be true,"said the first leaf,

it true, that to really others be come did she lips but "can complain. not Her

eighty hundred one have and had "We after places we're take gone in and our when continual strength. prayer for moved

girls the graduate BeeHive from work still others, the and and disease them more more?"day struck another One blow

feel this the year, of proud and we secis really the little "It true,"whispered to our company. mother and A

are have progress making. and made we leaf. to even can't begin her seven ond children died, leaving "We the

are orcontinually being swarms New it, it's our powers."imagine beyond ther a old. and years baby boy two Myfagirls truly appreciate the ganized and first sad,"the very "It added makes me as the mother took her baby and own

a such the to of opportunity belonging leaf. to sleep I put him me. with how Oh fine organization. first silent the awhile. were Then They I loved shall him. always remember

girls graduated the "These from who leaf herself, said quietly to must "Why the face look mother's she on cudwhen friends together BeeHive with work,... fall?"we dled in her the in evening arms him and

are years of 18 and over members who leaf happens asked, second "What The tears said face, with running her down age, the Girl Gleaner up now make fallen?"to us have we when it willed so'."'Cod

is in course, this membership. Of work..."sink down "We

girls stage, the pioneei the are taking but is under us?""What in of the The type book which it is the to a providing work, means and first "I answered, leaf don't know, The Gleaners "Treasures is to be of Truth"a of great friends of winning number another, thing, but one some say some

left preserved has been optional with interested otherwise be might not who knows."nobody

the girls. Individual groups "are makin the Gospel. The second leaf asked, "Do we feel

ing covers of tooled leather, raffia, em- "The girls who have done BeeHive anything, do we know anything about broidered linen, painted oilcloth, etc. work are so proud of the seals they have ourselves when we're down there?"

Many, however, have expressed a deearned, that we took it upon ourselves The first leaf answered, "Who knows?

to use incentive the same system as an ever all there has those of one down Not sire I. for leaf a loose in the book M.

girl activity. in Gleaner Gleaner Each tell it."to us about back come colors, green. gold A. and meet To a scrap has a binding book and upon silent again. the were Then They this order an placed demand has been in sheave writing scrap and her book, first to the other, leaf tenderly said "Don't

for such a book. On the green cover the girl receives one of the seals, which worry so much about it, you're tremblthe name "Treasures of Truth"and I am enclosing."ing."

the Gleaners emblem, a "G"with a "That's nothing,"the sectond leaf sheaf of wheat will be embossed in From far off Tasmania Sister Claranswered, "I tremble at the least thing gold. Perforated sheets 8 by 10, ice Sweet reports the activities of a now. I don't feel so sure of my hold as

either plain or with lines may be group of young women interested in I used to."

talk "Let's any not more about such says: Gleaner She work. purchased at your local dealers. introducing

first leaf. said the I. A. things,"with "I was delighted the M.

Handbook. It is certainly interesting The other replied, "No, we'll let be.

else talk shall about?"we the Reports Missions from But—what us, also beneficial to to the and and

little silent, after a went She but was on

I here. forlooking Mutual work am first?"will us of while go "Which is spreading. Gleaner work A receiving to contheTHE ward Manual still to of time plenty "There's worry years in the the few ago Mutuals

lessons the taining prepared Bro. by leaf her. that,"the assured about other field mission introduce began to more

it activities "Let's S. the also beautiful Bennion, was. remember Adam how the of the into ordepartment work the out wonderful, came sun when how the recreational of Gleanand program ganizations. Sister the In report of that so shone thought and warmly we ers, will feel benefit sure that and we

I. the in of D. Widtsoe Leah A. M. life. we'd with burst you remember? Do greatly thereby."

the European mission she says of And the morning dew, and the mild and

Gleaner work: The graduates of the splendid nights...."

BeeHive work in the German speaking The Two Leaves "Now the nights are dreadful,"the missions are progressing wellwith second leaf complained, "and there is no. Gleaner work. The Holland and Excerpts from Bambi end to them."

first shouldn't said the complain,"Schuster) "We and (Simon a missions Swedish Gleaner have few leaf gently. outlived "We've many, many Felix Salten girl are groups for Beetoo old who others."selling best the books of one "Bambi, (they think) Hive are and working I changed the asked "Have much?"is idyll season, the anexquisite of of an the with Gleaner program. More leaf second determinedly. shyly but is life. It a rarely beautiful story and imal

are groups in being espeformed, first more least,"the leaf the assured "Not deer, a the the about about and and woods her. cially I've only so think because in the leaders "You missions whose the the skies brooks and and meadows

got to it's so be ugly. yellow and But are interested in the work. do therefore, the forests; nature, We about and

different in case."your need trained in this help special some or wearisome, boresome, or nothing but

leaf the "You're fooling second me,"it."lull, or about draggy Readers Digest It auxiliary is necessarily work. slow

said. 1929. May "feel to have when we with our way"

first really,"leaf the "No, exclaimed falling the great leaves were from The loss interest consequent of of because eagerly, "believe as me, as you're lovely at edge. were oak the meadow's They mistakes or lack understanding. of the born. day there were Here you and all trees. falling the from

Sister excellent has Tadje done work little be a it's yellow spot may but hardly reached of the branch high oak One in preparing the outlines and courses above the others and stretched far out noticeable and only makes you handsomer, of study for the Germanspeaking misover the meadow. Two leaves clung to believe me."

sions. That is, through her initiative, its very tip. "Thanks,"whispered the second leaf,

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 165

quite touched. "I don't believe you, not

altogether, but I thank you because you're kind, so you've to always been kind me.

just beginning I'm to understand 6IRIS IDIEIPAII<FA\IENir JUNIOR how % ==================== are."kind you ===== Committee rr said leaf, "Hush,"the other kept and

silent herself for she was too troubled to Laura P. Nicholson, Chairman; Agnes C. Knowlton, Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard,

talk any more. Katie C. Jensen

Then they were both silent. Hours

passed.A moist wind blew, cold and hostile,

the treetops. through

"Ah, now,"said the second leaf, "I "Believing and Doing"Retold Story voice off. her broke Then..."She the retold story as fascinating study listed are for chapters January IS torn was her from THE place and spun down. girls to the the of Junior Departcalls XII, XI, XIII. Chapter XI Winter had come. it as possibly can be made? for special preparation part of ment the on

activity in the this is one a preparBecause girls—-chiefly

girls in the contest only which Junior attitude The New Year bothation leaderof mentaland and spiritual it is finals, that they hoped that this in order period be, as Church may above is an excerpt the "THE from it into enwill enter with joy and -*- text, stated in the to cherish "an hour Gleaner reading course book, "Bambi."It gives a suggestion of the in your memory."Unusual tact and thusiasm, and come out with flying

wistful loveliness of the book, which gentleness, yet firmness, may be necescolors when the Ward and Stake someone has called a prose poem, and sary, particularly at the beginning of Honor Days, followed by division and is but an indication of the beauty to the discussion, so that no disorder or Church events shall transpire.

be found throughout the entire volirrelevant matters may mar the spirit Always remember that the most inume. Good reading is a pursuit which of the occasion; at the same time care teresting person in a group is the one

is of infinite value, and for the year should be taken to prevent it from who can "spin a yarn."Children,

girl adults the all love and gift dawning one atadolescents each becoming whichnow happy too solemn—a tell story can and a good who knowsGleaner is give herself girl might the mosphere leadprevail. Class should

determination to read more and beters and girls in bringing other inciit well. We hope that all Junior girls

ter things. dents to class than those given should are attending the Retold Story section

be sure that they are entirely true in of the Tuesday Evening Activity Proevery detail. Several of those offered gram, if they are not needed elseAn Incident incurrences;the textencourageare extremelygirls simpleto tell ocin- where.the inspirationIn this ofwaythemanyspirit girlsof otherscatch

this activity. love and who know cidents this of this nature. Connect fine a young manRECENTLY right for sort story the of Finding discussion that with previously had to a state in neighboring went difficult. is particularly retelling not that, Chapter on and VIII even show asearch of employment. He was is in a each of us one of fund There a though person young be not may felt his that graduateuniversity and believe, ourselves truth and which we conscious of received having the Holy for a position betchances were much if reflects a story discover which we it Ghost, been in have manifest may in city largeter at a home. than

a carries bit truth, that of our which scarcely at recognized the a he very family from goodComing it is ideal joy, truth, the beauty of and in time danger, of fine difficulty in gettinghad no some incidentstime—protection right us. for story help in a etc. preparation ofletters task, his of as to recommendation

story, try not to memorize your Docharacter in the and standing comThe question indimay arise: May risk for the forgetting of then run youmunity.

viduals in other churches have it. it times, some of parts of for Read many of of to a bishop one He appealed

the wards in the city upon his arthese gifts? Yes; the Lord gives to then you get the spirit and style of

rival and was given a letter of introall who seek him in faith. But indithe writer; his characteristic language

duction to the head of a large busividuals may i be thus blessed even comes easily to you, and your delivery ness concern. though they do not belong to the true is natural rather than parrotlike.

Very much delighted with all this Church. These gifts are but one eviShort stories are easier to tell than

good luck the lad appeared before the dence of the Church of Christ; if they long ones which need cutting; it takes

to expert to an where and know how businessprominent applied and man are lacking that the we know Church lose cut a in such to none of way as a position.for fine, seeing the Upon cannot be divinely inspired; if are they the message. thehealthy appearance of boy, and present, for look we evimust other telling his should informal, very letters be excellentnoting The of recomdences organization, natural posture and easy. the handsmendation and his Use school record, teachings,also—priesthood,etc. little, to fall permitting very at deimpressed themman was greatly and

cided to give the boy a trial. After Chapters XII, XIII, XIV treat in the sides in a restful, relaxed position.

questioning him further he said, "My a simple way, the Book of Books, the Know the story, love it, and then

I seeboy, tell it belong to the you others, to famous try to and make Bible. all girls Encourage to bring

it saidMormons."true bpy it The was too. love think not them of an Do to class their Bibles; study thethat he of came parent- "Mormon"a as title audience formidable of uncrowd pages of the both and Old TestaNewage, but into he had come out now people, sympathetic instead think but

the world to make a name for himments, see that quite a clear underof each one as an understanding person self and be somebody and felt he had standing is obtained of the main points who has come to hear you tell your quite outgrown Mormonism. The in "how we got our Bible,"and most story because it was sure to be interman dismissed him by saying he did important of all, awaken a love for esting. Speak to them conversationnot have room for a man who had the book by dwelling upon some of ally, and your storytelling will be a

outgrown his religion. the lovely stories, beautiful passages, success. Have religion? you outgrown your

inspired teaching. After these three to lift gladBe say, your voice and

"I am proud of my birthright, proud evenings, your girls should know their Our Spring Festival of my heritage, proud and thankful sacred books better than before and HPHIS annual event for Junior Girls desire shouldfor blessed the privilege to become yet more of marching a lovely * should be affair—somein the familiar ranks of the Latterday Saints. with it. it thing so fine that will be remembered

166 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

girls. thealways be held expect by and of our Daughters"It may we her Class Activity—The Retold either a event,as stake responded with daughter but or ward "What own

should provide for participation of all we owe our Mothers."There was Story

the girls. Junior leaders will find it group singing of M. I. A. and other For Jan. 6th and Feb. 3rd

a good plan to begin now to appoint songs written for the occasion. For

committees arrangements, provided each the program, on ward program one INas orderpossibleto ingivetheasretoldmuchstory,trainingthe etc.,refreshments, writes, leader if the Festival is to Junior number. The

be the finest party of the Mutual year. "I am sure that the memory of that Travelogue has been postponed until

Work out details which reach A party will linger long in the hearts of March.

Standard in every respect. the mothers and daughters present. I

Several most delightful affairs of am also firmly convinced that there Suggestions for "A"Standard in this kind were given last year. The will be a closer understanding and Retold Story

ideas used in others help might between those mothers to companionship you of kind right finding of the Thearrange satisfactorily the Spring more and daughters."

difficult a retelling for is not storiesFestival will which you be holding each in is of truth a fund Thereduring the month of April. Report of Work in Granite task.

carries that find a story Let us of us.

Stake a truth, if possible. Grant Stake

Stake of Granite Girls Junior live told being up story the Does THE in Junior this Festival staker"FHE their are pleased Mutual with joy? truth, beauty, ideal and of to our * a delightfully affair. was unique Discussion in season, this both work itself essay, in poetry, reveals TruthEach ward group emphasized the It gives someActivity them work. and story. andtravelogue idea representing dif- a by it in alive to keeps do; thing good the run not Do ferent country. Japanese, for The memorize—you ancestors, their ideals noble the of them forgetting. risk ofexample, lovely wore kimonos, and the in with holds them harmony and three the times or story two Read the table beautiful a was with proIt affords them spirit Gospel. the of truth; then the find before you youfusion of cherry Rice, blossoms. telling, story leadership, in training spirit style writer, get the the of and eaten sticks, with chop other and drama. music and his to of language and type you comes typical foods of the land the formed

is instead delivery natural of your Project Ourmenu.

parrotlike. color Hawaii extremely interesting was radiate of sunbeams Flowers

easier stories are long than Short girls thewith in the native dreary turn,and costume sweetness. and They

It takes stories to need which be cut. the table strip a having grass beauty. of to of life a runand chamber room

cut. expert to to where an know entire thening length, a for rest tiny lemon thoughts moment, our and They

telling in be very should The trees itorange at inter- a of part at dotting palm as them, and look we vals. In the center a mirror served their charm creeps into our work. formal; posture natural.

little, permitting very hands Use as a of lake, with miniature canoes replace black and the grey and They restful, to fall at sides in natural them tiny natives living shiny surface. on its for imagination our weary The salad was served in cocoanut shellpinks and crimsons and lavenders and position—forget them.

halves, and was a delicious accomblues. They feed the souls of those Introduction should be short, conpaniment to the roast pig, rice, etc., who understand them, for, indeed, clusion short and pleasant.

which were representative of the countime sprinkled with flowers is a colorAvoid being dramatic. try's menus. ful mixture. Watch the voice—it should be

Ireland, with its green crystal table In connection with the Project: pleasing to the ear; the eyes should

service and costumes for the girls made Appreciation of the Beautiful Through reflect the words uttered by the mouth.

a most pleasing sight, while Germany, the Raising of Flowers and to make it The body should rest easily, notHolland, France, Switzerland and seem more alive, the Junior Girls are slouchily—study poise.

others showed careful study of the participating in a flowerraising conThe book called "The Spoken customs of each land, and made the test. Tulips, hyacinths, narcissi and Word,"by John Henry Evans, price

whole scene deeply impressive. The other bulb flowers will be entered, 50c at Deseret Book Company, is a

entertainment consisted of each group these having been planted already in good reference book.

In turn presenting a wellarranged pots, as they require five weeks to take "stunt,"all together furnishing an root. Suggested List of Stories

evening will contest the of sociability and charm long combination of The Lost The Word, Van Dyke. to be remembered. take will be a Flower which Show, Other The Wise Man, Van Dyke. in the 29th, 1931, place January

Logan Stake Granite Stake Tabernacle. Prizes will The Mansion, Van Dyke.

Festival 1930 Spring of entriesHTHE best for the given the be and to the stoi.Where Love Is There God Is Also, TolGirls -*- Junior stake entries. of Logan was the having most ward

S. Three Things, The R. AnMary a inspiring truly occasion, with two Dance Our drews. twentyfive girls theirhundred and

Girls Stake of our have Junior The J. Call, Era, Poulson, Vol. Ezra The alternately seated the atmothers long

a a 1-923. Junior given which was Dance Oct., 26. p. 1112, tables. consisting luncheon, The the stage of success. decorated with We Life, Grant, for E. Carter Ted's Race cocktail, fruit loaf, salad, potato meat

letter also roses the made and had "J"Era, Vol. 30. 1927, Aug. rolls, cake, icecream hot and was

will proceeds roses. of Part the of Carter E. Tear, Grant, Mother's The girl cost each delicious only (and 60c

care of to take "Spring used our be Sept. Era, Vol. 30. 1927,

. herself for handmother) and A a Daughters'banquet of and Mothers Heloise Merkley, Mar. D. Famine, The rose, like a kerchief, to look made

hall. in stake to given banquet, be our Journal, 147. p. Vol. 1927, 38, at plate each the mother. of was The

placecards were white with a rose Our Dress The Wife of Joseph, Jas. H. Anderson,

painted on them, the leader and girls We are planning to have our girls May Journal, 1927, Vol. 38, p. 311.

having made both favors and cards. wear white sweaters with the letter

Tables were decorated with bridal- J in rose color. These sweaters can Many beautiful stories may be

wreath and rosetulips, and flowers be bought at the Salt Lake Knitting found in back numbers of the Era were in abundance everywhere. DurStore (270 West 1st North, Salt Lake and Journal-—also in the Book of

ing the meal a mother talked on "What City) for a very reasonable price. Mormon and Bible.

The Improvement Era for January9 1931 167

ley a could deserve marker to show VANGUARDS SCOUTS IDIEIPT. village of Indianola in the same vallittle the bravery of a company Committee =—=->Sk militia from Salt Lake City which keptof

Dr. George R. Hill, Jr., and Charley R. Mabey, Chairmen; Nicholas G. Smith, German E. a large body of Indians at bay and

Ellsworth, LeRoi C. Snow, Ernest P. Horsley thereby saved their own lives, as well

as the lives of fellow citizens until help could be sent from Sanpete Valley. Another monument might be

I this connection, have been reor west the site bank of the oldTN in Gooderected the meadows, immediately

J* quested to to point out year Fort, the youths of that the "braves"young north of Mayfield, in Sanpete County, modern Israel places of interest conof Weber County gather loads, of rock Utah, where young Peter Ludvigsen nected with the pioneers and the early and build an artificial island in the was killed and mutilated by Indians settlements of Utah. Four monuWeber, surmounted by a monument. at the outbreak of the Black Hawk

ments have already been erected on 1 would, suggest aliso that suitable war, April 10, 1865. Ephraim

the Mormon Pioneer Trail, to wit; markers be put up designating the loshould have at least two monuments

one, a short distance east of Lyman, cations of Brown's Fort (adjacent to erected, one to designate the first atWyoming, another at the point where the Goodyear Fort), Mound Fort, tempt made at that place to "fort in"the Utah pioneers crossed Bear River Farr's Fort and Bingham's Fort. as z protection against the Indians,

(about 1 1 miles southeast of EvansThe exact location of the first fort which effort suggested the name of ton, Wyoming), a third, near the erected by the, pioneers of Brigham "Fort Ephraim,"now the prosperous head of Echo Canyon and a fourth at City, Box Elder County, Utah, is town of Ephraim, Sanpete County, the mouth of Emigration Canyon, known, and that site, it seems to me, and another to mark the site where where President Brigham Young utshould be marked in a suitable manthe Kuhre family was murdered by Intered the memorable words "This is ner. A monument might, I think, dians Oct. 17, 1865. A monument

the place"as he gazed upon the Valalso be erected in Wellsville, noting might also be erected on the ridge in ley of the Great Salt Lake for the the first settlement in Cache Valley. Sevier Valley, between Richfield and

first time. In addition to this.pioThen there is Franklin, the first Glenwood where three white people

neer monument, I would suggest that AngloSaxon settlement in Idaho, were cruelly murdered by Indians, some kind of a monument be erected which for many years was supposed March 21,.1867. And we must not

on the socalled Eighth Ward Square, to be within the boundaries of Utah, forget the brave Elijah Barney Ward, where the City and County.Building settled in 1860. a mountaineer, who preceded President

now stands, marking the place where If we go farther beyond the limits Brigham Young's company, of piothe first plowing was done in Great of our own State, there are still standneers to Utah, who, together with

Salt Lake Valley. Another monuing the walls of old Fort Limhi, where others, was killed by Indians in Sament near the northeast corner of the a colony of Latterday Saints made a lina Canyon, April 10, 1865. A

Temple Block designating the spot temporary settlement in 1855, known monument has already been erected where water was 'turned,upon the as the Salmon River Mission. designating the place where the brave

the beginning soil, signifyingthirsty J. and Captain comGunnison W. faces our eastward, Turning beyond race the AngloSaxon irrigationof by in Indians panions were murdered by borders the of State, a our monuown western Amerof regions arid thein as farther go 1853. Then, we erected site be the might ment of on be should ica. monument Another built south, to a be ought monument located Supply, Fort Old which was Creek Mill of the mouth nearerected pioneer in the Parowan, which was miles about southeast 12 of Fort mill flouring first the whereCanyon, Utah. southern in settlement The Bridger, the and which honor would in 1848. erected inbuilt was Utah first in raised place cotton where was first pioneers at the attempt made who

Pioneer the that It is well also known be honored might Utah's Dixie is in State farming the of what now is the place Salt of City LakeSquare a marker. sort of some by Wyoming. southward from Going

the spent pioneers the of Utahwhere small Salt at already has ruins the fort been City Lake of a monument A of most of andwinter 18471848 in erected Salt Creek Canyon, should Utah, Juab Grand County, Moab, them also the winter of 18481849, also have, attention. It was here that County, on the spot where a number

Fort, but would socalled Old thein of emigrants Inwere massacred Mission socalled the by Mountain Elk sigthe andit importance to add not dians, there 4, then Jan. in 1858, but established where and 1855, was

if approprisquare, an thenificance of is Springs, Oct. the tragedy of killed Uintah missionaries the of were two

thereon, erected wereate monument 1, site present the of 1853, on others Indians Founand and by wounded the center of in the instance, forsay tain lives. Sanpete Green, their the rest County, where barely escaped with

first liberty pole was the wheresquare killed several Inwere white (the there by Fort is old Then, men Utah

Stars the where inerected and Utah a for suitable place monuwhich Provo) of commencement dians—a the to unfurled Stripes wereand ment. a be monument, with honored might the of loyalty thebreeze, showing limits of the place also the within and also might erected Monuments be their flag of the to pioneersUtah first battle of the City, where Provo in first the of honor carriers mail whocountry. Inplace between importance took risked their lives in instances many

it be not northward, Going would dians in 1850. whites good and The in keeping postal open communication

appropriate if a monument were erectcitizens of Pleasant Grove have albetween the isolated settlements in the ed in honor of Perrigrine Sessions, ready built a small monument at the heart of the Rocky Mountains and who was the first white inhabitant on mouth of Battle Creek Canyon, descivilization on the east and west.

the present site of Bountiful, Davis ignating the place where the first Neither should the brave pony exCounty, in 1847? skirmish took place between whites press riders be forgotten, though it

The old Goodyear Fort, within the and Indians in Utah, in February, might be hard to decide at which parlimits of the present city of Ogden, 1849. A monument might also be ticular points markers should be

bas been washed away by the Weber erected in Thistle Valley, in Sanpete placed honoring the courage and enRiver, but the exact location is County, where the Given family were durance of these boys who, in the inknown. I would suggest that if the so cruelly murdered during the Black terest of civilization rode as fast as

liver cannot be changed a little in its Hawk Indian war, May 26, 1865, and horse flesh could carry them, the whole course, so as to make either its east another place adjacent to the little distance between the Missouri River 168 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

in the east and the Pacific coast in the ments but that we were endeavoring ust for the three Canadian stakes, at west. to teach the youth of the land to honor which approximately 1,500 people

Many other places might be menthe pioneers of Utah and their own were in attendance, a very pleasant the program was held around fact age evening scenes old astioned events fathers and mothers-—-in of important

campfire. and imAn interesting to us, early historyin f the in a general of Utah. way. Hence, who

I suggest that the youth of the Latare advanced in years, it is a very pressive feature of this program was terday Saints, should show an expleasing feature to notice that the Boy the presentation of a silk American ample to all other Boy Scouts of Scouts of Utah are taking steps toflag, which had been brought from the in the to England, Jamboree World putting wards their markers forebears and erecting upAmerica, honoring by

S. Scout official, BackCanadian W. historic places on in our monuments bravely overcame fought andwho so

response, In Mr. man. made Backman state. ultigreat inlanddifficulties dangers were and and

interesting expressive remarks, a few the successful in establishingmately the friendship appreciation of of and house""halfway MountainRocky TwentyFirst Our other, the countries for each and two at Great the the East and Westbetween further the as expression Anniversary a following will always City.Salt Lake They letter to written KirkOscar A. was to 14th, 8th February 1931 that of feel to proud occasionhave

flag: the presented ham, had who the under pioneers who, ofnoble band 8th, Anniversary February and last the the Day Alberta meeting of "At President of Brigham leadershipable

Scouts'Provincial the of Council AsScout Sunday. Boy of the grand "hop"madeYoung, flag silk sociation, the as Nation, of your himself Scout Every to recommits River Missouri the miles from1,000 will esteem of token and your good own the nearly Scout Oath and Law. As there Valley and Salt histo Lake that at Great presented toto Canada, me as possible atto 8 the m., p. Troop toric in gathering inFathers of great and Sons of nucleus our theformed tends in a church Scout sermon. body. the accepted Park, Waterton National was civilization, has whichtermountain the th 12 on Scout Emphasis Law. spirit in the presented in same which you and well earned now renowngained

it. I as repeated the remarks you made throughdistinction enviable th,enjoys 9 February School Monday, Day. raised aloft stars in stripes the you and

piothese and the world wholeout first aid of Demonstrations by this 'next to that way, country your own neers the very best and most successScouts in the School. Special drills. you revered the beloved land of Canada,

ful empirefounders—Andrewknown in history.Jenson. Scoutsstration servebeforeasParentTeachersmonitors. DemonAsso- andemblemas yourof yourflag homeland,was to youas theit toucheddearest

life heartstrings so of deepyour own ciation. Emphasis on safety and

its Scout lythe associations in the letter written with Jamboree by was following The safety. Installation for of safety work all the hisand request that of of the memories at many Jenson,Brother Andrew

Patrols. toric nations, gathering of so wanted you do not Committee.the Vanguard We

able better to select of anyoneknow places February 10th, Tuesday, Sponsors'toformedcementin Conada.'the many friendships you had Jenson. Brother interest than historicalof

Next month he has promised us similar Day. "The cheers that greeted the scene will

material relating to the Indians who were Scouting and the parent institution. be a happy memory to me. The Alberta

prominent in the early history of the great Invite all members to be present for a Provincial Council express their appreciaWest. Scout evening. Demonstration of tion of your work at the camp, and welScoutcraft. Suitable addresses and come you to future Scout gatherings in

of years ago, when, as other program features. Exhibit of Alberta."

oriental steamScout handicraft, Merit Badge work, (Signed) W. S. Backman.ANUMBERa passenger on an er, I passed up the Red Sea, my attenetc.

a range to of mountion was drawn The Scout sailing February 11th, Wednesday, Internaas right tains we were on our

Day. Suez tional of the the south endup towards WELL! Focus the attention of Scouts on mighty extended range mountain ThisCanal. What rush—of this world's

along, or near, the eastern shore of the the true meaning of World BrotherIts speed to its great, final goal,

Red Sea for about 150 miles, and from hood and its potential value to world With heaving and plunging and push the summit of this long range, a numpeace. If possible, a pageant in inPast mortal man's reach of control;

ber of lofty peaks pointed heavenward ternational costume. Speeches about Of children swept on in this whirl,

making a beautiful picture as seen Scouting in other countries. Indian Who look but for fun and for joy

against the clear blue sky. One of demontration. Yes! What of the sweet, priceless girl,.

bright, noble the boy? of what And travpassengers, had fellow whoour Citizen's 12th, February Thursday,

Orient, drew the in considerably eled Mobilization and Day. Day tenderest youth, in This, Mother, tallest of to the attention specialour in mobilize Scouts formal demonpray; earnestly children to Guide that that explained peaks,these and

in in stration place outpublic which truth, trust His love and and God To nor nothing more pinnacle waslofty citizens cooperate. standing high safe start the only way. them A Thus Sinai, which less upon old than Mount in point course Anniversary Week. honest Father, your Make, own thundered he descendedthe when Lord son. unstained for your Example the in ten commandments theout 13th, Friday, Parent February and best the here's Scoutmaster, Then,

Israel, the of Childrenhearing of who Day. Home source,

the of foot the near campedwere in turns the Scouts do home. good career begun. well Scout A Boy side. Inthe inlandmountain, on for the night Parent banwith Troop

stantly that particular commandment, quet. Father and son features. EmHe enters the contest keeneyed,

"Honor thy father and thy mother phasis on parent cooperation and other Is "ready,""prepared,"heart and that thy days may be long in the land suitable activities. Overnight camp hand;

that the Lord, thy God, giveth thee"with fathers and sons. Finds "good turns"on every side,

came to my mind. February 14th, Saturday, Outdoor And does them not waiting command.

As a member of the Old Folks CenDay. His flag for true service unfurled

tral Committee, of long standing, I Means "cheerful, brave, generous, dehave always been interested in that Hands Across the Boundary vout."

particular commandment, and have Line His weight will help balance the realized that we, as members of said world!

only Fathers'of the the occasion not were committee, honoring UPON last entertainheld outing and Sons'the old folk*! Augby our own Success to—hulaeach "Trustworthy"Greene Richards.Scout.

...

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 169

of BeeHive work.

BEEHIVE GIIIRJLS DEPARTMENT'testsIn areadditionrecommendedto this talk,as follows:other conScrap-Book, = Committee FolkDance.

Songs. Original Stunt and Swarm

Folsom, F. Clawson, Glenn J. Beeley, Marie C.Sarah R. Cannon, Chairman; Catherine Vida years for some was The scrapbook Elsie T. Brandley Thomas,

a Churchwide contest, but the response became so extensive that it was deemed wise to limit it to stakes. SugCalendar for January but it may be that the girls are anxious gestions are to be found in the new

to get started on their preparations. A BeeKeeper's book, page 129, on the

Builders in the Hive oneact play is suggested as the most scrapbook. It fills cell No. 508.

desirable form of entertainment which The folkdance is a lovely thing January 6—Guide 14—Triangular this group might offer, and below is a for BeeHive girls, and fills a part of

Bandages. list of oneact plays suitable for their cell No. 428 or 429. The dances

use. the be obtained These from may this suggested for year are: Hungarian, January 13-—Guide 15—Honor

Office, Bishop's General 33 Board Grief Kate.Womanhood. and Sweet Dance

a each. at cost Building, of 10c is first simple can more and The planfor your—January 20—Open

girls easily this learned at be by new incomplete (Finish andning. work 25 min.—Unselfishness—Time, thing. other, type of while notfill The * cells.) characters

is difficult, a little requires longer and of January Friendship min. 25 Time, 17—Life 27—Guide——4 careful out. study more working andthe Bee. characters.

the dances, of music, Copies with 30 Rainbow The Seekers—-Time,

the Testament: Old sheets, sent From mimeographed will be on characters.* 7 min.—request. Address upon BeeHive ComFaces 22. Club Chapter and Abraham the Facts—Time, Isaac—Gen., mittee, Salt Bishop's Building, 33 Into Sold Joseph Chapcharacters.* 30 Egypt—Gen., Themin.—7 self- a City, stamped, send Lake andters 40, 48. 37, 39, The 25 min.—Conspiracy—Time, addressed envelope. Samuel, Chapter and David characters. 5 Goliath—I

are espeStunt songs and swarm Stars of 12 the Twilight—Time, cially valuable for use and on hikes 17.Ruth—Book min.

at parties. Esther—Book ofof Ruth.Esther. Enter Rosie—Time. 15 min.—

From the New Testament: characters.

Stake Weber are short, and lastnamed two The 10:25The Good Samaritan—Luke a of put could program on one be37.

Clara Herrick Grace of Ogden First duration. Conversion Chaphalf-hour's The of Saul—Acts, stake, ward, completed Weber 365ter 9.

From the Book of Mormon: Contest Events for BeeHive cellsstitutedin workBeeHivein thework.fields Thisof PublicconService, Religion, Domestic Home, Girls

the in Incidents Nephi. Nephi—-I of Art and Doors. Out of Conversion Chapfact Girls the lifeAlma—Mosiah,of that go BeeHive HHHE She earned merit has Beeher andter 27.

as as far in the Stake only comrequire Line extra ten badges which 1719. Chapters King Lamoni—Alma, petitive events has in seemed no way field. cells in each second She the won ChapSamuel Lamanite—Helaman, their interest to enthusidiminish and placeters in 1316. scrap the Stake book Weber

A Manifestation of Power—Helaman, asm in past years. For this year there contest.

Chapter 5. are several lines of activity suggested

this stimulate should for contest, and Minidoka Stake BeeHive still first further. The Lost Word, Van Dyke. participation The

Dyke. Man, Wise Other Van The Day Swarm is talk the fiveminute event suggested

Dyke. Mansion, Van The

subjects: following of the on one Is Is in There Also, TolOver 150 Love People Participate God Where

Cell Cycle of Life (Foundation Thestoi. Receive Festivities—Many

2, for Gatherers of Honey) The Three Things, Mary R. S. AnNo. Awards for Work.

drews. The Word of Wisdom (Foundation

The Locusts and The Seagulls, etc., Cell No. 9 for Gatherers of Honey). A NNUAL BeeHive Swarm Day forfrom History of the Church. BeeHive Symbolism (See chapters ** Minidoka Stake, Church of Jesus

on this subject in BeeKeeper's Book). Christ of Latterday Saints, held in

Activities for BeeHive Girls The BeeHive Plan (The girls'Rupert Saturday at the First Ward

Handbook has this outlined in the chapel and Recreation hall was particiapproximately is perin by 150 of itself BeeHive first part) pated programTHE a large receivsons with group of girls that for of activities, one and reason the Mass Participation outline Life of the Bee (Based on Maetering graduation certificates from the for the ward has made no particular linck's version) Gatherer's group, a number having provision for these girls. With March The fact that the first two named merit badge awards and a class of over

1 7, on which date the Ward Honor are foundation cells for Gatherers of fifteen receiving 14 bee lines each, this

Day is scheduled, the program turns Honey should not in the least diswork being the result of the first year girls yet entered have not of Builders'group. who a differentinto of decourage channel—one as the prepare that rank, they may exhibit activitypartment and contest preparof homecraft was made An

ations, and in this the BeeHive girls paper now and apply it on their work by the various wards, the articles of have a part. There will be one entire in the next rank. This event will be handicraft being attractively displayed

halfhour in which the BeeHive girls of peculiar importance in clarifying in in the First Ward Recreation hall.

will have the opportunity of appearing the minds of girls and their friends The program work and graduation before the rest of the M. I. A. to preand parents the fundamental beauties exercises were held in the chapel unsent a program. In the February Era *These plays are recommended especially, as der direction of the Bee Keepers of

detailed suggestions will be published, they require a larger number of participants. the various wards.

170 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

In the contest work Florence dren of the rich and upon the typical worker population have been notably

Ravenscraft, Rupert Second ward, recity dwellers, like the salesmen and good. In this country, at any rate, it

ceived first place in the retold story, merchant group in the larger centers, is out of that worker population that giving O. Henry's "The Gift of the and yet find the balance very strongly we are continually recruiting the folk

Magi."in its favor, if, as I believe, its effects who actually run the country."Following a picnic lunch at noon upon certainly 80 per cent of the—Henry Dennison.

with games and recreation stunts, a—KKeJs0l

program beginning at 2:30 was given

consisting of dialogues, short talks,comedy skits, a pantomime and a M. I. A. Monthly Report of

Spirit ofspecial pageant, "The the Accomplishments, 1930 First ward, with RupertHive,"from a chorus of girls from Rupert Second ward giving singing numbers, was also presented. O T3 W Bo5h: = 2 v -g CO ho, A dialogue was given by Acequia

Brother;"Ideal comedyward, "The

S >.2 skits, S-* Y2. and Ford""ft Old "The "Dem E-2 K—o=E ro= u3, d W—3 3=5. a J)3 Slippers,"Golden Ward; Heyburn o O O f = xn a-00. ZLJ Z<.2g z,5d ward, Paulpantomime, Romance,""A

Y.L. Y.M.| | Y.L. Jt. Jt. Jt. 1 Jt. Y.L. Y.M. | Y.L ward. of talk Hazeltonand a short Alberta 11 9 9 1 Y.M.. 6 | Y.M. 7 9 65 7 | 2

The events of the day were particiBannock 8 5 4 3 4 2 4 81 5 35 11 Lake 11 7 9 5 5 8 72 4 10 girls in the ofpated by BeeHive BearBear River 12 3 6 12 9 10 11 11 8 7 8 80 10 4 to 14 16 years. aged fromgroups Benson 14 8 13 5 8 1 GO 8.... 7 13

5 3 2 34 2 2 2 2 1 certificates classes receiving The "1 and BeaverBig 1 3 6 Horn 4 3 4 4 60 2 in forpresentedmerit badges were Blackfoot 7 14 11 11 1 9 6 78 8 8 6 8 6 1 8 62 8 7 8 5 8 2 Stake the and Cache BeeKeepermation by 8 Carbon 5 5 4 5 4 5 3 100 5 Mrs.awards Lionel May, made by Cassia 6 6 4 4 6 6 1 5 4 26

9 Cottonwood 8 7 3 8 9 3 9 50 of the board. Stakemember

8 Curlew.... 10 2 1 1 1 2 2 2

Deseret 11 7 6 4 6 2 3 34 7 51 Uintah Stake Swarm Day East Jordan.... 10 9 8. 5 5 5 5 92 9 5

8 Ensign 6 5 8 7 5 20 7 5 the Beeannual day for swarm 4 11 11 9 7 8 7 6 75 11 Stake girls ofTHEHive Emery 9 4 5 2 2 6 4 3 75 6 4 the Uintah was Franklin 1 8 5 Garfield 3. 5 91 2 2

held at the Maeser chapel. Each year Granite 10 9 5 7 6 1 5 75 9 43

at this time, the girls who have comGrantGunnison 147 147 36 11 123 13 135 27 114 2070 127 48 pleted their ranks are promoted and Hollywood 12 12 11 11 9 8 ii 11 4 6 9 85 12 S receive their awards. The girls, with IdahoIdaho Falls.... 126 106 44 55 82 51 19 8335 106 25

their mothers as special guests, and Kolob 5 5 4 5 4. 1 1 5

the ward BeeHive leaders and officers, LehiLethbridge 86 36 36. 6 35 36. 5 16 36 100100 26 22

were received by Maeser BeeHive Liberty 12 12 4.... 12 11 7 7 89 11 7

5 9 7 8 11 8 3 9 8 80 Logan asGirls the into ushered were and 8 2 6 67 10 10 5 10 8 8 Los Angeles hall, the were where wardssembly 4 3 Lost 1.... 3 River........ 2 1 3 1

grouped, each ward being designated Malad 9 6 4 6 5 4 40 9 7 by a different kind of cap. From here MillardMinidoka 86 6 56 2 26 51 3 3 23 7575 5 53

3 5 9 7. 5 6 7 7 6 80 Moapathey into the banquet were ushered

'11 4 6 13 10 11 7 52 7 2hall, at seated they were where,. 2 4 5 2 3 3 a long MontpelierMoroni 4 4 88

5 5 74 5 3 5 4table adorned with vases 4. of flowers. Sanpete 4 A North

.... 1 1 3 5. 1 2 100 Sevier.. 3 North to one banquetsumptuous was served

. 6 6 35 2 13 7 8 7 North 14 13 Weber..

hundred and thirtyfive guests. Mrs. Palmyra 8 6 7 5 1 5 25 8 5

............ 2 2.... 10 2 2 stake Cook, beekeeper, was in PanguitehNora

"""""* Parowan 116 26 2 "4 "5 of thecharge program. 3 Pioneer 5 1 """"50 "e '1

8 Pocatello 7 7 9 5 5 9 9 8 8 10 91 close folthe the of banquet At the 6 4 6 60 7 7 4 7 1 Portneuf 5 in presentedlowing program was 4 1 1 9 3 3 1 the Roosevelt 4 75..... 4 6 1 4 7 St. 9 7 5, George -singing, hall:assembly Community

5 3 5 9 32 3 4 Shelley 6 7 solo.violin beekeeper, stake The. 8 7 6 3 "b 74 Davis.... 8 7 South

3 61 4 6 6 2 6briefly Sanpete explained BeeHive and South work 6. 7 7 6 1.... 62 7 90. 7 7 Sevier.. South 8 followingthe purpose Day, of Swarm 2 6.... 4 40 4 6, 4 3 13 Summit

which the project was demonstrated Sharon 7 5 2 4 5 1 4 47 5 2 by Vernal First ward girls; The spirit SaltSan LakeJuan 133 132 28 8 111 113, 1....8 19 5072 123 121

of the hive, and demonstrations on Sevier 8 8 5 7 6 1 2 75 7 7 making of beds and first aid treatments, TaylorSt. Johns 66 36 26..... 15 24.. *—23 6175 36 23

Naples; oneact play, "As a Girl Teton 7 7 4 4 3 2 3 65 4 3

6 5 10Eats,"Glines; Cello solo, oneact play Tooele

8 7 Uintah 3. 44 45.. 41 53 5660 76 24

"Weeds,"Maeser; "Foolish QuesUtah 9 9 3 9 7 3 5 88 8 5

. 9 6 7 3 9 7 9 4 100 Wasatchtions,"Vernal Second Ward. "4

.. 6 4 3 4 4 4 30 2 2 Wayne It event, inspirational an and was 9 9 4 7 6 6 68 9 4 Weber

. 6 4 8 4 4 64 4 8 7 Jordan.. 9 i 8 thewill be West of drawing means moth-

.... 4 2 84 4 3 3 3 4 2 Woodruffers! closer daughters as together and

.... -.- 1 7 10 3 Yellowstone 6 3 52 4

.... girls aswell the impressing 6 the 3 7 7 "7 6 7 upon 81 2 Zion Park 7

7 38 12 19 19 16 22 Calif. Mission 90 21 20 3 18 ofimportance

4 3 8 6 5 5 4 States 6 60—..'living in accordance Eastern

their ideals.with 10 10 13 14 12....12 6 13 72 Northwestern 1—

1<K<gSl>- The regular report does not indicate all of the splendid activities that are being put over in reported following for of the achievements stakes the have November month Many parties, carnivals, bazaars, threeact enforcement oneact shows, law and road parties, parties, missionary teachers'banquetsJ-J"Tgranthas seemedevery claimto methatthatprohibitionwe could thesuccessfulplays,stakes.officers'and and and manywas having very ill effects on the chilreport having held very successful Thanksgiving Balls. stakes

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 171

Community Activity Department SOMETHING TO I [Continued from page 160] 20% of the Vanguards or 20% of pose of contests is not the winning, THINK ABOUT!

a IMPROVINGthe retold Girls the story present WHEN participation, but Junior this for OR and BUILDING is reason a season, the activityduring system to into be put new? Steelsreei Soulesome (Steel(Steel peSpe- & Sash—sasu—cialties), Parsons effect Puraire the for present season Com. which Contests: (b) Churchwide Unit,.Kitchen p Rolscreens X. le*? in the culminates stake and ward honor of Pella, Reese Flcxo Seal Metal Girl or havJunior Vanguard Any

Strips days, Weather the followed meets. division by ining reached Standard Retold "A"Be SAVE FUEL Comfortable & roll plan for provides This an honor the participatedStory, in and having Unit Door y Rylock—the in each ward, will on read which be Loek, Rubber activity seathe during programward ImprovedTile—Sinks—Floors &"Proofing Water Concrete, and all the of names participated have who eligible shall to theson be appear on Hardeners. It will to pay you in activities in any the during way call or write free for J nowStake to parprogram and Honor Day particulars prices and year. &ticipate in further conChurch-wide

tests. On Stake Honor Day, two kinds of j R. E. Brewer Co., Inc. &

awards will be made: the (1) in Participation conChurch-wide

to pennant those Mass o 135 So. BuildingMain, SaltSpecialtiesLake City, Utah c wardstests Stake beyond the Honor Day Participation

shall in all cases be determined by the having 75% of their membership parvotes of all stake participants in the ticipating in activities, and (2) acevent concerned. Suggestions regardtivity pennants in various lines

ing the method of conducting this (Drama, Dancing, Speech, Story and to be awarded the wardsvoting will be given in the February Music), reached in PEWS which have "A"StandardEra.

activities. requirements The for Pulpits Awards for Activity these

are explained above. "A"Standard

Achievements Special is recognition to be acCHAIRS past years first have been corded no awards place secondTN and winners Folding,* to participants in contests in made each unin division this all events, rectil the finals in Salt Lake City, at ognition to be made by the General Kindergarten which time first and second place winBoard, and these winners are to be and Opera ners in every event have been preconsidered the Church winners. CerBank, Office, Church and Store

sented with pins, by the General tain ones will be asked to appear on Fixtures

Board. vital plan has lacked a This conference the June program, but DiSalt Lake Cabinet &element, for frequently vision almost groups will the Winners have reached

as good as those who have won have top. Watch the February Era for Fixture Company

of necessity been eliminated, and no detailed announcement and explanaWrite32 Richardsus for Streetprices honor has been given them. The purtion of the awards.

Winter Term Starts January 5

ASSEMBLY ROOM

School occupies onefourth acre floor space, with ten light, well ventilated class rooms and three offices.

Obtain your Business Training in a school with a national reputation. We give

a thorough training in the shortest time possible and place you as soon as qualified.

See our School in Session—Visitors welcome. Call, Write or Phone for Information.

HENAGER'S BUSINESS COLLEGE Phone Was. 2753 D. B. MOENCH, Mgr. 45 E. Broadway

BEST EQUIPPED SCHOOL IN INTERMOUNTAIN TERRITORY 172 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

TOLL {Continued from page 152] Tour honor, and he could see war clouds "What's going on?"shouted

of the scouts near enough to hear and the engine. "Patronage f gathering on the faces of several Gerald, above the din of the scout

his remark to Brick. "The kid, he was snoopin'into

Has Made 1930 cockthe engine,and letanda gobgot holdof steamof a intopethis roared, the mit,"fireman "you A Very Successful into the ferryTiHEwithboysthe joyousnessstampeded better pests the outa keep your

Year and awkwardness of spring lambs. engine room. I can't run a day

passengers other were There few nursery and a engine too."I at that hour, gave so Gerald them

virtual freedom of the boat while sat chair a folding canvas on Brick caught GERALD& May We Express Our I he stern the slack of his clothes balanced by the deck and on and

Appreciation and Exthe troop's finances. The water propelled him upstairs. Brick was

rent/ Our Best Wishes of Puget Sound, smooth and opalcrazed with pain and had to be

For a Prosperous J escentthe lightas silk,morningshonefog.milkilyTheunderboat urgedmore inspeedthe thanright gentleness,direction withfor

19 3 1 moved smoothly. From time to every minute he kept the hand in

I time the boys'shouts reached Gerthe air made it that much worse.

, < < ald's ears, but they had a pleasing Gerald forced him down on a indistinctness, as a nightmare that bench and put his knee on the is chest boy's exciting to keep without alarming the him there, Independent Coal & % sleeper directed to wakefulness. while he Jim Drake, who

lifting. Gerald headed an openmouthed audience, Coke Co. | The fog was

closed his notebook, secured it to hand him the picric acid gauze

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH neatly with a rubber band, and out of Gerald's firstaid kit. The

moved his chair to the deck rail, burn was more painful that seriwhere it would catch the sun, and ous, the impromptu scoutmaster lay back to rest. His lazy thoughts found, so as soon as Brick stopped

were not on the scouts. Boats, writhing, he personally conducted

he reflected, were highly romantic the patient out to the deck and things. Honeymoons, it occurred seated him firmly on a stool.

to him dreamily, should be spent "Now, Brick, you stay with me on boats. When, after five years, for the rest of the trip,"he orhe had enough money to marry, dered the boy furiously. "You're

he and his bride, a girl, for in- a disgrace to the troop."

stance, like Leonora Jones—but

gentler, and less given to impish his head hung tour BiRICK of sarcasm, course—would Marsh! Mr. "Mr. a big liner. the Orient on He sullenly.

would Marsh!"whispered an urgent

voice in his ear. Gerald followed

the distressed beckon of serious Jim

T:HE air was rent with Drake out of earshot of the tear-

a frightful howl. Gerald, driftstained, but defiant Brick. "Say,

ing about the Orient with a bride Mr. Marsh, don't be jtoo hard

who resembled Leonora Jones on Brick, willya? He's just been

rather strikingly, came back to scouting for less'n a month, and well. dazedrules but the very don't promptly, Puget Sound know be done should work when Work

ly. responsibilities in His Orthopedic the been twenty HosHe's

conditions. regardless of weather

fell year. as pital a lugubrihip again His was more'n him upon

production. A Cut costs—increase cast."rain of plaster in a as the ously thud upon

size for you. the slate roof of a prison. He Gerald felt as though he had

Landes Tractor & followed the uproar with flong been caught robbing a humming strides, fearing the worst. bird's nest. He hoped he did not

Equipment Company He found the cause of the comlook as embarrassed as he felt.

Dealers motion in the engine room, in "Thanks, Drake,"he managed

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the person of young Brick, dancto murmur, "but we'll have to

Branches—Tremonton, Utah ing a lively hornpipe, and wringlook out for Brick or he will put

Malad and Prescon, Idaho ing his hand while the fireman himself into the hospital again.

and engineer stood helplessly by I think I'll put him in your charge, and made ineffectual lunges at the but don't mention the matter to mwrnnmsm boy as he whirled past them. him. Just stick around. By the

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 173

iway, how did he break his hip?"assumed a new aspect. Racing for **iifii>fi <i

"He ran down a hill in an oil a champ! Thin boyish backs

straightened. Underdeveloped parkedtruck he that found by Music Students!t

.'t car. hit a streethis anxiously. muscles were flexed house, he and

t t in just can'tBrick, keep Gerald, stopwatch he away hand and from engines, any kind, or maentirely unaware of the commo- i LOOK AHEAD! it

chinery."tion he had caused, decided on i>< *i

lines, t rather finish not,"the say I should and put "No, boys t t girdfervently, paces. their agreed Jones, BrickGerald through and t

to part spend Plan of the now battle. the further in inactioned for in backshivering himself

intensive in the of study summer

But the expected seldom hapwater, muttered to a boy beside I your chosen instrument at the beau- \* himselfpens. conducted Brick * him:

sixSchool. Special tiful McCune i t calcuif docility care he's a mouselike "I don't twith swum i all inin courses weeks branches of '

t lull suspicions of alated the to foot the one world with around will vocal strumental music and *>'I see."soldier guard. he's tied, followed as as far can on He mud 8th. June t commence i ferry the docked Brick. t up, Drake, shutJim when "Oh, You

ton the western shore of the sound, didn't get off to such a good start t t Write for our Summer Catalog t t today. t*insisted eagerly upon carrying his with him. He's all right. You're t<

own kit with his uninjured arm, just sore on him."Which retort t

iand swung into the line of hikers merely furthered Brick's peevish \ McCUNE ithat started up through the pines resentment. \

t

If iquietly. Gerald, lining up the last group,

I the crawl strokes, glanced around School of Music and Art tf

i see missed if he had anyone. i the to of 1 HE objective

f dressed bathe, to got you "Oh, t; miles small lake a fewtroop was a

get remarked. he t "Don't hills as yet Jones,"in that theup was

t y that in the water."burned hand traffic, since touristuntouched by

\ regoin'to stop me,""Who's t *it foot be reached only could on * i strictly to Brick, sponded himor horseback. Dr. had Tillman i by i

i I guess, pretty self, "you, you t the the ofsent bulk the tents and t else? an'Pretty boy. You who

t before, the andequipment up day Salt Lake City epithet The belittling to boy!"left for the nothing boyshad com- \(

do but set up camp. forted him. He watched the unww% ww—- ipJ--*-—-.—. wwjwikw—--.—- - #-—-. -—- r- i

When the chores were done the derwater swimmers making preboys got into their swimming liminary trials, diving in and suits. They decided to have a coming up spluttering and laughwater tournament before they scating. Two of the younger boystered for individual water pashad lashed together some logs and Baby Chicks

times. A dozen or more of them were pushing off from the shore

had lined up haphazardly before with a sapling as paddle. Brick

Gerald, busy with camp, sensed splashed through the shallow High Bred what they were up to. water and got aboard.

"Here, you fellows,"he shout- "Get off, this won't hold Heavy Laying ed, "wait."He got hurriedly into more'n us two,"the original marStrains

his own trim shorts and white iners protested.

jersey. "You can't do anything "Aw, I'm not heavy."

stay. But let him when They that. like hit missin a and way Strain Pure Diamond water, deep the reached two first. they line paddlers up dogYou State Accredited Pedigreed From

off dived back and boys swam Roosters From High Egg finale a to grandWe'll up work

Flocks. Producing shore. to racers."of crawl

"It's Culled Certified apart,"Brick Diamond and coming his seems to he "Gee, know

Barron Tancred and Foundation shouted. scout a surprised comonions,"VIGOROUS HEALTHY AND in to STRONG, off, and come on "Jump the "I thought from waymented. GUARANTEED LIVE TO

he looked that he was a patentshallows, then,"the boys advised Liberal Replacement leather sister that had never unconcernedly. Big, strong, livable Electric Hatched

that will Chicks your improve it all."atroughed

increase production your egg and flocks,make tall a boy, grunted you "Huh!"more money. had a moment B!>RICK suit. his at that on"look IN VALUABLE COLORS 'W BOOK TWO fear. hesitated. of glanced He He FREE biggest the Jerry Marsh,That's LOTS OF INFORMATION HELPFUL effortat Gerald Marsh, swimming university the championswimming for Send Tell copy today. your us what lessly, his stroke, expert with and

kind, first, and how I you when at many want sure wasn'tever had. sight the him. get lowest and them maddened our somehow wholesale undressed, as he got as soonbut price to readers. Era spite in to of ready was jump He

poorly- I knew him."everything, when the Ogden Poultry Farm Brick lashed raft separated and

1 HE word rippled was thrown backward by the rolland Hatchery around the ranks by instantaneous ing logs. Box 928 Ogden, Utah

wireless. This business of racing He had no time to shout, but

174 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll the other boys, who had already skirted the beach for a few miles.

reached shore, sounded the alarm. Gerald remembered afterward of

Jim Drake, who seemed to hearing the report of a motor about know the solitary Brick better that time. Shortly afterward a

than anyone else, shouted, "Brick's heavy touring car passed on the in, fellows. He can't swim a old road, but the fact passed allick."most unremarked by the boys. At GET OUT * When the excitement had died the landing roll was called again.

down and Brick was safely ashore, The check proved to be opporDEBT Gerald called a council. He made tune, as Brick Jones repeated his

off the mortgage Pay on failed respond. the enorto delinquency no attempt to condone and your by home way

alllittle, little red. of Brick's of mity Gerald saw The mutiny. The the monthly payment

loan we offer to home boy had precipitated two accidents kindsof-a-miscreant, to think that owners, owning propwhich had threatened to be serious, he could throw a monkey wrench resierty in the choice Salt one of them almost fatal in its into the machinery at every turn districts of dential

Lake, Ogden and Provo, consequences. The older boys of the road! He ordered an instant

Utah. listened to Gerald thoughtfully, search of the vicinity by every

the younger ones respectfully, and scout present.

Brick, the culprit, resentfully. He "He got into that car that

ignored the fact that his own safepassed,"volunteered Larry Metcalf, a fat, languid boy. "Said ty had been involved—that he had

brought the first accident blot on he was going to ride home with the year's record for the troop. his uncle."

No Commission The thing to him was just an- "Well, Metcalf, why didn't you

No Red Tape other chance for that "pretty boy"report it? Brick is supposed to stay

AHljtottilntkttui o. publicly to humiliate him, Brick. with the crowd,"Gerald told him,

Correspondence Equitable He was ominously quiet the rest "and besides, we don't know that

Life Assurance Society of of the day, even refusing to take the man was Brick's uncle at all."the United States.

his turn with a story around the "Oh, yes, he is,"the boy incampfire that night. sisted. "Brick's uncle owns nearly

all this land around here. He has

a camp up there in the hills."

broke noon of "You're sure?"GAMPTents and cooking "Sure I am. I saw Brick runIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEIIIIIIIIillllllHIEIIIIII the third day.

equipment were packed and stored, ning for the car, and the man go to be removed later by the doctor's to stop. But I didn't see him

man. Lunch was an affair of sandget in, 'cause I was getting left

In 1931 bananaswiches andand sweetwhole chocolate.tomatoes,Theof behind myself."

-as in all of the past 30 yearsboys stuffed their pockets with chocolate and peanuts for the 1 HE thing seemed it the reasonable. Indeed, leisurely trek to the evening was down BENNETT'S thing that hapcould call at only have arranged to ferry that had

a seldomused, descrepit landing pened to the boy, since he had cerbelow the lake. tainly disappeared, and the counThe party made a straight trek try was fairly open, Gerald argued

from the lake hills down to the to himself. He sat down again

sound, because the mile trip along on the rotting pier and hoped for

Insurance/ the beach promised better walking the early arrival of the ferry that than the rougher hill trails. As would take him one step nearer

they reached the water, some of the end of his responsibility for the boys broke ranks to investithis load of dynamite known as

Paint Products gate a small boat of the outboard young boys. The faint putput

—will be in demand by thousands of motorthough type,it wasevidentlystill in abandoned,the water, of Unbidden,a motor annoyedhis mindhim. flashed

property owners "for the adornment and and anchored to a float made of back to that abandoned motor protection of all surfaces."an old log. Gerald ordered them boat. Suppose the,boy, that

back, and though they all obeyed, motormad Brick, had gone back

Manufactured by Brick Jones lagged a trifle. But to it, and not to the car? Gerald

since they were headed for the ferry jumped up impatiently, and paced

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT landing, Gerald forgot about them the pier to brace himself, but in

Company and hurried ahead to inspect the spite of his will to do otherwise, doings of the vanguard. his conviction in the matter

65 W. First South St., Salt Lake City wavered.

Sold by dealers throughout Utah, South- "Jim,"he called finally, to the road, out of tall boy, back going "I'm Drake ern Idaho and Neighboring States, N old the Asince I feet highgeneral use graded Brick. don't look for and

way had been made to the south, at all sure about him."

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 175

"I'll go with you, Mr. Marsh,"would be gone for naught. He

Jim offered. shuddered and swam faster.

The two walked rapidly, and But rage is poor fuel, at best.

reached the spot where the trail The weight of his soggy clothes Distinctive left the beach to wind into the began to drag. He unfastened his

hills in something less than twenty breeches, and managed to kick minutes. There was no boat there, them off. The flannel shirt folbut far out on the sound, the faint lowed. He was swimming in silk

explosions of a gas motor spoke underclothes, which fact did notvolumes. seem so humorous to him as it TYPE

The two glanced at each other would have done to his brother with silent conviction. I Bill. After getting rid of his "And Dr. Tillman staked his heavy clothing, the going was FACES

reputation on my ability! I'm the more steady. He settled down to

one that suffers, regardless of what a second wind. Correct in Style for

happens to that kid. If he disappears, I might just as well jump

passed. hour HALFin the the young sound myself,"

banks behind Asank of Society for The sun bitterly, seeking thoughtman the speck that would tell them purple mist, a rayless, orange where the boat was. As the two globe. The chill and dark deand

of them strained their eyes, the scended together and Gerald began motor stopped, leaving a queer to feel it in his stiffening muscles.

void of silence in the deserted place. The water was fairly quiet, but "Breakdown! Just what I an ominous swell began to bother Commercial

feared, with that old wreck. The his stroke. The boat speck assumed

little daredevil."a reassuring outline.

"What'll we do, Mr. Marsh?"Almost without warning (the Printing

Jim, for all his sixteen years, was sea grew heavier. The swimmer

almost in tears. was annoyed with the slap and roll

Gerald acted almost automatof the water. Once or twice he

ically in his haste and anger. got a strangling mouthful. But

He stripped off shoes, puttees, the little figure in the boat took See our specimens of watch and sweater, and thrust form, so Gerald prodded his laborModern Wedding harder. heart to work and tried the ing valuables other andhis

painful. His Invitations breathing became His hands, into Drake'sscouts'money

"Get those kids to Seattle, Drake, chest muscles were sore, and he and don't let one of them out almost feared to change his stroke, of your sight until they report even to ease the muscles that were personally to Dr. Tillman. I'm begging for relief, because of the

going to swim out to Brick. cramp it might precipitate. HeTry to get the ferry to send out looked up again. He was near The Deseret

a man if they can spare one, and enough to see the boy. Not more

a quarter of a mile, now, than if from 'phone to town they can't, surely! the on get Tillman News Press andEdmonds

job. We'll be all right, once I It was almost dark, now. The

get to the boat."He had struck air had begun to thicken with fog. 29 Richards Street

off before the last words were out Gerald convulsed suddenly in a Salt Lake City of his mouth. The sun was sendstomach cramp. He tried every

ing ominously long beams of faremeans he could to release the muswell between the spears of blackcle, but it clutched him like death.

ening pines, and the ripples of evening ruffled the surface of the sound. DEATH! The idea The Utah High numbed him. Yet, it was like this r School of Beauty

(JERALD swam with that even the best of swimmers the heat of anger for the first hunmet their Waterloo. At any rate, Culture

dred yards. That defiant little the thought flashed through his 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake

that make a profession arn would die to Le trying he mind, to bring would dared he shrimp! How

rest of the for independent u yo kid. boy! that For That Marsh? him, Gerald The rescue this upon catalog. for life. Write your

catastrophe, if he failed, would the first time since he had plunged Mail this Coupon.

ring like wildfire all over the state, into the water, Gerald put himself and there were plenty who would into the place of that terrified boy.

gloat over it. He could see it, The idea of his own predicament

headlining the first page, MARSH, shriveled before the idea of the

SWIM CHAMPION, LETS boy, alone in his fear, in that imSCOUT DROWN. All his strugmensity of hostile water, in an

gles to make a name for himself open boat with a broken motor.

176 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

a foggy night coming on, teeth Suddenly his and ch—chilled."

. one but a Gerald's puny thirteen! chattered uncontrollably/

Interior forgetting of himself for that mo- "You could take my sweater

Decorating ment was unique, almost, in his an'blouse, couldn't you, Mr.

Painting—Paperhanging j life.his ownHe safety,forgot hishis ownown comfort,life, alMarsh?"glad to shiftthe boythe subjectsuggestedfromeagerly,himFor references see Jefferson Ward, in his for most, self. sudden sympathy

i Ninth Ward, Hawthorne Ward, Nine- i Brick. a the plight of Gerald accepted the sweater beHe felt i teenth Ward, West Jordan Ward, kinship a oneness to. with him, with cause he must do had He | Fourth Ward, 12th13th Ward. life his put into off him that stave a chill. new could to what he

IKetterer & Perschon flagging strength. Almost on the Then he took the can from the

Company instant, the cramp relaxed, and boy and bailed water. He bailed

657 Washington Street, Gerald began to swim again. The water endlessly, ceaselessly, trying

| Salt Lake City, Utah j boy had not yet seen him from to swing warmth into his cold

I Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3756 | the boat. To let the child know body with the motion. There

he was not alone Gerald put all was but one can, and the leak was his power jbehind a shout. It active, so the two of them took

sounded to him like the croak of turns.

MODERN BOOKS havea dyingresembledcrow, buttheto trumpBrick itofmustan the "Whatmotor,,wasBrick?"'the Geraldmatter askedwith

it. His hopeafter awhile, stopping the without

erectness, to that Qualify you for all angel.less littleHebodyheardleaped can. of the swing

PUBLIC SPEAKING and he gave an answering shout "No gas, Mr,.Marsh."And

that sob. a almost was guess that then, "I look makes me Occasions—send for new silly, closed that the fog of think not down. It pretty Then Catalog,

had been creeping for sometime, and I thought I knew so blamed

THE SPEAKERS butgray theblanketfull haddensitynot offallenits thickuntil much"Weaboutall gasjforgetengines."Sometimes.

that moment. Gerald thought he This from Gerald Marsh, who LIBRARY

(Brightwood Station);nustbecausehaveofhitthea rollingcompletenesscloud bank,with despisedvolubly. inefficiency, openly, and

Washington, D. C. which air and water lost separate "I guess—I was pretty mad,

identities. He was swimming though, or I wouldn't have done

through thick murk. it,"the unhappy Brick mumbled.

"Brick!"He tore his lungs to "It's getting pretty cold, ain't it?"

shout it, "keep calling."

youngster, the put-. Thereafter blamed himGiFERALD ting his soul every part of into self, then, for the catastrophe. Achis voice, shouted as often as he tually, with his head light and

could collect his wind. Presently giddy with the beginnings of the

Jerry, exhausted and sore, lifted fever that was following his chill, his stiff limbs over the stern of with his muscles aching with cold, the shallow boat. he saw his own part of the affair

suddenly lighted with the revealing clarity of truth. He did not

TiHE boy was huddled cut such a noble figure, this Gerald. See Us For bailing in the bottom, water meMarsh, a little goaded had who SCIENTIFIC EYE EXAMINATIONS it chanically a rusty with from as this. Literal- a thing to such boy Service Lenses Duplicated—Prompt can. sardine His emotions were ly, his with sarcasm, he unkind

the actual arrival of Gerald almost of fog, in the middle of the wide, BE INDEPENDENT evidently so spent that he took had sent the child out to this night

No Other Vocation So Profitable! apathetically. In the waning light, and now turbulent waters of the

ENROLL NOW Gerald could still see the small, sound. He saw it now, this unFor a Complete Course at the stubborn face, tearstreaked and warranted selfishness of his, this

grimy, but the boy had no tears refusal to see the other person's

Quash School of Beauty Culture in his voice. side of the question.

The Best in the West "Gee, Mr. Marsh, you flnust "No, Brick,"he acknowledged

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. think I'm a darby, to get myself to the boy, "if anyone was to

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH into a fix like this,"he said, by blame in this, I guess it was I."

For Further Information way of greeting. The two touched hands in the

and Catalog Call "We won't talk about that darkness understandingly.

7560 Wasatch or now, Brick,"Gerald gasped painAnd thereafter, Gerald had but Fill in This

Coupon fully, rubbing his chilled chest. It a confused memory of events.

was some minutes before he could They bailed water and shivered.

rag—intalk again.the—b—boat,"There isn't a dry A fog horn sounded with startling

well shouts did not bring it to them. I—I—I'm pp—p—prettyis there? nearness, but their answering

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 177

'They're looking for us, any- "when I get into action I'll be way, Mr. Marsh,"the boy whisbetter. Get's sort of subconscious,

pered hopefully. swimming does, as they say marathon dancing does."Prepare for

Brick returned a game, answerlong ANOTHER felt chuckle. siing Gerald suddenly lence in the thick darkness. More

that this he loved boy. then That Drop And bailing. leak widenmust be The

of his fog mind mingled with ing. pressed fog upon the The down

air that of the and beclouded him With evil, fingers, with them clammy clung in their throats, and chilled again. He thought he heard voices

their bodies. Another horn soundbut knew with some part of him ed,. hoarse and wailing. Somethat they were no doubt illusionKNIGHT

where out there in the acres of ary; he dreamed of a pounding motor; he heard fog horns, reSpring milling water another one anassuring, guttural, at near hand. it, faint ghostly. swered and The the swirled water But suddenly

this castaways did time. shout not

the through patch weakened and Canyon tired rebelled, throats Their and filled. the boat Brick screamed,

it useless. they to be knew

colGerald caught the and by him Gerald's thoughts to came him and lar.now between numbing intervals, head your "Keep don't and up

indistinct. confused and knew He fight,"shouted, he into and swung searchers out. afbe must Then, ROYAL icy the water. His whirled, head

ter eternity, a vacant he wondered the blood the voices pounded, and if the boat hold would them COALS to seemed be shouting around

Its until they found. were bottom them.

alinches aheld of couple of water It's impossible to predict it, kid,""We'll make he murconstantly,most now. He tried just far the how mercury the mured, noise and suddenly,

a of action plan to think of will drop before the winter ceased. if without warning,

the boat failed them, but his dizzy is over. But it's not immind refused to function. Then possible to prepare for lower

hesuddenly remembered his swimeasy. Just he awoke, temperatures—it's hadming. He swum out your Knight Spring feelcall Canto the Gerald had a WHENwarm, confused

boat; he could swim back. He ing of undulating motion. It was yon and Royal Dealer on the

relieved felt foolishly at having as he though ell had been snatched you him telephone—t of this,thought normally which want Knight out of the cold Spring darkness Canand of

would have been the first thing Puget Sound and put to float on yon, that clean, longburn- to enter his mind. He Would a summer sea, boating upon soft, ing, economical coal.

swim, of course. Then, with an woolly clouds, conveniently steameffort, his brain began to question heated. His sense of comfort and Royal Coal starts quickly

thissolution. warm wellbeing was ineffable, and burns with little ash or

'You can't swim, Brick,"he until he moved. Then he felt soot.

flashing to the picbackmumbled, a sharp, rheumatic twinge. let colder Don't weather

toture of a terrified clinging boy groaned. he "Ouch!"catch you napping. Call your

the raft in a breaking of middle angel blond wafted A to his dealer today.

the;. lake the day of the races. cloud and laid a cool hand upon

''No,"quavered the boy hoarsehis cheek.

ly. "Let me bail. You're kind "I think, Dr. Tillman, that he JtooIT'Shot

.,.,of shaky."is of out it,"she coming whispered. '<*.

ClERALD said noth- "How do you feel, young feling,, but the idea formed in his low?"boomed the businesslike.

mind that he must swim and take but wholly unseraphic voice of the the boy with him. It was a matdoctor.

ter, of minutes until they must take The clouds faded definitely.

to the water. Gerald perceived that he was in

'Take your shoes off, kid,"he bed, and in a lowceiled, white, Royal Coal muttered. If only his head would chintzhung, cabin of a room.

clear, and his tongue were not so The blond angel, bending over ffoi'n Clean thick. The sensation of cold was him, alone remained undissolved

almost gone, fortunately. He of his dream.

turned to the boy. "We've got "Fine,"he croaked, somewhat KNIGHT FUEL CO.

to swim. I've got to swim for belying the word with?"the sound,both of us,"he finished drowsily. "but what—where—ROYAL COAL CO.

The boy gave a gasp of alarm. "Oh, you mustn't talk,"the L. E. Adams, General Sales Agent,

It lifted the growing lethargy from girl cried anxiously. Gen. Offices, 818 Newhouse Bldg.

the man's mind momentarily. 'You don't expect him to recovSalt Lake City, Utah

"Don't be frightened,"he said, er with all those questions fizzing.

178 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

in his mind, do you?"Dr. Till- "Dad, you ought to be ashamed

man grunted. of yourself, talking about jobs at

Gerald opened fire at once. a time like this,"Leonora cried.

"How did you get here, Leonora, 'That's the sweetest music you and where is it, and how did I could sing to Jerry, Mr. Jones,"get here, and—Dr. Tillman interposed.

The doctor and the impromptu nurse lifted their hands in horrified unison. J T had come sooner

"We picked you up in the midthan Gerald had expected. His

instinct to a was make prompt dle of the sound—BOOKKEEPING

refusal. 4tif hadn't He known who A the night of the middle "And IIUlrlie SERVICED Brick he was out had gone when TRAVELING BOOKKEEPERSTHE after him, he and wasn't asking

better control keeping of thinking you Are franticalfog horn was it "—our so any rewards that for year, this business coming now.of your And

ly bellowing, light search our and to willyou from MONTH MONTH KNOW a then saving heart, of the wisdom or are or LOSING youwhether MAKING it around, ploughing picked and Dutrite are, perhaps If you andmoney, that notWHY? to nothing the had do with

out figure Service help you couldBookkeeping out, in you ploughing around elaborate code for he had it made and the do CHEAPEST BESTHOW little circles, too, Brick poor with experiof service the haveway. Youto may himself, his halted tongue. He most the with equipped bookkeepers,enced hanging death grim on and call at your machinery, bookkeeping atmodern glanced Jones; Mr. from him

wish, you bookkeeping workdoor do any and like spouting a every water whale to Leonora. faces Their were up. cost $5.00 per of andat month a We time he got ducked—like four over for this doing workhave been alike lighted gratitude, not only by vicinity. in Cityyears, Salt and Lake We

is kid, that Brick?""Where live if near the serve anywhere butcan you friendship. of warmest YOU

cities:the following struck into the Gerald avalanche Leonora's, surprise in the he knew,

City and vicinity Salt Lake speech. breathless South as far of Leonora's Utah. of Santaquin, held more. even that moment, andas Payson

to Ogden, City and vicinity Salt Lake Utah. "He's down in mother's cabin, "I certainly do want that job, and Garland, City, Tremonton,Brigham

Logan City and vicinity to Preston, Grace, and she's kissing him and scolding Mr. Jones, and I thank you for

Idaho. Malad, andBancroft, Downey by turns."him it,"said he simply. knew He Returns Income Tax your also up make We

etc. Bank, your for Statements the Joneses Financial were payingand him "Your mother's cabin! Why on that

getting Expert in interested are If you best the coin with in earth—they had reasonable at a Bookkeeping,help your on

to:rate, card a drop their then, that even hands, and brother, he's baby "Why, my Bookkeeping c/o Dutrite BILLS, C. IVAN they considered themselves to be Salt tell Lake City, silly. Shelmerdine,Service, did all 1729 Don't you me

Utah. Phone Hyland 5886. that hero rescue stunt and didn't overwhelmingly in his debt. It

not it was doing were you whom "pull"—that -<! II—H- know bitter jibe Brick for! Didn't you was know at the successful—butFailure's

the pride and joy and general friendship, had won him his job.

service to return for wanted They The nuisance of the Jones family?"service. in see the thing He could

in the waters had washed some pieced gle then Gerald /\ND Master a saner light now, since his strugsilly of the veneers his sysfrom things together a picture and made of the hopeless tangle. He was tem.

"Good, Jones Marsh."Mr. yacht. Jones'the had He.. on

in a grip said took that his hand Library. Jones'saved the only son from

drowning. There would be grati- a great deal more than his words.

To Whom it may Concern; tude, protestations. Mr. Jones "Beat it, dad, and find Jerry

I examined have that certifies This clothes. hasn't favors to give to his a thing some to had boy's He

Library"Master care Borne "The with in, rescuer. we'll go ashore in her and Leonora dock had own of Version James the King containing

the Holy Bible illustrated by many picfavors, of a vastly different kind, about an hour."

tures and with illuminating and very to bestow. Gerald felt his old She turned to Dr. Tillman.

explanations. helpful stiff rise at independence the you, too, doctor, ought to "And is this the work it seems that To me thought the cauof it. He heard a little get sleep."I Bible.of the have presentation finest

ever seen. Anyone interested in readtious opening of the cabin door "Oh, I don't know."Dr. Tillhelped Bible be more the would ing great the Jones by and Martin himstifled sat and man a yawn down be this by would any he than work self, sleepless haggard from his again. I Bible of which the text with other am there. night, stood

fine It be certainly a acquainted. would in Jones his turned Mr. path

library or for for any that patient any the home at once work saw He door. believe "I to the don't we is interest in the there in which an "Well, awake. was Marsh, Mr. as in fancy have anything underBible. of the study certainly are see glad to you we F. JOS. MERRILL, as wear Mr. aboard came Marsh

is recovered. nearly so boy Our of Education. Commissioners in,"bantered, he

it, either."Bldg, for Mclntyre the 417 worse none He

Salt Lake City, Ut. glanced at the man on the bed Gerald flushed. "You'll do me

,ii—a——n——if more closely. "You're the young a favor if you pitch that silk suit

overboard, Jones,"retorthe Mr. fellow the was in bank who my REPRESENTATIVES

grinning; "I It ed, a for skin looking other job. day think my WANTED! is yours, if you still want it, of a little thicker since last night, andis

course,"he said gruffly. can stand cotton."

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 179

Leonora's patience was wearing

Li,EONORA JONES thin. "Wrong, both of you sus- "Message of The Ages"

stood up beside the bed and faced picious old ladies,"she interrupted, The most soulinspiring Pageant ever her father and Dr. Tillman. "but you will have years and presentedwas largelyin theso becauseIntermountainof the West,stage

"Can't you two take a hint at years to argue it out with us, and settingswardrobeandwasthelargelycolorfulfurnishedcostumes.by Theus.

do as well for you. Anything

is here.all. You must want to hear me please close the door after you Wefor thecan stage

recite that old saw about two are when you go out.

is three Salt Co. and say Lake Cotumecompany a—to City, Utah Salt Lake at looked Gerald Leonora and threatened. she four,"ofnothing

in Dealers other, alone they were each when startled. "So looked Mr. Jones MASQUERADE COSTUMESthat's at the bottom of this—and, well, Gerald did not have Play books, operas, operettas, toupees,

carnival masks, goods debate of the matter Leonora's "I to archly. smiled Dr. Tillman Pres. and Mgr. HANSEN, gratitude at JOHN her of showing way entirely too you werethought for Catalog Send

conscientious to be a mere nurse all. He accepted it unquestioning33 West Broadway Phone Was. 999

to the man."ly with open arms.

Especially Refined

for Winter Motoring

Winter Test* Parco Ethyl is especially refined to meet the rigors of cold weather * The volatility of Parco Gasomotoring. Its more sensitive volatility is

line is regulated to conform refined into it—not added to it. That's why

with varying seasonal temperatures. Winter Test Parco is Winter Test Parco Ethyl not only starts the

especially refined for quick coldest motor quickly and easily but cold weather starting and very best winter driving results. operates it powerfully, smoothly and

quietly all day lon. Parco Ethyl is a

Ketrouum certified antiknock motor fuel of outstandLteniuifyii ing quality.

AT INDEPENDENT GAS AND OIL COMPANY'S STATIONS AND DEALERS 180 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

Nourishing Foods for Health How Much Meat Shall LONG ROYAL We Eat?

[Continued from page 153] BREAD

electricity is used cooking devices hot plates, as cold mutton tallow if albut unpalatable cost at a small be which is not only had made with plenty of may is plate several to appear pressure on the will under lowed cook things in one vessel. This will not pleasant to see. GOOD MILK

not only lessen the expense, but if The meat of young animals is operated correctly the food is thus less nourishing and not as easily

There's plenty of those inrendered more palatable and more digested as the meat of full grown in gredients Royal used Long digestible. beef and animals,

a so that—while for Bread which make

rare, For ordinary use there is nothboth be served mutton may food. nourishing wholesome,

Good milk, selected flour ing better for meats than the old lamb and veal should be thorand other wholesome ingrefashioned iron Dutch Oven. It oughly cooked.

dients coupled with "knowheat j small of a amount cooks with is fresh, the Pork. pork years of ing long When from how"the of top can used be on and experience! It baking all meats. of undesirable most

a family oven. the in In stove or care selected and.be with should

| need cuts meats cheaper of where thoroughly eaten unless never most Grocer's at Fresh Your it is indisalmost utilized to be cooked. bacon and when Ham j pensable.

are cured, wholesome both well i I Different Kinds of Meat and nutritious but should be eaten in small quantities.! CO. BAKING ROYAL the most nuis probably! BEEF 1 Poultry. This is the most the tritious and certainly Salt Lake City and Ogden

most economical meat that fcan delicate and most esteemed of all be purchased for family use. The meats. Great care should be takcheaper cuts, neck, brisket, flank en in preparing it for cooking as

and round can be used to great the breaking of the insides, especadvantage if a little time is given ially the gall bladder, imparts an to the preparation. The best beef unpleasant taste which is difficult

is streaked with fat, which can be to wash off. In selecting poultry

removed in part if the family obchoose those which are plump, but jects to lean beef is usunot too fat. Old birds are likely it—very quality. to be very fat and the breastbone ally of inferior

Veal is less nutritious than beef is bard and firm, while in young and not so easily digested. It birds it is more like gristle.

least heat producing the contains thereCooking Meats elements and meat of any fore should be eaten with other HP HE fibers of meat are surUse Sego Milk in all foods which supply the elements -* rounded by water holding, in salts solution, of the and albumen it It lacks. requires thorough or recipes calling for milk

is value. highest food it Albumen gelatin rich in cooking. Being

chilled, cream. Properly in water, becomes soluble but cold stews. is in gravies often used and

Sego Milk whips readily The kidneys, liver, brains and a tough, opaque mass when suband is delicious with its Sweetbreads of veal are esteemed as jected to intense heat. Hence the

rich, creamy thickness. great delicacies. main object in the process of cookMutton is more easily digested ing meat, is suddenly to heat the

Ask for it by name than beef and is said to be the surface albumen so that it will

At Your Grocer's most wholesome of all the meats. form a thin film or crust which

The strong flavor to which many will conserve the juices and make people object is caused by the oil for tenderness in the meat.

Listen to William of the wool penetrating through Broiling. The fire should be

Hardiman, Utah's the skin. This flavor can be corvery hot at first, the broiler hot popular violin

virtuoso and rected by carefully removing the and well greased. It is sometimes

Frank Asper, conoutside skin, and thoroughly well to rub melted fat or oil on the wellknown cert organist, eveninprs scraping the joints and ends of all meat before placing it on the Saturday at 9, KSL and bones—- then rubbing the entire broiler. It should be turned quickKLO. surface with lemon and a slice of ly and frequently and care should

onion. In cold weather mutton be taken not to stick it with a fork

and lamb should be served on verv that will make holes and allow

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 181

the juices to flow out. When it is

brown all over and no longer feels '-'.-V

spongy it is done.

Baking and Roasting. Both the

fire and the baking pan should be very hot to begin with, so that a crust will be quickly formed and all juices sealed in. Then the heat

should be lessened because, inside the heat should only reach the stage which swells and softens the fibers. If cooked more than this,

meat becomes dry, the fibers tough and separated into bundles, rraking it hard to chew and digest and ruining the flavor. Basting is

very important. The outside of

the roast soon becomes dry and basting helps to cover it over with a film of fat which serves the double purpose of imparting heatand checking the evaporation of VITANUT juices. For the first 20 or 30 flnearistocratofmargarines

minutes (depending on the size of inbe roast)the should the heat GOLDEN in COLOR freturningtense, the basting and quent, then the heat should be GOLDENQUALITY lowered and a small amount of hot water added to the pan. This

a steamproduces which keeps the A UTAH PRODUCT—scorching.meat moist and prevents

If the roast is small a dish of waMade fresh daily from the very finest of Utah pasteurized sweet milk—milk's minerals,

ter placed in the oven is often sufmilk's vitamines, milk's carbohydrates—combined with the rich pure fat of the cocoanut

ficient. Drippings from the meat, under official health regulations.—THAT'S VITANUT

providing they do not contain too Tune in every morning at best for basting. VITANUT10 o'clock onHEALTHK D Y EXERCISESL for Ask forborhoodit at Groceryour Neigh*much water—are

Water cannot be heated above212 degrees while 280 degrees is A finer spread for your daily bread,—and less expensive

needed for proper baking. After

the water is added less basting is needed, but it should be done very keep the oven so asquickly not to When in Los Angeles Have Your Eyes necessary, longer thandoor open as uniform heat gives the best re- /n Examined!

sults. Some cooks do not use We have examined and fit with glasses, when

water with meats which are denecessary, 100% 10of years.the missionaries for

sired rare, but if the roast is large 650 S. Granda little water aids in cooking it J. EARL SALTER, Opt* D 205 Quinby Bldg. VA 4415

through to the center. Rare meat

does not mean raw meat.

Boiling. Meat for boiling

should be plunged at once into enough boiling water to cover it.

This will coagulate the albumen over the entire surface and hold in the juices. Place a lid on the vessel and turn the heat high. In a

few minutes remove the lid, turn down the heat and skim off the scum that rises to the surface. After the scum has all been removed

recover vessel and allow the meat to simmer slowly until it is heated through to the center sufficiently to cook it, but not enough to harden the albumen jinside. Meat

should never be boiled rapidly.

182 The improvement Era for January, 1931

Stewing. A stew generally browned butter and one pint of milk.

in stew or casput and with pan juices means meat toMix eaten and top Baking Cover with Powder less gether, so care is taken to hold in minutes. 15 bake oven serole.Biscuits—and juices. in the best method The

is to brown the meat quickly on all Beef Roulette

Cleaning & Dijeing Cot sides, using butter or other fats.

1 large steak cut round This moderates the escape of the bone and well. Dust pound Remove juices, color gives the meat a good salt with with spread Every article which leaves pepper and and

to and adds the flavor. Next sage moist of breadcrumbs, dressing made

roll like a jelly onions. over our shop is not only cleaned pour Roll up boiling it enough water and

and refreshed but also guarpartly to cover it. Turn the heat and tie with string.

anteed free from objectionvery low and allow it to stew havePlacebeenbutterremoved,or fat,in deepwith fryingbones pan.that

able odor of all cleaning maslowly for several hours. If too Lay in the meat roll and turn until well

terials. much water is used, it has to be browned all over. Turn down heat and

boiled away, and boiling gives very add one pint of hot water. Cover closely.

gently until tender Keep stewing very results. bad Stewing is the most hours. string about and Remove \ xh economical of method cooking slices. cut sauce into juice from Make

meat. A small amount of heat in pan. The meat is delicious when

is needed, there is very little evapserved cold.

oration and all that goes into the pot comes out to be eaten. Tough Roman Meat Pudding

meats and old fowls are best cook- 1 pint of any kind of cooked meat ed this way. chopped fine.

To Fricassee, is to fry. It is gravy.MoistenAddwith1 eggone wellcup beaten.of stockJuiceor

usually applied to chicken, or any of 2 lemon, a bit of onion and a little or a Line bowl with macaroni small animal, or bits of meat catsup.

rice, previously tender. the cookad Put which fried, either are cut up and inside. in Set dish meat boiling of bowl

before closely and let boil about or after stewing and served water—cover in a sauce. 40 minutes.

To Saute is to fry lightly and

Meat and Bread Roll quickly in a little fat—turning the

meat frequently from side to side. 2 cups flour

In deep fat frying, the fat About V2 cup milk should be hot enough to smoke 2 teaspoons baking powder and deep enough to cover the ar21 cupstablespoonminced buttermeat ticles to be fried. The articles 1 teaspoon salt

should be both warm and dry, as; Sift flour, baking powder and salt tomoisture causes bubbling and cold gether several times. Stir in the milk,

a roll soft dough; it out about chills fat so the that it soaks into \ making thick spread with and minced ACCEPT % inch are that well fried them. Foods butter. roll meat and over and Then

are yellow in color and quite dry, 'over as you would a jelly roll, put on as they are toasted on the outside a buttered plate and steam in a steamer by the high temperature to which \ 40 minutes. When done slice and serve

they are exposed. sauce.with brownAny saucekind orof wellcold flavoredmeat canwhitebe

used, but it should be minced fine and be

Economical Meat Dishes free from gristle.

Meat Dish Brown Sauce for Meats 1/3 to ground pork ground 2/3 beef 2 tablespoons butter of 1 rice cup cooked or bread crumbs flour 2 tablespoons of 1 egg, well beaten Salt, taste. to pepper and sage Salt—pepper IY2 cups soup stock

Stir this lightly mixture together. Dip 2 tablespoons minc;ed onion

a leaf in scalding cabbage large water, in butter, onions flour the Cook add it soft. will the:. put which make Then stir until and brown, stock add soup

tie. leaf inside the meat mixture and

'stir constantly until and smooth and a in one moderate about oven. Bake hour little thick. the of canned or peas A

in creating are interested If you an Kidney and Beef Pie sauce.asparagus improves the flavor of this beauoutdoor living room, or otherwise

trees, tifying grounds with your shrubs 2 or 3 veal kidneys to present like flowers, we would and of round 1 pound a you with steak Brain Timbale with Sauce

COPY?9 FREE 3 2 sets of calves brains Plant the Homeof Grounds""How To 30 Putminutes.kidneys Dry,in saltslice,waterdip andin flourlet standand

ALSO FREE OUR brown quickly in hot butter. 1 tablespoon tomato catsup

1931 Seed and Nursery Book Cut beef in small pieces and stew in 3 eggs hour—Phone, Call or Write for Them smallsauce amountof two oftablespoonswater forof oneflour, then: 11 thicktablespoonslice ofbutterbread

PORTERWALTON GO. addinggun to theboil kidneysand hasafterbeen theskimmed.beef has Putbe-. ParboilV2 cupbrainsmilkand press through a

iimiiii in sauted and when stew is done make a mash fine. Add seasoning, salt, pepper——m—imiMMiSALT LAKE CITY,———UTAH the pan aside where the kidneys were sieve. Soak the bread in the milk and

The Improvement Era for January, 1931 183 and catsup and mix together—then stir

in the wellbeaten eggs. Have ready

a wellgreased ring or mould, pour in the mixture, place the mould in pan ofhot water and bake in oven 30 minutes. Natural WAY A

Sauce—2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, juice itoa\ 1 can mushrooms, 1 cup cream, 1 teaspoon lemon To Better Health....

juice, butter and flour, seasoning—Blend

thick,add liquids and cook until then Constipation, one of the most common of presfine sauce. tocut and add mushrooms

a cream ent day ills, carries with it a long train of evils.Fresh with cooked mushrooms

sauce and placed in center of ring or Among these are indigestion, loss of appetite aaround the complete and mould make If and skin eruptions.delicious dish for a luncheon. main

mushrooms are not to be had. the brown Fleischmann's Yeast is a simple, natural food

sauce a given for meats, with dash of that corrects constipation by stimulating inac- aWorcestershire very added, makes ceptable sauce for Brain Timbale. testinal action, and promotes elimination of

poisons from the system. Eat three cakes a

Sweetbreads day, and enjoy radiant, vital health.

As soon as sweetbreads come from the market they should be put into cold water and cleaned thoroughly. The

round shaped ones called heart sweetbreads are best. After they are cleaned, LEISCHMANN'S YEAST

parboil them in a mixture of half water and milk and allow them to cool in AT MOST GROCER'S, SODA FOUNTAINS, AND RESTAURANTS the liquid. When cold they can be put

in the ice box until needed. They may

be creamed, or sliced, dipped in egg and bread crumbs and fried in butter—or When Real Misfortune salad.made into

Hits You Roast Leg of Lamb with Oranges

It Is Good To Have Carefully remove skin from entire surface joints the end and meat—scrape INSURANCE withof thoroughly lemon bones—rubof

little a flour onion. Sprinkleand on

bothand when really insures is the only kind we write.

hot, the put in panroast—turnand oven andare bastevery Insurance that

frequently for 30 minutes. When it is

completely browned on all sides and the juices sealed are cup of in add 2/3 hot UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. cover,water, turn heat allow low and

it to simmer a long time, about 25 HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

minutes per pound. Cut small oranges

in half, large ones in fourths (number of oranges used depends on number of people to be served) and sprinkle with sugar. When the meat is about half

done, place the oranges close around it in the pan and let them bake with themeat. This gives a delicious flavor to TEMPLE BRAN

both meat and gravy, and is a change from an|int sauce. When done place

around platter and serve with meat. GARMENTOf superior quality and workmanship

Hints SALT KNITTING manufacturedLAKE for theSTORE prices And sold at competition. defying When ordering

Meat should not be salted until nearly from us remember We Pay Postage salt fibers as the causes thedone, of meat LADIES FOR FOR MEN

No. No.to juices to flow. contract the and

703 Flat.95 $ Weave 610 Ribbed Light Wt. $1.25

719 Light 1.25 Ribbed Weight 614 Med. Quality Wt. Ex. 1.75 be before should not washed Meat Quality Fine 1.50 Cotton 605 Med. Cotton 1.50 Heavy will dissolvebeing as water cooked, the 751792 Lisle Silk 1.95 Fine 663 Med. Heavy Unbleached Cotton..

surface albumen. It can be wiped off 711 Silk Stripe Med. Wt 1.50 664 Med. Heavy Wt. Cotton 1.951.95

Silk Quality Stripe 1.95 Extra 620 NonRun 2.75 Rayonwith damp cloth, or scraped with dull 710714 1.75 Quality Extra Med. Wt. 680 Extra Heavy Unbleached 2.25

knife. 715 2.75 Quality Super Rayon 660 Silk Med. Wt. 2.50 and Wool...

1.95 654 Heavy Weight Wool 50%

killed require Freshly meats more 1.95 tim< 770720 NonRunSilk and RayonWool 644 Heavy Weight Wool 3.754.95 100%

in has beer than cooking. which meat stocked Nos. 605, 654, 644 are Style Only in New

kept. to specify Style or Old and not fail New Do if long legs short sleeve, are or long short Never stick a fork or anything else or wanted.if for ManGive oraccurateWoman,Bustalso Measurement,state

Weight. and Samples Request. Sent Upon as this Height it is cooking, whileinto meat Extra Charge For Sizes Over 46 20% the juice. holesforms* out and lets

Excessive fat of poultry can be renSALT KNITTING LAKE time. STOREdered kept in ice some and box for

70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH noodles flavoring for deliciousIt makes

and vegetables, especially spinach.

184 The Improvement Era for January, 1931

Why This Has Been a Century of Proress Kewanee [Continued fr0m page 149] Kewanee Steel Firebox Boilers ets. It is a device of Satan to 1809; Emerson, 1803; Whittier, lead immoral souls down to hell."1807; other contemporary genthe ceniuses of Cooper, 19th the middle Bryant, were By are Universally for Adopted tury agreed persons were Longfellow, many Webster, NoahIrving,

L. S. Chapels and all Other D. that invented. everything been had Charles Darwin, Wadsworth,

Representative Buildings In fact about 1850 the person Coleridge, Southey, Moore, Byin charge of the Government patron, Keats, Shelley, Jane Austin, ent office at Washington, D. C, Charles Lamb, Leigh Hunt, Scott,

resigned his position and entered Tennyson, Elizabeth [Browning,

KE.WAJNE.E. 5o| LER CORPORATION other employment because, said and scores of others. There was

he, "everything has been invented, a similar number of great thinkers

HAWLEYRICHARDSON- and the patent office will soon be in all branches of learning.

WILLIAMS CO. closed.*'It was just at the time the DisWithin the past few years one pensation of the Fulness of Times

District Representatives of the American universities anwas established that the inspired nounced in its catalogue that in voice of the poet was heard. The

204 Dooly Bldg. the field of Physics everything had ode on the "Intimations of Im-;

Salt Lake City been discovered. They would mortality,""Crossing the Bar,'

therefore attempt no new discov- "Abou Ben Adam,""The Holy eries, but would simply try to Grail,""The Vision of Sir Launverify the discoveries already made. fall,"etc., made their appearance.

This announcement was made beThis same spirit of enlightenment fore the x-ray, radio, television is apparent in all branches of learnIndex to Advertisers and scores of other valuable dising.

AshtonJenkins Co. 174 Beneficial Life Insurance Co rFHE light that "lighteth every HTHE God of heaven has set up

Back Covet man that comes into the his kingdom which cannot

Bennett Glass S Paint Co.—174 world"is contagious. At the thrive in ignorance. If the divine

Optical Co Columbian 176 dawn of the 19th century the poet truths of the Fulness of Times are (Vitanut) Corp. Deseret Foods

1 8 as well as the scientist was into be fully appreciated we must

Deseret News Press 175 spired by this divine light. In be familiar with the revelations

Dutrite Bookkeeping Service.—1 78 the world of literature there was that the scientists have made. The

First Securities Corp. of talent abundance an born shines with of Abraham into Book Inside Back Cover the mother world. The the Norm because greater today beauty 183 Yeast Fleischmann's

the realized that world was College have corroborated Business in astronomers Henager's—171

intellectual Independent 172 readiness Coke for an awakCoal & many of its statements.

Independent 179 Gas & Oil ening, a Renaissance which would 1 Ketterer Perschon 76 Co..... & eclipse the past. glory of the ConIn this age of wisdom we should

Boiler 184 Corp. Kewanee

Knight Fuel Company... 177 temporary with Joseph Smith reverently acknowledge the divine

Landes Tractor? Equipment were born many of the world's source of this intelligence and

Co. 172 greatest poets. Nathaniel Hawpraise God "from whom all blessMaster Library. The 178 thorne was born in 1804; Poe, ings flow."

McCune School of Music 173 Ogden Poultry Farm & Hatch- -nont'ery: 173 Porter -Walton Company 182 School of Beauty CulQuish ture 176 Playing the Great Collegiate Game

R. E. Brewer Company..171

Regal Cleaning J Dyeings 182 [Continued from page 147]

Royal Baking Company 180 Salt Fixture Cabinet Lake & song, will be sung as the line. ially "Y"pep Ute Both the on

... 171 Co. lustily as any. defeated freshmen Aggie and the Salt Store Knitting 183 Lake

. Salter, J. Earl.181 yet G. freshmen, Coach the "Y"Chorus of our Pater Alma Speakers Library, 176 The try and make says he will Ottinger

. Co, for Salt Lake Costume fighting 179 "Our you we're Alma Pater

Sego Milk Company 180 out somehow with the men at his To hear our Cougar scream victory.

Taylor. Joseph Wm. 181 disposal. Once more next year His fangs are dripping with blood of

Co. Utah Gas K Coke

Inside Front Cover the battle cries of the three inCome on,battle,we'll fight, fight, fight, for thee;

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co. 183 stitutions will ring out as the It's in your honor, we cheer our warriors,

Utah High School of Beauty great collegiate game is being playOur songs are ringing, our banners

Culture..... 175 ed, and there is no reason to doubt We'reflung,sons of Brigham, united ever.

that "Our Alma Pater,"the new To fight for Brigham Young."

WhyMen. andOyomen TfaVe Confidence in 7hese 'Banks

Intermountain'Wide Resources

The resources of twentysix intermountain communities—widely diversified—are represented in the assets of the First Security Corporation

System of banks. Maximum strength and flexibility result. The twenty-eight banks of the System are located as follows:

NATIONAL COPPER BANK FIRST NATIONAL BANK TRUST BANKERS COMPANY FIRST SAVINGS BANK

Salt City Lake Ogden THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO. ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Logan Idaho Falls, Idaho FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Emmett, Payette, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert, Shoshone, Hailey,

Blackfoot, Ashton, Montpelier, Preston, Idaho; Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyo.; Richmond,

Hyrum, Garfield, Magna and Bingham, Utah

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

COMBINED RESOURCES FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS in rrin..!* -*---.*.. n,.a;*...> -- --

PROPERLY PROTECTED

YOUR FAMILY WOULD RECEIVE ALL THESE BENEFITS FROM OUR NEW

GUARANTEED SS POLICY SHOULD DEATH OCCUR TWELVE MONTHS AFTER SECURING THE CONTRACT

I. SPECIAL BURIAL FUND $ 500.00

2. DIVIDEND (Applied to Purchase Paidup Insurance) 2,880.00

3. REGULAR MONTHLY INCOME OF $100.00 FOR 19 YEARS 22,800.00

4. PRINCIPAL PAYMENT AT END OF INCOME PERIOD 10,000.00

$36,180.00 5. ACCIDENTAL DEATH BENEFIT [Payable at Death)..... I0.CG0.C0

G RAN D TOTAL PAYM ENT $46, 1 80.00

FULL DETAILS, WITHOUT OBLIGATION, FROM ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF w

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHA) \ m%f jjf J E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr. HEBER J. GRANT, President S,&r *

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY 'h *m-j*—>m < qp * ''> fm* he ii ipii - 'm;,, I,,,,., wm p n mt mm