IMPROVEMENT 1

NOVEMBER 1952

ELDER ALBERT E. BOWEN

s/<?mt

f say we/ke/ne ft a/// &/ze 7c?/??/frf (/ff%

We have solved the problem of seating a big family or extra company over the holidays.

One of these three Virtue chrome dinettes is the answer. They are easy to live with, too.

The sturdy MiCALiTE*tops, Duran* upholstery and gleaming chrome combine to give you a "Holiday from Care."Just wipe them clean with

a damp cloth. Your dealer has 10 other

beautiful models from which to choose

...see them for yourself.

... dinette

seats eight comfortably.

Choose from a beautiful array of colors.

5701 West Century Boulevard Los Angeles 45, California

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. 7ht West's largest manufacturer of chrome furniture

Mnte yitrfriea*

S. Harris, Franklin by Dr. Jr.

7}tese Oe/tcMS is phalarope, shore bird, a smallThe unusual in three ways. The female

is larger than the male, and is brightly colored while the male is drab. The

female performs the courtship and the male incubates the eggs. brain of a water beetle is about Crackers?The

1/4200 of the body volume while

is brain the bee about 1/174 and the JUST RIGHT size. is brain 1/50 body human

rp he tiny elf owl needs not only a FOR TWO * large cactus in which to nest but BITES also kinds of woodpeckers two which make the holes for the nest: no woodpeckers, no nests, hence no owls.

-* nthony Barnett has observed that -** one of the most important factors in the fall of the death rate has been the availability, since about 1750, of cheap cotton clothing. This washable

clothing made cleanliness easier and so reduced infection.

rp he surface velocity of glaciers varies * from a few yards each year on the smaller Alpine glaciers to several thousand yards each year on the large ice streams of Greenland. A recent

measurement with a 446 foot hole in a glacier in the Bernese Oberland in

Switzerland found a surface velocity of 115 feet each year of which half was due to flow within the ice and half due to sliding on the bottom over its bed.

tq rofessor William Petrie has calculated that from the known number of stars that stars the size of our sun will suffer on the average an actual collision once every two hundred million billion years.

nrf he banana is probably the largest * plant on the earth not having a woody stem above ground. It is a

rapidly growing herbaceous perennial and therefore not a tree. The earliest literary reference to the banana is from fora TasteSurprise,

about the sixth century B.C. and the avorifi

earliest stone representation in an ToodSht of ancient Buddhist temple in India 175 B.C. The banana has been a cultipurity Tom House cwim

vated plant in India for over 2000 years, but was not introduced into PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix

America until 1516.

NOVEMBER 1952 777 ffrft* B0* $V\V

J**/.a..ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO GIVE

RECEIVE TREASURE TO AND A that outshine Here are gifts them all. So rich, so so enduring that inspiring and

they'll provide much in the great adventure of living... offering consolation, peace

of mind and guidance year after year. For the gift of gifts this Christmas, choose

religious books... a blessing that is yours to bestow.

1 CHILDREN WILL ENJOY THIS SERIES

THE STORY OF OUR CHURCH FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS

BY EMMA MARR PETERSEN children's splendid book new It's Petersen. the by Emma Marr one of

children for ever written volumes history most isrevealinganother on the Rich, Church. of the

in the early events of the accounts fig*OO Thisbeautiful years of the Church and a full of meaning

So superbly Gospel. of the the restoration

impressed greatly will 3 youngsters be and haveillustrated,a fullerandappreciationso interestinglyof theirwritten,heritage.that

2. BOOK OF MORMON STORIES 3. BIBLE STORIES

FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS

The wonderful stories of the Book These rich, beautiful stories of the of Mormon... told in an easy style Old and New Testament will give

children quickly grasp. children that Factual 00 your

Bible. His people. of the a more accurate view $3 00 of teachings God and

Lehi in the Desert and The Book of Mormon

The World of the Testifies Jaredites By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

By Dr. Hugh Nibley Thisby Dr.bookSperryclimaxes... manyrecognizedyears ofas researchan auUndoubtedly the most popular Church book thority of the Book of Mormon. Scholarly

reverof of inspiring, years year! The product the and of it's an important for book

it fasall research, reveals scholarly a students, ent missionaries, and religious and cinating study of the lives of the Asiatic libraries. Presents a systematic treatment

their westthe of before peoples Book of Mormon, book migrations. in tf$ Already book. Includes by ward references

* ""'M i. J SvBlnV S SWK.fc':* chapter. Ei in every thousands of homes! $ *0 00

4S$8aSfis333oSSfiSB>

Will a Man Rob God? In a Sunlit Land

By Dr. Milton R. Hunter By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

designed book readable new extremely An richer and a fuller you enjoy to help life Nowthe popularanotherauthorinterestingof "Inandthe richGospelbookNet"by through observing all Gospel commandand many other Church publications. John

ments. understandingIt's writtenof God'sto givegreat youlaws a ofbettertith- A.readingWidtsoe'senjoyment.autobiographyHeartwarming,providesrich realand

it's filled offerings and humorous, fast ing, with

BeneFast Day. gious of philosophy observance and wisdomrelithe $ft OO revealing! fieial, of timely of the great leaders one and *# of $ B 00

the Church. tj

Wmcwl Tonic For Our Times FiftyfourI CryEvidencesJosephof the DiSmith L. Evans vine Calling of Joseph awmneS 1 By Richard

Clark By George Edward insight spiritual that combines book new A is that the presents evidences Here book a expression. of brevity beauty and with calling, of divine the ordination and misdaily practical for with wisdom Packed Smith sion of the Prophet, as Joseph Seer the of spoken the living, presents cream

It of Revelator Latterdays. the and bears

the whichit accompanies word testimony that not a only he prophet was musical by programs weekly 'l&chird h'JEymd tf of the but greatGod, among paper Bound Choir and Tabernacle the est since 50 prophets the $9 Crea-—Organ. m tion. the chalof most One $150tf

I year! lenging of the books

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GIFT BOOKS EVERY L.D.S. HOME WILL CHERISH

* 14. TO.

Joseph Smith, Writings of Seeker After Truth Parley P. Pratt

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe Compiled by Parker Robison

the writings, are masterful Here the wisdom is It's factual value other unmatched! No of discourses colorful of one our and most

>s recently published Church book more leaders. His early philosophy sound and

the revealing. are Here accomplishments religious brilliantly understanding has been

.. life, his his character, of Smith Joseph in this faithpromoting volpresented new. his his calling contribuand - of doctrinal the ume. <t Many mg\ jk f\f\ tions written. superbly must A first for the subjects presented $k50tf #'3*1W all libraries. for You'll time! enjoy them!

Evidences and 15.

The Savior Comes To Reconciliations,

Promised Land I III The Vols. to

I Savior \ M'siBK'S By Dr. Deta Petersen Neeley Widtsoe A. Dr. John By \

three These outstanding volumes is in the This series a concluding volume I frwBised in eternal guide serve as makan called, of Child's of books four Story "A life easier, situations today's ing It's sinauthentic, of the Book Mormon."

understandable. and enjoyable more correct. cere geographically and Every

to everythat questions Answers this will picture child get true of great a to for years. one has wanted know rich, will stories beautiful book. The

set, or purchase the complete Give - of hearts thousands and young win separately. them in inlasting create them a $175tf I in 11. terest book. the RECONCILIAEVIDENCES ANDI Vol. $2.25 TIONS,

12. TO PROMISED INTERPRETATIONS, 16. JOURNEY GOSPEL

I II Vol. $2.25 SI.75 LAND, Vol.

13. TIONS,EVIDENCESVol. ANDIll RECONCILIA-$2.25 17. PRECIOUSPROMISE, LANDVol. IIOF $1.75 18. LANDTANCE,OFVol.THEIRIll INHERI-$1.75

NOW A VAILABLE

Record Binders for All Four Temples

PATRONIZE 19. SALT LAKE 20. IDAHO 21. CALIFORNIA 22. ARIZONA, SEND

YOUR LOCAL Here'sbeautifullya giftcoveredevery bindergenealogicalwill accommodateworker wantsall forpresentvaluableformsrecords.and familyThis CHRISTMAS ORDER

BOOK DEALER records.Idaho, CaliforniaAvailableorforArizona.the firstConvenienttime with posttypegold embossedextension.templeBlackof Saltor BrownLake, TODAY!

leatherette.

23. DELUXE TEMPLE BINDER: Newlyproved. designedStrong metaland greatlyhinge andimheavily reinforced throughout. In

rust, blue or black leatherette.

CHOOSE FROM THESE TWO GROUPS OF CHURCH FA VORITES to from for Books $5.00 $2.00 $1.00 Books

32. AMERICA BEFORE COLUMBUS 24. BRANCHES THE OVER WALL

Farnsworth By $5.00 Dewey $1.00 P. Stewart By Ora

33. THE OF ANCIENT AMERICA BOOK AND MORMON 25. OF GEMS THOUGHT

R. Dr. Hunter, $4.00 Ferguson M. By Thomas $1.00 Dr. Milton Compiled by

34. SMITH FATE JOSEPH PROPHET THE PERSECUTORS OF OF 26. OF R.THOUGHTHunter GOLDEN NUGGETS

B. $3.00 N. Lundwall By $1.00 Ezra Marler Compiled by

35. LATTERDAY SPEAK PROPHETS 27. TREE PLANTED A GOD

Daniel $4.00 H. By Ludlow -, $1.00 Stewart By Ora

L.D.S. 36. SCRIPTURES 28. LETTER TOP. SON MY

Gilbert $4.50 Charles By Orme 00 $1 Stewart By Ora

37. PRATT MASTERFUL DISCOURSES OF ORSON 29. MINUTE P.SERMONS

B. Lundwall N. Compiled $4.00 by L. $1.00 Jr Zobell, Albert By

PRICE 38. PEARL GREAT OF COMMENTARY 30. STORYETTES

R. Dr. Milton Hunter $3.00 By L. $1.00 Jr Zobell, Albert By

39. BIBLE THE KNOW 31. STORYTELLER'S SCRAPBOOK

B. Benjamin $2.00 By Alward L. $1.00 Jr Zobell, Albert By

40. TREASURES SHARE TO,JL. THIS Melvin ORDER CONVENIENT Westenskow $2.25 By—'———USE FORM "——41. LATTERDAY SAINT CHILDREN FOR TO SING SONGS INDICATED: AS BOOKS THE FOLLOWING PLEASE SEND

T. Marjorie Kjar..$2.00 Holbrook and Glenna By C.

of No. of No.

Book Qt. Price Book Qt. Price

Cash: C.O.D - - --

NAME -...,.

ADDRESS - CITY, ZON E, STATE \ NOVEMBER 1952 779 r C>7 facial K'raan1 of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkurck or

deSixS Lkridt

of cLatleraau J)aint5 <*> n-> VOLUME 55 NUMBER 11 r{ovember 1952

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: RUBY H. MORGAN

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE General Manager: ELBERT R.B. CURTISPETERSEN- -AssociateSIDNEY Manager:B. SPERRYBERTHA S. REEDER Jke Ccover

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

In continuing the series of portraits of the General Authorities The Improvement Era presents this fullcolor picture of Elder Albert E. Bowen who has been

The Editor's Page aApostlesmembersinceof theAprilCouncil1937. of Thethe TwelvephotoSome Principles of a Happy Home President David O. McKay 789 graph is by American Photo News, Inc.,

New York. (See also page 792.)

Church Features Evidences and Reconciliations—Why Should Family Prayers be

Held? OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND

Albert E* Bowen—A Lesson from One Man's LifeJohn A. Widtsoe 790 Street Main 50 North

L* Richard Evans 792 St. North Offices, Main 50 Y.M.M.I.A. in U.S.A. Map Showing the Location of Missions of the Church North Main Offices, 40 Y.W.M.I.A. and Canada 797 St.

Map Showing the Location of Missions of the Church Outside the Salt Lake City 1, Utah

U.S.A. 800, 801

Inc., Corpora- a Funds, by 1952 Mutual Copyright Autobiography of Annie Shackleton Bowen A True Saint—The Improvement Mutual Men's Young of the

: 808 tion of Albert (Mother E. Bowen) Christ of Jesus the of Church Association

Subrights reserved. All Saints. Latterday The Cannons Came from the Isle of Man—Genealogy of foreign in year, advance; S2.50 price, a Elizabeth C. McCrimmon 810 scription in 25c year, advance; a $3.00 subscriptions,

The Church Moves On 784 Melchizedek Priesthood 849 single copy.

Utah, City, Salt Lake Office, at the Post Entered Genealogy 810 Presiding Bishopric's Page 850 mailing for Acceptance matter. secondclass as

at special rate of postage provided for in section

Special Features 1103,1918. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

Through the Eyes of Youth: Bull's-Eye - Earl Stowell 796 ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for un-

".. Go ye into all the World "Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 798 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

for delivery and return. My Palomar J. P. Tippetts 806 postage

The Supreme Court Decision in the Steel Case Jesse R. Smith 807

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Change of Address

Richard L. Evans 844, 848, 852, 856

dress. Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adof issue the magazine. recent a from vember the Universe, Franklin S. Exploring

unless the old be made cannot changes the Bookrack 777 On Harris, Jr is included. one the well as new 1952, G. Homer Durham..782'. 836 addressAddressaddress slipas

These Times: How to Vote in NoYour Page and Ours 872

Family Today's Recipe for Happy Holidays 860 Song of Thanksgiving, Betty National Advertising Representatives 864 Zieve Prepare for Best Can I How S. First Baby's Can Do COMPANY TOWNSEND EDWARD Shoes—You

....862 Building Russ A. Skidmore Marriage? Rex It, Billee Peel 866 Thomas

California Francisco, San HENRY G. ESCHEN,

ies, Poetry EDWARD1324S. TOWNSENDWilshire Blvd.COMPANY

Los Angeles 17, California If All ASSOCIATES SANGSTON SADLER AND The 342 New Madison Ave. Men Song—PartWere BrothersOne of a TwoPart StoryW. E. Brocklehurst 802

...Alice Morrey Bailey 804 New York 17, N. Y.

SONS & "As Unto the Bow"—Part 3.....Edith P. Christiansen 812 DAVIS

St. LaSalle 30 N.

Frontispiece, Youthful Skier, Clara Air Mail to the Pacific, Bess HagaChicago, Illinois

Laster 787 man Tefft 849 Poetry Page..788 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The barrel that can't be emptied

Many a man Can remember reading by kerosene lamp. For

however fast time speeds by, it hasn't been very long since lamps played an important part in lighting the homes of the West and Standard was a small company proud of its ability to get from 5 to 10 gallons of its principal product, "coal oil,"from a barrel of petroleum.

QV

T)

IWm&im Count a few of the products made from oil today! secticides, cosmetics, dry cleaning solvents... and, of course,

Almost every item pictured above comes directly or indirectsteadily improving gasolines and motor oils...and you begin

ly from oil: (1) the enamel on stove, refrigerator and cabito see how important oil has become. <J More than 1100

nets, (2) the dryer in the wall paint, (3) the plastic in the products are now being made from petroleum by Standard, clock cover, curtains, apron, (4) the linoleum, (5) the drainand others are on the way. We have spent $35,000,000 in

board covering at the sink, (6) the detergents used in washresearch and technical service in the last 5 years alone...to

ing—(7) the finish on the car and (8) the synthetic rubber of make a barrel of oil truly "a barrel that can't be emptied"in

its tires. <I Add to these asphalt for paving and roofing, interms of the good things it contributes to your daily living.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

NOVEMBER 1952 781 PROTECT YOUR HEALTH HOW TO VOTE IN NOVEMBER 1952

GRIND YOUR OWN FLOUR HPhis title may sound presumptuous.

Of all the people I have observed in by Dr. G. Homer Durham

WITH A American political life, none are more Head of Political Science

PRECISION sensitive about being told "how to vote"Department, University of Utah than readers of this column, who have

ELECTRIC been taught to husband and guard the

FLOUR political treasure of the secret ballot.

Truly, it is one of the great privileges (A postcard or a telephone call to your MILL of "the free exercise of conscience"withcounty clerk will secure you one if all.. that no govother means, including the press, fail.) "Fresh ground out which we believe ".

flour wheat has ernment can exist in peace."(D. & C. Mr. Eisenhower and Mr. Stevenson,

not a flavor 134:2.) in flour nominees, found Republican and Democratic

for stored any Nevertheless, this month an effort is respectively, for the Presidency of the time. length of

greater made to The States, will be wellknown here to suggest "how"you should United

Vitaof part vote. is lost so, too, will 4. Likely min "E"all by November

week after a grinding. The The suggestions are simple. They are the nominees for Governor and for U.S.

bleaching if inoffensive. overlooked gas perfectly Yet aspirants, Senator. Congressional howcommonly

ballot possible), (as is quite your may in"almost ever, occasionally are "swept ed to bothaddflour also destroys wholewheat white and without not have the weight you want it to incognito, while state attorneys, secrecattle are fed grains vitamins. When

harmful effects vitamins, these they show no carry "for the good and safety of society."taries of state, auditors, and treasurers, (See until suddenly."they drop dead

"Science,"Vol. 104, No. 2701, P. 312.) The suggestion is this: Examine a not to mention county commissioners

1/3 H.P. Heavyduty Mill $95.00 and up. sample ballot well in advance of elecand state legislators, are often known

with moneyback 30day trial guarantee. tion day, and examine it only to the professionals

flour 5 SIZES Grinds Guaranteed ONE YEAR carefully all the way to and their immediate famGET YOR VITAMINS the bottom thereof. Note ilies and friends.

officers All and all ofoffices to be filled THE NATURAL WAY the are important. A there besides fices are many with a

SWEDEN SPEED JUICER that of President of the good family "council"in could held be properly Finest Juicers On& of the World's United States, Governor,

Efficient. Fast, or Simple, family each for the eduNo peeling

coring. No plunger required. Attractive, or Senator! Note the cation and training of the

Durable and Easy to Clean. names of the contending citizens of the future with

nominees for these "midthe sample ballot as textdle"and "lower"offices. book.

Get some idea and form some judgment However, two special suggestions are on their qualifications before going to bracketed here: First, after disposing of

the polls. the relatively welladvertised choices at

Obviously, this suggestion does not the top of the ballot, it will be well to hold for those who choose to vote a examine carefully the nominees for your straight ticket. The problem of the district for the state legislature. You

straightticket voter is simple: merely have a state representative and a state

mark your ballot (or voting machine) senator who represent you in the State appropriately for that purpose. Then Capitol. (Do you know who they are at

everybody on the ticket for your party present? Chances are that you do not!

Exclusive Process—no pressing, no bruisreceives one vote. And that you do not know what district

ing. Equipped with longlife heavy duty There are many straightticket voters you live in!) The state legislature is

14 h.p. Electric motor. General No greasing in the States. United there However, for state. of directors your board your

lbs. of bearings. 34 Weight also are "scratch,"or select many who it a representative As is slowly body

FULLY GUARANTEED individuals of their preference for the dying because you do not know who

FOR 1 YEAR various offices on the ballot. These reyour representatives are. Yet it makes

only $89.50 marks are not designed to promote some of the most important decisions

if Postage state paid tax "scratching."point, as that prepaid—add against On affecting of the education your family,

if in Utah. the of merits straightticket voting, this eat, the food the you you highways

Inquiries promptly answered and neutrality. maintains column Everytravel, things. other and many literature full or information furone as do can chooses. he the With is it to Second, extreme importance request. nished of upon

long lists of local offices to be filled elect effective men and women to your at elections, general choose to many is, basic county reason commission. The Health Appliance Co. "scratch"or put in individual their "X"again, the services of the importance they

North 230 West 1st Logan, Utah for squares officeseekers. individual or not render. render do But more, even 1420NW PHONE

The tendency for many of these influstrategically speaking, the county comPlease send me information on: ential citizens is, too often, to ignore the missioners and the county clerk you

( ) Flour Mill ( ) Juicer names, offices, and issues below the top elect in this election will control the

Name of the ballot and to vote in ignorance. election machinery in the next election!

Address Hence the suggestion to secure a sample In other words, the basic controls over ballot in 1952. advance 4, of November political American as exdemocracy City & State printed circulated, law, by and They are i institupressed through our republican

in most states and are easily available. (Concluded on page 827)

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

More goods for more people

at less cost... but how?

Before we get serious, will you play true or false better and lower in price.

with us for a minute? See how smart you are Now if your bump of curiosity is normal size,

as a comparison shopper. you'll interrupt to ask us a question: "How come

1. The 60watt electric bulb that was 15 in 1940 is now you folks at G.E. can deliver so much for the money,

14 plus tax. when the cost of most things is almost double?"

TRUE FALSE?

2. Today an 8-cubicfoot refrigerator costs $12.30 less How we do it is no particular secret. ( 1 ) We keep

than it did thirteen years ago, even including today's thousands of engineers busy redesigning, improviederal excise tax. ing, simplifying. (2) Where possible, we cut out

TRUE- -FALSE- P "handmade"jobs. Items once custommade, are

3. The 40watt fluorescent lamp you buy today for today more likely to be standardized. (3) We

$1.05 was not cheaper before the war. Then it cost develop new materials to improve our products.

$2.80. TRUE FALSE? (4) We encourage employees to help scheme up

4. A nice little arc welding set, in case you always wanted efficiencies on the production line. (5) We mass

to own one, you can buy for less than it cost twelve produce. years ago. true——false?

Finished guessing? The right answer in each case These are some of the forces at work to keep

is TRUE. prices reasonable in spite of higher taxes, higher

Of course some of our prices at General Electric wages, and higher material costs.

are up, as well as down. A popular model electric Will you do us a favor? Next time you hear anyrange is up $75.45 in thirteen years, but we could one sound off that "everybody's jacking prices up"

list twenty things that make it a better value now. and "things aren't as good as they used to be,"reOur bestselling electric iron is $12.95, instead of mind such pessimists that you know a company that

the prewar $8.95. But the iron is lighter in weight aims to deliver more goods for more people at less

and more efficient. On the other hand, TV sets are cost—less real cost.

C/om ca7i/nt/yout conAhnce ifo

GENERAL ELECTRIC NOVEMBER 1952 783 The Church Moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

dent Romney to Central America, at August 1952 the and boundaries definite time which in Inadvertently omitted we headquarters mission the of location 13, that II on July Moves Church President On dediDavid O.Q McKay was Elder Romney established. will be of Fielding President Smith Joseph cated the combined Third Hyrum colonies the in Church reared born and dediof the the Council Twelve Stake chapelHyrum (Utah)Ward 1922 was he October In of Mexico. chapel Alaska, the Fairbanks, catedhouse.

to Germany. fill mission He to a called

of States Mission. Northwestern the E. Elder to Clifford Assistant Young, Switzerin Geneva, for time a labored

is farthest to the be believed This ofthe Council the addressed the Twelve, there, president branch land, becoming of in chapel the North north Church ofnationwide radio audience Columbia of the secretary as later served and America.Broadcasting System's of the "Church reactivated was which Mission, French

Air."Title of the sermon was "I Am during this period by President David

the Truth, Way, The The Life."And then president of the EuroMcKay,

A. President of the from the Reseda Ward, and eighteen O. Oscar Kirkham Mission. pean North Hollywood theFirst from of the members Council Seventy dedicated Assistant to the Sonne, Elder Alma

Stake, (California) Fernando San of chapel thethe Ward, Branch, Ottawa the dedicated the of Twelve, Council studies school high to were returning Mission.Canadian Branch, of (Maine) Danforth the chapel

after completing threemonths'missions New England Mission. in the stake missions. Many of these

September 1952 summertime missionaries labored from \ President Stephen L Richards thirty to forty hours a week in this mis- 1 * dedicated the chapel of the Mill- 9 The annual allChurch tennis sionary service. ville Ward, Hyrum (Utah) Stake.

** Salt at the to Lake began Assistant tournament E. Clifford Young, Elder

7 of the Taft Benson Ezra ElderTennis Club. dedicated of the Twelve, the Council 'dedicated of the Twelve Council

disseries of Religion,"a Your "Know of the the Sunnyside chapel Ward,

Big of the Ward, Worland the chapel of of faculty the cussions by members Stake. (Washington) Richland

Stake. (Wyoming) Horn at University beganBrigham Young Assistant E. Clifford Elder Young,

Assistant to E. Clifford Young, Elder

of College, Business L.D.S.the branch of dedicated to the Twelve, the Council dedicated of the Twelve, Council the

University, Salt in LakeBrigham Young of the (Oregon) Hermiston the chapel of the Ward, the chapel McCammon City. Stake. Branch, Richland

Stake. (Idaho) Portneuf

of Section the Deseret to Church Assistant The Morris, Elder George Q.

in a the he Child "Train Way Up evepublished onNews, Wednesday of dedicated the Twelve, the Council title of discourse a the was Should Go"for years, several past the nings would of Pacific Branch, the the Grove chapel

President delivered by Howard W. a of henceforth part Saturthe become Mission. California Northern

of (California) the Pasadena Hunter it paper, announced. wasday L. Assistant Christiansen, Elder EIRay radio in Action"the "Faith Stake on

# Robert Reese of the Brentwood series of the National Broadcasting theto thesermonCouncilon ofthetheNationalTwelve,Broadcastdelivered (California) Company. Santa Ward, Monica

in radio "Faith ing Action"Company's the Kelly title alland singles'Topancein theStake the The Ward won series. subject Should His was "What the with combined were Hatch tennis tournament. Ward ThisChurch made

I four Bequeath?"These mornSunday Bancroft Chesterfield (Idaho) for successive years Ward, him. doutwo The

are taperecorded ing broadcasts and susStake. Elder Ross D. Redford title was bles'Brand, by was won Hugh

facilities released over network's the of the Chesterfield as bishop tained of athletic supervisor new (Salt Emigration

City. the York Music for from New Ward. Stake, City) andLake LaMar Guiver

is voice programs threehundred by the (Salt Riverside Parkof Rose Ward, President David O. McKay marked Southern California Chorus, directed byLake City) Stake.

his Frederick Davis. Elder a seventyninth birthday H. Accompanists by 8

B. of Elder appointment Newell The

are at organist, Karlton Driggs, Elder his office, performing a by day and busy of professorWeight, an assistant music pianist. Suddell, Virginia in Salt the marriage Lake Temple, and

at University, to the Brigham Young party. Elder a 'family P. Larsen dinner sustained Raymond by

of the general Deseret board Sunday as president of the Morgan (Utah)

School announced. was Union of Elder Gordon M. Stake, succeeding the late President

assigned committee. to the music as presiTexas, He was In AppointmentRomney of El Paso, Clarence D. Rich. Sustained as counYounger Primary Association children dent of a new mission soon to be formed selors were Elders Fernando C. Jensen

are being given a new program this fall. in Central America was announced by and Donald P. Brough. Elders Larsen

Formerly together, the fourand fivethe First Presidency. The mission, to and Jensen were first and second counyear-old boys and girls will now be be known as the Central American Misselors in the retiring presidency.

separated. New names for the sevension, is'to be formed by a division of San Bernardino Third Ward, San

and eightyear-old members of the Prithe Mexican Mission and will include Bernardino (California) Stake, organmary Association are the Copilots and the republics of Guatemala, Honduras, ized from portions of the San Bernardino the Toppilots, with an appropriate proSalvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, PanFirst and Second and Colton wards.

gram of development planned for each ama, and the Canal Zone. A repreElder Shirley H. Bogh was sustained as

group. sentative of the General Authorities bishop of the new ward.

It was announced that seven members will be assigned to accompany Presi- {Concluded on page 838) 784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <k

Seattle Salute

5:30 a.m. Daily *

auaeatccted *P%atective,eafue 4:45 p.m. Daily

T4e lole 'Pet&teon S&ow James Taylor 7:15 a.m. Daily

6:30 a.m. Daily Rolfe Peterson

8:45 a.m. Daily

ftimdtty at t&e *iam*KOHd Von Orme 2:05 p.m. Daily

8 a.m. Daily Margaret Masters

ON THE MOST LISTENED TO

STATION IN SALT LAKE CITY

Leonard Friendly Hooperating, Feb. 1952 Represented by CBS Radio Spot Sales.

NOVEMBER 1952 785

Hint for a tijoutllL1Lotlthe original AUTOMATIC CLOTHES DRYER

y/v.'the Finest thefasiesj

HOY/ MORE WOHDERFUL THAN EVER!

New HiPewer Exhaust System—eliminates lint

and moisture problems.

Exclusive HAMILTON LintControl—twice as

efficient, easier than ever to clean

Fluffdries the laundry fast as you wash it... in

the best drying weather ever made! Fastest dryer on

the market—and safe for even your fine wool blankets.

No harsh forcedair drying! Patented "Carrier

Current"drying floats clothes gently through warm, clean air.

Exclusive SUN-E-DAY Lamp sanitizes and gives clothes "outdoor"freshness!

/4*td... NO WORK FOR YOU I

NO STOOPING, STRETCHING, HEAVY LIFTING I Why wait another day for your HAMILTON?

NO FROZEN CLOTHES OR FINGERS! BRING YOUR HUSBAND IN FOR A DEMONSTRATION.

SEE YOUR LOCAL HAMILTON CLOTHES DRYER DEALER LISTED BELOW

PETERSON ELECTRICAL APPLIANCE CO MONTROSE'S 33 Federal Avenue, Logan 31 West 1st South, Salt Lake City—Phone 5-7585 PECKHAM'S FURNITURE CO 816 Bannock, Boise, Idaho

APPLIANCE FURNITURE CO BROWN'S AND 1st 32 East North, Provo, Utah UTAH APPLIANCE COMPANY North, Idaho Falls, Idaho

Street, TAYLOR'S Provo, Center Utah STORE West DEPARTMENT EQUIPMENT HOME LAUNDRY 1275COHiway AND

J. G. READ AND BROS. CO 24th and Kiesel, Ogden, Utah 429 East Center, Pocatello, Idaho

Distributed by DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS INC 142 SOUTH 5TH WEST - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Photograph by ]eano Orlando

Youthful Skier

slips into the night with pole and rudder, H,j

To ride upon the shoulders of the wind.

His heart soars, too; he feels the familiar shudder,

Embraced by winging birds and airborne men.

Through singing trees, he sees a patch of sky,

Barren as desert, silver as the sea.

With gray hawk wings, he lifts his body high,

Becomes a part of ageold infinity.

What gypsy song once gave his spirit wings,

To leave a goldprint of enduring might?

And who can tell if it's earth or sky he brings,

Clutched in his hand, back from mountain height?

by Clara Laster

NOVEMBER 1952 TO MIA MAIDS By Angelyn W. Wadley

meet my class, and once again, I see * These girls have all come bearing gifts to me.

Gifts of such lasting value, they will bless

My life from this time forth with thank-

A SON'S PRAYER, ON THANKSGIVING THE PIPES ARE PLAYING fulness.

F. Richard Armknecht gift By of bring the youth. long So They ago B. Wendell By Hammond

I I their age. through But was them now

I things a "\ear thank Lord, thousand know hills, the "Crom for, theet searching, the expectancy, the pain, The hills, * the heathered from Down blessings,, richly. undeserved; thousandA the joy, of the doubt, song again. youth, The rolls until there Softly the abounds music I blessing seek more yet thee one fromAnd I gift the of bring challenge. They be must air, the ever cherished sounds cherished In in never faith has herFor whose me of understanding Brimful sympathy of this to the loved hour day, freemen By swerved. to oh, think And, I need work and pray and stirring tunes, the the tunes bagpipes The Eternal blessing One: vouchsafe me,This I guide in That a worthy them way. may play. for her this she, thank thee day,That may gift the of bring trust faith. They They

son! The tunes are many and played of old, that I

But only our hearts can their meaning Am wise enough when I attempt to answer hold: why; I'M THANKFUL No man shall make us slaves; Am sure enough when I point goals to

reach, By Rowena Cheney No man shall make us slaves.

Sincere enough to live the creed I teach.

T'm thankful for so many things Fear you, tyrants, in your frightened hour, They bring the gift of love. And how I

In this old world of ours: The havoc bomb of the sun's great power; treasure

For butterflies, and birds and trees, But fear you forever and fear you. for aye Their sweet affection, given in bounteous

For rainbows and for flowers. The tunes, the simple tunes the pipers play. measure

framed it lights their in words, Seldom pipers the have oft changed how Heed for too, friends loyal grateful,I'm eyes battle's tide, known, we've happy hoursAnd mischief, undisguised. By momentary

shore, valleys fetid India's in Hispania's At still that remainFor memories

After the hours have flown. wide; I leave my class, and say a silent prayer

With Montgomery, swept they across Libya's Of thanks, that for that hour I was there,

I'm humbly thankful for the tasks sand; And I marvel that of all who could have

That I may do each day Into fallen Berlin first marched a pipers'done

To make this little house of ours band. This joyous task, I am the privileged one.

A home, in every way.

And if by tyrants pressed, another war does

I'm thankful for so many things, come,

But let me whisper, dear, Then when all is settled and all is done, FULFILMENT IN NOVEMBER

I'm thankful first of all for you At high, high noon on the very last day

Grown dearer year by year. To the waiting heavens shall the pipers play: By Florence Pedigo Jansson

slaves; us has made man No ovember spreads her ample skirts of slaves. "NT us has made No man gray,

THANKSGIVING Softly the pipes are playing, A kind maternal month whose tasks are

By Elaine V. Emans Always the pipes are playing, done,

Jin our hearts they're playing She sets her harvests forth in rich array, hether my list of blessings were for The tunes that keep men free. The bounty borne of seed and soil and sun.

summer's you The warmth that wrought Novemstore ber's when I was young, I cannot tell,wOr me,

I Is frost; retreat, tried in annually to make undone by chillingBut

registry! the to her harvest It willed she bore wealthThanksgiving a me—well,new (LeavingTO MYfor SONKorea)

is lost. in will I press legacy longer the nothing And myIf forgratitudeNo

Into cramping words, which is too free a By Mahel Law Atkinson The mark of April rain imprints the sheaf, thing, still of lingers ripening touch August The spiritfood. for or sustenance /\Whether years, of ship or pilot days your now

stores; their garnered In although day was it for to sing. being -, makeEnough my goal. to destined reach Unerringly a

brief, will fears allay your Master Helmsman The fill. I if of for rise as to echoes you, Their wit begin barns slowAnd, was how

still that scar your the tempests would And striving think, the read ever a would you months moment, warmer The endowedTo soul. writings, root; childish a parent as does.My of citadel leave a the haven You

I all for gift their learning, brings plenteous to your now, need I know November let so destroy; greed a would now Which

is fruit. to glad, be deeply do and must youTo song hear

break heart that from Rise your you may instantly, in dear. singing andThe me

spell the This demon casts to move a Judasthrong. THEY LOOK FOR PEACE

, hearts By R. Elizabeth Okeson DRIFTWOOD FIRE Wearingrelease;Right's armor, give cowed

By Gay Winquist Brave terror's horsemen on the deathstrewn 'hey look for Peace, who will not look plain In places tried and true:

find, can match hat at last, Peace, the Holy Grail of the heady tang To\\T of loveliness, paths In woodland "* earth of saltwood burning domain. a sanctuary—love's Make fields of dew; morning And

With purple flame, green flame, Your shield is youth's clean strength which In meadows sweet with clover bloom, gray smoke turning you have won And cool dim coves along the shore,

Turning in spirals, shifting with wind, God's arm is long to reach to you, my son. Thou hast created much of Peace

Waving like silver veils Dear Lord, that they ignore.

to dreamstuff thinned?

Deck timber, copperclad, JEWELS They look for Peace, who will not look creosoted piling, About them as they go;

Teakwood, mahoganyBy Marian Schroder Crothers The vaulted sky, the bubbling brook, the itching foot beguiling, The calmness of the snow, is of the lake emerald, pring a glowing at dawn, the melting The quiet potStir now *-Q rosy sunset's gold, glow The beach; Set in on a sandy summer's

A driftwood fire and the world Matching autumn's ruby, They look for Peace but will not look within a dreamer's reach. That winter's silver holds. In places Thou would show.

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by President David O. McKay

Some Principles of a Happy Home

Anddrenagain,in Zion,inasmuchor inas anyparentsof herhave stakeschildren.and someOur worthyschools, socialour Churchinstitutionsorganizations,are all

which are organized, that teach them not helps in the upbuilding and guidance of the important to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith youth, but none of these—great and in Christ the Son of the living God, and of as they are in the lives'of our youth—can supbaptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the plant the permanence and the influence of the

laying on of the hands, when eight years old, parents in the home.

the sin be upon the heads of the parents. There are a few fundamental principles

"For this shall be a law unto the inhabiwhich we should ever keep in mind: first, the

tants of Zion.... eternity of the marriage relation. Oh, may

"And they shall also teach their children to our youth throughout the land realize that pray, and to walk uprightly before the Lord."they have within their grasp the possibilities

(D/ & C. 68:2526, 28.) of that form of marriage which will contribute

We are living in a most momentous age. more to their happiness in this world and to

We see on every hand manifestations of comtheir eternal union and happiness in the world motion. Political institutions are crumbling. to come than can be obtained anywhere else

Old forms and methods are fast giving way to in the world. Let our young men and women

new ones. Political organizations are being look forward with pride, with eagerness, to the

revolutionized, some for better and some for time when, in worthiness, they may go to the worse. Old fundamental principles of governHouse of God and have their loved ones sealed

ment are tottering. Some have been replaced by the bonds of the eternal priesthood for time

by theories that are not tenable, others not and all eternity.

practicable, and some that are infamous. In Second, let us hold to that first word in the

the midst of this world commotion, the home, second part of the fundamental law of huthe fundamental institution of society, is also manity, the Ten Commandments. Those first

threatened. Some, imbued with false philosofew commandments refer to our relationship to

phies, have attempted to strike at the sacredness God; the last few to our relationship to huand the perpetuity of family life. And wherever manity. The second part begins with the we find the evidence of these undermining word honor—"Honour thy father and thy

false philosophies, the responsibility of saving mother."(Exodus 20:12.) Let us cherish in our

this sacred institution, the home, devolves homes as we cherish the lives of our children largely upon us—for we know that the family themselves, that word honor with all the ties are eternal. synonyms—respect, reverence, veneration; honThere is nothing temporary in the home of oring mother, honoring father, seeking to have

the Latterday Saints. There is no element of our children honor us as we honor and revere

transitoriness in the family relationship. To God, our Eternal Father. Let the element of

the Latterday Saint the home is truly the honor, devotion, reverence permeate the home basic unit of society; and parenthood is next life.

to Godhood. The secret of good citizenship Third, let us never lose sight of the principle

lies in the home. The secret of instilling faith of obedience. Obedience is heaven's first law,

in God, faith in his Son, the Redeemer of the {Concluded on following page) world, faith in the organizations of the Church, lies in the home. There it is centered. God

has placed upon parents the responsibility of instilling these principles into the minds of chil-

'Q

vsawiiW!

NOVEMBER 1952 789 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) treasure sacredly and sense keenly your responsiand it is the law of the home. There can be no bility to the child during those first five plastic

true happiness in the home without obedience years of its life.

force, obtained, obedience physical not through

I desire to elements mention home With these of love. but through the element is no There

service, another, that is every mutual one and "home"without love. You may have a palace working for the others. If some pernicious theories

and yet not have a home, and you may live in were permitted to prevail and take out from the a log house with a dirt roof, and a dirt floor, and home the relationship of parents to children and glorious there the in all have the most home children to parents, and children to each other, world, four those if within log walls there permethey would deprive humanity of one of the greatest ates the divine principle of love, love that draws means of teaching the true spirit of Christ from husband to wife and from children to parsacrifice for one another, salvation through servents blessed that obedience and compliance that ice. Oh, that home is most beautiful in which

life makes worth while.

each strives to serve the other in unselfish service.

I believe firmly that parents fail to get obedience from their children during the first five years Honor, obedience, mutual service, eternity of of childhood. I believe that during that most imthe marriage relation—these spell home, and they

portant period of child life the parents sow the comprehend the spirit in which the principles seeds of obedience or disobedience. Some of us of life and salvation should be taught to children.

fill that period of child life with too many don'ts, God help us as parents to send from our homes failing to make the child realize that a request boys and girls who do not hesitate to bear testifrom father, a request from mother should be mony of their membership in the Church; boys

complied with. Mother says: "Don't touch that,"and girls who are eager to go out and witto the little child. The little child toddles along ness to the world that the marriage relationship

and touches it. What is the result? The seeds is an eternal one, that the home is a permanent

of disobedience are sown. You don't have to punand eternal institution against which no theory

ish the little child. Lovingly, kindly, but firmly, that strikes at the purity and honor of womanteach the child that there are rules in the house hood, that deprives children of fatherhood, or the

which should be obeyed. Mothers, fathers, love of mother, can stand.

Why Should Family Prayers Be Held?

by John A. Widtsoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE (Reprinted from THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, June 1943)

little, if any, to needs are many. his understand being."know and He has God and Man's of himself (Discourses to supply them. ThereEdition, 1941 power Brigham Young, of p.

fore, he turns to God for the necessary help. 42.)

This he can properly do, for the Lord, who has Prayer may be offered concerning all righteous placed man on earth with limited powers, has activities. The Lord is concerned with every

declared himself ready to assist his children. He phase of human welfare, material or spiritual. In

has given them the privilege to address Divinity, the words of the Prophet Joseph Smith:

with the assurance of being heard. Indeed, he "We would say to the brethren, seek to know

has requested them to approach him in prayer God in your closets, call upon him in the fields.

for guidance in solving life's problems. Follow the directions of the Book of Mormon,

Prayer is really the beginning of wisdom. By and pray over, and for, your families, your cattle,

prayer, communion between man and God is esyour flocks, your herds, your corn, and all things tablished and maintained. It brings man and his that you possess; ask the blessing of God upon

Maker into close association. Earnest, sincere all your labors, and everything that you engage

prayer places man in tune with heaven and with in."(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p.

the Beings who dwell therein. The knowledge 247.)

and power thus gained from the unseen world are Such prayers may be offered at any time, on very real. Brigham Young said: bended knees in the closet or family circle, or

"If we draw near to him, he will draw near to when walking, driving, or working, in public or us; if we seek him early, we shall find him; if we in private. One should do all that he does in

apply our minds faithfully and diligently day by the spirit of prayer.

day, to know and understand the mind and will "I do not know any other way for the Latterof God, it is as easy as, yes, I will say easier than day Saints than for every breath to be virtually a it is to know the minds of each other, for to know prayer for God to guide and direct his people, and and understandourselves and our own being is that he will never suffer us to possess anything

Evidences and Reconciliations 790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that will be an injury to us. I am satisfied that Church. It represents the patriarchal order, which

this should be the feeling of every Latterday is the order of heaven. All members of this unit

Saint in the world. If you are. making a bargain, should be conscious of the family needs and should

if you are talking in the house, visiting in the soregularly and unitedly petition the Lord for his cial party, going forth in the dance, every breath blessings. Unless this is done, family ties are

should virtually be a prayer that God will preweakened, and the blessings of the Lord may be serve us from sin and from the effects of sin."withheld. A happier understanding prevails among

(Discourses of Brigham Young, 1941 Edition, pp. families who pray together. Therefore, every

4344.) effort should be made to engage the family regularThe sacred importance of prayer demands, howly in prayer.

ever, that certain periods for prayer be set aside Family prayers also become a training school regularly, daily, when all distracting elements are for the younger members of the family. They

absent. When the set time comes, prayers should acquire the habit of prayer, which usually rebe offered. They are more important than the mains with them throughout life. They are

trivial duties that often take us away from the altar taught how to pray as they listen to their elders.

of prayer. They are given practice in vocal prayer, before

Prayer should be direct and simple as if spoken others, as they are asked to take their turn in to our earthly father. Routine forms of prayer prayer. Children who have been brought up unshould be avoided. The words spoken are less der the influence of family prayer, remain

important than the humble faith in which they stauncher in their faith, live more conscientious are uttered. "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire, lives, and look back gratefully upon the family

uttered or unexpressed."It is the spirit of prayer prayers of their childhood. Parents who do not

that gives life to our desires. The direct simplicity have family prayers make sad mistakes.

of the Lord's prayer should be kept in mind. It is not wise for one member of the family to

While we should feel free to open our hearts be voice in prayer constantly. It is better for all

to the Lord, yet the things sought in prayer should members of the family to take their turns in praybe necessary to our welfare, as explained by Presiing. The short prayer of the lisping child is

dent Joseph F. Smith: transmuted by heavenly forces into a petition of

"My brethren and sisters, let us remember and power, dealing with all the needs of the family.

call upon God and implore his blessings and his It is selfish for any one member of the family to favor upon us. Let us do it, nevertheless, in wisdeprive others of the privilege of participating in

dom and in righteousness, and when we pray we family prayer.

should call upon him in a consistent and reasonRegularity is necessary to make family prayers able way. We should not ask the Lord for that effective. There should be at least one daily famwhich is unnecessary or which would not be beneily prayer; two are better. When labor and other

ficial to us. We should ask for that which we conditions permit, there should be a morning and

need, and we should ask in faith, 'nothing waveran evening prayer. In many families, terms of

ing, for he that wavereth,'as the apostle said, employment are such that all the family cannot 'is like the wave of the sea, driven by the wind gather at a morning hour. In practically every

and tossed. For let not that man think that he home, however, all members of the family are

shall receive anything of the Lord.'But when present at the evening meal. That may then be

we ask of God for blessings let us ask in the faith the best time for prayer. All kneel around the

of the gospel, in that faith that he has promised table or elsewhere and supplicate the Lord for to give to those who believe in him and obey his help and guidance before the meal begins.

commandments."(Gospel Doctrine, 1939 Edition, President Brigham Young wrote to his family

page 218.) an impressive communication relative to the daily

Every prayer is heard, and every sincere prayer family prayer in his household:

is answered. They who pray should be content "I have felt moved upon to write the following,

to await the answer at the time and in the manfor the perusal of my family, and to which I call ner comporting with God's wisdom. He knows their serious attention.

what is for our good and bestows his blessings ac- "There is no doubt but that my family, one and cordingly. The testimony of untold millions all, will acknowledge that my time is as precious

that their prayers have been heard is a convincing to me as theirs is to them. When the time aptestimony that God hears and answers prayer. pointed for our family devotion and prayer comes,

A prayer is not complete unless gratitude for I am expected to be there; and no public business,

blessings received is expressed. It is by the power no matter how important, has been able to influof the Lord that we "live and move and have our ence me to forego the fulfilment of this sacred duty

being."This should be frankly stated as we pray which I owe to you, to myself and to God.

to our Father in heaven. "I do not wish to complain of you without a

Private prayer has been enjoined upon us, but cause; but I have noticed at prayer time that only

we are also commanded to pray as families and a portion of my family has been present; some of

in public meetings. A united prayer, one in which my wives are absent visiting a sister, a neighbor,

many join, comes with greater strength and power a mother or a relative; my children are scattered

before the Lord. "In union there is strength."all over town, attending to this or that; and if at

The family is the ultimate unit of the organized (Concluded on page 827)

NOVEMBER 1952 791 achieve. All this, and much more

could be said of her, notwithstanding that she was the youngest of nine children, five surviving, and worked, along with her widowed mother, from the time that she was ten, and had no formal schooling. Her brief,

selftold story, privately printed after her death in Logan, Utah, at the age of eightyeight, is well worth reading."[This story appears on page

808 of this issue.]

If we shall look into the hearts and lives and faith and courage and conviction of these two, David and Annie

Shackleton Bowen, who found one another on the new frontier, and who married and reared ten children in a log cabin on a frontier farm, we shall find emerging a composite portrait and shall begin to see something of the materials that have gone into the making of an uncommon man—Albert Ernest Bowen, who arrived on the family scene on the last

day of October 1875, at an obscure and unpromising outpost, Henderson

Creek, near Samaria, Idaho, as the seventh child of the family.

Faith and work and frugality were the family fare on the farm on which he was reared. He learned about

the real values of real things and of the toil it takes to bring them into being. He learned about wrestling

—Kay Hart Photo with nature for the family food.

Elder Albert E. Bowen

Spendingmoney was almost unknown, but wheat from the family bin served many purposes—as food,

and as a medium of trade for such essentials as were available. Albert E. Bowen

As a boy Albert helped his Bowen freight A LESSON FROM ONE MANS LIFE father to grain and produce by Richard L. Evans Ogden, Collinston, Corrine, when he

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY was barely old enough to drive a team. Also as a boy of about ten

Weso presentmuch forthishisstorysake—althoughof him not yearsThento thewe yearcould1860cometo seedowna lovely,four yearster inheStarhomesteadedValley withone hardhis eldestwinhis record richly deserves it; warmhearted girl, recently of Lonbrother, John, a winter in which

but we present it, as he would have don, England, Annie Shackleton by they lived mostly on venison. Hard

us do, for the counsel and comfort name—a girl of twenty years who work, serious purpose, honor, and an

and encouragement of a generation loved the finer things of life—walking earnest awareness of life's obligaof young people who are wrestling across the plains with an oxteam tions and opportunities were all part

with difficult days. company. of his early discipline and teaching

To understand Albert E. Bowen It was she of whom Brother Bowen and training.

and some of his distinguishing qualihas recorded: "Her written and During the years of his youth, an

ties of character, it may be well to spoken English was chaste and insistent yearning for knowledge had go back a century or so to see some proper. Her treasures of rrfemory somehow filtered through, from his

of his antecedents. It may be well were the branches that ran over mother's influence and others', and

to begin by going back some ninetythe wall, and blossomed in the deserts as he neared the age of twenty, at six years to see David Bowen, a of the west. They were the intelhis own request and following a famconvert from Wales, walking with a lectual oases in an otherwise barren ily council; his father drove him to

handcart company across the plains, wilderness to which the ohildren Logan to attend Brigham Young Col- a thousand miles, for his faith, leavturned for inspiration and by which lege, where he was soon followed by ing all behind and not looking back. they were fired with ambition to his older brother Charles. As he en792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

encouragement in many ways to the Albert R. and Robert R., their young

youth today who are discouraged by and lovely mother died. With this

the delays of life. sorrow and this added responsibility,

He had met Aletha E. Reeder of the career he was carving out for

Hyde Park, Utah, whom he married himself was much more difficult but immediately following graduation. not deserted. With the kind of fixed

This might have seemed the time for purpose and determined courage for settling down, but he accepted the which he has been known for some call that came to serve the Church threequarters of a century, Albert as a missionary in Switzerland and E. Bowen entered the Chicago School

Germany. For this he left his young of Law in 1908. His intended destiwife, who herself was full of faith, nation when he left for the East was

and who, with small earnings, helped Harvard, where he planned to purto keep him on his mission. The sue the study of history and to follow

record shows, and his companions the teaching profession. However,

testify, that he did his work with the during a stopover in Chicago he met thoroughness and devotion and earDean Hall of the Law School of the nestness of purpose with which he has University of Chicago, who was imdone everything in life. pressed with the young man from

The more than two years that he Utah and persuaded him to stop and remained in the mission field would study law at Chicago.

bring him near to the age of twentyBrother Bowen finished at Chinine (mentioned again for the encago in 1911 with the degree of couragement of those who are imDoctor of Jurisprudence and with patient with the seeming interruptions added honors as one of the three and delays of life). Upon his return members of his class to be elected to

home he was sought after and acthe Order of the Coif, a distinguished cepted a position on the faculty of legal fraternity for those who excel

Brigham Young College at Logan. in the study of law.

Here he served as a successful teacher Let it be noted here that he was who touched the hearts and helped then nearing thirtysix. Let it also

to bring a wholesome hunger to the be noted (for the sake of young peominds of the young people who came ple who feel that they have lost hopewithin the sphere of his influence. lessly much of their lives if they don't

But soon there came a sudden and have their preparation and training

Aletha Reeder Bowen (deceased), severe sorrow and loss in his life. behind them in their teens or twenfirst wife of Albert E. Bowen and the In 1905, in giving birth to twin sons, ties) that a late start may be a great

mother of his twin sons.

tered this era of his life, he has often described himself as the greenest of the, species of "country cousins."

Since he had received no previous highschool opportunity it was necessary for him to complete his highschool work along with college courses. But it was not long before

his real worth, his capacity for concentration, his willingness to work brought results. His appreciation of

privileges that had come to him with an insatiable love for learning led him successfully through a college career that culminated in his receiving an A.B. degree from Brigham

Young College in 1902, with distinction and high honors. Meanwhile,

he had become a parttime member of the Brigham Young College faculty with the opportunity to teach as well as to learn.

Some would say that this was already a late start, since he was nearing twentyseven years of age, unmarried, and uncommitted to any career. AlbertTheE.; BowenLucy GatesFamilyBowenabout(deceased),1930. Leftand toRobertright:R. AlbertBowen. R. TheBowen;two

But, what follows could offer much sons are twins.

NOVEMBER 1952 793 David Bowen, father of AlAnnie Shackleton Bowen, Albert E. Bowen at the time

bert E. Bowen. mother of Elder Bowen. he was a practicing attorney.

beginning—if the elements of earnestuncommon men of legal mind, Presijudgment and stubborn in his inness and industry are included. dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and Preston sistent search for facts. No man

As an accredited lawyer back in D. Richards, in the firm of Clark, ever rushed A. E. Bowen into a hasty

Logan, Brother Bowen became a Richards, and Bowen. decision or into speaking a loose

member of the firm of Nebeker, Brother Bowen set up the articles sentence or a rash word. His opThatcher, and Bowen and served the of incorporation for many substantial ponents may have been exasperated

community and won its confidence. and enduring businesses. He was a by his deliberateness at times, but

He became particularly sought after trusted and valued adviser of the they always respected his appraisal in matters pertaining to irrigation Eccles interests, and was attorney for of actual evidence and his ethics and law. He has left his imprint on much the Utah Construction Company. He honor and honesty, for when he has

of the irrigation law of Utah and in had much to do with the Six Compansaid that something was so, it has been

Idaho. He was connected with much ies'contract in the building of the because he has long considered it

litigation for irrigation companies inHoover Dam. He served insurance and believed it to be so. These and

volving the use of the Bear River for companies and building and loan inother qualities won for him an enpower and other purposes. He was terests, and organized the American viable eminence as a trial lawyer as

elected Cache County attorney for Savings and Loan Association of well as a valued counselor in corpotwo terms and in 1916 received the which he was once president. rate and personal problems.

Republican nomination as a candidate He has been a trusted professional In 1928 he was made president of for the Supreme Court of the State counselor to whom people have the Utah Bar Association, with a of Utah. opened their hearts with their most term the previous year as vice presiEleven years after the death of his intimate personal problems, knowing dent of that organization. He has

first wife, Brother Bowen met and that his judgment would be conenjoyed and still enjoys the deepmarried Emma Lucy Gates, a grea<t sidered and that their confidences rooted respect of his associates in the artist in her own right. She kept would be kept. One of his great practice and profession of law. He

for him a home of unusual interest qualities and characteristics has been also served in the law school as a and activity where distinguished comthe keeping of confidences. Friends or parttime teacher at the University

pany came and went, where there clients could place in his hands the of Utah and is fondly and favorably was culture and a love of learning most delicate and difficult things afremembered by his students there as and a buoyant appreciation of the fecting their lives and their fortunes elsewhere.

finer things of life as well as an abidwithout fear of any betrayal of trust He currently serves as a director ing faith in its ultimate objectives. or without fear that even an inadand member of the executive commitHe found pride in and appreciation vertent utterance would expose their tee of the UtahIdaho Sugar Co.,

for her notable career, as she found problems or position. the Radio Service Corporation of

pride in appreciation for his quiet Normal working hours had no Utah, and the First National Bank of and capable distinction. Together meaning for him. He expected and Salt Lake City. He has been a dithey reared and taught his two sons took little surcease from labor. He rector, president, and chairman of the

who filled missions where their pored over the problems of his clients board of the Deseret News, and is a father had filled his mission and who at the office and at home far into the director of the Utah Fuel Company, have followed in his footsteps in the hours of the night, and made a pracand a trustee of Brigham Young Unilegal profession. tice of being always early at the versity.

Friends induced the Bowen family office. In all his professional and civic

to come to Salt Lake City where he In court and out he has been tenservice and in all his personal and became a law partner of two other acious for truth and deliberate in family activities and obligations, he 794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA has never lost sight of the faith of his fathers, which is his faith and which has provided the moving power and unswerving objective of his life.

Always he has had the courage and the wisdom to keep his life wellbalanced and to reserve some of his time and means to the service of his

Father in heaven. Always he has

been actively identified with the purposes and organizations and activities of the Church. His own childhood was filled with its faith and

influence. His missionary service came

at a difficult and inconvenient time but with him there was no turning back.

He served as superintendent of the

Cache Stake Sunday School for four The mother, brothers and sisters of Albert E. Bowen as they appeared about

years before coming to Salt Lake 1927; front row, left to right: Walter F. Bowen, David J. Bowen, Lewis J.

City. He served in the cause of the Bowen; second row, Emma Bowen Young, Annie Shackleton Bowen, mother of

the Religion Classes and served some theMaryfamily,BowenandHawkins,Agnes Bowenand EdithWaldron;Bowen.third row, C. F. Bowen, Albert E. Bowen,

twelve years as a member of the

general board of the Deseret Sunit meant the closing of a beloved legal day School Union from which imcareer, again for him there was no portant position he was released to turning back. Few who heard it

become general superintendent of the will forget the simple eloquent utYoung Men's Mutual Improvement terance with which he responded to

Association in 1935, succeeding Presithat call on that conference morning dent George Albert Smith. Those over fifteen years ago—an utterance

who sat on that board under his of less than five minutes, which gave leadership, testify of his dignity, abilevidence of an impressive outpouring ity, faithfulnes, forthTightness, and of restrained power, of devotion and considerate concern for all the probsacrifice and faith and conviction lems and all the people—and of the uttered with an unforgettable impact

sincere affection in which he is held in a few choicely chosen words.

by his associates. He has since served the Church

His next move in Church service in innumerable ways: in the Welfare

was his call to become a member of Program, (for which he wrote a course the Council of the Twelve Apostles of study) in the field of education; in

in April 1937, to which position business, in legal matters, and his

President Grant called him at his wise counsel has been felt on a wide office one conference morning with front. A series of radio talks he gave

virtually no notice. Notwithstanding (Continued on page 845)

NOVEMBER 1952 795 As througha partyAfricaof doctors,to study travelingtropical diseases, set up camp for the night, they were startled by the sudden charge of a maddened bull elephant. A hunter, attached to the

party, snatched up a rifle and placed himself in the path of the charging beast. As he raised the gun to his

shoulder he realized that it was the Bull's-Ey wrong one. The rifle in his hands

was ordinarily considered too light for elephant hunting. It was too by Earl Stowell

late to change it and if he dropped it and attempted to save himself, the the gleanings from over twentyfive Just as calmly as the hunter had damage that the elephant would do years of walking by the side of young prepared to meet the charging eleto the camp might mean the loss of people. If you are still young, you phant, Bill let a big grin spread over

the entire expedition. Slowly he will enjoy these tales of courage his face as he fired shot number one:

raised the gun, waited a tiny bit wherein young men and young "I can remember when my mother longer than usual and then pumped women had the courage and the skill used to send me from the table to four shots into the elephant as coolly to score a perfect bullseye. How wash my neck. That sure used to

as if he had been firing at a stationcan you tell if you are still young? gripe me."

If a new idea is something to be "Yeah, me too,"came Jim's anexamined for its true possibilities and swer as though he had found another with a dash of eagerness, even thing that he had in common with though the answer may contain an Bill.

element of danger, you are still young. Bill waited a couple of seconds and

Jim was an ordinary sort of fellow, put in shot number two, still keeping if you can call any fellow ordinary the grin on his face and being very in this day and age. By ordinary, I careful not to let the faraway look

mean that he had an average job, leave his face."

a wife, and a little girl. He lived "I used to swear that when I grew

in a modest home: in the moderatelyup I'd wash once a month and that

priced part of town. Sunday mornwould be all."

ing he mowed the lawn, washed the "Just the way I used to feel,"was car, and then took the family for an Jim's rejoinder.

outing. Bill braced his feet and let shot

Bill Edwards and his new bride number three fly:

moved in next door, and before long "Wonder why I never kept that he and Jim were getting acquainted. resolution. It sure was strong at the

Jim invited Bill and his wife to go time."

with them the following Sunday on "Good night, you'd get germs and—Photo by Lambert he'da driveliketo totheiflake.Jim couldBill repliedwait untilthat allYou'rethatoldstuffenoughif younowdidn'tto realizewash.

ary target. The elephant, seeming after Sunday School to go. (Sorry that you have to keep clean."

to shake the earth as he lunged that I cannot report that Bill sugBill drew the bead on the bullseye, ahead, hesitated, staggered, and gested going on a day other than and number four was a direct hit.

dropped dead at the hunter's feet. Sunday, but that is the trouble with "You know, that may be like going

When the other members of the telling stories about real people. Even to Sunday School. My dad made me

expedition rushed up they expressed the heroes, in real life, have faults.) go, too, but now I know it's good for

amazement at the hunter's accomJim came back with one of the stock me, my wife, and for the family we plishment with the light rifle. The statements that has had missionaries want some day. Maybe that's why

hunter passed it off saying, "The rifle scratching their heads for a long I go. Couldn't afford to stay away

was perfect for the job, provided I time. any more than I could afford to give

did my part by making every shot a "When I was a kid, my dad made up a lot of other things that I know bullseye."me go to Sunday School so regularly are good for me."

This story may be pure fiction, but that I learned to hate it. I swore Suddenly Jim realized that his old

those that follow are all based on that when I grew up I'd never go excuse wouldn't hold water any more.

actual facts. They represent some of again."{Continued on page 838)

Through the Eyes of YOUTH796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOVEMBER 1952 797.""..... Go ye into all the World

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR

Wyandot tribe, near Sandusky, Ohio,

And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach and the members of the Delaware na-4 the gospel to every creature. tion, near Independence, Missouri. It

He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that was while on this mission, that the

believeth not shall be damnecI. (Mark 16:15, 16.) Prophet Joseph Smith designated the

center place of Zion at Independence.

Missionaries can still take heart in the testimony of Brigham Young conis essentially a missionary "You liar!"cried the landlord, "get out of cerning his conversion and baptism,This shan't stay one minute with in 1832. He said: house—you Church. Its history is rich with my books.'"2 your

the willing sacrifices of its members

If all the talent, tact, wisdom and rein the furtherance of missionary enSick at heart, the twentytwo-yearfinement of the world had been sent to me deavor. The first missionary of the old missionary slept that night on the with the Book of Mormon, and had derestoration was, of necessity, the fourdamp ground, under a friendly apple clared in the most exalted of earthly eloit, to of prove undertaking the truth quence, Smithteenyear-old Prophet Joseph continued tree. he But determined,

it they worldly learning wisdom, and by first vision. Hisfollowing his great he, his journey, on this and it was to like the been smoke which would have me

audience were his immediate family mission, who first contacted the Revarises only to vanish away. But I saw a

and his close neighbors. erend John P. Greene, who was first to man without eloquence or talents for public

say, the could only by "I know who orthe time was Church At the this discuss of the of that the Book Holy Ghost power reof state theganized, New York of erin-law is newhis—BrighamChurch withYoung.a brothspeaking is a true, that Joseph Smith Mormon

to begin six legallyquired members proLord,"the of the Ghost Holy Prophet a religious organization. These six One of the first missionary efforts ceeding from that individual illuminated my

men have been named as Oliver in the Church was directed to the understanding, and light, glory and immorencircled tality before by I was me. wereCowdery, Joseph Smith, Jun. (the Lamanites—Indians—on the western filled with them, for mythem, I knew and

Prophet), Hyrum Smith, Peter Whitborders of the United States. This self that the testimony was true. 6

mer, Jun., Samuel H. Smith, and came as a result of a revelation reDavid Whitmer. Some of these had ceived in October 1830. 8 The missionCanada, the neighbor to the north,

been baptized previously, but all were aries labored among the Catteraugus was the first country beyond the baptized on the day of the organiza-1 tribe, near Buffalo, New York, the boundaries of the United States to retion of the Church, April 6, 1830. 2History of Joseph Smith by his Mother, Lucy Mack "Autobiography of Parley P. Pratt, 54ff, cited in

Samuel H. Smith, the Prophet's Smith, 169. D.H.G. I:83ff.

brother, has been popularly called 3D. & G. 32. journal of Discourses 1:90.

the first missionary of the Church.

(His name is among sixteen on a list in the Historian's Office as having answered the call for missionary service in 1830.) His mother has

told this oftrepeated story:

On the thirtieth of June [1830] Samuel started on the mission to which he had been set apart by Joseph, and in traveling twentyfive miles, which was his first day's journey, he stopped at a number of places in order to sell his books, but was turned outof-doors as soon as he declared his principles. When

evening came on, he was faint and almost discouraged, but coming to an inn, which was surrounded with every appearance of plenty, he called to see if the landlord would buy one of the books. On going in, Samuel

enquired of him, if he did not wish to purchase a history of the origin of the Indians.

"I do not know,"replied the host; "how

did you get hold of it?"

"It was translated,"rejoined Samuel, "by my brother, from some gold plates that he found buried in the earth."

this 1:76. the Church, History Documentary of On baptism. is his first missionary thrilling experiences of a young of the most One the possibilis concerning footnote an interesting page

islands. Sea of the South in one being performed of a baptism picture shows the This six members ity than being of there more

Church before it was legally organized. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 798

ceive the missionaries, the elders being objected and told the brethren if they had to as he let Parley to give have it,sent there in 1832. It was here, in anything

to support means and needed had a family 1836, that John Taylor, an English for publishing. At the close of the meeting

preacher, joined the Church: John Elder Woodruff expressed his regret at the

Taylor, the "Champion of Right,"course taken by Elder Taylor, as he had they called him, who was to be left been waiting for him, and at last had enfor dead at Carthage on that fearful gagedElderhisTaylor:passage."Well, Brother Woodruff,

day of martyrdom of the Prophet and if you think it best for me to go, I will acthe Patriarch, but who was yet to company you."

raise his voice again in proclaiming Elder Woodruff: "But where will you get

money?"the gospel to the nations of the earth, the

Elder and who became the third President culty aboutTaylor:that. "Oh,Go andtheretakewilla bepassageno diffifor

of the Church. me on your vessel, and I will furnish you

the means.

Tn 1837 the work was expanded when A Brother Theodore Turley, hearing the the Prophet sent Elder Heber C. Taylorabove conversation,had resourcesandunknownthinkingto thathimselfElderor

Kimball of the Council of the Twelve Brother Woodruff said: "I wish I could go

and Elders Willard Richards and with you, I would do your cooking and wait

Joseph Fielding to Great Britain. The on you."

work was established, and Elder KimThe passage to be secured was in the ball returned to the United States in steerage—these missionaries were not going

necessity the ease—hence

proposed Brother Turley 1838. In 1839 the members of the onof suchfloweryservicebeds asof

Council of the Twelve answered the—Courtesy Deseret NewsTelegram rendering. In answer to this appeal, Elder

call to go on missions to Great Taylor told Brother Woodruff to take a

Francis A. Child Elder also. for Turley, Brother newly appointed passage missions,Britain. their began They the Mission director of Home. these arrangements time of making At theleaving their loved ones and homes the Spirit but money, Taylor no Elder had

condition. pitiablein Brigham Young

in started Montnecessary on his journey thus far, hadforthcoming,whisperedandto whenhim thathad meansthat still,wouldsmallbehad from his home rose, Iowa, sick, and managed to get after paying his cab -fare to the house voice failed him! Although he did not ask

per- P. of various Pratt anyone, for from Parley Brother he had a penny far to of asas he Nauvoo, where went

donations in voluntary he received sons left. Still the cent he was but one in also ailing the thebed home of for his to engagements meet enough money to poverty, earth last plead on man Kimball. hearing C.Heber of Turley, himself Brother Upon and the passage

this, Mrs. Young, not too well herself, and in answer to inquiries of some but no more.

came across the river to nurse her of the brethren as to his financial Elder Taylor and his two companions circumstances, that he he replied of 1839, the 19th December on had embarked for the departurehusband. day A

arrived after a prosperous very voyage and of money. set, sufplenty Kimball, Brother 7 andwas 11th, 1840. Liverpool, in January

Pratt, to Brother reported This wasfering ague, bodily helped with was into the wagon. who the next day approached Elder Perhaps Brigham Young best sums

"Hold up,"he said to the teamster, Taylor on the subject: up the work of the Twelve on this

is this pretty"Brother Brigham,

Pratt: "Brother Elder Taylor, I hear you mission to Great Britain: a cheer."let us givetough, but them

of plenty have money."

Elder Young, with much difficulty, Elder Taylor: "Yes, Brother Pratt, that's It was with a heart full of thanksgiving

rose to his feet, and joined Elder true."and gratitude to God, my Heavenly Father,

Kimball in swinging his hat and Elder Pratt: "Well, I am about to publish that I reflected upon his dealings with me

of the during the brethren Twelve and my Voice Millennial and Poems, Warning of myshouting, hurrah, "Hurrah, hurrah life, in of spent past year which was my of in very need money, and if much I am for Israel!"Kimand Sisters Young It to look truly a miracle seemed England. furnish could or three hundred two you me

ball, hearing the cheer came to the dollars, I should be very much obliged."upon the contrast between our landing and

the in Liverpool. departure from We landed diffiParley, Taylor: Brother Elder great "Well, you Kimball withdoor—Sister

in a strange strangers of as spring 1840, if are to it will I have, anything welcome be ill, too, aculty as she was waved the penniless, mercy but through land and of service to you."Apostlesfarewell; conthe two and esfriends, gained have many we of God "I Pratt: the never Elder time saw when

their journeytinued every noted in churches almost tablished be would without purse or means more acceptable."

of city in the Great kingdom town andscrip, to England. Elder Taylor: "Then you are welcome to

Elder John Taylor was so sick en all I have."Britain, baptized between seven and eight

of printed Books 5,000 thousand, Mormon, his putting his into pocket, hand And left to thatroute York he was New of the books, 2,500 volumes 3,000 hymn Elder his cent. Taylor gave copper him A arrived did dieto die. not but He tracts, emiStar, 60,000 and Millennial and followed. laugh

souls, established a after to the 1,000in grated Zion sometime York New I thought "But it out you gave that you will agency, shipping be which permanentothers. of plenty said Parley. had money,"

left Saints, the to blessing and have a great arrived Elder Taylor When in New I so re- "Yes, have,"Elder Taylor and of the hearts thousands the in many sown

York, Elder Woodruff had been there plied. "I am well clothed; you furnish me seeds of eternal truth, which will bring forth

some time, and was impatient to plenty to eat and drink and good lodging: fruit to the honor and glory of God, and

all as over, these things and a penny to eat, drink, or nothing lacked have I yet we for as yet the with England, butembark is that plenty?"nothing, not owe I all the things in acknowledge these wear,former with means no had which 8 at a Elder evening council meeting That of God. hand

for his ocean to pay passage. Alassist that the Pratt brethren Elder proposed

7274. Taylor, Roberts, 7B. Life John pp. of H. all the supplied withthough means to his to with passage Taylor means pay cited diary, April 1841, Millennial 8Brigham Young

as Brother prepared Star XXVI:7. Woodruff was 6B. H. Roberts, Comprehensive History of the Church, England

to go. Elder Taylor and desired 11:24. To this (Continued on page 855)

NOVEMBER 1952 799 II

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA - P"'South

I SAMOAN

% <?* 4 'oVItahitianI

\ JtonganJ Former Missions and Other Lands

Where Missionaries Have Labored

LEGEND Present Missions Former Fields of Labor

EGYPT 1841 CHINA 1853 J i NEW ZEALAND 1 JERSEY ISLANDS 1847 GIBRALTAR 1853

ITALY 1850 WEST INDIES 1853 CHILE 1851 TURKEY 1884 ICELAND 1851 HUNGARY 1885 IfJ DIA 1851 ASIA MINOR 1887.

BURMA 1852 BELGIUM 1889 MALTA 1852 RUSSIA 1903 SIAM 1853 CZECHOSLOVAKIA 1929 PALESTINE 1841, 1886, and 1924

NOVEMBER 1952 801 bed after the mule kicked him. And

Andrew, his father, had often said theand moneythings foryoutheborrowedsharecroppersfor the downstove

Every day would be Christmas—the"Thoseroad."folks were in need."

"I know—but one man can't carry

the whole world's burden on his shoulders. The point is, Henry, you

mortgaged the house to get the money, and now the bank wants what's due it."If All Men Were Brothers She shook her head a trifle futilely,

and her eyes blinked back the moist by W. E. Brocklehurst gleam that came into them.

V\r. Boone stood staring at the gray

Strange how your dominant charThen, Martha stepped from the floor, his hands clasped behind acteristic can sometimes be an parlor onto the porch and sat in him—like a small boy who has just reideal to others and, at the same the wicker rocker. He turned to ceived a scolding. He knew Martha

time, your own worst enemy. Soonface the expectancy wrinkling her had spoken the truth; he'd gone beer or later you'll come to realize the forehead. He know she'd been waityond his limit. He knew he had to

danger involved. You'll strive to ing for him to come to a decision. repay the bank. But how?

overpower it—for your own good, But he hadn't. Martha answered the question.

for others, perhaps. But no matter He sighed, shook his head slowly. She turned to him. "We've got to

how intense the desire, how strenuous "I don't know, Martha—I don't do something, Henry—and there's

the effort, an innate sense—call it know. Folks hereabout depend on only one thing we can do. We'll

subconscious rebellion if you will me."move to the city. People there are

refuses to allow suppression of that She tried to be gently persuasive, well, just people. You won't feel

characteristic. So it will remain but her voice was tinged with inobliged to them as you do to those

through life—an enemy of yours, sistence. here. And you're a good physician.

something wonderful to others. "I know, Henry."She moved forYou'll have a practice in no time."

Such was the paradox called Dr. ward slightly, her knuckles white on Dr. Boone's composure remained

Henry Boone. the arms of the rocker. "But what unchanged. "And the house?"he

Through the window of his small, about tomorrow? That's what counts. asked calmly.

wellarranged, downtown office, the We're not young any more."Then, "Let the bank take it over. What

doctor watched as late afternoon she added, "We're not too old to else—?"

shoppers, five stories below, hurried start again, either."Of course, she couldn't know

against a swirling snowstorm. He Dr. Boone shrugged passively. outwardly, Dr. Boone seemed so unclasped his hands behind him and "Where shall we start?"ruffled

rocked slowly back and forth on his "At the beginning,"she said. "You He walked to the screen again,

heels. He wasn't the worrying kind, were born and reared here—that's stood looking across the black, gentlybut there was Martha to consider. why you feel about the people as you rolling farm lands. He didn't know

It was difficult earning a living in do. You've doctored them—canceled how long, but he heard the squeak

the city—far more difficult than it their fees when they couldn't pay—of the rocker, the parlor door open

had been in the country. And the didn't mind that, Henry. When I left and close. He was thinking of Anway things had been going these past the city seventeen years ago to marry drew, his father—and something he'd

few years—so few patients, the you, I knew what it meant. I underoften said. "If all men were brothers,

meager income.... stood. You can't measure real wealth every day would be Christmas...."

No doubt about it. Something had by material things. But you overSo it came to pass that Dr. Boone

to be done. stepped reasonable limits. First it moved to the city. True, his office

six was small and his treatment room Dr. Boone clearly remembered was Tom Pitkins—you borrowed

one day over three years ago. He'd hundred dollars from the bank to smaller. True, during the past three

been standing just like this, but on tide him over when his peanut crop years, he'd never been able to afthe screened sideporch of his own went bad. He never paid it back."ford a nurse. Martha never could

country home. It was spring, and "Never had it to spare."stand the sight of blood. Anyway,

the pleasant odor of blackfurrowed "Nor will he ever,"Martha prophher predictions had been partly reearth filled the air around the white esied. "—Then, it was old Cebe solved. He had a practice, though

frame house. The problem he ponWilliams—five hundred to see his small. And no one had asked his

dered paralleled his present one. family through the months he lay in assistance other than the patients

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who paid his fees. But these were The man who entered couldn't have knew that with some, pride was the

too few and far between. Too many been over forty, yet his face bore last, desperate surrender. And some-

—especiallyestablished practicesone fromfor thea newcomercountry! deepDamplinessplotchesand aonsignificanthis tatteredpinch.suit how,office. this man had been led to his

Dr. Boone turned from the office evidenced where snowflakes had "Everything's going to be all

window and walked to the scarred melted. He shivered, and his darkright,"he said. "I'll get my satchel,

walnut desk. He glanced at the blank ringed, bewildered eyes implored Dr. and we'll go see what we can do about

appointment pad, knew it wasn't Boone to listen to his story. the missus and little ones."

there. use his patients beingmuch And Dr. Boone did. No A spark brightened the man's eyes,. in called days. twohad even Not

a telephone ring. Well, he couldn't was one not unfamiliar to the like the sun on wet fields after a It summer storm.go on like this. There were debts doctor. The story of a man's long

But Dr. Boone did not see it. Heobligations—almost every day of the illness, of convalescence without outweek, in the city. His old home had side help, of a wife and three children was checking the medicines and inlong been sold by the bank. What living in povertystricken surroundstruments in his satchel. He was

he and Martha had received as the ings, of a man being unable to find wondering how much of a loan he balance was gone. employment. The story of a wife could get if he mortgaged some of the

He walked to the coat rack, reand a child becoming desperately ill furniture from their country home moved the coarse woolen muffler and no funds for medical services. some that Martha had stored in the

hanging there and wrapped it around More than a man could take! city. And she wouldn't mind this

his neck. He had started to slip into When he finished, the man was time.

his overcoat when the footsteps sobbing. You see, this was the time for him

sounded outside the office door. The There were relief agencies in the to make one day a Christmas, for

knock was quick, seemingly nervous. city, Dr. Boone knew. But he also indeed, he knew, all men are brothers.

ililii

Everything's going to be all right,"he said. "I'll get my

satchel, and we'll go see what we can do about the missus and the litde ones."

NOVEMBER 1952 803 wffnirpsi'jMuitMtitMrtrmrtrnifTHa'iiioiiiiiirtiiTii.iifriiuuwiwwjunffiiiWwwTiiirii

I I $?<0>B%fl MI IIW

(Part one of a twopart story) by Alice Morrey Bailey

Azahni Yahze, Little Woman, came from school and found the letAll the things which had given awoke to inward struggle in her ter from Skipping Rock. She fished her pleasure other mornings, her

pretty white and blue room in it now from under her pillow, where skirt, gray as sand, and her sweater, the beautiful home of the Dunns, who her head had lain restless as thunder scarlet as the prickly pear blossom, were her Biligahni, white parents. through the night. From it had and the matching bobby sox, gave her

Back home in the Navajo country it poured tormenting dreams of her peonone today. What did it matter

would be time to greet the dawn. Blue ple, huddling through the winter cold, that her skin was pale as Yucca

Horse, her father, and her brothers, of her mother weeping because of her flowers, her nose was straight, and

Skipping Rock and Little Brother, absence, the still way the Navajos that her head held the pride of the would be astir. Sews Good, her mothweep, with her face turned to the log Navajos? At home they were in

er, would be building the fire under wall on her side of the hogan. want, and they needed her.

the smoke hole in the family hogan, There was no time or need to reIt was as any morning at the table.

and her grandmother, the Ancient read the letter. She put her bare Her white father was reading the

One, would be yet asleep in her own feet out of bed to the warm room, newspaper, and her white mother was hogan nearby. seeking her slippers, thrust her arms presiding at the waffle iron. They

Far were they from the fluffy gave preoccupied good morning white curtains of Azahni's bedroom, smiles.

tke fragrance of bacon coming from "Got your lessons, Lin?"asked her

the porcelain kitchen, and the radio,.white brother, Johnny, who was

singing in the living room: wolfing his breakfast much as did

her brothers at home. She and

"Fairest Lord Jesus, Johnny were in the same classes at

Ruler of all nature, school, although she was three yearsThou Son of God and man the Son—older than he.

"Yes,"she said, "all of them. The

the song they had learned in chorus algebra gave me trouble."

for the Christmas season, which was "Why'nt you call on Uncle?"

soon upon them. Far were her peoJohnny sometimes called himself

ple from Little Woman, whose Bili- "uncle,"though he was only fourgahni name was Linnet—Linnie teen, the age of Skipping Rock. He

Dunn in her schoolbooks, on the was pretty good at mathematics, and rolls of Fairmont Junior High and perhaps he did not know that an in the Sunday School of the ward uncle was a man of authority even where Mr. Dunn was bishop. above that of the father in the NavaYesterday her path had been jo home.

straight and good before her—finishIt was because of Uncle Slim Tall,

ing junior high, then high school her mother's brother who lived in while living with the Dunns, then Mesa, that she was here with the college. Perhaps she would marry Dunns at all. He was the one who

Billy, a boy from her own tribe, who had told her she must learn to read, was in the city learning to become a urging her and teaching her on his doctor, for he had looked on her into her robe, and went quickly to visits, sending her books of words with favor the night the Dunns had brush her teeth and shower. Each and bright pictures when he was

invited him to dinner, and after he thing she did brought pain to her away. He was the one who had conhad gone back to the city he had heart because she loved it—the soft vinced her mother that she should

written to her. His picture, laughing, pelting of the warm water bringing go to Tuba City to grade school.

with white teeth and black eyes, was cleanliness to her skin, the dressing on her dresser. table with the mirror, the chair up- ""Phis was not easy because she was

on which she sat to comb the curls the only girl child and her mothTt had been a good trail to follow, of her permanent and apply her liper had parted from too many chiland the Dunns had offered it. stick—because each thing sharpened dren, the older sons in marriage and

But that was yesterday, before she by contrast the poverty at home. many babies in death. One brother

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"She took nothing of her clothes or her gifts. there was no place in the family

hogan for personal belongings."

espoused always the cause of her people. He went among them as

had died on the Death March in They were the ancient enemies of friend, taking food and clothing.

Bataan, and that had left the neverher people. In joining them she was When they came on the Sevier to

healing arrow wound in her mother's making herself a traitor, forgetting top beets, he saw that they had good heart. The Ancient One was bitterly Dineh, The People. This year was housing and good wages. He had

opposed because, although the school very bad. They needed her to weave. urged all the men in his community

was Indian, with Indian teachers, it The Biligahnis had crowded the to take the Indian boys and girls into was too near "Washindon,"which Navajos onto reservations many years their homes and let them go to school was of the Biligahnis, and she had ago and robbed them ever since, as he had done, and many did.

her own reason for hating them. Blue shrinking the lands and forcing them Still it must seem to Skipping Rock

Horse and Skipping Rock were opto graze fewer sheep. Even this that she was a traitor, though it had

posed because they loved the tradilast summer the Navajo herders had not seemed so to her. It was only

tional Navajo life. When she had rebelled and driven their starving that she had the thirst for knowledge.

left, Little Brother had been a baby sheep onto the lands of the San Juan, Tuba City was only a drop of water still in the cradleboard, his big black but the Biligahnis had driven them to quench a great fire. She had come

eyes peeking through his long baby back. These were the very Mormonis on the Sevier with her people to top

hair. Leaving him had been hard, whom his sister loved. Skipping Rock beets the year of the hunger, sumbut she had gone because of Uncle. himself had been among the herders. mer before last. When the work

Now Uncle Slim Tall was dead, and It was true enough. Father Dunn was done and the Indians were leavno one spoke his name among her had read it in the paper, but he had ing for the winter, she had said all

people. been very incensed. Father Dunn the prayers she knew to stay on. The

"It will hurry you too much to do invitation of the Dunns was the anthe vacuuming this morning, Linnie,"swer to those prayers; her parents'

said her mother. "Leave it for me."consent, the magic.

"No, Mother,"said Linnet. "I Many things she had learned about

can do it very well."the home, and as she learned, she

loved. It had not seemed to be

C kipping Rock was not right. He traitorous to know of dishes and beds

said in his letter that the Biligahand chairs, of curtains and stoves, of nis only wanted her to enslave her, vacuum cleaners and radios, for the no matter how soft and sly their Navajos always sought the trails upwords. He had said many other ward, the paths of beauty. One of

bitter things; that their house had Linnet's own paintings hung over the

no door to the east, which was true. (Continued on page 841)

NOVEMBER 1952 805 accuracy the size, weight, and movements of stars far beyond the horizons of the human eye. Here is one Palomar place where the phrase "out of this My world"applies with effective truthfulness.

by J. P. Tippetts Many tourists enjoy the experiences of visiting the larger telescopes

of our country and make a habit of calling a tourist's It continues to wonder. is a creature on and tion them for and of moods

scientists planets, at the peek challenge the or the the sun,Manfancies. prompted His emotions, and laymen

by his imagination, often take alike. Ancient and modern literamore distant nebulae. It renews

him afield from the dayto-day grind ture of all races abound with refertheir faith in the beauty and wonof making a living. In each life there ence to the heavens and its influence ders of their own great universe, and

are events and experiences which upon the life and habits of people. they feel the inspiration and the lift

bring home with startling impact his Few men escape the stirring init gives their prosaic quest for a livrelations to the world, other men, fluence of a glance at the stars. Most ing.

things, and institutions about him. men are fascinated by the stories they It is this impulse that has led me

Such is the thesis of this story. tell. This is especially true of our on successive occasions to the greatest

Since history began, men have alpresent age whose scientists have deof all scopes, located on Mt. Palomar

ways looked to the skies for inspiravised powerful instruments that in southern California. It is known

tion. The great dome of the heaven make it possible for man to probe the as the Palomar reflecting telescope,

with its constant array of stars and depths of the skies and enable him to the largest and most powerful in the planets continues to stir his imaginameasure and predict with uncanny world, taking its name from the mountain on which it stands.

At the first visit the immense size of the circular base and glittering dome, sitting as it does on a rather sharp ridge overlooking with its dominating size and beautiful symmetry the surrounding mountains, is sufficient to arouse a sense of wonder and amazement equal to or exceeding any of the manmade wonders of our time. When one gazes at it with

knowledge of its purpose and meaning, it is truly amazing. It is also

disturbing in its magnitude.

One feels the real significance of the structure and its power as he enters the building and takes his place with the guide on the visitors'gallery.

As one gazes through a crystal clear glass partition, the guide points out the two hundredinch reflecting lens with its assembly, the largest in the world, together with the great steel castings, the automatic motors, and mechanisms that control the heavy and intricate machinery. The whole

great dome moves in unison with the movement of the lenses, and so precise and true are its adjustments that the great lenses can photograph any part of the heavens as the operators may decide. It would take a library

of books and prints together with the best of engineering ability to picture the details of the structures with their related functions.

The whole structure is as finely drawn and as closely regulated as a fine pocket watch. It couldn't be

—Courtesy Deseret NewsTelegram otherwise to keep time, which it must

Palomar Observatory (Concluded on page 871) 806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA facts of the case and went no farther.

Moreover, the court rendered the decision in a spirit of deference and respect for the high office of the President.

Said Justice Frankfurter:

The Judiciary may, as this case proves, have to intervene in determining where authority lies as between the democratic forces in our scheme of government. But in

doing so we should be wary and humble.

It was in this spirit the court proceeded to delineate the powers of the

President, and the Congress, as well as its own responsibilities under the

Constitution. Some of the passages

that follow are as rays of living light that penetrate the darkness and dispel the confusion that exists in the minds of many Americans today, who chafe at the slow and cumbersome processes of government.

Justice Hugo L. Black, as the senior

-Horydczak photo of the six concurring justices, wrote

The Supreme Court Building in Washington, D. C. the majority opinion. He found that

the President's seizure of the steel

The Supreme Court Decision legislativeindustry wasenactment,not predicatedbut rather,upon anythe

President's advocate, Mr. Perlman,

had contended "that presidential should be implied from the in the Steel Case power aggregate of his powers under the by Jesse R. Smith Constitution."Particular reliance was

made by the solicitor general on proAmerican interested in the self a New Deal appointee. This visions in Article II, which lodged theEvery

preservation of our form of govarticle is not written to criticize the executive power in the President, and ernment should be informed as to President of the United States, who also designated that he shall be Comthe meaning of the Supreme Court's was concerned with maintaining an mander in Chief of the Army and decision of June 2, 1952. The issues uninterrupted production of steel to Navy of the United States. But,

involved and the forces at play went support our troops in Korea, but to held the court:

far beyond the question of whether emphasize the fact that the federal Even though "theater of war"be an ex- a wellmeaning Chief Executive can judiciary remains an independent panding concept, we cannot with faithfulness seize a particular industry in the abbranch of the government, the to our constitutional system hold that the sence of statutory authority. Prior to guardian of our liberty, largely beCommander in Chief of the Armed Forces

posto take as such ultimate the powerthe decision most lawyers believed cause of the wisdom of the founding has of private to keep in order session property that the President's action in seizing fathers in providing that the tenure of labor disputes from stopping production.

the steel industry was unconstitu- a federal judge shall be for "good This is a job for the Nation's lawmakers, tional. But there was widespread behavior."This very provision asnot for its military authorities.

doubt that a "reconstituted"Susures the independent thinking of Justice Black disposed of the conpreme Court, to borrow an old phrase honorable men who don the robes tention that the "executive power"of Justice Felix Frankfurter, would of our federal judiciary, once they was an authority for seizure in the rebuff the Chief Executive with whom have oriented themselves into the life following passage:

several of the justices enjoy a close, of a judge. The wisdom of the foundpersonal friendship. All nine justices ing fathers in drawing such a marvelNor can the seizure order be sustained

have been appointed by the party in ous charter of liberty, which, indeed, becausethat grantof severalexecutiveconstitutionalpower to theprovisionsPresipower, and at the time of their rewas written under the inspiration of dent. In the framework of our Constitution,

spective appointments there was a Almighty God, comes to us with rethe President's power to see that the laws general feeling that most of the selecnewed force by the Supreme Court's are faithfully executed refutes the idea that tions were made on the basis of the ruling in the steel case. he is to be a lawmaker.

political philosophy of the apThe following observation by Juspointees. 'T'he decision in the steel case is not tice Frankfurter should remind us

Six of the justices held that the a broadside that will cripple the again that our system of government

President exceeded his powers. They President's power to protect the welrequires the intelligent interest of

completely upheld the earlier ruling fare of the country in times of emerits citizenry:

of Federal Judge David Pine, himgency; it was addressed to the specific (Continued on page 846)

NOVEMBER 1952 807 A TRIE SAINT

The Autobiography of Annie Shackleton Bowen

This is the inspiring story of a true Latterday Saint, an early pioneer and

THE NOBLE MOTHER OF APOSTLE ALBERT E. BOWEN. MRS. BOWEN DIED IN 1929 AT THE

AGE OF EIGHTYEIGHT YEARS.

was born in the city of London verted to Mormonism and at once sing when they went preaching in on the twentysixth of September began to take his evenings (somethe parks and fields.

I 1840 and was the ninth and last times when working, men left their When I was fourteen, I quit the child of my parents, John and Susanwork an hour or two earlier than on stationer's business and went to work na Isacke Shackleton. My father died other days) for visiting and preaching in a millinery establishment where I

in my early childhood and my mother to people. It is perhaps worthy of continued working until I emigrated

was left to rear five children by her note that he and my Aunt Ann in 1860. In that year a family named

own labor, the other four having died Fames who were the first to accept Pascoe who belonged to the same in infancy. Under these circumthe gospel were the only two in a branch as I did and who was about

stances it was necessary that the chillarge family who had never before to emigrate, offered me a chance to dren assist in the support of the famjoined any religious sect, all the go with them and help with the chilily as soon as possible so that school others having allied themselves to dren; I accepted the offer. As Brother

was not to be thought of. However, some one of the various Christian Pascoe could not settle up his busimy mother taught me to read when denominations. About this time my ness in time to sail with the Mormon

I was very small. I can dimly resister Ellen was taken very ill with emigration, we could not follow until

member standing by her side while inflammatory rheumatism and for three weeks later when we took passhe was at work and spelling out weeks her life was despaired of. One sage on the Vanderbilt which landed

words to her. I have no recollection night when we were all around her us at Castle Garden ten days after

of learning my letters, I think I albed waiting for her to draw her last leaving England and two weeks beways knew them. Though I had no breath, my uncle came in, and my fore the sailing vessel which had

day school, I had my Sunday School mother turned to him and asked him preceded us. We remained in New

which was the delight of my life, to pray. He knelt by the bedside York a few days and then went by

and to this day I hold my teacher in and offered such a prayer as I had steamboat to Albany and from there loving remembrance. never heard before. When he rose by train to Omaha.

My mother, who was a member to his feet, he said, "You will get Six miles by team brought us to of the Baptist Church, required me better, Ellen, and you will embrace Florence (Winter Quarters) where to read a chapter in the Bible to her the gospel and go to Zion."She did we remained until the company was

every morning before I went to play, get better and finally, in the spring ready to cross the plains. William

so that with her and my Sunday of 1851, my mother, sisters, and myBudge was our captain. On our way

School I was pretty well acquainted self were baptized. As I grew older, across the plains we were followed

with the scriptures at a very early I joined in such Church activities as for several days by two hundred Inage. Mother was also very strict in distributing tracts, singing in choirs, dians in all their finery and war paint,

her observance of the Sabbath. Many and going with elders to help them who were going to make war with

a time I have seen her work all day another tribe. We had to be very

on Saturday until midnight and on circumspect in our dealings with

Sunday come home from the evening them. They were always trying to

service at eight, go straight to bed, trade ponies for some of the girls.

and get up and go to work again as Finally everybody had to contribute soon as the clock struck twelve. and make up a big present for them

At the age of ten I went to work of flour, bacon, sugar, and everything at a large stationer's establishment else they fancied, and then they rode where I worked at a machine that off and left us. We were three

had every variety of paper then months on the plains and suffered needed, including music. About a the usual discomforts of wading

year after, my Uncle Sutton, my streams, tramping over sandhills, getmother's youngest brother, was conting torn to pieces by prickly pears 808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and tormented by mosquitoes. The were never worth their face value when she was six weeks old, my

latter were so bad at one time that but soared up and down according to husband was taken with typhoid no one in camp could sleep for three the fluctuations of the war. They fever. For many weeks his life hung

nights. were sometimes worth only sixty cents on a thread. I only undressed and

We arrived in Salt Lake City early on the dollar. I think on the whole went to bed two nights in five weeks. I must here express my appreciationin October. The Pascoes bought a it is a fair estimate that my husband

house in the Seventeenth Ward. The had to pay a third more in Utah than of the kind offices of the sisters of

people residing in it, whose name was he received credit for in England. the Relief Society. These societies

Ballen, could not move out for two We finally managed to send them were just being organized after havor three weeks so during that time the means to immigrate in 1863. My ing been discontinued during the

we had to divide the house between sister Ellen also came out the same move south. I don't know what

us. I was rather, badly run down, year but not in the same company. would have become of me without

never having been used to the kind I was so destitute that I had to borthem and my dear old Bishop Henry of life I had had for the past three row a dress of my neighbor to go to Moon who never would give up his months. I had walked almost the the campground and meet her. Howfaith. We pulled through somehow,

entire distance. I don't think I rode ever, she replenished my wardrobe, but my fourth baby never knew a well

twenty miles of the whole journey. for she brought me several things day after her father recovered until

Mrs. Ballen was very kind to me. that had belonged to my eldest sister we moved to Idaho a year later.

She saw I was not comfortable and who had died after I left home. The To add to our troubles at this time,

asked me to go and live with her, day after she came, my husband came the grasshoppers, which had been so when she moved into her own with his family whom he had been paying us flying visits ever since I house, I went with her, and she was to meet. Of course we still had to had been in Utah, came down on us

as good as a mother to me. But I was help them for a while, and times in full force and devoured every

not long content there and began to were very hard. The war was still green thing. For months when I

look around for fresh quarters. on, and flour was twenty dollars per would get a meal, I would scarcely

Through a young married friend hundred, indeed, it once went up to know where the next was coming of Mr. Ballen's, whose husband, Wiltwenty-five dollars. Butter and sugar from. The first work my husband

liam Webb, worked for Hugh Moon, were one dollar per pound and other got was on the railroad, then ap-

I became acquainted with the Moon things in proportion. However, the proaching completion. In 1869 we

family, and as one of his wives was Bowen boys all got to work as soon determined to leave the city and try taken ill about that time and needed as possible. The family remained in life on a farm. Accordingly in the

some one to wait on her, I went there Salt Lake City for two years when fall of that year we moved from Salt to work. It was here that I met my my fatherin-law, who was an exLake City to Idaho and settled at a

husband, David Bowen, whom I marcellent musician, was invited by the place called Henderson Creek. We

ried on the sixteenth of February Tooele residents to go there and lived there about seven years, during 1861. My husband, who had been superintend their musical affairs. He which time our family was increased

stillsent out from Wales by his parents accepted, and Tooele became their by the arrival of three sons. We

with the hope that he would be able home town, where some of them still had occasionally to fight crickets. Anto help them to follow him, now bereside. other trouble was that there were no

gan to think seriously of making some In 1 864 my mother and my brother schools within reach. I had a family

move in that direction. Up to this George came to Utah. My mother growing up, so the only thing to do

time he had been able to do nothing, sold all she had in London and started was what my mother had done beas nothing but cash would attain well provided with clothing, bedding, fore me, teach the children myself.

that object and cash was very, very and household goods. The immigraIn the winter evenings we had a little

scarce. He owned a five acre lot in tion was unusually crowded that year, school in the house. Their father

what was called the "big field,"and and the immigrants were not allowed set them copies, and I taught them when we were married, he bought to bring their trunks or boxes but had to read and spell, and so laid a little half a city lot with a small adobe to put all their things in large sacks. foundation for the time when they

house on it, but this was received in She never got her things off the ship. could do better.

trade. They were all stolen. It broke her I made all the clothes for the enAbout this time Camp Douglas heart, and together with the hardtire family and made them by hand.

was established. Money began to ships endured on the plains (for it My ninth child was a year old becirculate a little more freely, and was an unfortunate year and the fore I owned a sewing machine, and

he found that he could haul wood mortality among the Saints was very my oldest son was seventeen when to Camp Douglas and get paid mostly large) it killed her. She had drained he had his first tailormade suit. I

in cash. From that time every dolthe cup of sorrow and suffering to its also knitted all the stockings.

lar he got was put by to help his peovery dregs; her last breath was drawn In 1876 we again sold our home

ple, and the only chance I had to get in suffering. I think when I buried and moved to Samaria (Idaho) which

anything in the house was on the rare her I exhausted all my capacity for was my home for twentyfour years.

occasion when he had to take part of grief, for I have never felt anything At the time we moved there, there his pay in store pay, which I almost like it since. were no ward organizations. We were

came to look upon as a special proviWe lived in Salt Lake City for only a branch of the Malad Ward, dence. To make it harder, the cash eight years during which time four but there was a school, and my chilreceived from Camp Douglas was not children came to us. My fourth dren were able to attend. My seventh

hard cash but greenbacks, which child was born in March 1868, and (Continued on page 852)

NOVEMBER 1952 809 Genealogy

Peet Castle, Isle of Man. The Cannon farm was a short distance north of here.

The Cannons'Came from the Isle of Man by Elizabeth C. McCrimmon

Whenmen wein thetold loungea groupofofa Englishhotel in Man.around.MyriadsPresentlyof seawe gullswere swoopedon the dow,looked setout inon twofoot-thickthe glittering walls,water

Llandudno that our mother choppy Irish Sea. Passengers stayed toward the "tower of refuge"on an

came from Wales and our father's in the comfortable lounge with their islet in the bay. This was erected by

family from the Isle of Man, they newspapers, as the deck was awash a philanthropist to give shelter to exclaimed: "What a combination!"part of the time. shipwrecked mariners.

We did not explain to them that After several hours we entered the In the sumptuous dining room we they had left Great Britain as children handsome harbor of Douglas, with were served the best food we had and had not met and married until its pleasure yachts and fine buildings. tasted in England, still on scant rathey had sailed across an ocean and The Fort Anne Hotel, where we were tioning. Beefsteaks were thick and

traversed a continent. Their path was to stay, loomed impressively before juicy and everything in proportion.

led by the light of the gospel and the us. The expected guide met us with "Do you wish to attend the cinema

trek accompanied by grim tragedy. a car and delivered us and our lugdown the street?"asked the head

Later we were to hear that the gage there. waitress, a beautiful girl.

Welsh are secretive; the Manx, blunt. The hotel was richly furnished in When we answered, "No,"she asThe next morning, in a soft rain, the English style. We heard that the sured us she had learned all about

we left the Great Orme and entrained handsome hardwood paneling in sevAmerica from it, a remark that proved for Liverpool. It was in this smoky eral rooms had been salvaged from to be unflattering.

city that our father, the late Angus M. ships of the Spanish Armada, washed The next morning, with a chaufCannon, was born. Here his father, ashore. Perhaps other things, too, feur, we drove around the beautiful

George, worked as a cabinetmaker. were obtained from them. There was Isle of Man and fell in love with this

The latter's brotherin-law, John a wealth of oil paintings, mirrors, home of our ancestors. In our opinTaylor, from Canada, (subsequently rare cabinets, and thick carpets. Mayion, it was the loveliest place in

the third president of the Church), be these treasures were obtained Britain. The green island, set like an

brought him the latterday message. abroad as the little island had less emerald in the ring of the Irish Sea,

Shortly afterward, the whole family duty on imports than the rest of is thirtythree miles long, a dozen was baptized. Britain. miles wide. It is thirty miles from

Into this port the youngsters'grandIreland on one side and thirty miles father, Captain Cannon, had brought ()ur itinerary called for "twin beds from England on the other. A point

his ship laden with spoils of Africa and bath,"but our room had an in Scotland is only sixteen miles away.

and the West Indies. immense fourposter and a bathtub in Snaefel, its highest mountain, looms

The hulks of many gray ships the room. The bathtub occupied a 2034 feet. It is claimed that from the

loomed in the harbor when we emcorner with a drill curtain drawn mountain on a clear day, the visitor barked on a steamer for the Isle of discreetly around it. The quaint wincan see all over Man, the peaks of

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the lake district of England, the Mull have normally about 50,000 inhabAmerica. Perhaps, with a premoniof Galloway in Scotland, the Mourne itants. This is trebled when the tion of her own death, she wanted to

Mountains in Ireland, and the Snowmotorcycle races are held. Due to see her children settled in the new

den group in Wales! the nearby gulf stream, the climate country.

In idyllic autumn weather we is salubrious. Houses are whiteAs soon as their plans for departure

drove through the "vale of heaven,"washed stone, with thatched roofs. were announced, prejudice against

immortalized by a painting that hangs The latter have to be replaced about their religion was manifest. Relatives,

in the National Gallery. Fuchsias and every six years. It takes an expert to who deplored their going away among

columbines blossomed in the glens. tie the thatch. "red Indians,"declined to buy their

Black Angus cattle and sheep grazed The inhabitants mostly intermarfurniture, even the heirloom clock in the lush meadows. ried in their own small locality. They and drawers. The wife's brother reAt stormy Spanish Head we could wereout. notIt wasprolificbecauseand familiesof this diedthat fusedonly theto seepreludethem off.to theirBut thattroubles.was

galthe Spanish understand how the immigrant, Cannon, George and six parents, children, set with The pieces to theleons dashed on were his bride, Quayle, made Ann a sail at 9 the of seventeenth A.M. on

cliffs. the survivors married The If covenant. the strange wedding the September, ship 1842, Sidney. on

girls, just as the Vikings hadManx children, blessed not union with was it roll, as to soon As the began mothbefore the of wanderers them. These to dissolved. marriage the be was er seasick. violently became

It theirseas bring not did women. in Liverworking Cannon, George

six For lay desperately weeks she tailless that the is even claimed Manx thirtyone, pool about went when ill solicitous her while took husband of cats of cats are Spain descendants Isle settle to help the back to of Man faithful of her. care died She at 4:30 rabbits. nativeand after affairs his of mother's the some

Out from this southern shore is an death of her husband, the captain, at A.M. the twentyeighth of October,

islet called the "Calf of Man,"a bird sea. While there he courted his'disand her body was consigned to the

sanctuary. We passed King Williams tant cousin, Ann Quayle, three and sea twelve hours later.

College and went on to Castletown onehalf years his junior. Daughter Before the ship reached New

where we lunched delightfully in a of a wellto-do businessman, she was Orleans, two weeks after this, scarlet glass enclosure and watched the waves schooled in ways of thrift. It was befever had broken out. David, the

dash upon the rocks. Thence to Port cause of her careful management and youngest boy, came down with it, but

St. Mary where we bought some tireless industry that the family was survived.

woolen goods woven from Manx wool. able to finance the trip to America While ascending the Mississippi in

Over rustic bridges that span fernand help several others to do so. a river packet, the sorrowful widower

filled ravines, we traveled on to the took his children ashore to a log cabin.

of Peel lived our grandtown where Here he had them bathed and their fifth the second son and Angus, of it the Quayle. standmother Back clothes washed. couple, to the child born spent

of Castle,ruins Peel stark against the of his part at the childhood happy thrifty livessunset. off the This town

of his at Tt was seven months after their deGrandmother Quayle home industry.herring of the One Cannon

men was admiral of the fishing fleet. Peel on the Isle of Man. parture from England before they

North of Peel, in the vicinity of After their conversion the family finally landed at Nauvoo on the Maid

Kirk Michael, was the Cannon farm was imbued with the idea of gatherof Iowa. Although they had never

of nearly one hundred acres. Many ing to Zion. The energetic mother seen him, they instantly recognized

of the inhabitants had acquired title urged them on to make the trip to (Concluded on page 835) to their land and handed it down to their heirs.

/"n the return to Douglas, we passed the Tynwald Hill. It is a circular

mound built up of the soil from all districts of the island. It was here,

according to old Norse usage that new laws were announced in the open air. The Isle of Man for centuries,

till 1765, was a feudal holding, under the crown.

But it has a quaint apparatus of government, a survival of ancient times, a court of Tynwald, divided into a Council and a House of Keys, and it writes its laws in Manx as well as English. "Deemsters"sit on its

criminal bench. But inside this setting

of a druid world, the writ of habeas corpus and the income tax run as merrily as on the mainland.

The Isle of Man's 227 square miles The McCrimmons by an ancient Manx Cottage, Isle of Man, 1951.

NOVEMBER 1952 811 Whenof theCanuteway acrosswas aboutthe stream,a third fortable,the goingbutbecamedespiteroughtheseanddrawbacksuncomIra plunged in to help pull the they made good progress until they;-;.

rope across. Before Canute could reach arrived at a point between the last

the ferry, Ira began to show signs of two crossings of the Sweetwater, exhaustion. where they encountered some high

All the Saints were standing on ridges, part of the Wind River Mounthe bank, tense and eager for the tains.

safety of these two gallant lads. They The camp was then within seven or

saw Ira weakening; Canute noticed it eight miles from the last crossing of

also. With almost superhuman the Sweetwater, a place called Willow

strokes, he reached the ferry and, Creek. Here they were blockaded by

securing the rope to the boat, began a heavy snowstorm that lasted about to pull Ira in to safety. A great cheer forty hours, forcing everyone to hudarose from the assembled Saints, and dle in the wagons, waiting for the

handkerchiefs, bonnets, and hats were fury of the storm to spend itself.

thrown into the air with a mighty When the snow finally ceased to shout of joy. fall, Chris and Canute crawled out

The ferryboat was soon in operaof their wagons and shoveled snow tion, and by evening the Saints had until they finally gathered enough loaded a number of the wagons and dry wood together to build a fire to Canute Peterson crossed the river with them one at a thaw out the thoroughly chilled peotime. By nightfall of the following ple.

day all the wagons and people were Elder Ezra T. Benson of the Coun-

"As Unto The Bow..."

by Edith P. Christiansen

Part III

SYNOPSIS

As a lad, Canute Peterson reluctantly left his beautiful, native

Norway with his parents to come to America and settle in La Salle

County, Illinois. There, after his father had passed away, he and his

widowed mother heard the gospel from elders coming from nearby

Nauvoo and were baptized. In their new Church activity they found

fast and true friends, among whom were Kari Nelson, widow of

Cornelius Nelson, and her daughter, Sara Ann. After Sara is healed

of a serious illness by the Lord through Canute's administration, they are married by Elder Orson Hyde and use the remainder of their pioneer journey as a honeymoon.

Sara Ann Nelson Peterson

across the river and ready to proceed cil of the Twelve, captain of their learned. While they had been gone,

on the journey. company, called for volunteers to go a number of men had left the camp

The company now traveled along to George A. Smith's camp which was and gone down the creek to look for

the Platte River. There was an about three miles back on Strawberry cattle. They had found an abundance

abundance of game: buffaloes, elk, Creek to find out the conditions there. of large willows had sheltered them

and antelope, in particular. Canute and Christian Hayer volduring the storm. When these

When the company reached Indeunteered to go. The journey had to brethren returned with this favorable

pendence Rock, they were met by be made on foot, in snow that was report, the anxiety was greatly rebrethren from Salt Lake Valley who waist deep and over a ridge that lieved.

had come to help them on their separated two creeks. It was hard Three days longer the group rejourney. They brought cattle and and tiresome as the two men trudged mained at camp, gathering up all the

wagons with them to replace those on through the biting cold and snow. cattle they could find. But seventy or

that had given out on the trip. When finally they reached Brother eighty head had perished in the

Brother Thomas E. Ricks was asSmith's camp, they found that this storm, thus making it necessary to

signed to assist the Norwegians in the camp was in circumstances similar to yoke up every available animal that group, and Canute and the others their own. Brother Smith was sendcould be put into service.

welcomed his aid, since he was a kind ing some of the strongest men to go Finally the camp was ready to and sympathetic man. down on Sweetwater to hunt the move. After the company had travAs they traveled farther up the cattle. eled about ten miles in the heavy

Sweetwater, the weather changed and The two returned to their own snow, they came to bare ground became stormy and windy. Sometimes camp and reported what they had where the traveling was much easier.

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hostile savages. When Indians were

sighted by the guard in the tower, the alarm would be sounded, and all the men would come running into the fort, the gates barricaded, and then

rAJrii-'""'"''themselves from defend they would WV*'- 3a -- red men. the hostile **&&:%-

W3 Canute and Sara Ann moved into their small thatchedroof log home \w$*- with much joy and pride.

T ife in the old fort was not all drudgery. The leaders sensed

the necessity for relaxation and enjoyment; the Saints were encouraged to get what enjoyment they

could out of wholesome, clean sport and fun of any kind. Therefore, in

the evenings when all the daily tasks were done, they would gather together for an hour or so and enjoy dancing, singing, foot races, horseshoe pitching, and similar games.

As the fall and winter wore on, the women and the girls would gather together and make rugs and quilts and other things to add to the comfort and hominess of the little cabins.

Nothing was ever wasted. Every

scrap of material was saved and made

Letter of appointment signed by Briginto something useful.

ham Young and carried by Canute Peterson on his mission to Europe. The wool from the few sheep they

had was washed, carded, spun, and

The following day they reached pected wealth there; they knew they woven into material for the making

Pacific Springs where the cattle had had something of greater value than of clothes. The fat they could render

good food again. gold. from the animals killed for food was

With good luck they traveled until The camp remained on the Jordan used in making soap. Indeed the life

they reached their destination, Salt River for a few days. Then Shure of the Saints was filled with activity.

Lake City, where they arrived, Olsen, Chris Hayer, and Canute Early in life the children were taught

October 25, 1849. Their camp in bought a house in the northwest useful endeavor and were instructed

the valley was on the banks of the corner of the Old Fort. The farms in the arts and crafts that would

Jordan River nearly straight west stretched outside. All the homes make them more helpful.

from the Rio Grande Depot of today. were within the walls of the fort for Education was not neglected even

They were very anxious to see how protection from the Indians. The tall in the primitive surroundings.

closely the new Mormon city coinwatchtower served as a lookout, Classes in school were held, since cided with their dreams, so Shure where someone was always stationed there were many in the group with

Olsen, Christian Hayer, the Jacobses, to warn the Saints of approaching (Continued on following page) and Canute went up into the town.

They walked around the temple SSSSSSSSSSRKSiS?

block. They were agreeably surprised

to see how much the Saints had accomplished in the little time they had been in the valley.

While in the city, they encountered some gold diggers on their way to

California. These people told them

of the wealth they expected to find there and wanted these new arrivals to go along with them to California.

Some of the men from the city did go, only to return in a year or so, with less than they had in the beginning.

Canute and most of the young men were not even tempted by the tales of gold in California and the exTypical scene along the coast of Norway, the country of Canute Peterson's birthNOVEMBER 1952 813 "AS UNTO THE BOW..."

fine educations to help with the in- I can't tell you how much I love you task to take the water out of the canstruction of the young people. and how proud I am. Let's name yon onto the bench.

Sara was one of these instructors, him Peter Cornelius, after my father The men were very happy about having been a schoolteacher back in and yours."the whole project. They returned to

LaSalle County, Illinois. She was Little Peter was the first male child Salt Lake City to report to President

always glad and eager to assist the of Norwegian descent to be born in Brigham Young on their successful children in their lessons and learnUtah, and he was therefore a favorite trip. President Young was pleased

ing. She was kind and gentle, and with the Norwegian Saints. with what they had done.

her ready wit and keen sense of huFor the first ten months of Peter's About this time David Evans armor soon endeared her to the hearts life, Canute and Sara lived in Salt rived in Salt Lake City with his comof all, young and old alike. Lake City where Canute was trying pany of Saints. He called on PresWhen Sara became aware that she to get a farm and home. It seemed ident Young to find where they

was going to have a baby, she was that all the tillable land in both Salt should settle. President Young sent

very thrilled and happy about it. Lake and Davis counties had been him to Dry Creek to be the bishop

She sewed and planned for the event taken. Water was also scarce. there. Brother Evans was a very

with great pleasure. Elder Ezra T. Benson of the Counconscientious, upright man, wellcil Canute, fond of of the Twelve was for position. chosen the To him was It still of the outside night was to desire of obtain his and, knowing of allotting the authority given thelittle, that stood cabin thatched mudone day to Canute a farm, came he settlers. the land to old of thein corner northwest the and told him that there was land on

fort. Sara Ann stirred in her sleep the other side of the Jordan River Canute received as his allotment

and awoke. Canute was peacefully below the old bridge that had not of land, twenty acres of plow land

slumbering the undisturbed rest of and five acres of grass, or pasture, been taken up.the young. land. Now that he had his own land,

As Sara Ann became aware of the Canute set to work at once plowing thing that had waked her, she realand sowing it, making irrigation ized that her time was near at hand. ditches, and fencing. During the

As another gripping sensation shot winter months, Canute built a little through her body and then subsided, log house, so that he could move his she thought of all that had happened family from Salt Lake City in the to her in the past months. The long spring. The walls were made of logs

hard journey in the daylight hours, and the roof of overlapping slabs.

and then at night when the dusty There was a large fireplace in one creaking train would grind to a halt, end of the big room, and a double the hustle and bustle of pitching bed built in one corner. The little

camp, sleeping out beneath the home was built with only the crudest friendly stars on warm evenings, and EMS. of implements, but much work and

huddling close to the campfires on loving care was taken to make it as logs possible. as comfortable The nights.cold blustery and

claim. filed a immediately Canute to all carefully out chinked keep were persistthe pains more As became it weeks, making for two worked He cold. the the and wind great toldent, that the Sara Canute serve also large would ditch which a

to for the Finally the moving day at near hand. wasmoment not did seem plot fence. as The a couple arrived. young The new home on. the In afternoon wore Hours so he wanted, as large as Canute

the rain began falling and dripping offered it to Brother Joseph Young, soon gathered the meager belongings through the roof, and pots and pans the senior president of the seventies, for transportation in the wagon. Canute was loaded, When everythingwere brought to keep the water off towards building a sevas a donation onto helped Peter up Sara and littlethe bed. hall. enties'

seat. Everyone spring the was high little his in Peter Finally apput President Brigham of 1850, In July safely to see gathered them around beautiful baby.pearance, healthy a five other called and Canute Young

off. again once goodbyes, So, amid sisters chuckled. attending OneThe settle the Creek, to brethren Dry

this their started way, the couple on sisterthoughtful Caremembered in Lehi, called Utah place now hearts lighter because Catime with fort, ofnute, outside the and, going of miles south thirty about County, Their the way. nute had preparedshe her announced bonnet and waved SherCity. With Brother Salt Lake

of security held a hope new home Salt City,to all "Canute, Lake territorial surveyor, the the it's wood, a boy."This happy announcement men went to Dry Creek where they for them.

brought the elated Canute on the helped survey nearly three thousand When they drove up to the gate run. acres of land, which is now the main of their new home, Canute jumped

Going into the little cabin, hat in part of Lehi. This was a joint claim. from the wagon, opened the gate, and

hand, the grateful, happy youth sank Then they went up the mouth of quickly ran into the cabin where he to his knees and thanked his Maker American Fork Canyon and made a lit the lamp and placed it in the winand his wife for the marvelous gift of claim for part of the water there for dow after which he lit the fire in the his first son. irrigation. They had found by surfireplace.

"Sara, my sweet, brave little wife, veying that it would not be a difficult (Continued on page 830) 814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmmm 1. Gibson's Evergreen Box 1.00

Gay sprays of evergreen in festive cards per arrangements. 14

extra. charge (See IPC J Christmasbox. Imprinting

rates below.)

HALL

2. Hallmark's "Thrifty Box"1.00

Featuring gay poinsettias and holly—25 attractive

Hallmark Christmas cards. Imprinting charge W 'l

extra.

Noiv you can order by mail PERSONALIZED CHRISTMAS CARDS These beautiful cards are made by Hallmark, Gibson and

Norcross. Your name will be imprinted in the color and type style

best suited to the card you select (indicate wording on coupon order, page 826). Order the card assortment you wish from those

shown or come in to Deseret Book and personally select from our extensive Christmas card stock. Add 20c postage for one box

of cards and 4c postage for each additional.

Imprinting charge up to 25 cards—$.95; 2550 cards-$1.50;

5175 cards-$1.75; 76100 cards-$2.00. Over 100 cards 1c each.

3. Sparkling "Jewel Tree"Assortment- 1.00

By Norcross 12 cards per box. Imprinting charge extra.

, DESERET BOOK'S 1952 Christmas Catalog You'll find among this wide selection of L.D.S. Church

books, popular fiction and nonfiction, children's books, camera equipment, and other gifts something exactly suited to every name on your gift list.

Best of all, you can do your Christmas shopping right in your easy chair at home... using the handy

order coupon on the last page of this section.

"Christmas Belles"Styled by Gibson Gay and appealing for teen age. 12

cards per box. Imprinting charge extra.

NOVEMBER 1952 815 CHURCH BOOKS from Deseret Book—your L.D.S. book headquarters

THE STANDARD WORKS

7 Missionary Bible- 9 Quadruple Combination 20.00

MB3.11.00 CovenantsMissionary inBible,one Bookcompact,of Mormon,leatherboundPearl ofeditionGreat Price... anda giftDoctrinesure to andbe Leather.

appreciated.

7.50 Triple Combination 16 Regular Bible Missionary 8

in Pearl of Great Price, and Doctrine and Covenants of Mormon, Indexed MB3 volume. 12.00 Bookone

Deluxe leather, gold stamped.

17 Large Print Triple Combination 10.00

An excellent gift for older readers. Beautifully bound in leather

and gold stamped. See actual size type sample illustrated below. #

10 Pearl of Great Price 85 Cloth bound.

11 Pearl of Great Price.... 2.00

Deluxe leatherbound edition.

12 Large Print Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great Price....3.00

14 Doctrine and Covenants....l.75

Cloth bound library edition.

Covenants. 4.00 and 13 Book of Mormon

leathgold-stamped, Deluxe Cloth bound library edition.

edition. er bound 2.00 15#Doctrine

lift now i hen Jesus he expoui altitude

34-A Ancient America and the Book of Mormon 4.00

By Milton R. Hunter and Thomas Stuart Ferguson

An important and valuable document in the study of the Book of Mormon, this book cites striking parallels with a sixteenth century Mexican history,

Works of Ixtlilxochitl, with added historical and dootrinal information to aid the reader.

24. Discourses of Brigham Young 3.00

Compiled by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

In this book Brigham Young speaks for himself and shows the coherent system of faith which he lived and taught. It shows how he applied the

simple principles of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

18 Book of Mormon Guide Book 5.00

By Verla Birrell "Those interested in the Book of Mormon would do well to have this book at their command for frequent reference"—Dr. John A. Widtsoe.

COMMENTARIES AND AIDS IN THE STUDY Theinvaluableauthor'sbackgroundpersonal visitsaid into preparingCentral andthisSouthvolume.AmericaAn excellenthave beenBookan

AND READING OF THE STANDARD WORKS ofa crossMormonindex.study, further enhanced by valuable maps and charts, and

I of19 Book Mormon 2.00 Pearl Price 39 of Great Commentary—Vol.

Eldin Ricks By Dr. 3.00 Commentary is aThis textwith-explanations to the approach of the Nephi, First Book

Milton R. Hunter division By Dr.opening of the of Book explanatory Complete with Mormon.

notes, pronunciation key, and an extensive bibbography. An authoritative work commenting on

doctrines history of20 to and Doctrine Concordance the and Covenants 3.00 thePearl of Price, its Great and imBluth By

... to portance Latterday Saints in invaluable aid the studyAn andJ. V. use of the Doctrine and Covenants.

21 Combination Reference, 1.00

By Dr. Eldin Ricks

A handy pocketsize reference work of great aid to speakers and students of the Standard Works.

22 Dictionary of the Bible 3.00

By William Smith A revised and upto-date edition of the work that is acknowledged as the foundation of all Bible dictionaries. 400 illustrations, 17 maps.

23. Bible Ready Reference 1.00 58 Masterful Discourses of

A compilation of texts arranged with annotations... widely used by Orson Pratt 4.00

missionaries. Compiled by N. B. Lundwall

25. Discourses of Wilford Woodruff 2.50 of writings portion of selected the A

Dr. Compiled G. by Durham Homer editor, leceducational eminent an

simplicity humility of a greatThe in this and evidenced work. legislator, man are turer, orator, mathematicarriedHis his to words contemporaries are they... and all, an cian, philosopher, and, a above

allinspiration to read them whoconviction now. gifted of the Gospel. expounder

Give a Gift of Books this Christmas from 816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 28 Know the Bible 2.00

26 A New Witness for Christ in America 2.75 ArrangedBenjaminandB.CompiledAlward by

Fifty vital questions answered by Francis Dr. Kirkham By W.

important Bible and familiar 800 Vol. divine the in power "coming forth"of the Book quotations. of Mormon.I: Evidence of

29 Gospel 1.75 Quotations 2.75 27 for Christ Witness in America New A Rolapp Henry By

II: Vol. Attempts to prove the Book of Mormon manmade. of scripoutline comprehensive A

tural references from the Standard

Works.

38 Our Book of Mormon 3.00 36 New Witness for God 2.50 34-B Doctrine and Covenants

B. B. Sperry Sidney H. Roberts By By Dr. 5.00 Commentary

Smith, thoroughly scholarly thisA helpof very edition revised the Prophet, as A God. to ofreadable aid Book yet Mormonhighly Vol.a witnessI: Josephof ful in of aid the study and useful

study. the Doctrine Covenants. and A

for 2.50 Witness 37 God New for betsupplement necessary the

II: of of the value Vol. Book The ter appreciation understanding and in Lehi the Desert30 and The as for a witness the authenMormon the of to revelations given the

of ticity.... 2.25 the Jaredites integrity World Bible; of the and and for Completely Church. indexed

Dr. truth the of of the Nibley Gospel Jesus By Hugh reference.

This contains col- a fascinating Christ. book

lection of material background that Vol.

aids in the of the greatstudy of some... moreIll: evidences.A continuation of Vol. II

est books in the Book of Mormon.

35-A The Articles of Faith—Leather Edition.6.00

By Dr. James E. Talmage

Beautiful flexible leather binding with exceptionally readable typography. Choice of

maroon or black leather.

35-B—LibraryThe ArticlesEdition....of Faith2.00

By Dr. James E. Talmage

The classic discussion of the principal doctrines of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

40 Voice from the Dust 4.00

Edited and arranged by Genet B. Dee

U""The complete Book of Mormon story and doctrine in a i readable,good readingfascinatingboth for youngform;

adults. people and

of Teachings the the Christ 34 of 31 Jesus Book The Mormon

J Dr. E. Talmage James By.... of Book 1.75 Mormon 3.00 Testifies the to Considered be most Berrett William E. By B. Sperry Sidney Dr. By of the Witnesses 41 authoritative inspired and the of of study Book Mor- A author the by book Newest life Christ, of the with.... andlife 2.25 of specific Mormon Book contribution to mon's of the has Book made who interof mission the Messiah real this the of great message for thousands live Preston Nibley Compiled by Mormon in of preted terms modern book. his read books ond have who published this book, in Here revelation. scripture and lectures. This his new heard volfirst in time one for the

is of of result years the work all present the are ume, Edition.... Deluxe 7.00 32-A of of part the research one on the to pertaining facts known leather. limp In scholars, Probest Church our of later experiences lives and Cloth 32-B 3.00 Bound fessor of Testament LanOld the to witnesses eleven the

Brigat Literature guages and... not one of Mormon Book University. Young ham teshis denied ever of whom

timony.

GENERAL CHURCH BOOKS 42 The Americas Before 42-A An Understandable

Columbus 5.00 Religion 2.00

By Dewey Farnsworth By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

find will you Seldom a more thorfascinating readable oughly book This book is an easyto-read and than this one... lavishly illusexploration into the questions

reof and and problems God of pictures trated ruins with and as questions ligion. civilirelics of the fabulous theMayan

is What. is. God?. Such existed years "What over zation which 2500 $00*

....life?.... of. objective the tells of the great ago mitwo

. grations to Central and South What of the hereafter?"are

treated one America, about 4,000 J&BM completely. simplyAn and ago; the second

to the questioning wis*} years 600 B.C. about WfRi aidmind.all

42-B A Rational Theology 2.00

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

This volume is a brief exposition showing the coherence, reasonableness and universality of the Gospel philosophy. Written with clarity and

understanding, this book is an asset to any personal library.

NOVEMBER 1952 817 I..2.25 P. of Evidences Parley and 48 Writings Pratt44 4.00

A. Dr. Widtsoe Reconciliations—Vol.John By Give P. Parker Compiled Robison by is higher science? educatrustworthy DoesHow

faith in to the Gospel? Shouldtion diminish tend is Life of Eternal just the Material "The Body"of typical are his soldier These love enemy?a of interesting one are that many Church briefly discussed. lucidly topics Bookssixtyeight and treated. containing before book never new manysubjects Athe

II Evidences and this writings of45 leader. published great from Reconciliations-—Vol.

Gospel Interpretations 2.25

By Dr. John A. WidtsoeAnswers to additional challenging questions. Deseret Book

to Evidences and46 Reconciliations—Aids of the the Persecutors Fate of 49

Ill...2.25 in Faith a Modern Day—Vol..1.75 Decision Fatal 47.3.00 Joseph Smith Prophet A. Dr. Widtsoe John By Dr. Walter M. Stookey By this to above, the two book volume companion B. N.A Lundwall By

the tragic story of Party blazed Donner who The as subjects Churchcovers Godhead, such The historical of pioneers trail year to follow compilation a for data the on the personal a Mormon A of Progress, Priesthood,Doctrine, The Law The his is of frustration testimony It defeat of Smith, story later. a Joseph mixed and martyrdom, and Intelligence, in Progress and There Heaven,

fates of the proportions. those of persecuted epic him. heroism with who others.Ismany

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiniiii

50 Gospel Doctrine 3.50

By Joseph F. Smith

Sermons and writings of Joseph F. Smith,

sixth President of the Church... teachings emphasizing wisdom and modera00$ M& tion.51 Greater Dividends from

Religion 1.75

By Dr. Gerrit de Jong, Jr.

Religion, sincerely believed and consistently lived, "pays off"in dividends of zest for living, motivation for accomplishment, and personal development as

Dr. de Jong makes his readers feel these

benefits. 52 Way to Perfection 2.00

By Joseph Fielding Smith principles and of doctrinal discussion A the large which justify historical themes place salvation for the living and the dead occupies in the life of every Latterday Saint.

Ill I I 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 I t I I T Illlllllllllllllllll

2.50 of Progress 3.00 Pratt's Man Orson 65 2.25 Works 60 Mansions His Many53

P. Parker Robison Compiled by S. Smith Howells Fielding Rulon Joseph By By

of of sent Book of Smith thirteen beliefs God? Joseph of the Was comparison concise agency,A of moral principles the outlining After origin? of more divine These andIs chart a themany including Mormon denominations, Christianleading the pictures author the progress, authority, and here. are considered doctrinal questions of of the the stands on twentythree their variedshowing and good struggle between historical ceaseless extremely questions doctrinal importantmost Church, the of restoration the in evil. Culminating of Eve 2.50 the Book 61 from Pages the to understand... wishes for anyone whouseful plan, of God's fulfillment the describes author the Stewart Pate Ora By others. ofbeliefs prophecy. to according life of in the of of them—episodes—36 A series

Illusranch. a her family on 3.00 Wyoming and Israel Eve of House54 of Services Missionary and Sermons 66 author. the trations by L. E. Whitehead By

2.75 identificahistory, Ballard destiny, and J. treatise the Melvin onA 1.75 Stories Pioneer 62 Israel. of of thetion House S. Hinckley Bryant By of direction the under Compiled

with association firsthand a gives you Preston This Nibley book 1.75 Bishopric Presiding by Stay and Awake to Pray How55 of unselfish a man generous,... man to of the give a humble, people compiled young book Skousen A Max By great for talent making a with spirituality, heroic in interest the active deeds and an Church won't this book, you reading startIf once you

to others. understandable their foreideas of pioneer clear and accomplishments daring his problems solving own stop. In to ablebe

the settled Western fathers that subdued and answers who given has Skousen prayer, Elderof deserts. it. 2.50 Others with all read Gospel the benefit Sharing whowill 67

Smith Albert George By Priesthood 2.50 1.50 Church Government and 63 to Theology Key56 sincere and here a warm, discover will reader Dr. A. Widtsoe The John By Pratt P. Parley By

.. of a the man friend mind generous for Priesthood conthe Melchizedek to the handbook science introduction original A concise andA others. to service. theand life rich in of Priesthood compilation was a taining whose history, comprehensive revelation, gathered from as theology,of

for reference. in study form information and handy analogy. reason, andprophecy,

) Priestof parts the cover Meaning Three The 1.75 the Church and Youth 68

GovernPriesthood( 1 4.00 and Church hood; The Prophets Speak Latterday 2 )57 B. Harold Lee By ) Administration—Priesthood ( ment; Church and( Ludlow H. Daniel 3 By

solutions revealed found be Gospel can the Within in Action. presidents of eight teachings doctrinalPrincipal

social, essential temto our problem to every volume. compact in one theof Church

... the spiritual poral, including welfare 2.00 the of Church 64 Program and

vital of such concern of youth. Subjects problems A. Dr. 3.00 Widtsoe John By Atonement and Mediation59

truth contest neverending faith as the between and of the the of nature survey connected and Taylor A John By are error, righteousness classes, wickedness discussed for college especially and written exprincipals as Church doctrinal greatest of theSome here. missionaries, reader. general the... and Taylor. President John bypounded

mini iiii Mini iiiiiiniiiii Ill)illl i 1 1 1 1 1 1, 69 Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith 3.50

Compiled by Joseph Fielding Smith

Clarifying the Church stand on such matters as politics, obligations to the government, responsibilities of the family, and scores of other interesting subjects. Indexed.

70 Presidents of the Church...4.00

By Preston Nibley This book contains the biographies of the nine great presidents of the

L.D.S. Church from the time of its

organization in 1830 to the present.

Whenever possible, Mr. Nibley has

made direct quotes from the leaders themselves. New edition.

71 Prophecy and Modern Times 1.75 By W. Cleon Skousen

Of special interest in this book are prophecies concerning the final war before the millennium and the second coming of Christ, with commentary and footnotes.

YOU CAN ORDER BY MAIL WITH COUPON ON PAGE 826 818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 72 What of the Mormons?.... 1.50:::"'.':..:"'"73 On the Way to Immortality

By Gordon B. Hinckley and Eternal Life 3.50

An excellent introduction to MorBy J. Beuben Clark, Jr.

monism to give as a gift Man's ageold quest for truth historical sketch, an outline assurance of life after death, of the Church and its funcis here sharply brought into tions today... the salient focus under the scholarly

facts of Latterday Saint doctrine, and inspired writing of President practice, and history. Well illusClark.

trated with rare sketches and photographs.

43 Christianity Through the Centuries 2.50

By Daryl Chase This book presents the gripping story has in of what happened 19 centuries of Christianity the including rise, growth, of and... beliefs the

... Rtue eN CL Catholic Protestant and churches

and a significant chapter on Mormonism.

74 Will a Man Rob God?.3.00 75 Gospel Standards 2.25

Heber By Compiled J. Grant; Dr. G. by Homer Durham Dr. Milton By B. Hunter

in every Members Church find that home speaks into with forcefulness inspired delving the book new A and willunderstandable the on thiswisdomvolume origin life. of of the problems background and contemporary

law of tithing. Filled with many

stories tithing, on this book interest of vital to every Latteris 76 The Great ApostasyBy Dr. James E. Talmage 150

of establishment of day Saint. The the Church Jesus Christ, the stages of the

falling resulted away that in the Great Apostasy, the sequel and are to the treated Apostasy authoritatively.

82 Signs of the Times 2.25

By Joseph Fielding Smith 77 The Mormon By Marcus Bach 1.00

interesting fascinating discussion opinion of prophnoted An by a A writer nonMormon concerning

. fulfilled the ecies to and prophecies people of our Church in story form, with an

edition. enlightening dialogue Bevised come. between. the. writtenauthor his and young Mormon

friend.

78 To Whom It May 80 Vitality of Mormonism.2.50

Concern 3.00 By Dr. James E. Talmage

By Marvin O. Ashton A series of sermonettes on distincthemes of the Bestored Gospel leader "Pot shots"beloved by a on tive excellent an... nucleus idea and seventy to insubjects—something for source gospel sermons. terest—everyone spiced the with

stories and good humor for which the author was famous. 81 The Word of Wisdom 2.75

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe and

Leah D. Widtsoe

79 To Them of the Last A modern and highly practical inof terpretation of 75 Wagon Wisdom teachings very.. Wordwith some By J. Beuben Clark, Jr. helpful suggestions. contemporon

The two Centennial Year addresses ary living and diet.

ef President Clark, delivered at

General Conference October 5, 83 Restoration of All Things 2.25 1947 and the dedication of "This

Is the Place"Monument on July 24, By Joseph Fielding Smith 1947. Fundamental principles of the gospel, as outlined in a series of radio

addresses.

Documentary History of the Church 86 All 7 Volumes 15.00

Taken from the manuscripts, recCHURCH HISTORY ords and notes of Joseph Smith and other early Church leaders, this carefully documented work comprises 7 volumes. contains in Essentials in Church 84 History of Comprehensive 85 their entirety revelations 101 It of

History 4.00 the Vols.)..30.00 Church (Six Prophet the plus Joseph, many litBy Joseph Fielding Smith By B. H. Boberts tleknownlife and theimportantgrowth offacetsthe Church.of his

essential and points The vital history of The great sweep of the founding, Also2.50 each.available in single volumes at doctrine, and selected and

arranged in chronological order... growth and development of the

doctrines with revelaand written Church the inspired under tions to given Joseph of one of our histogreatest Smith interwoven the pen with flH history. rians. |I

NOVEMBER 1952 819 BIOGRAPHIES AND AUTOBIOGRAPHIES 88 Brigham Young—The Man 90 Autobiography of Parley P.

and His Work 3.00 Pratt 3.00

Preston Nibley By Fourth edition, life, The life intimate the story Here of the ministry. travels, excerpts illustrated.and from great colonizer leader isMormon and the writings truly of the of one great

special with stress on m of the Church. men

I President teachings Young's M letters his from sermons. and TKgl In the 92 Gospel 1.75 Net

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

89 Joseph Smith, Seeker After This is the story of a woman, seeker after truth, in the caught was who of 3.50 Prophet Truth, God

Gospel net to carried and far a Widtsoe A. Dr. John By country she where her family and of the consideration on new A found happiness through possession Smithlife Prophet the Joseph by

eternal of truth. author of a L.D.S. leading

books. Church yBk "K '

Joseph 94 Smith, an American Prophet By John Henry Evans 3.50 96 Jacob Hamblin,

5.00 Peacemaker biography of A the great Mormon Pearson H. Corbett prophet, written authoritatively from By

journals, diaries and letters of the Jacob Hamblin, picturesque "Apostle

Prophet and his family. to the Indians,"was a colonizer,

conqueror of the desert, friendmaker 97 J. Golden Kimball 3.50 ofman;thethisIndians,is his story.and devoted Church By Claude Richards

telling wit, The good and humor genLife of Leader a Great 98 uine greatness of Kimball

J. 2.50 Grant Heber are this captured in J. biography,Golden along

S. Hinckley Bryant By with priceless selections his from

life story of the seventh president The talks sayings. and

of of a collection with the Church 95 In a Sunlit Land 3.00 theing experiencesintensely interestingof this greatand leader.inspirBy Dr. John A. Widtsoe

The heartwarming autobiography of 99 Life of Joseph F. Smith 3.00

a distinguished churchman Fielding Smith By Joseph arid of science. life Sprinman sixth story of This the president

bits I kled with is of wisdom filled and rich, of the Church with humor. faith experiences. promoting HVPsprightly

BOOKS OF INSPIRATION

100. Branches Over the Wall..1.00 101 God Planted a Tree 1.00

Pate Ora By Stewart Stewart Ora Pate By

Tells in chart word and the fascinatofBranches tribe the of Joseph ran ing story of the Old Testament the"over wall"fresh took and root through lives the its of great charin South America about 600 B.C. acters.

fruitfulTwo boughs overspread two continents during the next thousand 103 Letter To Sonyears, as My told in 1.00 the of Book Mormon, By Pate Ora as Stewart retoldand here.

This is book the inspired answer to the problem of young people seek104. Missionary....1.75 Experiences ing to orient themselves in an adult

Preston By Nibley world a perspective... the on simple virtues which forChoice experiences make a of wholeof the some

some adjustment life. togreat. of. the men Church. prepared under direction of the Presiding Bishopric for youth of the Church. 105 Let's Live 3.00

By Claude Richards of106. Gems Thought book which 1.00 A a dynamic and Milton By Dr. R. constructive Hunter of attaining wayoffers real Newest Book by Richard L. Evans *

security,Quotable personal highlights from happiness, General onference and world peace. For 109 Tonic addresses during the past Times Our

four or five years. of series the famous Newest from the "Crossroads of the West"2.50 -flSunday # radio morning programs.

107. Inspirational Talks for Previous books in this beloved series of Sunday morning sermonettes

Youth By Preston Nibley 175 bygift).Richard L. Evans (give the entire series for an especially acceptable

the Spoken And compilation Word 2.00A of excerpts from

of special talks 111110 This Day and Always to young people 2.00

... teach and thoseinterestwho them. 112 Hour At This Same 2.00

108. Minute Sermons 1.00 112-A Unto the Hills 2.00

Compiled Albert by L. Zobell, Jr. 1.00 113 Leaders Sayings Our 115 of a Saint 1.00Fifty General Authorities speak on Green Doyle Arranged by Compiled Alice by K. Chasesuch subjects as atonement, educapicture inspiring short brief and of These excerpts ser- A from thetion, prayer, priesthood, tithing, and leaders President four of—Church mons President Albert Georgetruth.

his counselors, his typify O. David Smith McKay, abiding deep and

President Stephen L Richards and love for humanity.

Clark, Jr.; President and Treasury Reuben155 A of Inspiration..5.00 1 16 Story Tellers 1.00 Scrap Book J.of President the Twelve Joseph of Words dynamic inspiration. Albert Zobell, L. By Jr.. of story Fielding. the Smith

Stories illustrating brotherhood,. services. lives their words and

civic pride, faith, testiprayer and156. Inspirational 1000 Things 3.75 their addresses... from of guidance

mony.Stirring, significant stories, articles,

and verse. 114 Power of Truth 1.50 117 Storyettes 1.00

Jordan Zobell, William George L. Jr. By By Albert

inspirational essays for157. 1000 Beautiful Things 5.00 Eight on such Inspiration short talks

A collection of the warm, human and subjects as truth, ingratitude, tolerbrief stories selected for effective-...

real in selections from inspiring in illustrating the world's ance. reading in the ness For a point. Almost

inspirational poetry. of prose and great ideas. subjects. company 100 different

Give A Gift of Books from Deseret Book 820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 501. Brownie Hawkeye

Flash Outfit 13.50

Includes Brownie Hawkeye Camera, Flash Model; Kodalite Flashholder with Kodak 2-way Flashguard; 8 Gifts for the

No. Photoflash 5 Lamps; 2

Size C Batteries; 2 rolls

V620 Film; combined manual booklet of photo

tips. perfect gift for takandA

ing snapshots or indoors out. Photographer

Add 34c mailing costs.

Beginner Advanced Amateur Professional

You can give hours of constructive pleasure with a gift of photographic equipment...

brand Projector new Movie A Home 8mm

.... Bell quality and Howell lightweight, there's something in Deseret Book's Camera

.. lbs. only.. 12 design Modern. sharp

bright to movies 6 feet up wide.

is of all, the price truly modest. Add.. best76c Shop for every age and every stage. Just a

mailing cost. few selections are shown here.

503. Baby Brownie Special Camera 2 85

Film of 127 503-A One Roll.41 ZZ.

camera famous An inexpensive for the crisp pictures it will take in either black and camera. Addwhite19c ormailingcolor. cost.Order a roll of 127 Verichrome to go with your

504 Camera Bag 10.50

Overthe-shoulder type designed carry small bag cameras accessories, and or ladies'"accessories". of Grain Topto Made with Cowhide white Saddle

stitching. Blue, Comes Red, in Navy Golden Wheat, Russet Glow and

all Ginger, locks. GoldBrite with cost. mailing 19c Add

505. Automatic Changers For 2x2 Slide Projectors 14.95

Airequipt Automatic Famous Changer to go. Fits nearly all ready the popular complete35mmwithslideadapterprojectors.and magazine,Add 19c

cost. mailing

506. Melton 8mm Movie Viewers 4.95

Enjoy your 8mm films without having to use a projector. See movies in black and white or full color simply

by cranking them through this marvelous hand viewer.

Add 24c mailing cost.

Kodacraft Photo Lab Outfits A complete developing and printing outfit for the beginner and the advanced worker desiring simplicity, portability and ease of use. Available in regular and advanced sets. Add 34c mailing cost. m

507. Regular set 8.75

508. Advanced set 14.10

,H, 35mm Slide Storage Files

509. Brumberger Slide File 2.95

Keep your 35mm, Bantam, or larger readymounts and slides in the best condition by filing (hem in this large capacity storage box and carrying case. Each slide fits into its own

slot. Steel construction throughout,

including handle and two snap locks.

.;.;*'Attractive (way crackel enamel

:* ish. Each slot numbered. For 35mmfin-

"/ 1 and Bantam. Holds 300 readymounts or 150 glass slides. Add 24c mailcost. ing I::.;-,i

Iff Other slide files from $1.95 up.

Make DESERET BOOK Your Christmas Camera Headquarters NOVEMBER 1952 821

118 Beyond the High Himalayas -5.00

William O. Douglas

A thrilling tale of hazardous adventure on the "Roof of the World"... but even more, the

emergence of Central Asia as an area of profound significance in the battle between tradition,Communism, and illusProfuselyDemocracy..>:

trated. |iL

119 Thurber Album 3.50

Thurber James The one which best de- 0$ word scribes the Thurber Album is nostalgia—nostalgia about the

good old days in Columbus, Ohio, a typical and importantAmerican city, as a superb arHEMINGWAY tist knew it.

120 The Giant 3.95 at his best

Ferber Edna 121 The Old Man and the Sea 3.00

authorEdna Ferber, of Show Boat and So Big, has written her first novel in eight years about Man's ageless struggle with the forces of nature is sharply infabulous the Texas 20th Cenwriting into of Hemingthe dramatic focus brought by tury. of the Club Book Month against pits himself this old tale of in an man who wayselection.

sea. sharks, marlin, the giant and a

tf c:MsE Gown

Glory

122 The Caine Mutiny 3.95 124 KonTiki 4.00

Heyerdahl Thor Herman Wouk bestTopping yarn super sea drifted across the Pacific on a raft; who

Willie II Keith the andseller on mutiny a Worldlists isWarthis literature. old.. destroyermine-sweeper,. the colorful story of Thean exploitfamousthataccountrivals anythingof six menin

PulitzerCaine. prizewinner, voted best novel by critics.

3.75 3.75 125 Gown of Glory123 A Man Called Peter

Agnes Sligh Turnbull Catherine Marshall

The true story of a great modern minister, and former chaplain of the U. S. A village minister of fifty years ago and his wonderful family make up the

Senate, Dr. Peter Marshall. This is a record of abiding love and inspiring humor, pathos and adventure of this novel by the author of The Bishop's

faith... written by his wife. Mantle.

BETTER HOMES & GARDENS BOOKS—FOR MOM——FOR DAD—

126 Better Homes and Gardens BABY BOOK 2.95 128 Better Homes and Gardens HANDYMAN'S BOOK 3.95

This famous and popular stepby-step helpings. remodeling guide to Abetterprize babygift! care gives parents the secure Ask any question about home maintenance or repair; furniture building,

Better 3.95 129 Gardens and Homes GARDENING BOOK127 Better Gardens and Homes BOOK COOK

.. looseleaf style to practical indexed, of recipes, cover. with guide yeararoundTab washable home gardening. Hundreds To "How Do It"2.95 A

it illustrated. stepby-step... profusely looseleaf with packed tabsmenus; index data. in the kitchen"with to do form "how handy

There's a gift book for every taste at...

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 12.50 of Metropolitan the130 Art Treasures

in Metropolitan Museum, illustrated the from masterpiecesFabulous

, descriptive commentary. plates, with fullcolor andbeautiful

131 Midcentury Journey by William Shirer 3.50

in Berlin World War II voice from C.B.S.Shirer's the was... he Tops on best seller lists

journalist observing great of a descriptive powers lucidwrites the with the contemporary scene... a modern European diary.

-3.00 Hopper by Hedda Hat 132 From Under My

as a screen, and and career on stage of a fury famous fun andThe part. taking personalities of famous a hostcolumnist, with

133 Lincoln Picture Story of Life by Stefan Lorant 6.00

Lincoln, but about published have been volumes than 5,000More than story 500 pictures with more like thisnone word 100,000 of Lincoln) and all tells photographsthe Lincoln (including. known..

text.

3.00 Miller Downew Soul by Pilgrim Anne 134 The

... Hampshire wilderness in family a pioneer the New about Novel

told with skill and warm human feeling.

135 Rage of the Soul by Vincent Sheean 3.50

Set in India, Washington, and Rome, this thrilling and controversial story is especially interesting because of Mr. Sheean's personal knowledge of India at the time of Gandhi's death.

3.75 Lee Runbeck by Margaret Dreams Hungry Man 136 A

of of his own style trials errors of a young man in search and The living are clearly depicted in this portrait of a GermanAmerican family in early Twentieth Century St. Louis.

140 Moses 3.75 142-B De luxe edition....5.00

Asch Sholem Greatest Story The 143-A story and of Moses inspired The

.. times. his of the epic drama 2.95 Told Ever

clarifies the importance of the

Oursler Fulton Biblical narrative. Silver Chalice 145——3.85

retelling faithful reverent and 3.75 141 Robe The -A A superbly Supper Last the of the of story Cup everlasting story A of evernew, the Douglas Lloyd once Rarelyperhaps. Costain. B. with powerful written. classic of Jesus, told favorite Thomas by perennial The

simplicity. of the last captures. days the novel that about novel the generationcomes in a

.. the and earth Christ on life. and the recreates that imagination....5.00 edition 143-B Deluxe the following. his of trials people

... immediate that makes era of bygone.. a breath crucifixion.

battle behind the foundthe dramatic exciting The Greatest Book Ever and 141 -B De luxe 5.00 144

religion. the Christian ing of 3.95 Written

142-A The Big Fisherman 3.75 Fulton Oursler

Douglas Lloyd retold Perfect for Christmas Giving story Testament Old style Robe The the of The Follows fascination greatness, all the of Peter, with story the... depicting

first among the apostles, and and simplicity of Ourslers'other fisher of men. famous works.

:::"::: {;;;;:.::; Cook Books for Mom

146 Fannie Farmer's Boston Cooking School Cook Book 3.95

to the all revised brought time, and of up classic book cook This casseroles, foods, frozen packaged and information on with minute illustrarecipes. electric blenders, and 160 new cookers, and pressure

the Power &f tions.

3.95 Becker and Rombauer of by Cooking Joy New

pressure foods, frozen section recipes. on over 4031 pages, New 1021

recipes. Section on electric blender. Over new of 500 use

of special will section altitude cookery be High Positive cookery,nutrition147 menus. and

Thinking interest148 Lowto CalorieMountainCookWestBookhousewives.by Bernard Koten 2.95

348 nonfattening recipes for people who love good food.

3.50 Book Crocker Betty Cook

Crocker Betty the 1149It took it"book. cook staffCompleteten yearswithto prepare468 "Howthis 464to dopage, upto-theminute

pictures, 36 fullcolor photographs, and 2161 alltime favorite recipes.

150 Betty Crocker Cook Book—Deluxe edition 4.75

—FOR DAD—

It Pearle.. 5.95:ent 2.95 Book b) Hunt's Thinking rm Peter Positive Do To of \ 151 How Power 154 discarded brush; turning paint with confidence; and for for magic rules working developing Secrets workable simple, you: Dr. 10 Peale shows

. will love pieces useful into techniques five used. Dad by furniture in need; prayer people helped examples 13 how

popularity; and to guide a tenpoint defeat; to overcome menof FOR—it! MOM—. more. muchsuccessful 4.95 Beauty Book Colby's Anita 152 4.00 H. A. Overstreet Enterprise by Great 137 course The secrets, complete charm grooming fashion exercises, and Diets,

A new book by the author of The Mature Mind.... a handbook of beauty, glamour, and personality.

138 The Sea Around Us by Rachel Carson 3.50 159 Collected Verse 4.00

Winner of the 1952 National Book Award, this lucid book "introduces the By Edgar A. Guest

human race to its true ancestral cradle—the ocean."160 Collected Verse 6.00

edition. 2.75 Leatherbound 139 by Barnaby Conrad Matador

Complete 161 Amy Vanderbilt's bullfighter, a fickle mistress and the most dangerstory dramatic of a great The ous bull in Spain. Book of Etiquette 5.00

of etiquette handbook complete Pearle Vincent Living by Norman Confident Guide 153 To ausituation 2.95 Afor every by a famous to most valuable confidence—the a passport seller great best since 1948... A subject. this important thority on asset own. can anyone

NOVEMBER 1952 823 ITS BOOKS

wiifvOtvrt>co( '.>;..

W<>lH><k'

Landmark Books 1.50 ea. Famous Dog Stories 1.25 ea.

life series to bring in the book Landmark Each of the editions inexpensive unabridged, a Handsome,.49 is designed past. nation's in our great Each event stories ever trueto-life colorful, exciting most and

stirring of reading, rich, capable to rewarding be 1016. authors. leading about Ages dogs by

9-13. his as as heart mind. Ages well reader's titles available: of 16 few writtenA

titles available: of the few 20 theA

Kazan 303A Express Pony The 301A

Oliver Curwood James Hopkins Samuel 303B Snow Dog 301 B Prehistoric America

Jim Kjelgaard Terry White Anne

Clark and 301C The Lewis Expedition 303C Call of the JackWild London Richard L. Neuberger

American Heritage Series 1.75 ea. Famous Horse Stories....1.25 ea.

places life events, outstanding certain to bring To girls this of lowpriced the delight boys For and prepersonalities, Heritage the American and stories. horse Stimulating,is of famous

stories of and series dramatic exciting seriesmen and jackets. fullcolor sturdily books, with excitingMany bound

to freedom. Ages blazed the pathway who sentswomen titles: of 1016. 14 are illustrated. Ages Some

titles: of 8-12. 10 few A

302A Jed Smith, Trail Blazer 304A Hoofbeats

Frank B. Latham John Taintor Foote

302B The Captive Island 304B Mountain Pony and the Rodeo Mystery

August Derleth Henry V. Larom

302C The Country of the Hawk 304C Midnight

August Derleth Rutherford Montgomery

Cherry Ames Series 95 ea.

Thrill to the adventure, romance and a career a thatservice make 1115. few of one.glamorous Ages nurse's A -4 72<wz<dtt ANNE Wells. Helen13 titles by 'GABtES OF GREEN * 'Cherry Nurse Student jS Ames,306A

.4 iDM I 'INSECTS SUCH ISD

306B Cherry Ames, Senior Nurse 306C Cherry Ames, Flight Nurse %.. /4r /.*! <"

w 305 Better Homes & Gardens Second Story Book 2.95

A companion volume to the highlypopular first volume. Fifty imaginative

stories selected for their excellence, suillustrated, awaitprize are theperbly 1&W&**<*"'girls. for its covers boysing within and

Ages 6-10.

The American Adventure Thrushwood Books 1.25 ea.

of are copythe famous cream Books ea. Thrushwood 1.95 Series

girls, for classics handboys and righted modern series brave the Adventure American The size format, printed wellbound. and somely

of stout the deeds courage advanced and whoof mentells of over 30 1015. type. few easyto-read Ages ALarge

accurate, frontiers. fastpaced li#fc America's titles:

titles: stories. the of 8-12. 12 Ages AColorful,few

of Green Gables 351A Anne Chief Black 307A Hawk Montgomery Lucy Beals Lee Frank 307B Fur Trappers of the Old West 351 B Penrod

M. Anderson Booth Tarkington

307C Davy Crockett 351C Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm

Frank Lee Beals Kate Douglas Wiggin

The Childhood of Famous Americans Series 1.75 ea. Real Books 1.25 ea.

Childhood Americans The of Famous duces boys and girls to such people as LouseriesGehrig,introThebooksRealfor Bookboys andseriesgirlsoffersat animportant,incrediblyauthoritativelow price.

Daniel Boone, Dolly Madison and Amelia Earhart, The books, though educational and informative, are to name a few. Over 40 titles to choose from. at

9-12. Ages 9-12. the Asamefew timeof overexciting20 titlesand available:entertaining. Ages

308A Paul Revere—Boy of Old Boston 310A The Texas Rangers

308B Louisa Alcott—Girl of Old Boston 310B Bugs, Insects and Such

308C Bird Girl—Sacagawea 310C Buffalo Bill

Order by mail from Deseret Book—coupon on p. 826

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BOOKS FOR CHILDREN 2-10 Years BOOKS FOR CHILDREN

Junior 8-14 Years Eyes..311 1.25 Gave God Me 322 Read More Me

...2.50 Olive Burt Peter For Tree W. 334 Library—1.50ea.Illustrated A Stories 2.00 availeditions luxe Seredy Other Kate de Compiled Bible Illustrated Child Study Assn.312 by $3.00. at Peter, small and an $2.00 able unboy named A of America transIrish tramp, cop an and known Library Illustrated Junior 1.50 Story Book The is all the of Here the wonder gay into a squalid, Shantytewn old form to boys available and makes Loveland Seymour for world children to grownups and inclean, settlement. modern An their all fagirls of best the share Stories, other. with each in spirational story faith of manbeautifully...2.75 Christ Child books, vorite313 The verses for pictures and children. 9-12. kind. Ages illustrated. Easyand bound Petersham Miska & Maud 2-6. Ages 9-14. type. toread Ages A Birds State and 335

titles available: Bible of314 Standard 25 few Like Just 323 David 2.50 2.00 Flowers Marguerite Angeli de Black Beauty Readers....1.25 Story ea. 332A Earle L. Olive to of story Jeffrey wanted The who Sewell Faris Anna Lille A. is flower state bird and deEach like the brother be David, and

( 5 Volumes accurately, scribed simply and and and King Arthur 332B trip his big family Westhis when moved 1016. illustrated. beautifully Ages illustrated. Beautifully to Ohio. Ages Knights His Bible Picture315 ABC

Jets, Rockets, Lanier Guided Sidney 336 1.75 Book 1.75 324 Bear Mr. Ask Little Missiles Space 332C Women and A. Elsie Egermeier

Marjorie Flack Alcott Louisa May 1.00 Ships picture of animals, farm book and A 2.50 Real316 Mother Goose

Pratt little Fletcher Goggins of delightful story and a Jack a boy who McNally) (Rand is reality in travel Interplanetary his for gift a for a birthday hunts this exciting, detailstory 4-8. fascinating mother. Ages 2.50 2.00 April Mother317 Bright Goose 329

history principles the ing behind and Angeli Edition Wells Corolyn Marguerite de the Blue Told iltravel. Under jet 325 Profusely rocket and little Negro a of story real, warm A Picture Book lustrated.318 8-12. ABC Ages & family April, her happy girl named Umbrella 2.75

surprise. Beaubirthday 10th her....1.00 and Trails Indian Nursery 337 Rhymes realistic With fine, Thirtyeight On modern

6-10. illustrated. tifully Ages stories for K. Hetherington children selected Evans M. & young Daniel 2.50 Boone the of Literature the Committee by Stories Book..2.50 Just 2.50 So319 Bumper L. The E. Meadowcraft 330 for Association Education. Childhood

Kipling Piper as along Daniel with Boone Watty Come Edited by 4-9. treasure. family Ages A decorillustrations forests of pioneers dark colorful the he Ken100 Over Christmas Golden320 The allIndians, treacherous containing outwitting 22 tucky, this big book ate the Told Under 326 Magic

this Ages tale early poems. stories in rousing of America. favorite and time 1.50 Book 2.75 Umbrella 8-12. Ages 4-8. Gertrude Crampton Compiled by

lively, of collection imagchoice 32 A the Wind....2.95 King of 338 of... Book folk tales, 331 Golden stories animal The inative

Marguerite Henry the in adventures exciting tales and 3.95 girls Geography will this love story Boys and by lands magic of wonder and...

fiery stallion of a of Elsa Werner Arabian unFirst Series Book writers. children's Ages prominent world. the to spirit introduction child's quenchable one became who A 4-9. ea. 1.75 regions of all all life kinds in horses of the of most famous Human

Silver the. rela-. in illustrated 327 Sung Under illustrated, is time. Masterfully described and

series, First written Book The environment. geographic this tion the to the Newberry John book won. girls 2.75 for to Umbrella 12, 8 and boys features from 9-12. for topographic basic 1949. Ages Award AH into the takes the reader sprightly folklore, jingles, and are introwaterfalls to continents live, Horses....2.95 of in fill of 339 world this collection which and Album verses weout Jollymodern fullcolor pictured. 300 and duced detail describes in fascinating Ages old new. Marguerite over and Henry poems 200 7-10. pictures. Ages earth. the of Beautipeoples facts, 4-12. littleknown enUnusual and

illustrated. fully A few

of Nature and the wonders of 328 Picture Book of 333 The Golden tertainingand superbhumaninterestpictures combineanecdotes,here to several titles: Astronomy 2.00 Encyclopedia 2.95 delight the horselover. Ages 9-16.

A. Bennett Dorothy S. Meyer Jerome of First 321 Book 340 Enchant- A and Myths scientific, knowledge, of array vast questions about to A book answer Indians An

ilof profusely B First Trees geographic, Book 321 natural, Tales 2.00 seasons, ment the the moon the and

presimply classified, andis lustrated, it goes it shines Price Margaret and how Evans and sunwhy of First Stones Book 321C for this volume important in sented planets is the earth, vivid and the the the beauty, glowing Here around 7-10. Ages enlightenment. child 6-10. swift, imaginative stars. the power, Ages and

vigorous action of 19 of the immortal

Greek and Roman myths. Ages 8-12.

341 The Enchanted Book 3.00 Selected by Alice Dalgliesh From many different countries, here are 21 fanciful tales of enchanted princes and princesses, of animals that become human beings and humans turned into animals. Superbly

illustrated. Ages 8-10.

342 Tree in the Trail....3.00

A saga ofHollingthe greatC. SouthwestHolling woven

around the "Tree in the Trail"and the Spanish explorers, Indians, homesteaders, and adventurers. Ages 8-14.

346 Boy Scout Encyclopedia 2.75

A new, superblyBruce Grantillustrated and bound edition patterned after the

Boy Scout Handbook. A cherished

treasure for any Scout.

Nancy Drew Series...95 ea. 352 My Picture Book of Songs.2.50 rf*

Danger and adventure lurk behind every clue in these Alene Dalton, Myriel Ashton and Erla Young titles 30 few of 1115. A by Carolyn Keene. This and I of the Gatehouse Secret347A musicis witha happyeverycombinationprinciple ofof advancedpictures, wordspsychology

347B Ghost of Blackwood Hall used to attract children and teach them, in this 347C Mystery at the Ski Jump beautiful and unusual book.

Hardy Boys Series -.95 ea. 353. Songs to Sing for L.D.S. Children 2.00

follow the adventure excitement Breathless and Hardy 349 Island Stallion's Fury 2.00 to justice. to bring criminals endeavorBoys as they

Ages 1014. A few of 30 titles by Franklin W. Dixon. Walter Farley

348A Secret of the Lost Tunnel The story of Steve Duncan, whose dream of some day;-

348B The Tower Treasure meetingleads himandintohavinga successionfor his ofownadventuresa giant redwhichstallion.;will 1:

348C The Wailing Siren Mystery hold young readers spellbound. Ages 9-14.

Delight boys and girls of any age with books from Deseret Book

NOVEMBER 1952 825 Child's Story of the Book of Mormon 370 Storytime 2.00

Mabel Harmer 2.50 360 of Promise Land Vol. II—Precious 1.75 371 A Story toPrimaryTell School & Sunday

361 of their Inheritance 1.75 Ill—Land

Bible the 2.00 372 Tell Me About Vol. Savior 362 to the Comes Vol. IV—The Alice Jones Mary

Promised Land (New) 1.75

Deta P. Neeley 373 Tell Me About God 2.00

365 Egermeier's Story of the Bible 2.95 Mary Alice Jones

(Other editions 2.00 Jesus 3.95 and 4.95) 374 Tell Me About Elsie Egermeier

Alice Jones Mary 366 Hurlbut's Story of the Bible 4.95

Jesse L. Hurlbut 375 Tell Me About Prayer 2.00

Mary Alice Jones 367 Picture Story of the Life of Christ 2.50

Elsie Egermeier 376 White Indian Boy 2.10

368 Story of the Book of Mormon 3.00 Wilson Driggs

Florence Pierce 363 Children's Friend Story Book

Book of 369 Stories From the Association Vol. 2.50 Mormon 2.00

Hill Theresa StoriesI—Primaryfrom Children's Selected Friend.

358 The Story of The Birthday of

Our Church 3.00 Little Jesus.. 2.50 364 Children's Friend Story

II 2.50 \ Book—Vol.

for press Just off the Emma Marr Petersen L\ Sterling North JM"""r Christmas.

L:., 354 Ben the Wogon Boy 1.50

Howard R. Driggs

355 Bible Picture A.B.C. Book 1.75

Elsie Egermeier 356 Bible Stories for Young L.D.S 3.00

Emma Marr Petersen 357 Book of Mormon Stories for

Young L.D.S 3.00

Emma Marr Petersen

THIS CONVENIENT ORDER FROM COUPON

here. selections of Each book or other Circle your the numbers fjgf ",V-*"jYJ*"iAi&'j*t!* A,.,

title. gift identified preceding item is book by number

MHtti Br 1 5. 34-A. 60. 92. 123. 150. 308-A. 332-B. 359.

1 "< 6. 34-B. 61. 94. 124. 151. 308-B. 332-C. 360.

62. 125. 308-C. 7. 35-A. 95. 152. 333. 361. 1 <frl Deseretl IN|Book Col 8. 63. 96. 126. 153. 334. 35-B. 310-A.

|t 44 East South Temple jjj 9. 36. 64. 97. 127. 154. 310-B. 335. 363.362.

""*'':T>''r"Wfc5H 10. 37. 65. 98. 128. 155. 310-C. 336 364.

Gentlemen: 11. 38. 66. 99. 129. 156. 311. 337. 365.

Please send items circled. 12. 39. 67. 100. 130. 157. 312. 338. 366.

Enclosed is ( ) check, ( ) money order for $ 13.14. 40.41. 68.69. 101.103. 131.132. 159.160. 314.313. 340.339. 367.368.

Charge my account. 15. 42. 70. 104. 133. 161. 315. 341. 369.

Allow slight extra cost for C.O.D. orders. 16. 42-A. 71. 105. 134. 301 -A. 316. 342. 370.

NAME (Please Print) 17.18. 42-B.43. 72.73. 106.107. 135.136. 301-B.301 -C. 317.318. 346.347-A. 371.372.

STR EET OR RFD 19. 44. 74. 108. 137. 302-A. 319. 347-B. 373.

CITY ZONE STATE 20.21. 45.46. 75.76. 110.109. 138.139. 302-B.302-C. 320.321 -A. 348-A.347-C. 375.374.

When ordering books by mail, please add 12c for the first book and 22. 47. 77. 111. 140. 303-A. 321 -B. 348-B. 376.

for additional packing. for postage book and each 4c For postage on 23. 48. 78. 112. 141 -A. 303-B. 321 -C. 348-C. 501. gift items, in description see listing item. under each other

Residents of Utah add 2% sales tax. 24. 49. 79. 112-A. 141-B. 303-C. 322. 349. 502.

\ Christmas delivery cannot be guaranteed unless orders are received 25. 50. 80. 113. 142-A. 304-A. 323. 351 -A. 503.

before December 15. 26. 51. 81. 114. 142-B. 304-B. 324. 351-B. 504.

Send Christmas Cards as follows: (circle style numberl 27. 52. 82. 115. 143 -A 304-C. 325. 351 -C. 505.

28. 53. 83. 116. 143-B. 305. 326. 352. 506.

Style 1 2 3 4 29.30. 54.55. 84.85. 117.118. 144.145. 306-A.306-B. 327.328. 353.354. 507.508.

31. 56. 86. 119. 146. 306-C 329. 355. 509.

Quantity (number of boxes) 32-A. 57. 88. 120. 147. 307-A. 330. 356. 510.

32-B. 58. 89. 121. 148. 307-B. 331. 357.

Your name imprinted at charges shown on page 815. 34. 59. 90. 122. 149. 307-C. 332-A. 358.

Imprint name as shown Order Christmas Cards—lumbers 1,2,3, 4 on fo m at letFt.

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Why Should Family Prayers

be Held?

(Concluded from page 791) home, one is changing her dress, another her shoes, another getting ready to go to the theatre; another has gone

to see Mary, and another to see Emily, and I may add, etc., etc., etc.

"Now I have a few words of counsel for my family, which I shall expect them to receive kindly, and obey:

Namely, when prayer time comes that they all be at home. If any of them

are visiting, that they be at home at half past six o'clock in the evening.

I wish my wives and children to be at home at that time in the evening, to be ready to bow down before the

Lord to make their acknowledgments to him for his kindness and mercy and longsuffering towards us. Our freight cars can't escape!

"Your strict attendance to my wishes in this respect will give joy Shippers and receivers of freight frecard is punched for each freight car to the heart of your husband and quently need to know where their cars in every freight train. The punchfather."of freight are while en route. holes actuate a tape, the tape sets batBrigham Young For years Southern Pacific has teries of teletypes clicking—and to

cities nightly its shippers on its route (and with a carreport- by ourGt Salt Lake City served tell telegraph nationwide that could network ing system just about own

April 2, 1866 where each freight car is located to our S.E freight offices all over the

among the 80,000 or so moving over nation) that car's record flashes inThis message of Brigham Young to our 13,500 miles of line every day. stantly. The setup also gives a "passhis family may be taken as a mesThat system, while reasonably fast, ing report,"showing the progress of

sage to all Latterday Saint families. did take a little time. So, since time each car as it moves over the railroad.

Let the practice of daily family prayer is at a premium, S.E has developed By means of this new "electronic

be in every family living under the car reporter"system, our S.P. freight

blessings and obligations of the remen all over the U.S. know each

morning advise shippers (and can receivers) the locationstored Church of Christ. Let no and

other duty interfere with it. carloads going to defense production,of vital

the military, or to you, the consumer.

While our business is primarily that of supplying fast transportation, we thought you would be interested

These Times something new to give still faster into know that we also furnish the formation service. This new, superequally vital fast information.

(Concluded from page 782) fast freight carreporting system is a business machinetape-teletypetions are vested in the county commissionerships and the county clerkships. setup..

You can afford to look at these nominees With the speed of light186,000 twice before going to the polls. miles per second—this setup flashes a

A final word on "how to vote": be record of moving cars to all points all

careful not to deface your ballot in over our lines and to Eastern cities, any way. A slight pencil mark, accithus tracing and reporting each cardentally drawn in dropping the pencil load as it goes along.

or other slip—despite election laws reAt terminal and division points, a

quiring judges to give full expression to the "will and intent of the voter"—may

cause your ballot to be discarded by the N PROGRESS judges of election. True, these judges

are appointed and named under a system of twoparty responsibility, but the ultimate control over them lies in the county commission and clerk's office hence the importance of getting honest men, sober and true, in these important Southern Pacific Company, D. J. Russell, President

offices.

Good luck! May you vote "right!"

NOVEMBER 1952 827 r y GIVE L D. S. BOOKS.. THE RICHEST

SOURCE OF INSPIRATION & GUIDANCE

You'll solve your gift problems quickly and inexpensively this Christmas if you take full advantage of a Beehive Book Club membership. You'll stretch your budget and,

at the same time, satisfy your desire to give something worth while and lasting, something that will add to the joy of living. Too, you'll be able to get the books you want

for your own library at a substantial saving.

Right from the very beginning you start saving by accepting two FREE introductory books when ordering your first selection. In addition, you receive a FREE Bonus

*!# Book with every fourth book you buy. You pay only for the books you want at

publisher's list price. You enroll for no fixed term, you don't need to buy a book

every month, and you are not required to take any special number of books during the year.

Two new books and two previously published editions are reviewed by editors and fully described in our "Book Review News"leaflet that members receive monthly.

If you decide you want one of them, then return the order form with your selection indicated. And with each fourth book you order, you get your FREE BONUS BOOK.

The Beehive Book Club selections, in almost every instance, have been the most widely read, most frequently discussed L. D. S. Church books. They have been at or near the

top of bestseller lists. You'll find every one of them will lend culture and distinction

to your home. Why not join now and use your membership to buy gift books. The

names on your Christmas list will appreciate one of the loved Church books at the top of the next page.

ONE BONUS BOOK FREE

WITH EVERY FOURTH BOOK YOU BUY

INTRODUCTORY OFFER TO NEW MEMBERS I

fg0"ANY TWO OF THESE BOOKS FREE

Choose any two of the books shown in this box as our introductory gift to you. They're yours absolutely FREE when you order your first book

selection from the top of the next page. You'll find these books enriched

with philosophical and scriptural information.... providing years of

reading enjoyment and guidance.

OLD TESTAMENT BIBLE STORIES, by Emma Marr Petersen

THE SEVENTY'S COURSE IN THEOLOGY, by B. H. Roberts

EXODUS TO GREATNESS, by Preston Nibley

GOSPEL THEMES, by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

THE ONLY BOOK CLUB DEVOTED ENTIRELY TO L.D.S. LITERATURE

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CHURCH FAVORITES FOR EVERYONE

Children Friends Students Missionaries

BOOK OF MORMON TESTIFIES By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

This book climaxes many years of research by Dr. Sperry... recognized as an authority on the Book of Mormon. Scholarly and inspiring, it's an important book for all students, missionaries ond religious

libraries. Presents a systematic treatment of the Book of Mormon, book by book. *3

IN A SUNLIT LAND By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Everyone will enjoy reading this autobiogrophy of John A. Widtsoe.

It's an enlightening book that's highly praised by so many who are so familiar with his experiences. Packed with wisdom and religious

philosophy. $3

ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY By Joseph Fielding Smith Interesting and instructive to the casual reader as well as the careful student. Ideal for Priesthood quorums, Church schools and auxiliary

organizations. In this one volume you'll find the vital and essential points of history and doctrine arranged in chronological order. $4

ANCIENT AMERICA and the Book of Mormon

By Dr. Milton R. Hunter and Thomas Stuart Ferguson

Here's a volume that represents years of research, writing and traveling. Contains new, enlightening material concerning ancient civilizations described in the Book of Mormon... many of the facts revealed $400 for first time. the

J. GOLDEN KIMBALL

By Claude Richards Here, you'll meet colorful J. Golden Kimball... a brilliant man

faith in God. a true pioneer rockbound with an unswerving, and good $750 It's wit and biography sparked with amusing amazing an and humor. 3

THESE CLUB SELECTIONS PREVIOUS PREFER... CHOOSE BOOK FROM IF YOU

L. D. S. IMMORTALITY STORIES, for Young THE WAY TO ON I GOLDEN BOOK OF MORMON

By Emma Marr Petersen $3.00 AND ETERNAL LIFE,

ByL. D.GilbertS. SCRIPTURES,Charles Orme $4.50 By j. Reoben Clark, Jr $3.50

JESUS THE CHRIST, JOSEPH SMITH, Seeker After Truth,

By James E. Talmage $3.00 By Dr. John A. Widtsoe $3.50

the monthly Book of Review News. You'll enjoy reading it, and will be able to get the books that you are most

toSPECIAL NOTICE: ceiveanxiousIf you want to join the Beehive Book Club but do not want any of the books listed, send in the coupon below and reown.

THIS COUPON MAKES YOU A MEMBER WITH ALL PRIVILEGES

BOOK OF MORMON TESTIFIES

By Sidney Sperry BEEHIVE CLUB BOOK

IN SUNLIT LANDB. Dr.A 151, Salt Lake City, Utah P. O. Box Dr. A.By John Widtsoe

ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY P. O. Box 2271, Terminal Annex, Los Angeles 54, California

By Joseph Fielding Smith ANCIENT AMERICA CHECK C.O.D

By Dr. Milton R. Hunter and Thomas Stuart Ferguson....Q (Include State Tax)

J. GOLDEN KIMBALL Gentlemen:

By Claude Richards Please enroll me as a member in the Beehive Book Club and send as a free gift

OR SEND THESE PREVIOUS SELECTIONS the following two bonus books free with my first selection, which I have checked at the

THE OFBOOK TO MORMON WAY ON four additional that for each will receive FREE a Bonus left. I understand Book forSTORIES, IMMORTALITY Young AND

time. selections that I can drop understandI at any my membership LIFE PetersenBy Marr ETERNAL Emma L.D.S.G

L. S. D. J. Clark, SCRIPTURES, Reuben By Jr. G U.S.A. OUTSIDE CONTINENTAL EACH FOR BOOK ADDI buy.50cI alsoEXTRA GilbertBy Charles SMITH, Orme Q JOSEPH

Truth AfterJESUS Seeker THE CHRIST

By James E. Talmage....Q By Dr. John A. WidtsoeG NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, ZONE, STATE INDICATE THE TWO GIFT BOOKS WANTED:

LI Old Testament Bible Stories Brigham Young the Colonizer

The Seventy's Course in Theology Exodus to Greatness

NOVEMBER 1952 829.""As Unto the Bow..

(Continued from page 814) When Sarah beheld the shining newness of the house, saw the glow of the fire and the lamplight, and smelled the pine of the logs, the glow of radiant happiness on her face was beautiful to behold.

In rapturous joy, she exclaimed, "Oh, Canute! It's beautiful! I've never beheld anything so lovely. A

queen's palace couldn't be more acceptable or more appreciated than this."She examined everything with

care and was happy with each new discovery.

This was one of the happiest moments of Canute's life. This was

their first, own, new home in a new land with the promise of a wonderful, yet hard, life ahead.

This moment was a beautiful and sacred moment. It held so much for

these two spiritually endowed lovers, that its coming and passing helped to fortify them for the trials ahead and helped to erase past hardships and heartaches.

Sara and Canute were happy in their new home. The few belongings

were placed to make the place cozy and attractive. Fresh curtains were

put up at the windows, and snowy doilies and covers were placed on the table, chair backs, and mantel.

The following day, Sara took the little can in which she had planted a few twigs from the willow tree in Illinois and carried with her all the plains. She planted across the way WALKER BANK I2f of the in the corner the cuttings

3 LOCATIONS little plot intended someday to be

Main Office - - - Main at 2nd South the lawn. Around them, she built a

Pioneer Branch 450 South 2nd West fence of sticks for protection. Here

Sugar House Branch 1030 East 21st South was the beginning of her first shade tree! As she accomplished her task,

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Member Federal Reserve System she sat back dreaming of the day

when it would be large enough to shed its beneficent shade over the front yard. As she was thus dream33!&33S8& ing, Canute came up. ARCHAEOLOGY - GEOGRAPHY "Well, Sara, what are you doRELIGION ing?""I've just planted our first tree,

BOOK OF1 THREE BOOKS IN ONE Canute."

of the Book of Mormon arranged "Tree?"he teasingly asked. "I wOKON I The Contents

for convenience. Maps and charts worth the thought you'd planted sticks. Where

price of the book.

Essential for every reference library. An Aid is the tree? The sticks are bigger

to teaching. than the tree."

Sara looked up with a hurt exfor his lack of appreciation BOOK OF MORMON GUIDE BOOK pression $5.00 for her efforts, but when she saw the

DESERET BOOK CO.—Z.C.M.I. - BOOKCRAFT twinkle in his eyes and the smile on

and other leading book stores his lips, she burst out laughing and (Continued on page 832) 830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Winnifred Jardine's "Food Is Fun"

A threetime national award winner, this locallywritten column provides you with scores of tasty meal suggestions.

Margaret Masters in "Margaret's Kitchen"

A daily column filled with chatty comments by an interesting local writer.

Mary Marker's M Confidentially Yours"

Local people's problems receive wise counsel from this outstanding columnist.

Emily Post's "Etiquette"

The recognized world's authority on etiquette keeps readers posted on behavior questions.

Gladys Gardner's "Your Garden"

A locallywritten column keys its information to local growing conditions to help you produce a lovely garden.

Slffso*- Evelyn Blood Sims'Sewing Roundup "Fashions For You"

Illustrated articles on needlecraft plus The latest news on fashion wear available daily patterns. in local stores, and illustrated by local models,

is a regular feature of the women's pages.

Karen Kramer's "Home DecoratingFurnishing"Upto-theminute news on new products, new Plus the Exclusive designs, new materials and techniques in makyour home more attractive and livable. MidWeek Section

on Wednesdays The finest coverage of Exercise Column

Society News and P. T. A. News by Virginia

Women's activities "Beauty"Andersonby Anita Colby

All in the Greater Child Care, by Dr. Garry

Cleveland Myers, Ph.D.

Nutrition News by Winnifred C. Jardine Homemaker's Exchange

Shopping News

For Tots"mU fafee pekgram "Food

NOVEMBER 1952 831 "As Unto the Bow..."

(Continued from page 830) said gaily, "It does look rather funny, doesn't it? But you just wait,

that tree will outstrip the sticks it has roots and the power to grow, but the sticks do not."

Canute and Sara were extremely busy that spring. The surge of youth

was in their veins; the joy of living,

and work to do impelled and compelled their every waking hour.

irrigating, planting, weed- '*E!S Plowing, re; near as VCiSS-"* for the harpreparing ing, and then

all their time.

often would gather toTHE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE vestThetooksettlers gether in the evening and enjoy one

The delicate pulse of the notion's business world is reflected each day another's company in conversation, in the 400or-more figures and quotations on the financial pages of singing, and games.

The Salt Lake Tribune... These pages are vital links between the Sister Goates and Sister Evans

would often run in to see Sara and national market centers and the intermcuntain West... Accurately chat for a few moments or borrow

edited each day to correctly reflect business trends, The Tribune's some little thing, since the absence financial pages ore another reason why THE TIE THAT BINDS THE INof stores made borrowing, lending,

HRMOUNTAIN W*ST is... and repaying a common practice,

with love and friendship the result.

Sara and these two sisters became very close friends and helped each other a great deal.

ONE OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS As the busy spring and summer wore on, and August came with its long days of heat and burning sun

GET READY FOR WINTER! fieldsthat turnedof ripeningthe greengold,tenderSaragrainandto

PROTECT PORCHES! Canuteand feelwouldthat Godlook wasupongoodtheir infieldshis

Keep dangerous, slippery, slushy ice and blessings to them. As they sat thus

snow away from your front door! Add new musing after their midday meal, a

beauty to your home with a KOOL BREEZE man on horseback came to their door.

PORCH COVER—built of sturdy aluminum He gave a letter to Canute, having

to stay up and stay beautiful the year on it the official stamp of President around! Brigham Young. When they opened

PROTECT STAIRWELLS! pareit, thehimselfcontentsfor toldimmediateCanutedepartureto preKeep snow out of stairwells, ice off steps with a KOOL BREEZE to open a mission in Norway.

STAIRWELL COVER. It's economical. First cost, last cost. ALL KOOL A look of stupefaction came over

BREEZE INSTALLATIONS are their faces, and a thousand thoughts custom made! Wide choice of raced through their minds.

architecturally - selected colors. "Oh, Canute, how can I let you

BREEZE ENJOY KOOL AWNTHE INGS FOR LIFE OF YOUR go?"and Sara clung to him.

HOME. Thus they stood in silence, Canute's arm around her waist. He

sought to comfort his wife. "Sack,

sweetheart, I know this will be an awful blow, but if it is God's will,

MAIL COUPON NOW! we can manage it. I know that being

KOOL BREEZE AWNING COMPANY away so long will seem an eternity, 111 8 SOUTH STATE STREET I and Norway seems to the ends of the | CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH if prayerful earth we're away, but h Please information send about KOOL | n8 esouth will bless us and and humble, God l<*e obligation. SeS<o C>ty,- Ph*ne h BREEZE without AWNINGS Soil,

NAME | make it possible for us."

Offices in Boise, Preston, I ADDRESS | "I know that, Canute, but how can

Ogden, Provo CITY STATE [ I ever endure life without you for (Continued on page 834) 832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pleasure Beyond Measure

when you go UNION PACIFIC

For an unforgettable trip—full of fun and free of care—go on

a Union Pacific train.

As you roll smoothly along on your own private highway of steel, you do whatever you please—rest in smartly appointed

reclining seat coaches or in the comfort and privacy of modern

Pullman accommodations... relax in the attractive club car...

or stroll leisurely about. You enjoy distinguished cuisine, and

deft service in a Union Pacific diner. And when day is done, you

For details and resdrift off to sleep, to dream of a pleasant tomorrow!

ervations see your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent

For Dependable Passenger and Freight Transportation

Be Specific - - - Say UNION PACIFIC

NOVEMBER 1952 833 NEW DRIPLESS AS UNT0 THE BOW..."

PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET (Continued from page 832) that long? I was afraid our life this food they had left, and drank great

with Automatic Locking folding handles summer was too good to last. Oh, quantities of water, thus trying to fill

Canute, my dear, we must rely on themselves. They even considered

the Lord to give us strength to enkilling some of their animals, but as dure, and wisdom to guide us aright."they were starved, and moreover, as

A knock sounded on the door, and they could not spare any of them,

Brother and Sister Goates burst into they decided against that measure.

the room. Brother Goates looked The mules and horses became so

pale and distraught, and Sister weak that when they lay down, they

Goates had been crying. were unable to get up again unless

"Oh, Sara,"she cried out, flinging the men helped them, and the men her arms around Sara, "Dan has been were so weak that they could scarcecalled on a mission, what will I do? ly help the animals.

Oh, what will I do?"When finally they limped to the

Sara patted Sister Goates'shoulder, banks of the Missouri River, a stiff and replied, "You'll do just like I will. breeze was blowing down the river so

Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread Canute has been called on a mission that it was impossible to get the ferry and water tray, in beautiful appearto Norway."across. After a little while, however,

"Oh, Sara,"she sobbed, "if you a skiff was brought across by threeing plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk can take it, I guess I can, too."men, and Elder Pratt crossed.

White). Note the large sturdy handles Preparations for the missionaries'He soon returned with provisions

(all handles are Crystal) that autodeparture went forward. Missionarfor the men such as bread, butter,

matically lock in place. Handles fold ies from Salt Lake City and the other cheese, meat, pies, and many other

so good things. one hundred were The numbered mendown, out of the way, when not in settlements

fitted that the food in all. Thirty to be wagons were out ravenous had

use; requiring only 1/3 the space of to take them to their fields of labor. rationed in small quantities so they

old type sets. Those that were to labor in the eastwould not overeat and become

ern states and the others that were sick. They devoured the food with

Water trays feature a special rim going to labor in foreign fields had relish and promptness, and later on around each individual cup opening to go to the nearest railroad in Chisome more was given to them. To

cago. these starving men, it tasted like

as well as around outer edge of tray. The company of missionaries and manna from heaven.

This practically eliminates inconvenwagons was ready for departure and As soon as the wind abated, all ience of dripping water. This is a started from Utah on September 12, were ferried across the river to Plattespecial patented feature. 1852. Brother Orson Pratt was in ville, below Council Bluffs. Here

this company, and his counsel and they were supplied with food and all advice was of great value to the misother necessities. The camp was

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY sionaries. pitched about a mile from town in

Sets available at Presiding Bishop's The trip took them over mountains some beautiful woods where there

Office—Salt Lake City, Utah and plains, and everything went well was an abundance of grass for the

or Order Direct from until they reached Laramie. Here livestock. Here they had a regular

THE PLASTICAL COMPANY they learned that Indians had been Mormon camp, where they cooked, on the warpath and had set fire to ate, sang, preached, and prayed. At

3575 Manchester Blvd.

all the grass between there and the this place the men separated for their

Inglewood 4, California Missouri River, a distance of almost respective fields of labor. Many of

four hundred miles. them would never meet each other

This made it necessary for the men again.

to share their flour with their aniBrother Erick M. Hoggan and Camals. They mixed it with water into nute started with their wagon and

a thin paste, which they gave the span of horses for Illinois. They

animals to drink. camped outof-doors in the snow all LO* ANGELES..

They traveled as fast as they could the way to Ottawa, LaSalle County, under these circumstances, but, in Illinois. Here both men had many

spite of their speed, the food ran out. friends, relatives, and acquaintances IANKERSHIM to visit. called their they last four reachthe days before on When

of as River, "n -in the ingand the Missouri and relatives, some wept them the men m J* center of animals,, were without food. There thought of the long, hard journeythey

$m everything! was no game that could be killed as and the hardships still ahead of them.

iIS. Rooms with bath from $3.50 all the game had been driven off or At this place the men sold their

killed by the raging fire. harnesses and horses in order to get

[SEVENTH AND BROADWAY The men became so hungry that money with which to travel to their

E. P. "Al"ALFORD

Gen. Mgr. they ate quantities of salt, the only mission fields.

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

After resting for ten days, they resumed their journey. They had a

chance to go as far as Chicago, a distance of eighty miles, with a friend of theirs. The train they could af- * "">

ford to ride offered very poor accommodations with straight, hard seats without backs on them. They rode

this to train to New York City, arriving there Christmas Eve.

( To be continued

The Cannons Came From the Isle of Man

{Concluded from page 811) the Prophet Joseph Smith when he met them at the dock. He thanked

them personally for the hospitality they had extended to missionaries in

Britain.

John Taylor, Cannon's brotherin- law, welcomed them to his comfortable home. George pursued the building trade.

George Cannon died in his fiftieth The special Wicks Organ year, before he was able to make the and console designed for trek to the far west. His fear that his Guildtheof OrganistsBoston,Convention.American

name would die out was groundless. Details and price for this size

There are upwards of two thousand instrument gladly furnished.

of his descendants throughout the

States.southwest United

Cannon, George Q. the eldest son, 7. YOU CAN OWN

was a Utah pioneer of 1847, arrivingon October 3. He served as Presi- A WICKS PIPE ORGAN

dent John Taylor's secretary. After- $ he actedward in the same capacity;.from?,975

finallyfor Brigham Young, becoming a counselor in the First Presidency. here is the real thing

Angus, a younger son, came later with his older sister. An expert shot, at the price of imitations

he contributed wild game to the (DETAILS SUPPLIED ON REQUEST) wagon train's scanty larder. Thus it This is the opportunity to buy a magnificent WICKS

was that this Manx later met and PIPE ORGAN, custombuilt by artistcraftsmen, and married the Welsh girl, Mattie guaranteed to give lasting satisfaction.

Hughes, whose own father had died three days after they reached the Salt Worldfamous Wicks Organ tone, finest allelectric

Lake Valley. action, and superb cabinet designs in console and organ case, are yours—in this REAL pipe organ.

Expert and personal service is available through

MARCH OF DIMES these Western Wicks Representatives.

Lynn Hansen Melvin W. Dunn Charles W. Allen

25 S. MacDonald 481 10th Ave. 10708 1st Ave., N.W.

Mesa, Arizona Salt Lake City, Utah Seattle 33, Washington

FIGHT INFANTILE Che w c"ks organ

PARALYSIS COMPANY PLEASE WRITE DEPT. IE WICKS

HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS ORGANS

JANUARY 2-31 NOVEMBER 1952 835 GEORGE THE HANDCART BOY (Howard R. Driggs. Illustrated by J.

Rulon Hales. Aladdin Books, New York. MN TIN &*Az*sCce\& 1952. 80 pages. $2.00.) JTJ HPhis is one of the Aladdin books which

are among the very best children's

SIGNS OF THE TIMES of education in Utah, and the progress booksare so onwrittenthe market.and the contentsMoreover,aretheyof

(Revised and Enlarged. Joseph Fielding of the Church during that time. such a character that grownups as well

Smith. Deseret News Press, Salt Lake In addition to having directed an as children can read them with profit.

City. 1952. 253 pages. $2.25.) agricultural experiment station, he Dr. Howard R. Driggs is doing the

THhis new and enlarged edition of a served as president of two of Utah's country real service with Western hiswidely read earlier work can perleading universities—the Utah State tory which he makes in several volumes

University the College and be describedhaps best by its own title Agricultural of the Aladdin A. W. series.—/. a quarduring than more of Utah; andpage: of discussions sponsored "A series

by the sisters of the Lion House Social ter of a century his entire efforts have CALL OF THE PROPHETS

Center and given by Joseph Fielding been devoted to the Church, serving (Herbert Rona. Visual Arts Co. Salt

Smith each Wednesday night from as an Apostle. His literary productions Lake City. 1952)

October 14, 1942, to November 18, 1942, have been prolific. Many of his books HPhe wealth of Church literature that

with additional information taken from and other publications on dry farming stems from the Book of Mormon events from 1942 to 1952, principally in and irrigation have been translated instory has been used again in this ficrelation to the return of the Jews and to numerous foreign languages and tionalized historical drama based upon the creation of the Republic of Israel as used in schools of various lands six scenes from that book of ancient the fulfilment of prophecy."throughout the world; and he has lived American scripture. They make interAs a scriptorian, scholar, and interlong enough to see many of his dreams esting armchair readings, these dramatic

preter of the times, President Joseph fulfilled in the educational field and episodes, ranging from Jared's brother, a

Fielding Smith and his addresses and Utah attain the rank of first place in builder of ships, to Samuel the Lamanite writings have long been followed with the nation in her educational achieveprophet, and these scenes gain in efinterest and looked to earnestly by a ments. Milton R. Hunter fective power when used as the authorwide following throughout the Church. suggests—for home evening programs

His pen has been indefatigable in its AN UNDERSTANDABLE and for other small groups of Church RELIGION gatherings. A. L. Z., Jr.interpretation of truth, and his taking (John A. Widtose. Deseret Book Co.,

time from pressing official duties to Salt Lake City. Reprint 1952. $2.00.) THE GREAT ENTERPRISE

this tobring date will book be up Overstreet. Co., (H. A. Norton W. W.

title of this indicates the '"The book as a sincerely receivedwidely appreciInc., York. 1952. pages. $3.50.) 332 New

insubject that matter has beenated service. edition new The will no points his purthat author out HpHE

yet succinct in the cluded twentytwo its find intodoubt hearts way and many is assist psychological to pose the in explicit this of chapters volume. Such R. L. E.homes. is of persons. His growing work up

Is as: pertinent questions God? What

parts; "exinto divided Part one two

Is Be Should There Man? What WhyIN SUNLIT A LAND—THE... qualities the amines have must we in Religion? Ordinances and manyAUTOBIOGRAPHY OF if relationare into to livable grow we

others are painstaking answered with A. WIDTSOEJOHN "expart fellows"; ships our with two

care. as topics Religion and MarSuch(Deseret Press, Salt City. Lake News of qualities the understanding amines

riage, the Religion Family, and The pages.301 63 photographs. $3.00.)

if reare to concern need and we we salient of other God, and Kingdom many is the Sunlit autobiographyTn Land A late ourselves productively soundly and to subjects careful receive treatment of Dr. A. Widtsoe. Since he John this live."in age to which book The we the earnest enable learn the student to

is as so widely an eminent eduis known stimulating valuable prove and should essential of doctrine the Church. lecturer,cator, scientist, servant, public leaders to to reading help wish who

/. C.—M. ofbenefactor of youth, activities as the direct person to as well and—greatestall—an Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ, "WILL A MAN ROB GOD?"who sincerely wishes to improve himself.

this book will find a welcome spot in (Milton R. Hunter. Deseret News Press,—M. C. /.

the libraries and the hearts of a multiSalt Lake City. 1952. 296 pages. $3.00.) WRITING BOOKS FOR BOYS

tude of his friends and admirers. It T-Tere at last is the first extensive study, AND GIRLS

is beautifully illustrated and attractively expertly documented, and in lan- (Edited by Helen Ferris. Doubleday &

bound. The sixtythree photographs, that every Latterday Saint can underCo. Inc., Garden City, New York. 1952.

as well as the printed pages, chronicle stand, which fills the longfelt need 320 pages. $2.98.)

his life's activities. for a clear explanation of tithing, taxes, "TPwo hundred sixteen authors for young

1 readers tell in this book how they The narrative is written in Dr. Widtand takehome pay. "Will A Man Rob

soe's interesting, vivid, terse style. The God?"is one of those semitextbooks that came to write the special kind of books.

volume contains numerous anecdotes, can be read backward as well as forThe book is divided into three sections giving it a personal touch. ward. It can be read forward for the of writers: writing for the sixto eightThrough the reading of this book, inspirational counsel stated and quoted yearolds, for the nineto elevenyear-

one relives the numerous experiences on every page, and backward, from time olds, and for the twelveto sixteenyear- which marked the growth of both to time, for verifying the pattern of the olds. In addition there is a stirring inChurch and state during the first half revelations to men through the ages troduction by Helen Ferris on "Young

of the twentieth century, since Dr. concerning "the Lord's tenth."To serve Reader's Choice."

Widtsoe's life was an integral part of teachers, students, and missionaries, the The bits that the authors wrote will both. In fact, the story of his life volume is completed with an exhausprove stimulating to the prospective

vividly delineates the highlights of the tive index, with references, ancient and writer, particularly in sources from development of both day farming and modern, that firmly establish the law which they were stimulated to write.

irrigation in the arid West, the growth of tithing.—H. L.—M. C. /.

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We're forever blowing bubbles..

Q.

B LOWING bubbles, an ageold symbol for idle to the surface of these bubbles, ride them to the top pastimes, has turned out to be the key to one of of the vat where they "float"over the side. Water

Utah's greatest industries. is removed from this product which then goes to the

For without the magic of bubbles, it is quite smelter. The worthless material "sinks"to the

possible that the mountain of lowcontent copper bottom of the vats and goes out to the tailings pond.

ore at the Utah Copper Bingham Mine could not Thus a new ore milling method was born, born be profitably processed. Many years were spent

searching for a better of method the removing 99% ofthebubbles!great UtahThus Copperdid flotationenterprisehelp makewhichpossibletoday worthless material in ore. Utah Copper Finally

Daniel C. Jackling and his associates helped perfect accounts for 30% of the nation's newly mined copthe flotation process. per. In excess of $120,000,000 annually is expended

How does flotation work? The flotation departby Utah Copper for payrolls, tax payments, supply

ments at the Utah Copper mills at Magna and purchases and other expenses, the benefits of which

Arthur contain hundreds of vats full of a mixture reach into every home in every city, town and farm of water, chemicals and powdered ore flowing from in our state.

one vat to the other. Billions of bubbles are"created Directly or indirectly YOU, your family and

by a "frother"chemical and by violently stirring all Utahns benefit by this continual "blowing of the mixture. The copper particles attach themselves bubbles."

UTAH COPPER DIVISION

KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION

A GOOD NEIGHBOR HELPING TO BUILD A BETTER UTAH

NOVEMBER 1952 837 The Church Moves On

(Concluded from page 784) 1 E President David O. McKay accompanied by his counselors,

President Stephen L Richards and President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., inspected the

construction site of the Los Angeles

Temple. Later this week the excavation

for the basement and foundations were completed, except for some tidying up by hand labor.

O A The appointment of Elder Francis

A. Child as director of the Mission

Home was announced. Elder Child,

former president of the Western States

Mission, and at this appointment, a member of the Ben Lomond (Utah)

Stake presidency, succeeds the late ElderTWOFISTED JOURNALISM Don B. Colton.

Twofisted journalism is essential to the national welfare 1 Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve delivered the

in these dangerous times. The trouble with twofisted journal- "Faith in Action"radio address over

ism is that it often means Yellow Journalism—vicious and irrethe National Broadcasting Company.

sponsible. His subject was: "Security Through

FORTNIGHT believes in being "twofisted"when circumFaith."El Paso Stake, 194 in the roll call of

stances warrant and when it knows what it's talking about. stakes of the Church, was organized

We pick our enemies (causes and individuals alike) with care; from portions of the Mt. Graham Stake,

then seek to expose them within strict limitations of fair play Western States Mission, and Spanishand good taste. American Mission. Sustained as stake

president was Elder Edward V. Turley.

This is no easy assignment. His counselors are Elders George Q.

Payne and Keith Romney, Sr. The new

Judging from correspondence with readers and from the stake comprises the El Paso (Texas) fact that FORTNIGHT is now the second fastest growing magaFirst and Second wards, and the Las zine in the nation, our particular kind of "twofisted journalism"Cruces (New Mexico) Ward, which seems to be widely appreciated. was formerly a branch, of the Mt.

Graham Stake; El Paso Third Ward,

May we suggest for yourself and for your friends, a gift which was formerly a branch of the of FORTNIGHT for 1953. Here is a handy subscription coupon. SpanishAmerican Mission; and the following from the Western States Mission:

Alamogordo Branch, Silver City, which now becomes a ward, Carlsbad Branch, and the Sunday School, which Deming a branch. becomes The memberFortnight now

California's Own Newsmagazine ship of the Hatch and the Hot Springs (Truth or Consequences) Sunday

Schools were added to the Las Cruces

Ward. Elders Harold B. Lee and Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the

FORTNIGHT Twelve were in charge of organizing this stake, which has a membership of

Los Angeles 46, California 2050 members.

Gentlemen:

Please enter a subscription for the undersigned for I 2 years, $5.00 Q 1 year, $3.00 5 years, $10.00 BullsEye

Name (Continued from page 796)

It had been punctured beyond reAddress pair. Did Jim go to Sunday School

next Sunday? No, but it wasn't long

City & Zone State. until he started sending his little

daughter, and before Bill moved 838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA away, Jim had gone a few times, and he was beginning to realize that it was as important as washing his neck.?|C rj*?J? *p

Betty Jean was a very pretty girl, both in face and figure. She was a

lot of fun to have along in the crowd too. One day, at a party, she metEd, a newcomer to the group. Ed "color harmonics"

father as his a great deal traveledhad rewith this post that held a governmenthad quired constant travel. However, his

father had resigned his post and had entered private law practice with Ed as his junior partner. It didn't take

Ed long to decide that Betty Jean was a very interesting girl and so he made a date to take her to a movie.

After the show, they had a soda andupon arriving at Betty Jean's home 8 he asked for a goodnight kiss. Betty

Jean took the request for a compliment and thanked him for it as such but gently refused the kiss. However, A new classic from the Jantzen

she told him that she had enjoyed the family that she'll love to mixmatch- evening and hoped to see him again blend with skirts the fabulous Color soon. Ed took her out several times

after that, and they both enjoyed it Harmonics way. It's styled with

more each time. After several weeks lady -like details in cashmerehad passed, Ed again asked her for a like, washable Kaharafleece.

goodnight kiss. Again Betty Jean

total a refused.gently Ed, at

deal, loss, ZCMI SPORTSW EARthe Betty finally asked: "What's

Jean, have I got two heads or something?"Second Floor

Betty Jean didn't need four shots to hit the bulls -eye. Two did it.

"Do you think that your mother kissed all of the boys that she went out with?""Of course not,"came the reply instantly. "Well, I do think it would be nice to kiss you, Ed, but I'm saving my kisses for the time when I'm sure that it is exactly the right boy, and he is sure that I'm the right girl."

Perfect bullseye for Betty Jean.

You guessed it. She's now Mrs. Ed.

When Ed left her that night, he went right home and woke his father up and said, "Dad, I know it should wait till morning, but I have to tell you about a certain girl. I have to tell you

right now. After seeing girls all over

the country, when I found one who respects herself as much as Betty Jean does, I know she is the one for me.

The reason I woke you up tonight was to tell you about it. I won't have

time during the day. I've got to MAIL ORDERS TO:

work fast. I can't take a chance on MARGOTEnclose 15MANNERS,postage, ZCMI

losing her."Utah residents add 2% sales tax.

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1952 839 BULLSEYE (Concluded from preceding page) This incident occurred deep down seemed to them that George's attiHere's one I like a lot. True, too. in the hold of one of Uncle Sam's tude was a reflection upon them. He

Of course, the name is changed for a heavy cruisers. There is a strict rule tried to pass through the compartgood reason, but don't ever forget in the navy against bringing liquor ment, but one of the larger fellows

the shot that hit the bullseye. aboard the ship but the rule is often laid a hand on George's shoulder and,

Some people think that Satan will broken, and George suddenly found taking the flask in the other hand, fight fairly or abide by the rules, himself in a compartment with six said, his promises, or the promises of his or seven fellows who had been pass- "You've got your choice, Georgie, agents. I want to tell you that this ing a bottle around. George hadn't either take a drink out of this flask

isn't true. He will use any means been gifted with a six foot, two hunor I'll kick you in the shins as hard

from social pressure to brute force to dred pound frame. In fact he was as I can and smash the bottle over

gain his ends and I honestly believe just large enough to get into the navy. your head."

that one of the reasons that he fails Some of the fellows knew that George One has to have had the experias often as he does is because of the didn't drink, and with a couple of ence of being locked in a cold, hard, class of help that he has. drinks under their own belts, it steel, compartment, four or five decks

below the fresh air level, with such a group, to understand the pressure to which George was being subjected.

More than one man has been carried out of such a place and entered in sick bay or the morgue with a notation about falling down a hatch going on his records.

George looked down without answering and the ringleader bellowed, "What's the matter? Aren't you

man enough to take a drink?"

Figuratively, George raised his "rifle.""Do you call those wine bums we saw on Main Street in Los Angeles men?""What's that got to do with it?"

George knew that when dealing with men who had been drinking, that things had to be plainly put, and so he made his bulls -eye as he replied, "It doesn't take a man to drink.

Anyone, no matter how badly shot he is can take a drink as long as he can lift the glass. A lot of those fellows aren't man enough to turn a

drink down. They call them alcoholics. It takes a better man to turn

a drink down than it does to take it.

I'm man enough to turn a drink down before it takes me down. How many

of you guys are man enough to turn a drink down that you don't want?"

The ringleader hesitated. His old

standby phrase had developed a sudSTEEL AND ELECTRICITY work hand in hand to speed Production for den leak, and he had nothing to fall

Freedom, as suggested by this picture of a steel transmission tower back on. George walked out of that

in the Golden Gate area near San Francisco. Since the war, United compartment, and as he left, one of

States Steel has spent more than a billion dollars in expanding and the fellows piped up, facilities,'is its steelproducing improving currently and engaged drinks of of the number "To think in will expansion to a continuing help which assure program America

I really want. didn't that I

steel in of vital plentiful a the future. steel supply Only can do so I took

many jobs so well.. was just making a bum out of myself

instead of showing I was a man. That

naaBL guy who just went out of here is a 3i:l better, man than any of us."

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE NEW SONG (Continued from page 805) fun last year, and you loved it, Linthing for nothing, but it has no place mantel, vivid in red, blue, and yellow nie."in our ceremonies. It is much like

on a white background. One of her Yes, she had loved it, the gaiety, our chants. Santa Claus with his

own rugs lay before it, and Mother the singing, the wonderful food, and mask is like our Ye-i with theirs. We

Dunn never failed to point these out the gifts, but thinking of them now are to think them holy men, but as to visitors. The cleanliness and comonly whetted the poverty at home. we grow older we see that it is the

fort and all these richnesses seemed "We do not have Christmas at legs of a brother or an uncle below patterns of delight for any Navajo. home,"she said. "It is another day, the costume, and the meaning is

and not a part of our religion. Somelost."

Tt was true that her beliefs had times we go to the trading post. "But there is a deeper meaning to

changed. She could no longer Straight Man has a tree and gifts Christmas, Linnet,"they told her,

think the SunBearer carried the sun for the children. The people love reminding her of Mary and the

across the sky each day to hang, it it because it is the getting of some- (Continued on following page) in the house of the Turquoise Woman. The clouds were no longer

people, the trees and the crickets and the elements. There was no doubt

that in these ways she was a traitor, a deserter of her family. Skipping

Rock's letter burned with their need for her.

Vou seem sad and thoughtful this morning, Linnet,"said her father, looking at her keenly. His gaze, kind

and penetrating, seemed to read her very thoughts. She had not meant

to say out her worries, but the words came, nevertheless, under his concern.

"I think I must go home to my people."They all stopped eating and looked at her with great question.

"Yah! You can't do that,"protested Johnny loudly. "You'll wreck

your school marks."

"I would not be coming back to school,"Linnie told him.

"Is it because you are homesick?"

Mother asked.

"You know we promised to take you home to visit whenever you wished,"reminded her father.

There was goodness and truth in their faces. Was it that she felt unloved, they asked. They loved her;

they wanted her with them. They

wanted the best for her. They were

proud of her as they would be of their own daughter.

"I must go home,"she said wretchedly, not wanting to hurt them, suddenly remembering all their goodness, the clothes they had bought for her, the gifts at Christmas time, her beautiful room, the expense of nurses and doctors and the hospital when she had pneumonia last year. Most

of all she remembered their kindness, their love, and the opportunity to learn. "Not with Christmas just two weeks off,"they protested. "We had such

NOVEMBER 1952 841 worried The New Song

(Continued from preceding page) about child, Jesus, who was born in a place as humble as a Navajo hogan. It was a story not to be denied, because it was written, and it

seemed very real and understandable because of the shepherds. Her own

people tended the flocks. When they

told her of his love when he grew up and became a light unto the world, she thought of Dawn Boy and the

Let us take over some of the bothersome details worship of light among the Navajos. When they told her how he lost himIf remodeling presents a problem, let us take over some of the worries. self in thinking of others, she knew

We can help you plan a new room in attic or basement, a new kitchen, new his was the right way because that bath, extra closets... suggest the right kind of materials to use, make was the Navajo way.

estimates and otherwise assist you in getting a first class job. "I have been thinking of myself,"

she said. "I have not thought of my

LABOR MATERIALS FINANCING people.and help Thatthem.is whyI haveI mustbeen goweavinghome

23 a pattern for my own life and am a traitor to the pattern of my people."

"We feel that your own pattern will help your people most, not now, but in the coming years,"Father

We'll 1ielp you lineup We'll see that you're Our Time Payment Plan Dunn told her. "Nevertheless, you

competent the right offers reliable supplied convenient a wtih and way are free to choose, and you must think carpenters, right to pay. the contractors amount and money down, No

or other labor. kind of materials. terms up to 36 months. well before you decide. If you go

home, your place among us will be kept always so that you may come

Protection that pays for itself! back if you wish."

New cars get old fast standing out in In the end she went home. She

the weather. Protect yours against took nothing of her new clothes or

quality winter with garage a machinemade loom built. properly have We plans for..all. 37 her gifts—her

beautiful the yarn, her clean and types, double, single can and and month built thing for whole have the you paints. her music There books and

$14 as including labor low as for there. use be no would There them

was no place in the family hogan for

No Down Payment personal belongings. It was no

larger for them all than her own bedeight-sided room made of room—an

PLAN, smokedarkened logs, with no windows, the door always open to the east, and the smoke hole in the center of the roof, which was not much higher than their heads. Each had

the clothes he wore, the blanket which was both bed and overcoat, and each had a sheep pelt upon which to sleep, fetorita of J&mia Wt Hobe to be rolled up at day.

authority, she was the Mother and By Cecilia Rudin, Margaret M.A. S5E brothers. of the her south side The Enjoy and Give to Own, Book A

400 Years of Inspired Hymn Writing hogan was hers. There she kept her

Children love its dramatic life stories. Busy grown folks get enjoyment loom and her cooking pans, and her

even minutes reading from a few its vivid, brief chapters. Scholars broom made of stiff grasses. She its appreciate authenticity. research and

NEW EDITION—NEW ART BINDING kept her turquoise and silver jewelry

Luther, by Hymns Wesley, Stebbins, Bliss, Fanny Crosby, Issac Watts in little holes, buried under her sheep writers. great and other

"Nearer GivesMytheGodinspirationTo Thee",and"OldhumanRuggeddramaCross",behind"Abidesuch favoritesWith Me"as pelt, and ever near her precious sewand many others. ing materials. Father kept his sadBeautifully illustrated, printed $1.25. only and (Mailing charge 10c). dle and his silver work on the north

gift Order your copy today your or Dealer and a supply from & JOHN RUDIN COMPANY INC. side.LinnetTheclosedfire washer inmindthe againstmiddle. the Publishers of THE BOOK OF LIFE

1018 S. WABASH AVE. Dept. IE CHICAGO 5, ILL. things she left behind, the privacy

(Continued on page 844) 842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Get ready for WINTERNOW with Conoco's Great

> PECIAL

&& SMb*. *<****&

Bumperto-Bumper WINTERizIng LuHere's the 4-Way, ONESTOP service brication to Keep Your Car Running that gets your car ready for cold weather. Smooth and Free. Conoco lubrication

will experts go over Here's winterconditioning the helps that car with a chart your its full your.car keep and power pep, even their at elbow—check Here's blow! winds the headwhen Arctic every lubrication

light to taillight "winterproofing"that point to keep it assures you quicker starts, faster pickups smooth and quiet, on the coldest mornings. And it guards protect it from wear.

metal working parts against winter's raspThey'll put Wintering wear! This is Conoco's new Eskimo grade lubricant in the transmission and rear

Special winterizing service. axle for easier gear shifting, less wear.

FAMOUS "50,000 MILES - NO WEAR"SERVICE!

Your Conoco Mileage Merchant will (1) grit preferably drain sludge, while out

FREE Cooling System air engine recondition the (2) and is hot—and for Check WINTER

filters, oil with and Wintergrade (3) refill Protection! Your

Oil. Super Conoco Motor Mileage Conoco Merchant will tighten 30,000 MILESNO WEAR!

hose connections, In a 50,000mile road test, flush out the radiator, with 1,000mile drains and recommend proper proper filter service, test

Conoco antifreeze. car engines lubricated with

Conoco Super Motor Oil showed average wear of less FREE Battery Check than one onethousandth of for cylinders inch on and Gasoline mileFast WINTER-! Your ancrankshafts! Starting

Conoco Dealer will age for the last 5,000 miles check your battery, was 99.77% of the first

to see if it is oper- 5,000! Proof that Conoco

ating properly to Super Motor Oil helps enhelp give you quickgines last longer, perform as-a-flash cold morning starts better, use less gasoline and oil. AND—Conoco

is a heavy duty motor oil

<1?52 CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

NOVEMBER 1952 843 THE NEW SONG

(Continued from page 842) She changed to her native dress and cleanliness, her many possesat the trading post, fearing to affront sions, her choice to develop in her her family with her Biligahni clothes.

own way, with no pattern thrust upOnce she had been very proud of this on her. Her dreams raveled out bedress; she still was, as a native coshind her with the fences that flew tume, the velvet skirt ten yards

by the bus window, to a line as thin around, the tasseled sash, and the as the road behind. Bleakness and highnecked, longsleeved plush jackemptiness only were left, and the et. Now she felt overdressed. Straight

numbness of dedication. Man drove her out to Gray Hills in

fe

Jrarbonna \ Juv> Afuds }f RICHARD L. EVANS

\\o doubt the course of history has many times been altered because someone has had his feelings hurt. There are

some classic examples that suggest themselves, one such at the siege of Troy with Achilles sulking in his tent. But

for every such that has been publicly cited, there are millions more where the lives of people have been blighted, some seriously and some superficially, because someone has had hurt feelings. It is true that there are thoughtless people;

cruel people; inconsiderate people; blunt, undiplomatic,

roughshod people who often do things the wrong way and who often deal with men the wrong way. Men being as

they are, imperfect as they are, so long as we brush up against them, sometimes we are going to have our feelings hurt, even when others don't know they have hurt us. There

isn't one of us who hasn't been hurt, intentionally or otherwise. But if too easily we assume a martyr's role, if we

nurture and magnify our hurts far beyond their original stature or intent, if we let our lives be blighted, if we withdraw ourselves from fellowship and from activity, we do serious damage to ourselves, our families, our friends, and Chinook, Montana to the causes we might have served. We have learned that

Dear Sirs: we recover from certain kinds of surgery much sooner if

We have just received our we are active and on our feet, and perhaps we should long bound "Improvement Era's"and since have learned that we can cure hurt feelings much it. thrilled are with would We long, don't too sulk nurse sooner an them if we if we don't like to for thank very you much

tents. can't stop the course time in our unreasonable We lovely the job done. you have

of life or of living just because someone has hurt us. Life Our only wish would be that

everyone who subscribes to the goes on whether we go with it or not, and sitting aside in

Improvement Era could see hurt silence when there are things to be done is one unforhow lovely the 12 issues are tunate way of letting life waste way. We commend to all

bound into one book that will these words from an author unidentified: "In the very depths

last for years. of your soul dig a grave; let it be as some forgotten spot to

Thanking you again, we rewhich no path leads; and there in the eternal silence bury

main. the wrongs which you have suffered. Your heart will feel

Sincerely, as if a load had fallen from it, and a divine peace come ourselves great damage if unMr. and Mrs. to abide with you."We do

Clare A. Johnson duly we harbor our hurts. And we shall find that many of

them can better be healed out in the open and on our feet,

The cost is just S3.00 per volume (F.O.B. Salt Lake as can some wounds and some surgery, by not languishing

City; postpaid, add 30c. Canada and other foreign too long in injured inactivity.

countries add 75c).

Save your Eras and send them for binding to jL SpoLn WorJ FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 31, 1952 Deseret News Press Copyright, 1952 31 Richards Street Salt Lake City, Utah 844 THE IMPROVEMElr"ERA his truck. The bleak and barren

hills put heaviness upon her spirit.

Her family, sensing her mood, greeted her shyly. Her father and

mother withheld their questions, fearing to make her unwelcome, and

Skipping Rock would not meet her eyes with his shame. Only Little

Brother welcomed her, sitting at her feet in worship.

"You are very beautiful, I think,"he said. "When you go back to the

Biligahnis, I shall go with you, I think. I shall learn to build a dam

as they do, that I may water my sheep."Little Woman smiled at him sadly.

"I shall not go back,"she said.

"She shall go to the dances in the month of Tall Corn,"said her father.

"We shall find her a husband."

When she saw the sparse meal of mutton and tough bread which her mother prepared for the family, she felt shame to take a share.

"Each year the sheep are less,"explained her mother, sensing her reluctance. "Our lands are becoming

Itbarren. the old as in is not

rich sheep with our were wewhen days, FOR USE INand our silver."After the almost speechless meal,

which was punctuated only by nervous giggles, she brought the great the C/iuc/v comb of stiff grasses to her mother and asked to have her hair bound Vitalize your teaching with films on Bible, Church history, Book in the tribal bun. The simple act of Mormon, sports, boygirl relationships, child care, family

lessened the tension.

life, scouting, Word of Wisdom, teacher training and many

She lay long that night, staring at the walls of cedar logs where the others. Nominal rental fee.

light of the dying fire touched red.

She could not sleep. Her sacrifice Write for free catalog to

AudioVisual Aids Departmentseemed gone for nothing. No one

saw or guessed her exaltation of purpose. In her heaviness she turned on

her back to look at the stars through BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY the smoke hole. Her mother was

kneeling beside her, her eyes speaking Provo Utah an eloquence of love and tenderness.

(To be concluded)

Albert E. Bowen

(Continued from page 795) has become a valued book: Constancy

Amid Change. And he himself has

become beloved, respected, and appreciated throughout the wide reaches of the wards and stakes and missions.

As to some personal impressions:

Albert E. Bowen has a rare and wonderful humor, not overdone, but in

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1952 845 ALBERT E. BOWEN

preceding {Concluded page) from for tenacious generous just judgbut qnes D is of the tenseness in primeetings friends, loyal to and and ment. He

vate conversation and company the when they go to him in their need, incisive thrust of his sharp, quick he is not voluble in saying what he L. D. S. RECORDS comment is likely to clarify confusion, may or will do for them, but they

to bring the discussion back to and presented having a know that may and ALBUMS its real point purpose, often before to just him, problem and they have in tensionrelieving be followed a tenacious by him defender in any

it is or NOW A VAILABLE laughter. court. council And not a common

TABERNACLE CHOIR, MM861THE MORMON 12"records Volume I four $6.29 or a "canned"humor—not the tellHad Brother Bowen been of a

Ye Come, Come My Father; O

Us, Guide With Me; Abide OSaints;Thou ing of other peoples'stories—but his seeking temperament he might have

the Praise to Jehovah; Great Lord; own succinctly suitable observations. gone far in public position. But

Lord's Faith The of Our Fathers;

PVayr; first knowing, or on insufficient his has been the success of sheer merit, O Worship

Fortress; Mighty O God,theOur King;Help inA On Ages Past; Now Thank We All Our knowing, some may assume that he hard work, of a keen mind, of a

God; Lift Thine Eyes. is formal and even formidable, but great character, of a love of truth,

as above on 1 longplaying ML2077—Same

record $4.00 under this gentlemanly formality and of an earnest appraisal of real things,

MM899THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR, sincere reserve are a warm affection and discriminating devotion to the

Volume Let the II, Mountainsfour 12"recordsShout for Joy;$6.29 and an understanding heart, and lasting values of life.

Jesu, Work Day is Over; Now the of even at times a wistfulness. SomeHe is a princely and an uncommon

Incarnate; Bright Hail Abode God

from "Tannhauser"; Achieved

Glorious Creation";is the times when he has been particularly man, who has shown the strength Work from "The

Hear My Supplication; Out of the discouraged with some situation or and accomplishment of a steady,

Arise! Silence Rise Up! from "St. disillusioned by some set of circumstraight, consistent course, and his Paul"; Hallelujah Chorus "Mr. from

of Olives". stances, he has been heard with wry career is an encouraging example to

ML2098—Same as above on 1 longplaying

record $4.00 halfhumor and half -seriousness to those who are willing to work, who

Jessie Evans Smith, soloist, and the Tabersay, "Sometimes I wish I had never are tenacious for truth, and who have nacle Choir, 12"record $1.31 left the farm."worthy ultimate objectives, no matter

soloist, Smith, Jessie Evans "I Walked 12"record $1.50 In He is a defender of the oppressed how late in life they may begin or Garden", God's

for Single to falsely prices—30c above postage of the the quickly acand Add and how long it may take to see the dein Album. LP, 50c And 78 RPM

rise will sired cused. indignantly end. prices to for state sales He above Utah add for2%regular

tax. against hearsay and determinedly disAlbert E. Bowen offers an inspira-

t—————Mail This Coupon—count and discourage loose talk and tion to the young people of this genDate gossip and false and superficial aseration for what he has done since

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY sumption. He hates character assassihe left a log cabin on a frontier farm,

South 4547 Main City Salt Lake 1, Utah nation and the judging and misjudging steadily to pursue his purposes, and

Please send me the records I have checked of men who are given no opportuaccepted each call of his Church. above.

Name nity to answer their accusers or to He had achieved high aims and ends

Address defend themselves. He has been by means never hasty, never deviating

known to rise in wrath against those from a course of quiet, consistent

City & State..

who loosely accuse others. He is courage, and devotion to truth.

Cash Charge C.O.D.

j Daynes Music Co.

iiiiiiift THE SUPREME COURT DECISION IN THE STEEL CASE 4547 South Main, Salt Lake 145 North University, Provo {Continued from page 807) Not so long ago it was fashionable to find of checks obsystem balances and like ours constitutional democracy A It effective to is ourstructive government. was

social of a difficult man's the most perhaps as that to ridicule system easy outmoded successfully. to Our manage arrangements easy. experience too through which The friends your Send is than of society dependent more scheme in the passed has has our world day own

of knowledge on government form other any relatives realization the the vivid that Framers and made for selfdiscipline the and wisdom and inexperienced Constitution were of our not doctrinaires. statesmen longheaded These The achievementimplies the reignof its ofaims.reasonForonourthedemocracymost exthat enjoyed our people had no illusion

Improvement Era tensive scale. biologicalimmunities orfrompsychologicalhazards ofor concentratedsociological

dictator to see a It is absurd in a of power. chose this form forefathers

of the sturdy product representative demoto preserve from us For Christmas governmentOur Mississippi Valley. cratic traditions of the For Weddings autocracy. But difficult though our The accretion of dangerous power does

It does come, day. however that in a it not come is to manage, system we know For Birthdays force of ungenerative the slowly, from of blessings any greatest yields the

There's an Era agent form of government on the face of checkedfence in disregardeven the mostof thedisinterestedrestrictions asserthat in your ward or branch the earth. Justice Frankfurter contion of authority.

tinued with these timely observations: {Concluded on following page)

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Justice Frankfurter's opinion, which is the longest of the six concurring at length, deliberateopinions, dwelt A BOOK THAT IS HELPING TO MAKE that us must not ly, to remind we seek shortcuts in government procedure which tend to circumvent the CONVERTS constitutionally apportioned powers An informative, easy - to - read among the three respective arms of exploration of 50 vital, timely questhe government. tions on the Gospel of Jesus Christ,

each one answered by many definite

A scheme of Government like ours no and pertinent excerpts from the Holy doubt at times feels the lack of power to Bible.

act with complete, allembracing, swiftly Ideal for "singlemember"families, moving authority. No doubt a government investigators, missionaries, Sunday

authority, distributed subject with to be school teachers, seminary students at least of law, in the courts long challenged enough to consider and adjudicate the chaland for all who have an occasion lenge, labors under restrictions from which to prepare speeches or sermons.

other governments are free. It has not been Quite aptly, "KNOW THE BIBLE"

our tradition to envy such governments. In has been called "A Valuable Digest of

any event, our government was designed to the Bible"$2 have such restrictions. The price was deemed

not too high in view of the safeguards OVER 11,000 COPIES SOLD which these restrictions afford. I know no

more impressive words on this subject than those of Mr. Justice [Louis D.] Brandeis:

"The doctrine of the separation of powers was adopted by the Convention of 1787, not to promote efficiency but to preclude (King James Version) exercise of arbitrary purthe power. The MAKES A SPLENDID CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR ALL CHRISTIANS!

friction, but, pose to avoid was, not by means of the inevitable friction incident Autographed Copies Postpaid Direct from the Compiler and Publisher of to distribution the the governmental

B. BENJAMIN ALWARD three departments, to save powers among

First Salt 148 Lake City 3, Utah Avenue autocracy."the people from

bookdealer. Also on Church or your sale at: THE BOOKCRAFT; DESERET BOOK CO.; Z.C.M.I.;

(Myers v. United States, 272 U.S. 52,

240, 293.)

From Justice William O. Douglas,

of "liberal"the mostone members of You can't make a court, significant these the came words Spring Coat

We pay a price for our system of checksand balances, for the distribution of power do among the three branches of the government. It is a price that today may seem a heavy

exorbitant to many. Today a kindly President uses the seizure power to effect a

wage increase and to keep the steel furnaces Winter's job in production. Yet tomorrow another President might use the same power to prevent

to curb trade unionists,a wage increase, to Be betterregiment labor as oppressively as industry thinks it has been regimented by this seizure. prepared

Along with his five associates, Jusenroll tice Robert H. Jackson wrote:

With all its defects, delays and inconveniences, have discovered men no techBranch of Brigbam Young University preservingnique for long free government except that the Executive be under the law, 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY and that law be made by parliamentary deliberations.

It is not too much to conclude, in Here's good reading for young andour appraisal of the steel decision, at---m In *?

that it will rank among the greatest old. Faith promoting. Convincing. Gospel n*Btpronouncements of the court in nearly Dr. John A. Widtsoe's book...

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1952 847 THE SUPREME COURT DECISION IN THE STEEL CASECRAWFORD (Concluded from preceding page) to the modern trend of "government 165 years of existence. Certainly, it by decree,"and the tendency ofMWELUff is the most important ruling in a ascribing new powers to the executive

It half. a decade and should mark DOORS branch, which already threatens to

for falter in those the path tryTHAT LIFTS FREE who THE DOOR

AND EASY AT EITHER SIDE ing to relate the Constitution to an dominate the legislative and judicial atomic age. Perhaps, best of all, the branches that are equally vital to

decision will be a powerful deterrent free men.

*Jhe Jspmponance%p h or lrincipUes

ilCHARD L EVANS

ourselves to remind again amiss not be it would Perhaps ELECTRIC CONTROLLED RADIO / / to principles set of sound ALL a FOR every should that have OPERATORS DOOR man / / DOORS. OF GARAGE MAKES / / is to him. presented proposal any turn can he which when CLOSES DOORS OPENS AND / /

/ATA TOUCH OF THE FINGER. / When a person has a sound and acceptable set of principles,

Crawford MarvelLift Door is the the everyday decisions of life are much less difficult. In

garage door first and only MERIT to be some respects, perhaps, the problem could be compared to highest industry's honor, awarded AWARD the Merit Award of the American the procedure on a playing field: If a referee knows the rules,

Society of Industrial Engineers.

if he knows the principle that covers each play, he can imCRAWFORD DOOR SALES CO. mediately settle each situation. But if he doesn't know, or

155 W. 2 So. Salt Lake City 4-6531 if he doesn't definitely decide, or if for any reason he departs

from the rules of play, he finds himself in an embarrassing and untenable situation. Expediency sometimes persuades

people to meet pressing problems by compromising principles. But the part we sometimes forget is this: When once

for any purpose, WANT GOOD HEALTH? we have compromised a correct principle

however justified it may seem at the moment, we are thereLive more wisely by buying—after embarrassed by it. We and others can always look

# Whole kernel wheat back and see that one exception was made, and if one was # Whole wheat flour made, why not another? No matter what the pressure, no

# Whole grain cereals matter what the advantages, no matter who the personalities, # Unpolished rice it is always unfortunate when any person moves beyond the # Raw sugar # Natural honey bounds of ethics or honor or honesty. It is always unfortunate when a person's principles become too flexible to be

We also stock a complete line of trusted, when a person is persuaded to step just a bit beyond quality""top Supplements. Food if he takes one step beyond bounds, why

juices Fresh available safe bounds—for vegetable

daily. can't he take two? And if he takes two, where can he stop?

BE WISE - ECONOMIZE The fact is that when a person has once stepped beyond the bounds, he has made the next stopping point difficult to BY BUYING THE BEST determine. And this is where basic virtues and proved principrice lists Journal Health and Monthly

ples play an indispensable part: They establish the point request available FREE upon

Pay us a visit or write soon, we are in beyond which one knows he cannot safely proceed. Life

business to serve you. Three stores for

your convenience. can be simpler, safer, and more satisfying if a person has

a sound set of principles from which no preferment or profit or persuasion could induce him to depart.SCHEIBNER'S

HEALTH STORES Uke Spoken lA/om from temple square 66 East 1st South, Salt Lake PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 808 24th Street, Ogden SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 7, 1952 Copyright, 1952 99 E. 1st North, Provo

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

urge the leadership throughout the to which they are unaccustomed, and

Corresponding With Young Men stakes and wards to take this assignin some instances are not able to

Who Are Away From Home mentmore timeseriouslypass andbeforenotsettingto letup anyan copefrom thosewith, atwithouthome. Amoralkindlysupportword,

active correspondence with absent a friendly letter from the bishop,

presiWesandsare livingof youngin a daymenwhenwho thouhold members. fromof theonemembersof his ofcounselors,the quorumfrom one

either the Aaronic or MelchizeTf this assignment were faithfully dencies, or from others designated to dek Priesthood are away from home carried out, an untold amount of act in their behalf would serve as an for months at a time. Their sogood would result. It is certain that anchor to the souls of these young

journ even extends into years. Some these letters would be most welcome men and would help greatly in tying

of the members of the Church who to the lonesome young men who are them to the Church and in keeping hold no priesthood are also in this away from home during an extended them true to the faith and unspotted group. Primarily as a result of the period perhaps for the first time in from the sins of the world. In fact,

Korean war, these young men are their lives. Furthermore, it would letters from the folk at home arriving

scattered from one end of the world take very little time for the presiat the psychological moment may save to the other in military camps, and dents of Melchizedek Priesthood quocertain young men from many a many of them are on the battlefield. rums to write the letters; and the redreaded pitfall.

Also, thousands of them are away sults of such correspondence would Since bishops are the fathers of the from their homes attending univerbe of untold value. The same facts wards, it is recommended that they

sities in the various centers of learning hold true in regard to bishoprics. not only carry on a correspondence

throughout the land. The problem Only a few moments'time now and with members of the Aaronic Priestis even more critical at the present then devoted to writing letters might hood of their respective wards but

time since the majority of these boys result in saving the souls of many of they could with much profit write are very young, many of them still the youth of the Church. These letters to members of the Melchizedek

being in their teens. lonesome boys are young and inPriesthood who are away from home,

One of the most vital assignments experienced. The military service as well as to those who hold no

which the General Authorities have has thrown them into an environment priesthood. These letters also would

given to the presidents of the Melhave a farreaching effect upon the chizedek Priesthood quorums is to lives of the men who received them.

correspond at least once each month with every member of their respecAt least some of these letters could tive quorums who are away from be written in the form of newshome, regardless of the reasons for Air Mail to the Pacific letters, keeping the young men intheir being away. A similar assignformed regarding their friends and

ment has been given to the bishopBy Bess Hagaman Tefft loved ones, telling what is going on rics of the various wards throughout in their home towns, in their quoTARLING, are responsible in general. inthe Church. and rums, the Church They

I want to tell you what he did Priest- *-*'refor of the the the Aaronic holders youth Thus, of the Church today.

hood in particular and for all ward You had so little time to be with him. ceiving these letters would realize

members in general. Since at the I felt you were annoyed by the way that those at home love them and

present time a vast majority of the He pushedfor you yourwouldblocktowerssay, down, have a deep concern over their welyoung men in military service are "He's so destructive! Please watch fare; and so they would be strengthof the Aaronic Priesthood age, hence Daddy, Jim!"ened in their efforts to live in such a

in their tender years, the need is even You hidinglooked fears.at me with eyes half way as to bring honor to their Church

greater for them to be corresponded I murmured, "He's a baby, after all, and to those at home.

with than it would be if they were And fourteen months are nothing, Since the results of such a corvital importance inolder, more mature, and more firmly I evengaugedfoughtby toyears."hide my rising tears respondence are of

grounded in the faith. That you should think our child, so the lives of young men who are memso sweet, small, bers of the Church and are away from A study of the recent reports of

bred in the hour's destruchim Had the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums tive seed. home, and since there are so many

indicates that only a relatively small And so, I'm happily reporting now thousands of them scattered throughall parts of the world at theportion of the quorum members who Todaycede:I watched and did not interout

are away from home at the present He fashioned his own tower without present time, the General Authoritime are being corresponded with by need ties of the Church urge bishoprics their quorum presidencies. The Of help, for you had shown him how! and quorum presidencies to be dilinegligence in not fulfilling this assigngent and faithful in carrying out this

ment is evident; therefore, the Genassignment. May the Lord bless you

eral Authorities once again strongly in this important and worthy cause.

NOVEMBER 1952 849.

New Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards Made Ready for 1952

T ess than two months remain in which to qualify your young men for the

Individual Aaronic Priesthood Award for 1952. Are you doing all you can to promote this part of the program? tatimtel

Unlike previous years when only

Aaronic Priesthood bearers were rated, their leaders are being rated as well this year. The new ward and stake. aPriest

Aaronic Priesthood awards, reproduced M/ard. SfaAe

on these pages in The Improvement (JThiv (fjhiath ofjtsug QJhvigtflfgalterflapfaints

Era last month, will tend to disclose strong and efficient leadership on both levels and will also indicate where leadership may be improved upon.

In keeping with the progress in the award program, we have redesigned the KicfrStttooDuJiirO;!award and changed the title from \

"Aaronic Priesthood Individual Certifi-.a. (2e.ac/ier\

cate of Award"to "Individual Aaronic

U/arat SfaAeiPriesthood Award."awards The new Wat (flhttrch ofJtaug (jflirtftttifBmcrbapamte

for deacons, teachers, priests are and reproduced on this page.

Again, we emphasize, particularly to bishoprics and coordinators, the neces- T a single applicationsity for making on / behalf of all eligible young men whoare to receive the award. The necessity EGWPB.

for this procedure grows fact of the out ar2>,Ueaconthat immediately the application when

S/crAe is received, is rated the ward on the clhe Shurcn ofStunsU/arct(Hhrtet of3JalterimjjHtmr* basis of percent of young men qualified.

Then the total enrolled in the ward and SsaKitttmial ufVclttmniimt the number qualifying are recorded to the credit of the stake, so that when all wau&tif, ward applications are in, we may rate "The Gospel in Anrioxr the stake. It should be obvious that

all eligiblesunless are included in the

T first application, records bookkeeping 7>* &*o*fJihf Siahoflr/c will be rather seriously and unnecessaryjr i> ily complicated.

Of necessity, new application blanks must be obtained when applying for individual awards for 1952. As in the

past, each blank provides for fifteen names and is to be used for deacons, teachers, and priests. Please do not Should Nonmembers of the Church Partake of the Sacrament

application any blanks on now feelings hurting of the to avoid Brethren inquiries have frequently we f\urTE them. of ofhand—destroyuse the investigators partaking in matter of the nonmembers *- as to whether leaders Stake to are urged with work investigators the sometimes and sacrament sacraof the sjhould partake Church visits leaders in toward wards of and sacrament, Breththe partake the but do

Saint Latterday attending when ment felt in that of the always have ren view during leadership priesthood meetings to insure a thorough understanding of services where the sacrament is adminstatement of the Savior in III Nephi 18:5,

this recommended procedure. Stake istered. the partaking of the sacrament by nonis not only not authorized but leaders should actively supervise the Under date of November 20, 1951, members

little for real benefit or no the nonmem- First Presidency ruled on this matter has the for of applications the awards making it. of feel partaking there that ber Some as follows:

is as year soon as the by wards ended inis implicit Savior's in the statement an in order that the eligibility of the stake To inquiries of this sort coming from hibition against nonmembers partaking of to receive the stake Aaronic Priesthood officers in the Church, we reply to the folthe sacrament. However, the responsibility

award may be determined as soon as lowing effect: of partaking or not partaking rests with

possible. The effort has always been made by the the individual.

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA [Prepared bu cJ.ee *t. f-alr,merItohopttoage

Aaronic Priesthood Ward Teaching

Leaders Not to Solicit Funds Need for Efficient learn to love Those

From Members Residing Ushering Emphasized in Need of Repentance

In Other Wards Or Stakes Tt is a general observation that Aaronic VS7hen Jesus was questioned relative

ThXCEPT for financing the conPriesthood members are not being to the first commandment, he restruction of temples and other given the assignment to act as ushers in plied, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy projects where the membership of our meetings as a regular assignment. God with all thy heart, and with all

the Church is invited by the First Some wards are doing well in this thy soul, and with all thy mind."(Matt.

Presidency to participate, memproject, but, for the most part, it is 22:37.) Then, he went further, "And

bers of the Church are not to be being rather seriously neglected. the second is like unto it, Thou shalt

solicited for funds in any way or Our ward sacrament meetings should love thy neighbour as thyself."(Idem

for any purpose by other than be provided especially with efficient 39.)

their stake ward bishops and own ushering. in Coordinators both Aaronic is It to a challenge teachers some ward

presidents. are to give Priesthood urged programs to latter fully observe the commandFull observance instrucof these this activity their special attention. Asit is vital success. ment, their to yet

tions will be most helpful in oversign Aaronic Priesthood members, both is not difficult for ward teachers to reIt coming rather some unpleasant twentyone, to perform under and over love live in spect and comthose who situations where members of the this helpful service friendly and wjith and pliance standards, but Church

Church residing in a given ward then teach them how to usher in our is not so easy for them to maintain afit solicited and stake for have been meetings. Church for fection beliefs, those conduct, whose

contributions projects to finance in ideals, bishhabits, measure Stake and committees, up do not working with other stakes. wards and

to oprics, standards. stake could presidency Church assist the

in providing Aaronic Priesthood memIt requires tolerance on the part of bers for usher duty for quarterly stake ward teachers for the transgressor. The

Aaronic Priesthood Members conference sessions. tolerance needed doesn't mean the acThe matter of ushering should be ceptance or endorsement of evil nor a

to Dress Appropriately given constant attention by both stake compromising of standards and ideals, and ward leaders in both Aaronic but a sympathetic understanding of, for Sacrament Service

Priesthood programs. and forbearance for, theweaknesses of

HPhe apparent necessity for again ofindividuals who yield to temptation and fering suggestions concerning the Senior Members the power of habit.

appropriate form of dress while officiatNo one despised evil more than Jesus;

service suggests ing in the sacrament sinner. the the he loved He saw Discovery of Basic Needs yet possibility attention the could that more soul. potential of every repentant worth

and should be given this recommendasaid, critics his that are he "They Requires Great Skill To tion. of the physician, have need whole no

We quote the recent statement of 'T'he challenge of a group adviser for but they that are sick: I came not to

again President O. and David McKay recall righteous, sinners to the but Priestof senior the Aaronic members

stake Priesthood Aaronic urge and ward pentance."2:17.) His example (Mark is to will say that do and which

to attention to careful his hood give leaders for pattern every the should be ward cause assigned to to the behim men faithfollow instructions to and them follow. teacher to the ward When active in the advance come and Church

fully School during both Sunday and is virtue, this teacher beginmasters he in priesthood. the

sacrament meeting when the sacrament

His problem is to discover the basic ning to magnify his calling. is served:

While we do not attempt to regulate need in each case or the point of interthe manner in which those who adminest and stay with it until it accomplishes ister the sacrament should be dressed, his purpose.

fish, it is felt necessary to suggest that sport This key point is usually revealed to give"a stone. When they needed

shirts of loud colors and patterns, the alert group adviser who encourages he did not give a serpent.

sweaters and coats of the same class, or the group member to talk while he lisSuperficially expressed desires nor any other unusual form of dress be tens and watches. The group adviser minor surface problems did not deter

avoided. who does all the talking usually does nor distract him from supplying the

The wearing of white or very light so in the dark as far as the real problem healing balm to the real hurt nor of pastelcolored shirts is recommended for is concerned. revealing the true, though sometimes

those who participate in the sacrament Jesus was the great adviser, the Mashidden problems.

service. The wearing of coats and ties ter Teacher. People of all classes The successful group adviser, like the

is always appropriate, though not obligsought his counsel. He healed their Savior, will, through prayer, patience,

atory.ity—it Thisis onlyis nota precautiona step towardagainstformalsuch maimedits. Thebodiesdiscoveryand oftheira basicwoundedneed spirwas andneed studyof eachseekmanto assignedknow theto himgreatestand

dress as is not in keeping with the sahis opportunity for service. When peothen with true love lend himself wholecredness of the sacrament service. ple came to him for bread, he did not heartedly to the satisfaction of that need.

NOVEMBER 1952 851 AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF ANNIE SHACKLETON BOWEN (Continued from page 809) he certainily had a job on his hands.

child was the first that had the priviThere were no books and no money lege of entering school at the proper to get any. I don't think there was

age. a sheet of music in town except what

There was no ward choir in we took with us. We used to spend

Samaria, and though there were many hours in copying music. We furexcellent voices, there was scarcely nished our own material, and I helped

anybody that had the least knowledge my husband all I could in this work.

of music, and there was no leader. In a few months we had a passable

After a while someone found out that choir. About this time they began

my husband was wellqualified for to organize the Mutual Improvement such a post. (Indeed, his father and Associations throughout the stakes,

most of his brothers had been choir and my husband was chosen as presileaders at some time.) They redent of the Young Men while I was

BASIC quested him to organize a choir, and (Concluded on page 854)

EQUIPMENT FOR WARD MOVIES Now, here is a complete basic vJn (/Salvia at \Jbtr iSest equipment outfit that will fill all of your ward motion picture RICHARD L EVANS needs—at surprisingly modest Perhaps most of us give way at times to actions and attitudes cost:

and utterances which we well know are below our best.

Projector Bell & Howell 185cx model But whenever we depart from being at our best, we must reSpeaker Special 12inch speaker member that there are at least two things for which we are which converts classroom unit constantly accountable: One is the effect our attitudes and

into auditorium speaker actions have on us, and the other is the effect our attitudes

Two Projection Screens, one of adeand actions have on others. Especially should we be mindquate size for average ward ful of the effect of our actions and utterances on young and

amusement hall and a portable screen for classroom use impressionable people. By the time we have become adults,

we ourselves may have acquired a solid set of standards from

TEACHERS welcome the help of which we may feel that there is not much danger of departfor a more movie instruction efing very far, and to which even if we do depart, it may fective teaching program. There

are special films available for seem rather easy to return—and we may think that occaScouts, for MIA Maid and Exsional small lapses and laxities won't matter too much. But

plorer groups, and for Special

Interest groups. while these occasions or periods of letting down may for us

be only passing departures, the impressions we implant in

Plan a ward movie night for others may be permanent. Many a man who has said and

recreation. wholesome This done things that didn't seem to him to change his own wellalso ideally suited equipment is

for firesides, Primary and Sunsettled standards and basic beliefs has found that the exday School, special programs ample of his words and his ways has changed his children and a host of other uses.

and may have led them to permanent departures. Of course,

we may presume privileges which we suppose belong to our it is all right for us who are Please tell us how we can obtain this years: We may presume that

equipment for our ward. older to say and to do things that those who are younger

Size of amusement hall is shouldn't say and do. But even supposing that we ourselves

Name could, on occasion, stray somewhat (but not too far, we

Address think) from our standards and principles, or from our most

City & State acceptable selves, without seeming to hurt ourselves very

Stake Ward still if it didn't us is doubtful), hurt (which much—even 1 filmswouldavailablelike a forcompleteward showing.list of effects of of the do and say what we we must be mindful

others—because other people are influenced as much by onus

when we are at our worst as they are when we are at our best. For this reason, if for no other, it is important to be Deseret at our best.*

'Revised. Book Co,

yke Spohen.l/i/ora. FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

-x PRESENTED OVERR KSLKSL ANDAND THETHE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 44 E. South Temple SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 14, 1952 Copyright, 1952

Salt Lake City 852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;..:

Now! Two great

FILMOSOUNDS

Filmosound 202 16mm recording projector lets you add sound to movies easily, inexpensively. Make your own sound

movies... add sound to old silent

films. Sound track can be changed

easily again and again. Plays both

optical and magnetic sound. $699.

Filmosound 285 16mm optical sound projector.

Shows sound Sound moviesteachJast, effectively / Full,orsoundsilentnaturalatfilm.all

volume levels.

Every week more than 20 million people specific need. With the Bell & Howell With 6"built-

...view businessbacked pictures. Likewise, Filmosound 202 recording projector, in speaker

churches and schools are becoming ensound can be added to any 16mm movie onlyOther $449.95.separate

thusiasts of audiovisual aids as the modand changed as often as desired. speakers are

ern, effective way to teach. Whenever sound movies can serve you available.

to entertain or to best inform get your message movies—are Sound now products & Howell—look to All Bell

life! for guaranteed for finest equipment the Bell Howell & better because ever across than now a

sound track can be easily made to fit a and service money can buy!

"Education Molds Our Future..

Better Schools Build a Stronger America"

Bell & Howell Company 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago 45, III.

Please send me, without cost or obligation, complete information on sound movie equipment for use in

Industry Church Home School

Name- "Old Betsy"—the first Filmosound ever sold Editor John E. N. Hume Jr. (right) and Address..

—is retired after 20 years of valuable service Charles B. Sellers Jr., of the Schenectady Organization (if any)

to the Elgin (111.) Public Schools. E. C. Wag- (N. Y.) Gazette, use the Filmosound 202 for City County State.

goner considers sound movies so vital that he newspaper promotional work. "Before... we

replaced "Betsy"with the first Filmosound were forced to send along a narrator. Now

202 magnetic recording projector, to provide our films have their own narration and music upto-date audiovisual techniques., and are doubly convenient and effective."Bell fcHowell

NOVEMBER 1952 853 Autobiography of

Annie Shackleton Bowen Hf/UT (Concluded from page 852) DONT assigned to the Young Ladies. It was

with great misgiving that I assumed the position, for I was utterly without / experience and had scarcely even TOO LATE been in a women's meeting as the

Relief Societies were only just being resumed when I left the city and since then I had not lived where meetings were accessible. Again we

were handicapped by lack of books and literary material. I had a good

memory, fortunately, and having always been a voracious reader was often able to fill up gaps by writing short poems and songs from memory for the girls to learn.

One piece of advice given us by our stake officers I think I worked for all it was worth. It was not to

make our meetings all grave and serious but to give the people something lighter now and then, in fact ffwwi anything that was clean and wholesome that would help draw the young to folk readmeeting by comic...

little lively singing, ings, diaspicy Now's the time for your logues, and so on, among more UTOCO substantialAs I walkeddiet. through the streets

and heard the children singing at their play, I used to notice who had WINTER good voices. I gathered a dozen of

them up, and my husband and I together taught them to sing in parts CHECKUP which helped us quite a bit, for it delighted their parents. In our second year we also got up a bazaar

ATLAS \ and, by the sale of the articles made TIRES BATTEtlES girls, to was what added by the the men, let's 0... with UTOCO! donated young by we purfor five volumes

AsUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY chaseduse in theaboutMutualtwentyImprovement sociations. The girls were good to

me, and I enjoyed my work with them. I continued it for over five

ATHLETIC WHOLESALE SUPPLIES years when I resigned and accepted

FOR M.I. A. TEAMS

(Sent return mail) the position of secretary in the Relief

BASKETBALLS Retail Wholesale Society, which I continued to hold

Reach Official $17.95 $30.00 Molded 18.95 until I moved to Logan in 1901. Goldsmith McGregor 26.50 X10L

Spalding 104 LastBilt 26.50 18.95

Reach VOLLEYBALLOfficialNET30x3Molded ft $13.0020.00 $13.957.95 Since then there is little to tell.

VOLLEYBALL- I have done nothing save keep house

Leather Reach Official $12.50 $ 7.95 for what family remained with me BASKETBALL SHOES WHITE

choice of Spalding Your SS, Ked 120's, All Stars or Converse $ 8.50 $ 6.49 and provide a home for several of my

DOUBLE SOLE ELASTIC TOP $.79 Pr. $ 4.50 Doi. grandchildren who came to Logan SOCKS

SEND FOR COMPLETE LIST for their education.

PONCHITO says buy ALTA WHOLESALE CO. I am simply waiting for the curtain

EARLY CALIFORNIA ripe oll> Orem, Utah to fall.

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Go Ye Into All the World..."

(Continued from page799) One of the more important missions of the early Church was the dedicafor Christmas Giving tion of the land of Palestine for the return of the Jews. Thi9 was done *r

by Elder Orson Hyde of the Council national i of the Twelve as he prayed on the

Mount of Olives, October 24, 1841. BIBLES

The Society Islands (Tahiti) was the first of the foreigntongue missions really to be established in the HOME REFERENCE CRYSTAL CLEAR TYPE

Church. (Those elders going to the

Lamanites in 1830 spoke to the tribesmen through an interpreter.) On

of the easyalways, New, Book This 453C. as year 452, Nos. 451, Rogers, 1, Elders 1843, NoahJune Selfpronouncing. type. toread gifts. is gift Espeof the Books

refercenter column F. Grouard, Pratt, of Benjamin ThousandsAddison in it is Bible National if a cially full in of Atlas maps ences. new left F. Nauvoo Hanksand Knowlton Version inspiring King James the and Page Presentation color.

for the South Seas. Elder Hanks died Family Register.... finely printed and beautifully

small pulpit use. or lectern in the striking of new styles in one Available for home, bound many first missionary the wasen route and

concordance With leather binding. flexible or Fabrikoid black. traditional in the or and colors at sea. Israel buried to be if desired.of modern in red, words of Christ

They found these simplefaithed, brownskinned people eager to acNEW TESTAMENT cept the gospel message. with PSALMS

Beloved King James Version Ccarcely had the Saints obtained a leather;lapping flexible,covers; amberovertoe hold in the Rocky Mountains under gold edges; presennational Bibles

and begun their long, tiring task of tationNo. 63PW.page. White FabriWherever Bibles Are Sold

redeeming the desert than the call koid; semiflexible, overcame to inject new vigor into the lappingedges; silk covers;marker; presenamber MKj$g$$WNChurch missionary system—and the tation page.

early 1850's saw the program organized on a worldwide scale: Italy,

Malta, Switzerland, France, Hawaii,

Denmark, Sweden, South America,

Iceland, Germany, New Zealand,

Ceylon, Siam, Gibraltar, Hindustan,

China, South Africa, West Indies, and Australia, where a seventeenyear-old boy, William Barrett, had attempted to bring the gospel in 1840.

Some of the peoples who were visited in those years responded little—and

the missions were soon closed, alWhen You Open Your though the elders assigned to labor SAVINGS ACCOUNT in them worked mightily. In other Bring the family on 'your trip to withFREE $50.00your lovelyor moreSchaefferand you Finelinewill receivepen

set. oppression pencil lands, although and mob and rate regular the i Salt Lake City. Pay

Accounts in any amount $1 to Savings acmissionary violence were great, \ charge your for yourself wife. No and $25,000.

tivity was soon established and those for children under i 14 years, 33 years of continuous operation.

countries were soon sending some of accompanying \ you. CURRENT Per

their finest folk as emigrants to the DIVIDEND Annum

Rocky Mountains to help build Zion. NEWHOUSE HOTEL The case of the Hawaiian Mission Utah Savings

is interesting. The elders started SALT LAKE CITY J and Loan Association

laboring among the whites of the PROVO, UTAH islands and didn't get very far. Then, D. Spencer Grow, President

they turned to the natives and found MAIL HANDY COUPON a people starved for the spiritual food Send your cheek or money order to which the elders had. UtahProvo, Savings,Utah and172yourWestsavingsCenterpassStreet,book

The 'fifties, too, were golden years and pen set will be mailed to you immein getting the Book of Mormon into diately.

the various languages, where the Nome

Address elders were now laboring. These City Zone....State

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1952 855 "GO YE INTO ALL THE WORLD..."

(Continued from preceding page) Snow of the Council of the Twelve, years brought translations of that who was president of that mission, sacred volume from the presses in were Carl C. N. and John F. F. Danish, German, French, Italian,

Welsh, and Hawaiian. Dorius, who were tireless in their

Probably one of the aids in estabefforts to further the gospel's cause.

lishing the Church in foreign lands When they couldn't get anywhere was the valiancy of the early converts by preaching, they used their beautiwho became "local missionaries."Two ful singing voices. On one occasion,

of the earliest in Scandinavia, working when they were in prison for expressunder the direction of Elder Erastus ing their religious views, they con-

(ps3>>->03sNJvjNJV?5i3

d-Se v\Jam r4ow i/je stwcLlr JCHARD L EVANS A one philosopher observed: "We must remember that we INSURANCE s to the difficulties of arriving at justice and fair judgment,

to of have judges out that being men, make by and made for the their local judges intelliare give prejudices 300 agents extra an their not KOLOBWEST diminished "edge"and 1 to giving when sound it comes and complete is is It gence not increased."tribute to say of high insurance service any to Utah, Idaho, Montana and

Every kind Nevada. of protection for every man that he is just in all his judgments. And it is higher plus fair prompt, need settlement of claims.

A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY tribute to be able to say that he is generous as well as just in judgment. Ungenerous judgment is an unfortunate character fault, and perhaps no one is ever innocent when an

ungenerous person is his judge. It sometimes seems that

there is nothing men do quite so much as misjudge other FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr.

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City men. Whether knowingly or not, it is a perennially prevalent

fault to permit personalities or prejudices to enter into the judgments of others. There isn't anything that anyone

ezDecoralive could do that couldn't be misjudged by one who wanted

ORNAMENTAL IRON tocouldmisjudge.not be foundThere bywasoneneverwho awantedmortal tomanfindinfault.whomTherefault

for Railings, Porch Steps, is no act or gesture that could not be misinterpreted by

Balconies, Patios, Columns, someone whose mind was so set. There is no uttered word

etc. Mail Box Stands,

ity/ww to which someone could not give a different meaning from what was intended. No sentence is ever written that could

not be read in different ways. There is no one who could -<W-:\

not in some respects be presented in a bad light by a prejudiced person. In other words, either we can decide to

see the best side of a man or we can decide to see his worst side—and we see the side we want to see. Perhaps this

is in some degree inevitable so long as people are imperfect and that seems likely to be for a long time. But the fervent

petition of Solomon could well be the earnest plea and prayer of each of us: "Give therefore thy servant an understanding

ECONOMICAL - PRACTICAL I that for between bad: good may discern and Install them yourself and SAVE heart..?"2 to judge. it be Whether our who is..able. among cost normal HALF

Adds high price appearance to your friends or family, among our own intimate associates or abhome. strangers, solute greatest of of the qualities one character

Install railings PREKUT NOW!

in is to be generous judgment. just and a plea with And Protect yourself falls this from dangerous

winter. from Paradiso again we could well let Dante give us these

filled Orders immediately constant words of warning: "O mortal men, be wary how for free illustrative booklet WRITE TODAY 3 53*

and price list. ye judge."

UTAH VENETIAN BLIND CO.

So. State, 2420 Salt Lake City, Utah from temple square -Jke Spoken Word WoJ"

free Please send PREKUT Ornamental PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING Iron information.

Name * Revised. SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 21, 1952

iR. Ingersoll, G. Street Speech in Washington, Oct. 22, 1883.

City State Paradiso, 3Dante,I Kings 3:9. XX. Copyright, 1952

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA verted the jailer and his aides to the

Church.

It was not always the poor who Your savings insured j were caught in the gospel net. Early by Federal Deposit

mission histories are full of instances InsuranceI! "I 'I I Corp.

where the landowners were converted and sold their worldly goods...

and shared with their newfound brethren and sisters—and all came

to Zion as a group.

/"nevert—firstof the greatthoseboonsin theto theUnitedconStates,lands—wasand thelaterorganizationfrom the foreignof the

Perpetual Emigrating Fund in 1849.

Converts could borrow money for their passage to Zion and pay the money back after becoming established in their new homes. The

money would be used to bring more

Saints to the American west. Sailing Save 10% each payday!

ships were chartered in England by the leaders of the European Mission SAVE BY MAIL the postage and several hundred convertemi- We pay grants would be on their way to new homes in the land of promise. Shipping firms would compete with oneanother for this business. Captains ZION'S SAVINGS BANK

and crews would prefer these wellorganized, wellbehaved persons TRUST as Main ANDat South Temple Utah'sCOMPANYFirst Chartered Savings Bank their passengers. Charles Dickens,

the English manof -letters, paid these convert Saints high* tribute as he devoted one chapter of his book, Uncommercial Traveller, to them. You 11beproud

In later years ways and means to own or givewere established, whereby those who SAVED had met reverses and never were quite A HARPER able to pay the money back were permitted to work it out. The branchline railroads of early Utah, in which Bible

the Church was interested, became King James Version some of those projects. Many anaging father was joined by near15%

grown sons as they worked side by ON FIRE INSURANCE

CLEARBLACK CONCORDANCEside in construction gangs to build for thousands of owners the railroad and to pay the father's of "Preferred Risk"RED LETTER BIBLE emigrating debt. finest of their given Christ are The words Red

- Self printing. Properties. Letter Reference, pronouncing, It has been estimated that before Illustrations, Colored 16 Concordance, Maps,

the P. E. F., as it was popularly called, CAN YOUR PROPERTY QUALIFY? Presentationleather, overlappingPage andcovers,Familyred underRecord.gold.GenuineGiftwas dissolved in 1887 the by Edwill tell. Free inspection Ask No.Pak. 2415RL, size 4%"x 7"x 1%"....$9.00mundsTucker that fifty Law, about yourGeneral of America agent

thousand persons assisted were by the or or inquire broker—for the NEW LARGETYPE at leastFund, and of onehalf these of our nearest agent name

were brought from foreign lands. you. 49 East First South, Salt IMPERIAL PICA BIBLE

How does a call to the mission Lake City 1, Utah. Tel. 47717. Large, clear, open type... primarily designed

field affect a home? Hardly a home forlargetypeolder eyesin a. convenient.. perfectsizeforBible.anyoneBeautifullydesiring

-of the Church but can answer that boundedges. inContainsimitationPresentationleather, limp,Page,redFamilyunder Recgold

box. special ord in Maps. and Comesfrom firsthand GIFTPAK experience. But here &* 11/16"1801, No. size 5%"x x 8 1%"$8.50 is the story that is typical of many

homes: Ask to see other

On several occasions, Elder Thomas Harper Bibles and Testaments at your 33333* Book StoreE. McKay has told the general conference congregations of the story *fcEk& HARPER & BROTHERS, PUBLISHERS

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1952 857 "Go Ye Into AH the World..."

HUNDREDS OF RICH ORGAN TONES (Continued from preceding page) of his father, David McKay. Dread

FOR YOUR CHURCH! diphtheria had claimed the lives of

twenty young people in Huntsville, including two of the McKay children.

The Hammond Organ has Then, David McKay was called on a a Full Range of Thousands mission to Scotland. That his father

of Rich, True Church Tones. would fill that mission was without

question, but in a year's time, the farm and house would be in better

Easy to Play—if one Plays condition to leave it; the new baby

Piano or Organ He can would have arrived; and certainly

play the Hammond in a the Church would need missionaries few moments. then, too. But Sister McKay put

an end to that kind of thinking, with:

"David, the Lord wants you now, not

CANNOT Get Out of Tune a year from now, and he can take care of me just as well when you're in Scotland as he can if you are at 27,000 Churches have installed Hammonds. my bedside. You go now."Elder Thomas E. McKay finished

the story with:

When he returned [from the mission], she very gently, and I think proudly, placed a beautiful baby in his arms, a baby now over two years old, which he had never seen. The addition to the house as previously planned had also been erected without

letting him know anything about it. It was

a wonderful homecoming."

Throughout the years the list of missions has grown. The Netherlands in the '60's (Elder Hyde had

visited there on his way to Palestine in the '40's), Austria, Finland, Mexico, Turkey, Samoa, Belgium, Tonga, WORLD'S FINEST BASKETBALL

Russia (where a short visit was made in 1897), Japan, South America (where there are now three missions,

Brazil, Argentine, and Uruguay),

Czechoslovakia, and during the last

CAN'T COSTS decade, to the American Indians again, whom the Church had never

PEEL NO really forgotten about. The latest

OR MORE mission now being established is the

Central American Mission. Wherever

GIVE THAN the elders have been permitted to

AT ORDItarry, they have found converts who have added their strength to the

THE NARY Church.

SEAMS BALLS One of the great aids'to missionary labor has been the establishment of the bureaus of information. The

first one was established on Salt Lake

City's Temple Square over a half century ago. And others have been

SPECIALISTS IN established at other temple grounds

OUTFITTING COMPLETE IN ALL SPORTS and Church historic sites. Tourists OF TEAMS

visit these bureaus, and perhaps years SpoaEUuj.GoocU.

Bennett's, Ogden—Bennett's, Provo later, if they meet missionaries, they

Falls Paint Co., Easrside Idaho gospel message. hearts to the

Co., Pocatello Paint Glass & ISjeMM&ttiLogan Hardware, Logan are more likely to open their doors and

effective Another program is the Falls Paint Co. Glass Twin & 65 W. First South—Salt Lake City Idaho

"May 1947, The Improvement Era.

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stake missions, which have been operating under the supervision of the

First Council of the Seventy since 1936, but last April were transferred to the general mission committee. Someone has called this the

"neighbor to neighbor"plan. Members are called on missions, not to

leave occupations and homes and families but to have organized friendly discussions about the Church and its doctrines with their nonMormon neighbors. Those members on stake

missions spend all the time that they would normally expect to spend in

Church work on this one Church activity. And they serve quietly, humbly, for about two years.

Still another missionary activity—

whose power has never quite been ascertained but it is a mighty power for good—is performed by our young

men and women who have been denied a mission for the Church because of world conditions. They

serve in the uniforms of their country. They preach the Church standards they believe—not by word of

mouth—but silently, in the way they

conduct their own personal lives.

Because of foundations laid by the missionaries, there are now many areas where strong stakes of the

Church prevail.

Who does not recall President J.

Golden Kimball telling of the attacks of malaria that used to be the lot of nearly every elder who was called to labor in the Southern States? Or of

how Elder Joseph Standing made the supreme sacrifice or of the Tennessee massacre, where two missionaries,

Elders John H. Gibbs and William

S. Berry, and two converts, James R.

Hudson and Martin Condor, laid down their lives? Or of President George Albert Smith telling the

story of how the singing of the hymn "Do What Is Right"prevented mob activity in his day as a young misQuick, Easy Way to in States? the sionary Southern From

the willing labors and sacrifices of STOP SMOKING those Saints has come one of the "IT DOESN'T COST - IT PAYS"strongest missions of the Church, comfortably,Now you can easily,stop smokingthe verywithfirstno day—oreffort,

and from whose area and people, duryour money refunded. The recent medical

read about—NICOdiscovery you have

nonharmless, absolutely ing the last decade two fine stakes of HALLS REMEDY STOP, guaranteed the Church have risen. Salt Lake City, Utah toxic,sicians.nonhabitUsed successfullyforming. byEndorsedthousands.by phyAt

your druggist's or mail coupon today for about available sizes and information It was missionary labor on somefree guarantee. moneyback

one's part that first gave that priceHEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. NICOSTOP, Dept. A, Saint Helena, Calif.

IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I less gift—a testimony of the restored I

Name gospel—to us or to some member of YE KING'S REST MOTEL Please send free information and prices.

our family. That's one gift, one pos526 SOUTH 5TH STREET Address

B. Foutz, Harold session, that grows through sharing. Dr. Owner City State

H. Foutz, Edgar Manager

Lefs all be missionaries. Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

NOVEMBER 1952 859 RUBY H. MORGAN

Editor

Recipe for Happy Holidays

Iet's have fun for the holidays! Betoday and begun immediately may formed and each member assuming

ginning with nearby Thanksavoid the last minute confusion, his share of the tasks. By making a

giving, and looking toward frustration, and frantic, lastminute Christmas gift list now, also, with the

Christmas and New Year's—careful spending. help of the family, shopping may be

planning and whole family cooperaBy planning for every day to absorb easier while there is good selection tion can make it a memorable season, a little of the extra work of the spein lower priced items. There is

one of lasting enjoyment. With every cial holiday preparations, the day will still time to stitch a few fancy, frilly

member of the family sharing rearrive with an orderly, immaculate aprons or crochet attractive edges on sponsibility, mother, who has been a home; linen, china, and silver ready linen hankies or knit some mittens or

"stayat-home kitchen slave,"may to be used, and the refrigerator and socks, if you have not already done become an eager participant in the pantry bulging with tempting holiso.

holiday fun. day fare. Make a card list and arrange for

If the holiday season is to be enBegin with the family's organizing sufficient greetings before the selecjoyed to the fullest, a work plan made a schedule of the duties to be pertion is poor except in the more expensive lines. If you or a member of

your family is adept, individually created cards are always distinctive and very acceptable and can be made at a great saving to the already gestion—havepinched budget.an Justextra anotherbox or sugtwo

of cards tucked away for those last days when the postman leaves unexpected greetings. This may save

much embarrassment.

The whole family will enjoy decorating the home, both inside and out.

This should also be planned well in advance, as much of it takes time in preparation. Such a project will develop the creative ability of the family members and do much to promote

the holiday spirit.

As the dinners are so important an item for every festive occasion, let us plan our menus and prepare as much as possible before the day of serving.

—-Photo courtesy David W. Evans Adv. Agcy. By all means plan to use the food you

preserved or canned last summer, 360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA such as applesauce, apricot nectar, sweet pickles, and relishes. And plan

to use as many of the fresh vegetables and fruits in season in your locality, available at reasonable prices. Have you considered apricot nectar TASTY

or grape juice for the first course?

They are piquant when combined with tart juices, such as orange or lemon, and when served with a bit of tangy ginger ale should whet the TOASTED WHEAT appetite for the luscious feast to follow. Homecanned fruit cocktail

combined with grapes from which the seeds have been removed, and small pieces of redskinned apple GERM added, with a little lemon, has eye and taste appeal. gives a wonderful nutlike flavor

The glorified cranberry has become fare,year food round to comes and the table not only as to to this vitaminrich cereal a sauce complement the entree, but juiced for an appetizer, stewed or ground raw Here's a hearty allfamily hot wheat for the base of fruit or vegetable cereal that costs less than 14 a servsalad, ground and combined with ing! Cooks in 3 minutes! And tastes

fruits as a relish, and made into wonderful!

pudding for dessert. But that's not all! The toasted wheat

germ in Wheat Hearts supplies such "Tropical Relish"listed below is a high percentage of Thiamine (Vitamin B-l) that manyeasily prepared, and children or predoctors recommend it as baby's first cereal. It is easy to

teens could make this their contribudigest, good tasting. Eaten daily, Wheat Hearts provides

an important part of your baby's or growing child's Vitathat's B-l requirementstion to the dinner. min... and good to know.

It is also a good source of musclebuilding proteins, carboTropical Relish hydrates, food energy, other vitamins and minerals... all

necessary for normal health and body growth.

cups,4 or one pound of fresh cranberries Serve this for cereal western famous breakfast tomorrow.

1 lemon is the Remember: Hearts Wheat hot cereal wheat naturally

1 orange enriched with toasted an extra wheat added! "germ 20%

1 cup shredded or crushed pineapple 2 cups honey or raw sugar New approved silverware for little ones!

Queen Bess Pattern Spoon and Fork Starter Set only 50

Wash and sort cranberries, then grind with Wheat Hearts box top! Outstanding value.

the with orange.them lemon and Add

this offer! miss Don't wonderful Set designed experts in by pineapple, orthe sugar honey, and mix child training includes -inch tined blunt fork -inch and 4% 4%

well. Store in a covered container balance, Perfect in spoon. correct for tiny weight hands. be Can

the refrigerator until ready to serve. used by little tots or youngsters up to 6. Good and sturdy, made

This relish keeps very well for several in Tudor Plate quality by Oneida Community Silversmiths.

weeks when refrigerated in an airtight WheatSend 50Heartsand WheatStarterHeartsSet, Oaklandbox top to1, container. Calif. Other Queen Bess pattern silverware

offers on Wheat Hearts box.

Fresh Cranberry Salad

4 cups or one pound raw cranberries % cup honey 1 cup diced celery 2 cups tokay grapes with seeds removed WHEAT 1 tablespoon plain gelatin Y2 cup cold water

Soak the gelatin in cold water in thetop of a double boiler. When gelatin HEARTS

has absorbed the water, dissolve it over... and so good for youhot water. Grind the cranberries, orange, So good

and lemon, add the pineapple and honey, and mix well. Pour into indiAnotherfine product of Sperry...for 100years a leader in the West

vidual molds, a large mold, tube a 'SPERRY,""WHEAT HEARTS,"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

filled center to bemold (the with chicken salad) or a flat baking dish to Listen to Sperry Breakfast News on KSL at 7:45 a.m. Mon., Wed., and Fri.

(Continued on page 868) and the Bill Ring Show on your ABC Station at 1:00 p.m. Mon. thru Fri.

NOVEMBER 1952 861 no wonder How Can I Best you'll want Prepare For Marriage?

Silentite by Rex A. Skidmore

windows! PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

easy on your eyes Eighteenyear-old Ted dropped (required by the State of California) "What a beautiful the newspaper and exclaimed: changed their plans and did not wed.

window!"you'll say "Gee, look! More divorces than Never was there a time in which sewhen you see the marriages yesterday!"Then he rious thinking and planning about

Curtis Silentite—with

its large glass areas, thought to himself, "Getting married marriage is more needed.

its graceful design and is a risky business these days. How Many young people use only their

slender dividing bars. come so many homes are breaking hearts during courtship; they are

Silentite, Yes, availup? How can I be sure of a happy like ostriches with t'heir heads in the in able twelve sash

styles, can add a world marriage?"sand. Almost anything may happen

ofcharm to any home! Our complex way of life along with to them. It is important to use the

easy on your bills the uncertainties of this atomic age head as well as the heart in preparmake selection of a life partner and ing to sign a marriage contract that

Silentite has many is never intended to be broken. And features not in marriage difficult in many ways; for found

any other window example, the automobile, the telesince it isn't true that any Tom, Dick, including patented phone, and large public schools inor Harry can meet any Jane, Jill, or builtin weathercrease the number of acquaintances Sally, and fall in love and live hapstrips! Silentite, too, is

a wood window, and but usually decrease the number we pily in the clouds ever after, let's wood does not readily know well. Radio, TV, motion picconsider seriously some activities that

transmit heat or cold. tures, and popular magazines overhelp lead to a happy marriage.

That's Silentite why will help save on your stress "romantic bliss"and "falling The story of Dorothy and John fuel bills. And because in love at first sight."The uncermay be used to illustrate in planSilentite is prefit, it tainties of military service, families ning for marriage. As children they

costs less to install on the move, the unfriendliness of learned in their homes and in school building or rewhen large cities—these and other situaabout family values and mature livmodeling.

tions threaten successful courtship ing. In high school they studied a

easy on your temper and marriage. unit on family relations and talked

You'll be amazed at The four hundred thousand marover each lesson with their parents.

Silentite's easy operriages dissolved annually by divorce When they were in college, they atation! Here's a window that won't stick, in the United States show the need tended nearly every M Man and

bind or rattle. Silenfor better preparation for marriage. Gleaner class, the lessons being a setite has no weights, In Los Angeles County during one ries on love and marriage. Each took

pulleys (Dorothy out of order—inor cords toeveryget year, more than one thousand coupart in various activities—

way, it's a troublefree ples applied for marriage licenses and on "When to Marry"and John on window, designed for within a threeday waiting period "What is Love"), and after Mutual carefree service!

ASK FOR FREE BOOKLET

CURTISWOO DWORK IIUUTIT1the Insulated window

AT YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO.

Building Material Distributors 205 NO. 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

—Photo by Eva Luoma

OISE, TWIN fALlS, POCATiUO, IDAHO RENO, NEVADA 862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they often discussed the ideas further. John gave a short talk on

"Wise Selection of a Mate"in theopening exercise of one M. I. A. meetNEWT EDUCATIONAL!

ing; Dorothy took part in a play

written by class members to show DECORATIVE!

that "romantic love"is not the allimportant feature of successful marriage. they ideas and attitudes The

acTulhentici of the fSockied in thesegained by participating tivities gave them a better understanding of themselves, of true romance, and of happy marriage. Together they joined in ward and k MARLO

stake firesides. They invited people

who belonged to happy families to dollsCapture{7 x/2"a high),bit of whichthe pastwerewithoriginallythese miniaturecreated share personal family experiences. for collectors who appreciate the care and patience

They met with other young people required in faithfully reproducing minute details and discussed frankly their concern Pioneers.in hair coloring, eyes and clothing of our Western

about courtship and marriage. They Included with each attractively packaged doll is

attended sacrament meetings and an interesting and informative story of the charChurch conferences where they heard acter's accomplishments and adventures. To own a

MARLO doll is to possess a bit of American Herihelpful suggestions about marriage tage.

and realized that sharing spirituality A COMPLETELY NEW AND DIFFERENT is a good beginning in courtship. BRIGHAM YOUNG CHRISTMAS GIFT

with a long a For room of colonizer the Dorothy and read famous John books The good decor—for

faithfully reproduced west, the discriminating to gift cherished a child—forwestern I. A. listsfrom reading M. school shirt, and hat, bib in beaver of fine the Rockies things Authentics of vest, top black coat brocade lists. of read parts They the standLIST! trousers. THE TOPScollector and

ard works of the Church and inter- 1 doll #4.95—2 dolls 9.50—5 dolls #20.75

esting articles about marriage found in other Church publications.

They realized that parents do not know "all the answers"but have learned much about marriage first hand and are usually in a good position to help their sons and daughters think through questions, problems, and plans. When they argued because of John's inactivity in his

priesthood work, they decided to talk it over with their parents. Both sets

of parents took the same position

NARCISSA MARCUS WHITMAN SACAJAWEA CAPTAINthey didn't for MERRIWETHER decide them but WHITMAN from designed Dress DoctorMission- The LEWIS original and deerskin the longlistened brought Pioneer bonnet, ary sympathetically. who This thinkshells the with famous Lewis Of the to trimmed dress, calico and wagon

girdle. ing aloud Expedition and territory. the beaded helped is couple historito and the apron make firstOregon

for complete Moccasins frontier in Sacajawea this whomClark cal Dressed of costume their own decided costume. served Her as guide. the buckskins, leather to courageous mother decision—they

is Baptiste, Dressed fur trimfur baby, moccasins and massacre met who theirpostpone marriage. Within in tekash lea- a strapped and med inbeaded hand- a Carries hat. bravely as as she

the next two years John gradually "thefaced trail."the clangers of carvedket. wooden musto her back. therfrom costumethe clothescopied

became more active in his priesthood givenIndians.Lewis by the

quorum, at the end of which time they were married in the temple. SEND THIS COUPON TODAY! Please send the follow- a

Before their marriage, they talked Mail to: ing character dolls:

with their bishop several times. His MARLO—"Authentics611 Linden, Boise, Idaho.of the Rockies"Brigham Young

counsel to helped them look mature-.

ly and objectively at themselves and (Please print clearly. Allow 2 weeks for del.) Marcus Whitman....

marriage. Most bishops are good Iff

Name counselors because they have a perNarcissus Whitman sonal warmth and friendliness, keep Address Iff interviews confidential, and provide a Sacajawea broad spiritual base for considering City State - problems and looking at life's real Capt. Merriwether Lewis

values. Enclosed is $.. Send C.O.D...-

John and Dorothy also "sat down with themselves"and tried sincerely A free folder describing in detailcollectioneach willcharacterbe furnishedand theon request.fascinating development of the MARLO

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1952 863 How Can I Best <r;-. Prepare For Marriage?

{Concluded from preceding page) to sense their own strengths, weaknesses, and aspirations. They realized

that love true will this test. stand fOUL ODORS/

it In fact, as deepens one scrutinizes

HOWE self and prospective mate if it is real YOUR >- his inner feelings and hopes of one's

SMtLUHG love.Today John and Dorothy are hap- $Mtf pily married and are facing the

present and future with faith and confidence. To their unmarried

friends they recommend the following to help insure successful marriage:

1. Participate in appropriate classes

in Church and school.

Just pull up the wick and Wizard KEEPS 2. Read good books and articles

indoor ait sweet'n'fresh! odors n Dispels bad

attic cellar to kitchens, from laundries,—in!WICK J 3. Talkabout overcourtshipproblemsand andmarriage.plans closets, living rooms and bathrooms.

both delightful Try scents...Wizard Green

refreshing Wick's PINE SCENT Pink DEODORIZER 4. withTalk parents.to your bishop, especially and Wizard

Wick's fragrant SPRING BOUQUET. Wizard costs so as you draw near to marriage.

little you can afford to use it in every room where ONLY 5. Consider objectively your abiliodors may offend. Sold everywhere... only 394ties and those of your prospecFor Large Rooms—Big 12 oz. bottle. Only 69fi f tive mate.

Use these suggestions whenever

Make Indoor Air Smell SWEET'N'FRESH with WIZARD WICK DEODORIZERS possible. Remember, marriage is one

of the most important of life's experiences. Be prepared for it by usThe THRIFT SEASON ing your head as well as your heart.

is the best time to see

Song of Thanksgiving EUROP Visit your friends, relatives by Betty Zieve while the fares are lower.

Thelovelyone picturewho doesor singnot painta songa

FOR AMERICA'S FINEST of praise must show appreciaHIGHWAY tion of life, too.

Round trip TRANSPORTATION Beauty is an intangible word; no

steamer fares *Your local Greyhound agent—who two people will grasp its meaning

offers you expert help in planning the same. My eyes and your eyes

New York to: trips to all 48 states, Canada, and look into two different worlds, as

ENGLAND $330. and up Mexico. He'll give you complete different as we ourselves.

FRANCE $340. and up tripplanning assistance, a wide va- I have come to know happiness

GERMANY $360. and up riety of schedules to choose from, through a growing appreciation of

privileges, stopover SCANDINAVIA $380. and up explain and the beauties in life. Wherever I go, quote the lowest of all travel fares.

Round trip air fares Go by I am confident of adventure. Life

New York to: is everywhere. Life is beautiful and

London $41 7.00 strange. I have long since given up Paris $453.00 GREYHOUND the idea of trying to hide from it,

Frankfurt $494.60 for it always manages to find me.

Copenhagen $494.60 Sometimes I almost envy the inWrite, call, inforor come in for nocence of those who seem to accost. at mation and reservations no

cept life each day without question

UNIVERSAL TRAVEL SERVICE or wonder. Are there many people

Temple Square Hotel who do not become excited when

SALT LAKE CITY the strains of Wagner reach their

Phone 5-6552 ears, or cry out with joy when they 864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA awaken to see the sun in a cloudless sky? Must they find a pastime to

carry them through the endless hours of a beautiful evening?

Would they pass a forlorn old man on the street and not wonder what thoughts were in his mind, what he has seen of life, or what he has given to it?

Sometimes I envy complacency, but mostly I am thankful for my yearning for life. Dayto-day living is life; there is no substitute.

The people who belong to my life contribute in a large part to its beauty; the one who furnishes a

fresh "Good morning"every day without fail, the one with a smile that intoxicates me so that my whole face breaks into a wide grin.

Of course, she saves her brightand teeth. You can be sure of

est baby smile for you! So early, that, when you give your baby

she knows that mother means Sego Milk.

love and comfort and security. For years, doctors have recomAnd it's so easy for you to help mended Sego Milk for babies. her to have, through all her life,

the happiness and security that Sego Milk is always easy for comes from vigorous health by babies to digest. Always uniyour care in choosing for her formly rich in the food subthe food she needs to make the stances of whole milk. Always

—Photograph by Edward Zychal best of growth. as safe, in its sealed container, as

One of the things most imporif there were no harmful germ

God gave us the force of the tant, in your baby's first year, is in the world. And Sego Milk

to help ourelements us understand the kind of milk you give her. gives your baby vitamin D, the others. There is suchselves and

first of all, sunshine vitamin babies need tohappiness in awakening to the realYou want to be sure,ization that it is day. There is such that it's good milk—milk that help them build strong bones

peace in going to sleep with the will help her grow sturdy and and teeth, and to make the best sound of rain in one's ears, such strong, with fine, sound bones of growth.

quietness in walking alone at night in the snow. Thousands of babies all over the Mountain

Life cannot be beautiful without West are thriving on Sego Milk. Ask your

work. One's handiwork displays doctor about Sego Milk for your baby.

one's art.

all pursues Knowledge me. At FREE TO MOTHERS/

feeling,times thinking, trying I am 64page "Your book filled Baby"—big

it. all I liketo things: grasp Bach, with helpful information about baby

Stanislavski, Einstein, Huxley. care. Approved by a wellknown docHow many times have I loved? tor, praised by mothers everywhere.

So many times, I can never recall Beautifully illustrated. Pages for

them: a melody in music, a painting, baby's record, too! For your copy,

Winterset, Thomas Mann. Dept.write E,SegoSaltMilkLake ProductsCity, Utah.Company,

What of God? The life on

earth displays his shining armor.

We know birth, death, love, devoSego Milk Products Co., Originator of Evaporated Milk in the

tion, and sacrifice. I am thankful Mountain West

and happy. Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

NOVEMBER 1952 865 Baby's

First Shoes

by Billee Thomas Peel

Enjoy ALL THIS,

And Good Food, loo!

When you come to our house, you can be certain of having these three important things: a comfortIt! able, nicelydecorated room, Can Do

convenient access to shopping and entertainment, and some of the tastiest food you've ever eaten. Besdes

that, we do our level best to make you feel at home.

We're glad to see you and we want you to know it.

Come soon.

HOTEL

TEMPLE SQUARE Clarence L. West, Manager

../SHORTHAND

V IN 6 WEEKS Free Demonstration Famous Speedwriting system. Uses ABC's. No

signs. No symbols. No machines. Thousands

of Speedwriters in business and civil service.

New classes begin twice monthly. Day or

evening. Low cost.

affiliated with

/ R*ui*teu.

4-7791 HENAGER45 EAST BROADWAYScAoolPHONE

Write for free booklet about Speedwriting.

HENAGER SCHOOL OF BUSINESS 45 East Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send me a free copy of the Speedwriting booklet, with free sample lesson.

Name Address City Zone State

Use tracing paper over patmtfrnmrntamiE) tern pieces to avoid cutting

ALWAYSPOPS CRISP -TENDER -TASTY magazine.

tIHE CORN 866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Youthathavebabyheardkicksmanyoff mothershis shoes,say stockings, or bootees faster than she can put them on. Here is a felt For delicious

shoe pattern that baby will be more likely to outgrow than to push aside. It is generally suitable for a baby up m to eight months of age. TURKEY

*/r V The shoes are simple to make, and call for scant materials. Many mothers will tell you that they are among DRESSING

her favorite gift item for baby because these shoes stay on!

Materials

1. of felt. piece One RC*PE EASY 2. Six. buttons. small W together NV\x >rea crumbs 3. Fine matching thread for handQueen Table ked partially stitching. Yal1 asdR Z

4. Contrasting color thread for details; buttonhole stitch, blanket

stitch, and featherstitch.

1 teaSced lery Suggested Colors

1. Pink, using blue thread for details.

2. Blue,. using white thread for dedressing

tails. 3. Yellow, using brown thread for de-:*

tails. 4. Red, using white thread for details.

5. The color combinations may be (

reversed. Perhaps you have your sO

special baby colors tht would work

TA up nicely. Pf

Directions Right Shoe: IM ** &?&*-''Li''.''..-V'1 I

1. Cut one of each patterns A, B,

and C from felt.

2. Cut one pattern D on double

piece of felt, placing heavy black 7#e 2uetHt6e 6n&zd tfat't line of material. on fold

3. on piece Cut lines C and finish QUEEN OF THE TABLE

each buttonhole with buttonholestitch.

4. Sew buttons on right side of piece

D as indicated by small circles.

5. Match markings on pieces A and Only the

B; handstitch together. A VALUABLE BOOK FOR CHRISTMAS,

6. Match markings on pieces A and BIRTHDAYS, IMPORTANT OCCASIONS best olives go to

D; handstitch together. THREE TIMELY TREASURES EARLY

Strong Leon M. By 7. Match markings on pieces B and

S. L. D. Elder Seminary CALIFORNIA Box D; handstitch together.

8. Sew piece C to left side of piece 2.1. THEDISPENSATIONSLOST TEN TRIBESOF THE GOSPEL P0NCHIT0 says

D; shoe buttons on outside of 3. THE KINGDOM OF JUDAH. What happened buy EARLY

baby's foot. to the Jews after Lehi left Jerusalem until CALIFORNIA

9. Featherstitch over all seams. the coming of John the Baptist? green

anywhere $1.50—postpaid AlwaJ pimiento / 10. Blanket stitch around all unfinInsist on

copies autographed DESERET, /1 CO.—or BOOK Stuffed Early ished edges. the author, Bear directly from River City, Utah. *miCalifornia olives V

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1952 867 You Can Do It (Concluded from preceding page)

Left Shoe: Follow directions for right shoe CAN'T BE except: first step, trace pattern A on

felt with printed (right) side down, BEAT FOR A ToULY KRISP then sole of shoe will fit contour of

TZhTSNDER left foot; fourth step, sew buttons on

outer left side; eighth step, sew piece LUNCH C to right side of piece D.

BOX Recipe for Happy Holidays

(Continued from page 861) be cut in squares, or to be the bottom

CRISPY GOLDEN layer of gelatin chicken salad. (Gelatin

"xrr\ CHIPS OF CORN chicken salad recipe on page 870.)

You will undoubtedly give special attention to the fowl or roast, as it is

ALL-O-WHEAT thetables,centersalads,of everyrelishes,eye,andwithrollsthetovegeadd cereal color and nutrition.

is If you are serving poultry and are looking for a stuffing recipe, you will find the celery stuffing bland and usually 1 IssJcuUinM-. agreeable. The pineapplenut dressing

It is made from the is a little richer and more flavorful.

finest whole wheat and contains ALL the nutrition Celery Poultry Stuffing of the ENTIRE and goodness bread crumbs soft wholewheat cups 2 kernel! wheat *5% butter tablespoons 2

SERVE YOUR lots of FAMILY y2 teaspoon sage this complete Breakfast Cereal Y2 cup minced onion

Y2 teaspoon salt 1 cup celery diced (outside stalks and leaves can be used) 1 beaten egg

Mix all the ingredients together and stuff lightly into fowl. For a small turkey

; toB of eight or ten pounds, 6 cups of bread

IT'S STEEL CUT crumbs is usually sufficient. For a People keep using ALL-O-WHEAT belOO large turkey, twelve cups of bread

cause oof crumbs (3 qts.) will stuff both cavities. it protects their health and tastes mfiRCAL so good.

Ask for it at your grocers Pineapplenut Stuffing TODAY or write to nnPKins m H! if; 4 cups wholewheat bread crumbs

diced and leaves ALL-O-WHEAT y4 cup celery

OGDEN, UTAH 3/4 cup crushed pineapple meats, chopped fine walnut cup MAKERS OF KttcflGft C/ll(tfftl y2 diced apple cup y2 SUPER WAXED PAPER \y2 teaspoon salt l/4 cup butter 2 eggs beaten PIKES PEAR Melt butter, add slightly beaten eggs, remaining over mixture mix. Pour and WE OFFER... FLOUR Stuff lightly. mix and ingredients COMPLETE A

ENGRAVING SERVICE With FOUR fowl, avoiding packing dressing too

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest Extra Baking much.

Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention Advantages It seems that no Thanksgiving is complete without mincemeat pie, and

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH FLOUR LAKE SALT as just it for Christmas like MILLS many City, Utah Salt Lake St. 113 Regent 5th South 425 requires no recipe West tasty well. This

Salt Lake City, Utah cooking until it is baked in the pie or cooked on top of the stove for a few 868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA minutes. It is especially good for filled

cookies, turnovers, as well as a twocrust pie. The beauty is that it will

keep for weeks in the refrigerator, available for a spoonful or several cups.

Mincemeat 2 cups currants 2 cups raisins 1 cup chopped mixed fruit peel (orange, lemon, citron) or ]/2 cup citron, and the rind of 3 oranges and 3 lemons shredded 4 cups tart apples, cored and grated or chopped finely 2 cups beef suet ground fine 2 l/2 cups brown or raw sugar l/2 teaspoon nutmeg 1 teaspoon cinnamon l/2 teaspoon ground cloves 1 teaspoon ground ginger (if desired)

Grated rind and juice of two lemons Finds Active Dry Yeast fastest and easiest ever \y2 cups apple juice, cider, grape juice, apricot nectar, or liquid from WINS 47 COOKING AWARDS AT FAIR pickled peaches.

1 cup broken walnut meats Mrs. Obil Shattuck of Yakima, "It's always fast rising,"she says!

Combine all the ingredients and mix Wash., holds a whole basketful of "And so easy to use!"

well. Use 2 l/2 to 3 cups for a 9 inch ribbons she has won in cooking conYou can't beat this grand Drypie, depending on the depth of the pie tests—altogether Mrs. Shattuck has Yeast—it's so much more convenient

tin, and the amount of mincemeat dewon more than 400 awards. Just last than oldstyle cake yeast. Stays fresh

sired. year she took 47 prizes at the Central for months—so you can always keep

Washington Fair! a supply handy on your pantry shelf.

Like so many expert cooks, Mrs. When you bake at home, use yeast.

Shattuck gives a lot of credit to And use the best—Fleischmann's

Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. Active Dry Yeast.

ALL CONFERENCE

ADDRESSES OF GENERAL AUTHORITIES will be published ForHomea permanent residence in in the

Salt Lake City, enjoy the advantages of a location heart of town, oppositeinTemthe DECEMBER ERA ple Square, near the shopping district, plus the pleasure and comfort of a clean, wellkept hotel—all at surprisingly low rates. $50 CHRISTMAS CARDS $75

Single—$7.00 to $12.00 per week Cash! For Yourself or Organization

Double—CARDS. Up CHRISTMAS and ALLOCCASION to $10.50 \rmstrong Roberts $15.00 per

for price list and samweek Sellto today profit. Send 100% the Make UTE NEW approval. ples on your home. Pie Orange Cream Mincemeat QUALITY SALES COMPANY

OGDEN, UTAH 1 9 inch pie shell baked BOX 1344 or one graham cracker pie shell (Stock advanced to Organizations) cups of mincemeat (above recipe) NewHOTELHe v2 cup fruit juice Opposite Temple Square cup water > 1 tablespoon gelatin t? - - r

2-3 oz. package cream cheese 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice 3

2 tablespoons raw sugar or honey 119 North Main SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

y2 teaspoon grated orange rind 248 So. torn St., Salt Lak City - D*l 3-1031

y2 teaspoon grated lemon rind

fruit Simmer mincemeat and about minutes. twenty gelatin Add juice DRINK An"Fromepic poemCumorah'sof the Book of LonelyMormon, whichHill"you

soaked in cold water and mix well. will find interesting, fascinatiing and descriptive.

Chill and when nearly set pour into A delightful AWilkins.lovely gift for young and old. By Olive M.

pie shell. hot beverage for those Obtainable at Deseret Book Co., 10942 Jackson

Prepare the orange cream by creaming who don't drink coffee. Ave., Lynwood, California or through any L.D.S.

(Concluded on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS Stake Library. Price $2.50

NOVEMBER 1952 869 RECIPE FOR HAPPY HOLIDAYS

(Concluded from preceding page) Mixture 2 cheese, gradually adding the and Complete the P/2 cups freshly ground whole wheat juice the rinds. orange and honey and

Spread meringue fashion around the flour raisins or 1 lb. raisins, and 1 edge of the pie. 2 lbs. d5ankina lb. dates

"Apples red, and apples yellow, round 2 cups fruit peel mix 1 cup chopped nuts juicy, the sweet and mellow"—and ervice and

of salt teaspoon each pie itself best lends to 1 apple supreme mellow apples. If tart apples are used, cinnamon

COMMERCIAL AND SAVincrease the sweetening r/4 cup. cloves

INGS ACCOUNTS. nutmeg

Apple Pie Supreme allspice TRUST DEPARTMENT—2 teaspoons vanilla

Administrator, Acting as Combine the two mixtures, add at heat to (Bake 8 min. 450—reduce Executor, Guardian, and beaten eggs 4 350 for 60 min.)

Trustee. 3J/2 cups whole wheat flour

1 9 inch pie shell (wholewheat) 4 teaspoons double acting baking ABSTRACT DEPARTMENT. 3 cups shredded apples, fine shredder powder

cups raw sugar SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES. %

teaspoon cinnamon Stir together well, and bake in oiled Yi lined pans paper. with wax When teaspoon nutmeg All departments on ground y4

off baked, pans, remove from and tear 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind floor.

1 cup medium cream, or 1 cup evaporwax paper while still warm. Store in

ated milk plastic bags in a cool place.

SAVINGS & few grains of salt TRUST CO. Leftovers! Well, who doesn't have UTAH Bake pie shell in hot oven 450 F. for them? This chicken salad or any other

235 South Street Main solve problem. your may When the fowl, minutes. combine Meanwhile Federal Reserve Member System 8

the with gelatin cranberry combined ingredients, pour into and remaining Federal Deposit Member

Insurance Corporation pie shell and bake in a moderate oven salad, and served with a vegetable soup, 350 for 60 minutes. Serve warm with you have the main part of a meal.

your favorite cheese, whipped cream, or the orange cream cheese served with Gelatin Chicken Salad the mincemeat pie.

The holidays are not complete with- 2 cups diced chicken, or cut off the out guests who drop in and the guests bone into small pieces who are especially invited. Something 1 cup mayonnaise or salad dressing

tucked away from the family that is 1 cup finely diced celery (if you have easy to serve gives peace of mind and not used it in the cranberry salad) confidence as a hostess. Fruit cake and Y2 cup chopped parsley

cookies always fill this bill—have extra J/2 teaspoon salt

ones hidden, too, for guests of your ]/2 cup chopped almond meats teenagers! % cup chicken broth, or water and

The "boiled raisin fruit cake"is very broth, to make amount of liquid easy to make, in fact, given little supervision, a preteen child can easily mix Dissolve gelatin in part of broth and it ready for the baking pans. It is deadd to rest of broth which has been

licious when stored a week or a month heated. Add remainder of ingredients

but can be sliced twentyfour hours after and pour over gelatin salad to set. When

it is baked if desired. It is rich and set, cut into squares and serve with salad

fruity, but not too rich to serve to older dressing made of y4 cup mayonnaise children. blended with a 3 oz. package of cream

cheese, J4 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon

Boiled Raisin Fruit Cake minced onion and a dash of salt.

(Bake 3 hrs. at 350 F) When time does not permit setting a

Makes 3 large loaf cakes gelatin salad, a plain chicken salad piled

ALL CONFERENCE Mixture 1 Theseon theproportionscranberry maysaladbe used:is delicious.to each

cups 1 cup chicken, add of cutup 1 lb. Boil package raisins for 5 min. two ADDRESSES

celery, diced a few tablespoons chopped 4 cups water

OF GENERAL AUTHORITIES 2 cups raw sugar sweet pickle, l/2 cup mayonnaise, and l/2 will be published Remove from heat, and add cup nutmeats if desired.

in the 1 cup shortening Yes, let's have fun for the holidays in 2 tablespoons honey or molasses work and play together, with each memDECEMBER ERA Cool.Meanwhile, mix in a large bowl or wereber makingmade hisfor contribution.family companionshipHolidays

pan and enjoyment.

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My Palomar

(Concluded from page 806) do, with the endless march of the stars.

After leaving the group for a short time, to look and wonder at the magnitude and purpose of this great instrument, the guide, with a sense of futility prompted by the visitors'lack of technical understanding, leads to a small boxlike building where some of the photographs of the planets, nebulae, and stars are displayed.

They are arranged under glass along the walls, lighted to bring out in detail the features of the various bodies.

U"ere are pictures of the sun, moon,

Jupiter, Saturn, and the nebulae of other planetary systems. These FOR THE

look as close and clear as the house next door, but are so faraway thatdistances are told in light years inBringFAM/iythe kiddies—v/e love 'em!stead of the more common units of HOTEL UTAH

Special Menus!measure. of these suns are so Special Some China! COFFEE Prices, Special Too!faraway that if they destroyed weretomorrow, no person now living SHOP

would live long enough to know of HOTEL UTAH the incident because it would take so Max Carpenter, Manager long for the present rays of that sun See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party, Presented by Hotel Utah, Tues. & Thurs., 4:15 p.m., KSLTV

to reach the earth even traveling at the speed of light. These are real

photographs taken by the big lenses of this master -ofmaster scopes. Bytheir vividness and reality shown in FIRST in Safety

this, their original setting, the impact on the layman's imagination and In an occupation once considered more hazardous than the emotions is immediate and convincaverage, telephone people have ing, especially as the guide's understanding and patience lead into the worked long and hard to attain and great spaces with objects and dis- |QW i maintain "first position"in the field tances of the relatively and unknown beautiful universe. Under his tuteof accident prevention.

lage, and under the shadow of this Such a record is a matgreat all instrument our concepts of ter of teamwork—thetime, space, and lose their speed

meaning and are slowly replaced by a same teamwork that mental struggle for new terms, new makes your telephone eoncepts, new visions, and new horizons. service the best in the

No wonder we sometimes feel that world, perfection is relative; conceit is bigotry; and tolerance, the essence of

wisdom; that in the pulse of nature

there is evidence of God; that "As MOUNTAIN STATES TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH COMPANY

man is, God once was; and as God is,

man may become."Unbreakable... moulded

glass. to Lightlook like We have found a new basis for 3i free. noise Ecomnnn CATHEDRAL weight,

faith, a new understanding of the nomical. Standard height. CHIMES

dealer. your from Order facilities,limitations of our and U&i a new SB 167 OFFER SPECIAL $1.25 Dot todetermination ourselves humble

trial SI. for 00 lot of IllilU Mail

before a patient and tolerant Alone dozen sent post/mid.

mighty. BRASS eOODS/C0. 55 Sudbury St.. Boston 14. Mass. MA'AS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. I

NOVEMBER 1952 871 &WL I <XCii$&mxm

KOLOB STAKE MIA MAIDS ROSE TIE

"Make Your Life a Song"was the theme of the Kolob (Utah) an appropriate program at which girls of the nine Springville

Stake Mia Maid Rose Tie held in September. It featured and Mapleton wards were honored.

Saran, France Independence, Mo.

Dear Editors: Dear Editors:

T should like to express my praise and appreciation for a truly am a member in Independence Branch, Missouri. I have

* wonderful magazine. I should like also to express my thanks I taken the Era for several years. I enjoy it very much as

to Elder Doyle B. Tanner who is making it possible for me to does my daughter to whom I pass it on. I love the pioneer

receive this magazine while I am so far from home. stories and also those on genealogy.

There are only two of us Mormons, so far as we can find, I was quite thrilled when I read, "The Hearts of the Chilin all of Orleans, France, and it is inconvenient to attend dren,"by Emma Dunn King. She gave some quotations from

L.D.S. Church since the closest one is in Geneva, Switzerland, her and her husband's family history; that they went to Hartso far as we know. Therefore, we have to content ourselves ford, Conn., under Rev. Thomas Hooker in 1636. I also had

reading from The Improvement Era and the Book of Mormon a seventh greatgrandfather, Richard Britter, who went in and The Principles of the Gospel which the Church provided. that year under Hooker and was one of the first settlers. His

Both being cooks in the army and on different shifts, it is brother William, was in the same company. Then my first great-

a a Hutchinson daughter married Milton grandfather had whodifficult for Sundays. together to us be on

I the to don't Iowa. remember whether went and Ohio to those editors to the thanks and who make it possible in Our

first wife. four or daughter second wives and had by was He this magazine. receive us tofor most wonderful

two sets of children.

Yours truly, I love genealogy work.

/s/ Pfc. Joseph L. Davis and Your sister,

Pfc. Charles Henry Hayward /s/ Bertha C. Garrison

-<S>- L. D. S. GROUP MEET ON BRIDGE OF USS "SICILY'

ined in front of the bridge of the USS Sicily, an escort air- M. Abbott, 7915 Arlington Avenue, Upper Darby, Pennsyl-

'-'craft carrier, this L.D.S. group meets each Sunday morning vania; Lavon C. Stokes, aviation electronics technician third

during the ship's divine service period. The gathering is under class, 486 D Street, Idaho Falls; Joseph R. Fowler, sonarman

the direction of Lt. L. M. Abbott of Air AntiSubmarine Squadthird class, 372 E. 27th South Street, Salt Lake City; and Clarron 931, and works in coordination with Brother P. N. Hansen, ence M. Tripp airman, Wendover, Utah.

servicemen's representative of the Japanese Mission. The men Back row: Leon H. Brown, seaman, Talmage, Utah; Steve

represent both the squadron, now operating aboard, and the R. Brown, seaman, Mountain Home, Utah; Lenard F. Hale,

Sicily's crew. airman 11357 E. Emery, El Monte, California; Glen D. CampFront row, left to right: Lawrence E. Lunt, aviation metalbell, seaman, Sandy, Utah; James D. Seager gunner's mate third

smith third class, Miami, Arizona; Dale Wadsworth, aviation class, Greenriver, Utah; and Gordon D. Hagy, seaman, Goldmetalsmith third class, 526 L Street, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Lt. Lloyd bond, Virginia.

1?!:.:*;: W

.;sPs....:..::.:. y

gips**** k HH;J Iptf,-to U 1 i.tefr

lllptf baftSJ"8 "'neOce an li&ty

',,. atetetia1 A- pV | teUgi s theseW

ause tV\e tot aft*?"\u u modern VTlmbeen WVtVvas ve ose. u, and * fete

or imp BWdets aHea'/eats u (&S;;.f, VCo utM1 *?'0.5- lle?t*S*

-.-.-..:. '.

Sharing The Good Things of Life

Thanksgiving Day is our annual time for saying grace at the table of eternal goodness... thanking our

Heavenly Father for the many blessings we have received... sharing the bounties of the harvest with

family and friends... and offering a generous thought

and deed for those not as favored as we.

Insurance Company

.DaSeKAoaa David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah