IMPROVEMENT!

XJckomr

'%*..

Hj*

h55ue A FORMULA FOE HAPPINESS, President George Albert Smith; THE JERUSALEM SCROLLS, Dr. Sidney B. Sperry; PROBLEMS OF THE YOUTH OF

THE CHURCH, an Open Discussion; plus 52 pages of Church and special feature articles, stories, poetry, etc.

LL down through the ages men have applied their best knowledge of arts and crafts, their most prideful workmanship, to create magnificent church buildings.

The creators of today's churches are no exception. Artistically and spiritually conceived

designs are interpreted by master builders—using

the materials that are most appropriate to the dignity, beauty, and permanence of the Church.

Buehner cast stone beautifies many L. D. S.

buildings... from the complete "MoSai"facing of

the Idaho Falls Temple to the steeples, entrance pilAbove: Buchner ornamental cast stone is used lars, window trim, and other ornamental details of

on entrances as well as on steeple, pillars, and the new Bonneville Ward and Stake house. The

other ornamental details of the new Bonneville glistening, warm tone of the cast stone suggests

Ward and Stake house. delicate purity combined with great strength, richBelow: There are more than 40,000 Buehner ness combined with classic simplicity... it contrasts

pink lava blocks in this building. Note how pleasingly, yet blends harmoniously with other

well blocks "fit in"with other building mabuilding materials; it requires little maintenance.

terials.

Buehner blocks, too, are used in many new churches. The new Bonneville Church, for example,

contains almost 40,000 of them, used for interior walls and partitions. Low erection cost and low

maintenance, combined with fire safety, sound absorption, and insulation qualities, make these blocks ideal for fine churches.

> } For the best in architectual cast stone and concrete masonry, look to

OTTO BUEHNER & CO BUEHNER BLOCK CO

Salt Lake City vgUH By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A madenew plasticby takinginsulatora molasseslikehas been synthetic resin and heating to 350

Fahrenheit, trapping oxygen as it expands to 100 times its original volume.

HPhe top part of Mt. Everest is nearly

six miles above sea level, but it is made of limestone which was originally deposited below sea level.

npHERE are a considerable number of wellauthenticated instances of fish falling from the sky. A recent casewas in Marksville, Louisiana, Oct. 23, Wonderful for

ranging from two 1947, when fish to Fall Parties and fish to the averaging inches, anine fell 1,000 yard, an area onsquare feet School Lunches feet There were wide. or 80 75by

no strong local winds or rams in this particular case. In Essen, Germany, These are the finest Chocin 1896, frozen fish fell from the sky.

olate Drop Cookies we've ever made... the finest you

ever tasted! They're loaded

with tasteexciting chocolate drops and fresh pecan nuts, lots of eggs and pure creamery butter. Nothing but the

finest ever goes into TOWN HOUSE Chocolate Drop Cookies by Purity!

Ancient Egyptians used a simple "V* clarinet made from a hollow cane, with reed. a Apartsimilarof theinstrumentcane formingmade theby Your grocer has these

gluing two canes together is still used delicious Chocolate Drop in Egypt. The modern clarinet was Cookies in the new gleamdeveloped from the French chabeing white package—fresh

meaux, a short, cylindrical wind infrom our ovens.

strument, shaped like a jointed oboe with a bell and two keys. Adolphe Sax

straightened out this oboetype instrument in 1836 and made the clarinet into its present form. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Sdlt Lake—Phoenix

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1949 609.

Exploring the Universe (Continued from preceding page)

Professor R. George Jaap of the

Ohio State University has found that poultry of either sex and almost any age can be fattened rapidly without extra feeding by adding female sex hormones of the estrogen group to the chicken's diet.

Professor Karl von Frisch, the

German specialist on bees, has found that a bee's ability to tell other bees the direction of a new supply of food depends on the bee having a clear glimpse of the sun, or at least the sky. Other bees are told by means

of a dance in which the distance is shown by the dance pattern, and the direction by the way the bee's body is pointed most of the time.

* Outwears up to 6 oldtype balls.

T*r Official standards.

r Waterproof—scuffproof

Used by 100,000 U.S.

schools, camps, instituTn classical times in China delicate tions, playgrounds, melons were sent 2,000 miles west by road from the city of Hami in industrial teams. Chinese Turkestan as presents to the

Chinese emperor.

r Rubber covered—fabric

lined. "P\r. Bernard Gottlieb has developed a new method for reducing

tooth decay by as much as ninety percent. His method consists in sealing

off the teeth from bacteria by coating first with zinc chloride and then with potassium ferrocyanide to form a white, insoluble coating.

T"\r. James A. L. Mathers and others

in the American Heart Journal have reported tests showing that the increase in heart rate due to smoking results from the nicotine in the tobacco. Smoking cigarets with nicotine,

even oneninth that present in the average regular cigaret, causes a significant increase in heart rate. This increase is the same as that produced

by the intravenous injection of 0.6

czwneticaZ cmeicM/e/ee Saetfe/wmf milligram of nicotine alkaloid.

BASKETBALLS VOLLEYBALLS. SOFTBALLS TENNIS BALLS "Decent careful studies have revealed

that a large raindrop can change shape up to fifty times a second.

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

m why \hemihjReadirw Club OFFERS TO SEND YOU Of THESB FINE ANY TWOWITH MEMBERSHIPBOOKSrllE

CLUB FAMILY READING find to invited for the to accept family are books whole you any two GUARANTEE YES, interesting are which of worthwhile, the splendid books shown new be-—booksfounded selection Should any meet

without objectionas being and entertaining Gift low your Membership and Book disapproval, with your you return join below, Read, the club operates; may how our able! first free you Book Bonus when

within 30 daysit forafterfullyou credithave the then mail today! coupon club! Family Reading was book Club The

it. received

THE CANNON PEACE OF STORIES OF THE Funk & Wagnalls THE RUNNING

STORY GREATEST THREAD GREAT HILL OPERAS MIND COLLEGE STANDARD Mayrant By Drayton EVER TOLD Liebman By Joshua Deasy By Mary

Cross By Milton Beautiful Dinah, an DICTIONARY Oursler Fulton By consider readers lass, Irish Every meant member of your Many

A reverent and faithful family will be enchanted this wonderful new masThe book that is exciting The first basically difmarry her British "redto retelling of the everby this new kind of love terwork their finest source musiclovers from coast to ferent word guide in coat"against all opcoastl every yearsl inspiration, of Contains undereverlasting Contains new, more position her story story of but who on a man...—

1.- aria, all the the action, standing, entries. lifeof happiness and Jesus half a of Nazareth, wait than M5.000 she was had to wedding day

bringing Him and those time to realize his dream peace of mind during complete stories of sev420 big pages, measures kidnapped and taken to whose lives were enof becoming a doctor these troubled times. entytwo of the world's dVl"x 914"size. America. Her adventwined with His excitand of the splendid womMore than a million copmost famous operatic Beautifully printed on tures In that fabulous

ingly close to the modan who helped him ies. have already been dramas. 627 fascinating fine paper. A must for land make a magnifiern reader. Publisher's achieve it. Publisher's soldi Publisher's edition, factfilled pages. Pubthe home library. Pubcent story) Publisher's

edition, $2.95. edition, $3.00. $2.50. lisher's edition, 3.75. lisher's edition, $3.75 edition, $3.00.

BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT ENORMOUS SAVINGS!

FREE "BONUS"BOOKS invited are publishers MONTHEACH distributes a Reading Club The Family will believe they books submit to for free four each "Bonus"Club Book MAIL COUPON NOW! standards. Club Reading Family themeet will take. selections These books meet you

then of EditorsOur Board excellence, of selects the the high Club standards FREE BOOKS inTWO enthusiastimost it can recommendbook terest, writing superior and wholesome WITH MEMBERSHIP cally to members. These are the books subject matter—and you can build up a FAMILY READING CLUB, DEPT. 10ER

the repleasure, of purchase from pense. to books read with in be enroll The Please the me Family Reading Club andwhichread—booksevery member of your family can fine home library this way at no extra exMINEOLA, NEW YORK

I send have the books checked me as below TWO for the of my $1.89 only Club delight, with discussed and andmembered each—instead free Gift first Membership free Book and Bonus Book: retail publishers'prices regular of $2.50 pride. library with inretained your home

GREATEST EVER THE STORY TOLD H to to per cent 25 per 35 you $3.50—saves HILL CANNON in is for charge membership no There dollars. the of cent your book when And PEACE MIND OF Q cost the beyond Clubthe Reading Family free of the get value STORIES Books THE GREAT OPERAS Bonus OF you D only themselves. payof the books You DICTIONARY COLLEGE STANDARD is in, will figured actually as D save you

THE THREAD RUNNING (plus handling postage and each$1.89 D cent! as per 50 much

will of the Club's Each a review you send month me after the purchase for bookscharge) you JOIN MONEY NOWSEND NO

I reject as or forthcoming accept may selection—which will If will club believe in the review come which bookreading which a book you are 1 choose. no dues or There membership

It is finest necinstincts month. not each to of theto your I every appeal home fees—onlyfour the that of accept Club a requirement minimum

selections during coming the twelve months at only let every family, to purchase monthessary us introduce book of a your member plus each, postage and handling. $1.89 retain to year your to theonly four each sendmem- Family Reading Club by you Mr.

selections are complete, All new,bership! the of choice books of two ing you your Mrs

wellprinted and wellbound and will be described above. Just mail the coupon. Miss (Please Print)

and No.

City Zone.. State

Age,man—deliveredreadyrighttotoread,yourwithdoornoby botherthe poston shipHowever,to theas numberwe mustof limitbooksourcontractedmemberStreet

your part! for, we urge you to mail the coupon now! Occupation UnderIf 21..

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK Same price in Canada: 105 Bond St., Toronto 2

OCTOBER 1949 611 \Jctober /Mmprouementfra If HE V ICEOF T HE CHU KC H "1949

-x fiitllft::: '

NUMBER 10

dr** -X

MUTUAL QUORUMS, THE PRIESTHOOD OFFICIAL ORGAN OF AGENCIESfJOF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAYDAYINTSSAINTS OTHER TEACHERS, AND WARD MUSIC COMMITTEE,

The Editor's Page The Cover A Formula for Happiness George Albert Smith 621

Church Features An Open Discussion on the Problems of the Youth of the Church II 632

Mission to Polynesia VII Doyle L. Green 634

The Church and Modern Society—The Serious Business of Living

IX G. Homer Durham 643

Anachronisms and the Book of Mormon C. E. Moore 644

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXXIX—What is the Way to

Truth? John A. Widtsoe 649

The Church Moves On - 616 Melchizedek Priesthood 666

NoLiquor-Tobacco 667 Presiding Bishopric's Page 668

Special Features

Apron Strings Verna W. Goddard 622

The Summit Was His Goal Forace Green 624 "MormonPraedikanter".William Mulder 627

Without Benefit of Insulin Lucy G. Bloomfield, Lafayette Guymon 631

Scrolls of the Jerusalem Sensational Discovery The the monument Horizons,""New Sidney B. Sperry 636 pictured Fairbanks T. Dr. Avard by Man"Upon the Spirit Wrought Columbus—"The the imof is symbolic the cover, on

Cyril Drew Pearson 640 proved Improvement Era we offer

The Spoken Word from Temple Square... Richard L. Evans 645 you this month. The new features

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Light for Living, Edith Shepherd herein move us one step nearer our Improvement of making goal The 652;..:... 609 Harris, S. Jr.

in magazine religious best the Era Old, from Lampshades G. Atlantic Union, New Times, These was photograph. world. The 653 the Dissinger Katherine 613—Durham Homer

use to by Charles cover adapted for the Party Punch Frog, Myrtle JanSilver-eyed The—658

Jacobsen. Katherine Leaves, Preserving -614, - son

On the Bookrack -618 Dissinger 658 (See editorial, page 648.)

Family Living: Your Page and Ours 688

ProgressTo the ERA Family.;.. John A. Widtsoe 648 EditorsGeorge Albert Smith

Stories, Poetry, Frontispiece ManagingJohn A. WidtsoeEditor

Glamour>Puss Christie Lund Coles 629 Richard L. Evans

The Fort on the Firing Line—XIII.Albert R. Lyman 638 Assistant Managing Editor

Doyle L. Green Frontispiece, Grace 651 Give Me Boys, Dycus Pool, Webb Autumn

-...619 Sayre Editor Associate PenConrad the Sunset, In Plow 620 Page Poetry Josephson C. - Marba 676 dleton

Wider, ManStreams Grow The General Manager:..680 Campbell C. Passerby, Edgar 613 Carter fred A. R. Curtis Elbert

642 S. Briefly, Dewhurst H. Stillman So Grace Song, Autumn Associate Manager

- Schaffer Con684 Margaret Token, Minck

S. Reeder Bertha 647 - nelly -

Go?, Gay Summer Did Where Business Manager Nielsen Promise, Enna Harvest 686 Winquist - D. Giles....650 John James

Editorial Associates EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Elizabeth J. Moffitt

City 1, Utah Salt Street, Lake Main North 50 Jr. L. Zobell, Albert Association Improvement Mutual Men's the Inc., of Young a Corporation Funds, by Mutual 1949Copyright

in year, price, a Subscription Director $2.50 reserved. Advertising rights All Saints. Latterday of Christ Jesus of Church theof

single copy. in 25c year, advance; subscriptions, a $3.00 foreign advance; F. Scott Verl

special for at mailing matter. Acceptance secondclass as City, Utah, Salt Office, Lake Post the atEntered Representatives July Advertising 1918. authorized 2, 1917, of National October in section Act 1103, for provided of postage rate

contributions. welcomes but manuscripts, unsolicited is for responsible not Era Improvement The Francisco San S. Townsend, Edward

delivery for return. and sufficient postage by accompanied be must manuscripts All Associates, Sangston, Sadler New York &

Change of Address: Harry V. Lytle, Chicago

include ordering please address. a change, of When for change required notice days'Fifteen old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations unless the cannot changes be made Address magazine. of the issue slip from a recentaddress

J].. is included. the as new one as well address

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ATLANTIC UNION

DR. By G. HOMER DURHAM E extend

Political Science Department, Wi of Head

University of Utah our sincere

An unusual result flowing from the invite the democracies which sponsored congratulations

Atlantic Treaty the North to name efAtlantic is the North Treaty deleto the ERA Staff representing gates, principal political theirfort "Atlantic to achieve Union."An

Atlantic Union Committee for a Fedparties, to meet this year with delegates in this forward in the a States federal convention United oferal has Convention of Democracies to their explore peoples, far and how the step into color—atbeen headquarters established with peoples such other democracies as the of

537 Fifth Avenue, York, New 17, convention may invite to send delegates, thus, as usual, President York. of the ComNew

mittee is Owen J. Roberts, former asgiving their

sociate justice of the United States

Supreme Court. The two vicepresi- readers the

dents are Robert P. Patterson, former

Secretary of War, and Will L. Clayvery best.

ton, former assistant Secretary of State.

On July 26, 1949, Senator Estes We, too, have taken

Kefauver, Democrat of Tennessee, introduced a resolution in the United a great stride forward.

States Senate on behalf of eighteen senators, including Senators George, can apply among them, within the frameDuring the past months, the the United Nations, work of Gillett, Iowa;Georgia; Sparkman, principles we have been going

(Italics free, author's.) federal union. Miller, Idaho; Cain,Alabama; Washof

ington; Baldwin, Connecticut; Henthrough a period of

Atlantic already conTreaty Thedricksen, Ecton, Jersey; Montana; New it metamorphose. tains provision that a to the extent Frear, Kentucky; Delaware;Chapman,

Fulbright, Arkansas; Hill, Alabama; is hoped the pact will tend to "elimiKilgore, West Virginia; Maybank, nate conflicts in their economic policies We have moved our

collaboration encourage economic and Carolina;South McCarthy, Wisconthem."between Mr. Roberts, Mr. entire plant to new, of Minnesota;sin; Thye, and Withers

Kentucky. Patterson, Mr. Clayton, and their colcommodious quarters

evidently the opinion are of leagues resolution also introduced The was that the than a where we have installed pact expresses morethe of Represame day in the House that an effective scheme hope andsentatives Congressmen James by W. of many new pieces of

collaboration should be deof of politicalWadsworth Judd New York,

Minnesota, Boggs of Louisiana, Smathveloped. ultramodern machinery,

ers of Florida, and Davis of Tennessee. There have been many schemes for including twocolor rotary

The resolution states, world government, either on a universal or a nuclear scale, advanced in represses, automatic bindery

Whereas the parties of the North Atcent years. It would be very

lantic Treaty have declared themselves surprising if the Atlantic Union resoluequipment, new composing the freedom, to safeguard comdetermined 26, 1949, tion introduced on July equipment, etc.

of and civilizationmon heritage in majorities receive favorable their should people and whereas our federal convenboth the Senate and the House of principles these tion, 1787, out worked of Representatives. Yet the introduction We are proud in the fact

the safeguarding ofunion means as a individual liberty and common heritage of of the resolution by Senator Kefauver that with this change we the people of the thirteen sovereign states. and his eighteen colleagues symbolizes

... Now, therefore, be it resolved by the an upsurge of feeling which will have can offer you

Senate (the House of Representatives conto be considered and reckoned with in the very best in curring), that the President is requested to these times.

printing facilities.

THE STREAMS GROW WIDER Watch soon for the

By Manfred A. Carter grand opening of our

new plant.

CANNOT dream of sailing ships at sea The streams grow wider with each passing

I Because I float on streams in small day;

canoes; later the years; is more sky above There

free; is The to set noThere my spirit way

to bears from This current way me on is to this depth dark swaying noThere way ooze.

I drift heart is heavy with the weight of DESERET NEWS PRESS the winding Ways of soft tree green My waiting tide; to the paddle downstreamAnd tears. Salt Lake City, Utah

still is freedomThere some greater unseen But large ships wait on that horizon line

Some new horizon for this childish pride. And all the universe, in vast design.

OCTOBER 1949 613 Jhe Jiliuereue'd f jrvof By MYRTLE JANSON

the year 1870, Joshua King, a but they could not go faster through

INfreckledfaced lad of fifteen, was the deep sand.

prodding his hardpulling mules Finally his patience could be subthrough the hot Dixie sands and sufdued no longer. He drove into the

focating dust with his first load of sagebrush at the side of the road, unstones for the mining town of Pioche, hitched his mules and riding one bareNevada. back, trotted them into Pioche.

Joshua was thinking of the trick that had been played on Sandy Bennett, HPhere at the assay office, an excited

THIS FOLDING DOOR and wondering what would become of crowd had assembled to witness

MEANS LARGER ROOMS ahim,longfortimethe theyminershadwerecalledfurious.him a fakeFor nett.the lynchingJoshua turnedof the faintfake andassayist,sick. BenThe

Save Space hisassayist,dishonesty.and nowJoshuathey hadhad furnishedproof of ropealso aroundwas arounda largeBennett'slimb of theneck,cottonand

Make Rooms Do Double Duty them with a broken piece of sandwood tree; a box was under the limb;

Wide Variety of Colors stone; they had crushed it and had it and Bennett was being prodded to step

Easy, Trouble Free Operations assayed: two hundred ounces of silver up. A shot rang out; the command,

as advertised in to the ton when everybody knew that "Halt,"was given. Everyone was

silver could not be found in sandstone. mystified.

THE SATURDAY EVENING POST Didn't the government bulletins say so? In the commotion, the stagecoach

silver petrified that tree with had lumbered alather in, the horses For FREE Literature, And frog sheriff, streaks steaming. the petrified with and siland redheaded, The

Write or Phone ver eyes—all hooey! sixfoot-three, all muscle and brawn,

But Joshua would call at the assay stepped down. "What's going on

office as soon as he reached Pioche. here? Git the rope offen that man's ALDER'S what's up?"1343 So. Main Salt Lake "What if Bennett should be right?"he neck—quick! Now,

Phone 7-1531 asked himself, "and everyone else Confused explanations were made.

wrong? Even the scientists? Such "Trial tomorrow,"the sheriff anthings have happened."nounced.

Then he heard hoofbeats approachOn the coach with the sheriff was an fALUsFlNE ing.FinallyWasin ait cloudIndiansof onwhitethe dust,warpath?half expertthey wentassayist.over Togetherhis work.withTheyBennettex-

a dozen horsemen galloped by calling, amined the petrified wood with streaks fOV0UBVACATlONTlM "Howdy, kid; better hurry up if you of silver and the stone frog with silver

want to see the fun!"Coils of rope eyes. Joshua was allowed to listen.

were waved in the air. "Come on, Bennett,"commanded the

recognized members some Joshua of yousheriff.got"Here,that Joshua,sandstoneshowfrom;us whereI'm

vigilante committee, the and wondered shivered now. was to hang who He as goingfrog—Geeto stakeWhiz!me aNoclaim.wonderAndit thathad three of the he had he thought men

seen the year before dangling from the silver eyes; it was stuffed full of silver.

cottonwood back at the spring. He Where d it come from?"

used the whip and called to his mules, Thus began—according to history and legend—the stampede to Silver

GoGR0HOUNO Reef,ounces southernof silverUtah,werewheretaken 17,000from a single petrified tree, and where in three years, nine million ounces came Now Is the Time to Go—from sandstone despite the warning,

"Silver can't be found in sandstone."

The Cost Is Surprisingly Low!

Delightful days... crisp, cool

nights... brilliant autumnal

hues make this a grand season for vacation recreation! Greyhound will take you where you

want to go—for less cost. You'll

have extra pocketmoney for more vacation fun. Let your

Greyhound Agent help plan your trip nowl

OVER LAND

G R EYHOUNDLINES M/'/'WJ'Wi'Optratwi by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC.

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA j

Today, this condition exists in millions of Europe's homes. Your Church can help!

Millions of Europe's Kids Have Never Seen Soap!

An urgent appeal to all Americans

The desperate shortage CARE packages to Europe's ofsoap in warscarred Europe Read how you and your Church needy. For every two Swan

is threatening the health of wrappers sent in, Lever Brothmillions of helpless children.—at no extra cost—can send ers will donate a regularsize

Unless soap, get they soon they cake for of Swan Soap to CARE soap overseas through CARE for easy prey of a host will be distribution overseas through dread diseases. no extra cost to you. This is part of the Church World Service.

Your—Churchat no canextrahelpcostthroughto you CARE tributedoverall ChurchSupplies WorldCampaign.Service ConStartAsk yourcollectingfriends Swanand neighborswrapperstonow!save

Large numbers of Protestant church Here's all you do: simply get your memSwan wrappers for you. Set up a spegroups are joining up. Through a spebers and others to collect all the Swan cial collection box at your Church and

cial arrangement with CARE, Lever Soap wrappers possible. Then mailthem urge your fellow members to fill it with

Brothers Company now makes it posto Church World Service CARE Swan wrappers. Remember, for every

sible for your Church to send soap overSoap Campaign, Boston 3, Mass. two wrappers your Church sends in,

seas to the hospitals, orphanages, schools CARE is the nonprofit, governmentsome unfortunate kid in Europe will and homes where it is needed most—at approved organization which delivers know the blessing of having soap.

j MAIL COUPON TODAY FOR FREE GROUP PARTICIPATION KIT—-

i CARE Swan Soap Campaign, P.O. Box 8, Cambridge, Mass.

"YOU WANT TO GET IN ON THIS Oursend groupus FREEwantsGroupto joinKit, theincludingCARE CertificateSwan Campaign.made outPleaseto: GREAT CARS SOAP CAMPAIGN.

MAYBE IF SOME OF THAT DIRT (Name of group or club) >,.jr* IS WASHED AWAY, THERE MIGHT Also send us CARE Swan pins, one for each member.

BE A SMILE SHOWING. SO START Your name

THOSE WRAPPERS COMING!"Street:

<?fe"BOB HOPE I City. State. I L

OCTOBER 1949 615 THE CHURCH MOVES ON—a/ JJau Jo <d-)au Lkronoioau \Jf Lhurch (Lii/enh

n a President George Albert Smith was the principal

AUGUST 1949 ""speaker at the dedication of the reconstructed Menor n Orem First Ward, Orem (Utah) Stake, was Ferry, Moose, Idaho, one of the landmarks of the old * formed by a division of the Vermont Ward. Bishop west. President David O. McKay offered the dedicatory

of the new ward is Allen D. Johnson. prayer at the services.

Elder Spencer of Kimball the Council of the W.

dedicated the chapel of the j -< One hundred sixty thousand Primary children Twelve Richfield (Utah) * * celebrated the seventyfirst anniversary of the foundSecond Ward.

ng of the Primary Association. Each ward and branch An announcement was made that the general public

Primary planned a program which suited its particular would be invited to see the two Church welfare films "The organization. Lord's Way"and "Welfare in Action"which would be

s\ Mutual Improvement Association Conventions shown at the semiannual welfare meetings of the various "for the season began with a convention in the Union stakes during the next six months.

Stake at La Grande, Oregon. s\ < Glendale Park Ward, Pioneer (Salt Lake City)

Announcement was made that a microfilm camera "J- Stake, was created from portions of Poplar Grove had been set up by the Genealogical Society of the Ward. Kenneth G. Frost was named bishop of the new

hurch to film records of the Church historian's library ward.

and of the society. The Genealogical Society is currently Hollis G. Hullinger was sustained as president of the

operating twentyone microfilm cameras throughout the Roosevelt (Utah) Stake, with William Russel Todd and world, five of which are in the United States. R. V. Larson as counselors. President Ray E. Dillman is

president; retiring the retiring the Leland M. Angus, President the cornerClark, Jr., laid J. Reuben1r counselor. President succeeds himself as Todd "stone for the in Salt second chapel Branch new Mexican

Lake City, in a program which featured a short address in first counselor.

Spanish by President Antoine R. Ivins of the First Council rt / Arnold Friberg's centennial Sunday School painting

of the Seventy. ** "was unveiled. Other Sunday School features of the

-| n General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis announced day included the reactment of the first Sunday School

-*- * the appointment of Royal L. Garff and Harry Clarke class; a parade participated in by eighteen stakes of the

to the Y. M. M. I. A. general board. Salt Lake area; and a reception. August 26 is the birth

the Ballantyne, of date Richard founded Sunday who -t in for Christ a sacred America,"Witness o "A New in 9, 1849. Schools Mountains on December the Rocky Hill pageant, -*- "presented at the Cumorah. was An

estimated seventyfive thousand spectators saw it during Elder John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the

its threenight presentation. Additional thousands viewed 28 Twelve dedicated the Glenwood Spring Branch

it by television. Color movies of tableaux were made by chapel, West Colorado District. Western States Mission.

the New York State Division of Publicity. South Edgehill Ward, Hillside (Salt Lake City)

1A An institute for instructors was begun in Salt Lake Stake, was formed from the Edgehill Ward, with Douglas "City under the direction of the Church Department H. Smith as bishop.

of Education. Teachers of approximately thirtytwo thouAn unnamed ward, with Seldon N. Heaps as bishop,

sand Church youths of western United States, Canada, was created from portions of the Mountain View Ward and Mexico, heard instructions from Dr. Franklin L. West, Hillside (Salt Lake City) Stake.

Church commissioner of education, and Elders John A. Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to the Council of

Widtsoe and Henry D. Moyle of the Council of the the Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the Castlegate Ward,

Twelve in the twoday discussion. Carbon (Utah) Stake.

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Plentiful Now!

Book of Mormon—library edition $2.00

Doctrine and Covenants 1.50

Pearl of Great Price.85

L.D.S. Missionary Bible 9.25

Ready Reference, Bible Dictionary & Concordance leather, gilt edges, divinity circuit Indexed - 10.00

SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH OTHERS 2.50

Addresses of President George Albert Smith

ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE 3.50

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN PROPHET 3.25

by John Henry Evans JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET 3.25

by Preston Nibley DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH - per volume... 1.75

Volumes I, II, III BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN AND HIS WORK 2.75

by Preston Nibley A VOICE FROM THE DUST. 4.00

Illustrated Book of Mormon—Compiled by Genet B. Dee

NEW GENEALOGICAL BINDER

NEW BEAUTIFUL DURABLE CONVENIENT

OUR FAMILY THROUGH THE YEARS $2.50 DESERET BOOK44 East South Temple StreetCOMPANY

Please send me the following books advertised in the October 1949 Improvement Era:

Amount herewith Name Address

OCTOBER 1949 617 RIDE THE NEW &<Az\yCJce\ 1NTHJL JO

IN OUR IMAGE like citybred sheep dogs are surefire (Character Studies from the Old adventure. Everything about the sheep %atfk Testament. Houston Harte. Oxford camp will prove of unusual interest

University Press. 197 quarto pages. and to learn of someone who actually

32 color paintings by Gay Rowe. lives in one—that is of course of the

1949. $10.00.) greatest of interest.- M. C. J.

HP his "imposing"volume contains SCIENCE AND

SAN FRANCISCO * PORTLAND OldtwentysixTestamentthrillingtold instoriesthe wordsfrom theof RELIGION(Milton JenkinsAGREEJones. Deseret News

King James'version, with nonpertinent Press. Church Service Co., P.O.

material omitted. The result is deBox 2245, Salt Lake City.

lightful, impressive reading for young 1949. 19 pages. $.40.)

and old. The color paintings, really A faithful gospel student here disportraits, accompanying the stories are cusses the perennial question of

fine, successful attempts to have the the relationship between science and faces of the ancient heroes reflect the religion. The time, order, method, and

virility of their souls. It is a fascinatgoverning forces of creation are dising departure from traditional Bible cussed successively and intelligently.

illustrations. It would help many a student who is

This is the kind of book, which for battling with modern theories in scithe joyous welfare of the family should ence and the simple facts of the gosbe on every "parlor table,"or wherever pel. There is an interesting chart of

available things are precious made A. W. for the chronology of creation.—/. attempt excellent an the household. As

to encourage Bible reading it is most THE ART OF READABLE

A. W. WRITING welcome.—/.

luxury Here's a new, Portland Francisco andlinking San train, GREAT SALT LAKE—PAST AND New(RudolphYork.Flesch.1949. 237Harperpages.and$3.00.)Bros.,

11:15 PRESENT toin (7:45 a 15%-hour hesitates run to write of a. m. a review

Miller. 129, E. Uni- f\NE (David Annex in history 3 hours. the fastestp.m.) this by find himbook since he may Salt versity of Utah. Utah, Lake City,

self guilty of the faults that the author Now you can see virtually the en42 pages. 50 cents.)

tire Pacific Coast by Daylight. Toflays. Hwever, the book should be

HPhis wellwritten, nicely illustrated, read; the messages should be accepted;gether with our California Daylights,

is booklet beautifullyprinted and into practice. the lessons put This andthis streamliner the shows you new

tourists; for especially but designed all for has encouragement book who greatestworld's of ocean parade and

it all in also the of should hands be who oral. or written language, with deal scenery. Lassen Peak, Seemountain history, in geology, the interested are I especially editor, appreciate an As Pit River and LakeShasta Dam's lake. great saltcharged use of our and to a chapter Operate the on "How

bridge, breathtaking Sacramento Romance lingers about the Lake's Blue Pencil."As a reader you will

River Canyon, mighty Mt. Shasta, history, from prehistoric times to the appreciate the good sense and fun bestirs Mountains, the Willamsalinethe Cascade present. Its wealth the hind the book.—M. C. /. unique, offers imagination. River. Lakeette The

The Shasta Daylight's huge, "Skydelightful enjoyment. ANIMAL HIDE 6 SEEK

view"picture windows are especially Into the booklet is crowded in un- (Written and illustrated by Dahlov designed for viewing mountain scenhurried language all the major facts Ipcar. William R. Scott, Inc., New

ery. A "breathing"apparatus preabout the Lake. It is the only availYork. $1.50.)

vents fogging of the glass. All seats able popular source of information VS Tritten and drawn in vivid color by

are of soft foam rubber. Luggage is about the Lake. The booklet is Dahlov Ipcar this book will give

safely stored in baggage elevators out needed.—/. A. W. the younger set pleasure as well as

the concerning information home much doors Feathertouchof way. your PRINCE OF RANCH THE birds, of the small and habits life and close automatically. and BobbsMerrill, Burt.open New ( Olive W. woods. people which animals pages. $2.50.) 1949. 239 the York. trip to or from next your On

]. the—E. M.

Northwest, plan to ride the Shasta Another book from the industrious

Daylight. and capable Olive Woolley Burt THE FAR DISTANT BUGLE

will prove of more than the usual inter- (Loring MacKaye. Longmans, Green

est to the juvenile readers who like and Company, New York.

courage and adventure. And it would 1948. 264 pages. $2.50.)

seem strange, too, if many adults will HPhe west of a near century ago S*P not take a quick peek at the book and complete with Indians, scouts, and

The friendly decide to follow it through to the end. the army outpost of Fort Bridger—is

The experiences of Tim and his sheep the locale of this book. Joe Littlebee,

Southern Pacific 764 dog, Prince, in the high Uintas of the hero of the story, has been reared northeastern Utah with Dolph, the in his Indian household by an old scout, twentyyear-old shepherd who didn't {Continued on page 648) 618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA isr **%

—Photograph by Edward Zychal

&. We &f6 By GRACE SAYRE

world would be a lonely place %heWithout a small boy's freckled face.

It's fun to have a boy about, His throat can hold such lots of noise Wandering in—his shirttail out,

With whistle calls to other boys, Rumpled hair—and tan, deep brown.

A jacket torn, should bring a frown. And pockets full of everything,

Sometimes a frog, or apple, string.

Just give me boys about the place,

Each lacking any postured grace,

For boys are genuinely good And seldom have a company mood.

OCTOBER 1949 619 THE NAMES OF COLORS FOR WHAT THERE IS OF BEAUTY

By Elaine V. Emans By S. H. Dewhurst PARTNERSHIP

Ctrange how the names of colors can be "De glad for what there is of beauty By Ora Pate Stewart *-'* brushes anywhere field is "Phis mine God's; and

painting For scenes they are only when -* wonder And long remain; not how it may rain; the sends He words. let ride I the clods. break

scarlet to Say the me, and sumac bushes I plant the seeds heart Your he gives the me, upon wings of morning; fall appear;Of indigo, say birds and Pull it the let weeds. clear deepdyed will toAnd shawls mind; come

heights of The earthly living not be and say yellow.

fire lights a in He every swelling pod; denied sunlit daffodils roomsAnd and abound, the tend flames; green

apricots ecstasy ofAnd and peaches turning The hearing mellow. Nature's nocturne fans with them the HeI south wind. silvergray, played; Say the will steal and dusk Trims them with the sun, around it fling itself Let with the fleeing leaf away Feeds them the with moon.

I'll see Me, ladies'and old hair, the and wait. the tempestuous And know of the sweep We coats

wind, unafraid.

sguirrels grayThe in winter. wear Say season done, The All of is beauty, as time, with so very bluegreen,

will divide the yield We brief. I'll see in water, lookingAnd from down field This

boats. while stars the Now, shining, are now to Belongs and me God. the while the Pronounce of sun now name shade any between

The spectrum's red and violet: for each ear Pours down its countless blessings, or

That hears, a different picture may appear. while the rain's sweet patter

Bestirs the souls of city street and woodOCTOBER CLEANING DAY land, let none THE HARVEST Seek out its yesterday before you know it By Ella Waterbury Gardner

By Bessie Wolvington better! *1 "HE wind has swept our hilly streets

As clean as Grandma's sitting room.

T)artly because she did not wish to rob It's Friday cleaning day today * Her surplus seedlings of their chance October works with mop and broom.

to grow, She tilled a space within a vacant lot She's polished up the mirror pond

And put them there, her garden's overflow. And fluffed out cattail down,

And brushed the rubbish into piles.

Yet all the while she worked, she She works with such an anxious frown.

visualized Tall stalks of brightly gleaming red and She's hung on hillsides, in the sun, gold The rugs and drapes, a rich display.

That she would gather in the early fall She's run the sweeper on the lawn.

And carry to the "shutin"and the old. Cobwebby clouds are wiped away.

The God of nature gave abundant aid, And now before her work is done

For in his wisdom well he understood She gilds the hazy noonday sun.

That she who labored thus would in the end Of all concerned receive the greatest good.

.'..:V FERTILITY

By Evelyn Wooster Viner PIONEER POET AUTUMN QUIET Threes plume above the suckling roots

By Margery S. Stewart Solveig Paulson Russell * which, growing deep

Into the earth where unremembered peoples

Tl for pen sleep, had no time Saunders Tartha of Oilence an autumn day*"* Explore their graves with fingers strong shaken, her soul was when Or paper fragile thing, Is a kind write, jerking and to quiet place with oxenNo shattered Quickly by sentinel trail taken. a song Stand the theyAcross above the lonely bones had fluttered wing. Or a

find. they to write about, so veryThere much was

Hands, easing a soul into life, Just an acorn dropping The grass grows lush where skeleton of protesting clay. another leave helpingOr Through

the turning knifeMartha knew dry grass, tired and tall, Wasbuffalopowdered into dust these centuries to splinter Is enough

Of birth and death and love and hate, The small silence of the fall. ago.

The shrieking of the mob.

Only a wagon now for cover, eight Still would the greedy soil withhold a

Crowded within. Zion unrisen gracious yield,

From sage and sunflowers and the earth PUGET SOUND Spread burning barrenness across the

Like iron. Holy City a prison plotted field,

Of Indians and rattlesnakes and crickets. By Beulah Huish Sadleir But water gurgles down the rockribbed

But Martha saw tomorrow. mountain slopes

She had the words, never the time: *| 'he water in the sound lies deathly still. Where snow, deepbanked, renews in

A baby cried; a neighbor wept in sorrow; * No tempest seems to mar its latent form breast of man new hopes.

Children were ragged, never enough food, Where yesterday it moved in angry tone, Maneuvered into channels strange, this

A thousand tasks between the sun and No lenient aid to check its harsh soliloquy. muddy gold

sun, Will coax the unregenerate earth to have

And in between there was no interlude. Today, a mirror for a painted sky, and hold

But from her lost words rose the golden A gentle fretting seems the only urge Fertility within its bosom deep and wide—

city, To push its fingers toward a forest shore Push back the grasping, grudging sands

Born of her love, her travail, and her pity. And feel again the solidness of Earth. that cling outside.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A FORMULA FOR HAPPiNE

5u freiident Ljeorae fibeft J>mltk y. A&,i

OF our people are patbacco, not to drink tea and coffee—-and S.OME

terning after the follies of the 'world, and are all the many other things that the Lord has blinded to their danger until it is too late. counseled us for our health and happiness

Among those of our generation are many the Lord has advised these things, and we good, faithful, honorable men and women, should observe them.

Then there is another class who are devoted But when we go into the homes of many entirely to worldly ways. Amusement of Latterday Saints, we discover that, for some

every kind, and temptation of every kind, reason or other, some of them have never are thereby placed within the reach of our learned these things. I wish there were some

children, and the result may be in some cases way of instilling into the minds of old and that, if we are not careful, we will lose some young alike a greater feeling of appreciation of them. for the advice and counsel of our Heavenly

It is your duty and mine always to be Father, and a desire to benefit by it.

exemplary in our conduct, to seek to do good It ought not to be difficult for us to keep to our fellow men; to encourage not only the commandments of the Lord, because

our own children but also the children of our keeping them leads to happiness.

neighbors to works of righteousness, to honor It ought not to be difficult for husbands the Sabbath day and keep it holy, to honor and wives to love one another and be true to father and mother, and to observe the other one another, because doing so is a source commandments that our Heavenly Father of happiness.

has given to us from time to time. This is It ought not to be difficult for boys and

our privilege—and more than that, it is our girls to love their parents and honor them,

duty, because the Lord has conferred upon because that is another source of happiness.

us the priesthood and has given to us a Always being truthful is a source of knowledge that he lives. Happiness. Being honest with our neighbors

If as the head of a household I fail to inis a source of happiness. Keeping the Word

fluence the lives of my family to avoid the of Wisdom is a source of happiness. Paying

evils that afflict mankind, if by reason of him our tithes and our offerings is a source of my own carelessness or my indifference I blessing and happiness.

fail to inspire in my children faith in God, I might go on and enumerate many other surely I must know that sooner or later I things, but I may sum it all by saying: All

must repent in sorrow/ the happiness that is worthy of the name, all

If as members of the Church we fail to the real happiness there is in this world, listen to the advice and counsel of our comes from living in accordance with the

Heavenly Father, we will not gain but we commandments of God—whether men know

will lose our blessings. it or not.

You know it is such a little thing someAnd the only thing for us to do, if we times that misleads us. I have thought, as want to be happy, is to live righteous lives;

I travel among our people who have been and if we will do that, the Lord will see advised not to drink liquor, not to use tothat we are made happy.

OCTOBER 1949 621 MotherDaughter Relationship

What is the truth about motherdaughter relationship? You remember when your daughter was first

placed in your arms, a tiny bundle, not looking like much of anything to anyone but you; how your heart

swelled almost to bursting as you nestled her close and peered into her tiny face. Your own baby, here

in your arms, safe and whole. You

could visualize her growing up through babyhood, childhood, into her teens and young adulthood.

Why, one day she would be a woman, a lovely, beautiful woman, good, talented, and charming. You

could hardly wait. How you

dreamed of the things you would do for her and of what she might become!

Fervently you prayed your dreams would come true.

—Religious News Service Photo Maybe now, at this moment, she

[ellow"mothers of 1949, "F businesshow are ofwemotherhood?doing in Arethis

we measuring up to the womenin other generations who were Apron Strings "great"mothers? The pattern of the

Latterday Saint woman is one of achievement in whatever she undertakes to do. So, how do we rate? "A world full of good mothers would be a world

full of peace, harmony, goodness, and joy."

How Important Is Motherhood?

When the experiences of life are called into account and are evaluUema \AJ. \Joddardated and rated as to importance, the &

supremely important and fundamental one of all where a woman is concerned is that of being a come confused by idle chatter and mother. vain ambition, and they have been

Rightly practised, motherhood deceived about what is vital to their would solve many of the problems lasting happiness.

of the race; and a world full of The women of our Church know

good mothers would be a world full the importance and joy of motherof peace, harmony, goodness, and hood. They have been taught and

joy. For her nothing else in the have observed that the home is the

world, not great works of art, literagreatest institution in the world, that ture, or science, worldly acclaim in father and mother have the greatest any chosen profession or vocation, partnership. He is the head, she

compares with her job, the bearing the queen of the home. Her reand rearing of children. sponsibility as mother in the home

Some women among us do not with the children, as their teacher see it that way; with them, motherand exemplar, is of utmost imporhood has fallen into disrepute. Such tance. True, it is in large measure

women would put it far down the that "the mother in her office holds list of blessings and privileges. the key of the soul, and she it is

They would rank money, posseswho stamps the coin of character."

sions, travel, beautiful clothes, This is a beautiful tribute to the jewelry, servants, and other luxuries power of a good mother's influence first because their minds have bein the life of her child. Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is a vivacious youngster of ten or She and her brothers and sisters the point clear that we argue points, twelve years or she is in her teens, will come to appreciate their home ideas, not persons or personalities.

a constant challenge in thought, as a real institution of learning. Because a girl's brother does not

word, and deed. If she is around Someone said, "Home is the cradle agree with her on a particular subtwenty, you already see in her of democracy, or democracy in ject is no reason for an emotional

the fulfilment of some of your miniature."It is here that children upset or feeling that he doesn't like

be openminded should She too are recher. earliest years from their just not as youdreams. Maybe

after all it eidence; new as contributand accept welcomed ognized and exhibited has she becausedreamed,

capacities of which you little knew. ing members. Congenial home life may be only a matter of opinion and

Whatever her age she is your dotdemands sympathy with and ineither or both could be right. If,

ing daughter, and you are her eager sight into the feelings of others. however, it should be a question of

mother. Successful living is more a matter right or wrong, you and father may

The most important things in the of feelings and attitudes than of have the answer. Would the enrworld are those that go on in the techniques. Observation and discustire family profit by listening in

institution of the home. It is in your sion where the views of each are then save further discussion for the

home she should learn the eternal respectfully listened to and connext home night. Should need of a

verities. It is there she should desidered is a good family pattern and decision be urgent, call a family

velop sterling character. This girl will accomplish mutual understandcouncil and in a friendly, businessis your treasure. You knew her in ing. like manner, with father and mother

the preexistent life. Perhaps you It is perhaps not the total absence as arbiters arrive at the truth. This

stood with her in the council in of conflict but the wholesome soluis ideal training for conduct in fuheaven and pledged love and astion of conflict that makes for ture church or business operations.

sistance to her in this earthlife growth both in the individual and It is also ideal for teaching family experience. Do not fail her now. the home. A rule might be made in loyalty and solidarity. To know

You are her source of inspiration. every home against any member that one may express opinions freely

The Lord expects you to teach "popping off"with rash statements. or ask any question however silly

her his revealed word, to implant It does seem that "some people set it may seem to others, without being faith and obedience deeply within their tongues going and go off and ridiculed, creates a deep loyalty to her heart. You may not leave her leave them."Why not establish the those who so respect you. This same

training entirely to teachers in attitude that everyone may speak loyalty prompts the members of the school and church. They will assist, freely but that there must be evifamily to keep these differences or

but you are her teacher, her exdence of thought behind every disagreements sacred within the emplar, her strength. statement? Mother, can you make (Continued on page 680)

—Photograph by Pinney of Monkmeyer

The great outof-doors is constantly inviting us to enjoy its beauties...

OCTOBER 1949 623 Don Lee with Mamma Rose (Anna Rosenkilde) from whom he receives continual inspiration.

For Scout Don Lee "second bests"were not good enough.

Handicaps beset him, and it was the hardest thing he ever did, but

The SUMMIT was his goal

jrorace Ljreen &

as a there taken was Don when in Mill CanCreek First miles for the fourteen Tracy WigwamHiking interest personal a She took baby. they officials told him isn't yon. Class requirement Camp much

more than an average event for would help him all they could but in him. Along with the hospital

most Scouts. For a boy without that he must walk every step of the nurses, she taught him how to talk,

legs, it is something else again. For way. A junior staff member was how to take care of himself, and

Don Lee, it was the hardest thing with him. how to walk on manmade legs. She

he ever did. It was also a demonThey headed down the canyon. became a mother to him, and when

she took Don with her.stration of the spirit of scouting At first it wasn't bad—even fun. He she re -lea

that this young man without legs felt fine. He was happy because It was Mamma Rose who was behas caught. by the end of the next day he would

On October 26, Don will receive have passed the one test along the his Eagle badge, highest award in Eagle Trail that would be hardest scouting, at a court of honor to be for him.

held by the Riverside District in For a couple of miles Don did a

Salt Lake City. It has been a long, lot of remembering. He couldn't

hard, but happy trail. He has at recall when he had legs. He never

last reached the summit he set out had walked on them except maybe for that summer day when his imwhen someone was holding onto his mediate objective was fourteen hand. He was only nine months

miles. old when he had lost them at the

"Why not become an Achieveknees in a fire. He had been taken

ment Scout?"his friends asked to the Primary Hospital in Salt Lake

many times. "You just need to pass City. It had become his home.

the Second and First class tests These artificial legs had been prothat do not require hard physical vided him by the pennies contriactivity and then earn all the merit buted by children from all over the badges you can."Church. They had made it posBut second bests are not good sible for him to live, to be loved, to

enough for Don. So on a sunny become a good Scout.

morning in August, 1944, he started Anna Rosenkilde was superDon Lee pursuing his favorite hobby, swimming.

out. He had been camping at the intendent of the Primary Hospital

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hind him now, hiking in his every thought along that asphalt Scouting trail.

Rattlesnake Hill was the first real test of the hiker's skill. Cars don't

go up this hill in high. And wooden

legs have a peculiar habit of wanting to get out of control when you're not on level ground. But a

stout heart can command even wooden legs. So they went down

Rattlesnake Hill. That rock bridge

at the bottom surely was a welcome sight. He could not only sit on it

and rest, but he could also lean on it while he walked a few feet of those fourteen miles.

Funny what a boy thinks about when he has nothing to do but sit and think-—and walk and think.Take rattlesnakes—moving quickly

to get out of their way is difficult for someone without his own legs, but that doesn't matter. A rattlesnake could strike a dozen times

and wouldn't hurt that wood and metal one bit. Still, a rattler gives

a boy that chilled feeling when it sounds off, even if it can't do him is. any harm—on the legs that

There were more hills between him and the mouth of the canyon.

But he took them in artificial stride.

At the crossroad he turned north Another of Don's hobbies is photography along Wasatch Boulevard. There

was a hill to go up before he would be where he could look out over the valley. It was here that he realized

how really tired he was getting.

Here the thought of quitting and trying some other day started keeping time with his pounding heart.

It wasn't only a matter of being tired, it was a matter of being sore.

Those leg stubs never had healed entirely. Several times he had been

back to the hospital to have new skin grafted on them. No one

thought he would make it anyway.

So it would be the natural thing to let his companion go back for the car. But that First Class badge

shone bright. And the Eagle was

calling.

When he passed the reservoir near Parley's Canyon, it was swimming that kept him going. "Wish

this were a fourteenmile swim,"he mused. "It would be easier."

Don had been given a life member- (Concluded on following page)

Gary Archibald, second class Scout from Magna,

Utah, lost his legs this summer in a boating accident on Bear Lake. Here Don assures him that

advancing from Second Class to Eagle is not only possible but fun. 625 1949 OCTOBER

THE SUMMIT WAS HIS GOAl (Concluded from preceding page) the bridge. The Wigwam director Class rank to know that he could

ship to the Deseret Gym. The late had brought their sleeping bags and soon enter the field of merit badges.

Charles Welch saw in this boy a dinner. Don turned in early. Never The five needed for the Star rank

maintained—thatchance to prove whatswimminghe hadwasalwaysour thosebefore strapshad heundone.been so Ofgladfourteento get wouldor threecomesticklerseasy. forTherea boywerewithtwo

best physical recreation, especially miles, he had hiked about eight that out legs in the Life requirements.

for the handicapped. day, with the six hard onesleft. And there were some real obstacles

So Don had learned to swim, and But he was thankful. in the Eagle group.

swim well. It wasn't long after his That merit badge in physical

hike that he won the swimming Cleeping under the stars helps a development was going to be a merit badge. Soon he had the merit boy obey the twelfth law: "A humdinger. He would have to

badge in life saving. But that Scout is reverent."Don had aldemonstrate reasonable efficiency in

wasn't enough. He went on to get ways been taught the ways of the two outdoor sports requiring physithe Red Cross Junior Life Saving Church. He had been a good Prical development and pass three

certificate. mary member. He now held the tests according to his weight in the

Towing a person his own weight Aaronic Priesthood. The Lord had athletics merit badge. Well, maybe,

in the water would seem to be a blessed him with a good voice, and counting swimming.

problem for a boy who has only even though a boy he sang in the Don didn't know it then, but the stubs for legs. But Don has deward choir. He appreciated his physical development merit badge

veloped a tow all his own. To keep blessings and stayed awake long along with those in pathfinding,

both arms free for power, he places enough to say so. But he didn't pioneering, cooking, civics, and

the patients head between his knees count many stars after his prayers. others were to win for him a new

and uses the back stroke. Sleep is a wonderful thing. You rifle with a telescope sight as a

Thinking about the one physical wake refreshed. But when you nevprize in an advancement contest

activity he thoroughly enjoyed er walked so far before, you also conducted by the Riverside District.

helped to pass the time. But camp wake stiff and sore. It takes a Among 170 Scouts in the eight

officials had told him he had to little more time to get back on your troops in his stake, he "walked off""walk every step of the way."So he pins. But breakfast helps. Wherewith first place.

couldn't swim. Walking by this as the night before Don was not so The real test of courage and

time had become a real task. But he sure he could go on, this morning stamina came after Don had passed

kept at it and in time reached he was ready to try it again. the powerhouse and started up the

the big bridge over the gulch From the bridge to the mouth of canyon. Every step was an effort;

at the mouth of Parley's CanMill Creek Canyon, Don thought a every hill was a mountain; every

a mile; every mile, a lifeyon. When Don looked down lot about advancement. He was bend was

onto the floor of the canyon from getting near enough to his First time.

the bridge he wished he had his There wasn't much thinking or camera. Taking pictures was one remembering or planning going on

of his several hobbies. He had develinside the Scout during those last

oped films and printed pictures. five miles. There was only walkThe photography merit badge would ing. "I would have quit a thousand

be one of the first he would get. times,"Don said, "if it hadn't been

But fourteen miles was a long way for the encouragement I received to push two wooden legs. They from my buddy and my desire to

were heavy enough without any pass the test."

extra weight. So he had to carry

the pictures in his memory. The thrill that came to Don as he

At the highway Don and his walked up to the Wigwam that buddy turned west. They had beafternoon comes only to those few

come real friends by this time. Every who achieve the impossible. Leaders

time the hiker suggested quitting, expected him back yesterday. Buthis companion told him they were he was here today—and on his own

too far along now to stop. two legs. He was First Class.

"Wouldn't they soon be half way?"That thrill will come again to

he encouraged. 4 Don. It will come because he

And it was true. Just a mile or wasn't satisfied to become an

so down the road was Suicide Cliff. Achievement Scout. It will come

This was the halfway mark. Here because without legs he learned to

they could turn around and start hike, to swim, to win contests—to

back. They didn't talk about the be a good Scout.

fact that they still had the uphill It will come on October 26, when half to go. Mamma Rose pins a badge on her

By nightfall they were back aj; adopted son Don Lee, Eagle Scout.

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i—Photograph, courtesy William Mulder

"MormonPraedikanter"s,. the dtom or a palntma

By WILLIAM MULDER ONyouAN Augustfind yourselfafternoonin inCopen1948 pacedprecioussightseeingtime snatchedtour fromof Scandi-a madhagen's Kongelige Bibliotek, navia.

the great royal library, whose endYou hear Henningsen in one of Throughout the Danish countryside Mormon less shelves have been affording his many brighteyed moments ask missionaries... erected passedby fiercemanyVikingssuch monumentsin honor of aschiefsthis

you a kind of field day in your eagerly if you have seen the "Mor- "Allfather"who fought andvaliantlyThor, forthetheirThunderer,belief in Odin, the are up to your ears mon painting"in Statens Museumresearch—you

in Danish emigration literature, parfor Kunst, the State Art Museum. a copy of Andrew Jenson's Scan"

ticularly Mormon and antiMormon You are in the reading room of the dinavian jubilee Album, published accounts, and at your elbow is library where even a rustling page in 1900, you noticed that a reproHenning Henningsen, young lecstartles preoccupied scholars; so you duction of the painting had been

turer and archivist from the library's answer in a whisper, but inwardly used as a frontispiece; you had used

Danish Folklore Collection, who has you are so excited you want to it, in fact, just last year to illustrate dropped his own work to help you. whoop. The original of the so- a graduate history paper on MorIt isn't every day that he can talk called "Mormon painting"is the mon migration from Scandinavia

with a Mormon from Utah. He is one thing in Copenhagen you written for one of Harvard's

full of suggestions concerning likely wanted especially to see; years ago eminent professors. Yes, you want

places to look for material bearing you had seen a print of it on the to see that painting!

on your subject, and then, by means walls of mission headquarters in And then Henningsen clouds of personal forays into the stacks, Rotterdam; only two summers ago over with the recollection that the

he cuts through red tape to get you when generous Hugo D. E. Peterpainting is probably in storage,what you want on short notice—beson at the Church Historian's Ofalong with the rest of the museum's

cause you have only a few days, fice in Salt Lake City had given you {Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1949 627 (Continued preceding from page) the strength of rough- "MORMONPRAEDIKANTER"cleanness, exhibit, regular to for a make way supports, hewn ceiling beams and current display of modern art. But the cleanness of whitewashed walls

your good Friday the man gets on elemental sturdiness that you it, phone, and before you know he—ansense in the people themselves. The

has arranged an appointment for interior seems so convincing in its you with Inspector Erik Zahle, details that your nostrils pricklemuseum director. You'll get a prifrom the pungent odor of fresh

vate showing! Henningsen inks an shavings scattered on the floor;

pocket on your map of Copen-X your hand feels the warmth of the tells hagen, be sure you to to take summer sun pouring in through the tram number ten, and heads you cobwebbed casement window and in the right direction.

flooding the workbench still littered At the museum, having followed with the dishes of the mellemmadwinding graveled walks lined with MR. MULDER

clipped hedges and ornamental EDITOR'S NOTE or noon meal as they stand congenially side side the with by William Mulder, a member now statuary, having the and run gantthe of University of faculty, tools. Utah follow carpenter's the You let of uniformed attendants, is you a former associate editor of The silver the butlight as it winks on

in Improvement Era. Holland, Born find last at yourself in the director's

office. He greets you cordially, puts histo NewconvertJerseyparentswhen Billemigratedwas fivefirst thetons oldandpeasant'sbrings out"townthe colorsclothes,"of

toa catalogue Salt at and books six and City some years your Lake finally rest to comes upon the and later. In the 'thirties filled middle hedisposal, looks professionally to the

girl. his to blind of mission a face the turned land, native and

lighting, leading and, to the you II in S. the World him saw U. War light, the linger With you on that Last six Navy. year he offar one of was the end discreetly room,

leaves you to view the object of winnerscontest sponsoredof an internationalby the Swedishessay izeface,thaton whatall thegivesfaces,thisforgenreyou realpic- sentimental pilgrimage.your In one lines in American steamship conneclife ture the wealth of beyond tion the with centennial of Swedish thoseof sudden, unaccountable asis its detail authentic revelation of emigration the States. to United Hissociations you recall at this moment tour a award of was Scandinavia, character. light as leads you, The

how once in Amsterdam you sat and this is a report on a part of it. the artist intended, to the group of

overwhelmed before Rembrandt's "The Night Watch,"a canvas so central interest, those listening to the elder in homespun, who uses onesplendid a great hall in the Rijks logue and thumb quickly to the of the carpenter's rests as a makesolely to its devoted entry for Exhibit No. 143 to learnmuseum was

shift pulpit. the of Every member

exhibition. its casual, In more: temporary

is missionary's intimate audience an in their Mormons Twosetting, wandering the painting have before you now creation: the intense and individual to a carpenter's come cottage in the countryseems small smalland insignificant,

with his old heavy by preaching hand and man by citing of some it.er than had imagined you But where the scriptures of their sect they to seek stoutly knuckled his cane, around

feel that visitors mustyou somehow adherents. win Christen new Dalsgaard, in figure resolute the a experience

it; its title 1856.unfailingly before pause

is no less arresting than its color The official description, in true of his years, not easily persuaded;

and realism. "Mormonpraedi catalogue fashion, furnishes the the blind girl, her whole body taut

and listening, drinking in the visionkanter, 1856"reads the little brass exact measurements of the painting elder's of the zealous glowing words 110.5 the frame: bynameplate—79 on Mormon centimenters—and as drinks in she the sunlight; behind

in 1871 adds that to thepreachers. turn catait was received as You

a gift from Selskabet [or Nordisk the workbench, the carpenter himKunst, the Society for Nordic Art. self, solid and confident, a barely

perceptible smile playing upon his

Your curiosity aroused rather lips as he glances through a tract, than satisfied, you send your eyes perhaps mentally framing a rebuttal;

back to the painting itself for the and, not to be overlooked, the awed long look that discovers more and little girl balancing on one foot more as details of scene and charunder the bench. You see another

acterization unfold, and the Danish curious but bashful member of the household lives again a particular household outside at the window, a moment in history. face half wonder, half fear—for

All the materials of the daily life there have been stories about these of a Danish country carpenter are Mormons.

there as they were nearly a hunYou pause a moment to examine dred years ago, from the latchstring the leaflet sticking out from the upon the inner door to the giant woodturned hat of the seated farmer, en mallet leaning against the ladder. and, no mistaking it, you discover

The scene breathes strength and a copy of En Sandheds Rost, "A

Fundamentally a happy people, many Danes swung Voice of Truth/'which you redour "Pietism"to a from more selfsearching away religious of thinking appraisal when Erastus Snow member was the first tract the 32in Scandinavia. opened the mission Dalsgaard,

the painter, sensed this and immortalized it in yearold Erastus Snow published his famous painting. [Continued on page 671)

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NO ONE COULD SEND ON A HARMONICA LIKE

HE COULD, AND HER VOICE WASN'T BAD TONIGHT. NOT BAD AT ALL

hazardly on her face, (can't tell, it might help, ) and began running the water for her bath. As she reached LAMOURPUSS up to pull the shade, who should

she see crossing the lawn but the ed blonde goddess herself. Stel, in the

flesh. She wore a white brushed

pinched Jean liked her because she had wool sweater and a red skirt. It herself—gently—asJean she remembered that Howdy always sort of worshiped beauty. would have flattered any blonde,

perwas really taking her to the Having so little of the thing called but on her it was perfect-—but

steakfry tonight following the "glamour"herself she sat up and fect!

painting of the U over on Wolf took notice when she saw it in Jean sighed, ready to turn away mountain. others. when she noticed that the other

She glowed, remembering that And when you saw Stel you girl had stopped and was waiting they had done all right as Daisy really saw it. She was tall, and for someone. It didn't take long to

Mae and LiF Abner Friday night at blonde as platinum, her eyes were see who that someone was: Howdy

the school barn dance. The crowd like sapphires, and her teeth.,.... his red curls tangled on his

said their clowning had stolen the well, Jean could go on and fill a forehead the way she loved them, show. And he must have enjoyed jeweler's window with her adjechis face all smiles. They talked a

it or he wouldn't have asked to tives. few moments then she nodded, smiltake her tonight. As she shipped her shower cap ingly, and started toward her section

Oh, she knew he had been giving over her curls, she glanced in the of the dorm. He came on toward

Stel the fiftyyard chase all winter, mirror. "No one will ever pen a Jean. Golly, could it be time for

but what she didn't know was what sonnet to you, sister,"she assured him to be calling for her? He had his

had split them up. Stel was one of herself, noting the small, brown H sweater on and was carrying his

her best friends, but she just didn't pointed face with freckles dotting leather jacket. So, could be!

give with confidences. In fact, she the end of her nose. She had been The thought hit her that maybe

didn't give. Period. Maybe that called 'cute'plenty of times; in fact, this was all planned. Stel had gone

was why she, Jean, was about her it was getting tiresome. into one of her usual tantrums, given

only friend, that is. She dabbed some cold cream hap- (Continued on following page) friend—girl

OCTOBER 1949 629 GLAMOIRPUSS (Continued from preceding page) you'll do O.K. And just a tip, I like Stel smiled her slow, deliberate

Howdy her offended act. Howdy mine well done... so it won't smile, looked at Howdy as she said,

had asked Jean for the date last beller.""Do hope I didn't keep you

week to get near her friend. Stel She laughed gaily and turned towaiting."

hadn't been there, so he had made ward the door. He put his hand on "Not at all,"he assured her in an

the most of a bad bargain and, still her arm, detaining her as he said, unnatural voice, rushing to open hoping, had asked for the date to- "Jean... I hope... that is, I know the door, looking as though he were

night. It was as clear as a rainy you won't mind, but Stel was tellawed by her presence. He certainly

day. And she'd been the fall guy. ing me she wasn't going with anywasn't awed by one named Jean.

Well, he had asked her for the one in particular, and I asked her He looked down at her to remark, date, and he was stuck with her. to trail along with us. She's such "Get moving, keed,"and they

She would have tonight. After that, a good friend of yours...."passed through the door out into

he could have Stel with her compli- A friend of hers... oh, yes. the fresh spring night.

ments. She was too good a sport Where've I seen you before? Well, Stel clung to Howdy's arm on the

to let it throw her.... It's been fun many a woman had danced with climb, got out of breath, and grumknowing you... all that sort of tears in her eyes... or laughed bled that it was perfectly absurd to

thing.... to hide a broken heart. She could, come this far to paint the U when

She brushed a drop of water from too. No one could say Jean Brooks they could hire someone to do it for

her cheek. The next drop fell on had held up the show by a siege little or nothing. It was the first time

her lips. It was salty! Golly, of selfpity. No, she didn't mind, Jean had ever heard him speak up,

if she only didn't like the lug MUCH. but she certainly didn't blame him.

so much. And if she just hadn't "Swell,"she heard herself sayIt must have got under his nails

been so silly to dream that he ing, not meeting his eyes, "Shall we the same as it did hers. He said,

might take her to the prom. That go after her?""Saay, listen, this isn't a job for

was really getting into Stel's "No, she said she would get her professionals. This is tradition.

territory ( she already had a ravishcoat and meet us here."Good old Umutello High."

ing white formal). A goon like They were about to sit down She pouted prettily, "Well, at

herself was okay at a barn dance or when she saw Stel coming toward least we could drive up."

a mountain hike, but for a prom the them, a snazzy coat thrown over "Aw, this is good for the figure,"lads wanted someone really her broad shoulders, a red kerchief Jean assured her.

smooth. They wanted a glamourtied about her blonde curls. Jean Mistaking it for a personal jibe,

puss. looked at her and felt about the size Stel came back tartly, "There's

When Jean walked into the living of a very unimportant minute. Yet, nothing especially wrong with my

room which was pretty nearly filled her admiration for the girl was real, figure."

to overflowing with kids on their and she couldn't resist saying, "Hi, "Not especially,"Howdy kidded, way to the party, her heart did a beautiful."(Continued on page 677)

flipflop as she saw Howdy sitting on the edge of a chair twirling the keys to his jalopy. She wished

again that she didn't like him so much. "Hi,"he greeted her, "How's chicken little?"

"Hi, yourself,"she answered brightly, "And I'm not so little.

Remember good things are done up in small packages—strychnine,

dynamite..."

"Now, don't tell me you're bottled

T.N.T.""Well, you can't rightly tell,"'she assured him, crinkling her nose at him. Then, feeling that they

ought to be making tracks for the party, she suggested, "I guess the

U will know it's been painted when we get through."

"What do you mean, 'we'?"he

asked quizzically, "That's a job for dependable, muscular males."

"And unglamourized gals,"she was about to add but thought better of it.

He said, "If you sear the steaks, 630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WITHOUT Benefit INSULIN q / have changed no names, dates* SUBMITTED BY Phebe could not keep from crying places in this little story of early to herself on the way home. She

days. Why change a true story? cLuch Lj. (J-SloomHeld tried not to let Heber see her tears,

Sometimes it is good for us to From the Journal of Her Father but he is a smart little man and realize we do not have a corner on knows something is pretty wrong.

trouble, and to try and count our I had to go behind the wagon and blessings by comparing conditions cLarauette Cjuumon get a grip on my feelings or I would now with those of the meager days have cried myself.

of long ago. Oh, this is a bitter pill. The only

I have relived many times the comfort I can find is that his mother tragedy of events recorded in my and little Mary will be over there father's little journal, and finally to welcome him.

decided that I have no right keeping

November 9ththis story to myself when it might trip his after so tired Heber wasbe the means of helping others to

I that all day. he slept called most

appreciate the blessings of medical science. Jimmie, Annie, and Enoch out in

When I look at my sister Anniet the shed and told them. They all

cried hard. awful Jimmie Even who seventynine age, yearsnow who of

is to in told deaf. the had be Hehas diabetes with afflicted been to of things buying to do town some sign that language he and Phebe yearsthese leads yet and a many pretty needed. a had They we talk. I told to cry them it out so

I truly life,normal, thank"happy am little time. a seemed good Heber to they cry before not have would

ful for insulin. better, but maybe it was just the Heber. Poor children, they hate

So much by way of introduction. excitement. He moaned in his sleep to part with their little brother.

is just the story asHere Father nearly all night. Guess he got too afraid beknows Heber I am

little in that journalwrote it down tired. cause holding him I caught his hand

in 1884 and 1885. Phebe and I have decided to take up to a sunbeam that was coming

to see him to Doctor Durango Winin the wall, through a crack and he

IMancos, Colorado, Sept. 30, 1884. ters. met him once, and he seemed said, pretty pale, it looks "Pa,

believe I'll try and keep a jourlike a good doctor. Everybody says don't it?"but he sure is a brave litnal. Wish I'd kept one for he is the best doctor in this part of tle fellow.

I many years past, but now I'll the country.

try and record things as they hapGeorge Bauer, the banker and November 30th pen to us. storekeeper in Mancos town, offer- I been so busy hauling my wheat

My little Heber boy who is eleven ed to loan me his buggy to take to Durango and getting our winter's years old does not act right. Phebe Heber in, but I hate to take favors flour and digging the potatoes that

noticed it first. He eats well but and be beholden to folks. Phebe I have not found time to write.

acts so tired and, after I notice, he has fixed her feather bed in the I don't like the way things are is pale. wagon so Heber can lay down most going with Heber. He just gets

I set him to gathering a few rows of the time. worse all the time. He lays on

of beans this morning. In about an There just couldn't be no better the bed most of the day. We try

hour I found him asleep in one of stepmother than Phebe is to my to get him everything he wants. He

the rows. I said, "Well, Heber, are children. eats pretty good but everything

you going to get lazy and leave We have to take baby Lucy beturns to sugar. We borrowed a

everything for pa to do?"I was cause she is nursing. Heber loves doctor book from Aunt Hanna Perso sorry soon as I had said it and her as much as if she was his own kins, and it says not to give them

asked him to forgive me and told sister. anything sweet, but it is pretty hard

him to go on in the house and lay when he begs for a stick of pepper8th November mint candy. just looked sad the bed. andon He told us I What Doctor Winters all "It's right Pa, Isaid, guess

10th said, December feared. worse than we Heam lazy, only I feel so tired all the is

I today and to could lie you The boys went hunting "Mr. Guymon,time."He didn't get up any more and go on doctoring your little boy killed a little deer so Heber could

all day. and run you up a big doctor bill, have venison soup. He is mighty

October 5th, 1884. but I just won't doctor that way, good and never complains but gets

I just can't seem to find time to I've got to tell you the truth. Your pretty hungry for something sweet.

write in my journal every day, so little boy has got sugar diabetes, Oh, dear God, I wish the doctors will just write whenever I can. Lots and there is no cure for it."were smarter and could discover

of work to do in a new place with I told Phebe we must not let something to cure this awful a big family to keep going. Heber know, but I am afraid he disease. They will some day, but

Yesterday I took all the family guessed it was pretty bad because (Continued on page 646)

OCTOBER 1949 631 Photograph, others from center; in t Moderator and of Superintendent Assistant Second Hardy, Ralph Participants: W. Washington courtesy Salt Lake Tribune Capitol Ward Stout Sarah A Men; the representing Hawaii, Stake, Y.M.M.I.A.M Kanahele, Oahu right: George left to Granite Ward, Wells James, Betty Scouts; Boy Stake, Bonneville Yale Ward, Fairbanks, David Interest; Special Stake, Provo Ward, Miller Manavu Girls; Reed Hive Bee Mt. Highland Ogden Stake, Ward, Wallace, Girls; Sharon Junior Stake, Ward, Harvard Collmson, L. Selby Girls; and Gleaner Stake, Bonneville Ward, Yale Romney, Beverly Explorers; Stake,

'Interest. Special Stake, Liberty

in act to delegated to man authority wholekinds of various enjoy to Values of aren't words There God's name. activities. some Membership, Church great describe fully to how enough Article of David: The thirteenth

Morals, Faith says: "If there is anything that gift is.

Criticism virtuous, lovely, or of good report Hardy: A serviceman stood up

and one day meeting in a sacrament seek after these praiseworthy, we of the Churchy or the into Church said that as he came narrowminded- things."That isn't and

Repentance—ness.Betty: And President George hein aheardmillion."a boy Heuse saidthe termhe never"one

these are Albert Smith says to his friends realized what that statement meant the problems who don't belong to the Church: until once in the heat of battle, as

"We don't ask you to give up anyhe was pursuing a course up through discussed. thing you have that is good and a treacherous part of the line, his

true. We want you to have all companion was shot down beside

I picked him that and more. We want to divide him. He said: "As

{Concluded from September Issue) with you that which our Father in up and laid him in my lap, I placed in the head, and on his hands since us."my has given heaven And Betty, Hardy: Ralph W.Elder Christ Jesus of the Lord all truth, name a embraces the Church Girls, next. you're Junior do

you have problems? person couldn't have a knowledge and by the power and authority of

I blessed him Holy Priesthood, still be narrowthe of the gospel and a Betty: do have We certainly his health."he to preserve And he? could minded,lot the of problems, but perhaps

I opened my eyes andmost pertinent one is the fact that Beverly: I think Betty should said, "As

girls my age enjoy the activities of tell her friends about the great value saw the thousands of men rushing our Church, but they can't seem of the gift of the Holy Ghost to around me and cursing in the heat to grasp the true significance of those who live close to the Church. of battle, I lifted my head to heaven

I one said 'thank that I am God and servants are confirmed, in are afraidmembership we it. They When

'of the million.'power The in a conthe priesthood holding "churchy,"tooof becoming and of God

consequently being narrowminded. fer upon us this great blessing, and priesthood is very significant.

Hardy: There's a twoheaded we are promised that the Holy Stout: I think Betty should requestion if I ever heard one. One, Ghost will be a constant guide and mind her friend of the power of

what are the real, deep spiritual influence in our lives. Just think prayer. Show me a man who

values that come with Church memwhat it means to have a member of knows how to pray, and you will bership, and two, do you get narthe Godhead help us each day! He have shown me a free man, free

rowminded if you come close to helps us to set our values straight. from fear because he knows he can

the Church? What about this quesHe helps us to make decisions; he take any problem he has to the Lord

tion, Betty, do you have a ready teaches us truth. He assures us of and get an answer.

comeback to it? Do you worry the divinity of our Heavenly Father Reed: Well, there is one thing

about becoming narrowminded? and of his son Jesus Christ, and he that I think is important. Our

Betty: I believe that our religion helps us to follow in the paths that Church is just bursting with opdoes not narrow us. All my life I've they have prepared that we may portunities for wholesome activity.

watched those people who I believe have happiness here on earth and Our spirits were lifted, when our really live their religion, and to me exaltation in the celestial kingdom Explorer troop went down probably they seem the happiest and most of God. the wildest part of a river a few

successful individuals I know. It's George: We are truly a fortuweeks ago in some rubber lifeboats,

interesting to note that our religion nate people in being members of this and I'm sure under our spiritual isn't a longfaced, unhappy religion, great Church. One of the greatest leadership it was an experience of a

but rather a happy, livable religion. blessings I have ever received is lifetime, one which won't be forIt teaches us to seek knowledge, and the power of the priesthood—the gotten for a long time.

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hardy: Yes, we believe our girls

would rather be oldfashioned, if being oldfashioned means keeping their moral standards. Beverly,

what about the Gleaner Girls?

Beverly: Perhaps my situation

is a little unusual and sort of oldfashioned, but it's been very sacred and beautiful to me. The fellow

I go with and I pray together often.

It's wonderful to thank God for his blessings and ask him for his help in all that we do. And it certainly

is a comfort to realize that if any

AN OPEN DISCUSSION illshouldbefallsarise,usmyor fianceif anycouldproblemexercise the powers of the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood which he holds.

on OurIt makesprayersus sohaveverybeenconsciousanswered.of PROBLEMS trying to serve our Heavenly

Father and his children, and we

OF THE feel, oh, so very, very close to YOUTH

Hardy: Brothers and sisters, take

time when your life gives you pause and do as the song says: "Count of theyour many blessings, see what Godhas done"to bless this people with CHURCH

the richness of Church membership. (From a presentation given durBetty, when your friends worry ing the Sunday Evening Session

about being narrowminded, teach of M.I.A. Conference, June

them the meaning of that great say1949.)

ing, "Obedience to law is liberty."

If we obey the commandments of fact, it makes a date alGod, we have greater freedom, too few people take a definite stand God—in

greater ability to rule our own deswhen confronted with a social situamost like a visit to heaven.

tinies than any other people on the tion pertaining to this question of Hardy: There's a slogan for

girls, make your date like aface of the earth. morals!—What is expected of Latyou

visit to heaven. Hardy: Mr. M Man, we're down terday Saints? What can we do

to your problem. to strengthen our moral practices? David: I think the members of

George: Here's a pressing probBetty: This is where that statethe Church who are older than we

lem. Even in faroff Hawaii, it is ment about being oldfashioned are should set good examples, bevery much apparent. Nowadays it comes up again. It comes up so cause the Bee Hive Girls and the

is becoming increasingly common very often whenever the subject Scouts see a lot of things that are for young men and young women to is touched, but I've noticed that done, and that's where we get an be unchaste in their living. Many frequently when a person has said idea of what is wrong and what is

think that a happier life can be to a Latterday Saint girl that keepright. If you want the younger

achieved in that direction. I think ing these standards is oldfashioned, members of the Church to be good,

they are wrong. Every time there she has come back with the answer I think you should set good exis a date or a social engagement of that if it is oldfashioned, which amples for us.

any kind, the issue of our personal she believes it isn't, that she would Sharon: You might think I'm a

conduct comes to the forefront. All just as soon be that way. (Continued on page 683)

vx COUNT YOUR. MANY BLE3SIN6S,

HAS DONE....-'. M. S SEE WHAT GOD *

OCTOBER 1949 633 Boots of the Friendly Isles. Drawn from nature by W. Hodges "-Photograph courtesy Bemice P. Bishop Museum

This is an account of a landing on savage and unknown shores, of the converting and baptizing of 620 persons in less than five months, and of a MISSION TO shipwreck on a lonely island.

VII

wellbuilt, finelooking men, and of a "nobleThecontinuallyTwo eldersprayedon Tahitithat newhad tices.ever livedNoamongwhite them.missionary had in mien,"welldressed

fields would be opened up to In spite of all this, he was deternative clothes. They looked as if

them, and while Elder Rogers'eyes mined to go to this island of Anaa, they could be brothers to the were turned ever to the mounbecause he felt it was the will of Tahitians, except that they were a tainous islands to the leeward, the Lord. So he set sail in a trading little darker, and larger of stature.

Elder Grouard felt impressed that schooner from Tahiti on April 23, Even so, Elder Grouard had to he should go to the low islands of and arrived at Anaa on May 1. As muster all his courage to leave the

the Tuamotu archipelago, (also the little vessel was standing to, near schooner to climb down into the called "Low"or "Dangerous"the island, a native canoe made from native canoe, and to go unaccomarchipelago) which lay to the east- a small coconut log and manned by panied by friend or acquaintance ward. He had heard especially of one native, came out over the reef. on a wild ride through the breakers

the island of Anaa, called by some, The man did not come on board the and over the barrier reef onto those

Chain Island, about 245 miles diship, but Elder Grouard conversed savage and unknown shores.

rectly east. The island is of a type with him, telling him, among other Describing the experience, he

referred to as a coral atoll. As conthings, that he was an orometua wrote:

trasted lo the lofty mountainous (missionary). The native then

islands like Tubuai and Tahiti, paddled back to the land. As we drew near the land, I noticed that

the lined beach already was natives consisted strip with ofAnaa a narrow later, few minutes while the A awaiting arrival, our as and came we coral,of circular in brokendown sailing ship quite to close was the nearer, distinctly I could shout hear themshape, projecting feet a only few shore, another large, canoe, quite like jabber of and ten a flock thousand out of the ocean. And whereas all came out from among the breakers, wild geese. I can hardly describe my

kinds of tropical fruits and vegewith several persons in it. When feelings as I approached this strange land

tables grew in wild abundance on it came alongside the schooner, the and heard the wild shouts of these halfthe mountainous islands, the only natives inquired for the orometua, ifcivilizedI had leftsonstheofworldthe ocean.and got uponIt seemedanotheras

food that would grow on the coral and invited him to go ashore with planet, among another class of beings.

atolls was the coconut. them. After the stories he had They were certainly a different race of

The Tuamotu natives were still heard about these people, Elder people from any I had hitherto seen.

for time meditation, however, was My fierce,wild, warlike, and he suragreeably very had Grouard was short, for at arrived the landing soon we told,been and years were only a few he examined prised when the men place, I leaping ashore, and found myself removed from cannibalistic pracin the canoe. They were large, the next minute surrounded by some two

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

or three hundred natives of both sexes and all ages; naked, halfnaked, and

dressed; hooting, hallooing, laughing, and

jabbering like a legion of evil spirits. In

my eyes they looked wild and savagelike;

and I listened to their frightful noises, and not being able to understand what they said, I knew not but what I had become a victim for sacrifice in very deed.

When the noise had died down, one of the chiefs, speaking in

Tahitian, said to Elder Grouard, "Missionary, don't think hard of us as we want you to tell us what you have come to this island for, because we have heard that you are a servant of God; the people tell

us so; but we don't know because

so. say not heard you have we We

Mumford Thomas E. by—Photograph

it your from to hear own want natives. Tuamotuan being used by years ago was to a few up which Paumotu""pahi A modern

cord. husk coconut with together sewed tied or are mouth."how planks Note

Elder Grouard replied: "I am.

The people tell the truth; I am a, tell you what you must do to be us that we may also know that, beservant of God, and I have come to saved in the kingdom of light, and cause all the missionaries we ever

I wish to know if you desire me to saw were Englishmen."

stop with you.""America is my land,"Elder

"What land do you belong to, Grouard responded. "I am not an

Missionary, the native asked; tell Englishman; neither do I preachPOLYNESIA like the English missionaries whom

you have seen in Tahiti. I preach

what God has shown us in this The Story of Addison Pratt day; I speak what is in the book

the English missionaries have And The Society Islands Mission brought you; the Bible-

"Americans are good people,"the native answered. "We know this

because a great many of them have d5u cUJoute <=?L. Ljfi been here, and they all treated us

ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR well; but since you come from a

different land from that the missionaries at Tahiti came from, are you not like the Pope Catholics that come from France?"

Elder Grouard answered "Friends, Apostle Paul said, 'Prove all things and hold fast to that which is good.'And now if you prove

me and the doctrine I preach, you will find that it is not like the

Catholic or anything else you have ever heard; you will find it to be the

true gospel of Jesus Christ."

"Missionary,"the native said, "your talk is good, and the governor and chiefs are well pleased with it.

You are the first missionary from the land of the white people that ever came to our poor land to live among us. The English missionaries at

Tahiti never would come because our land has not plenty of good things to eat like they have on that land. We have often asked them

-Photograph by the author to come > but they always ask us

Present day Tuamotuan family. Pictured with them is Elder Golden Wayne Mack, former missionary to Tahiti (Continued on page 670)

OCTOBER 1949 635 tit endauonaJ3xidcouem i JERUSALEM SCROLLS %the interest taken in ancient manuoffered to him for sale in January scripts by Westerners generally. 1948, and that the deal might have

"|They proceeded to Bethlehem and been closed except for the chaotic showed their precious find to the conditions which prevailed at the

Moslem Sheik in the hope that he time in Jerusalem. But for these difwould purchase it. The Sheik exficulties, the Hebrew University

amined some of the script on the would have had the entire collection. wrongly supposand, manuscripts since find no manuscriptPERHAPS Syriac, Estrangelo ing that it was in 1844 discovery Tischendorf's

of Codex Sinaiticus, a Greek unadvised his countrymen to take the Wednesday, February 18,cial Bible text, has so excited scholscrolls to Syrians residing in BethON 1948, Father Butros Sowmy, a ars as the o-ne recently made in lehem. The Syrians called them to priest of St. Mark's Syrian OrthoPalestine of eleven scrolls more or the attention of their Metropolitan, dox Convent in the Old City of

less related to the Bible. To be sure,

since Professor Tischendorf made. <>,-,-.....-:(..;.;>.-

his discovery in the monastery of St.

Catherine, at Mt. Sinai, other important finds have been made. The

Oxyrhynchus papyri containing socalled "sayings"of Jesus, the Old

Syriac Gospels on Mt. Sinai, the

Freer manuscripts of both Old and

New Testaments, the Lachish Letters, and the Chester Beatty papyri, are all cases in point, to mention only a few. 2 But none of these

equals in importance and interest the scrolls which were found by

Bedouin during the summer of 1947 in a cave near the north end of the

Dead Sea, high on the cliff.

As far as I have been able to reconstruct the story of the discovery from various descriptions, it appears that before the Bedouin happened upon the cave it had partially collapsed, leaving only a small gap through which an entrance might be made. The collapse of the cave had

crushed the jars which contained --Photograph by John C. Trever. Courtesy, "The Biblical Archaeologist."

viscontents the leaving scrolls, the scrolls Dr. C. John with four his (right), examining Samuel Athanasius Yeshue Metropolitan, Syrian The

Education. of Religious Council International for the English Bible the of the pulled Department of director out Trever, They ible to the natives.

Marcos) (Deir Convent Mar St. in Syrian Orthodox Mark's the Metropolitan is of the office in the scene The

strip blackin their long off a wrapped manuscript was each tore repaired, carefully scrolls being After Jerusalem. of and the in City the Old

waximpregnated cloth wrappings, of paper to preserve it as well as possible.

thus exposing the ancient documents to the light of day. Athanasius Yeshue Samuel, in JeruJerusalem, was cataloguing books

The finders of the scrolls, like the salem. He purchased five of them for the library, but found himself at

other Bedouin of Palestine, know of for the library of St. Mark's Ortho- a loss how to handle the five scrolls

iThose who would like access to the original acdox Convent in Jerusalem. It is not so recently acquired. He telephoned

referred are counts Williamto articlesBrownlee,by Drs. andMillarH. Burrows,L. Ginsyet clear to me how the Hebrew Dr. John C. Trever, acting director Trever, John C.

IX, No. Vol. Archaeologist, Biblical in the of Oriental berg, School of the American acquired of Jerusalem 3 University

o{ Oriental Schools the American Bulletin the of and of in the 112 Deabsence and (October 111 Research and my Numbers six scrolls. Professor Research, other the

the from secured be These may 1948). cember, Millar and Burrows, friend, Dr. University, an acProspect the of Research, 409 Oriental of Sukenik Schools American

Street,2 For Newsome Havenscholarly11, butConn.popular accounts, see Sir quaintance of mine, has reported asked for his help. Dr. Trever inKenyon, Our Frederick

Bros., scripts, Harper NewBibleYork.and the Ancient Manuthat the Syrianowned ones were vited him to come to the school the

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA scroll. With the aid of a Hebrew

dictionary he was soon led to Isaiah 65:1. What he had copied was

found there word for word!

PROFESSOR OF OLD TESTAMENT"LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE, It is not to be wondered at that

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY the young scholar found sleep next to impossible that night. Queries

next afternoon at 2:30. He appeared and suggested to Father Sowmy went through his mind as to the

at the appointed time in company that the value of the scrolls would length of the large scroll, the with his brother, Karim Sowmy, a be greatly enhanced if they were amount of Isaiah contained upon customs official at Allenby Bridge. photographed and published. it, and its authenticity.

Having opened a small leather suitAfter copying several lines from the large scroll, Dr. Trever un- "Respite the dangers and difficulwhich were wrapped in: newspapers. wrapped the others for purposes of ties, the next morning found Dr.

Trever on his way into the Old City of Jerusalem to the Syrian Convent.

The surprised Syrians were de-?gfWBSS8ftwsBJ$ lighted to learn that their large

scroll contained a text of Isaiah.

Dr. Trever was disappointed, however, when the Metropolitan, Athanasius Yeshue Samuel, informed

him that rarely was anyone allowed to photograph anything in their library. When it was explained that

by photographing the scrolls and widely distributing them their monetary value would be increased, they accepted an invitation to bring the scrolls next morning to the American School of Oriental Research, where the appropriate equipment was available. As luck would have

it, Dr. Trever is an expert photographer. Before leaving the Syrians

he was permitted to examine the

Isaiah scroll at greater length for indications of authenticity. It was

observed in several columns of the.:...::::::"text that there were large insertions

in a different hand, and in one case...;''.--'-':';"'.- -'laiograph byJohn C. Trever-- Courtesy, "The Biblical Archaeologist."

three separate dishands were Scroti Isaiah, 40, c<plete'haioJt The left is at The Chapter opened'to number full column

Isqfg'h scroll 40:2'b-TSq, for contains 33 and cerned. a long thai the.-. The fact was Used is indicated times time,- in ancient part of The first the manurolls central of portions the by the darkened: at

'of ii scroll those total tength points. the The 73both feet.sides, Ittheis resultmade ofup manyof 17 handssheets holding:ol. parchmentthe scrollsewnat script was in bad shape, and Trever

together as seen in two places on this picture.--:'The i sheet"w exposed measures 15%"by I&t'.-".V.- was not certain which fragment

was the beginning. He copied sevOne of the smaller scrolls was so examination. Three of the docueral lines from what looked like

brittle that it could be opened only ments, including the large one, were the upper part of the first column.

a little, but the largest roll luckily written on a coarse yellow parchThat afternoon he found out in the proved to be much more pliable. Dr. ment. The largest (Isaiah) was quiet of the American School that

Trever laid it down on the bed in his thinner than the others and conhe had copied Isaiah 1:1, word for

room and began slowly to unroll it. tained more evidence of wear. The word! The scroll was indeed comHe was not sure that the unfolding other two were written on a deep pletely devoted to the text of the

columns of script were not forgeries; brown leather, and showed signs of great prophet. The afternoon was

nevertheless they had every appear- a considerable amount of deterioraconsumed by Dr. Trever and his

ance of being extremely old. A littion. The script on the various rolls, companion, Dr. Brownlee, in comtle research showed that the script, though of various sizes and from pleting arrangements for photoobviously Hebrew, has a great simseveral different hands, gave even graphing the scrolls the following

ilarity to that of the famous Nash the inexperienced eye of Dr. Trever day. To their consternation the

Papyrus, a small fragment reposing the impression of coming from the electric power lines supplying the in the Manchester Library in Engsame period of time. school were damaged that afterland containing the Shema and the When Father Sowmy and his noon, leaving it without electricity.

Ten Commandments. Dr. Trever brother left, Dr. Trever examined Without steady light it was imposits scroll several lines ofcopied the meaning had he by for the copy (Continued on page: 6

-t -><.:..<*;* = his the absence of largecamera of of the a few lineshand in made

OCTOBER 1949 637 The FORT

XIII

The silence which followed was broken only by the quickdrawn breath of twenty men in blank surprise at the bishop's tremendous decision. Yet he had considered

it all very carefully in connection with the good standing of the San

Juan Coop with the banks in Durango, where so far they had refrained from borrowing as invited.

At his suggestion the coop assumed the heavy obligation, bought

O'Donnel's sheep and began the

Coop Sheep Herd, which they moved from Bluff to better range farther away.

With their right to Elk Mountain secured from the Piutes, they devoted the north half of the mountain to their sheep, the south to their limited number of cattle, too few to make good their claim to the amount of range they hoped to use, and, behold, the big L C Outfit with its numerous herd, was rapidly getting into all range not already in use.

Every Piute knew where the lack of a blind trail made it best to travel that way in the nighttime.

They knew it so well and resorted to it with such telling frequency,

Locomotive Rock north of Bluff they would have stripped the colony

SYNOPSIS

Tn the year 1851, President Brigham * Young sent colonies to extend the

Mormon territory to the south. Those who

went had to fight [our adversaries: the

Utes, the Navajos, the renegade whites, and nature, which seemed at times the greatest adversary of all. No treaty with

the United States could guarantee the settlers from the depredations of the Navajos.

Even Kit Carson who displaced the Indians had found it impossible to quell them. Jacob

Hamblin and Thales Haskell genuinely loved the Indians, and time after time won them to a reluctant peace, only to have it broken again because of the actions of the renegade whites. But at last the Mormons

had begun their settlement, in the face of i;|l

Indian attack and nature.

BB ': \ ":-'..;;.v;::.,::: -: '; 'Sjlilslltv'M

All that remains of the Amasa Barton home on Son Juan Hill.

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA oh the FIRING LINE biuaman

to. the bone if they had not been wool under what appeared to be

checked every so often by some a loose chinking in the wall.

thoughtprovoking event. When Next morning Mike stood there

Navajo Frank's splendid figure with his arm through a hole in the caved in, when Norgwinup's two wall where the chinking had been roughnecks met sudden and mysteremoved, and he was very much rious death, and a dozen other at a loss for words to explain the thieves came to their disastrous and wherefore.

unaccountable ending, the industry When Lem Redd opened the of somethingfor-nothing suffered hard jaws of that trap, Mike hur- a sharp setback. It took almost a ried away with his swollen fingers

year for it to start back on the road into retirement. He had no wish

to normalcy, and Haskell had to to advertise just how ignominiously repeat his warning to maintain halfhis racket had failed. Yet he who

livable conditions. had ever made such vain proclamaMike, with the wide mouth and tions of his exploits, could not keep

the Berkshireboar neck, was a his part in this fool's game from wouldbe chief. He carried the the listening ears of his rival chiefproud distinction, no matter who the tains. They gathered to his rereal killer might have been, of havtreat and viewed him with depreciain a Kumen Jones, Mary Nielsen Jones and their son. ing come away with the outfits of tive eyes—he had been caught

Mitchel and Myric while they lay in trap the same as a coyote.

two red heaps behind him. His It was too much for his outraged

ravenous appetite was in sharp pride—he, the imperious killer! The forthcoming at once—something

competition with his dignity as consumer of abundant bread and terrible would happen if they dechief when he ate the long slices molasses while the dupes of his layed the payment. He went from

of bread and molasses at Kigaly, tribe waited on empty stomachs for house to house growing more eloand then went to pacify the rest his brave command to hostile action! quent and more awful with his

of the gang. "Wait till they pay for this insult!"story as he repeated it, and some of

From his habit of following blind he roared, "If they refuse the the women became alarmed at his fist threats. trails and making his major movemoney—"he struck his right

then his left drew and into hand in the night, ments he a became interold Haskell. The He met

terin his throat across his fingers in merchant, coming wool every day evil predictions preter's of had to the San Juan Coop with a rible gesture, "I'll wear their scalps nettled Mike when they were made, blanket full of wool which, when on my belt! They can't do this to and he had discounted their unfailthey had weighed it and paid for me! ing fulfilment. Misfortunes had

it, they dumped with other wool in Terrible words. Maybe Mike come to some of the troublemakers,

their log warehouse. But somewas still the great fury they had but it was accidental; they had not

how, Mike's wool did not increase taken him to be; maybe he was come and would not come to Mike,

the amount, and the store manager, even more. Like a roaring lion he yet his jaw dropped lower and

Lem Redd, was puzzled to know came to Bluff, and with terrible lower as Haskell recounted to him how it could be. His observations visage he demanded a thousand just what happened and how.

led him to set a wolf trap in the dollars indemnity. It was to be (Continued on page 650)

KBnHUBHnMHMHflBHnHmHiHBfeBR8

A pioneer home of Sister Adeiia Lyman, Blanding 1906

OCTOBER 1949 639 "The Spirit WroughtColumbus

Four hundred and fiftyseven years have passed since Columbus discovered America. This is an

account of his life.

&'j

Lurit JJmvu ftear$ovi

And I looked and beheld a man among the Gentiles, who was separated from the seed of my brethren by the many waters;

and I beheld the Spirit of God, that it came down and wrought upon the man; and

he went forth upon the many waters, even unto the seed of my brethren, who were in the promised land. (I Nephi 13:12.) Courtesy M. Knoedler & Co., New York

Columbus SOME Latterday Saints interpret in Fromthe Navalthe HenriMuseumLefortof Madrid.etching of the portrait

the reference to the "man"in Nephi's vision to mean Christopher Columbus. What kind of Spain the same year as the Savior

man was Columbus? Did he himwas born in Judea. This very

self believe he was chosen of God volume in Seville contains Seneca's to carry on the Enterprise, as he tragedy, Medea, and it was once a was wont to call his great undertakprized possession of Columbus. It

ing? Did he live and die like a man contains a wellmarked passage

on whom the Spirit of God had which, translated into English, Statue of Columbus in Genoa wrought? reads

In the Biblioteca Columbina in An age will come after many years when things, the chains will of loose the ocean Seville, Spain, the author which of of the sons Ferdinand, the younger revealed, Tiphys land be a when huge and is this article visited in 1948, there transColumbus. The English will worlds disclose no of Thule and new of a Tragedies Seneca, volume by

is ultimate. the lation be more

the Roman philosopher who was a contemporary of Paul the Apostle. Next to the above passage there This prophecy was fulfilled by my father

Seneca was born at Cordova in is a handwritten note in Latin by... the Admiral in the year 1492.

Seville with River Guadalquivir in right background. Here Columbus lived many years.

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Upon The Man"

Shortly after Columbus had been brought back in chains from the new world to Spain, he rewrote

Seneca's passage to refer more pointedly to himself. The English

translation of the Columbus revision

isAt a time far distant in the future, a day shall come when the Ocean will release its bondage, and a great continent will be opened, and a new seasailor, like that

Tiphys who piloted Jason, will discover a new world. The early home of Columbus, Genoa.

On February 26, 1501, Columbus wrote to Father Gorrico in Seville Columbus was hopeful that Ferd- A study of the life of Columbus asking that a certain Book of Proph inand's wife, Queen Isabella, a will reveal the pattern the Lord ecies be rewritten in a rounder hand woman of undoubted piety, would often follows in fashioning human such as King Ferdinand liked to be convinced by the scriptures that vessels for his divine purposes. This

read. This Book of Prophecies was he, Columbus, was the Lord's pattern frequently includes humble

a compilation by Columbus himself chosen servant in discovering the birth; a life setting that both inof every passage in the Bible that new world, and that the queen spires and challenges the chosen

might be regarded as a prediction would be moved to send him on a ones to fufll their destiny; periods of

of the discovery of the new world. new expedition. toil, despair, and ridicule; sudden

achievement of their great missions beyond all compare; then repudiation by their fellow men; finally

heartbreak and death; and then in

time to come the world sings their praises.

The birthplace of Columbus is Genoa, which the author also visited in 1948. Columbus was born in

1452* in a room in Genoa's watchtower of Olivella where his father

Domenico Columbus was keeper of the tower. In 1447, Domenico had

temporarily given up the craft of weaver to accept the political appointment as keeper at the Porto dell'Olivella. One year after

Christopher's birth the infidel Turks captured Constantinople, and Italian commerce was doomed. Until then

the shipping and trade of Genoa were the wonder of the world.

In 1271, Marco Polo had left Italy and traveled east to China.

He returned to Italy in 1295, His marvelous stories about the gold and gems of the orient fired the imagination of all Europe. In the

Seville Biblioteca there reposes

Columbus'wellworn copy of

this In at Seville, Cathedral for his successful gave thanks Columbus references list the year of Columbus'*Sorae trip "Indies."here. to the are buried His remains birth as "probably H51."

(Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1949 641 COIUMBUS—THE SPIRIT WROUGHT UPON THE MAN

(Continued from preceeding page) Columbus. When he was thirty waiting. Says Las Casas regardMarco Polo, with marginal notes in years old, his beautiful young ing Columbus during the period

Columbus'own hand. Every boy Portuguese wife, Felipa, died, leav1486-1492—

of fifteenth century Genoa knew by ing a baby son, Diego. In later

heart the seafaring adventures of years Ferdinand, the second son He began to sustain a terrible, conelder brothers and kinsmen who of Columbus (by a woman from tinued, painful, and prolonged battle; a

not of have one would weapons the voyagedhad African down Seville significantly observed as that sharp so horrendous of materialbeen andcoast Iceland. and as far up as But his father's Portuguese days to so informing he endure had from which

after the loss of Constantinople to many people of no understanding, although the Mohammedans, what Italian In youth his { Columbus') hair was blond, they presumed to know all about it, and boy was there who didn't know that but when he came to his thirtieth year it all replying patiently to many people who the proud ships of Genoa would be turned white. did not know him, nor had any respect

insulting speeches person, receiving for his forever the of barred wealth from afflicted his soul. Even these tribulations played which Indiesthe unless route could a new

be their part in the great enterprise befound by sea? Isabella in ordered 1486, Later like cause Columbus, now many ansecret of advertising is repeThe enterprise beto place the tried to his Columbus mortal, other forget

tition. impact of a recurring The at Salamancommission fore a royal

suggestion on youth is enormous. ca University. One Maddonado,

Every day and moonlit eve of his who was present, reported that young life, Columbus could gaze SO BRIEFLY Father Talavera (head of the comout on the lure of Genoa's robin's- 5. H. Dewhurst mission)

eggblue harbor and think what it stir briefly does Co.. learned and other. with wise men andlay thus beyond. formed And was *** brittle bough, The said Admiral the with discussed mariners his tothe of plan Inthe seed seek It if is there as were said the to his going about (Columbus)

twilightdies, in the Lord's now; and No own way that all what agreed of them islands, and its flight starts barely the for It prepared boywas Columbus possibly be not could said Admiral the air autumn Through

the mission foretold by Nephi the Before the grasping night true, and that contrary to what appeared

Prophet. And at that very time Is everywhere. to the most of them the Admiral per-

...there lay hidden in the new worldsisted

tobe some metal plates setting (Is this not mindful of how the forth the Columbus destiny. sorrows in his work. He began Spirit of the Lord wrought when

to significant a IceAfter voyage examining every available book and the Agrippa, Paul was before in 1477,land journeyed Columbus dealing the with of the earth. shape the Smith, was before Joseph boy, Portugal,to then important marian Imago One volume, Mundi, by of Palmyra?) townspeople nation. Lisbon, Portugal, Intime d'Ailly, containing Bishop more 1490he obtained copies of a chart and than eight hundred marginal notes It took four years—until

letter dated June 25, 1473, written in Columbus'own hand, is in the for the Talavera commission to by Dr. Paul Toscanelli of Florence, Biblioteca Columbina in Seville. render an adverse report. Ferdinand

Italy, to one Canon Martins, a prelThe following is an example of the and Isabella neither accepted nor ate in the service of Portugal's king. notes by Columbus rejected it. They simply informed

The chart showed the earth as a Columbus that he might bring his globe, and the letter described how A degree is 56% Roman miles. enterprise to their attention when

a ship could sail west around the India is near Spain. the war with the Moors was over.

globe and reach the Indies.* Columbus hung on another few

Columbus, now only twentyfive Says Las Casas, an historian who months and then decided to quit knew Columbus personally, Spain forever and join his brother,years of age, on the basis of the of Court at the Bartholomew, chart, globe a preparedToscanelli is certainly D'Ailly the one who inspired Father 1491, France. In August, in rudeplea to King II which John in Columbus confidence the most in his

form comprised the Grand Enterprojects. Perez, a prelate to Queen Isabella,

prise to the Indies and which was persuaded her to command Columeventually to result in the fulfilment Although Columbus brought his bus to appear before her once more.

of Nephi's vision. The Columbus enterprise to Spanish attention in Again the queen referred the enterpresentation was so convincing that 1483, his chief approach to King prise to a royal commission and

the king referred it to his council Ferdinand and Queen Isabella had again the commission rejected it.

of engineers. The council's report its inception in 1485. Possibly fearTo soften the blow, the sovereigns

was unfavorable. ing arrest for debt, Columbus, with invited Columbus to march in the

The next few years spent in his small son Diego, hastily shipped victory procession that entered

Portugal were heartbreaking for from Lisbon that year. They Granada on January 2, 1492. A few

landed at Palos, Spain. It was May days later the monarchs let fall the

*Said Jacques Lochois a hundred years later 1486, before the Spanish monarchs ax. They told Columbus his enterconcerningin those days—men's meagre geographical knowledge gave Columbus a hearing. Instead prise was finally and absolutely reof simply saying "No,"as the jected, but they wished him God- "The maps the ancients drew, ridiculous may

seem. Portuguese king had done, the speed.

Remember, half they knew, was more than half a dream!"Spaniards kept him dangling and (Continued on page 672)

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

no more and no less than the actualThe Church ityheldofbyfirstmanyprinciples—asmen and womenthey arein

midtwentieth century. If Mr. and

Mrs. Abingdon turn out to be like

most human beings now extant, and Modern Society either or both will give a little titter, covering a statement intended to be

PART IX clever or realistic such as "trying to pay the milk bill."Then the

conversation will lapse to the recent weather, babies, what the udmedd nextdo, andsessionthe latestof thebargainslegislaturein housewill hold appliances. Modern civilizaOf cU.It/Livma tiontrial hasmansoinencasedartifices,modernmechanisms,indusand conveniences, that many indiBY viduals are never required to think

outside or beyond the nearest light switch, radio knob, or automobile

HEAD OF starter. If the lights do not go on,

POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT or the motor start, the farthest reach

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH of many is merely to the nearest telephone extension.

What is the principal business of life? To know the alphabet and

the arrangement of the telephone -<?m,tt/ directory? And, as necessary concomitant, some means of income to

pay the telephone bill, the radio repairman, the grocer, and the taxes believe all that God has revealed, to keep the schools running, so the Occasionally it is possible to We gain the impression that many all that He does now reveal, and we berepairmen can be trained and the alphabet learned? We have many Latterday Saints, perhaps unlieveand importantthat He willthingsyet revealpertainingmanytogreatthe

consciously, labor under the attitude Kingdom of God. (The Ninth Article of pungent answers to this question

that the world's problems are pretty Faith, Italics Author's.) in ancient and modern scripture.

well solved; that since Brigham But do we connect them with autoYoung and the pioneers conquered It, perhaps, could be considered mobiles and secular life? To enthe desert, built the ditches, and very pleasant if all we had to do courage reexamination, this article

the mountain community, the main were to sit by the television screen will suggest some leading secular difficulties are past. All we have and wait for the announcement of as well as scriptural answers. Our

to do now is get the best possible the arrival of the millennium. But task is to blend them as life is

trade for a new model automobile, are there other treks to make, other blended.

keep the house painted, attend our deserts to conquer, temples to build, Henry Adams, son of a great meetings, church history, and knifeand-fork clubs, and try and stay well. This attitude continues, the Has the restored Church of Jesus Christ really

pioneers came, the desert was a -mission for this earth?

conquered; now let us have joy.

True, the gospel was restored that we might have joy. But we probcities to plan? If so, what might American family, resigned a Harably deceive ourselves if we think their nature be? vard professorship in 1879, to dethe mission of the restored Church If you want to try an interesting vote his life to the search for life's

was put in the way of final accomexperiment along these lines, ask purpose. As Adams saw it, the

plishment and fruition, as of noon this question during a lull in the conproblem was to discover if there

July 24, 1847, and the immediate versation at your next dinner party: were any "laws"of society, for

decades following. The book is not "Mrs. Abingdon (or Mr. Abinghistorical evolution. The results are

yet closed! We have always prodon), what do you consider to be published, in part, in The Education

tested against the concept that the the principal business of human of Henry Adams ( 1918). He turned

canon of scripture was "full."Do beings?"If Mr. or Mrs. Abingdon first to the study of American

some of us, however, act as if we happens to be of thoughtful turn, history past, then to the physical were the inhabitants of a closed, you will start your guests on an sciences, then to esthetics and airtight, finished "universe"? We exciting piece of evening talk. The travel.

should not forget: ensuing conversation should reveal (Continued on page 661

OCTOBER 1949 643 NACHRONISMS aJ THE BOOR OF MORMON

Anachronisms (errors in time) Hebraic proper name found in the are perhaps the worst plagues Bible. Not one of these letters occurs

which beset those who would in the Hebrew alphabet under any tell of the past, in the printed page, name, and the Nephites as Israelites, in speech, or on the screens of the or Hebrews, could not therefore make use of modernizing them.

motion picture houses. Because it The Book of Mormon makes no use

is so difficult to keep these errors of modern names for cloths, such as out, one of the best methods of "calico,""muslin,""delaine,""linsey,"detecting a forgery from a historical "broadcloth,"and scores of others. No

document is to examine it for things modern names for many articles of that did not exist at the time the wearing apparel occur in that book, as article was supposed to have been for example, "skirts,""pantaloons,"made. "waistcoats,""collars,""cuffs,"

To insure authenticity in the "gloves,""boots,""shirts,"and others.

familiar to intoxicants for No namesmovies, it is said that the larger in used people are times and modern studios have twenty thousand it. It makes no mention of whiskey,

volume libraries. A large amount of "don't,"and others of a like character gin, ale, brandy, punch, porter, beer,

a motion picture's budget goes into and of constant use among Englishand so on. The ancient word "wine"

research and technical advice to inspeaking people, do not occur in the does occur.

sure the authenticity that millions of Book of Mormon.... Such forms are The book does not speak of colleges

weekly movie attenders demand. foreign to the ancient Jewish sacred or universities, nor does it refer directly

The War Department gave technispeech. to any such schools of learning.

cal assistance for the production No titles such as "Mr.,""Mrs./ Libraries, art collection, museums, and

This Is the Army. Yet, this picture, "Miss,""Prof.,""Dr.,""D.D./ like institutions are not mentioned, nor

"LL.D.,""B.A.""Hon./ "M.A.,"is in implied. their existence any way color, in excelled musicwhich and

"Sir,'"Ph.D.,""Gentleman,""Lady,"single Several phrase and words scarcely released before been anhad "Esquire,""Excellency,'"Madam,"in terms are use which common amongalert to studio the Scout wrote Boy "Lord,* "Peer,""Highness,""Grace,"authors English are wholly modern

in theasking Eagle American why their or "Earl,""Baron,""Reverend,"in the of that pages wanting work, To the closing sequence, faced left. He plurals, together with many others that instance some of them we have, "nameknew, from his work in scouting, might be cited, are found in that book. ly,""as follows,""the following,""to

that this should never be. A few, however, used to designate wit,""the foregoing,""the above,""to

Even with a large staff of experts office, do occur as, for example, sum up,""for instance,""for example,"and with the expenditure of vast "King,""Captain,"(general army of- "to recapitulate,"and so on. Even the

sums of money, no motion picture fice) and "Governor."rare use of such words was foreign to

production is without errors. We the ancient Hebrew speech.

should not expect it otherwise since, Christian denominational names in as human beings, we do err, and no use a century ago throughout the human production is perfect. The English of the latedworld Nephiteare not torecords;be foundnorinistheMohamtrans-

By comparison, let's examine Book of Mormon would medanism spoken of; and the same may

another composition arranged by show first, the absence be said of many "isms"of one charThomas W. Brookbank and which of modernisms, and secacter or another, which have sprung up

is in the reproduced book Seven ond, a Hebrew reflection amongcenturies.menAllduringnames thealso lastof ChristianseveralClaims by of the Book of Mormon,

Elder John A. Widtsoe and Frankin words and sentence religious orders, such as Jesuits,

lin S. Harris, Jr., (1936). structure. Franciscans, and various others are

excluded from that book.

Let us quote extensively: No principle of science is mentioned

The English of the Book of Mormon Mia--:u under a modern name; no principle is

would therefore show, first, the absence There are no surnames in the Book referred to in any way which the very of modernisms, and, secondly, a of Mormon, since surnames first came latest developments do not sustain as

Hebrew reflection in words and into general use about A.D. 1040. sound, scientific teachings.

sentence structure. These are both In no instance is there a letter "q,"No tariff or free trade questions are

very evident as the following selections "x,"or "w"in an uncorrupted proper noticed.

from an extensive literature will show. name in the translated Nephite records. Newspapers and magazines are not

The contractions "can't,""couldn't,"Nor is one of them in an uncorrupted (Continued on page 659) 644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEMPLE W By RICHARD L. EVANS

the doors."1 Intimations of things only passing departures, the imJhe Lnd from the to come have a way of preceding pressions we implant in others may

the arrival of the events themselves. be permanent. Many a man who

earnnm'j By the first postings on the board, has said and done things that didn't often we may know what the finseem to him to change his own wellthis season again one is picture we recall to ished intended anchored standards basic beand be—andAt of the pleasant of there are times pastimes our would when do men liefs has found that the of example

childhood, when we paused with well to appraise the intended picture his words and his ways has changed other wideeyed youngsters to before all the pieces are pasted his children, and may have led watch the billposter, forerunner of down. them to permanent departures. Of

circuses and shows and other -August 7, 1949 course, we may presume the events, skilfully ply his paste and privileges of maturity; we may presomehow make the parts of a sume that it is all right for us who

readymade picture slip piece by K-Jn, 5eLna at LJur djedt are older to say and to do things piece into place—thus to tell all that those who are younger shouldpassers-by of things to come. The "Perhaps most of us give way at n't say and do. But what a father

first piece may not have given much times to actions and attitudes does had better be good for his son, hint as to the complete picture, but and utterances which we would not because most sons are at sometime perhaps the second or the third ordinarily approve in ourselves or in or other likely to want to walk in did. And one by one we began others. But whenever we depart their father's footsteps. What anyto see the component parts of the from our most acceptable selves, we one does had better be good for

various performers—and we expemust remember that there are at those who depend upon him to set

rienced much impatience when we least two things for which we are the pace. Even supposing that we

were pressed for time and couldn't constantly accountable: One is the ourselves could give way to subwait for the picture to be comeffect our attitudes and actions have standard conduct and unworthy utpleted. We are not so much aware on us, and the other is the effect our terances without seeming to hurt

of late of these skilful plyers of attitudes and actions have on others. ourselves very much, we must be

paste and posters, perhaps because Especially should we be mindful of mindful of the effects of what we we take less time these days to see the effect of our actions and utterdo 'and say on others—because

some things that once absorbed us. ances on young and impressionable other people are influenced as much

But there are many other projected people. By the time we have arby us when we are at our worst as

patterns continually taking shape rived at adulthood, we ourselves they are when we are at our best.

before us, which should not pass may have acquired a solid set of For this reason, if for no other, it unnoticed. Some of these patterns standards from which we may not is important to be at our best.

and pictures would no doubt be feel that there is much danger of de-—August 14, 1949

pleasant to contemplate and some parting very far, and to which it of them we surely wouldn't like if may seem rather easy to return that the occasional see end from the and may think wewe were to Jke J-'attem of the fast too matter Savior of manthe small departures won't Saidbeginning.

kind: "Now learn a parable of the much. But while our offactions \X/e sometimes waste too much of

fig tree; When his branch is yet and offutterances may for us be the present in waiting for the

tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye return of the pattern of the past.

know that summer is nigh: So likeMuch as we may wish it were otherwise ye, when ye shall see all these wise, things are never again exactly

things, know that it is near, even at as once they were. And whatever

Revised Copyright 1949 iMatthew 24:3233 (Concluded on following page)

TLTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nation- ** wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

OCTOBER 1949 645 THE SPOKEN WORD (Concluded from preceding page) be life. But movement means portunities of the present, if we

part of the past we might wish to change, and change means comare waiting for what once was to bring back, we must not waste the parisons. And comparisons may come back and be again just as

present by brooding about it. Life show us some things, perhaps many once it was, we are wasting time.

is fluid and flowing, varied and things, from the past that we could Life moves in one direction only—

ever moving. And there is never well want to bring back. If, for ever eternally onward. And what-

a single moment that we can hold example, there are important princiever it once lacked or whatever it for more than a moment. We canples from which we have now too once had, the past is passed. There

not say to time, to circumstances, far departed, we had better do our are principles that forever persist, or even to ourselves, "Stop, and best to turn toward them again. from which it is dangerous to destay as you are."We cannot say If there was once a safer and part, and toward which we must

to any situation or to any season, sounder sense of values, we had evermore earnestly tend; but some

"Stop and stay as you are."In better do our best to bring it back. things properly belong to the past,

this respect life is much like the But the complete picture, the whole and we should take from today all movement of music. Music cannot pattern, is never again going to rethe good it has to offer, and not

be stopped and still be music. Any shape itself just as once it was. waste time brooding about those

single sound that we hold too long And if we are waiting for life to parts of the pattern that can never becomes a monotonous note rather return precisely to some previous completely return.

than a moving melody. And life pattern, if we are postponing prep-—August 21, 1949

likewise cannot be stopped and still aration, if we are passing the op-

/Jvidaivia Lsurdewed and \Jtktierd 'T'he question of judging ourselves But it may relieve some of the If we are negligent in performing and others is always a matter harshness of the judgment which some service, it is an understandof serious concern. Perhaps all of we sometimes spare ourselves and able oversight to us. But if others

us, certainly almost all of us, seek impose on others. There are so fail in performing a similar service,

to justify our own actions and are many small ways in which we judge it is an offense for which penalties critical of the actions of others; and or misjudge ourselves and other should be imposed. And so we

most of us do some things that we men and their motives. If, for excould go on cataloguing a long list

attitudes in this resent in others—which reminds ample, someone passes us without of acts and of

us of the man referred to by the recognition, we may assume that twosided picture which shows one deliberately; wherecolor to us and another color toMaster—the Pharisee who prayed: he has done so

"... I thank thee, that I am not as, it is more probable that he was others. It should cause us to be

as other men are."1 More justified, preoccupied with a pressing problem grateful that the final judgment of

said the Savior, was the publican and was utterly unaware of us. If men rests with him who knows us

another. ".. one place than to friends better favors or direct merciful we know we be prayed,. God,who

it at it all in around, prelooking family of And, in members our own of us Since none a sinner."to me

is perfect, it is unbecoming to asferred positions, to us it may seem should lead us to be as understandsume a selfrighteous superiority, merely a matter of loyalty or of doing of the actions and errors of

This doesn't mean that we should ing our duty. But if others place others as we are of our own.

condone misdoing in others. Being their friends or families in favored—August 28, 1949

charitable of the errors of others positions, we frown upon it as iLuke 18:11

doesn't make their wrongs right, favoritism or decry it as nepotism. -Ibid., 18:13

WITHOUT BENEFIT OF INSULIN

(Continued from page 631) Have you seen my, have you seen my, he sang that song for the baby. I

shoes? seen new you my his tear or a run saw two down

tips the on, the with tips on it will be too late to save my little WithHave in cheek, got he and up and wentboy. tips toes. the the on With

And the buckles and bows, his store and got a little pair of

December 15th And the tips on the toes. boots with copper toes and asked

me to take them to Heber. He also

Today was mighty hard to bear. Lucy just flies in her jumper when sent him a new shiny silver dollar.

Heber begged us to move little he claps his hands and sings. Then He said, "Mr. Guymon, we all feel

falls exhaustso back bed from he on the in to his room jumper Lucy's sorry folks. If mighty for you we

like ed, looks dead. I he he a was jumper her made the kitchen. help call can in any please way,

it I longer, couldn't stand so any fastened pole spring long a with to the ceiling logs. Phebe made a I went to town. Got to talking with on us."

little harness out of my old overalls. my friend George Bauer, and he Heber said to me when I told

He whistles for her and then sings: asked about Heber. I told him how him good night, "Pa, I think I must

646 T HE IMPROVEMENT ERA be going to die, everybody is so Heber all quiet and each thinking me and said, "Well, Pa, I didn't good to me."our own thoughts when suddenly make it, did I?"He then kissed

he asked me, "Pa are you sure Ma baby Lucy goodbye three times and

December 25th will be there to meet me when I go?"went to sleep.

Well, today was Christmas. We With me feeling so blue and sad

all tried to be as happy as possible and wondering if God has anything January 21st even with this black cloud hanging to do with a little boy suffering like 1885 over us. We had a lovely snowthis, it was hard for me to tell him Heber died today at 12:30. It

storm, and the world looks so pret- I was sure his mother would meet is over, Thank God.

ty. The pinon trees are all loaded him, but after I sat and thought a

down and look like Christmas trees. minute, I know she will. It's just January 22nd

On account of the crops being got to be that way. Then I told him We sure have a lot of friends. A

good this year, we were able to get the story my mother told me long bunch of the womenfolk came and the children some presents. Phebe ago about how Jesus said he was made a nice suit out of some black

made Heber a little new shirt all going to prepare a home for us over cloth that Geo. Bauer sent. His

by hand out of some bleached musthere and I just knew he would little white shirt that Phebe made lin. We got a pocket knife for have a nice place for a good little for his Christmas looks nice with

Enoch and Jimmie and a new calico boy. the black suit and his little copperdress for Annie. Lucy was sure toed boots that he never walked in.

happy with her little china doll. January 20th John White made a coffin, planed

We decided not to have any candy Today it looked like maybe the it all nice and smooth, and his wife on account of Heber, so we had end of his suffering was near. He covered it with black calico and

popcorn. This Christmas was sure was in sort of a stupor part of the lined it with muslin. He looks nice

better than the ones before as far time. I just had to get some work in his coffin, and I can honestly say

as presents went. done outside. We had to get up I am thankful to see him at rest.

The boys went up on the moun- a shed to protect the cow and Jimmie and Enoch and the tain a week ago and shot a wild horses from the cold north wind. Wilden boys have dug a grave up

turkey, and Phebe sure does know Phebe sent Annie running for me, on the hill at the top of the farm how to cook good. I helped Heber but by the time I got there he had beside baby Francis.

walk in the kitchen to sit at the revived, but he begged me not to It took them all day because the

Christmas dinner with us. He eats leave him any more, so I sent the ground was froze so hard.

by himself beside his bed most of boys back alone to finish the shed.

the time because we give him the There has only been two other January 23rd best of everything, and it might days in my life as hard as this one. We held a simple service here

make him feel bad if he saw we did That was when his mother died at the house. So many friends

not have it, too. and my little Mary girl went with came. Some folk I never even met

Phebe read the Christmas story heart disease. Oh, please God, before. Brother Halls said some

of Christ's birth to us all this eventake him and end this awful suffervery comforting words, and the ing. We borrowed the book from ing. I can't go through another womenfolk tried to sing, but most

Aunt Hanna. time like this evening. He told us of them broke down and left it for

all goodbye and went clean off Aunt Hanna to go alone. Then we

December 31st but rallied again and looked up at took the coffin in the wagon and

Well, tomorrow starts a new laid my boy to rest. I have two

year. boys up there on the hill now. It

All I can write every day is that seems like I am the one to make the

Heber grows just a little worse. It Mormon graveyard here at Mancos.

is hard to bear. He tells us all not TOKEN Oh, Margaret, I sent our little

to worry because he is not afraid to By Margaret Schaffec Connelly Mary girl on to you and now our die. Just think of a little boy eleven boy, and I do know you will be

years old saying a thing like that Tnto the red sunset and through the darkthere to welcome him. I can say

* night just him. his life beforewith will be done. goose blue wings its way to days that tonight—God's A'ning

said, "Pa, I did want to he Today It about killed putting Phebe bright. are more

grow up to be a man so I could help He honks me a "goodbye"even as he Heber by our little baby Francis.

you when you get old, but I guess Overonwardthe rustlinggoes corn standing in even It was the first time she had been

Enoch will have to be your rightrows. there since the baby died with

hand man now that Jimmie has to whooping cough.

the owl's night hoot as sound of an Comes deaf."to for the the schoolgo away I must round up my shoulders

folds in "I sure long pause, after a then get to there isAnd because work the crib's leaning Around corn of and roof did want to see Lucy grow up too, old tin. a living to make for the ones left

but I guess God wants me."The moon pops out like a huge brass ball here.

From out his cloistered niche behind the rock wall. I guess I'll stop trying to write

January 15th a journal. In reading over what I

1885 And where the goose preened, there lies have written, it sounds too sad. I'll

Today after all the rest were Left onefor blueme featheras token of early winter let God keep the records.

gone to bed, I was sitting with weather! Lafayette Guymon

OCTOBER 1949 647 "V c

All this is said about a wellknown subject beProgress cause the Era staff feels this month a pardonable

To the Era Family pride in the magazine. It is sixteen pages larger

than before, and a modest use of colors enlivens iving things must either progress or retrograde. the pages. We believe that you will appreciate

That is a law of existence. To remain the these improvements. It is planned to make them

same today, tomorrow, and forever is impossible, permanent, until other improvements may be for it would be contrary to the law of existence. added.

Those who have tried to travel an unchanging road The added pages will carry much good material in life have failed. Up or down is the journey of previously crowded out. They will also permit

life. the printing of more material for our youth and

Progress means advancement. He who profor our women readers.

gresses adds knowledge to knowledge; worthy exOf course, we also hope that Era contents as

perience to experience; he grows in selfmastery; a whole will become better than ever.

in living righteously in any environment; in love From its first number the Improvement Era

for his fellow man, and in love of truth. The has progressed. The difficulties and handicaps of

progressing man may be recognized by the inthe years have been overcome largely by the loyal tensity of his love of truth and by his eagerness confidence of the subscribers in the mission and to use discovered truth for further progress. service of the magazine. Modestly may we add

The true objective of life is to make man's endthat the fiftytwo volumes of Era contain an unless journey an upward one. equaled wealth of gospel love and defense. And,

The progress of men is most easily recognized it has always sought to present and interpret quesby their works. When the products or institutions of live interest to Latterday Saints.

tions of men improve, fit more closely the needs of life, and give increasing power to those who So, we are happy to present to you this new is in Era. May it give you the joy it has given us! possess them—then we know that progress the air.—/. A. W

ON THE BOORRACR

(Continued from page 618) those who learn of his life for the first fairy story is the hypothesis, the fundaand is just the kind of person that the time will find a rare experience in bemental tool of scientific work. It rests

spinetingling experiences of the book ing introduced to his life and poetry. entirely on one of the most extrashould happen to. A. L, Z., Jr.—M. C. /. imagination—scienceordinary qualities of thewouldhumannot mind,exist

... with without it. The scientist TO REASON THE ROAD is pioneer the of progress."imaginationEDWIN ARLINGTON ROBINSON Longmans, Green (Lecomte du Noiiy.

(Emery Neff. William Sloane Assoand Company, New York. The book is a valuable one for leadciates, New York. 1948. 1948. 254 pages. $3.50.) ers of youth—but they must be pre286 pages. $3.50.) npHE author of Human Destiny has paredwork slowlyto takeandsomemethodically.of the scientificIf they

'T'his volume in the American Men given to the reader a thoughtdo this, they will find the book an inof Letters Series is a most interestprovoking book that should make man valuable aid to their teaching.

ing contribution to the life of this great stand tall in trying to measure to his

C. /.American poet. The heartbreak that possibilities. Quoting the Greeks, the—M.

accompanied Robinson's insatiable deauthor states: Man is the measure of

sire that for all things, he then adds and he went when to write—even like- A SEA BETWEEN

all inasof things origin is the without a cent at one time yearsten wise

Doubleday, R. Davis. Doran (Lavinia universe his the of as "without man, to shamefrom any much poetry—puts Garden Company, City, New York. just color, as in & easily discouraged neither shape northose has become who

with any chosen work they may folthe absence of a tuned receiving set, 266 pages. $2.00.)

low. Through learning of his life the a broadcast of Beethoven's greatest 'T'his is a story for teenage girls—of

readers will tend to become more unsymphony fades into space unheard, an honestto-goodness teenage girl."The author states that two reqwho meets, faces, and solves, the probderstanding of genius—and its attend-..

ant problems. How he conquered a uisites for the solution of the prolems of her life—not the least of which

bad habit will prove of value to all gram of today are: the accumulation is her "first big romance."Prilly's

who know the value of selfdiscipline. of knowledge and the possession of story is a story of today—and Prilly

Those who love his poetry will find imagination. And he makes a stateherself is a character from a book that

an increasing zest in knowing his life; ment that is of great significance: "This doesn't seem "bookish."A. L. Z., Jr.

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ER 'aetiee

This can best be done by being in communion with 1 is God. Such communion CXXXIX.k. lAJkat Jf6 the Way the source of truth, who

is best established by prayer. Men who successto Jmthl withfully uncoveredsearch out headstruth beforeare prayerful.the unknown.They standThey

nTRUTH is the substance of the Church of Jesus know their own insignificance before the everChrist of Latterday Saints. It is the anchor lasting fount of knowledge. They turn to prayer

and joy of every member of the Church. It is his for help. Then, with desire as the gasoline in

first and last concern. It is the offering of the the engine prayer becomes the ignition; achieving

Church to all the world, and, really, the only one. work is done. On the way to truth, prayer must

It is another name for the gospel of Jesus Christ, be as a constant jubilant cry.

of which the Church is the divinely appointed So armed, the seeker for truth hunts for the custodian. To find the way to truth, and to tread knowledge he wants. He studies all that is known

it, is the most important matter before every inabout the subject, knowing full well that the postelligent person. session of knowledge will lead to more knowledge.

It is not a difficult way. It may be found by anyHe experiments, records, and analyzes, whether

one. But, it makes definite requirements of the in science or religion, until the hopedfor discovery

seeker for truth. is made.

First, it demands that the seeker for truth1 desire If he is a seeker after gospel truth, he asks it with all his might, mind, and strength, A halfcommanding questions: Does the Church accept all

hearted wish will not suffice. It must be a sincere truth? Does it harmonize with the revealed teachdesire. One's whole being must reach out for ings of the Lord? Can it be used in man's everytruth, a fragment of which must be more precious day labor? Does it bring contentment, love, and

than the whole restless, trembling world of untruth. peace into the lives of men? As these and many

Such a desire leads one inevitably to the gates of other questions are answered, truth is revealed truth, a fragment of which must be more precious to him. Religion as well as science must be studied

philosophers, and scientists, who have moved the to be understood. It is well to ask the blatant unworld forward, have been vibrating lovers of believer something about the serious study he has

truth. They have not found this gem of gems acgiven the subject.

cidentally, but it has been revealed to them as the Then, fortified with desire, prayer, and knowlresult of their earnest seeking. They set out with edge, the seeker for truth tries out that which he

the power of desire in their souls, and victory was has found. Truth is not fully established until it

assured. To such, truth cannot be denied. It comes is put to the test of practice. That is, truth must

to them with a "great wakening light,"as servant be obeyed to be fully known. This is the elemenand friend. Wherever the searcher goes, if desire tary certification of truth. This may be the

attend him, truth is found. The Prophet Alma most difficult requirement made of the truth

has formulated the thought, '* 2., he granteth unto seeker. Traditions, appetites, and what not may

men according to their desire."clash with discovered truth. The smoker finds

Many a mighty but "stubborn soul has haunted the Word of Wisdom difficult; the lover of money

the moorlands of life because it refused to yield looks doubtfully upon the principle of tithing;

itself to the desire for truth. It would rather feed though the value of both commandments has been

upon its own wilfulness. Many a simple, but ferestablished. But, without obedience to it, truth

vent soul, asking for truth above all else has won slips away, is forgotten, and becomes valueless the kingship of a happy understanding among the in life. By the practice of discovered truth, man's

restless multitude. The will for truth leads man desire, prayer, and knowledge are given the acid

farther than the possession of powerful physical test. It takes courage to "live the truth."

or mental strength. The first requisite in finding These, then, are the steps on the way to truth:

the way to truth is a consuming desire to know Desire, prayer, study, and practice. They form

things as they really are. Joseph Smith and Brigthe eternal price which must be paid for truth.

ham Young had such desire. Had the world the This way must be found by each person for

will for truth, the children of men would soon himself. Another cannot desire, pray, study, or

attain peace. practise in our stead and for us. Truth must be

The lover of truth will seek for help in his won individually.

truth. First, will the source search. of turn to he truth to is the to a This testimony way way of truth for discovering process is a search The of the restored of truth of gospel the Christ. Jesus

light into places. of throwing dark the unknown,

it! fails It it travel those sincerely. never Try who

readers. of several the request at * Presented

in from part Widtsoe, In Search 1Adapted of Truth, p. 112* Those who live most, live by truth.

2Alma 29:4.—J. A. W.

OCTOBER 1949 649 THE FORI ON THE FIRING LINE (Continued from page 639) until it seemed only sane and sensigiven amount of time was forfeited.

"Wasn't Hatch shot to death in ble to go there and give his inThe system was rich with possibili- a card game on Peter's Hill?"vestment personal attention. Also ties of unpleasant misunderstandHaskell demanded, and Mike adhe may have considered it no longer ings even with good Indians, but

mitted in a low grunt that it was necessary for the people to huddle with bad Indians it was a handy so. "Wasn't Tuvagutts killed by together, since they had seen fit to leverage for all kinds of mischief.

lightning on the Jump near the move out of the fort. A Navajo known as Old Eye,

Cribs?"Barton was a man of unusual from having lost one eye when a

Mike hung his head still lower. strength and energy, large and flying gad struck him several years

He remembered it. magnetic, a talented builder and before, had worked often for Barton

"Where's Sanop's oldest boy?"mechanic, and just the kind of man at Rincone, and had often looked

and Haskell's black eyes were borto develop a new country. With longingly at the display of attracing right into Mike's tortured soul, untiring effort he built a neat, comtive goods in the store. When he

"Yes, you do know he went back to his little sheep herd in know—you

died in prison. And you know his the reservation, he somehow evolved

brother was killed by some of your HARVEST PROMISE the wild notion of carrying the people in the big rocks south of goods away from the store. This

McElmo. Norgwinup's boys douBy Enna Nielsen James idea was no doubt inflamed, if not

bled up and died like poisoned rats; "DOR mile on mile they flaunt their tawny really suggested in the first place,

Bob died; Grasshopper was killed. * heads, by a certain young bully with a

fields tasseled corn of and that wave thieves, of The every one wereThey for the keen bad face, who was spread in like a littlethem, just you, and hilltops Rincone and the remote meet sky and venture. was and To where

while you are going to follow them."kiss; unprotected, and they could get

These things had not happened TheyDisplaynodwithand whisperpride theas lavishwe passgiftsthemtheyby; far away before anyone came after

at once, but they had come since bear them. Better still, they could do it

their leafy rustling garments'Within his solemn warnHaskell sounded in seem such they would a way that folds;—

ing. every one about knew Mike to that robHowever, be justified. care; Father's thoughtful of a tokens Rich

of them, and he stood speechless in Reminder—THIS the Pilgrims'"Promised bery notion got such a hold on Old

dread contemplation. Land."Eye, who had been a friend to

"You won't have use for any Barton from the day of their first thousand dollars,"Haskell pursued, acquaintance, he planned with the intensifying Mike's terror of immodious home from the crooked young bully to rob the store, and pending doom. "Dead men let the logs he could find along the river, their plan looked neater in anticipamoney fall out of their fingers."and he made an attractive store tion than it ever looked as a fact.

blacksmith building, warehouse, old the another word Without early morning one Tt was in May substantial convenother shop, and gazed turned away, and Mikeman that Navajos up the two came in iences. devised a treadmill He after while he himdespairingly

licked his wide lips and closed his which he had a donkey lift water from the river to Barton's place on to shelf him asked and go with from the river for his wellkept the his to baffling emotions withmouth store. into said the them Old Eye garden. light the beforespeech. Sometime he wanted to redeem some jewelry

of the following morning, he folRincon, in Spanish, means "corwhich had been pawned there by lowed a blind trail on the slope toner."This corner is formed by the his squaw. The bully accompanied

wards Navajo Mountain. rightangle junction of Comb Reef him, and when they got in the store,

'"Phe store which William Hyde with the gorge of the San Juan Old Eye demanded the return of began at Rincone, ten miles River. It is the corner from which the jewelry, offering for it nothing

down the river from Bluff, had been the travelworn company from as a renewal of the pawn but a slowly growing in prosperity in Holein-theRock had so much broken pistol of small or doubtful spite of Erastus Snow's ban on trouble getting out in the spring of value, which Barton refused.

isolated dwellings. Amasa Barton 1880. Barton's operations in this Precedent had given the storemarried William Hyde's daughter, cliffbound rincon began to make man full right to refuse anything

Parthenia, and became interested the very name a suggestion of neatoffered in exchange, but Old Eye in the store. In 1885, Barton beness and beauty, for at his artistic was vitiated with eagerness for

came the owner of the store; at least touch the junction presented a the robbery and had lost the good

he became the manager and the unique and pleasing contrast to the will of their former associations.

clerk, and he moved there with his bald, gray cliffs all around. Being in prearranged accord with

wife and child to attend to the His store like others of its kind, his companion of the bad face, he business. ran a pawn business instead of a objected hatefully to all of Barton's

In taking this dangerous step credit account. A Navajo could offers, while the young fellow

Barton was not acting in defiance of pawn a gun, saddle, or anything waited silently for the situation to any standard set up for the safety else at a stipulated value, and draw develop as planned. Barton detected

of the colony. From becoming ingoods up to that limit. The pawn something very wrong, but he knew

terested in a small way, he had ascould be renewed with a stipulated no fear, and he never became a sumed one obligation after another deposit, but anything left after a victim to excitement.

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The disagreement was still but subsequent events proved, he and the little town which would an unpleasant simmer when Mrs. dropped dead. now be equally in danger.

Barton called him to breakfast, and Although the bully had slackened Mrs. Barton gave Old Cheepoots

the storeman, following his custom his rope to use the pistol, Barton fifteen dollars to ride like mad with took his two customers to eat with had not recovered from the choking a note to Bluff—to ride faster than

him. When they had satisfied their to know he was free to move, or to he had ever ridden before. The

appetites, they returned with him realize what was going on. Seeing old Indian took the money, sprang

to the store and renewed their conhis terrible blunder, the bully thrust to the back of his cayuse, and vantention where they had laid it down. his pistol against Barton's head and ished.

Becoming aware that the trouble fired, and was about to fire again The women got the other Piutes in the store was reaching a dangerwhen Mrs. Hyde pushed him away. to help carry Barton to the house

ously high pitch, Mrs. Barton went At this he rushed around the store and lay him on a couch under a

over and asked what she could do building to see what had happened shed by the door. He was not

to help. She had recently become to his oneeyed companion, and dead; he seemed to be partly conmother of her second child and what he found made him more a scious, but the bullets entering the

was hardly fit to be out of bed, fiend than before. Returning with back of his head had lodged beand her husband was annoyed that frantic stride, he thrust the old lady hind his eyes and made him blind.

she should walk so far, so he asroughly away, and shot the prosThe women gazed often in ansured her he was perfectly able to trate man again in the crown of the guish of suspense at that boat across handle the situation, and he asked head. the river, and sent their despairing

her to go back to the house. The mischief was done! The reglance hopefully to the sandhills

like in reservation the port would be where Cheepoots disapOld had directed, as returned she She but in the blaze grass. a dry peared. But begin looking whystill listened, watched and she and bully the shouldered body The there so soon? couldn't yet He also instinct her keen byknew his of staggered companion and mile a got have away be and would terriblethat something about was

it shelf to the with from down his a picking along the dangerous way into store. the happen Conat water's the edge. boat Getting cliff trail the river. over the above pistolcealing apron, her under to the side the south corpse he fate his in Their hands, hangwasshe even went were a again—matters it to the ran, and on sand dumped his ing on honor. Poshonor—Piute she than expected, yet hadworse

in a of cottongrove disappear sibly that attribute of an was minus sight pistol that the ofshe knew report of course would woods. He his quantity. had money, and He unless shewould used no good do

his the that people to Mormon as slowly might he as pleased go he it at with deadly accuracy. once

storeman had murdered Old Eye. or not go at all, feeling sure thatShe hesitated, and then ran back Piutes other Cheepoots and Old left at to one no be would Rincone toin desperation the house where

affair the withwhole watched had accuse or him. his blame Possibly mother, waitedher Mrs. with Hyde,

part, to them, taking out any and fall its cayuse in would headlong children.the two small

the desperate Mrs. Barton and her inordinate haste and break its legs

Barton had tried to put the two mother turned for help. With her among the big rocks. Possibly their

fellows out of the store, a task to fate was hanging on a race between which he was fully equal physically, that redhanded bully, and the best but the bully, with treacherous AUTUMN POOL old Cheepoots could get out of his preparation, had lassoed him around By Webb Dycus thin yellow pony. The old man

the neck, jerked him down on the HPhe pool is frosted now with fallen might run his horse to death and counter, and was choking him to * leaves; still fail to have someone at Rincone

floor, cold, untroubled mirrored on itsunconsciousness. And

are caught creampuff clouds and before the women and babies would Two When the terrified women heard loosely held be butchered.

a shot, Mrs. Hyde ran to see what Within the branches of a sycamore. In one of their fearful glances at

had happened. They had dragged Above the water, whimsically dipping, the boat and at the cottonwoods

in butterfly waltzes by: yellow into counter over the Barton A and the bully disappeared, they where

finds it signally she I think amusing where unconhe lay the doorway tall Navajos coming with saw six sail picture sky! the along above To

scious, face downward, and Old rapid stride. Their step suggested

Eye jumped astride his back to anger, violence. With but a passing

hold him while the bully got a two babies, the youngest little more glance at the prostrate body of Old pistol into action. The shot the than a week old, they were there Eye, they quickened their movewomen had heard had apparently alone at the mercy of the soonto-be ments, piled into the boat, rowed

gone wild, and the bully was in a enraged nation of Navajos. Their with quick stroke of oar to the

state of great excitement. Mrs. nearest friends, very few in numnorth bank and headed up the hill

Hyde's appearance upset him all ber, and with no power to meet a to the stricken home where the the more, and raising the pistol horde of furious savages, were up agonized women waited. Could it

quickly, he fired, missing his mark the river at Bluff, ten miles away be possible that help from Bluff was again, but hitting Old Eye near ten long miles over rocks and sand anywhere near to save them? No,

the heart. to her nearest friends, and inthinking about it calmly, they knew

Old Eye jumped from Barton's definitely farther to any adequate the old man could be no more than back and ran round to the back help! It would take at least ten halfway at best.

of the store building where as days to bring a force to protect her (To be continued

OCTOBER 1949 651 jramim cJLl $4m Aowld <i win9 LIGHT FOR LIVING

(L*aitk Jhepherd e 9 &5u3 Lamplighting time comes early from the seeing task is a good rule these fall evenings, and someto remember for arranging your times it would be very satisfylamps. If you place lamps to the

ing to capture armfuls of the wonside of your furniture, you will not derful outdoor light and scatter it be facing the light when you sew lavishly through every dark corner or read. Avoid shadows! Light

of the home. Nature took thousands should come from the side opposite

of years to develop our eyes for the hand being used.

n& outdoor distance seeing, but with And you can highlight reading the advent of the printing press in bed by placing the lamp in the Because the nutritional requirecame the demand for closerange corner near the head of the bed, ments of babies vary widely, there can be no one formula that eye work, and we have brought where light is reflected from both is best for all babies. This is why our eyes indoors to study, work, walls. This will greatly increase

we do not publish formulas. and play. the light falling on the book.

Only your doctor is qualified While you are trimming your Dust and dirt can waste light to tell you how to prepare your lamps, take time to contemplate be sure your fixtures are clean.

after formula. baby's Soon baby that only people two in a hun- "eyedeal"homelighting The

full direcarrives give he will you vision, perfect have dred into consideration the takes and system adjust regularly then tions and the formula to baby's changing that the fundamental purpose of right height of lamps to give maxineeds. lamps is to make lighting easier mum light under all working conWhen he prescribes Special and safer. Lamps for study ditions, and the wattage of bulbs

Morning Milk he knows that work should be equipped with which will prevent strain; for inextra care is given to the producshades large enough to give a stance, a floor lamp placed at rear

tion of this evaporated milk that good spread of light, and you will of the davenport, chairs, or at is produced especially for babies. find when choosing a lining for your keyboard side of the piano should

He knows, coo, that Special shade that lightcolored ones give be 4649 inches in height (measured

Morning Milk is fortified with the best possible reflection. All from floor to bottom of shade), with

to extra vitamins A and D help bare lamp bulbs should be shaded, a shade 1620 inches in diameter, tooth promote bone proper and development. for unshaded bulbs produce a and should carry a bulb of 150You can be glad that your baby harmful glare, and they are waste300 watts. But a pinup lamp for

is a Special Morning Milk baby! ful where downward light is deuse in the kitchen, at telephone

sired. Even so, it is best that tables, or at each side of mirror

shades be left open at the top so with center of shade at face level, that some of the light may be rerequires only a 60100 watt bulb flected upward and outward; the and no diffusing bowl. These lamps

effect is a more even distribution of are usually placed 4856 inches light. above the floor. Obtain a complete

Light may be reflected glaringly chart from ycur light company.

from glossy desk surfaces, in which Lighting should not be confined case it may be diffused through an to one spot but distributed over approved diffusing bowl. Silverwide areas. Lighting experts tell

bowl lamp bulbs will also cut out us that in the future the architect direct glare and provide indirect will consider lighting an important decoration, that he 9fieeicd lighting. part of home

Homeservicing your eyes also will use light as "material,"just as plastics, wood, he now uses demands thoughtful care in placing considered Light draperies. will be

will light so that lamps maximum MORNING and "not as a bright spot coming from needed. it is most delivered where be

a Often this can be accomplished by one point in the room, but as whole1 surfaces glowing like the sky."MILK placing lamps closer to furniture

groupings they are intended to light.

Not more than twentyfour inches better Vision Institute Bulletin, November 1946.

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW LAMPSHADES Your washing machine

FROM OLD needs this help! By Katherine Dissinger

Whendoor consideringhobbies this creativefall, givein-a thought to your lampshades. You may be satisfied with your

A crisp new shade, you know, will washing machine or automatic washefj give the whole room a lift. New But many other women have

shades are quite expensive, but learned—even without our advice

those old ones can be recovered at—that their washers turn out

a fraction of the cost of new ones.

Too, by recovering these old cleaner, sweetersmelling clothes shades, it is possible to select colors, with the help of FelsNaptha Soap.

fabrics, and trimmings which "set off"the lamps perfectly and harmonize with your other furnishings.

One homemaker recently refurbished all her shades, covering a drumshaped lampshade with pale blue and white striped wallpaper and trimming it with scalloped paper edging, tying it in with the scalloped window valances. Crystal

dressing table lamps were topped with pinkpleated organdy shades

The reason is plain. FelsNaptha is not

tied that with ribbon winecolored a synthetic, chemical "quickie."It is more chintzthematched wine in the

covered chair. A stretched silk than an "average"laundry soap,

shade was finished with handFels-Naptha is mild, golden soap braided edging. A modern lamp blended with active NAPTHA—the fast

boasted a big boxy shade covered gentle cleaning agent whose extra with gleaming metallic paper. Twin dirtremoving action is a proven fact.

pinup lamps flanking black and white silhouette pictures were edged with eyelet beading through which black ribbon was run. All gay and

crisp with her own clever touches that made them doubly charming!

Use this safe, thorough soap in your washer and you'll see an immediate

? * * 1 f i ft f

i i! lit 1! I uvj improvement.wonderful laborsavingRemember—device.you own a

You can make it an even more wonderful means of getting clothes

I* completely, fragrantly clean.

m.-, \*s /. * Just give it the help it needs

golden FelsNaptha Soap—preferably

the nonsneeze FelsNaptha Soap Chips.

SDrumsAapec/sAaa'e eoverea tvif/i sfrtpeawaffp&perfint'sAea wif/2 sca/lqpea ec/g/stg? of

RECOVERING PAPER WADEbvfelsIN PHIIAa CO

SHADES FOR EXTRA CLEANING ACTION USE

Darchment, metallic, or novelty paper, as well as heavy drawing FelsNaptha Soap paper for lining, can be bought at MILD, GOLDEN SOAP AND ACTIVE NAPTHA (Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1949 653 New lampshades from Old To make the pleated outside,

WESTERN LOCKERAP HOLDS; (Continued from preceding page) choose stiff paper or mount wallpaper or novelty paper or even

;THE 'Pxtrfway "FLAVOR! a stationer's or art store, as can fabric on paper stiffening (a large gummed paper or passepartout

OF fiboz&*e/7We&7s tape. And don't forget that leftsheetstrip ofthreedrawinginchespaper).deeper Cutthana

FISH, FOWL over wallpaper or shelf paper can original shade and long enough to used. be Paste is by mixing made reach times two and onehalf around AND GAME

little a cornstarch cold with water, its circumference. both under Turn

adding hot water and cooking to top and bottom edges with a onethe consistency of mayonnaise. A half inch hem and sew or crease in

is helpful brush in applying. place. Use a ruler to mark off one

1. Recovering a drumshaped inch measures along top and bottom

I Western 1 shade. edges. Fold pleats, using a straightMeasure the circumference and edge to bend the edge of each pleat locke depth of the shade with tape measevenly. Press with a warm iron.

ure to determine how long a paper Paste or sew an overlap seam.

strip is needed to cover. Add onePunch holes in the middle of

WESTERN LOCKERAP iocfes in half inch to form a flat seam overlay each pleat, from two to four inches strip. at the juices color natural flavorful of end of the and Cut strip top the from bottom edges, deand

fish, frozen meats, fowl Guard game. and after straight marking edges with size the shade. of the pending on tasterobbing cuts choice against your

moisture loss with the waxed paper a ruler. Run the cord through, place the

for this expressly designed purpose lining Wrap Cut paper the same dimenpleated piece the shade around and lockers. freezers or rented...in home in sion circumference but inches two in little cords bows. and tie draw up

in greater for turning depth over. for -perfect plus protection your For It tie to or the necessary be sew may

freezerstored meats, First, WESTERN lining to paste inside of shade lining to intervals at the paper cord 20"/ prohas more added LOCKERAP the with extra inch to turned down assurtective coating. This added means floss in place. to dental with keep

ance that your fresh meats will retain the outside edges at both top and natural darts where LOCKERAPjuices nowand sealscolor...WESTERNmore securely bottom, snipping neat

than ever before against flavorstealing the spokes come and as necessary subzero air. You save as it seals. to make the paper lie flat to the

outside. Then paste the outside WESTERN LOCKERAP is now available at

your grocer's or locker plant in buff and the paper strip in place.

new pearlywhite full bleached roll. If desired, trkn the shade with a f yCT scalloped paper edging or with flat

braid.

2. Recovering with any tapershaped shade with paper.

The preceding directions are followed when recovering any tapershaped shade, whether it be round, rectangular, or hexagonal in shape. instead However, of measuring to determine the cutting pattern, RECOVERING FABRIC

do this: Mark starting place with SHADES

FREE colorful guide to help pencil on shade and paper, twirl you prepare, protect and preserve your quickfrozen the shade slowly on the paper, outPerhaps the scrap bag will profoods. Ask for it at your lining the shape of both top and vide the material for recovering

grocer's or locker plant. bottom edges as you turn. (Figure the shade. Cottons such as cham-

1. ) Continue to roll shade on paper bray, poplin, muslin, or chintz make

until the starting mark is again crisp, serviceable shades. For your

reached. Add onehalf inch for the nicest lamps, you may want to use

flat overlap* at the end. Cut lining silk, nylon, rayon, or taffeta. Rayon

two inches greater in depth. or nylon make a good lining. And

Paste lining and outside in place, there are a wealth of trimmings to as above, snipping darts as necesselect from—braids, ruffling, and

sary and where the spokes come. fringes from the dime or department

The edges may be finished with upstore.

holstery braid or fringe or gummed paper passepartout tape. Milliner's glue is used when gluing braid or trimming to the fabric

it does not strike through WESTERN WAXED PAPER CO. 3. Pleated shape for tapershaped because

PORTLAND LOS ANGELESSAN LEANDRO form. as does paste or ordinary glue.

Cut lining paper and paste in Dental floss is excellent for sewing place as previously described. [Continued on page 656)

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ALL TOP QUALITY ALL GUARANTEED Immediate BIG BULB OFFER

Delivery (j fdoMXi V size... not little bulbs or bulblets. They're the blooming The bulbs in these offers are large

pick of the crop from the nation's best bulb growers in the Pacific Northwest. Fisher's selected

these quality bulbs because they want you to be as pleased. with these offers as you are with

Zoom, another outstanding Northwest product. These values are unsurpassed! All offers are

guaranteed.

Save through your Zoom Bargain No. 1 purchase of

This outline SPRING GARDEN COLLECTION'instantcooking actual size for Vail Planting daffodil 1 Golden Trumpet Daffodils bulbs 2 Fragrant Narcissus 2 Scarlet Flowering Tulips 6 Bulbous Iris (Orchidlike blooms) 6 Crocus (first spring blossoms) 18 Vigorous Healthy Bulbs whole wheat for the $1.70 Retail Value whole family

ONLY < and ZOOM boxtop, postpaid 50. N Zoom Bargain No. 2 Zoom Bargain No. 3

LITTLE GARDEN GOLDEN TRUMPET GROUP DAFFODILS 1 Golden Trumpet 5 Spring Crocus Bulbs size of outline above WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL

Daffodil 4 Bulbous Iris $1.75 Retail Value

2 Poet's Narcissus 12 BIG HEALTHY BULBS

A starter of fine bulbs for big blooms next easy to grow. spring—all

border ( Colorful assortment ) 4*-) wm > (f and ZOOM boxtop, 90c Retail Value 12 Firstgrade Bulbs Mt& postpaid 50 Product of the Fisher Flouring Mills Plant NOW for giant Spring blooms! Company, Seattle, Wash.

Zoom Bargain No. 4

Exclusive! BONDED BULBS

Finest quality Choice Varieties ORDER PLANT Labeled Easyto-grow NOW C2>Lb Vkis CoKxxxyv now

Any soil Any climate Bulb Gardeners AllSendbulbsfor aseasymanytobargaingrow andoffersguaranteedas you like.to Plantingplease. Immediateinstructions delivery.with all

Narcissus Collection orders.ordered. IncludeSend for1 allZoom4 offers.boxtop (or facsimile) for each bargain offer

Exhibition Blooms For ( Enclosed is $ CASH; CHECK; ORDER) MONEY Alfred—rich yellow, Daffodils—King 3

9X frilled curved and and boxtops for which postpaidsend me ZOOM 3 Daffodils—Orange Glow—magnificent

blooms 3 Narcissus—Lady Diana Manners Zoom Bargain No. 1 @ 50c Zoom Bargain No, 2 @ 35c Z

(white, red cup) 3 Narcissus—Early Perfection Zoom Bargain No. 3 @ 50c Zoom Bargain No. 4 @ $1.00 <aI

cluster (delicate type) YOUR NAME Narcissus Thalia 1 New (PRINT IF CONVENIENT) $2.00 Retail Value * plus ADDRESS.. p

Zoom 13 BULBS Only CITY ZONE STATE! 1 boxtop

MAIL ORDER TO: THE PLANT HOUSE, DEPT. I E,MT. VERNON, WASHINGTON

OCTOBER 1949 655

New lampshades from Old

[row. 654) page (Continued

a wire frame in shade to OK Bishop! but a fabric

that it is strong and does not cut give me 90 seconds through tightly stretched fabric.

Stretch fabric shade for a shade, or a taperdrum-shaped To Wash the Dishes or a goredsection shaped shade, shade with only a slight flare. (If

"I'll iust stack 'em in the DISH-A-MATIC the shade has a wide flare, it is and grab my hat! I don't even have to necessary to cut separate panels and

pre -rinse 'emj"... seam together over each wire

spoke, ) The edges are to be finished with ruffling, braid, or fringe.

The only dishwasher that REALLY washes Make a paper cutting pattern by dishes because it's the only dishwasher following directions for covering that PREHEATS builtin water heater!it's own waterwith a the papercovered shade of the type

180 are working temperature The melts lipstick, peayou on—drumshaped,

butter, nut waxes and greases—Pasteurizes an extra Allow tapershaped. cleans! as it

Because it uses water 40 hotter, the inch at top and bottom for both

DISH-A-MATIC "water scrubbing"is ableactionto thatuse cana gentlernever the lining and outside and onehalf harm your most delicate china! inch at the ends. Lay the paper

Even your drying. prerinsing—no No finest pattern on the bias of the material crystal spotlessly sparkling, comes out

APEX DISH-A-MATIC clean—in less than one half hour! and cut. Seam the outside piece,

"The dishwasher that REALLY washes dishes taking a onefourth inch seam.

Place the outside piece over the

See Your Local APEX Dealer or wire frame and smooth around, GLENN EARL, Incorporated, DISTRIBUTORS pinning at both top and bottom 245 South 1st West Salt Lake City edges as you go, adjusting the pins carefully. Roll fabric around the

wire frame and sew in place with over and over stitches. ( Figure 2.

Seam the lining, place inside

to the outside, turn under raw edges CREAMED TUNA shade, pin in place over wire frame and fell in place with tiny over and a la Secretary overliningstitches.where theSnipspokesneat dartscomein andthe

Try this wnoafternoon-letdraw a little bias piece with the down"lunch today... made edges folded in around the spoke,

with new and exclusive catching the ends in your stitching. This whipstitching on the

right side of the shade is to be covered with braid, ruffling, or fringe. Take care not to catch the

(mtecC TCf/lffi Creamed tuna made with this famous quality tuna is a satis-

H+Hf*> fying food but not a "heavy"one... gives you the nourishment you need, with no 3

o'clock fas! \

** J-T SOYBEAN!ADDED eyiOZ.AVOiK-C NJ EJElR

GRATEDTUNA inside lining when whipstitching.

Use milliner's glue to attach decorTrademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif ations.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2. Slipcover shade.

This shade can be made on an unlined wire frame if a rather heavy fabric such as plain or printed glazed chintz is used. If a sheer

material or a gleaming plasticcoated fabric is used, first line the frame "Today wm with paper or cloth.

Cut the fabric four and onehalf he walked alone"inches deeper than the wire frame and twice as long as the circumferThe day you write this is a big ence of the lower edge. Seam ends day for your baby—and a

together. Sew a halfinch hem happy day for you. It means

along the bottom edge. Fold in that the tiny, delicate little beone-eighth inch at top edge, then ing, who lay so lightly in your

fold down two inches. Stitch arms a few months ago, is on

along hem edge. Stitch along onethe way to sturdy childhood. It

half inch above this stitching to means his bones—babysoftmake a casing. Cut slots midway such a little while ago—have

along the casing, run ribbons grown strong enough to take him on his first venture on his through. Place on the shade frame own two feet.

with casing just below the top edge Of course, your baby's of wire frame. Draw ribbons tight growth depends largely

and tie in bows. on the things you do

chiefly on the kind of 3. Circular shade. milk you give him.

This graceful shade is cut cirIs it safe milk, easy cularly, the top and bottom edges to digest, and rich trimmed with lamp shade ruffling. in all the food

It should be made of stiff or stiffsubstances that the milk makeened fabric, or fabric should be used permost nearly over pliofilm for the necessary stifffect food?

ness.

To make this shade, measure depth of frame with tape measure, carry tape across top opening and down other side, then add three inches cirfor the diameter of the Sego Milk is that Kind of Milk this diameter, cut acle. Using

large circle of fabric. Trim out a Always easy for babies to digest. Always uniformly rich in the

center circle onehalf inch smaller food substances of whole milk. Always as safe, in its sealed conthan the top of the shade. Cut

pliofilm the same size and sew bottainer, as if there were no germ of disease in the world.

tom edges together at the same And one thing more: your baby needs an adequate amount oftime the ruffling is sewed on. Sew

the inner circle edges to top wire of vitamin D, the sunshine vitamin, combined with the minerals the frame, rolling over the top wire of whole milk, to help him build straight, strong bones and as you overcast. Glue or sew sound teeth, and to make the best of growth. Sego Milk conruffling in place along the top edge.

in pure crystalline form, in theTo hold folds of shade in place, tains vitamin D stitch them to lower frame at threefull amount doctors say his milk should contain.

or fourinch intervals, using tiny over and over stitches. With all these qualities Sego Milk, the first evaporated milk in the intermountain west, a standard of

highest quality for more than 45 years, costs less generally than any other form of milk.

Free To Mothers!

This beautiful 64page illustrated book that makes it easier for you to care for and train your baby. Send for your free copy of this

helpful book today. Address Dept. E-ll.

sections mt4 JapersJapec/j/tacfe wafTpa/xr; CO. PRODUCTS rape SEGO MILK ofexquisiteusitti/towered/?axsear/otsf cdfes/cm'stec/ Salt Lake City, Utah

OCTOBER 1949 657 accaoi [ono aoE WONDERFUL! That's the reaction to this Punch for the Party

great new phonograph "TpHE Halloween punch bowl has 1 quart apple juice record become almost as traditional as a Tiethin cinnamon,small bag allspice,and boil andfifteenclovesminutesinto popcorn and pumpkin pie. Everywith sugar and water. Remove the bag,

JESSIE EVANS SMITH one enjoys a cool, refreshing drink cool the liquid, and add apple juice. Chill

with the at a dance or party, and the num-'justand servebeforecold,serving.or heatServe(but doin notmugsboil)or

SALT LAKE ber of fruit drinks which can be small glasses. Nutmeg may be added,

is as endless in variety as or slices of orange. TABERNACLE CHOIR prepared

it is in goodness. Grape Punch

singing Fruit juice punches may be slight- 1 quart grape juice juice raspberry cup Y trouble "THE ly more than expense and KING OF GLORY"juice (any other fresh juices cup cherry Y hath ("He that clean hands and favorites, their a pure heart.") other but as value be used) may

and foods makes them highly desirable Add water to taste. Serve with a thin

"BEHOLD, 'TIS EVENTIDE"whenever liquid refreshment is slice of orange and maraschino cherry.

(solo only) served. Plain fruit juices, served Fruitade for Fifty

Accompanied by Alexander Schreiner without added sugar, provide the 4 cups brown sugar 12"semiflex record $1.31 ideal punch for children's parties 2 quarts water

At your dealer or direct from and other small gatherings. HowJuiceJuice ofof 1810 largelemonsoranges

ever, when juices are mixed and 2 cups pineapple juice or other fruit juice

RECORDING ARTS, INC. diluted to serve large crowds, the Boil brown sugar and water 2 minutes.

19 West South Temple St. addition of small amounts of sugar Cool. Add fruit juices. Add 2 to 4

Salt Lake City 1, Utah adds flavor. Use it sparingly. Let quarts icecold water, and just before

PRODUCERS OF THESE POPULAR ALBUMS the fruit flavors predominate water.serving Keepadd 4 cold.quartsCutunflavoredfruit (strawberries,carbonated

Seven Immortal Hymns $3.95 These recipes from How To Be bananas, pineapple) may be added to the

Joseph Smith's Story 5.05 Well, by Leah D. Widtsoe, will call fruit syrup if desired.

My Picture Book of Songs 3.95 for seconds from your party crowd. Orange Surprise

Utah customers add 2% sales tax. Ingredients may be increased to 3 quarts orange juice

aoi 30E30E SOE30E meet needs of your party. 1 quart carbonated water

Whipped cream Goblin Punch Mix the orange juice and soda water at

Y cup brown sugar serving time, and top each glass with a 2 cups water spoonful of whipped cream. MAMIE P. CALL'S 2 grated lemon rind teaspoons

NEW NOVEL 2 small sticks cinnamon Orange Ambrosia 4 whole cloves 4 cups orange juice 3 cups orange juice juice

1 cup pineapple juice juice Y1 cupcup lemongrapefruit 10 thin slices or half slices unpeeled orange 4 qts. gingerale

6 to 8 cups apple juice Cold water and sugar to taste

Boil together sugar, water, lemon rind, Into a large chilled punch bowl put two cinnamon, and cloves for two minutes. Add quarts orange ice or sherbet. Pour the

orange and pineapple juices and orange punch mixture over sherbet when ready slices. Chill. Mix with apple juice before to serve.

Here is a story serving. Halloween Punch

in rich romance Frost Julep Jack face each jack-o'-lantern on Prepare a realism, and 1 fresh mint (chopped) bunch cut enough pumpkin; large side of very a portraying the

cloves 6 whole bowl; insert small punch a to the top from exciting experiences

sticks 2 small cinnamon for it recipe Orange the above serve in spirited of a boiling 2 water cups Ambrosia. Welsh maiden who

juice orange 2 cups finds herself an juice lemon cup unwilling pioneer of Y sugar cup brown Y the west, of instead a 1 diced peeled and orange concert York New LEAVES PRESERVING pineapple diced cup Yi entertainer she as cherries maraschino diced cup J4 anticipated. enAn Dissinger Kathetine By 1 juice white grape quart

... grossing novel

1 water carbonated quart readable, poignant and fascinating. Add mint, cloves, and cinnamon to boil- \\7hy not bring some of the beautiing water and let stand till cold. Strain. fully colored autumn leaves injuice, sugar. juice, lemon and orange

bookstore, or at your order Add for to decoration? the house They fruit till dissolves. Stir diced sugar Add mail! Printed Deseret by by

Chill. in juice. serving, centerpieces, beautifully Before combine grape and Publishing Co. News

quart carbonated cold water add one and table. in baskets, or mantle on To

taste. to Into put each glass water spoon- a

In preserve them a carddo this: ful of orange ice or sherbet, and pour AUTHOR,

it. thin alternate layers over of board box P. O. Box 1923, Salt Lake City, Utah punch

Please send me copies Spiced Apple Juice borax and layers of leaves until all "Lady Laura,"at $2.75. 1 3-inch stick cinnamon, mashed the leaves have been covered. Let

cloves Address. the borax wipe each leaf and sugar off cup brown

floor liquid with Y61 whole wax. cup waterVName 3 whole allspice stand for two or three days; shake J

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Anachronisms and the For a pleasant change, serve Book of Mormon your family this special dish. Style main Chinese page {Continued 644) from

finer, milder, it with Make their existence imof, nor isspoken it's because StarKist Tuna plied. the smaller tuna..."the bestWhen giving relative values which tasting tuna in all the world"

obtained in the Nephite monetary You can taste the difference!

system ( see Alma 11), any statement concerning or involving a decimal principle would have been wellnigh fatal to the claim that the Book of Mormon records are a translation from ancient historical writings. Decimals, as we

understand and use them, were not invented until after the beginning of StarKist the Christian era. The Book of

- Guaranteed ingive not does even anMormon Solid PaCK I Buy Good Housekeeping1 J TUNA CHOW MEIN relative of value thetimation of any Style, Sivmt or Chunk piece of the Nephite money when comServe 4 to 6 for only $1.14 StarKist Quality is the Same!

pared with some specified coin of

America or England. 1. Quarter and separate sections of 1 mediumsize onion and cook with:

No weekday names occur in X cup green pepper strips and 1% cups sliced celery in X cup butthe book. Not one of the names ter (or margarine) 3 minutes.

of the days of the week as they are 2. Add: 1 cup hot water, 1 tsp. salt, cover and cook 5 minutes.

now used is traceable to an original 3. Add: 1 #H can StarKist Fancy Solid Pack (or Chunk Style) Tuna

Hebraic source. Names of months are broken into large pieces, and 1 No. 2 can Chow Mein vegetables,

not given in the Nephite records. The drained. Heat thoroughly, then..

naming of them was unknown to the 4. Combine and stir into above: 1 tbsp. cold water, 1% tbsps. cornancient Israelites. Special days or starch, 2 tbsps. soy sauce, X tsp. granulated sugar.

seasons of Christian Church observ- 5. Cook 1 minute longer. Serve over fried noodles or rice.

ance are all passed in silence. Easter,

Lent, and not a few others receive no Free Tiina Recipe Book... Makes menu planning easy

mention. Write StarKist Tuna, Terminal Island, California, Dept. 10-E r,

Watches and clocks are not referred to; neither are the hours of the

day as measured by such instruments.

No mention is made of cannons, rifles, muskets, shot, shell, or ammunition.

No reference is made to modern medical practices. Diseases under

modern names are not spoken of;

neither are modern drugs mentioned.

Names of modern beverages do not occur, as tea, coffee, or chocolate.

No modern geographical names are used. No place is located by means of

latitude and longitude. This convenient and accurate system first came

into use about A. D. 382.

When writing largely as he did of the Lamanites, who for centuries have been known to Englishspeaking peoples as Indians, and whom he in his younger days knew by no other appellation, how does it happen, if the

Book of Mormon be fictitious, that

Joseph Smith never once substitutes the name "Indians"for "Lamanites"?

No reference is made to trial by jury.

There is a different point of view from which this matter of what had been left out of the Book of Mormon is to be considered. Reference is made

to things and matters which with perfect consistency might be spoken of in one part of the book while the mention of them even indirectly in another part would have been a disastrous (Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1949 659 ANACHRONISMS AND THE BOOR OF MORMON (Concluded from preceding page) (Thomas W. Brookbank, The Imerror. We find that the book of Ether provement Era 14:500505.)

does not purport to give an outline of the history of an Israelitish people, Doesn't it seem singularly strange

A but of a Babylonian colony. Some of that Joseph Smith could use words

Thoughtful the omissions which had to be obso consistently without knowledge served in the ancient abridgment of the Etheric of the customs mores of and LASTING PLATE are: narrative training; special peoples; without

GIFT! (a) References to the law of Moses; with no staff of experts; and with

to the writing of the ten commandno means by which to hire such ments by the finger of the Lord; to his help, and could write an account of

descent on Mount Sinai; to a single an ancient people such as the

marvelous works of his many one Jaredites covering about 2,500 years

Israelites. of the in behalf

of time, and then again of the (b) Abraham and his calling to be Nephites covering another one thouthe father of the faithful could not years, these of accounts each relatsand stories nor could mentioned; 'be its to peculiar being and own time Joshua, Moses, to Isaac, Joseph, ing

David, Solomon, and a host of other conditions? In these accounts Joseph

renowned servants of God. Smith gives locations, distances, mi-

( c ) Nothing could be said respecting grations by land and sea; notwiththe Aaronic nor the Melchizedek standing at this time, Joseph Smith

priesthoods; nor the Levites; nor the had never traveled outside of his imnor its location. tabernacle vicinity mediate probably and had

ia9 JS?"***I*9*'w-owjrf esiffo dav Canaan, Palestine, In these ac- (d) Jerusalem, an ocean. never seen

Egypt, the Dead Sea, the Red Sea, counts are given the doings of gov- *ift P4r Oft?***, rv 9* the Jordan, Nazareth, with their sacred ernments and courts with officers

and blessed memories could not safely and laws.

be spoken of unless a knowledge of them is accounted for as coming from Joseph Smith knew almost noththe hand to the Lord. (T. W. Brooking of these people. They had, acbank, Millennial Star 86:3639, 5255, cording to the Book of Mormon,

5960.) monetary systems, systems of

The elimination of common English weights and measures, religions, words from the Book of Mormon agriculture, with all the customs and vocabulary is evidence that no modern activities of people and nations.

writer wrote the book originally. The Doesn't it seem strange, indeed,

frequent use of "exceeding"and "exthat none of the common errors that ceedingly"when for most of them writers and the motion picture incombination or in phrase alone "very"INLAND found in the dustry Book make areI P. 2076, as O. Box substituted. an Salt sAtaffLake City 13, Ut. & "Very"could beI errors, Grammatical of Mormon? until is Please near send? not modifier used me S. adverbial

> Plates is, Blue Keepsake Temple as he yes, because used man God g book. of second the close Nephi's Plates Keepsake Sepia? Temple \

it is usnot that evident he but was one Check is in use daily a term among "Quite"In'"tij $1.95* I enclose Prepaid. Send to the provide ing Smith Joseph it is not yet people, Englishspeaking C lor plate ordered. eachiS 'C$0 I will postman in pay C.O.D. Send provided facts; already they were of in the "Just"used Mormon. Book $1.95* plus postage. plate, for 3 %ffl each

includes State Tax. o a J in combinations such as "just now"or the record on the golden plates.

NAME v. o S> "just come,"does not occur in the When the Lord used Joseph

r ADDRESS "a H Book of Mormon anywhere. "Guess"Smith as Joseph Smith, there were

native Smith, a Joseph a word that 'CITY STATE O o & is human errors, but where he used to use might be expected of Vermont, frequently; but it occurs only once in the record as recorded by the prophthe book, and then in the past tense. ets at the time and under the con-

(Helaman 16:16.) "Namely"is a comditions as the records were made,

mon word, but it is not used as an there are no errors.

original word in the Nephite records. Taking into consideration, then,

of CASH! the manner in which the Book For your OLD L.D.S. and Mormon came forth, and also the

searching scrutiny to which the

Utah Books book has been subjected, it seems

if Submit List to that we may well conclude that the claims set out by Joseph Smith

ISDN'S BOOK STORE werehave notbeentrue,disprovedthey wouldand longexposed.ago

G5 E. 2nd So. Phone 4-3465 His claims have stood well over a

Salt Lake City, Utah century of time, standing as firm

All types of books sold also. today as they did the day they were

made. 660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church and Modern Society (Continued from page 643) Two centuries, from 1050 to 1250, came to represent for him in the evening of his days the crown and glory of all human endeavor; the first century with its Norman

MontSaint-Michel and its Chanson de

Roland, with its forthright strength and simplicity, its uncritical acceptance of life and God, its hope encompassed by a sufficing unity—a strong, naive, credulous

world, yet with men's minds buttressed like their cathedrals by a faith that held in equilibrium the soaring arches of their aspirations, with every cranny and nook flooded with radiant color: and the second

century, that expressed itself in the cathedral of Chartres, with its adoration of the

Virgin, its courtly love.... its passionate

mysticism of Saint Louis and Saint Bernard and Saint Francis, and its soaring scholasticism of Thomas Aquinas... to such

idealization of medievalism did this child of Puritanism come in the wistful twilight of his days. 1

tempting m* IDEA THE BEST BREAD OF MONTH delicious outof-thisespecially anytime, but cheese is Plato in the fourth century B.C. hamburger

approached the problem in several world with the first cool days of October. Season one pound of

ways. In his dialogue, Protagoras, ground beef with salt and pepper and shape into 6 square flat cakes.

the latter declares that he can teach Fry on both sides until done. Toast 6 slices of flavorful Fisher's En-

''prudence in affairs private and riched White Bread and cover each slice with a slice of nippy cheese.

public: in short, the science of Place under low broiler heat until cheese is melted. Cover each

knowledge of human life."But in with a hot hamburger pat, spread it with relish and cover with anthe end it comes out that at best other slice of toasted Fisher's bread which has been spread with

"all men are teachers of virtue, each salad dressing. Serve at once and listen to those raves. Serves 6,

its best!one according to his ability."of course. For best results, always use Fisher's—bread at

Does the Church claim to know the answer? In the introduction it

was suggested that the restoration of the gospel included knowledge as to the divine purpose of God, namely, to bring about the immortality and eternal life of man. The

business of life then, for believers in God and this message, is to assist in bringing to pass these results.

But what has this to do with this life? Let us indulge a specious, misleading argument or two:

Immortality is assured to all men;

universal salvation is the restorationist view of Christ's accomplishment. In the

gospel race, everyone wins; at least wins

the resurrection of the body. There may

be a time element in this for the extremely wicked; but in the end, "As in Adam all

die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive."(Evidently there isn't a great

deal the Christian believer can do to help WHEN YOU DINE IN HOTEL UTAH'S of the business purelyout physical mortality, per se.) imSUPERB COFFEE SHOP eternal about What

life then? The free gift of immortality is For breakfast, for luncheon, for dinner, you'll find your favorite dishes

enough to make most men feel no pause prepared with finesse and tasting better than ever before in Hotel about their actions in this life, even if Utah's popular Coffee Shop. One of America's most famous restaumildly concerned about the future, for, rants, the Coffee Shop is renowned for its beauty, its friendly service

if and when the future comes, along with and its menu of excellent foods to match your every mood.

immortality, there will be eternity! And

eternity is a long time; God is merciful

Louis Partington, iVernon Main Currents in HOTEL UTAH vol. 3:220221. Thought,American MAX CARPENTER, Manager

[Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1949 66\

!n?">0":7V!v;0:"0!0"iO"0'THE CHURCH AND MODERN SOCIETY

as well as just, so why bother? Of course, Toynbee notes that the center of

the in time element the again with comes gravity in the coming age will problife that if suggestion in this one a makes stronger effort, he can be so much farther ably be determined by human, not physical, geography. This means life to the ahead in come. get But why

all nice that of in these w tant ahead quadrilateral people? the great Asia ThoseJniDonavi who don't try now, we are told, can never where the bulk of mankind dwell

catch up, even though see they may and may come to great power. This

fine things experience proas they many gress in their own way in God's own time. great mass of humanity "is the last

l/lear$... nessSo, doesof eternalthis leavelife, thein matterthis life,of merelythe busi-a andthe West,mightiestandsleeper""religionawakenedis likely byto

matter of eagerbeaverism? be the plane on which this coming

Section 14 of the Doctrine and centripetal countermovement4 will itself."first declare af1949 (The revealed Covenants to David WhitOF PROGRESS and

Russian of Chinese and commer, definity seven) 1829 (verse June

ACHIEVEMENT clares: munism, with certain disturbances in

southeast Asia, affirms that Marxeternal to the endure end shall have you religion of this come the human CAN BE YOURS And, if you keep my commandments and ism is making a strong bid to belife, gift greatest is the of all which the mass.) for AmeriSumming up

gifts of God. AT YOUR cans, Europeans, and other inof western civilization, 1 5, in Section Lord, the same heritors

Toynbee suggests: year, CHURCH UNIVERSITY monthThe and Whitmer told John

Courses in 43 departments ( verse six ) If our first precept should be to study history, our not own on account its own under:... organized will of thing that the be which for the but the part which the has played West

will declare to unto be worth you in the unification of mankind, our second COLLEGE OF ARTS that this people, AND repentancemost unto you may precept, in studying history as a

SCIENCES bring souls unto me, that you may rest should be to relegate economic and politicalwhole, history to a subordinate place give andCOLLEGE OF APPLIED SCIENCE with them in the kingdom of my Father. religious history the primacy. religion, For

all, is after the serious business student of worldfamous o/ the huCOLLEGE OF COMMERCE rpHE 5 (Italics race. author's) history, in man Arnold J. Toynbee,

COLLEGE OF EDUCATION the 1947 Creighton lecture at the

University of London, discussed So, Mrs. Abingdon, not the milk COLLEGE OF FINE ARTS "The Unification of the World and bill, but religion, according to Aris the real, serious nold J. Toynbee, in Historical Perspecthe Change DIVISION OF RELIGION business race. of the human tive."(our) civilization, Western

Peter Whitmer, Jr., 829, in June 1 1500, has in ensucceededFor further information, write to—since identical instruction with all receiving penetrating compassing and

other living civilizations. As a rethat of his brother John (Doctrine

sult, he suggests: and Covenants 16:6) learned: Brigbam Young

... the thing will which the of be most

are going not descendants Our own will to worth unto to be you declare repentlike ourselves. just are Western, be They this ance that unto people, you bring University may

heirs to of going Laobe Confucius and souls that unto me, rest you with may

PlotiPlato, tse Socrates, as well as and in the PROVO. UTAH of them Father. kingdom my

heirs of nus, as as well Buddha Gautama heirs DeuteroIsaiah Jesus Christ; and of Chase's call for the men who can as well as Zarathustra and Mohammed

Elijah and Elisha and Peter and Paul... transcend their own cultural in-

... of Lenin and Gandhi and Sun Yatsen as heritance and really labor in the DFFER WE well as Cromwell and George Washingfor Lord's vineyard all mankind? A COMPLETE 2 Mazzini. ton and Toynbee's shrewd observation that SERVICE ENGRAVING

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest despite western civilization's worldCatalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention Stuart Chase, discussing the exconquering technology, human bescientific isting for the equipment their ings relation religion with and CO. ENGRAVING UTAH of conquest war and elimination St. 113 Regent Utah Salt Lake City, is the to the future, certainly key

lists the available material findings, suggests some largescale, modern then asks: opportunities. Inevitably, the simDelicious Where are the men who can transcend ple words of Mark's gospel (16:15)

SUNVISTA their own cultures and really labor in acquire enlarged meaning:

BLACKEYED PEAS the Lord's vineyard serving all mankind? 3 BUTTER BEANS... Go ye into all the world, and preach BABY LIMA BEANS

PINTO BEANS the gospel to every creature. (Italics, Civilization Trial (Oxford University on Press:

CHILI PEPPERS GREEN 90. author's. PINTO BEANS WITH PORK 1948), 3The Study Proper o} Mankind; Into An Inquiry

At Your Grocers the Science of Human Relations (Harper: 1948), 4Toynbee, op. cit., 93.

Chase 277. sIbid.. 94.

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Toynbee's Study of History declares his finding that "only Jesus of Nazareth saves."8 The WhitNOW! ORDER THESE POPULAR BOOKS AT A SAVINGS

mer brothers were told to declare repentance. Toynbee's historical REDUCED FOR A LIMITED TIME ONLY

finding and the scriptural mandate combine to make an appealing picture of future opportunity for the religiousminded.

But has the restored Church of

Jesus Christ really a mission for this earth? If immortality is assured,

and if eternal life is a long time, why not, (as some facetious and facile lunchtable talk sometimes suggests at points between the Lion

House and the mission field)... wait as mankind die and do the Only through a special arrangement with author Dr. Milton

work for them in the temples? Meanwhile, R. Hunter is this sale possible. Three of his outstanding

anybody who wants to join after hearing books have been drastically reduced for 90 days... sale

the message, can and should join and gain ends December 31, 1949. Order your copies now! Buy

that "timeadvantage."But for the rest, extra copies for Christmas... they'll make ideal gifts.

say many, why work ourselves into a lather? And why, for all things, should UTAH INDIAN STORIES

the sphere ourselves beyond concernwe lore rich in Indian Here's a early stories. volume and Perfect for every $170

"all get responsibility effective andof our library. Regular to $2.25, reduced now 1 inchild's racial bigotry over andsteamed up"

civil the United war,tolerance, the Chinese difBRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER bomb? the atomNations, and Whatference does it make whether there is A remarkable volume of the life and accomplishments of a great $025

peace or war, sickness or health, poverty or leader. Learn how his inspiration turned the desert into a great emplenty? Isn't it the lot of all men to do pire. Regular $3.00, now reduced to 2

the best they can, wherever they are found, for where there is no law, there UTAH, THE STORY OF HER PEOPLE let theis disobedience no anyway,—and events great Contains personalities remarkable and the fur $00 from

the hereafter? be the judge inLord

to trapper period 1948. book you'll enjoy A historical and treasure. 2

How do you answer this quesRegular $2.75, now reduced to

tion? individual answer, The as ALL THREE FOR ONLY $5.50

truth, will of testimonywith any... BOOK VALUES LIKE THESE CAN'T LAST!determine the individual and social HURRY! SEND ORDER TODAY

outcome because the answer each Remember... only 90 days

individual freely makes for himself to take advantage of these BOOKCRAFT will influence attitudes, performbig savings. Salt1186 LakeSouthCity,MainUtah

ance, individual and social behavior. Enclosed is my payment of $

What is joy? "Men are, that they for the fold swing books:might have joy!"Is disease joy? B00KCRAFT

War? Misery? Dictatorship and 1186 South Main

regimentation? Salt Lake City NAMEADDRESS

Has the Church of Christ a misAVAILABLE AT ALL BOOK DEALERS Town State sion in modern world society? These

articles have reviewed some of the aspects of modern world society that occasionalin sugan the hope Rent reWegestion have been made may New features for yourgarding future treks and pioneer in the attentionprojects awaiting Costumes enjoyment in the enlarged century.last half of the twentieth For All Occasions

There are many more, and some of them may never get beyond the We Also Sell ERA

Nauvoo stage. Continuing the

historical reference, we may also COSTUME FABRICS and remind ourselves that beyond NauTRIMMINGS at the regular price of voo, before the mountain valleys I i SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.!! 12 issues $2.50

Arnold J. Toynbee, A Study of History. Abridg248 So. Main Salt Lake

Somervell vols. 1-6 D. C. of by (New York:ment

544547. especially 20. chapter [ Dial 3-1031 pp. 1947),

{Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1949 663 The Church and Modern Society {Concluded from preceding page) were reached, was the misery and

A travail of Winter Quarters!

Has the Church of Christ a mission in modern world society? It

certainly has. Let there be no doubt

about it. The first section of the

Doctrine and Covenants of the Church sets forth a global pattern

I the the Lord, knowing Wherefore, should OIL GO ofcalamityresponsibility: upon the which come REPLACE YOUR habitants of the earth, called upon myinOLD BURNER servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and spake unto him from heaven, and gave him comTWICE NOW mandments;

with the oilsaving Winkler... That mine everlasting covenant

LP*... a sensational new might be established;

oil burner development. That the fulness of my gospel might be

proclaimed by the weak and the simple AS FAR! unto the ends of the world, and before

SEE THESE FREE HEATING SURVEY kings and rulers. (Verses 17, 2223.)

renot certainly was The gospel AMAZING of adding for the purpose PROOFS Doas muchyou knowas 50%thatof youyourmayfuelbeoil?wastingThe stored

Seeing is believing. chances are, if you live in the average calamity to calamity, but its princitoday Come in and size oil burner is overthat your home,

the watch Winkler sized nozzleclogging. to prevent This ples were made available for the

LP* burn—means that heat is wasted up the chimpurpose of benefiting mankind.

1. Crankcase ney—oil burned needlessly.

drainings The low pressure Winkler LP* Oil It becomes the responsibility of the 2. Mixed oil Burnerof preciouspreventsfuel becausethis extravagantit can be wastesized Church,to providethe meansconservatorand directionof our wherebyreligion,

to capacity the exactly heatabsorbing and water of led into the paths be humanity may

It will of boiler or furnace. your save

includes 3. Hardcracked responsibility This happiness. fuel present of your conup to 50%

pertains oils of Whatever man. every need sumption.

be the concern of must The author's) 7 (Italics service, Winklertoo—itsLP*designsavesis utterlyamazinglysimpleon tothe humanChurch.welfare

and dependable.

The car is at the curbstone. Dynamite and atomic energy are in the

storehouse. How shall they be

used? Knowledge does not save, WINKLER LP but the use of knowledge may. To HOW PRESSURE OIL BURNER use knowledge requires, first and

ELBERT R. CURTIS A. RAY CURTIS foremost, possession of the knowledge, and secondly, the sense

of purpose, personal intelligence, ("go ye responsibility social and A. RAY

in Drive CURTIS COMPANYSalt Lake City Highland 2205 all the into world") revealed

SEE YOUR LOCAL DEALER the gospel. Knowledge has become widespread. Can gospel

principles be spread rapidly too?

And how can they be applied? We

come then to the guiding principles: JjoIAa. ( 1 ) Knowledge; and ( 2 ) Wisdom

DON'T WAIT FOR A FIRE TO JOLT YOU in the use of knowledge. Mankind

INTO ACTION! cannotNeither, bepossessingsaved knowledge,in ignorance.can

Check up on your Fire Insurance right now. Now—before men be saved unless knowledge is

you have a fire—make sure you have enough insurance. used. A definite mission of the

Call the friendly Agent of the Church in modern society is to show

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY usedhow knowledgefor human maybetterment—inbe gained and"all

he will be glad to help you. the world."

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agent—Salt Lake City

i -']. A. Widtsoe, Program of the Church (1936), 24.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The ship that helps create jobs in Alaska

From Ketchikan on up the coast... in In short, she helps both the coast and

dozens of towns and cities in Alaska.. interior of Alaska develop its resources

people greet the tanker "M. S. Alaska... just as the oil industry throughout all

Standard"with considerable affection. our country helps other industries grow

For, over the years, she's helped Alaskans and people work, produce and prosper.

develop thousands of jobs.

Regularly she loads a full cargo of petroleum products and takes them

... like they're needed wherever some "AKDARB Oil station. pokes service She giant floating COMPANy

her prow into rocky inlets to serve fish OF CAUFORN,A canneries, goes on up the coast a few miles to bring a new mine the lubricants "'"""'"> wi iou teer it needs to work, stocks oil for fishermen so they no longer have to travel six or seven hundred miles to refuel when the salmon run is on.

OCTOBER 665

ze<

to ask necessary any not 9—It is CONFIDENTIAL ANNUAL REPORT

alis the to which question answer "Drethren of priesthood quorum and to make them feel the warmth and ready known. If the brother is known

presidencies strength of priesthood brotherhood. to use tobacco, do not ask him if he

does. Using proper tact and wisdom, What of your confidential annual 2—Allow plenty of time for your

report? Will you have the information survey. A high priests quorum with however, quorum presidents should

collected, tabulated, and the report an extended membership, for instance, use their utmost energy to get persons delivered to the chairman of your cannot be surveyed in a few weeks or addicted with this and other like stake Melchizedek Priesthood Commonths. In some of them, it is a yearhabits to reform their ways of life.mittee not later than January 1? round process. 10—The practice of sending quesgain the to tionnaires in form any one is to make the interviews using are you above all, now And 3—No

is this report for annual presidents or couninformation quorum of except information gainedthe means by these confidential interviews to aid selors. Quorum or group secretaries not approved. Much of the value of

you in bringing righteousness into the and group leaders ( unless they happen the report lies in the fact that quorum hearts of your quorum members? also to be a member of the quorum presidents are able to counsel with

It is imperative that priesthood presipresidency) will not be used. their members on what the standards

on the things are and of the Church finished should be interviews 4—The collected not alreadydencies have who them. meet should they do to December completed by the report information, the of or and requiredmuch

who are not now using that informa31.tion for the benefit of the quorum 5—When the interview is made,

members involved, begin immediately only two persons should be present:

one memand member the quorum so.to do Quorum It Monthly presidency. the quorum of ber

is It is report. important This an of in the absence conducted be should Business effective Meetings tools the that of mostone precaufamily. Every the member's

aid presidencies to them havequorum call again /"Nnce attenthe we embarto avoid taken be should tion responsibilityin their discharging of tion to stake of priesthood want the to member. and rassment We their theleading along brethren path

closely, vital presidencies policy to to conus a more members our bind celestial to world. leads thethat Quocerning that thing business avoidable monthly qourum any not do and collect inpresidents therum who meetings. away. them drive might

it useformation themselves then and to keep 6 are meetings are These monthly officers "Quorum it in should the be which manner classes. not their gospel study fellow memconfidences the "No of

it to helps that get theminused—find lesson dismaterials the to are be overlook not should bers. They preside they over brethrenthe whom cussed."report. lecture are not is confidential They this that a fact righteousness of standards theto meet periods. Special are programs trust worthy is which sacred It a holders of expects the Churchwhich to arranged. not Speakers violate."be not will leaders Priesthood. the Melchizedekof are in invited to not be from is to discuss the matter proper 7.—It confiof Chief the purpose annual without the quorum. Speakers tithepaying with of members quorum

dential interview of quorum members during the interview. Since, however, are not to be assigned from withis to enable quorum presidents to get the interview will always take place in the quorum. There are to be

better acquainted with and learn the before the final tithing settlement for no special speakers, no lectures, spiritual and temporal needs of their the year, the final tithing status of the and no lessons.

members. The Church is not nearly member will not be determined in the It would be appreciated if

so much interested in gathering social interview. Quorum presidents will those concerned would disconstatistics on, say, the Word of Wistake a list of their members living in tinue, or see that these practices

dom, as it is with placing the informaeach ward to the bishop of that ward, are discontinued. Further, pertion as to which quorum members keep and he will indicate whether each sons invited to lecture or speak

that law of health into the hands of member is a full, part, or nontithe at these meetings would be renthe presidents of quorums. These payer, or whether he is exempt from dering a service by declining the

presiding brethren are then expected the provisions of this law. Amounts invitation on the ground that it

to use that information in guiding paid are no concern of quorum presiis contrary to the official policy their members into the paths of proper dents. They are confidential between of the Church.

conduct. the member and his bishop. These monthly meetings are

And, brethren, please comply with 8—It is also proper to discuss matbusiness sessions. They are frethe instructions on the report itself ters of chastity, integrity, honesty, quently the one official opportuand on pages 49 to 51 of the Meland the like with quorum members. nity that the quorum presidency

chizedek Priesthood Handbook, 1948. But quorum presidents will not ask has during the month to make

To collect and use the required intheir members if they are morally the brotherhood and fraternalism formation is not difficult if a few clean. The answer to that question of the quorum really work on a

In large measure the degree ofsimple1—Keepprinciplesuppermostare followed:in your mind ongeneralthe reputation.report will Thebe gainedsame is fromtrue whole quorum basis.

the fact that the annual survey is your for the question as to how many brotherhood, fraternalism, and opportunity, as a priesthood officer, to members, if any, "do not have a repureal priesthood kinship that become better acquainted with quotation for honesty, integrity, and fair exists in any quorum is in direct rum members, to encourage them, dealing."

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the matter. They do not care "to

stick their necks out."Hence citizens

who want a clean environment—the

about—mustobservance ofbe lawsever thatvigilantwill inbringseeingit

that lawenforcement officers do not

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE go to sleep on their jobs. Is this not

TWELVE HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARK E. PETERSEN, true? Then what?

HENRY D. MOYLE, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG,

L. EVANS, OSCAR A. IVINS, R. RICHARD ANTOINE SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG,ALMA Do You Wont to Stop Smoking?

R. R. BRUCE MC CONKIE HUNTER, YOUNG, MILTON KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH

How can one who wants to stop smoking give up the habit is a question death. A large proportion of the we are frequently asked. In reply we

proportion to the effectiveness hundreds of forest fires in the United usually offer some literature on the of 1949 the during States summer give of these monthly business meetor folders—that cigarets, lighted started by were ings. But sometimes so subject—leafletsanswer to the question.

Detailed instructions, not alit has been reported. Many thousands the smoker says, "I have tried and

ways followed in the past, for of acres of valuable forest lands were tried but can't stop."All such smokthe conduct of these meetings are burned at a loss of untold millions ers will be interested to learn that a

found on pages 36a and 36b of of dollars. The annual loss in the harmless drug, pleasant to take, will

the Melchizedek Handbook, United States due to cigaretcaused readily effect a cure, so it is claimed.

1948. These pages are printed fires is enormous. It has succeeded in 80 percent of the

on a green insert sheet, and if But however great the property cases in which it has been tried, the they have not already been made losses may be, the loss of human values report states. It is now being

available to all holders of the is much greater. It is sad, sad indeed, studied in several hospitals in CaliHandbook, immediate steps that human beings are so weak and fornia. Before the medical profession

should be taken to see that they shortsighted that they continue to inplaces the stamp of approval on its are. Supplies have been sent to dulge in body, mind, and souldestroy- use, they must know more about it.

the stakes by the general priesting practices, one of which is smoking, Does it have injurious aftereffects?

hood committee. the evils of which have been stated If not, it will be a boon to all those

time after time in this column. What who are sincere in wanting to stop

shall we do about it? Answer: Consmoking, but apparently lack the will

tinue with increased vigor persistent power to quit. In this connection

educational efforts; stoutly combat efwe express the opinion that every

deceptive sales by forts to increase stop being smoking can human normal NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO legitiby all propaganda advertizing his the limit will to and by exercising COLUMN especially available methods; mate praying persistent to God. worthy be by by Conducted harmful the in teaching youth active drug the the weak, to may But new Joseph F. Merrill Dr.

try to motivate and effects of smoking to stop smoking. easier offer an way

them not to indulge; further, take an A prominent doctor in California will

active interest in law observance and later report his finding to us.

Are We Foolishly ShortSighted? law enforcement.

"Decently, on the advice of a friend, In some states—Utah among them Wet Areas Disappearing

schools public requiring there are laws to and went show we tobacco, evils the of use of the teach to the says drys are steadily Voice The beautiful asaw a picture—beautifulmovie narcotics, other beverages, territory, alcoholic to drying according Prowet artistic form,from an standpoint—its things of these sale the forbidding Scharffenberg, fessor the of A. and W. to left nothingcolor, production and

enforced laws minors. Society. six to In Are these Temperance American its matter desired. subject Butbe

If not, should in community? in Carolina, twentyfive your months, North opinion, it, in our purposeand made

this? In about something not do elections the local option you were by won to especially youngunfit for showing,

other some and majorities Lake, forces. Salt antiliquor Weber, The Its purpeople. unsophisticatedand committees are there in Utah, counties to fourteento- twoto-one ranged from sale of a the to promotepose was civil the with cooperating Illinois, eightythree at of one. In out work Its cigarets. mesofparticular brand

efforts in officers to enforcement districts voting, fortyeight remained law it is popular smart that andsage was Idaho, In obeyed. these laws switched nineteen from have dry wet and of especially that brandto smoke, organized are Forces Civic Idaho the dry. to industry the that tobaccocigarets, and

end. to the same for working the the reasons switch and Among gives employis beneficent a one—it fruits is repeal are of that the worse in mind kept by fact be must This contriand people to so manyment

butes in taxes millions to the public those who want the laws enforced, than America had bargained for.

cockof "lady"the growth Through laws: Not Laws moral especially Do was intimationtreasury. No drinking of the is tail lounges, growth the such Themselves. And Enforce inevils of thegiven of smoking—ofwhatever increased. greatly ofhas that among women underworld the of influence of and spirit body, mind, thejury to

countless millions of smokers; no ficers whose duty it is to see that the The percentage of women admitted to

intimation of enormous losses caused laws are enforced are usually more mental hospitals for alcoholism has threefold in the past nearly laws increased in enforcing negligent or less of handling fires due to carelessby that It is safely estimated ten years. gambling tobacco, liquor, to relative of life losses both cigarets,lighted

million least etc. one are at there women prostitution, varieties, its many still rein people property. Manyand

drinkare that "problem America supported are by in feel they they Unless in Atof a hotel the burningmember million six than that ers,"more relative and voters the of majority the due years ago a few lanta, Georgia, alcohol as a part drink ofother women laws, the of these enforcement to fire in which cigaret, a a lightedto life. of their about way of or nothing ficers will do little to burned were people than 120more

OCTOBER 1949 667 Aaronic Priesthood Quorums to Have Individual Standard Quorum Awards and New Type Frames "Cor the past thirteen years, since the lefthand corner of the award. This indeed many of them are hanging at

award program was introduced in change replaces the system of adding all. A solution to the problem has

1936, all quorums of the Aaronic a particular gold seal to indicate the eluded us for many reasons until the

Priesthood qualifying for the Standard number of years the quorum has present time, We now feel that the

Quorum Award have been presented achieved this recognition. time has arrived and circumstances

with a common award form as a Because the new Standard Quorum have developed which permit the certificate of achievement. There have Award will be a representation of all change that will govern in the future.

been several changes in design and previous award achievements, the old size but always the same award has certificates may be destroyed unless it All Standard Quorum Awards for been presented to all quorums. is desired to keep them for one reason 1949 will be framed as in the past.

In an effort to individualize the or another. However, the new frames will be

Standard Quorum Award, a certificate equipped with metal turnbuckles to separate and distinct in design will, Frames to be Equipped With make it convenient to change certifihereafter, be presented to the respecturnbuckles cates in a matter of seconds. Quorums

tive priests, teachers, and deacons earning the Standard Quorum Award quorums meeting the established reFor many years now we have grown for 1950, who also earned the award quirements. A facsimile of the new increasingly apprehensive of the numin 1949, will be provided with the

awards, presented below, will at once ber of framed awards hanging in classunframed certificate only, which reveal the individualization of the rooms and elsewhere in the chapel, if Aaronic Priesthood leaders will imquorum award which should create mediately place in the frame furnished new interest and promote greater the previous year, removing the old enthusiasm on the part of PRIESTS QUORUM AWARD certificate. There will

leaders and boys alike. be only one frame to be

hung for each success- < rrrr. ful quorum of the Indicating Successive m rrrrarjaaatxw

Years of Achievement Aaronic Priesthood in the ward and that Another innovation to frame will contain only add both to the utility the latest award earned.

and the attractiveness of Quorums not earnthe award will be the ing the award for 1949 handwritten indication of will be furnished the the successive years in new frame the first

For )c<fil)i(rch cfifc5us hn$t achievement. in ofiniterDav4aiut$ i year award thereafter

///*>. if a deacons instance, which the award is apquorum is qualifying for plied for, the same subthe "Eighth Year Award"tonv.critovioui-,icb War? >U! sequent procedure to

this information will be I govern as outlined indicated in the lower I vrt | above.

TEACHERS QUORUM AWARD irnBEniriEcr.'.-i- M DEACONS QUORUM AWARD

W7W/V* a 1 'rtlimrOminuuAnia <!2uiinuiu\iuarario

lift Jim&miBislropnc Sk rWC Ttlxc J5ivsi0iiu\ bishopric iilunrhiit teia linsruffinfrnHumnhi % ttkculnmrhctfcitsfc&rfIIatti?-&tt&ite

\V,u\N Hahc WatS '.".: Sialic

I* yr I is?? rap? -*Wx Ik: ya- 'I ** I - r

M*W**P!*—"-"——"-—..**.**** <*.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 668

reparea bu oLee v. f-au,merTbwhQpnti&y&w

Aaronic Priesthood Choruses

Stake and Ward Leaders

Building the Singing Program HPhe objectives of the Aaronic Priesthood singing program can be more effectively realized through a close, cooperative relationship between bishops and stake choristers as follows:

( 1 ) Bishops should appoint a ward

Aaronic Priesthood chorister and organist (2) A boys'chorus should be organORDERVILLE WARD L. D. S. GIRLS, KANAB STAKE ized in the ward

for L.D.S. The award girls is gaining program popularity in the Ordervitle Stake. for Eleven opportunities Ward, Kanab Provide ample (3)

girls of the individual earned while all of awards them contributed qualified records which to group the* public the chorus performances by three for groups the age award.

(4) Plan a motivating program to

L.D.S. Girls include social and fraternal activities

(5) The chorister and organist should attend the special department

Substitutions Allowed in Perfect Attendance Records for ward Aaronic Priesthood choristers "pACH Latterday Saint girl having a sacrament meeting in her ward of resiand organists conducted in the Aaronic perfect attendance record at sacradence provided such meetings were Priesthood department of the Stake ment meeting, Sunday School, and held in her ward on that day. Priesthood leadership meeting

Y.W.M.I.A. throughout the year will (2) A girl attending two sessions This type of cooperation will assure

have a special 100 percent seal affixed of (a) stake quartely conference; (b) pleasant relationships, accomplish the

to her Individual Certificate of Award general conference in Salt Lake City; objectives of the Aaronic Priesthood

for that year, assuming that all other (c) June conference of the M.I A. in singing program and put the boys in

requirements are met as specified. Salt Lake City, on the Sabbath day, contact with the refining, cultural, and

The only authorized substitutions may take credit for attendance at a spiritual influences of music.

for attendance at the specified meetSunday School meeting and a sacraings are as follows: ment meeting in her ward of residence

( 1 ) A girl attending one session of provided a Sunday School meeting and Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood (a) stake quarterly conference; (b) a sacrament meeting were held in her

general conference in Salt Lake City; ward on that day. Where only one

(c) June conference of the M.IA. in of these two meetings was held in her Reports Should Be Signed

Salt Lake City, on the Sabbath day, ward on that particular Sunday, she Ctake and ward reports for the may take credit for attendance at may take credit for attending that one adult members of the Aaronic either a Sunday School meeting or a meeting only. Priesthood should be signed as indicated in the report.

Ward Teaching The mere fact that the teacher visits There are many reasons why stake regularly is not proof that he is doing and ward reports should be signed

Teaching or Visiting? hisobjectfull ofduty.our visiting,If teachinglittleis willnot thebe byof thosethe program,responsiblechieffor theamongpromotionthese

/\ne of the foremost objectives of accomplished. Visiting suggests a call being

Church leaders is to improve the that may only be social in nature and ( 1 ) Signatures are evidence that the standard of ward teaching. President without a definite purpose. Teaching signing officers have had the report

George Albert Smith recently said, is positive and can only be accomin their hands and suggest that they "Let us see if we can improve our plished through instructing, encouraghave carefully examined it, and given ward teaching, brethren."(Conference ing or educating the members in gospel their approval

Report, October 1948.) It is a tremendprinciples. (2) Signatures indicate an authorous responsibility to carry the gospel While it is not intended that the ized report

to called to the message fireside. Those signature is an acknowledg- A

this are timely reminded of the responsibility work call shall be so formal as to eliminate ment(3) of admonition given by the Lord to his cordiality and friendliness, the teacher The signatures of those who should servants in this dispensation. "Thereshould nevertheless keep in mind the sign a report are important since the

fore, O ye that embark in the service intent of the visit. Each call should program on the stake and ward levels

of God, see that ye serve him with leave the family spiritually strengthtakes root in the signers and revolves all your heart, might, mind and around them.

strength, that ye may stand blameless ened and more thoroughly informed Unsigned reports lose much of their before God at the last day."(D. & C. in doctrine and encouraged in the value as a permanent, authorized rec-

4:2.) faith. ord.

OCTOBER 1949 669 MISSION TO POLYNESIA (Continued from page 635) day, the first general meetings of quadrant and compass and head what food we have to eat, and when the Church were held, five branches for Tubuai.

we tell them that we have only were organized, and seventeen ofHe revealed his plans to his coconuts, they say they can't come ficers were set apart. The servant native friends, and they quickly obbut will send us a native of Tahiti. of the Lord, preaching the restored tained a vessel, repaired it, outBut those we don't want. And now, gospel of Jesus Christ, had been on fitted it, and made up a crew of

since you have loved us so much that the island four months and twentyeighteen persons. Then one day

you have come to live with us, we one days, had baptized 620 perthey pushed it out over the reef, feel very glad indeed, and will try sons, and had "bright prospects for hoisted the sails, and pointed the to make you comfortable and many more."nose toward an imaginary spot in

happy."Elder Grouard now felt that he the Pacific, 245 miles to the west.

Next day Elder Grouard met must have assistance, someone with Describing the construction of with the chiefs of the five settlewhom he could talk and counsel. the vessel in which he was making

ments on the island, and they all There was no one to come to his the trip, Elder Grouard wrote:

seemed so friendly and so interaid bat Addison. He thought of

ested in the gospel that he was much writing him a letter, asking him to The keel of one of these canoes consists three pieces, each about by four or five thatencouraged. he knew Now the islands were of but, although come,

size, together with in a inches sewn fourthe to him Lord had brought miles apart, four hundred this only about Pieces husk. coconut from braided cord

land, and there was no fear left in he figured that because they were so of plank are then fitted on either edge, his heart when the ship sailed off isolated it would take six or eight varying in size according to the size of without him. months, or maybe even a year, for the tree from which it is taken. The two

the together with then are sewed all the natives took Nearly arrive. to an Addison another mentioned, of when cord No! He just kindedges interest in Elderimmediate deep and that long. wait could not till they so fitted is above, on and plank

Grouard's teaching, and because rise to the required height. Some vessels

they had previously been taught to consist of from fifty to one hundred pieces look upon religion as something of plank, all sewed together in the manner very mysterious, the simplicity of stated, without a knee or timber in the the revealed gospel surprised and whole vessel.

delighted them. From almost the withTwocrossof thesesticks areand thena deckhookedor floortogetherlaid

first day, his house was thronged between them. Not a nail or a piece of

from daylight until nearly midiron is used in their construction. They

night. Everyone from the governor vary in length from 30 to 40 feet and are

to the least subject had questions generally rigged in schooner style.

almost without number to ask on religious and political topics. About twothirds of the distance

"Frequently,"he wrote, "when between Anaa and Tahiti, and a

I awoke in the morning at daylittle to the south, lies the small light, I would notice one or more island of Mehitia.

persons standing in my door with Late one evening, after Elder

Bibles in hand, waiting for me to Grouard and his crew had been on awake, so that they might ask me the sea for several days, they sited questions respecting some passage this little island. Most of the men

of scripture."After making the subject a matdesired to put in for a rest before

On May 25, less than a month ter of prayer for several days, he going on to Tahiti, and although after he had landed on the island, felt that he should go after AddiElder Grouard thought it unwise to

Elder Grouard baptized his first son in a pahi Paumotu, a native stop, he yielded to the wishes of his six converts. By June 15, twentydouble canoe. Elder Grouard friends and consented. Because it

four had come into the fold, all learned that these vessels, in which was so late in the day, they knew from the village in which he was the natives go from island to island, they would have to make good time living. Then he made a fifteen day were quite serviceable in good if they reached the island before

tour of the island, preaching thirtyweather when sailing before the dark, so they started running under one times in public, holding dozens wind, but in bad weather they were full sail, even though the wind was of gospel conversations, and baptizvery dangerous. There was no brisk. Minutes later a strong wind

ing twentynine persons. quadrant or compass available, but came up and carried away their

From that day on, the people the natives were experts at sailing foremast. Working desperately,

rushed to him in droves to be bapthe seas without the use of nautical they improvised a stumpmast in its tized. He also had much occasion instruments. Tahiti lies directly place but had no more than hoisted

to rejoice in witnessing the signs west, in line with the prevailing a sail than the wind blew away their that follow those who believe, as a winds, and can be seen for some mainmast.

number of sick were healed by the distance at sea. He therefore deBy this time it was nearly dark,

Lord through his administration, termined to obtain a native double and there was nothing they could and "devils were cast out."canoe, recruit a crew, go to Tahiti, do but continue to steer for the

September 21, 1845, was a and then, if no better opportunity island and make the best headway memorable day on Anaa. On this presented itself, try to obtain a possible with the one remaining im670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

provised sail. By eight o'clock darkThen after being on the island

ness had encompassed the party, for two weeks, during which time and the wind was blowing a gale he prayed daily that the Lord would directly on shore. By now the vessend a vessel that way, he sighted

sel became completely unmanage- a sail far out to sea. Eagerly he

able, and Elder Grouard and his watched it, but he soon determined crew were left to the mercy of the that the ship intended to bypass the wind and the waves. island.

Through the darkness on the Why not row out and try to shore ahead of them they could see intercept the vessel? There was

the surf running high, and the only a chance, but he decided to "GOODBY TO MESSY WAYS,"waves breaking on the rocks, throwtake it. So, quickly he borrowed a women are saying! They've dispolish liquid the faring air. into Silvo—white the foam of covered canoe and, accompanied one by

silver. for specially They designedHelpless, the clung onto crew all the his friends, poswith paddled it is, easily fast it how know howvessel being from to keep thrown sible out the through speed waves tiniest the of gets into out and

into the maddened waters. Then it onto the open sea. For about five crevices, and how their silver glows

happened. With a sickening crash, miles they paddled, keeping a hopewith a glorious brilliance.

frail carriedthe craft the waves sail. It ful approaching eye on the it conBecause SAFETY, TOO! into rocks, the three or four and fight, the but they a hard won was or harmful abrasive tains no harsh

itrollers bits to almost pounded on time, the against race and when silver hurt Silvo chemical, cannot the rocks. Natives from the island schooner approached they were in or hands. Try it—only 35 at

had seen the vessel approaching, her path. To the men on the ship grocery, department, and jewelry

and were on hand to lend every Elder Grouard signaled that he destores—and enjoy your silver's rich

assistance. Although the vessel sired to come aboard. A rope ladnew luster.

was almost a complete loss, no one der was lowered, and he clambered was drowned or killed, and almost up the side of the boat, and sprang THIS LIQUID WAY everything on board was saved. over the rail.

IN A IhLder Grouard slept well that In response to his question, Elder night but arose in the morning Grouard learned from the French (VMM with a heavy heart. Here he was captain that Tahiti was the next WA1

shipwrecked on a tiny, outof-thestop and that he would be welcome way island, which vessels seldom to a passage. But, the Captain invisited. Their own craft was useformed him, they could not possibly

less, and there was no other boat wait for him to return to shore for on the island large enough in which his belongings.

one could venture out to sea. Another splitsecond decision was

What to do except build a new necessary—to go on to Tahiti withship? Fortunately, nearly all of the out as much as an extra pair of

natives in Elder Grouard's crew sox, or stay on the island. He dewere experts in building crafts of cided to go. In a few words he

the pahi Paumotu type. So immeinstructed his native friend to tell

diately they asked for permission his crew to finish the pahi as quickly to cut timber for a new vessel. This as possible, proceed to Tahiti, and

was quickly given by the natives he would meet them there.

of the island, and within a week, a keel was laid for a new canoe. Twentyfour hours later the miscity of Papeete at the sionary landed on, going this activity was While in his A PRODUCT OF THE R. T. FRENCH COMPANY without a penny on Tahiti, time he used whatElder Grouard

could to preach the gospel to the pocket, and in possession of only natives of the island, and soon conthe clothes he had on his back.

verted and baptized two of them. ( To be continued IK USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth

MOMONPRAEDIRANIER and throat irritations.

{Continued from page 628) likely as not be called as traveling in in arrivingafter Copenhagen elders, "every man to warn his HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah the mission in1850 to open neighbor."

Scandinavia. The old man standing Standing by the door and leanclutches the carpenter a sheafby of ing the wall, against with hands beYour library should includetracts; misthe second he may be hind her back, girl, per- a bolder

sionary, for the description speaks haps the barefooted servant in the IN THE GOSPEL NET of two; both are probably "local house, impresses you as comely—BY DR. JOHN A. WIDT5DE

brethren"who heard the restored and skeptical; and through the door, $1.75 AT ALL INTERMOUNTAIN

gospel one day, were baptized the in the other room, you see the wife BOOKSTORES next, and on the third could as (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1949 671 YOU CAN "MOMONPRAEDIKANTER"... who at that time adFLY BY CUPPER* {Continued from preceding page) the Haugians

and mother of the household symmonished the people to holiness. For our

bolically with little time for other generation it was natural to put Mormons worldly discussion while the baby inevangelicals.the place1 of the Indremissionaerer or

in its cradle binds her to earthly cares. And, in a note that sounds wry to

Artist Christen Dalsgaard, you Mormon ears, the biography condiscover, who lived from 1824 to tinues:

1907, is not without honor in his that they thought rejoice in the can We distinguished country, where he own will the get elders] hardly Mormon the himself by painting his has carved the of old daily life better[the who man of the countryside with a loving life's conviction from principles as straight and sympathetic realism. "Mormon and unbending as his oak stick. The poor

praedikanter"was not his mature blind girl, on the other hand, who with a work, but at the time, in 1856, it bekinddrawnof sensualinto apleasurevacuumis oflettingfanaticism,herself was the most difficult composition would certainly find sister evangelists in he had attempted. You glance at the mentally affected we find among us

Knud Soeborg's biography of Dalstoday. 2 ROUND gaard for a critical opinion and

learn that he considers the painting You leave one man's interpreta- "well built,""thoroughly thought tion and look again at those faces, concluTHE WORLD through in composition,"and its and you reach your own with you them carry sions. You by the "pleasing work marked Only Pan American flies to color along the museum, leave as you authenticity and fuland surprising

all six continents... to 61 ness and pure clarity"which charwith a fine photographic copy of

countries and colonies. So, acterized the painter's later producthe painting the director has given

wherever you want to go, it's tions. As itinerant artist, Dalsgaard you. You leave feeling grateful

likely that Clippers can fly you executed several studies of the reto Christen Dalsgaard for having there directly... with a single ligious dissent which swept Denlighted this scene from what you

ticket and a single set of bagmark in his day; some of them have feel is your own past, because faces

gage checks. been called "too poetic,"but the and figures like these, in interiors

this manner, in just this, like and has painting,"you learn, "Mormon one fly abroad by You may of Truth"Voice to "The did listen the most of being distinction anthe return route, by Clipper they and a tract, than more that was unspoiled. natural and still get important the build to other—and valleys the to came the biography: Says savings! roundtrip can you today where meetinghouses

For information on flights, At the time the picture was painted, it still see these faces and hear the with them. Dalsgaard fares and reservations, call your tackedwas forconventionalthe most partChristianitysectariansandwhofannedatnames that go

Travel Agent or the nearest the smouldering speculation whose flames would surely recognize them.

winter's the long through nourished Pan American office. were Dalsgaard og Hans Kunst Christen iKnud Soeborg, existence pentup summer's and uncertain p. 24. 1902), (Copenhagen,

cit. Trade Mark. in the northern home. In Norway it was 2Loc.

Pan American Airways, Inc.

COLUMBUSPA/SfAMERfCAM great of conmatters spirit in resolute a page 642) {Continued from Airways enterfor World an lack should it now sequence, court, left and dazed the He could risk, little yet which so of prise MOST EXPERIENCEDWORLD'S that realization the with AIRLINE stunned if. to.. and service great God of so prove

this was the end of six weary years any other Prince should undertake what of being bullied and insulted, of the Admiral offered to her, it would be a

Beginning with this waiting, watching, hoping, and imvery great damage to her crown and a portuning. Six of the best years grave reproach to her.

issue of his life were gone, wasted, never Isabella decided then and there.

THE to Butreturn.man's extremity is the Lord's courierShe immediatelyto intercept Columbus.dispatchedThea

at Pinos IMPROVEMENT ERA opportunity. On the very day courier overtook him

Columbus left Santa Fe, just outside Puente, ten miles from Granada on

Santangel, a the way to France. increased size—color Granada, one Luis de

new features ChristianFerdinand, Jew,soughttreasurerout Queento KingIsaknowsEvery the Americannext phaseschoolboyof the bella and told her very bluntly Columbus saga. On August 3,

12 issues $2.50 he [Santangel] was astonished to see 1492, under the command of the

that her Highness, who had always shown {Continued on page 674) 672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ARRANGE NOW FOR YOUR CAR'S WINTER PROTECTION

Your car needs good care.

Arrange now for winter protection.

You can't have it done too early, but <JJ

few hours delay may be too late.

Don't let cold weather catch you

unprepared. Avoid the rush—do it now.H

Plenty of Service.UTAHPlenty of SuperiorOILProductsREFINING COMPANY*

OCTOBER 1949 673

COLUMBUS

(Continued from page 672) Colon, their Admiral of the Ocean admiral, now forty years old, the Sea, Viceroy and Governor of the ships Nina, Pinta, and Santa Islands that he hath discovered in

Maria left Palos in Spain on what the Indies."

has been called the most fateful When Columbus approached voyage in the history of the world. Barcelona about April 15, all the

Now Columbus had to make use court and city came out to meet of the patient methods wrought him. As he approached the king

upon him over the years by the and queen, they arose and asked

Spirit of the Lord. Beginning with him to be seated by them. This

his rebellious captains down to his was the high tide of his fortunes. COWS? Qf mutinous crew he had to promise, Never again in this life would he

wheedle, and cajole them hour receive such honors from men.

after hour on the dread and unLas Casas says of him at this known path. On October 12, time

1492, Columbus discovered the new world. In later times he He seemed very grateful to God for

describes a dream that came to benefits received from the divine hand;

him as portraying just how he felt, hatedHe blasphemywas a gentlemanand profaneof greatswearing.force of

about his accomplishment spirit, of lofty thoughts naturally inclined... to undertake worthy deeds and signal

Oh, fool [meaning himself] and slow to enterprises; patient and long suffering, and

believe and serve thy God, the God of a forgiver of injuries; most constant and

every man! What more did he do for endowed with forbearance in the hardMoses, or for David his servant than for ships and diversities which were always

thee? From thy birth he has ever held thee occurring and which were incredible and

in special charge. Marvelously did he cause infiinite; ever holding great confidence in

thy name to resound over the earth! divine providence.

... Fear not, but have trust; all these

tribulations are written on tables of marble, In all, Columbus made four and not without cause. He adds, "I heard

all this as in a swoon, but I had no answer voyages to the New World. On

to give in definite words, only to weep the third his enemies arrested him for my transgressions."(Compare this and brought him back in chains to

to the Word of the Lord to Joseph Smith Seville. It was from his Seville

at Liberty Jail, sec. 122, Doctrine and prison he wrote in October 1500

Covenants.

In seven years, I by the divine will,

On January 16, 1493, Columbus made the conquest (of those discovered began the voyage back. At the lands). At a time when I was entitled to

Azores, he and his men went expect rewards and retirement, I was inashore to give thanks to God for chains.continently... arrested and sent loaded with

their safe return. As they were

kneeling in prayer before the On November 7, 1504, at the church altar, the Portuguese inage of fiftytwo, he arrived at habitants of the island took them Seville from his fourth and last all prisoners. In later years Washvoyage. Within the month the

ington Irving describes this crushing news reached him that event his benefactress, Queen Isabella, had died. Immediately his penUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO..'.. such was the first reception of the

Admiral on his return to the Old World, sion stopped. He rented a room

an earnest of the crosses and troubles with above a stable at Valladolid where in residence. through royal court to life, the be requited was he was THE ALEXANDRIA which conferbenefits greatest the of for one time pass while he help the To

beings. fellow his HOTEL red upon rights, his for he pleading was

Sts. Spring 5th & his floor of in the hole room a cut

Seville on entered Columbus CALIF ANGELES, LOS his stabled mule could watch so he of appointment the Announces 1493, 31, March Sunday, Palm pains of the with below. Racked BECKETT H. at RAY Easter celebrated Week and to ventured arthritis, he humbly Associate Manager as Easter cathedral. great On the

of Mgr. with sufferings Resident his (formerly compare own of of joy the Hotel) cup 1493, Lankershim Sunday, 20, Savior. the of those May On Italian old year fortyone the at died his in he poor room THE 1506, ON HOST YOUR overflowing filled to foreigner was the fiftyfour, with of the age COAST thanksgiving letter of joint a when lips his on the of Master words L.D.S. king the from arrived MEET YOUR praise and

FRIENDS HERE and queen in Barcelona. It bore Father, into thy hands I commend my

500 ROOMS WITH BATH the address: "Don Cristobal Spirit.

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE JERUSALEM SCROLLS Made Especially by JANSSEN (Continued from page 637) est manuscript discovery of modern sible to do suitable photographic times."He advised that the script

work. Electricians worked at the of the scrolls was more archaic thanpower lines, and by the appointed that of the Nash Papyrus and that A PIANO

time next day the lights flashed on there could be not the slightest FOR CHURCHES and SCHOOLS to stay. In the meantime, Drs. doubt about the genuineness of the

Trever and Brownlee made a study manuscript.

of the script of the Isaiah scroll and Happily, all of the Syrianowned were satisfied that it was as old as, scrolls have been taken out of waror older than that of the Nash torn Palestine and will be studied

Papyrus, which is dated about 100 at the convenience of Dr. Millar

B.C. It seemed incredible to these Burrows, Drs. Trever and Brownyoung men that they were dealing lee, and others. Preliminary reports

with a manuscript of a considerable have been made on some matters by part of the Old Testament older by Drs. Burrows, Trever, and Brown-

a thousand years than any other of lee. These we shall discuss presentcomparable size. ly. Specifications

Height, 441/j After the Metropolitan and Fa- ""Three of the six Hebrew UniverWidth, 24"ther Sowmy had arrived with the sity scrolls have been found to Length, 57i/2"scrolls, it was necessary to do much belong to a single document, "The Also firstrepair thirteen the work on Scroll of Thanksgiving Songs."KRAKAUER SPINETS Sold at in Macy's Isaiah of the manuscriptcolumns is Since 1869 called Another Professor by

York New it could photographed.before be JANSSEN PIANOS Scroll Sukenik of the of "The World's largest War For more than 100 scroll fiftyfour Isaiah contains storeThe the of years. Light Children the with Chilcolumns in all; it is twentythree dren of Darkness."I am as yet not

....$98.50and threequarters feet long, and is prepared to speak of the nature of GETZENRONALD BANDSTUARTINSTRUMENTS

sheets parchment sewn up ofmade others, the though a newspaper reSOLOVOX"World's biggestby Hammondtoned spinet"scrollstogether. of the has Another port mentions a book of hymns

been identified as a commentary on similar to the Biblical psalms, a text Literature sent upon request the book of Habakkuk. This and the of the Book of Isaiah, and some

Isaiah scroll were all that Drs. apocryphal books never known in

Trever and Brownlee could repair Hebrew, but only in Greek translaand photograph before the Syrians tion.

found it necessary to go home at Dr. W. H. Brownlee has given a

4:15 that afternoon. However, they preliminary translation of the

left two of the other three scrolls Habakkuk scroll in the Bulletin of and a small fragment with the the American Schools of Oriental young scholars. These scrolls were Research for December 1948. RathNew to fitrepaired together and found er than attempt to describe Pianos this comWSrV scroll a complete ofso as to make I shall give mentary an illustration $495.00

eleven columns. This has since been ajnd up it handles of how Habakkuk

and 1:12, Terms So. E. 2130 11th as the Sectarian Document.known 13. Tradeins material This Salt City, Lake is found Ut. in Column

The manuscript was found to be 5 of the manuscript:

very dry, brittle, and tightly rolled, making the business of repair very For judgment, thou hast appointed him; SUGARHOUSE MUSIC CO.

difficult. The Sectarian Document O Rock, for his chastising hast thou orand the fragment were carefully dained him,

Too pure of eyes art thou to look upon photographed. evil;

The fourth scroll was found to be And to countenance wrongdoing thou art in such bad condition that Dr. Trevunable. (1:12.)

er could only it withphotograph KETCHUM of meaning the The is that passage Godout making attempt to unroll any Builders Supply Co. it. will destroy not His people of by the hand

As of the present writing I am not the nations; but by the hand of His elect, "Everything for the Builder"

asinformed to the nature of the will give the all of God judgment the na4th So. at 7th West Salt Lake City

tions; in their and suffer shall chastisement this ofcontents parchment. 5-4656 Phone all the his wicked from people among who soon Dr. as could Trever As LUMBER CEMENT his in keep the time their commandments of prints several from negatives,make PLASTER ROOFING distress; for it of is he speaks "too whom

he sent them off to Dr. Albright, the pure of eyes to look upon evil."The meanPLUMBING TOOLS

famous American expert, for his ing of this is that they do not lust after DOORS SASH opinions concerning the find. On their eyes to the doom of wickedness. HARDWARE PAINT

receiving them, Dr. Albright made Why do ye countenance the treacherous LINOLEUM METAL TRIM

an examination of the script and and keep silence ELECTRICAL SUPPLIES sent congratulations on "the great- (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1949 675 THE JERUSALEM SCROLLS (Continued from preceding page) different from that on the Isaiah

While the wicked doth swallow one more scroll or the "Sectarian Document."

righteous than himself? (1:13.) The Sectarian Document is

Its meaning concerns the house of Abthourlit to be a manual of discipline salom3 and the men of their counsel who of some Judaistic group. Conjecture

were silent at the reproof of the Teacher of has been that it came from the EsRighteousness did and not against help him

Lie, rejected the the Man of the who Law senes. The document refers to the

among all peoples. sons of Aaron, the Levites, the

whole people of Israel, and the total

My own inspection of Dr. Browngroup is assumed to be a numerous

lee's translation convinces me that one.

the Habakkuk commentary is very fanciful and the work of an unin- "\TS7hen the discovery of the Jeruspired man or men; nevertheless, it salem scrolls was first anwill prove of value in numerous nounced, I was overjoyed at the

ways to Bible scholars and hisprospect that the Isaiah document

See It! torians.The Habakkuk document has the mightof the verifytext of manyIsaiahofin thethe readingsBook of

I told Mormon. Nevertheless, beautifully most my preserved writing Hear It! Uniat BrighamYoung of all the scrolls in of the colleagues the hands

versity that my fingers were crossed Play It! Syrians. The damage done to it,

if the document had come which is considerable, has been—only

AT mostly the result of worms rather from a period antedating the time than its extreme age. The docuof Alexander the Great would there

ment as of now has a length of be a very good chance that the orig- H about sixty inches and may have inal text of Isaiah would be found 259 South State Street been sixtyseven inches in its origfairly intact. My fears were well

inal state. It is estimated that its founded, because when Dr. Burrows

Salt Lake City original height was seven inches. made his preliminary report on the

Dr. Trever reports that the scroll is text of Isaiah he stated that the text

made of a beautiful deep golden of Isaiah agrees with the present brown leather, rough and soft on Hebrew text of Isaiah to a remarkthe back side. The document is able degree. But every student of

composed of two sheets sewn tothe Book of Mormon will be intergether, the thread still being in good ested in observing that the document condition. The scribe seems to have points to fundamental omissions in

laid out horizontal lines to guide his the original text made a long time writing and vertical lines to indicate prior to the coming of Christ. In

the width of each column. The lines other words, many "plain and precan easily be seen and were evicious things"were deleted or lost

dently made with a dull tool of some from the text of Isaiah even before kind. The scribal handwriting is the time of Christ. (I Nephi 13:2829. ) This conclusion is based on

3According ence. He adds:to Dr."TheBrownleecommentatorthis isdoesa crypticnot givereferus the assumption that scholars have

the real rebel of a name leader. He refers

lived which to the up name of Absalom whoto rebelleda party dated the scroll correctly. In the

against his own father."light of present research there is no PRICELESS good reason to doubt their findings.

Jerusalem scrolls when pubWHEN YOU NEED IT The

There is no substitute for insurance... lished will go far towards helping

you need and when withit, willcostlyyoulosseshave..it?. PLOW IN THE SUNSET scholars to understand the history take chances Don't

Kolob Agent Your local insure and be sure!

... consult specialist him By Conrad Pendleton of Judaism in the period between the is an insurance frequently as your insurance needs change. Old and New Testaments as well

Let our agen help you choose the insurance Tts long day labor done, as aiding in the study of the text of needs your individual best to suited plan without plow The a team the Doubtless Old Testament. many AGENCY INSURANCE GENERAL A epic, Stands strange bright and at conclusions held by learned men... representInsurance of all types writing

sun, Against the evening Prompt claim stock companies. ing strong to relative time the present the Bible

settlement. toil like the passion of his And will board ones and go by the new Salisbury, Mgr. Frank

nurtures seeding That dream, will be established. The finding of

fertile breaths soil The from broken

Pulse down the wind the scrolls gives us reason for beAcross his mind... lieving that other Biblical manuDay ashens into night: scripts will yet be unearthed in the

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City Again the plow becomes the land's Near East and add to our resources

A common sword for peaceful hands. for understanding the scriptures.

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GlamourPuss

(Continued Irom page 630) and Jean waited for the fireworks.

But... surprise! There were none.

Stel smiled only looked at him and little settled selfconsciously.a That BEST BOOK NEWS IN YEARS

it. She was even willing to overcome her nasty disposition for the

boy. Funny, what? Suddenly Jean

felt tired; to turn she wanted and Here at Last a Bible Story Book all until the town, back to run way

she dropped exhausted, too wornthis dull to in the out weight Jeel it for the Youth of the Church! pit of her stomach. supposed She

should be in her heart; maybe her

anatomy was twisted.

Anyway, she increased her speed on the climb and started to sing.

Someone ahead of her cried, "Yeah, Jean,"and joined in. Soon pracBible Stories

tically everyone was singing. Every- <)l'kUv la*trD<Mi5t*ri*s fr'Saktt*"young;

one, that is, except Stel and Howdy who had dropped behind. Jean

granted herself the misery of just one look backward. She saw them FOR ME standing close to one another. Stel

was looking up into his eyes. He

looked like a man afraid of water, about to dive in. There was no - question about it, he was going to Ewwfc* G3r &*ttun Latter Day kiss Stel. Jean turned her head &.

swiftly and from a somewhat tight throat managed a soft, "Phooy."

The U had been painted, the crowd had joined hands to do a snake dance as they sang the school song, loudly and lustily, "I'm a right good fellow—I'm from Umutello

Good old Umutello High..."BY EMMA MARR PETERSEN

Jean's voice was loud and a little shrill. When the dance was ended,

(Continued on following page) Beautifully Illustrated

Interesting and Understandable

Gold Embossed Cloth Cover

Bookcraft takes pleasure in announcing the publication of this

Bible story book written especially for the youth of the church.

A volume that has been needed for a long time... a Bible

story book with the Latterday Saints'viewpoint expressed. Inspired

through diligent research and natural ability to write for young people, this children's classic by Emma Marr Petersen will be a lasting contribution to the literature of the Church. The rich,

beautiful stories will win the hearts of thousands of young Latterday Saints.

SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES

Write for listing of books and special discount privileges

BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

OCTOBER 1949 677 GLAMOURPUSS (Continued [com preceding page) "Sure does, Mister Howdy man. other night as Daisy Mae and Lil'

the crowd grouped around the fire How 'bout giving me a note on that Abner.

and someone said, "Give us a song, harmonica I seen you totin'?"No one could send on a harean. like could, her voice he monica andJ the cheers loud from were There cried, "Sure, keed. Give."Howdy all. at tonight. wasn't bad bad Not until his bent head crowd Howdy, a gentle her shove, gave and He singing, "Doctor, up They wound in kicked embarrassment, mock inshe of front the crowd. was She Chief,"Indian doing Lawyer, and at a the clumsily ground moment, past feeling selfconscious.was She sort of dance. Indian war some The her. joined so cute as then was He slapgagged, ears "Well, down my Stel, in joined except whole crowd

leg his long around one he wrapped it call corny. be?"and What'll me like child aloof spoiled stood a who

it almost that her hurt the other in the of "Give us 'Deep Heart just deprived the has been who

'happy, she Yet, was unbearably. called,Texas,'someone and stage. of the center

Howdy drawled, "Or don't youall for they were together; they were Suddenly, everyone began clamknow thet-a-one?"as they had been the mering for steaks. As Howdy giving—just

sharpened a long, forked stick he said to Jean, "Don't forget, I like

resist saycouldn't simply She tell Stel %iIR0NRITE"IS MY MOST VALUABLE mineing, well done."better you'd "Maybe

APPLIANCE!... that."He missed the sarcasm and anSays Mrs. Eva P. Greenwell swered, "Can you imagine her spoil1265 - 23rd St. ing those lovely hands over a campUtah Ogden,

fire?""I never ironing could dreamed that be fascinating fun! Ironing and with so much myso However, Stel had heard the reis too, Iron rite restful and even after the hard-

I est look day, forward can the mark and reached over for a stick to doing ironing weekly because real comfort, ease, and itefficiency.can be doneIronritewith saying, testily, "I can manage quite

irons perfectly everything from dainty undies all right, thank you."

shirts. to white heavy linens and

"It's wonderful to have such a helper in the She moved away from them and household appliance more has home. No I began searing a steak over the fire. and the more value to my Ironrite, me than

use it the more valuable it becomes."A wit on the other side was saying,

"I've roped and tied a steer deader

Model 80. (left) than this one."Everyone laughed.

IronOpen-model 85 Then something happened; no one rite. Modml

( shown abore) seemed to know quite what it was.

closedtop IronThey heard Stel scream; they saw

rite. Model 88. a small blaze moving up the arm of* CabinIronrite

ette with warpher sweater. Jean was beside her

proof, hardwood before anyone else could get there.

in mahogany top blond. She had seized the sports coat from or honey

"With its two completely Stel's shoulders, doubled it and was usable open ends, my Ironrite pressing its smothering weight will iron everything I ean wash, qnickly and beautifully."against the other girl's arm, fighting

to hold her as she did so. LowIronnleDown Payment—easy credit Stel wasn't burned; the flame had

terms. Ask about a FREE Home

Demonstration. caught on the brushed wool; but the

heavy knitting beneath had protected her arm. However, she was SEE ONE OF THESE IRONRITE DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION

sobbing against Howdy's shoulder,

IDAHO and the crowd was standing about

Furniture & Appliances Blackfoot Sam H. Jones, solicitous and attentive. All of a

Store Atkinson's Malad Appliance

Kirkham's Radio & Appliance Company Shelley sudden her sobs died down, and she

NEVADA picked up her coat, crying angrily,

Clark County Electric Company Las Vegas "Look at that coat. It's burned; it's

ruined. It won't ever be right

UTAH again."Brothers Ogden Read Company Furniture Schoss & Electric Company Ogden Jean turned away, tears smarting

Utah Appliance Company Provo her eyes. She walked over to a tree

Electric Blake Company Culligan Soft Water Service Salt LakeRichfieldCity and leaned against it as she took a

Peterson's Electric Appliance Company Salt Lake City handkerchief from her pocket and

Distributed by wrapped around two of her fingers

GORDON E. WILKINS—IRONERS, INC. 142 So. 5th W. Salt Lake City, Utah that had gotten too close to the fire.

She heard Howdy say, "Your arm 678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA might never have been all right... up in nothing flat, and his hand want to. You know, Jean, a guy

it... reached out detainingly. He said, couldn't ever get chummy with a

She didn't listen to any more. "Jean, I want to explain about staygal like her. There he'd be

After all, she knew when she was ing back with."Stel tonight. I feel stuck with a glamourpuss."licked. As her mother would say, like a heel—She couldn't help laughing, hearshe was young yet; some other nice He was ashamed. That was all. ing her own descriptive phrase

boy would come along... oh, sure. He was sorry because she had been coming from his lips. After a

Come along and pass her up. She hurt. But he needn't be. She still moment, she asked, flippantly, "Are

knew the routine. She might as didn't want any pity, thank you. you kidding?"

well take up the big sister act now She said, flippantly, "Oh, yes, and "Listen, you,"he growled, taking as later.... how've YOU been. Forget it."her by the shoulders, "I was just

She heard footsteps and pretend- "Shush,"he told her. "I'm talkgoing to ask you to the prom.

ed to be absorbed in watching someing. I wanted to tell you that I Haven't you any sense of timing?"

thing on the ground. Howdy's could have kissed her, she would "Sure have, mister, she whispered.

voice startled her. He had seen the have let me, but suddenly I didn't END

handkerchief, was saying, "Jeeps, you're hurt. Let me look at it."

"It's nothing, really,"she assured him, "Just the ends of two fingers."

But he was removing the handkerchief, murmuring, "Why, they're burnt...."He was holding the

palm of her hand in his two gentle ones. She felt she could stand any amount of pain if he GENEVA STEEL

would just go on holding it like that.

"Here we are without a thing todo for it,"he said, with concern. is helping

After a second or two, he murmured, "They used to tell us this carecure anything."would Very

kissed gently, he fully, very the to build a better West end of each of her fingers while the tears welled again to her eyes.

Why, she asked herself, must he do such things? Why must he THIS GREAT STEEL PLANT at Geneva, Utah

make her care so much when it didn't mean a thing to him? was designed and built to boost wartime producSome of the other kids had tion. It was purchased in 1946 from the government

noticed and were coming closer. by United States Steel for 47/2 million dollars. The

But she didn't want any pity. She Corporation is spending additional millions on imcried, "Eat your steak. Tomorrow

it may be hamburger."provements that will bring Geneva up to maximum

As the party was breaking up, capacity.

Stel came over to Jean. She didn't Combining Geneva Steel with Columbia Steel'slook quite so glamorous now with

smoke and tears smeared on her and Consolidated Western's California plants gives face, her hair disheveled. She said the entire Western region additional products to

youevenly, for what Jean, "Thanks, meet its evergrowing steel needs... and shows

did. I have reward guess you

enough. Anyway, I'd give a lot to United States Steel's faith in the future of this fasthave what you have. And I don't growing part of our country.

just mean Howdy. You're swell."

Howdy joined them, and Stel It is a policy based squarely on the belief that turned quickly to join a departing progress in any section of America is progress for group. all Americans.

Before they realized it, everyone had left. With Howdy so near to

her, she felt as scared as a new colt. UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION

say, thing to think of aShe couldn't for SUBSIDIARIES he, could neither apparentlyand he professed deep interest in the jacket. his Butzipper of when she H it zipped him, to fromstarted move

OCTOBER 1949 679 APRON STRINGS ( Continued from page 623 ) often has been talked to in adult group. They are not told all over language. Her mother has been

the neighborhood. No wonder such careful to explain and reason with

families feel mental, moral, and her. But this day an emergency

spiritual security in their home. One arose, and the mother made a restrong-minded young Gleaner girl quest of the little girl and added,

recently said, "At last my brother "Do it quickly."The fouryear-old

I have learned to disagree said, "But, Mother, you haven't told TV** mostATIONAL'Spopular and easyto-read Bible agreeably. Happy day!"me why."Quickly the mother

with the printed Christ words ofm sensed the need and with some force red Genuine leathFamily Life Forms Character said, "Janet, you are my little girl; er Limp covers

or over- (452CRL) rovers lapping <453Concordance with Good mothers are conscious that /memberam yourthatmother.HeavenlyDon'tFatheryou saidreCRL parents should "Train up a child in children should obey their mothers.

the way he should go."(Prov. Now, do as I asked you."The SINCE 1863

22:6.) Family life largely forms the child obeyed.

national bible charactercharacter isofessentialthe children.for successGoodin The obedient child is the happy

Wherever Bibles are Sold all phases of life. By precept and child. Children who are allowed to

example (merely telling is not have their own way become spoiled teaching ) you may teach your best for future usefulness. Cruel injustice

lessons. The actual working out of is rendered the child reared without

experiments in the home with brothlearning obedience to those placed ers and sisters will help your over them.

daughter to develop the qualities of sterling character. Making it a Future Responsibilities

point to have family discussions, exProper relationships in the home, periments, and decisions will show in society, in church, and in busiher that in disciplining your family, ness are essential in coping successyou are not just making a show of fully with everyday problems. For

are using all your daughter to acquire the ability your authority—you

means at hand to arrive at wise deto meet today's problems successcisions. fully points toward her power to

In her schoolroom your daughter shoulder tomorrow's responsibilties.

is accustomed to modern educational Proper attitudes, a strong sense of methods which include analysis, exvalues now, commensurate with her planation, reasoning. The wise age, speak well for future preparedmother doesn't give commands and ness. The community, the church,

expect immediate, blind obedience. the nation are no stronger than the

She is never an autocrat, she too homes of its people. If parentchild

analyzes, explains, reasons, and relationships are right, all other repersuades. There are times, howlationships come as a matter of

ever, when there is not time to wait course. To have one's own needs

PROFITABLE DAYS for reasoning, and then mother's and rights respected is the surest

AHEAD FOR admonition or request should be way to learn respect for the needs heeded simply because she is and rights of others. It is very

mother. I heard a good illustration helpful for your daughter to learn PUISH

GRADUATES of this recently. A little fourthe rules of good social conduct in Capitalize on QUISH yearold girl I know is very alert. her own home. It would be calammisfit. training You'll social to now! a a bo alitous be has child and is only an She competent beautician -when Latterday ideal an makes her with graduated. proWhat house QUISH in a lived ways

vides with technical you ideals It is of a home Saint home? grandtwo skill and mother, father, gained knowledge and ENROLL

in 25 SEND FOR learning the love makes where heard has NOW she necessity parents. Of FREE years.CATALOG TODAY!

much adult talk and reasoning and easier; where mother is trying hard

SCHOOL OF BEAUTY33i SOUTHCULTUREMAIN 11 PASSERBY

By Edgar C. Campbell

FOR HEADQUARTERS 1 faithful friend your been have smile I might a merry nod, /""oodbye! A IN LAS VEGAS, 4 here. NEVADAL. D. S. I tarried had If you passed me by; have And you

YE KING'S REST MOTEL Though I may never see you more, 526 5th STREET SOUTH Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner Your spirit hovers nigh. Adieu!Let flashOn soulsyour moregenialfortunatelight;

Foutz, Manager Edgar H. stranger, luck, many thanks, gay to pass Good had you bad Too Beautyrest Throughout Farewell! Mattresses glad tonight. made me You cheer, of touch a With just

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

(Continued from preceding page) to be what she wishes her daughter to become, ideals are built day by day, the self this girl will one day For Every Building Needbe was 1 t born with her; she is

making it,very day she lives. Sad *tn Industry

to say, some mothers are actual stumbling blocks to their daughters;

by careless conduct they retard andadversely affect the girl's developBUTLER ment toward the best in life. Your

daughter will in large measure reflect your home. There are excepSTEEL

tions, but in the main this is true.

Family Pleasures BUILDINGS Let's have loads of fun in our Use well engineered Butler family, Mother. This girl of yours Buildings for industry* comwill instinctively prefer the people merce or agriculture.

for details before youwith whom she has fun. You've in rarmmq buildAsk us that new -warehouse,heard her say, "She—or he—is such gymnasium, machine shop orfun."Mother and daughter fun has farm building—there's a Butler

building for every need.

a deep rich quality all its own. It's Available with galvanized

sort of like two generations merging iron or aluminum sheeting.

into a oneness. Good fun is not

dated, the things though some of are. fun definitely Every Phone do forwe

generation retains some of the old techniques as well as having their own new funthings to do. Be enthusiastic about the things she calls

fun. 'iiTiiiiTmniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiniiniiiiiiiiii\ V. Box 2015 Phones; 4-816? - 4-102*

Butler Link A good laugh, pleasing repartee, BeltBurch Hudsonthe happy mingling together of I.IMIIIlIllllllllllllllllllllllllNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllMlllllllllllllllllllllDuffNorton Illllllllllllli:

people does truly recreate us and P. O. Box 2015 -—- Salt Lake City. Utah

help us realize we must not take P. O. Box 121. Highland Station Denver 11, Colorado

ourselves too seriously if we are to P. O. Box 1184 Cheyenne, Wyoming

keep a perfect balance. Compare a

wholesome happy vivacious woman with a sober, serious, "sourpuss."

How dull and stifling and stinting it would be to live around the latter.

One mother says when things get a bit heavy and there are signs of The Hammond Organ Will Give "nerves"its time to have a party.

a very simple but a oneMaybe Your Chapel The Music of It trip,party. a be a canyon may

party on the beach, in the park or in your own back yard. Cathedral Quality

The great outof-doors is conThat is one of the many reasons why so stantly inviting us to enjoy its many L.D.S. Wards are enjoying their

beauties and partake of its healing Hammond. Other reasons are:

power. It's fun to pack a lunch

and hie away to a mountain spot, The only organ in the World you never need to tune.

to fish in a quiet pool near the bend Cost of upkeep is very small.

of the road and listen to friends and Can be placed anywhere and moved at will.

loved ones as they spread the table Easy to play.

in the grove nearby, or to sit Costs less than any comparable organ.

around a bonfire with the family and watch the flames rise and fade Write us or call in for full information until only a few red embers remain.

- easilyConfidences come at a BROS. time GLEN Established MUSIC1907 GO.OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY the family closerlike this, and seems

and more dear than before. If you

(Cjofitinued on following page)

OCTOBER 1949 'Apron Strings (Continued from preceding page) want a thrill, stand with your daughter in a grove of tall rees and watch the last lingering rays of sunlight fade from the tall branches 1 Balanced heat in every room—that's what you get and leaves. Your hearts will be

with a Lennox WarmAir Heating System, designed and stirred as you listen to the breeze "nstalled your requirements! to meet Call today for play about as you walk quietly on

survey FREE experienced by our heating engineers.

OIL* GAS* COAL "Cathedralthe thick ofcarpetthe pines"of needlefall.seems a fitting name for this place of peace,

World's Largest Manufacturers and your mind and heart instinctiveand Engineers of ly give reverence as your soul is LENNOX WarmAir Heating Systems filled with gratitude and thanksgiving.

SEE ONE OF THESE AUTHORIZED LENNOX DEALERS Then there are dozens of other

ABOUT YOUR HEATING PROBLEMS things the family can do just for the fun of it. Daughter and her friends

IDAHO can run the gamut of fun things,

MILES METAL WORKS Blackfoot from a "slumberless"party, with no

REED'S ELECTRIC COMPANY Gooding one else allowed, to a snowball

BROWN'S HEATING & APPLIANCE CO. 1 Idaho Falls fight, if and when snow is available.

THIEL AND OLSEN BROS. Montpelier Let's have fun.

BILL'S PLUMBING & HEATING..Paria Mothers, of all people, should

UTAH have a keen sense of humor. It can save the day. To see the humor of

D. H. SHIELDS PLUMBING & HEATING Moab a situation can turn tension and irWASATCH FURNACE & APPLIANCE Murray, Provo, Price ritation among the family into

smooth, easy living. Dinner time

is ideal for catching up on the stories, jokes, witticisms the family have encountered during the day.

They aid digestion also 'tis said.

"I heard a story"or "that reminds me"always catches instant attention. Father as a be renowned may PROFIT ALFALFA brother is improving. and doubled with iall storyteller,... can be as much as

application of Simplot Red Diamond* SuperFor instance, at the dinner table in phosphate on both old stands and new seeding. Tests prove yields often doubled and one of our fine homes recently the

more—protein creased—hay profitscontent oftenand feedingdoubledl value intwenty-yearold daughter was lookQualify for AAA payments with fall appliing very glum. Noticing it, her

cation. Ask your local Simplot Dealer for brother said, "Sis, when you're

Alfalfa Folder. down in the mouth, remember

Trade Mark Reg. U.S. Pat. Off. Jonah; he came out all right."

The fun side of living, good clean wit and humor, are most enjoyable, and all the family may join in, even

Pocaleilo, Idaho the tiny ones may make real conBigger Yields Better Quality Greater Profit tributions. Do you know of anySimolot Diamond Brand Fertilizers thing that so shrinks the stature

of a person as the telling of an unwholesome story? Also, wit

with an edge ceases to be funny; it

it Read the October Conference Addresses is cruel and hurts those at whom is aimed. There is no place for

of All the that in your family, is there,

General Authorities Mother? Shall we see to it that a

bright, clean, happy vein runs

In The November Issue of through our mountain of living. "A

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA medicine.merry heart..."doeth(Prov. 17:22.)good like a

12 Issues $2.50

( To Be Concluded) 682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PROBLEMS OF THE YOUTH OF THE CHURCH (Continued from page 633) not in rags, but in riches? It will ington at the treasury, in the mint.

little bit young to be much concome not in abject ugliness, but This one, shall we say for the sake cerned with this problem, but it like all things that are counterfeit, of discussion, was printed in someseems to me that a girl's conduct it will look as near like the real body's basement. Now let's put

and her standards in dress and thing as Satan can make it. Why this question of temptation up

her modesty have a lot to do with is it that we should love this Church squarely. If a man wants to give

the way she gets along later in and stay close to it? Because there you a bad dollar bill, does he come

life. isn't one of us, no, not one, who up like this and say: "How do you

Hardy: Sharon, you're making a has the wisdom of himself to know do, friend, I have here two dollar

point that wise teachers have given at each juncture of life what is good bills; look pretty nice, don't they?

us for many years: we have the and what is false. I have here in This is a real one; this one is just

power more than we realize at a my wallet two dollar bills. One about as good as real. Of course, if

given moment to determine the of them is an interesting dollar bill. you'll look closely you'll see the

course we take. So often when we This one was printed back in Wash- {Continued on following page)

say we are a victim of circumstances, what we should say is that we're the victim of some unwise thinking and some unwise actions on our own part.

Collinson: If young people

would just look ahead a few years to the time when they are choosing their companions, to the time when Energythey'll be planning a home and the More food rearing of a family, if they could just realize while they're yet young the importance of moral purity,

I'm sure not one of them would do anything to mar his life in any way that would make him unManyTable QueenmothersBreadmakean Royalimportant worthy as a companion. In the food for their children. It supplies

years to come, if the husband and vitamjns, iron and proteins wife have kept themselves morally which all children need in clean, how great shall be their joy, abundance. In every slice of

for their life will not be one of reRoyal Bread you get the good morse and regret, but there will substantial food value that come to them an inner peace and a everyone needs every day. Royal Baking Company

contentment that those who failed Salt Lake & Ogden to do this little realize.

Hardy: I hope there isn't a young

person in this Church who will fail to catch the wisdom of moral cleanness. I hope there isn't a boy

or a girl who hasn't learned that if they'll conserve their life resources while they're young, they will have a rich and beautiful maturity. If they will be loyal, the

companion that they one day will choose to be with, in our Church, not until death do them part, but for time and for all eternity, they will understand why God has placed such a heavy responsibility for the clean life on young men and women. I was taught to avoid temptation, and I was told that I would

know temptation because it would be ugly and repulsive. My brothers

and sisters, if my experience is worth anything to you, may I counsel with you that temptation, when it comes into your life, will come

OCTOBER 1949 683 PROBLEMS OF THE YOUTH OF THE CHURCH (Continued from preceding page) in the world, I was shocked at some seek for in the girl of their choice.

print has run down here in the of the things she told me that go on Collinson: I believe that a young

corner, and the word is misspelled in her sorority. I think with the man who has a desire to do right,

up here, but they look almost the exception of herself all of the girls one who loves the gospel of Jesus same. Which one would you like smoke and drink. That's the kind Christ, one who honors and magnito take?"Temptations or counterof refreshment that they have in fies his calling in the priesthood,

feiters hardly ever come up and their sorority parties. Then they and is striving to keep himself ungive you a complete story like that. have parties with the high school spotted from the world, I believe

The man who would deceive you fraternities, and it is the same thing that when he seeks to find a comwalks up while you're not looking, all over again. Now this girl's panion, he'll choose one that has

and without even pointing out what pitfall, and it may be a pitfall, I the same high ideals that he has.

he has given you, he hands you a hope it won't be, is that she has I know that in the world generally false bill, and you walk away if "fallen,"shall we say, for one of it seems that physical beauty is you are not wise, only to find in these boys in the fraternity who is the greatest attraction. However,

your hand something that will turn a very worldly young man, to say I do not believe that is true. I beto ashes—something that has no the least. He's very handsome; he lieve that a young man who has

value. My brothers and sisters, has a nice personality, but he kept himself clean and in good

young men and young women of doesn't have the standards and standing in the Church will look this Church, you cannot afford to ideals that this fine girl has. Now for that spiritual beauty that is

be without the companionship of the possessed only by those who are

Holy Ghost. You need to know clean and pure. Understanding the

every temptation that comes to you. true purpose of life, I am sure that

You need to be able to say with the AUTUMN SONG he will search for a young woman power of the Lord, "Get thee beBy Grace Stillman Minck who will make a good helpmate for hind me, Satan,"and know in which him throughout life, one who'll make he mother direction and one worthy you're whom moving. Now, HThese-*- long are the days for dreaming, amber a love can have and cherish andwe'll Girls. turn to our Gleaner

mellow with remembering, with song And throughout all eternities to come. I

hour, these an are a moment; Of many Beverly: I'd like to know how a

that's believe young what a clean daysgirl in the can live age world and my for. will be searching introspective beauty comes and manyet sins not partake the of of the When

world. There are so many excitsways Hardy: Beverly, when you asked

ing activities going on all the time, The listening heart to touch on thoughts this question, "Can a Latterday of youth Saint girl do all of these things and and we want to join right in with It had forgotten and to harbor truth yet not be part of the world?"I

justthe loads of have and crowd time wintry tomorrows For any may that of you're aware where knowfun. to a have want wide and We for acceptance. wise, thou Thread Be that from. question beJust came

friends,diversified of group and we heart, lay crucified, Savior fore our he was full life to of happy. bewant and lengths, Do that breathe witchery, a Autumn the there into garden, and went

if believe, that spirit's Brother Hardy, thy tapestry. Heartspun,you upon

I is offered knelt suppose and what to stay the close Church andwe will that ever greatest the prayer life live that to thetry of kind be offered. One of the things heJesus wants us to live, that we'll

still be attractive and sought after? said in that prayer should burn

she wants to impress him. She deep in the heart of every LatterHardy: There are a lot of girls wants to be the kind of girl who will day Saint. The Lord was praying

who ask that same question: if I attract him, and that's where the for those who took his name and

live all the standards of the Church, danger lies. Suppose she should followed him, and we are in that

will I be just as attractive to other change her standards to fit this position. He said:

I if I didn't aspeople have be would will only lose man's? she young Not

that shouldest take them thou not I prayto Sister to those standards? hold on sight of things that the Church and that the world, shouldest but of thou out in I'mStout, sure back Washington to her, she's are also important but evil. the from them keep

you've answered that question for going to lose that young man's reThey are not of the world, even as I a lot of girls. What do you say spect, and she will have lost all the am not of the world.

thy truth: thy through them Sanctifyabout it? way around. I have counseled her

is truth. 17:1517.) (John word

Stout: I surely have. I agree at length on that subject and so

that this question that Beverly has have her parents, who are very Beverly, there isn't anything that brought up is one of the most trying much concerned about her. The is beautiful, that is sweet, that is

that faces our young people today. thing we should do is to get her attractive about a girl, that can't

I'm thinking of a particular case back with the young people of the fit comfortably within the standards back in Washington of a young Church if we possibly can. of the gospel of Jesus Christ. No

high school girl who wanted to join Hardy: Brother Collinson, I'm girl who is thinking straight needs

the high school sorority, and she going to turn right to you and ask to have any question about that, did that. And while I think I am you if you'd be a brave man and say for when her standards take the

quite well aware of what's going on what real qualities our young men (Continued on following page) 684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA guide, all other compromises fall by the wayside.

Collinson: I am concerned with

our failure, as Latterday Saints, to live up to all that we know to be just and true. There are far too

many times that we find individuals who profess to believe in certain ideals, and then turn right around and act as if they didn't have any standards at all. And with this

tendency, there is generally a very critical attitude expressed toward the Church and its leaders.

Hardy: Doesn't that indicate

something very wrong in our fundamental thinking? Important as it is

that we get knowledge, that we get Here's one of the many types of kitchcan ens you with Curtis sechave isn't important it vastlytruth, more units. is This the popular "U"learn to applythat how we that For Complete Information tionalstyle. the big, Note cabinets roomy

truth in our lives? For all the book with everything within easy reach

learning, as the expression goes, SEE YOUR FRIENDLY planned to save you steps. You may

that we can heap upon ourselves fewstart cabinetsyour newandkitchenadd othersnow withlater,a won't accomplish a thing unless LUMBER DEALER if desired.

with all our getting we get understanding. We need to apply the

truths we learn; otherwise they'll THE MARK OP SALT LAKE CITY

be of no value to us. You know OIAL 3-2611

POCATELLO.IDA

in earlyit's PHONE surprising how

NEVADA RENO inconhabits of these develop BIKLONG TUIBER.ROCK.PAPERPRODUCTSFORPURPOSESwe 2-2196 DIAL 334 I life I REZt.IABIL.ITY have the Scoutssistency. do David,

trouble that way?

David: When the scoutmaster's

back is turned there is always one boy who'll pull out a flipper or a a squirt gun, and just as long as he doesn't get caught, he thinks it's THAN BUSINESS all right. Sharon: What David says is MORE TRAINING

also true among the people my age. Besides preparing you for a business

Too often boys and girls will do career with thorough training, the L.D.S.

or say things when they are alone Businessvantages: College offers these other adthat they wouldn't even dream of

L.D.S. Institute of Religion withdoing or saying if they were with

other people. Lambda Delta Sigma activities.

Beverly: A while ago, when we An environment of inspiration and

were discussing Reed's problem Returned missionaries will enculture.

friendassociations, joy the faculty interested in young peo- A from staying fellowsabout away reactivities of the ship and ple. organizamissionaries turned into they got badthe Church when

tion. habits, I thought that the real need New classes are forming and students was for us to teach them how to may register now.

repent. They are still sort of lost,

and they want to come back, most Write todayof them. They want to gain their for further BUSINESS COLLEGE

70 North Main Salt Lake Cityselfrespect and confidence and information. LD.S.

have their old friends.

The Lord has given us in the Church as one of four cardinal the gospelprinciples LANKERSHIM of of Jesus HOTEL 7th & BROADWAY THE IMPROVEMENT ERA principle of repentance.Christ this

And I hope that I won't be guilty HeadquartersMODERATEfor L. D. S.RATESin Los Angeles "The Voice of the Church'

of oversimplification if I outline FRANK R. WISHON. Operator

four fundamental steps that young LOS ANGELES 12 issues $2.50

people need to know to understand TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE'{Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1949 685 of the Youth STOP THOSE Problems

NOISY GEARS! ATTENTION! of the Church

M MEN TEAMSandConcludedapply thefromprincipleprecedingof page)repentSCOUT TEAMS ance.nize thatFirst:he hasA persondone wrong—andmust recogthat isn't easy. always must We WHOLESALE PRICES

to right perceive wrong. know

to ALL Church Teams Second, a person having done wrong must feel sorrow for it.

Complete Basketball Uniforms And again that isn't easy. Many

Last Bilt Basketballs of us do wrong things every day

All Star Basketball Shoes and have no remorse or no sorrowful feeling. Third, trying to make

Colored Top Goodrich P F Shoes right the wrong that you've done.

Have you ever had to go to another

Complete Line of person that you've injured sorely?

BASKETBALL ACCESSORIES Have you experienced the futility of trying to make right what you've

Over 50 Years in Business done wrong? If you've tried that,

you know that repentance calls for the finest we have in us, calls WYNN'S FRICTION PROOFWESTERN ARMS for a refinement of our spirits, and 02. bottle, in the 4 OIL ING

literally label) a a deep humility, and a deep sense (blue performs miracle when added to transCOMPANY of gratitude to God for the capacity differential! mission NothBill and I this. to achieve the power Paddy and

it noisy equals for quieting ing 32 South 2nd West will say person young no hope gears. stops Transmission howl

City, Salt Utah Lake instantly! almost to told of a Brother way Hardy

5-8533 Phone it too, in easily. wonders, sin of Works HYout and get commit

POID units. Ask your Garage

or Service Station man. And the fourth, and on this the

of of LatterJesus Christ H. M. true foursquare: stands HICKS A FASCINATING dayChurchSaints Distributors Utah SPANISH FORK, UTAH SOURCE BOOK repentance means turning away

for Missionaries and Students of from the things that you've done the Book of Mormon wrong and never again doing them.

clear? Acknowledging a YARN SAMPLES FOR Are they

wrong; feeling sorry for it; trying

to make right the thing you've done KNITTERS! THE AMERICAS

wrong; and altogether forsaking

that thing that you've done wrong. Send 10c for handy BEFORE COLUMBUS

big Yarn Shop 300 Large Photos—176 Pages Reed: When a fellow's done

Full Book. Swatch

of actual of of information regarding the Ancient Americans wrong, to whom can he go to get samples thinking and actions put buildings and temples. his and their ruined19 fine yarns

straight? assome fn as many Price $5.00

51 gorgeous colors! Hardy: This Church is filled with

dresses, sweaters, socks, baby things,For women who love the girls and boysafghans, knit—here everything you are all A Companion Book, a Saga of

the yarn types, weights, qualities you need. of the Church, and men who love

Including new nylon and nylonand-wool. Ancient America God and love the souls of his chilKNIT FOR LESS! Thousands dren. There isn't one of them who

the satisfied use customers of willing wouldn't to try in a pracbe SHEEP OTHER to Book Swatch Shop YARN Yarn to help set thinking your tical way story of the adventures of a Nephite at low An exciting yarns order by mail "factoryto-you"prices. couple who experience the terrible events, prostraight. But be cautious about

Savior. the ceeding the coming of Price $1.00. whom you choose to confide in. The Yarn Shop, 558 Alabama St., San Francisco 10, Calif. to Discounts accredited Regular missionaries

You young men, honor your priesthood and Y.M.M.I.A. leadership,

PRICES SPECIAL COMBINATION and honor your women, you young HAUOWEEN or above, postpaid the for $5.50 "Amerileaders, those Y.W.M.I.A. who 5 edition paHTVTREAT'i casBothBeforeof "The Columbus"and 9th of

Last Days"for only $6.25. are placed in authority over you,

for God has chosen them, and they '* Guaranteed by '* have power to help you with your Good Housekeeping t tIME THE PYRAMID PRESS 609 So. 2nd East Salt Lake City 2, Utah problems.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

VL Wontk With CHURCH PUBUCATIONS KNIGHT OF THE KINGDOM

Story of Richard Ballantyne The Instructor..

by Conway B. Sonne'T'he Instructor for October highlights has continued, as the magaAround the world without purse or scrip.

zine has included throughout this Sunday School centennial year, the beAdventures in foreign lands and faithbuilding ginnings of Sunday Schools in the experiences at home.

various sections of the Church, as well as retelling the overall picture of the Story of the founder of the Sunday Schools growth of the Sunday School moveamong the Latterday Saints.

ment.

Elder Wallace G. Bennett, former

secretary of the European Mission andrecently returned from that mission, $2.25

writes of the Sunday School in Northern Narvik and of the NorwegianSaints who claim to have the most DESERET BOOK COMPANY northern L. D. S. Sabbath school. 44 East South Temple Street

Elder Bennett also begins a series of Salt Lake City, Utah three articles on the Sunday schools in Eastern Europe—devoting this first

article to the East German Mission whose members live mostly in the

Russian zone of Germany. It is well

worth reading and pondering.

6-PASSENGER SEDANThe Children's Friend.. New Dodge

\I7hat children will not find the

VV October issue of The Children's

Friend as breezy as the autumn winds that skitter the leaves in the Indian summer of the year? The Magic Circle by William L. Woodall is one of

the features that will please, as also will My Magic Engine by Jean Jarvis

Berbert, Flash Flood by Faith Y.

Knoop, The Children and the Pie Shop This is the most talked of car in America. Do not be

P. Russell,by Solveig Leaf The Little satisfied with just a look... TAKE A RIDE in the NEWthat by Waited Dunn, Mary Elizabeth

Scamper by Willard Luce, and many WAYFARER other features, including the serial, The 6-Passenger Sedan

Ghost of Last Chance by Dorothy

Clapp Robinson. For Only IMMEDIATE DELIVERY $186500

..The Relief Society Magazine LYMAN MOTOR CO. article that deserves special/\ne

commendation—even though it is 6th So. and Main SALT LAKE CITY Phone 4-8481

hard to make such a statement—is

Adoption of Children by Mary L.

Dillman. This is so important an action

that people need to be informed about it. Other features that will prove of

worth deal with the home and handwork to improve the home. Such A NEW PAIR

capable writers as Christine H. Robinson, Christine Easton, Gladys I. HamilFREE...

ton, Margery S. Stewart, Mary Grant

Judd, Rachel K. Laurgaard, Nellie O. IF THEY RIP!

Parker, all have contributions to make.

The poetry for the October issue of the magazine also includes wellknown names, such as Eva Willes WangsAMERICA'S FINEST gaard, Christie Lund Coles, Grace OVERALL Since 1 850Sayre, Iris W. Schow, Dorothy J.

Roberts, Lael W. Hill, and others.OCTOBER 1949 MM 687

Nutrioso, Arizona Editors: Dear L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES OF ADDRESSES

the for at last appreciation of a Era; Here word was Just 1 St., Calif. Diego, 24th Cor. 24th 104 "C,"San &

for, the the searching and door been I had was what Era J Calif. St., Marysville, 615 "F"

religious truth to me. world for a a which It had new opened St., Honolulu, Beretania So. T.H. 1594

in into the Saint bringing Latterday influence great me

Church, and so I say again "thank you for The Improvement

Era."Gratefully, The Teacher (Mrs.) Margaret Webster

ancient king decided to honor the one adjudged greatest ANof his subjects. One was praised because of his wealth—Scottsbluff StarHerald and property. Another was lauded for his knowledge of

Ann Arbor, Michigan law; another for his power of healing the sick, and so on,

May 1, 1949 each of whom had brought honor to himself, the king and the

Dear Editors: country. Then came another candidate—a stooped, shabbily

... I have followed the recent article, "Baptism for the dressed old woman, from whose dim eyes shone the light of

Dead in Ancient Times."I am continually amazed at the hv knowledge, understanding, and love.

formation that we can obtain from The Improvement Era. It "Who is this?"demanded the king. "What has she done?"

will always be a consulting library in our home. "You have seen and heard all the others,"was the reply.

Sincerely, "This is their teacher."

Cyrus J. Webber, Jr. The people applauded mightily and the king descended from

his throne to do her Hovis Forney COOPERATION IN TACOMA CENTRAL WARD honor.—WilliamSentinel Printing Co.

Cooperation is meaning something new to the members of the Tacoma Central Ward—cooperation in putting bricks and lumber and steel together for a new chapel. Many of the ward members have given their

effort. oft in the days

Construction was begun July 6, 1948, with donated labor performing THE LIGHT TOUCH most of the excavation, rough carpenter work, and rock lathing for the plaster.

The steeple was built on the ground by the help of many hands of Hard to Take donated labor from members and from nonmembers who caught the fine, into place spirit for something by cooperation and raised of a crane. truck '*I 'HEfivewardenM.P.'s throughof a largethe prisoninstitution.was Theyescortingpasseda partythroughof E. B. Harris, pictured are: F. H. Bishop Andervolunteer workers The

son, representative of the Architects and Construction supervisor, and L. a room where two women were busy sewing.

(the supervisor, assistant construction financial and chairman Seal, C. out of this the said: room, M.P.'s they went one of As

are: Harris, Nichols, others right); the Geraldine three Evelyn on Marian hardlooking what are they in for?"women! "My What Christiansen, Meril Septan, Johnson, Arthur Verne Haney, Vola Haney,

Miles Merrill, Franklin Seal, Dick Johnson, Ross Anderson, Keith Barber, With ice in his voice the warden replied: "They are here

Johnson, Wallace Jack Vandervest, other they Dan O'Brien, Dorothy Hillhouse, Captain because have home. no That is our private living

Johnson. Hillhouse, and Ernest John are they wife room, and and motherin-law."my

—Photograph by Richards

Knows All uCo YOU attend Sunday School regularly?"asked the bishop. "Oh, yes, sir,"answered the little girl.

"And you know your Bible?"

"Oh, yes, sir."

"Could you perhaps tell me something that is in it?"

"I could tell you everything that's in it."

"Indeed,"smiled the bishop. "Do tell me."

"Sister's boy friend's snapshots and Mama's recipe for vanishing cream, and a lock of my hair cut off when I was a baby."

Time

The real secret of how to use time is to pack it as you would your luggage, filling up the small spaces with small things. Henry Haddow, from Wesley News

Censorship

An elderly colored woman who is one of the bestliked persons in her community was asked what her formula was for making and keeping friends.

"Well, honey, dey-'s jes'one rule I follows,"she replied.

"I'se alius mighty careful to stop and taste mah words 'fore

I lets 'em pass mah teeth."

If you can't write it and sign it—don't say it.

The best place to spend your vacation is just inside your income.

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Where Smart Car Owners Get Together

You'll find good neighbors, good service and good gasoline at stations where you see the famous orange and black Phillips 66 Shield. Stop

in and discover what a pleasure it is to use a gasoline that's controlled to help your car deliver highlevel performance all year 'round.

On the hills and on the straightaway

Phillips 66 will prove itself to you.

It's a great motor fuel!

IH WASATCH COUNTRY LOOK FOR THIS SIGH, TOO

PHILLIPS 66 GASOLINE ur--m

The Oldest Living Thing

In Mariposa Grove, Yosemite National Park, is found the i SequoiaThis colossusgigantea,of the orforest"bigtree."is native only to California, where

its age sometimes exceeds 3,000 years. It is called the largest of

all trees and the "oldest living '- ii thing."Having a strong resistOpi-'Pf* PF"el "-V- r

ance to attack of insects, fungal parasites and to fire, because of '&&$* '* IIjS * the presence of tannin, and the absence of resin and pectal, "bigtree"longevity might partially be credited to the fact that it carries its own life insurance... a wise provision in any wellplanned existence.

**t!.

;;: - fsji

i hT.

Ml '?>;..'"! v

yd** ''*v v*

mHp

tt %*'ys$#rc&...,......, iJ &

Hi $il

- **... - fZZii -. -

**——f o/ a series from

latitat R+nificialand"