THE PROPER INSTRUMENT

for YOUNG MEN The BEUSCHER TRUETONE SAXAPHONE Absolutely The World's Best

The Most Popular Instrument of the day

Easy to Play Easy to Pay

Write for Catalogue

JOSEPHJ OAYNES J*PRESIDENT CAPITAL*SOO, OOO O "OLDER. THAN THE STATE OF UTAH"

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United State* If paid la advance, 20c extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here

In our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurement*. Lowest

plrces on market. Mall your order to us now and say yon saw It la the

"Improvement Era."If order Is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light summer weight bleached $1.40

11 Light weight cotton 1.80

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

00 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white Silklleen S.40

18 All Merino Wool 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 length, as desired. Longer than 64

Inches or over 44 In. bust, each size 20c extra. Garments with double

backs 25c extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust aronnd body under arms; length from center on top f

shoulder down to Inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments aot

accepted. 'j I 1

We manufacture sweater coats, Jersey goods and underwear, also flannel shirts and Mackinaw coats.

MODEL KNITTING WORKS FRANKLYN CHRISTIANSON, Manager 657 TveTsoa St., Salt Lake Cty, Utah Phone Hy. 516

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Time's Goal We think of Bethlehem, its plains we see,

And glorious star, the orb of Destiny

See it illume the darkness of the night

That lies 'twixt us and where the path is bright;

And we can hear the heavenly lullaby,

That seems to sweep adown the arch of sky

Then many voices singing, "Peace on Earth,"

Announce to all the world the Christ Child's birth.

Now we can understand the melody

Not then peace to come, but in time to be;

And now we know a night must surely come,

A chasm crossed before the height is won

And all the world be troubled near and far,

Until appears again the Morning Star.

Time, speeding on, will near its goal be, when

World epochs are in comes again. line,—Christ

Lydia D. Alder

COHPO CJ en

HZ to<

PL)oo anH

Sis*

Vol. XXV DECEMBER, 1921 No. 2

The Imperial Valley A Warning to the Watchmen on the Towers of Zion*

By President Anthony W. Ivins

I shall read, my brethren and sisters, from the seventeenth chapter of Isaiah, the twelfth verse:

Woe to the multitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like

the rushing of mighty waters.

The nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters, but God shall rebuke them, and they shall flee far off, and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before the wind, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind.

The Story of the Imperial ValleyIt was not until recent years that men realized that there existed, in the extreme southeastern part of California, and extending across the border line south into Mexico, a valley which, by the application of the intelligence of man, could be converted into a veritable empire, where before had existed only a desert waste. For ages it had lain there, a sunbaked, unproductive

land, avoided by the traveler, dreaded as a place where death from thirst awaited the unfortunate who might be caught in its toils.

The great Colorado river flowed past it, but its lifegiving current had never been diverted that the thirsty land might drink and live.

Experienced engineers were called in for consultation, a great irrigation system was planned and finally developed, with the result that the Imperial Valley became one of the most productive in all our land, providing homes for many people.

*An address delivered at the 92d semiannual conference of the Church

October 6, 1921.

98 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Then, one day, word was flashed to the people of the valley which threw them into a condition of consternation and confusion. The head gates which controlled the waters of the great

river had given way, at the point of diversion, and a mighty flood was pouring into the basin of the extinct Salton Sea. This

basin once filled, the flood would sweep on, and the Imperial

Valley would become, what in the remote past it had been, the bottom of a sea.

What was to be done to avert this disaster? The people

did not abandon their homes and flee in confusion and terror, but with united front set themselves to the task of checking the onrushing flood, and confining the raging waters to their proper channel. The Government, when appealed to, cheerfully

responded, the railroads extended every aid in the effort put forth, again the engineers were called in, and as a result of the effort of these combined forces the flood was staid, the development of the valley continued, and the people, whose very existence had been threatened, remained in undisputed possession of their homes. It was from this incident that Harold

Bell Wright obtained the material for his very interesting story,

The Winning of Barbara Worth.

Its Application

I have related this story because it appears to be applicable to the remarks which I desire,with the help of the Lord,to make.

One hundred years ago the world was a barren waste so far as correct knowledge of God was concerned. His personality, his

attributes, his purposes and handdealings with the children of men, both as they apply to the past, the present and the future, were misunderstod. The river of understanding had always

flowed by, but no one appeared to realize that the thirsty earth was perishing for want of the lifegiving influence of its current, until through the wisdom of an inspired engineer the waters of the river were diverted, and by the lifegiving influence which flows from God, through the channel of his Priesthood, the desert waste began again to produce, and for nearly a century the Lord of the Vineyard has garnered much good fruit, and the people of the valley have dwelt in security and peace.

Have the People of the Valley Become Careless in Their

Fancied Security?

In the meantime other streams have found their way into the channel of the river, streams coming from the summits of the stormswept peaks above, bearing in their current silt, and bowlders, and uprooted trees, which have converted the once

THE IMPERIAL VALLEY 99

quietly flowing current into a turbulent torrent, which is beating against the diversion dam with well nigh resistless fury.

Have the people of the valley become careless and indifferent in their fancied security? Do they appreciate the fact that

even cement will gradually wear away, and must be replaced?

Do they realize that the abutments of the diversion dam are trembling under the pressure of the flood, and that if they once give way this great turbulent river of humanity will rush in and engulf them? Let us see.

Since my earliest recollection I have heard the men who have been chosen to direct the affairs of the Church, and give counsel to its members testify that these valleys of the mountains, to which the Lord brought the people under the leadership of his servant and prophet, Brigham Young, was a choice land. A

land which had been held in reserve, that an ensign might be raised here to which modern Israel would be gathered. That it

was our heritage and should never be permitted to pass from our hands into the possession of strangers. That we should be,

as far as possible, an independent, selfsupporting people, and above all else that we should keep ourselves clean and unspotted from the sins of the world, and free from the bondage of debt.

A Warning Voice I well remember a time when, in the county of the state where I was, for a number of years, assessor and collector, there was not a home or farm on which there was a mortgage, nor a dollar of bonded indebtedness. At the October conference, ten

years ago, speaking from this pulpit, President Joseph F. Smith

said: "If there is anyone here who is in debt, I would advise that when he goes home, and when I go home, too, that we will begin with a determination that we will pay our debts, and meet all of our obligations just as quickly as the Lord will enable us to do it. If there is anyone here who is intending to go into debt

for speculation I would advise him to hesitate, pray over it, carefully consider it before he obligates himself by borrowing money and going into debt. In other words, keep out of debt.

That means me as well as everyone else."

The Burden of the Great War I know of no way by which proper conclusions may be reached except by comparison. Let us see what our condition

today, as it applies to this question, is, as compared with ten years ago.

We have only recently, as you know, emerged from a great world war, tremendously expensive, more so than any other war 100 IMPROVEMENT ERA has been. A war, the direct cost of which amounts, according to

the most conservative figures at my disposal, to two hundred billions of dollars, an amount almost beyond the conception of the human mind. There should be added to this, for material

damage wrought, and for the loss in productive power of nine millions of men who have been killed and wounded, so that they are permanently disqualified for useful labor, another fifty billions of dollars at the least, so that the war has cost the world at least two hundred and fifty billions of dollars.

This burden, of course, does not fall directly upon us. Still

we are obliged to share it. We cannot deny the fact that whatever obligation has come to the world, as a result of the war,

we are more or less affected by it. Our own national debt

amounts to twentyfour billions of dollars, an amount, though small by comparison, is still beyond our ordinary comprehension. The interest on this amount is about one billion of

dollars. Of this debt, we as citizens of the United States, must

bear our proportionate part.

Our Local Financial Condition Of more direct interest to us, because we alone are responsible for it, is the fact that our state, county and municipal indebtedness, including corporation bonds, realty mortgages, bank loans and discounts, as near as I have been able to obtain them, and I think the figures are under rather than above the facts, amount to more than one hundred and seventythree millions, seven hundred and twentyone thousand dollars. This

amount the people of the state must pay. Calculating the interest at seven per cent, which I regard as conservative, they must

pay twelve million one hundred and forty thousand dollars every year in interest, and beside that we know that the debt itself must be ultimately redeemed.

The Warning Voice Unheeded The value of Utah farm lands and improvements, as reported by the United States Census Bureau of 1920, is eightyfour million, five hundred seventyeight thousand, one hundred and ninety dollars. That is valuing these farms at four times

as much as they were valued at ten years ago, at the time the conference to which I have referred was held. These farms are

mortgaged today for twentyfour million, three hundred thirtyfour thousand, six hundred thirtysix dollars, according to Government reports which have been furnished me from Washington. Ten years ago these same farms were mortgaged for four

million, five hundred sixtyfour thousand, one hundred seventyfive dollars.

THE IMPERIAL VALLEY 101

Now, if it is true that our farms have increased in value four hundred per cent during the past ten years, the condition is not so alarming, but if it is a fact that the value of our farms have depreciated in proportion, as other securities have during the past three years, they are mortgaged for far more than their real value.

It appears, then, that the voice of the servant of the Lord fell upon deaf ears, so far as the people at large are concerned.

There were some, it is true, who saw the coming of the flood and prepared to meet it.

The Lord has said that preceding the coming of the Son of man, in the dispensation in which we live, conditions would be as they were in the days of Noah. He warned the people of

coming disaster, pleaded with them to enter into the ark with him, and be saved, but they laughed him to scorn, and refused to prepare, by repentance from their wickedness, for the deluge which he declared would come.

Where the Bondage of Debt Falls

I know of no other factor which has had such potent influence in the dissolution of nations which have flourished and passed away, as has bondage of debt. When nations become

debtors the only means of providing revenue with which to meet their obligations is by taxation. This burden falls heaviest upon the masses, the common people, who are the producers of

the indispensable necessities of life.

The men who till the soil, who tend the flocks and herds, who dig from the earth the treasures which are hidden there, the men who take the raw materials which are provided by nature and convert them into the things which man requires for his convenience and comfort, who are real producers, they are the people who do the world's work, fight the world's battles, and pay the world's taxes.

I know there are those who will not agree with me in this statement, and I shall not discuss it with them at this time, only to say that I have given the subject as careful study as I am capable of doing, and have concluded that commerce, the professions, and the great industrial system of our country find means by which the burden of taxation may be shifted until in the last analysis it falls heaviest on the classes to which I have referred.

Avoid Mortgaging the Home My remarks are directed more particularly to my brethren who are engaged in agricultural pursuits. Israel has always

are told that aboutbeen an agricultural and pastoral people. We

102 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fifty millions of dollars of our securities are now in the possession of the Federal Reserve Bank. The past we cannot well

remedy, but we can, so far as the future is concerned, profit by its experiences. I feel that every mother of a family is entitled

to a home, to shelter her and her children, upon which there is no mortgage, and I plead with my brethren to keep mortgages from their farms and homes so far as it is possible.

What Caused the Disruption of the Kingdom of Israel?

It was the burden of debt, and excessive taxation which accompanies it that caused the disruption of the great kingdom of Israel. At the death of Solomon, during whose reign Israel

rose to the zenith of her power and glory, his son Rehoboam succeeded to the throne of David. And the people came up and

said to him, Thy father made our yoke grievous, now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father and the heavy yoke which he put upon us lighter, and we will serve thee. The

old men of the kingdom, men of experience, who were in sympathy with the people who made the petition, advised the young king to accede to this demand, but the young men, the companions of his youth, said, No, these old men are too conservative, they are not progressive, the glory and prestige of our court must be maintained regardless of cost, these people are the subjects of the king; if they persist, we will go against them

with our organized forces, and will subject them to the discipline of the state.

The result was that when the people returned for an answer to their appeal the king said: "Whereas, my father placed heavy

burdens upon you I will make them heavier; if he made your

yoke heavy, I will add to your yoke, my little finger shall be thicker than my father's loin."

It was the fatal word which ruined the kingdom, for the people with one voice cried out, "To your tents, O Israel, now look to thine own house, David."From that moment the decadence of Israel began.

Enslavement of the People Caused by the Bondage of Debt

I know of no better example of the inevitable consequence which follows the bondage of debt, than that recorded in Genesis, and it is the first example, so far as I am aware, where monopoly of the necessities of life resulted in the enslavement of the people.

An Example from the Scriptures

There had been seven years of bounteous harvest in Egypt, during which time the people had done, as they always do,

THE IMPERIAL VALLEY 103

as we have done in time of plenty, lived extravagantly, believing that prosperity would continue, and had neglected to make provision for changed conditions which were to come. There

were far seeing men, as there always are, who were ready to take advantage of the knowledge which they possessed, and become the creditors of the people. Permit me to read:

And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine was very sore,

so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted because of the famine.

And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of

Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought; and

Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh's house.

And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph and said, give us bread: for why should

we die in thy presence? for the money faileth.

And Josiah said, Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle,

if money fail.

And they brought their cattle unto Joseph, and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses, and for the flocks, and for the cattle of the herds', and for the asses: and he fed them with bread for all their cattle for that

year.

When that year was ended, they came to him the second year, and said unto him: We will not hide it from my Lord, how that our money is spent;

my Lord also hath our herds of cattle, there is not ought left in the eight) of my Lord, but our bodies and our lands.

Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? Buy

us and our land for bread, and we and our land will be servants unto

Pharaoh, and give us seed, that we may live and not die, that the land be not desolate.

And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh, for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the famine prevailed over them; so the

land became Pharaoh's.

Then Joseph said unto the people: Behold I have bought you this day

and your land for Pharaoh; lo here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the

land. And it shall come to pass in the increase, that ye shall give the

fifth part unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for yOur food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones.

From that day until the present the common people of

Egypt, the Fellahin, have tilled the soil as the tenants of royalty, the priests, and the military class, their masters.

It will be urged, and I admit the truth of the contention, that by the conservation of the resources of the country the lives of the people were saved, but how much better it would have been had these people been warned in advance, and being governed by the warning, conserved their own resources, instead of permitting them to pass into the hands of those who produced nothing, and then buying back, at exorbitant prices that which they themselves had brought forth, paying for it with their own persons, their lives, and liberty.

104 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Importance of the Ownership of Land, and the Danger of Borrowing The great importance attached to this condition of debt, and the ownership of land upon which people live, is illustrated in the law given by the Lord, for the government of ancient Israel. Under this law it was impossible to transfer the title to

land from the original owner, who had received it as a heritage, to the permanent possession of another. It might pass temporarily into the hands of strangers, but at the lapse of fifty years,

when the great jubilee came, amid rejoicing and thanksgiving, the land reverted to the original owner, or his heirs, and another opportunity was given for independent existence. We have

no such guarantee; once our heritage passes from us, it can only

be recovered by infinite toil, and too often, not at all.

I do not wish to be understood to mean, by my remarks, that debt should never be incurred; that no circumstance can

justify the borrowing of money, but I do say without hesitation that it is better never to be in debt, that it would be better never to borrow money, and I wish to warn my brethren and sisters of the danger which confronts us because of the great burden of debt which we are saddling upon our backs, and the backs of our children, a burden under which I fear they will faint and fall by the way.

How the Prevailing Conditions Can be Modified

There is no doubt in my mind that this condition can be greatly modified, if not entirely relieved, by returning to the fundamental principles of economy and simplicity of life which characterized the early day administration of the affairs of both the State and the Church. I do not mean by this that we are to

return to the methods employed by our fathers, but that we cease the unnecessary expenditure of money, as it applies to our everyday life. That we think less of pleasure, and more of

the development of the work of the Lord. That we live within

our means, and cease the frantic struggle for riches, which is taking hold upon us like the tentacles of an octopus.

Paul, writing to Timothy and foreseeing the conditions which would exist in the day in which we live, said: "This know,

also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men

shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, highminded, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God—from such

turn away."

Pertinent Questions for the People to Answer

I have recently asked myself the questions: Are we gravitating toward this condition? Have we become pleasure seekers

THE IMPERIAL VALLEY 105

to the exclusion of our duty to the Church? Do automobiles, resorts, moving pictures and other sources of pleasure absorb our

minds until we forget the obligation we are under to God, and our brethren and sisters in the Church? Do we needlessly waste

money in the gratification of our love for pleasure and excitement, while our brethren are struggling in poverty and want?

I leave you to answer the questions.

Do not understand me to advocate that people are not entitled to, and should not have, wholesome, legitimate recreation and amusement, I mean no such thing. It is the excess in these

things to which I refer, and particularly to amusements the character of which are calculated to lead people away from the fundamentals of morality and virtue.

Conclusion Based on the Word of the Lord in the

Book of Mormon I suppose I shall be accused of being a pessimist, I suppose men will say that I am knocking business, and taking a gloomy view of the present and the future which is before us. That I

should say to you that times are good, that business is rushing, that better times are coming, that we should eat, drink and be merry, for the future is laden only with hope. Again let me

read, briefly, from the word of the Lord, for it is upon his word that my conclusions are based. I read from the Book of Mormon:

O the wise, and the learned, and the rich, that are puffed up in the pride of their heart, and all those who preach false doctrines, and all those who commit whoredoms, and pervert the right way of the Lord, wo, wo, wo be unto them, saith the Lord God Almighty, for they shall be thrust down to hell.

Wo unto them that turn aside the just for a thing of naught and revile against that which is good and say, That is of no worth; for the day shall

come that the Lord God will speedily visit the inhabitants of the earth; and

in that day that they are fully ripe in iniquity, they shall perish.

But behold, if the inhabitants of the earth shall repent of their wickedness and abominations, they shall not be destroyed, saith the Lord of

Hosts. * * *

For the kingdom of the devil must shake, and they which belong to it must needs be stirred up unto repentance, or the devil will grasp them with his everlasting chains, and they be stirred up to anger, and perish.

For behold, at that day shall he rage in the hearts of the children of men, and stir them up to anger against that which is good, and others he will pacify, and lull them away into carnal security, that they will say: All

is well in Zion; yea, Zion prospereth, all is well—and thus the devil

cheateth their souls, and leadeth them away carefully down to hell.

And behold, others he flattereth away; and telleth them there is no

hell, and he sayeth unto them: I am no devil, for there is none—and thus

he whispereth in their ears, until he grasp them with his awful chains, from whence there is no deliverance. * * *

Therefore, wo be unto him that is at ease in Zion!

"Wo be unto him that crieth, all is well! Yea, wo be unto him that

106 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hearkeneth unto the precepts of men, and denieth the power of God, and the gift of the Holy Ghost! * * *

And in fine, wo unto all those who tremble, and are angry because of the truth of God!

Let Us Not be Deceived, but Faithfully Discharge Our Duties

I trust, my brethren and sisters, that this scripture has no application to us. That we are not being deceived in the thought

that all is well in Zion. That the Lord will take care of his work

without effort on our part. That it is no longer necessary that

we pray to the Lord, and put our trust in hiin, as our fathers have done, that we may with safety relapse into a condition of fancied security, in the belief that Satan, the enemy of God, and all that is good is no longer striving for the mastery, that our tithes and offerings are no longer necessary in the development of the work of the Lord; but let us rather ponder the words of

Malachi, which were quoted by Moroni to Joseph Smith, and, returning to the Lord in faith and works, have assurance that he will return to us, and opening the windows of heaven, pour out blessings upon us until there will not be room to contain them.

May the Lord help us all to comprehend the past, and profit by the lessons which it teaches, have understanding of the present, and faithfully discharge the responsibilities which devolve upon us, that we may be prepared for the great future which is before us, is my humble prayer.

A Prayer for the Watchmen on the Totvers of Zion

That my brethren who are the presidents of stakes, bishops of wards, and who preside over the auxiliary organizations of the Church, may all be awake to the fact that the flood of the great river, made filthy with the sins of the world, is beating upon the head gates of the Church, and, realizing the danger, stand as watchmen upon the towers of Zion should stand, watchful and unafraid, that the gates may be kept strong and firm, and the muddy waters be confined to their proper channel, is my hope and prayer, through Jesus Christ. Amen.

Mother's Christmas Decision at Windrift

By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

Mrs. Davis finished wiping the breakfast dishes, surreptitiously wiped her eyes, and stole away to her room to read the

letter again, as if every phrase were not already burned into her brain.

The letter which she took out of the front of her black dress was from her dead husband's sister, and was characteristic of Myra, who was proud, selfish and childless. At the funeral

of John Davis two months before, Myra had intimated to the widow that she would do something for the little family. At

the time, she had sent an expensive floral offering and furnished three automobiles.

Now had come her proposition. What she wanted to do

for Delia was to take Richard, her second son, away from her.

Myra began in her untactful way by saying that it was a question whether Delia could feed the children she already had, much less another one. She would take eightyear-old Dick into

her own home; board, clothe and educate him. She and her

husband, Samuel Armstrong, would legally adopt him. He

would be treated as their own son, and would eventually inherit most of their property, if he did what they wanted him to. He

must take their name, and they would brook no interference from his mother. Moreover, Myra wound up, the new baby would

probably be a boy and could take his place.

"Just as if one could ever take the place of another!"

thought Mrs. Davis. Of her three children reckless, highspirit-

ed Richard most needed a mother's care, yet she knew it would have been just as hard to part with sober, steady Jack or cherubic, goldencurled little Rob. They had shrewdly picked

on Richard as being the handsomest and most dashing of the three. Myra must have style, even in boys. A pang of jealousy shot through Delia when she thought of Myra mothering

her blackhaired boy. It was hard to imagine Myra mothering

anything. Uncle Samuel was a hard man. He had a bank and

thought of everything in terms of cash. He would probably

put Richard behind one of those little gilt cages to hand out

Dick, with his passion for animalsmoney—her warmhearted

and the open.

If she could just take care of her children she would keep them together. On the other hand, had she the right to keep

108 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Richard in poverty when he had the chance to go to a wealthy home? She had been taught that it was wrong to ask for a

sign, but she prayed earnestly that she might be directed to do the right thing.

John Davis'family had never quite forgiven her for marrying him. They had planned for him to go to college and become an engineer. He had come under the charm of lovely

Delia Williams and, very much in love, they had married, so, instead of going to the School of Mines, he went to work at

Smeltertown. His family blamed his wife for ruining his career.

"We have work and love,"he told the little wife, "and that is all there is in life anyway, my dear."

Because he tired of the dust and grime of Smeltertown, he

It wasbought some land—seventeen acres of it—in the open.

desert ground and had little to recommend it except an old flowing well and an apple tree. It lay in the valley and afforded a

splendid view of the mountains; sometimes there was a breeze

from the lake. At night the myriad lights of the golden city

twinkled to the east; to the west gleamed the terraced lights of

the smelters. It was a poor little place, but to the young

couple bent on nest building it seemed like an English estate house and land to own and hand down from father to son.

"We will call it 'Windrift,'because the snow banks up here in the winter,"suggested the young wife. They could well

laugh at the winter cold, for spring was blossoming around—"Windriftthem, and theis meadowa pretty littlelarks place."were trilling their eternal refrain

"I tell you, Del,"said her husband, looking up from the ditch where he was planting a row of willows, "there was no shade here for us and may not be for our children, but there will be plenty of shade for our grandchildren."

Any one who has dug in the earth knows the joy of making a garden, but to make something grow in a desert place has a still greater thrill. Desert ground that has never produced anything is rich in plant food. Alkali land is like the Sleeping

Beauty held in a century of thralldom which needs only the kiss of the Prince, Drainage, to waken to life and beauty.

So the strong man faced the blizzards and went to drive an engine at the smelter, and the woman gathered her brood around her and conserved in the dwelling, and together they made a Home.

One night in autumn, John came home with a cold on his lungs. Delia soaked his feet in mustard water and got him into

bed. His fever mounted and he fought for breath. The doctor

aftermath of the came and pronounced it the influenza—dread

MOTHER'S CHRISTMAS DECISION AT WINDRIFT 109

European war. Then quite suddenly, before they had marshalled

their forces to combat the disease, he was dead.

Delia had been glad that John was not of the age that had been called into war. She did not want him killed, nor

did she want him to kill. Perhaps it is because women know

the pain of giving life that they do not believe in taking it. He

had not gone to war, but John had died anyway.

Only those who have been bereaved of their loved ones know the terrible transition from life to death—the passing of

the spirit. The unbelievable thing that the world can go on

about its business when one's love lies dead; so John Davis, who

had known little but toil, was laid away in fine linen at last.

They buried him on the hillside in the cemetery ablaze with the tints of autumn, through which a chill wind swept.

Numb, Delia and her orphans returned to the tragedy of the place, bereft of its master. They faced the horror of the

empty chair, the loved one's hat, the unused gloves. In the drear

days that followed, the widow found herself watching the road for the form that would never travel it again; she listened in

vain for her husband's voice, or strained her ears for his footfall. Sight of the familiar handwriting gave her heart a spasm

of pain. In the vigils of the night when she covered the little

forms, she thanked the Lord that she married John young. If

he had had only the education it would have died with him, but his children would live after him. She wondered if his folks

ever thought of that.

The little boys, harvesting their squash, carrots, beets, wondered at the apathy of their mother. Other years she had gaily

assisted them. "Love and work,"her husband had said, but

work without the love was another thing. Now Myra's letter

had roused her from her gloom. She still had love—love for her

children. The possibility of losing one lashed her into a realization of her position. She and the children would have to fight

for their existence.

It was Christmas Eve, and Delia had made a brave attempt at cheer with pumpkin pies and red apples twined with desert holly. "Mama,"cried Richard excitedly, "the rooster's come."

Delia went out to admire chanticleer who was in fine feather. She exclaimed over his burnished copper color, and

Richard was as proud of him as if he had been a peacock. She

had got the Rhode Island Red cockerel for the boy's Christmas present because the suit she had made over for him looked so hopelessly homemade.

"When are you going to make the gingerbread men,"asked little Rob, when the bird had been penned up with the other chickens. 110 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Right now, son,"and Mrs. Davis hurried to her sunny

kitchen. These gray winter days were short and she had much to

stout, some lean,do. She rolled out the gingerbread men—some

but all with currant eyes, while Rob watched her, fascinated.

Then she cut out a cow for Jack, a sheep for Dick, and, to his huge delight, a pig for Rob.

"Brother Anderson is at the gate, mother,"said Jack as he came in early for his milk bucket.

She opened the door for the bishop's counselor, a cheery, broadshouldered man who deposited a box upon the table.

MI guess it isn't a very Merry Christmas for you, Sister

Davis."He shook hands with her gravely.

"No, it isn't."Tears welled in her eyes. "It seems like

inI never can reconcile myself to John's death—struck down

his full strength and manhood."

"Ill have to tell you what I heard a man say the other day,"he said, "The world war has sent millions of souls to the spirit world and many missionaries are needed to preach to them there. That is why this epidemic singles out the young and the

strong. Brother Davis, pure, manly, experienced, at his prime,

would make an ideal missionary."

"But wasn't his mission here with his children?"

"No, your mission is with them, and you will have to discharge it faithfully to meet him and be worthy of him in the hereafter."

Somehow the words comforted her. John had always wanted

to go on a mission, and this was probably more glorious than any earth mission could be, but she only murmured, "I feel my weakness."

"I have found, Sister Davis, that when the Lord requires a task at our hands, he gives us the strength to perform it, and, furthermore, he often opens up unexpected ways in which to accomplish his purposes."

"How many acres are there in that plowed field over there?"he asked suddenly.

"About twelve, I believe. John plowed it early last fall

when he was working night shift."

"Why don't you let us plant it to sugar beets?"Mr. Anderson was the local representative of the sugar beet factory. "We

would do the planting and send a man to help the boys weed and thin the beets. With judicious irrigating and your good ditches

you ought to raise thirteen tons to the acre. The expenses

can be taken out of the crop and it won't cost you a cent."

Her heart leaped. That was the answer. Raise sugar beets

If she could weather the next year or two, she felt that she could go on. In her mind's eye she saw the brown field verdant with

MOTHER'S CHRISTMAS DECISION AT WINDRIFT 111

sugar beets with their potential wealth of sweetness; the industry that will transform waste land into the most profitable

of investments.

"All right,"she said, "I believe I will."

She thanked him for the Christmas box and he took his departure. He had other calls to make. She found a quantity

of canned goods and a basket of oranges. It was the Ward's

gifts to its widows, and was bestowed on them irrespective of whether they were rich or poor.

That night, after popping corn, the boys retired precipitately to allow Santa Claus to come. The mother stole in and

gazed at the three handsome heads upon the pillows. No need

to part with one of them. By raising sugar beets she could support all her children. Myra had her big house, her rugs, soft

lights and silver; her afternoon teas and her limousine; her

opera and her husband. She had only her sons, yet she felt

that John had left her rich. She pushed back the dark hair and

kissed the white brow.

"I think I will keep you, my Richard, as a Christmas present to myself."

She tiptoed out to the sitting room to arrange the brave little Christmas. There were ice skates and a sweater for Jack;

a pocket knife (he was always losing them), and the funny little suit for Dick; red mittens and a toy aeroplane for Rob. He had

watched the mail planes fly overhead and he had been quite firm about the "airplane."

As Mrs. Davis filled the stockings she indulged in those

hopes for her chilmost wonderful of day dreams—a mother's

dren. Her industrious Jack should learn thrift and work. He

should go to the agricultural college and become a scientific farmer. Richard, instead of his beloved rabbits and chickens,

would raise sheep or cattle. He could raise cattle right around

the home place. Perhaps eventually he would own a bank like

Uncle Samuel's. Mrs. Davis noticed that most of the banks, office buildings and apartment houses, in the Lake City, were

owned by men who had gone out and done rough, disagreeable cattle men. Little Rob, who wouldwork—miners, sheep men,

cry for an "aeroplane"while eating bread and jam, perhaps would become the great engineer that his father had dreamed of being.

Christmas day was ushered in with a snowstorm from the northwest. To Windrift, on the wings of the storm, came that

greatest of all soul from the Infinite. You see, the new gifts—a

baby couldn't possibly have taken the place of Richard, because it was a girl.

A Child's Dream of Heaven

By Wreno Bowers

There was once two children, brother and siater were they.

Together these two used to wander all day long through the fields and woodlands. They loved the birds, the bees, the butterflies, and the flowers. They loved the big blue sky and the

bright water, and above all they loved the Great Creator who made the beautiful, wonderful world.

They used to wander along the banks of the river, among the wild roses. They marveled at the beauty of the flowers;

they marveled at the height and blueness of the sky, and at the depth of the playful waters. When the butterflies came flitting

through the draperies of virgin's-bower, and floated in rapturous flight about the river's bank—now high among the alder

boughs, now low over the tops of the roses—they danced upon

the flowery glade, like their fairy companions above them.

And when the birds sang their songs of the joys of heaven, then sang they their songs of love.

And when the sun was down, and the moon made long rays of shining silver down upon the world, they stood hand in hand at the window, and wondered at the beauty of things.

They used to say, one to the other, Why was this display of charms which children never see, because they are in their beds? Wny was the night lovelier than the day, and softer

than the dawn and the sunsets? Why did that shining star,

more poetic than the sun, come to brighten all the shades? And

why did the most talented of singing birds not rest like the others, instead of singing in the disquieting darkness? And

they fell asleep wondering.

So time went on and the children grew up together, and went hand in hand to the little school. Sometimes she helped

him with his alphabet, and he helped her with her pictures.

Often she would say to him, "When I grow to be a woman, I'm going to be an artist, and I'll paint the fairies, the butterflies, and the flowers."

And he would say, "When I grow to be a man, I'm going to be a writer, and I'll write of the angels, the moonlight, and the roses."

But while they were young, exceedingly young, the sister drooped, and all the roseglow faded from her cheeks. She

came to be so weak that she could no longer walk to the little school, and the brother walked sadly alone. And when he

kissed the pale face on tbe bed, and placed a wild rose in her hand, a smile would come upon the face, and a little weak voice wouid say, "God bless my brother and the rose,"

A CHILD'S DREAM OF HEAVEN 113 And so the time came, ah, too soon! when the brother

walked sorrowfully alone, and when there was no face on the bed, and when there was a little grave in the churchyard, not there before. And when the sun was down, the moon made

long rays of shining silver down upon him as he knelt beside the grave, and the wild roses drooped their heads and shared his sorrow.

He grew to be a young man, and he toiled with tireless pen, and the moon was shining into his room, making long rays down toward him as he wrote the story of the angels, the moonlight, and the roses. And he said, "God bless my darling

sister and the rose."

One night he stood at the window, where once the two had stood, and looked up into the tranquil heavens. The

stars emitted quivering gleams in the depth of the velvet sky, and as a child he began to wonder, Who loves in those distant worlds? What shapes, what living things, what plants were

there? Did his sister, and all his loved ones gone before, live

in those worlds? Would he not some day meet them there?

What could they do that he could not? What could they see

that he did not know? Would not one of them some day

come to unite the heavens and earth and bring them to a fulness of glory, and happiness and everlasting Love? Aind he fell

asleep wondering.

And while he slept, he dreamed about those worlds. He

dreamed that, lying there in his solitary bed, he saw a shining path open from the earth to the heavens, and people being carried up that sparkling road by angels. And all the stars

opened, showing him those faroff lands, those worlds of light, where people were always happy.

And he dreamed that he rose and was taken up that glittering path by angels, and when he reached the entrance of that glorified world, someone came out and hung about his neck and kissed him tenderly. He looked at the patient face that

once had lain upon the bed and it was glorified and radiant, but he knew his sister among all the multitudes.

She took him by the hand and led him away, down an avenue of light, to a beautiful city. They entered the city

through a gate of pearl, and proceeded down a street of gold.

On either side of the street were many wonderful mansions, and the people who lived in those mansions turned their beaming eyes upon them as they passed. The sun, nor the moon nor the

stars, did not shine, but the city was radiant with the glory of

God. And through the city flowed a river, transparent and

sparkling, proceeding from the throne of God.

As they walked along, hand in hand, he heard the ripple of the waters as the waves broke against the jeweled beach. And

114 IMPROVEMENT ERA

he saw a host of children playing upon the hanks of the river, among the wild roses. When the butterflies came flitting

through the draperies of virgin's-bower, and floated in rapturous flight over the river's bank—now high among the alder boughs,now low over the tops of the roses—they danced upon the

flowery glade, like their fairy companions above them. And

when the birds sang their songs of the joys of heaven, then sang they their songs of love.

And when he awoke, the moon was shining into his room, making long rays of shining silver down upon him as he saw it through his tears.

From that time on he looked upon those distant worlds as his future home; the place he would go to when his time should

come and his earthly work was done. What a glorious thought

it was, that he should some day meet his precious sister in the city of his Lord.

Thus time went on and he grew to be a man whose hair was turning gray, and he was sitting in his chair by the fireside, heavy with sorrow, and with his face bedewed with tears, for his mother was no more.

Again at night he saw the celestial light, and the city of gold with its wonderful mansions, and the beautiful river, and the host of children playing among the roses, and his mother, newly lost to him. And he said, "I can bear the parting from

her, for she has gone to her Lord and Master, God be praised!"

And when the sun was down, the moon made long rays of shining silver down upon him as he knelt beside the grave, and the wild roses drooped their heads and shared his sorrow.

He came to be an old man, and his once smooth face was wrinkled, and his steps were slow and feeble, and he was a child again. So the time came when he could no longer stand at

the window, and he lay upon his bed, and his children were standing around him. Then he raised his feeble hands toward

heaven, and cried:

"I see the light!"

They whispered one to another, "He is dying."

And his hands trembled, and his face lighted up with a halo of glory. "I see the light,"he gasped, "and it is the light of glory."

And he sank back upon his bed and died.

And again he was carried through the gates of heaven by angels, who winged their way and cried, "Home—Home

Home!"And again the two walked together among the roses,

on the banks of the river that flows from the throne of God.

The moon made long rays of shining silver down upon his grave, and the wild roses drooped their heads in reverence.

Kanias. Utah.

Lest We Forget Lincoln II.—Abraham

By Seymour B. Young, President of the First Council of Seventy

"Arms, and the Man I Sing"In the western wilds of old Kentucky (this account is abbreviated from Dixon's Southerner), we find located a pioneer family, Thomas Lincoln and his wife, Nancy Hanks Lincoln. One

day Thomas observed his wife smiling and humming to herself sweet little airs, as she went about her household duties. "What's

the matter, Nancy? what makes you so happy?""Thomas, I

have had a vision.""A dream I reckon?"he said. Nancy replied, "I have been signaled from the shores of eternity, God

has answered the prayer of my heart and sent me a son."I saw

him strong and brave, patient and wise, thousands hung on his word, and great men came to do him homage; with bowed head

he led me into a beautiful home that had shining white pillars, he bowed low and whispered in my ear, "This is yours, my angel mother, all that I am I owe to you, but it has cost me my life."She paused a moment and whispered, "Oh, Tom, my husband, a new song is singing in my soul."

In a brief sketch below, we get a glimpse of the first view

Lincoln had of an African slave. At a quilting to which he accompanied his mother, a negro slave appeared and took their

horse and wagon under his care while the mother and son entered the room where the visitors were assembled. The boy

stood rooted to the spot until the negro disappeared; he had no

idea that one human being could be so different from another, and in breathless awe he asked his mother, "Is he folks?"

"Of course,"his mother answered, smiling. (Abbreviated

from Dixon's Southerner.)

"What makes him so black?"

"The sun in Africa."

"What makes his nose so flat, and his lips so thick?"

"He was born that way."

"What makes him come here?"

"He didn't. Slave traders put him in chains and brought

him across the sea and sold him into slavery."

The little form suddenly stiffened as the boy asked, "Why didn't he kiU 'em?"

The mother answered, "he didn't know how to defend himself."

"Why don't he rim away?"

116 IMPROVEMENT ERA

She answered, "He hasn't sense enough, I guess; he has

a home, plenty to eat and clothes to wear, and he is afraid if he starts to run away he will be caught and whipped."

It was nearly twelve, midnight, before the boy knelt, in their little home, beside his mother's knee to say his evening prayers. When the last words were spoken, he remained kneeling, his eyes gazing into the flickering fire. The mother bent

over him, "What are you thinking about, boy? The house you

are going to build for me?"

"No! What? That nigger, wasn't he funny, you don't want

me to get you any niggers with the house, do you?"

"No.""I didn't think you would,"he went on thoughtfully, "because you said General Washington set his slaves free and wanted everybody else to do so."

One morning she found her boy gazing up into the sky, wistfully looking with shining eyes, far up into the still autumn ether. He was watching the disappearance of the martins, as

they winged their steady flight to a more congenial winter climate. His mother touched his hand and said, "Don't worry,

boy, they will come back."And he replied with a trembling

voice, "I can hardly hear them now, they are so far away. You

are sure ma?"he asked pathetically.

"Sure,"she answered.

"Will they know when it is time?"

"Yes, someone will tell them."

"Who?""God, that's what the Bible means when it says, the Stork knoweth her apopinted time."

"But maybe God will be so busy he will forget my birds."

"He never forgets, he even marks the beat of the sparrows wing."The mother's faith was contagious; the drooping spirit

caught the flash of light from her eyes and he said, "We'll watch for them next spring, won't we? and I'll put up some new

gourds for them to mate in."That night when the father returned to the cabin he picked up his boy, placed him upon his

knee, and stroked his dark head.

"Do you know, boy,"he began slowly, "that we came out to Kentuck, yes siree, with old Daniel Boone himself, and I was a little shaver no bigger than you.

"One day a little village of white people was surprised and nearly all the inhabitants were put to death by the savages, among them was your grandfather."

The boy asked in an awed whisper, "Did they scalp my grandfather?"

"That they did. Your Uncle Mordecai and I was working

LEST WE FORGET 117

in the new ground, clearing it for corn, planting, when all of a sudden Indians raised right up out of the ground. Your grandpa dropped dead the first shot, and Uncle Mordecai ran to the

cabin for his rifle. A red skin rushed up and scalped my own

daddy before my eyes, then he grabbed me and started into the woods and then, sonny, something happened, old Speakeasy, up there,"pointing to his rifle, "stretched her long neck through a chink in the logs and said something to Mr. Redskin, she didn't

raise her voice much louder than a whisper, I can hear it yet echoing through the woods. That Indian dropped me and he

dropped dead at my feet."

"We had to pay the price of blood for this beautiful country,"said the mother, "nothing seems ever to be worth having that doesn't cost precious lives."

We next see Lincoln in the glory of his young manhood, as he appeared in Washington, at his inaugural as President of the United States, on the 4th of March, 1861. On the evening

previous, he had been smuggled into the city in a freight car, and on this morning, March 4, he appeared before a vast assembly of Northern and Southern people who came to witness the services and listen to the inaugural address, and to the administration of the oath of office by the chief justice of the

United States.

At the opening of these services Senator Bacon, of Oregon, a personal friend of Lincoln, stepped quickly to the edge of the platform, and with hand outstretched, and in an easy, graceful manner, said, "Fellow citizens, I have the honor to introduce to you, Abraham Lincoln, President elect of the United States."

(The account of the inaugural of President Lincoln March 4, 1861, is condensed from Dixon's Southerner.) A deathly silence

covered that great multitude, as with a pall, as the once ragged, lowly, barefoot boy, from a Kentucky backwoods cabin, stepped forward into the fiercest limelight that ever beat on human head. As Lincoln stepped onto the speaker's stand under the

crowded canopy, there was an instant, awkward pause, as in his new black suit, satin vest and shining silk hat he seemed ill at ease, he looked in vain for a place to put his hat and cane.

Finally he leaned the stick against the railing, but saw no place for his new hat. Senator Stephen A. Douglas, his defeated

Northern opponent, for the presidency, with a kindly smile took the hat, and as he slipped gracefully back into his seat he whispered to the lady beside him, "If I can't be president I may at least hold his hat."Silence continued to hover over that

vast multitude. The opening words of his address, however,

seemed somewhat reassuring, to the south, when Lincoln said, "I have no purpose directly or indirectly to interfere with the institution of slavery in the states where it already exists, and 118 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I believe that I have no legal right to do so."And now his

voice rang out clear as the ring of a trumpet, "I hold that the

Union of these states is perpetual and that no state has the right to secede,"and still no cheer came from the strangely silent crowd. At last the sentences, big with the fate of millions,

were slowly and tenderly spoken, "I shall take care that the laws of the Union shall be faithfully executed in all the states;

doing this I deem to be a simple act of duty on my part, and I shall perform it."A cheer swept the crowd, it died away and

rose again with new power, and a third time it rang out clear and strong. Lincoln continued, "I trust this will not be regarded as a menace, but only as the purpose of the Union,

that it will constitutionally defend and maintain itself. In

doing this there need be no bloodshed nor violence, and there shall be none unless it be forced upon the national authority.

The power confided in me will be used to hold and occupy and possess the property, and places belonging to the government."

The powder mine exploded and a cheer arose as the grim walls of Fort Sumter and Pinckney in far off southern waters flashed red before every eye, the applause suddenly died away into silence and a man in the crowd in front of the platform yelled, "We're for Jefferson Davis."There was no answer, no disorder.

"But beyond what may be necessary for those objects,"

Lincoln continued, "there will be no invasion, no using of force against the people anywhere."Here Douglas nodded his approval and said in low tone, "Good, that means no coercion."

Then followed, in solemn tones, the fateful sentences. "In

your hands, my disatisfied fellow countrymen, and not in mine, is the momentous issue of civil war. The government will

not assail you unless you first assail it; you can have no conflict with the government without yourselves being the aggressors. You have no oath registered in heaven to destroy

the government, while I shall have the most solemn one to preserve, protect and defend it. You can forbear the assault

upon it, I cannot shrink from its defense. I am loath to close.

We are not enemies, but friends. Though passion may have

strained, it must not break, our bonds of affection. The mystic cords of memory stretching from every battle field and

patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched as assurely they will be by the better angels of our natures."

At last he had touched the hearts of all, the sincerity and beauty of appeal for a moment hushed all bitterness and passion, and a universal cheer went up from the audience.

The blackrobed figure of the venerable chief justice

LEST WE FORGET 119

stepped forward with extended open Bible, his trembling fingers and pale intellectual face gave the last touch of dramatic contrast between the old and the new. The tall, dark man, reverently laid his left hand on the open book, raised his right arm

and slowly repeated the words of the oath after the chief justice.

"I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States and will to the best of my ability preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, so help me God.'*

The roar and the excitement of the inauguration had passed; and the old fashioned southern town of Washington,

with its 60,000 inhabitants, no longer asleep perhaps, but still aristocratic, skeptical, maintained a sneering attitude, toward the new administration. Just now Lincoln proved himself the

undoubted leader of his party. On the first day of his service,

Secretary of State Seward, assumed to himself the position of prime minister whose duties he also assumed to include a general supervision of all parts of the government, as well as a regency over the executive. Salmon P. Chase, the Secretary

of the Treasury, took up the gauntlet against Lincoln at once.

He not only regarded the President with contempt, but extended to this action the political trickster and assumed the airs of a premiership in a democratic republic.

In Winter Time The northwind plays a dirgeful harp

Like the plaint of a human moan;

Athwart the plain and mountain scarp

It wails o'er a shrouded zone;

It pierces deep, it pierces sharp

Through walls of wood and stone.

It pleads to the listening ear,

By the fireside's cheerful form,

For the many destitute of cheer

In the cold and pitiless storm, "O God, provide where they appear,

And keep the suffering warm!"

My prayer is all my offering, But others are praying, too.

Shall not our prayers an answer bring

In helping others view The course pursued in everything

That charity should do?

While yet the fierce north wind declares

Its chill and painful smart, O God, thou who dost answer prayers,

Make warm the human heart:

Bid charity relieve the cares That wintry days impart.

Albuquerque, N. M. Joseph Longking Townsend

Ask Her

By Fred McLaughlin

"You've still got the medicine tongue, eh Larry?"said

Ken. "He's spoiling the children most horribly."

"Maybe they will get over it,"said Larry, of the laughing gray eyes. "Just give us this evening, Madame Blueeyes, and

tomorrow we'll be good, won't we, younguns? Tomorrow the

picture show, and next week, Kenneth, I'll show you how to catch fish."

"Mama doesn't let us go to picture shows,"said Miss Fiveyears-old."

"When we get as old as Kenneth we can go,"continued Miss

Sixyears-old.

"Then we'll wait,"said Larry, with a level glance at mama;

"but I know lots of things that we can do. Look!"

He had a way with children. The mother's eyes were warm

with regard, as she watched him. She studied the cleancut

face, the square shoulders, and all the lithe grace of him. She

felt the wealth of the west in his manner. The children had

taken possession of him; already they were calling him "Uncle

Larry."What to them if he was taking his seat in the Senate

tomorrow. They had listened, wideeyed, while he told wondrous

tales of strange peoples and stranger animals in distant lands;

he did marvelous tricks with facile fingers and a piece of twine in some unaccountable manner he had extracted nickels and quarters from wondering blue eyes and pink ears and curly blond heads. With the aid of hands cunningly cupped he had

whistle.taught Kenneth junior—ten and over—two new ways to

This is the man who had been her husband's dearest friend, this amazingly successful fellow with his gentle frankness and his child heart. Except for a more mature expression around

his eyes and his mouth she noted little change from the tall slightly embarrased man who had stood up with her husband twelve full years ago. A(nd in accepting him she had folloAvcd

the same unerring instinct that had guided her children.

Now Kenneth broke into his story: "Oh, I don't believe

it,"Uncle Larry; "papa never had a fight in his life!"

"No?"said Larry in mock surprise. "When he was a

young man your paw was just as gentle as a cyclone. I remind, Ken, thatmember—'Larry raised his head: "Do you

Saturday night in the cantina at Acayucan?"

ASK HER 121

"Where's Acayucan?"This from the boy.

"That's a burg way down in the southern part of Mexico, where that glorious republic nearly peters out. As I remember.

Ken, you rather favored a-guardiente that night and you insisted that you needed two pool tables at once to play on, which peeved less trouble. A halfthe hoipolloirurales—and brought on more ordozen

"What's rurales, Uncle Larry?"

"Cops, boy, cops. A half dozen rurales with their trick

rifles and sabers rushed in to arrest the gringo. You must know,

Kenneth, if you have read the history of this country of ours, that when an American fights he kinder puts his heart into it."

Kenneth senior shook with silent laughter. "Those were

the days!"he said.

Madame Blueeyes moved uneasily, and Larry, reading her thought alright, continued, "Maybe it wasn't your paw after all,

Kenneth; perhaps it was some other fellow I was with. It's a

long time ago, and I'm forgetful."

Came bedtime for the children. Larry kissed the little

girls and shook hands very gravely with Kenneth, junior, then shooed them upstairs, with many a promise for the morrow.

He turned back to his hostess, seated now on the arm of her husband's chair. "I'm grateful for this evening,"he said

oldsimply. "Up to some hours ago I felt old—immeasurably

and very much alone, but because of you and Ken and those blessed children the years have fallen away from me, and now

I feel like starting all over again."

She gave him a brilliant smile. "This is the house of

eternal youth,"she said; "we'll help you to stay young."

Ken put his arm around the slim full waist; she held his

head close against her fragrant bosom. "Don't sit up late, dear;

you and—and—

will have lots of chances to talk.""—and"Larry,"Larryfinished her husband.

"I want to ask you a question,"said Larry. "You can't play tricks on me like you—"She noted the

grim expression of his face. "What is it?"

He reached out a hand. "Do you think a pretty little girl

who has everything she wants might consider marrying a man twelve or fourteen years her senior, who has nothing to offer her but all the love in the world?"

"How are you to know whether or not a 'pretty little girl'has all she wants?"

"I've watched her grow up,"he said irrelevantly. "I've

always felt so old!"

She smiled into his eyes. "I don't think she would con122 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sider she were asked."She gave his hand a little it—unless

squeeze. "Good night."

Half way up the stairs she leaned over the baluster and delivered the coupde-grace: "Men are such simple things!"

Larry came back and stood over his host. "Shut up!"he

growled.

Kenneth, senior, controlled his merriment. "Sit down."

Larry stretched his long legs toward the glowing grate.

"Comfy here,"he mused. He studied his old friend. "Little

overweight, aren't you? And soft—And your chest has slipped."

His subject cast lazy glances toward the ceiling. "Aside

from all that, maybe I am all right. I suppose you are sorry

for me, eh?"

"I should say not! By jove, Ken, you're rich! She's

sweeter, prettier and younger by far than she was on her wedding day. How come?"

"Maybe she's happy,"said Ken.

"Maybe; Ken, how much are you making?"

"Three thousand."

"Impossible!"

"No more."a futile hand "But the house, Ken; and—and—"He waved

at the furnishings.

"Bought and paid for through the years—month by month

of careful saving. When you are happy you don't need much."

"What a sublime truth!"said the Senatorelect. "Ken, do

you know I am worth a couple of millions?"

"I knew you were doing well; I am glad of it."

"I couldn't miss 'em. The wells came like clockwork. I

put wells down where the sharks said there couldn't be oil and found it. Some of the boys insisted that I run for Senator.

I guess the other man laid down."

"Yes, I guess so; you've gone a long way, Larry."

"I thought so, tonight, but you and your three too—until

thousand, and your home, and your family, make me and my two millions look like a pauper."He jumped up and strode

back and forth like a caged lion. "All these years I've been

kidding myself; I got off the earth and it moved away from

me. I haven't started yet, but I'm going to. I've been chasing

rainbows; I've been holding a dollar so close to my eye that I

couldn't see around it; forgetting always that there are so many

beautiful things in the world to see. I've seen a thing today,

Ken, that I didn't know existed."

"Yes?""A perfect family."

anyway.""There are many such, old chap—thanks,

ASK HER 123

"I'll use your phone,"said the guest, with sudden resolution; "if I may?"

"Go to it."Kenneth, senior, heard him call Western Union.

"I suppose the price of that message will come on your bill.""Assuredly."He studied his friend with new interest.

"What's the matter, Larry? Did you see something out there

in the hall? Did the grandfather clock frighten you? You

seem—er—worked up."

for teleLarry shook a little when he said, "I—I never cared

phones. * * * Laugh, confound you! I'll punch you in a

minute. Come on; get it off your chest."

"It just strikes me as odd, Larry, that a Senator, a millionaire and the most daring wellshooter in the business should be afraid of a telephone. I don't get it."

"Good many things you don't get. I'm going to bed."

At breakfast the next morning Larry was not the winning entertainer of the night before. Now he was nervous and lost

in thought. He toyed with his grapefruit and watched the

children with strange abstraction. Always he seemed to be

listening, expectant and a little fearful. Madame Blueeyes

chided him a bit: "Surely you are not afraid. There will belots of new congressmen today; and there's really—

"Congress?"he questioned. "That's so; I had forgotten."

The doorbell rang. Larry sprang up, then with an apology

haltingly given, sat down again. Kenneth, junior, came back

with a fateful little yellow envelope and proffered it to the

Senatorelect, who took it hastily, examined it a moment, slipped it under his plate, resumed dilatory operations on his grapefruit, swept the table with a hunted, furtive look, picked up the message again, studied it carefully and fearfully, and finally shoved it into his pocket.

"Read it,"said Ken; "you will never live through the meal.

Read it; you act like you think it comes from the collector of

Internal Revenue."

"Hold him, Kenneth!"said Larry huskily. Kenneth knew

he meant the messenger boy.

Nervous fingers ripped the envelope asunder and hungry startled eyes read the message. Larry crumpled the yellow

slip in muscular fingers and jumped to his feet. "You'll excuse me? Please."He turned imploring eyes upon his hostess.

They heard a short colloquy at the door, a "Keep the change, old head!"from Larry, then they heard him shouting

orders through the phone. He came back and ate his breakfast

like a man in a trance.

124 IMPROVEMENT ERA

By the time they had finished, a motor honked, and Kenneth, junior, announced that a taxi was waiting.

"I am going back,"said Larry, a note of desperate finality in his voice.

"Back?"This from Madame Blueeyes.

"Sure; home."

"But Congress convenes today,"said Ken. "Are you crazy?"

"I'm leaving Congress it's great to be crazy!"flat.—And "But your bag and—

"Will keep for a while. We will postpone that fishing

trip, Kenneth; I'll be back."

He patted the children on the head, took Kenneth, senior's hand in a fingercrushing grip, and going out, held Madame

Blueeyes helpless, and kissed her. "Bless you!"he whispered.

"Ken,"she said, with high color in her exquisite face, "did?"he tell you anything; do you know why—

"Wait, dear; give him a chance to think."

Thirty minutes later the taximan returned with a great sheaf of wondrous roses for "Madame Blueeyes,"and Larry's card on the back of which was written:

"I asked her."

said Mrs. Ken softly. There was a "He—he asked her!"

little catch in her voice and the wonderful violet eyes that she raised to her husband were faintly misty with tears.

"Here's his telegram,"said Kenneth, retrieving the crumpled missive from the floor and spreading it out on the table before his mother.

Ken and his pretty wife, standing close together, read the answer: "Yes. "Dolly."

Sayings

Living behind golden doors doesn't keep out soul poverty nor heart hunger.

While a woman scrubs her own door step, she has no time to worry about the dirt on her neighbor's tiles.

The only real millionaires in this world are those who are happy and contented with what they earn by honest labor, and what they save by common sense. D. C. Retsloff, San Diego, Cal.

Get Married and Marry Right

By Joseph S. Peery

Get married, young man. All your ancestors have obeyed

the first great commandment: "Be fruitful and multiply and

replenish the earth"(Genesis 1:28). Do not let the race die

with you. Money and earthly rewards will not compensate

for your neglect of sacred duty. All earthly possessions you

leave behind. Your wife and children you may take with you,

provided you comply with God's reasonable requirements. But

remember, everything is governed by law. "There is a law irrevocably decreed in heaven before the foundations of this

world, upon which all blessings are predicated; and when we obtain any blessing from God, it is by obedience to that law upon

which it is predicated"(Doc. and Cov. 130:20).

Through the atonement of the Savior all will be resurrected from the grave, but our exaltation depends on merit.

We get what we earn, and that is all we are entitled to receive.

Young man, if you shirk the responsibility of married life here, there is not much hope for your kingdom hereafter.

The Savior says, "For in the resurrection they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven"(Matthew 22:30). The angels here referred to are

ministering servants (Doc. and Cov. 132). What are you working for, young man? To be a servant unto others worthy of

greater glory than you, or to be a king and a prince unto the

Most High God?

This is the life, time and place to marry. For a long time

in the preexistent life you looked ahead to this life when you could get married and have a posterity to bear your name. Is

it possible that you are going to miss this great blessing now, when it is almost in your grasp? If you refuse to take this blessing now, think of the eternal regret you will have when, on the

other side, you realize what you have missed—what you might

have done.

Marry young. The happiest and most successful couples

marry young. Do not wait until you are set in selfish habits.

Do not wait for wealth. That fortune might ruin your family.

Our fathers and mothers married in humble circumstances.

Why not we do likewise? Our parents did not shirk the responsibility of having children. Why should we shirk? Their lot

was many times harder than ours. Money will not make successful children, nor happy homes. Andrew Carnegie said, "The

126 IMPROVEMENT ERA worst thing that can befall a young man is to be left with plenty of money and nothing to do."Battling with difficulties

develops men and women into splendid citizens. A life of listless ease weakens. Do your duty and God will help you.

Most important, when you marry get married right. Marry

in the temple for time and all eternity. All marriages outside

the temple are "for life only, until death does you part,"and when death comes the marriage agreement ends.

Young women who do not have suitable opportunity of marrying will be fully compensated, providing they live worthy lives. Young women who do marry are responsible with their

husbands, if they refuse the blessing offered them of temple or eternal marriage.

Young lady of Zion, you can largely determine whether you marry for time or for eternity. Do not let whimsical fashion

keep you out of the temple and bar you from your greatest blessing. Fashion perishes with this life. Your choicest, dearest possession is your husband and children. Is it possible that

you do not want them forever?

Young people, do not think you will do later on what you should do today. This life soon passes. Delays are dangerous,

You may delay until your children are grown. Then it may be

too late. If you are married for life only, let your first thought

be to go to the temple and have the ceremony reconfirmed for time and all eternity.

Do not delay until the next life, thinking that some one else will do for you by proxy what you refused to do for yourselves. They may forget you. Even if others do think more

of your eternal happiness than you do yourselves, what assurance have you that the blessing will be made up? The revelation on eternal marriage, Sec. 132, Doctrine and Covenants,

is not comforting in regard to covering this neglect. Read it!

Ponder it while yet you have time.

To those who are obedient and marry in the temple, glorious rewards are offered. Here is one paragraph:

"And they shall pass by the angels and the Gods, which are set there, to their exaltation and glory in all things, as hath been sealed upon their heads, which glory shall be a fulness and a continuation of the seeds forever and ever."(Doc. and Cov.

132:19.) They rise in the first resurrection and have eternal

increase.

About Praying

By Dr. C. L. Olsen

Of the many excellent faithpromoting gems found in our

Church literature, the following is from the pen of the late Pres.

Geo. Q. Cannon: "Praying frequently helps to praying fervently."And, we might add: Praying sincerely develops

faith in prayer. Indeed, no matter how frequently or how

fervently one might pray, if faith in God is lacking, the mere words, be they every so flowery, become like tinkling cymbals.

A poor mortal's entreaty, addressed to his heavenly Father, need not be studded with beautiful phrases of lofty sentiments, so pleasing to the human ear. "The prayer of a righteous man

availeth much,"be it ever so faulty in verbal construction.

It has been said that prayer is the key to the Father's heart. The "lock"to the Father's heart, is no Yale affair, no

tumbler latch, no safety contrivance, to keep intruders out. It

latchis always in order, and it readily yields to pressure—the

is not hung too high for thiestring is within easy reach—it

tiniest the giant must find it, if the door shall dwarf—but even

open. But, one may ask, why pray at all, especially to a Being

who "knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him?"

Because it is a divine injunction; and therefore, to pray is

right, proper and necessary. By way of analogy, earthly parents, even, expect their children to ask for such favors as they

wish to receive. "Ye shall pray unto me, and I will hearken

unto you.""Watch and pray.""Pray without ceasing."

These divine injunctions do not imply, however, that man, machinelike, should continuously mutter his prayers, from morning till evening and during the night, every minute, while awake; that he should employ an abacus of wires and beads,

a tallyboard, or any other mechanical contrivance to help him keep account of the number of prayers offered; or that he, to

save himself from the physical exertion involved, should utilize the socalled prayingmachine, prayingmill or prayingwheel, used in Thibet and other parts of the East, concerning which the Abbe Hue in his Travels in Thibet, 1844, says:

"It is common enough to see them fixed in the bed of a running stream, as they are then set in motion by the water, and go on praying night and day, to the special benefit of the person who has placed them there. The

Tartars also suspend them over their domestic hearths, that they may be set in motion by the current of cool air from the opening in the tent, and so twirl for the peace and prosperity of the family."

128 IMPROVEMENT ERA No; prayer is the soul's sincere desire. A prayer, to deserve

the significant designation, must be a sacred devotional of the highest order; must spring from the heart's deepest recesses;

must be uttered by lips undefiled with hate, malice and rancor;

must in very deed express the longings and righteous yearnings of one's inner self, the wishes, hopes and aspirations of the humble supplicant. It must, moreover, be prompted by an abiding

faith in "the Giver of all good gifts."Else praying is senseless

lipservice, hollow mockery, hypocrisy, outand-out.

The lengthy prayer, abounding in explanatory footnotes and paraphrastic magniloquence, needs but to be heard, to be detested. Even the Savior despised such prayers.

"When thou prayest,"he said plainly to his disciples; "thou shalt

not be as the hypocrites are; for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men.

Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward. But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy

Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall

reward thee openly. But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the

heathen do; for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking. Be ye not therefore like unto them,"

And then, he, the Christ, gave unto his disciples what might be termed a sample prayer (Matt. 6:9-13), a prayer consisting

in all. Preciousof but half a dozen short sentences—66 words,

few of us even try to imitate the Great Master, in praying! In

this connection, it is significant to note that in each of the two prayers used in blessing the sacrament—the only two prayers

specifically worded by the Lord, through revelation—the name

of our heavenly Father is used but once.

If, for the sake of solemnity and impressiveness, it is necessary that the dedicatory prayer of a temple be one of critical exactness, one of careful attention to descriptive details, it does not necessarily follow that in dedicating a grave, one needs to mention every board, nail and screw in the coffin, naming every article, one by one. Such unnecessary verbiage employed

detracts from the solemnity of the occasion.

In praying, it is essential to obtain "the spirit of the occasion."To bring about the complete unanimity of purpose

designed, where several persons engage in prayer together, the one acting as mouth should speak distinctly, and loud enough for all participating, to hear him. The inaudible expressions,

uttered while kneeling, the face covered with both hands, allowing only a small aperture for the mouth, are not calculated to instance, around the"upbuild"the rest of those kneeling—for

in that particular prayer.breakfast or supper table—engaged

Distinct expression and clear enunciation should be impressed to pray. Indifferwell as adults—learningupon children—as

ence, inattention, carelessness and undue haste tend to mar the

ABOUT PRAYING 129

serenity preeminently fitting the moments devoted to solemn worship, be it around the family altar, or elsewhere.,

In the hurry and scurry, the bustle and din of this work-a- day world, praying in the home becomes, in many instances, at that. Formore or less a matter of form—and very poor form,example: In the morning, let us say, a father—or mother—calls

the family together for devotional exercises. All (being truly

American) are busy; there is not a minute to spare; father and

the older ones must get off to work, while the younger children are swarming around, or flitting hither and thither, getting ready for school. At last, there is a momentary lull in the storm.

Prayer is drawled out, to the point of exasperasaid—perhapstion; perhaps rattled off at a speed defying human mentality

to follow it, understandingly; perhaps mumbled so low that

the keenest ear fails to grasp the poorly articulated sounds.

Under such circumstances, the best prayer offered loses much of its value. Indeed, so far as mortals are able to judge, such

a chaotic devotional must prove well nigh fruitless.

Eloquence may have its uses; but it is out of place in praying. In fact, it tends to detract from, rather than add to, the

strength of a petition addressed to a Being who knows better than the petitioner his needs. Showy efforts at oratory, rhetorical bombast, metaphors, similes, flowery phrases and loudly

declamatory sentences, become as "sounding brass,"when employed in a supposedly humble supplication before the Throne of Grace.

The efficacy of prayer, when coupled with an unshakable faith in God, has been treated extensively, times without number, by a great many able exponents, both in ancient and modern times, and need not here be touched upon.

Excelsior

Let not the past hang heavy as a mill stone to thy heels,

To drag thee downward, as each upward impulse to thy nobler self appeals;

But, as the joyous butterfly from its chrysalistic shell breaks free,

So from thy past must thou rise jubilant, thine own true self to be.

Repentance! must not repentance claim its toll of sighs and tears?

The proof of true repentance is to flee the sinsmirched spheres.

When from the towering heights of thy new life thou shalt review the past,

Then shalt thou know repentance filled thy soul from first to last;

Repentance, true repentance, which flings the past away,

And rises to the whiteness of a glad new present day.

M. F. K. Pye.

The Bureau of Information

By Edward H. Anderson

The Bureau of Information has achieved remarkable success This institution was established to provide tourists, and visitors on the Temple Block, enlightenment concerning the

Latterday Saints and their doctrines and practices. It has

been so eminently successful in its mission that much inquiry has been made, from time to time, as to how the movement originated.

Prior to the establishment of the Bureau of Information, much interest was taken in the entertainment of tourists upon the Temple Block by a number of zealous members of the

Church. One of the foremost of these was James Dwyer, the

veteran bookseller, well known in all the West. He had prepared a small card, later adopted for use by the guides after

the organization of the Bureau, containing the articles of faith, on the reverse side of which was a view of the Temple Block, and the imprint, "Should you wish any further information concerning Church doctrines, please writes James Dwyer, North

Temple Street, Salt Lake City."But there was need of more

extended and greater activity in this line of missionary endeavor. Hence the new movement whose inception is here

related.

From the records of the Salt Lake stake of Zion before the division into three stakes the following items are culled by

Elder Benjamin Goddard:

At a home missionary meeting presided over by President Angus M.

Cannon of the Salt Lake stake of Zion, November 30, 1898, Elder Benjamin

Goddard, a home missionary, (the first and present director of the Bureau) recommended that some effort be made to place the gospel before the visitors passing through Salt Lake City. No action appears to have been

taken at that time.

At a home missionary meeting presided over by President Angus M.

Cannon, July 30, 1901, Elder Ephraim Jensen, custodian of the Tabernacle, thought it would be a good thing "to have some of the home missionaries or other suitable brethren appointed to preach the gospel to the large number of strangers visiting this city, some of whom seemed anxious to know what we believed in and to become acquainted with us and our institutions.

About the last Wednesday of July, at a meeting of the

General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A., Elder LeRoi C. Snow

referred to certain experiences recently had by him in the vi132 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cinity of the Eagle Gate, when he personally observed the work of "hack drivers"and the ridiculous information given to visitors. Concerning these Elder Snow writes to the Era:

In the latter part of July, 1901, a great many tourists passed through

Salt Lake City on their way to attend the convention of the Epworth

League in California. I was standing near the Eagle Gate when a party

of tourists drove up and stopped within a few steps of where I was standing.

The hackdriver then commenced telling his stories. After telling a lot of

other falsehoods he continued:

"This is the Bee Hive House, where Lorenzo Snow, the president of the

Church lives. The building is kept closed from the public. No one is ever

permitted to go in there. We do not know what goes on there."

I stepped up to the driver, thanked him kindly for repeating in my hearing the stories which had been prepared for the tourists, and then I turned to the strangers, introduced myself, and invited them to go through the Bee Hive House with me and to meet my father, the President of the

Church.

They appeared very much surprised and undecided just what to do. I

assured them that they would come out alive and that no harm would come to them. Here the driver interrupted, saying: "Oh, come on. "We have

a lot of places to go, and we must be on our way."This settled the matter

with one of the party who replied: "Oh, I don't know, we are paying

you for your time, and I presume we can use it as we wish. I, for one,

want to accept the invitation."The other members of the party immediately expressed their desire to go also. The driver, who showed very

plainly that he was very greatly displeased, was told to remain until the return of the party.

I took the good people through the Bee Hive House, introduced my mother to them and answered their many questions which proved to their interest. We then went into the President's office where they met my

father and had a short visit with him. I told him of the incident which had

just occurred outside, to which one of the gentlemen added "Yes, I can see that we have been very much misinformed about the 'Mormons'and I should like to know the truth about you and your city."As we returned to the carriage I again spoke to the driver, saying:

"I want to thank you again for letting me know what kind of information you hackmen are giving to the tourists, and I shall not rest until I do all in my power to see that this work is taken out of your hands and that steps are taken to give visitors to Salt Lake reliable and truthful information about our faith, people and Church."The party expressed appreciation

for their visit.

According to the minutes of the General Board meeting, of the Y. M. M. I. A., held Thursday, August 1, 1901, Elder

LeRoi C. Snow related the above experience and proposed

that the General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A. do something

at once to counteract the work of the hack drivers. The following appears in the minutes of the General Board meeting,

Thursday, August 1, 1901:

Elder LeRoi C. Snow called attention to the fact that when the Epworth

Leaguers were passing through this city, we had no persons properly appointed to meet them and furnish them information, and also that every year there were large excursions and gatherings here, and suggested that a committee should be appointed to take such work in hand. On motion

THE BUREAU OF INFORMATION 133

of Elder John Henry Smith, the following committee was appointed to consult with the Presidency of the Salt Lake stake upon the matters: LeRoi

C. Snow, Rudger Clawson, Henry S. Tanner.

President Joseph F. Smith, in the absence of President Lorenzo Snow, it appears from the record, presided at the meeting and appointed the committee. There were present: President Joseph F. Smith, Thomas Hull, John Henry Smith, J.

Golden Kimball, Douglas M. Todd, Nephi L. Morris, Willard

Done, LeRoi C. Snow, Rudger Clawson, Rulon S. Wells, B. S.

Hinckley, H. S Tanner, (Assistant Superintendent Heber J.

Grant, left the week before, July 24, for Japan).

Meetings of the committee were held almost daily for several days following, suggestions and plans being proposed and discussed, and these were submitted to President Angus M. Cannon of the Salt Lake stake of Zion, who expressed his approval.

The report of the special committee was filed with the

General Board on Wednesday, August 21, 1901, and an extract from the minutes follows:

Elder LeRoi C. Snow of the committee appointed to consider the question of a local missionary work among strangers and visitors, in Salt Lake

City, reported that the committee had held several meetings and had consulted with President Angus M. Cannon, who expressed great interest in

the work, and the committee recommended:

"That a 'Bureau of Information'be established on the Temple Block, to be placed in charge of two competent elders, to be called as regular missionaries, they to be supplied with special and general tracts.

"That the necessary expense for starting this work be borne by the

General Board.

"On motion of Elder Edward H. Anderson, the report was referred

to the General Superintendency—Presidents Snow, Smith and Roberts."

There were present at this meeting, according to the record: President Joseph F. Smith, who presided, B. H. Roberts,

Thomas Hull, John Henry Smith, M. F. Cowley, J. Golden

Kimball, Milton H. Hardy, Rodney C. Badger, George H. Brimhall, Edward H. Anderson, D. M. Todd, Nephi L. Morris, Willard Done, LeRoi C. Snow, Frank Y. Taylor, Rudger Clawson,

Joseph W. McMurrin, Reed Smoot, Bryant S. Hinckley, B. F.

Grant, H. S. Tanner.

The matter was later considered by the General Superintendency and also by the First Presidency, President Lorenzo Snow and Joseph F. Smith being members of both bodies, and because of the missionary work involved, it was decided that the

carrying out of the recommendation should be done under the direction of the Seven Presidents of Seventy, to whom the recommendation was referred by the First Presidency.

The matter rested there for some time; and on October

10, 1901, President Lorenzo Snow died. It was early the next

134 IMPROVEMENT ERA

spring when the subject was again revived in the Y. M. M. L.

A. General Board meeting, held on February 12, 1902, in which

the Secretary was requested to report on the provisions of the committee report given to the Board on August 21, 1901. After

the report had been read on motion of Elder B. H. Roberts,

the matter was again referred to the First Presidency for their approval with the offer that the General Board Y. M. M. I. A.

bear the expenses of this mission.

The question was also revived through a letter from Elder

Richard W. Young to the First Council of Seventy. From the

minutes of the First Council of February 26, 1902, we quote:

"A letter was read to the First Council of the Seventy, written by

Brother Richard W. Young, regarding the establishment of a Mission Hall

and Bureau of Information, on Main and 2nd South Streets. It was decided

to refer the letter to the First Presidency with a letter of explanation from the First Council."

On March 6, 1902, the First Presidency, at their meeting, considered the subject, and the following is quoted from the record: Letter read from the First Council of Seventy, enclosing a communication from Elder Richard W. Young, setting forth the following: That

Salt Lake is one of the chief tourist points of our continent; that many

come here with a desire to learn all they can concerning us as a community, and they make it a point to attend Sabbath meetings in the Tabernacle.

And having in view the education of the Seventies in the work pertaining to their special calling, he suggested that a piece of improved property he purchased on Main Street in which to hold nightly meetings under the auspices of the several quorums of Seventy located in this city, in turn;

and that the upper rooms of the proposed building be rented to obtain

1revenue with which to meet interest on long time bonds issued for the purpose of raising the purchase price.

The communication added that in connection with this scheme a bureau of information might ultimately be found to be expedient.

President Smith remarked that he had had some talk with Brother

Young on this subject, and had intimated to him that the Church was not in a position to furnish the means for such a purpose; but that if it

should be deemed advisable to try the experiment, the Thirteenth or

Fourteenth ward meetinghouses might be obtained.

After briefly considering the subject, President Smith thought it well to refer the communication back to the First Council of Seventy, to take such action as they themselves may deem desirable; but whatever might

be done that it be in harmony with the Stake Presidency.

President Smith added that the subject of doing something by way of establishing a bureau of information had been talked about by the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Board for some time past, and it was quite possible that Brother Young had heard of this, and therefore connected it with what he had now proposed.

On motion of President Winder, this communication was referred back to the Seventies with the request that they look into the matter, and act upon the suggestion themselves as they may deem advisable; also that

they consider the matter of organizing a bureau of information for the purpose of imparting correct information to tourists,

Motion seconded and carried.

THE BUREAU OF INFORMATION 135

The next action was taken by the Council of Seventy as follows, as appears from the minutes of March 19, 1902:

President Seymour B. Young moved that Brothers B. H. Roberts, Rulon

S. Wells and Joseph W. McMurrin be appointed as a committee to bring

to the attention of the M. I. A. Board the letters from Brother Richard

W. Young and the First Presidency regarding the establishment of a City

Mission and a Bureau of Information, and to ask for the appointment of a committee from that Board to consider the expenses that would be incurred in the establishment of that mission.

Brother Roberts moved that a committee of the First Council of the

Seventy be authorized to name one President from each of the quorums in this city and make an appointment to meet with them for consultation on this matter. Carried, March 19, 1902.

On the same day, as appears from the record of the Y.

M. M. I. A.:

Elder B. H. Roberts stated that the First Council of Seventy had

appointed a committee to consider the formation of a Bureau of Information and to take charge of the same, and of a missionary work to be inaugurated in this city. That committee consisted of Elders B. H. Roberts, Rulon S. Wells, and Joseph W. McMurrin and Elder Roberts asked

that a committee of two be appointed from this Board to confer with them in relation to the matter. The President appointed Rudger Clawson and

Matthias F. Cowley said Committee.

At the next meeting of the Council of Seventy their record shows that: March 26, 1902, Brother B. H. Roberts reported

that on Wednesday, March 19, he attended the M. I. A. Board

meeting and presented the matter of the Conference Committee from that General Board to meet with a Committee from the First Council. President Smith appointed Brothers Rudger

Clawson and M. F. Cowley to meet with the Committee. On

Friday, 21, at 4 p. m. both committees met and discussed the

subject of the letters relative to a City Mission in Salt Lake

City, and establishment of a Bureau of Information. The Committee tried to ascertain about what the General Board would

be willing to do in the way of advancing the necessary means to inaugurate that work, and they also concluded to find out what the expense would be in putting up a booth. Brother Wells

was appointed to ask for plans for this booth from architects, in this city, and the brethren felt that the Y. M. M. I. A. Board

would be able to meet whatever expense would be necessary to inaugurate that work, but no definite conclusion was reached as to the amount needed. All were unanimous in their approval of a Bureau of Information being established as suggested.

On Monday evening, March 24, 1902, the Committee from the First Council had met with a Committee from the quorums of Seventy of Salt Lake City and presented the correspondence to the brethren and invited their discussion, etc.

136 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Brother Rulon S. Wells later reported that on Friday,

March 28, at 4 p. m. he met with the conjoint committee of the

First Council and M. I. A. Board and submitted the plan that

had been made by Architects Dallas and Hedges, which seemed to please the brethren very much as far as the plans were concerned. The Committee met again on the following Monday.

At that meeting the plan was approved and the Committee resolved to recommend to the M. I. A. Board that an appropriation of $500 would be suitable to assist in the construction of

the building.

The Council minutes of April 9, 1902, show that Rulon S.

Wells presented the plan for the Bureau of Information Building. On motion of Brother Reynolds the plans were approved

by the First Council and presented to the First Presidency.

Further, the Council minutes of Wednesday, April 16, 1902, show that Rulon S. Wells called on the First Presidency with

THE FIRST BUREAU OF INFORMATION BUILDING

the bureau of information 137

regard to the plans of the Bureau of Information Building, and was authorized to have the architects make out the detail plans for the building.

From the minutes of Wednesday, June 11, 1902, it appears that President Seymour B. Young reported that on Wednesday, June 4, he met President Joseph F. Smith and made some

suggestions regarding the Pavilion for the Bureau of Information. President Smith gave instructions to have the Pavilion

built at once. This practically placed the financial responsibility on the Church and also ended in greatly modified plans

from those first submitted.

Accordingly, work was immediately begun on the erection of the first building near the south gates of the Temple Block, near where the new building now stands. The structure was octagonal in shape, and about 20 feet across, as illustrated in the

accompanying photo. The cost slightly exceeded $500. The

First Council of Seventy called the following committee to take charge of the work: Elders Benjamin Goddard, Thomas Hull,

Arnold H. Schulthess and Josiah Burrows.

The following excerpts from Church publications indicate subsequent activity.

Deseret News, July 23, 1902 The pavilion which has been in course of erection in the Temple block for some time past is now completed, and in a few days will be serving the purpose for which it was erected, namely, as a center from which shall flow official information concerning Utah, Salt Lake, their people and the beliefs and practices of the Latterday Saints generally.

This movement was inaugurated by the First Presidency as a means whereby the work of unauthorized vendors of information, who extorted money from visitors for their selfimposed services, would be checked and brought to an effective end.

Improvement Era, September, 1902:

Our associations as missionary agencies among unbelievers, was a topic for discussion at the June M. I. A. conference, and the matter had received

prior consideration by the members of the General Board. It had long

been asked whether anything was being done to enlighten tourists and visitors who frequently come into our cities, villages and towns, and who have never heard anything about the gospel, and only ill reports about the people. It was found that while we were sending hundreds of missionaries far away to teach the truth and to allay prejudice, the strangers

within our gates, and even residents who are not members of the Church, were mostly left to draw their information from nonand often anti-"Mormon"sources. To remedy this evil, the attention of the General Board was

called a year ago to this subject by Elder LeRoi C. Snow, upon whose

motion a committee of inquiry was appointed, consisting of Rudger Clawson, LeRoi C. Snow and H. S. Tanner, and as a result following their labors

a Bureau of Information and Church Literature has been established by the First Presidency.

A small building of which we give a cut in this number of the Era, was planned and erected at the south entrance of the Temple grounds*, at a cost of about $500. A general committee, consisting of Elders Benjamin

138 IMPROVEMENT ERA i

Coddard (chairman), Thomas Hull (secretary), Arnold H. Schulthess, and

Josiah Burrows was called to take charge of the Bureau and direct the permanent work of "distributing literature and disseminating information among tourists and other visitors*'to Salt Lake City. One of these

brethren or his representative, has been constantly on the ground since the day the Bureau opened, August 4, 1902 and wiU continue to take charge hereafter. One hundred and five suitable brethren and sisters, many of

them members of the M. I. A., have been called to assist under the direction

of the person in charge, and during the Elks'convention (held in early

August) some forty or fifty of these were constantly on the ground. There

is a regular system for work, and meetings of the missionaries for instructions, reports, and interchange of experience and ideas, are held at intervals in the L. D. S. University. Certain tracts as well on doctrine as descriptive of the Temple Block buildings and other points of interest, are

given away; and others, together with books, portraits and views are kept

on sale. There are easy chairs, writing tables and other conveniences free

in the building. All the workers serve free and tips are absolutely prohibited. There is a visitor's register at which over five thousand people

had already registered at the close of the fourteenth day. Articles of Faith

cards, and small tracts on the doctrines of the Church, had been given to most of these, in addition to the conversations held with the missionaries who answered numberless questions doctrinal and descriptive, bore thousands of testimonies and distributed many thousand information leaflets.

It is the testimony of the missionaries that they enjoy the work immensely, and that great good is resulting from this labor. One illustration:

Brother was conducting three young men about the grounds, and came at length to the Temple whose dimensions, cost, and time were dilated upon. "What is it for?"asked one of the young men. This gave

a splendid opportunity for explaining briefly the "Mormon"doctrine of salvation for the dead. When Brother finished his remarks,

one of the young men replied: "That is a beautiful doctrine, but it is

difficult for me to believe!"Another one presented Brother

with a fivedollar bill, and bade him accept it. "I cannot do that,"

said the latter, "but I will tell you what I can do. Where is your home?"

"In Pennsylvania.""Well when you return home, or travel anywhere,

for that matter and meet one of my brethren of whom many hundreds are in various parts of the world preaching the gospel without pay, treat him kindly, give him something to eat, or a place to sleep; and then, if you

have a dollar to spare let him have it.""You bet we will!"came in a

chorus from the young men as they shook hands with Brother, thanked him and departed.

Experiences and testimonies even exceeding in interest those enjoyed in the foreign mission field have been reported by some of the laborers.

We believe that a splendid work has begun, the effects of which will ere long be felt for good, in all parts of the world.

Revised Brief History of the Church, by Edward H. Anderson, Published by the Missions of the Church in the United States, Independence,

Jackson Co., Mo., 1920:

In the matter of missionary work, one of the first and, perhaps, one of the most successful institutions initiated, under the administration of

President Joseph F. Smith was the Bureau of Information and Church Literature. Salt Lake City being a stopping place for thousands of transcon-

tinental tourists from all the nations of the world, the Bureau of Information has become a daily necessity for the enlightenment and information of the traveling public, relating to the Latterday Saints and their institutions.

THE BUREAU OF INFORMATION 139

No systematized method had been adopted at home, to enlighten these strangers as to the history, institutions, and faith of the Latterday Saints until this mission on the temple block was begun in July, 1902. The

Bureau was at first housed in a very small building, costing about $500, and was opened on August 4, of that year under the charge of Benjamin

Goddard, Thomas Hull, Arnold Schulthess, and Josiah Burrows as a directing committee. Benjamin Goddard has remained in charge, through various changes of the committee, up to the present time. Persons are chosen

to assist in escorting strangers around the temple block, who work without pay or gifts from the visitors. The tour is of such character that children,

as well as young and old Latterday Saints everyone, would be greatly benefited by the information and inspiring stories of the guides.

At the close of the fourteenth day after opening more than five thousand people had registered, and at the close of the first year, the number of visitors had swelled to 150,000. The number continued to increase with

the years, and during the summer of 1920, the great volume of visitors reached about 400,000.

In 1904, the work had grown so rapidly and was so appreciated by travelers, that a new, commodious building of granite foundation and brick walls was erected on the south side of the block and was dedicated on Saturday, March 26. The cost was about $9,000. Later, in 1910, an addition costing about $11,000, was made to the building on the east. Subsequently a second story was added, now used as library, reading, and rest

room for tourists. Later, in 1918, an addition was erected now housing

a museum of pioneer relics, and archaeological and ethnological exhibits.

Up to 1914, over 400,000 pamphlets had been printed and distributed, and this number has since reached into the millions. Many Church works

have been sold, and untold leaflets of a doctrinal character, magazines and other publications, containing information about the State and the

Church, have been distributed. The missionaries, who have freely devoted

their time and efforts on the grounds, have accomplished a splendid work, recognized as resulting in benefit and advantage to the Church the world over; and their labors, too have been among a class of people difficult to

reach in their homes, or in any other way. The work goes steadily on, and

the Bureau has grown to be one of the best missionary institutions in the

Church.

Alphabetogram s

Arbitration Arbitration Besets Challenge, Demands Explanation, Frustrates Greed, Hinders Injustice, Justifies Keeping LevelMinded,

Never Oppresses, Proves Qualifiedly that Right Shall Triumph,

Ultimately Verifying Wisdom's 'Xperience.

You "Zee."James D. Todd.

Endurance Always Believe, Continue Diligently, Endure Faithfully,

Grow Happily, Investigate Judiciously, Know the Law, Manifest Natural Obedience, Prepare Quickly, Rebuff the Storms of

Temptation, Urge Valiantly With Xacting Yankee Zeal."

James D. Todd.

Inaugural of the President of Brigham

Young University

By Lowry Nelson, Director Extension Division, Brigham, Young

University.

The formal inauguration, on October 17, 1921, of Dr.

Franklin Stewart Harris as President of the Brigham Young

University, was marked by the attendance of a large number of Church and educational leaders of the state, an atmosphere of academic dignity and the voicing of a vision for the future progress of Church school education. The event was particularly unique and memorable in the educational annals of the

state, since it was the first time in the history of Utah that a president of a higher institution of learning has been formally inaugurated. Invitations were sent to practically all of the

educational institutions in America, and from them were received many excellent sentiments of greetings and congratulations.

The ceremonies of the day included the inaugural parade at 9:30 a. m., services at 10 o'clock, banquet at 1:30 p. m., and

the inaugural ball in the evening. The line of march for the

parade was from the University grounds, south on University

Avenue, to the stake tabernacle, Prove The march was headed by the Board of Trustees and General Church authorities, followed by the faculty of the Brigham Young University, and the representatives of faculties of other institutions of learning. Following these were the University Women, Alumni, Seniors,

Juniors, Sophomores, and Freshmen. Then came the various

classes of the B. Y. U. high school, followed by the Rotary Club,

Kiwanis, Women's Municipal Council, Provo Chamber of

Commerce and friends and patrons.

President T. N. Tavlor, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board of Trustees, presided at the inaugural services in the tabernacle. Seated on the stand were Elders Rudger

Clawson, Geo. F. Richards, Joseph Fielding Smith, Richard R.

Lyman and John A. Widtsoe, of the quorum of the Twelve

Apostles; Presiding Patriarch Hyrum G. Smith; President Seymour B. Young, of the First Council of Seventies; C. W. Nibley

and David A. Smith, of the Presiding Bishopric; Superintendent

Adam S. Bennion, President George Thomas and PresidentEmeritus J. T. Kingsbury, of the University of Utah, President

142 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Guy C. Wilson, of the L. D. S. High School; Superintendent

E. S. Hinckley, of the State Industrial School, members of the

Board of Trustees, principals of high schools, and representatives of the faculties of the Utah Agricultural College and the University of Utah.

Music for the occasion consisted of the following: "Build

thee more stately mansions, my soul,"by the University chorus; tenor solo, "Homing,"by Richard Condie, and "Without

you,"by the B. Y. U. Faculty Male Quartet.

Dr. George H. Brimhall was the first speaker, and in appropriate sentiments, clothed in eloquent and fitting words, defined the spirit of the Brigham Young University, and paid tribal JfeiL,

r i - ilMii 'H*t;, Z.

fiSP HIV

ON THE LINE OF MARCH

ute to the scholarship and achievement of his successor, Doctor

Harris.

The inaugural address set out clearly the mission of the

Brigham Young University, as the central Church institution of learning, and described the steps by which its mission could be fulfilled. The address clearly demonstrated the broad intellectual vision of its author, and his ability to place in definite

form a program of progress for many years to come. The address will appear later in the Era.

Church School Commissioner Richard R. Lyman was the

concluding speaker and laid stress on the importance of the mission of the Brigham Young University as an institution for the building of character, in accordance with the principles of the

Church of Jesui Christ.

INAUGURAL OF THE PRESIDENT 143

The program at the inaugural banquet consisted of the following toasts, with Superintendent Adam S. Bennion as

toastmaster: "Dr. Harris, the neighbor and Church worker,"Dr.

John A. Widtsoe; "Dr. Harris as a research student,"President

E. G. Peterson of the Utah Agricultural College; Dr. Richard R.

Lyman read a greeting from President A. W. Ivins on "Dr Harris the boy and young man;""Dr. Harris the college professor,"

Dr. George Thomas, president of the University of Utah. Dr.

D. L. Daines, of the University of Utah, who was the official

representative of President Barrows, of the University of California, responded in behalf of that institution. Professor Levi

Edgar Young, on behalf of the Young family, spoke on the "Vission of the B. Y. U."; and PresidentEmeritus George H.

Brimhall expressed his satisfaction with the progress which the institution is making.

In responding to the toasts, Dr. Harris expressed his appreciation for the many kind things that had been said of him and

the institution, and voiced the hope that he might have the continued support of the people and his associates in carrying out the ideals of the Brigham Young University. Mrs. Harris expressed her appreciation for the many courtesies that had been

shown her and her husband, and the kind things that had been said, and expressed a determination to put forth her very best efforts for the advacement of the school.

There's Nothing Just Like Whistling

Whistle when inclined to scold, Whistle when you get the blues,

Just whistle! Just whistle!

Promptly 'twill the feelings mould For a jolly thing to use

With new thoughts as good as gold; Something lively you can choose,

For a kind heart would you hold Try a tune that will amuse

There's nothing just like whistling! There's nothing just like whistling!

Whistle when you want to cry, Whistle when inclined to swear,

Just whistle! Just whistle!

It is better than a sigh Not an oath can e'er compare

Or the tears that flood the eye; With a whistle loud and fair;

'Tis the best thing you can try, In o'ercoming every care,

There's nothing just like whistling! There's nothing just like whistling!

Albuquerque, N, M. Joseph Longking Townsend

Sources of Joy and Factors of Happiness

A Study for the Advanced Senior Classes of M. I. A., 192122

By Dr. George H. Brimhall

Lesson X.—Art

Science gives us truth, and art is to events; in the first, beauty

gives us beauty. In the presence is brought to the fore, in the

of one we are possessed of the latter, the spirit is emphasized.

truth emotion, in the presence of Art is a source of joy through the other we are possessed of the her emphasis of beauty. It is a

beauty emotion. Art not only imtruism that "a thing of beauty is

itates nature, but she adds to it a joy forever."It is the beauty

by selecting the best from nature, of nature that makes it especially thereby combining and making an enchanting. With every season of

ideal. the year, as nature changes one

In literature we have ideal chargarb for another, and as the sky acters, in art we have ideal places presents her varied hues, we exand faces. The common eye often claim, "How beautiful!"

fails to see in a landscape what it Art draws not only on the remay find in the picture of a landproductive powers of the mind, scape, because the picture is the but on its creative ability. As a

landscape as seen through the artfactor of happiness, art contributes ist's eye; consequently, when we to our lives in innumerable ways,

view a mountain painted by a skilthrough the camera, through the ful hand, directed by a mind blanketweaving of the Indian, the trained in seeing beauty, we may exquisitely wrought embroidery of find beauty in the painting that the Japanese, the plans of the skilwe overlook in the mountain. ful architect, the designs of the

Then again, art catches nature landscape gardener, and of the at her best, and holds it fast that professional dressmaker, tailor, we may examine it at leisure. As and milliner and maker of furnian example of this fact, take Rosa ture, as well as the work of the

Bonheur's "Horse Fair."Only the professional illustrator, whose sertrained eye could see the marvel vice is sought after so eagerly by

that has been wrought on that magazines and newspapers. From

small piece of canvas. The achieveall these sources, and many others,

ment of producing so many indiart is a source of joy, and a factor vidual horses full of strength and of happiness, as well as in its more action, could not be accomplished noted achievements that come to save by one who adds skill to geus through the medium of great nius. painting, great sculpture, and great

Art is to vision what literature architecture.

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 145

Other things being equal, the is lifting upward. Such art as

more art in a utensil the better jazz, may have its day of dalliance, the article. It is said of some but like all other forms of error

scientific instruments made in will die amid its worshipers. To

France, that they not only equal live most is to live among the best, the product put out elsewhere, but and art is among the best of the in addition they are beautiful. The constant sources of elevative enjoysame goods made into clothing ment.

artistically are more useful than Our People and Art.—America

they could possibly be if fashioned has not come to its own in art.

inartistically, because the use of France and Italy are the acanything is to be measured by its knowledged leaders in occidental contribution to those for whom it art, while Japan leads in oriental is made. art. The Greeks gave us the old

The artistic setting of a table masters at whose feet all Europe adds to the value of the food sits; while Japanese art is reputed

served on the table, because it conto be as old as that of the Greek.

tributes to the refinement of those There is cause for general pride who partake of the meal, which in the production of art by the serves a tripple purpose; the susLatter-day Saints. Within the area

tenance of the body, the gratifiof three contiguous blocks in Salt cation of the appetite, and the culLake City the artists, George M.

tivation of a taste for the beautiOttinger, Alfred Lambourne, Alma ful. Art contributes to our hapWright, Lee Greene Richards, and

piness by a wide distribution of M. M. Young, have had their

the beautiful, calling for the doing homes. A few years ago the Jourof common things in an uncommon nal of Education, of Boston, conway, and bringing uncommon entained an article, from the pen of

joyment to the common people. its editor, which stated that for

its population, Utah county had True Art Endures.—Standards

of beauty change like standards of produced a greater number of artethics, but there is real beauty as ists than any other county in the there is real good. We never tire United States. Some of these artof beauty in the absolute any more ists are John Fairbanks, and his

than we weary of good in the absons Leo and Avard, of Payson, solute. There are masterpieces of Cyrus E. Dallin, John and Virgil

literature that endure; ideas of Hafen, of Springville, Calvin

righteousness that "though crushed Fletcher, of Provo, E. H. Eastto earth will rise again,"styles mond, of American Fork, and Harof buildings that never become anwood and Evans of Lehi.

of thetiquated, and there is beauty which Art in Religion.—One

is everlasting, despite all oscillareasons given for being religious tions of fashion. We no more tire is that so much of the work of the

of true art than we tire of the sun great masters has been inspired by and the moon and the stars. a desire to depict and perpetuate

religious thoughts and sentiment. The Uplift of Art.—Like the

universe, of which it is a part, art Raphael's Madonna, The Last 146 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Judgment, by Michael Angelo, and 3. What does simplicity in art mean?

The Last Supper of Leonardo Da Illustrate.4. What is meant by color harmony,

Vinci, are all examples of great as applied to household decorations?

paintings that have adorned the 5. At what point in home decorations

churches and cathedrals of Chrisis art substituted by "stuffiness"?

6. Is it simply a change in fashion, ortendom. an advancement in real art, when plain

The temples of the Latterday surface supersedes the highly ornamental

Saints are decorated with mural in furniture? Give reason for your anpaintings. The monuments on swer.

picturethe temple grounds witness the 7. Discuss this proposition: A

worth looking at is worth hanging where skill of their sculptors. In all this, it may be seen to good advantage.

the divinity in man is reaching for 8. Describe a fence that growls at the

a realization of the object of his passerby.

9. Illustrate the truth of the saying:existence, as stated in the Book of

"A thing of beauty is a joy forever."Mormon, that "man is that he may 10. What does it mean to be a lover of

have joy,"and a constant progressart? Illustrate.

ive fulfilment of the declaration in 11. Explain the traveling art exhibit

our thirteenth article of faith, that system.

if there is anything lovely, or of 12. Discuss the practicability of having an M. I. A. art club in your commungood report, or praiseworthy, we ity. Make a list of L. D. S. artists.

seek after these things. Truly art 13. How may art best be encouraged?

is lovely and of good report and 14. Discuss the proposition: "Better

praiseworthy. two good paintings in a home than a

score of common pictures."

15. Describe an artistically set table.

Questions and Problems 16. Suggest decorations for a wage

earning family's dining room.

1. In what respect is the artist a cre17. What is lost by failure to attend art

ator? exhibits?

2. Arrange to have some good paint18. Describe the joy value of having

ings at the meeting, and have some one parlor art and sale exhibits of the paintwell informed point out the features ings of our local artists.

that entitle it to be rated as a work of 19.What is meant by artistic individart. uality in dress?

Lesson XI.—Literature

Literature reveals itself in two low, are notable examples of this forms; it may be spoken or writfact. Literature comes to us from

ten. From the former we obtain the Indian tepee, and from the

the literature of tradition, folk palaces of the kings.

lore; from the latter, our books of Literature has preserved and

poetry, essays, and fiction. handed down through the ages the

From the beginning, the story spirit that accompanied great hishas been preeminent as a source of torical events.

entertainment. "Arabian Nights,"One of the oldest poems is Mir-

"Canterbury Tales,"stories of Sir iam's song of victory, recorded in

Walter Scott in prose and verse, Exodus, 15. It is a song giving litthe narrative poems of Alfred erary illumination to a marvelous

Tennyson and Henry W. Longfelseries of historical events. The

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 147

glorifying of hardship in that The "Village Blacksmith,"from neverto-die hymn, "Come, come, the pen of Henry W. Longfellow,

ye Saints"puts it in the class of has immortalized Brattle Street, in literature that has embalmed the Boston; "The First Snow Fall,"of

past. James Russell Lowell, Mount

The descendants of ancient IsAuburn Cemery; while the Inrael still recite with joyous fervor land Sea of Alfred Lambourne,

the lines recorded in Exodus 15, has made the Dead Sea of Amerand modern Israel untiringly reica radiant with interest and peats the prairie poem of William beauty.

Clayton. Books make us acquainted with

David may elevate us with his the best minds of the past. Dr.

Psalms; Solomon makes us wise Holmes speaks of a librarian as a

with his proverbs, and guides us to sexton calling him "Sexton of a choice of the highest values by those alcoved tombs where men in his "Ecclesiastes,"and the prophets leathern cerements lie."Milton

of ancient Israel lift us out of our says, "For a good book is the life sordid selves, and give to our betblood of a master spirit embalmed ter selves the power to soar above to a life beyond life."

the carnal, sensual and devilish, Channing says:

if we will consent to communicate "It is chiefly through books that we with them, through the medium of enjoy intercourse with superior minds, and these invaluable means of commuthe printed page.

The parables and the sermons of bestnicationbooksaregreatin themenreachtalk ofto all.us, giveIn theus

the Master draw us into the light their most precious thoughts, and pour of knowledge, inspire us with their souls into ours. God be thanked

courage and fill us with kindness. for books. They are the voices of the

We become acquainted with distantof the spiritualand the dead,life ofandpastmakeages. usBooksheirs

power and are taught patience by are the true levelers. They give to all,

the spiritual eloquence of the who will faithfully use them, the society, prophet's prayer at Liberty Jail. the spiritual presence of the best and

We are indebted to literature for greatestpoor I am,—noof our matterrace. thoughNo matterthe proshowmaking travel worth while.—Apart perous of my own time will not enter my

from the joy one experiences in obscure dwelling,—if the sacred writers

travel, conies the added joy to the will enter and take up their abode under my roof, if Milton will cross my threshtraveler of seeing attractive spots old to sing to me of Paradise, and through the eyes of a great writer. Shakespeare to open to me the worlds of

Loch Lomond and Loch Katrine imagination and the workings of the huhave an added charm because of man heart, and Franklin to enrich me

Sir Walter Scott; and the English with his practical wisdom, I shall not

pine for want of intellectual companionlake districts because of Wordsship, and I may become a cultivated worth; the country of Lorna man, though excluded from the best soDoone, because of Blackmore; ciety in the place where I live."

London, because of Dickens and Questions and Problems

Thackeray; Paris, because of Vic-

1. Wbich books of the Bible are rector Hugo, and Venice and Rome ognized as possessing high literary

because of Lord Byron. merit?

148 IMPROVEMENT ERA

2. Name one production from each of 5. What Utahn will be widely rememthe following authors that has contribbered for his free distribution of choice

uted largely to the happiness of the books?

world: Tennyson, Longfellow, BrownShow the relation between one'sing, Bryant, Milton, Bunyan, Key, 6.

Payne, Eliza R. Snow, C. W. Penrose. reading and his optimism.

3. What is there about Lincoln's Ad- 7. Discuss this proposition: Books

dress at Gettysburg that makes of it a are the real levelers.

classic? 4. What does a love of good literature 8. If you could have only ten books

say of its lover? what would be their titles?

Lesson XII.—Music

is a musical of joy, and struggle to increase Introduction.—Man

being. He loves music whether he them, and so music became an art,

creates it or not. Shakespeare a fine art, the divine art.

says: "The man who hath no The measuring of sound, the armusic in his soul, and is not moved ranging of tones, the purposeful

by concord of sweet sounds, is fit producing of harmony, were for treasons, strajtagems, and mighty steps heavenward for the spoils. Let no such man be trustrace. It was a getting back in exed."perience from whence we came,

To be entirely unmusical, that where harps were handled with is, incapable of responding to muangelic skill.

sic, would be to be an element of The philosopher Spencer placed discord and out of harmony with music among the luxuries to be the universe. possessed only by those commandMan in his infancy is lulled to ing leisure, but in the course of

sweet slumber by the lullaby of events, with the spread of liberty, his mother. In youth he is urged it became a heritage of the middle

upward by some sort of mating classes, and was listed as a comsong. fort; then came the glorious Now,

In manhood he is aroused to acthis epoch of the enjoyment for tion by song, cheers, and martial everybody, when music is being strains, and in the higher circles listed as a necessity, and as such the sacred rights of his departure coming within the reach of all the from this world is hallowed by common folk.

the harmony of sound. If it be true that "time's latest

Nature is full of music; long beoffspring is the best,"then music

fore the reed, the pipe, and the bears the palm, for it, of all the string were instruments of sweet great arts, is youngest, reaching song, nature sent forth her soundthe zenith of its glory in the last harmonies for the joy of man. The century: the period when Mozart,

bird's song, the brook's murmur, Beethoven, Wagner, Verdi, and the wind's whistle, lent to the enHandel were contributing their chantment of Eden. best. That was an age in which

As the aim of man's existence is accumulation reached the apex.

joy, his very nature has caused Since then the greatness of music him to cling to the nature sources as a source of joy and a factor of

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 149

happiness has been in large measMusic has been a theme worthy ure due to its distribution. the pen of the master poets, among

Invention, industry, commerce, whom are Spenser, Shakespeare, and education have all contributed and Milton.

is ato the spread of this art which Music in the Home.—It

is the highest expression of the question as to which has added emotional life. most to the happiness of the home,

No student of sociology, of five the incandescent electric lamp, or decades ago, would dare to dream the phonograph. The former ilof a day when a musical instruluminates our houses, the latter

ment would be one of the essenwarms our hearts.

ials of a humble home. It is a glorious privilege to have

Browning, with his poetic vision the masters sing or play at our and musical instinct, ventured to fire sides. Their presence there,

hope that somewhere, somehow, if proper recognition is given it, sweet strains of music would be will make jazz music, which is a caught and kept for others'use departure from the correct, unwelthan those who heard them first; come.

is notand science and invention have Music is mindfood.—Man

made the dream of the great poet at all what he has, nor is he what a reality; and who dare say that he does, he is in a great part what

nature is not making record of he feels, and he is very much what some of earth's great anthems to he enjoys. The decorations of a

be reproduced in the world behome often tell more about it than yond. the family record. The class of

And as nothing but the fittest books found on the center table, may claim survival, what becomes and in the library, the grade of the the duty of the choicest people in current literature subscribed for, regard to music? May it never be are unmistakable indexes of the

forgotten that the tabernacle choir grain of the group.

captured with song, the city from None of the standards suggested which our ancestors were driven point more unerringly to the with bayonets and bullets. Nor standard of refinement than does

are we to forget that the singing the quality of the music enjoyed of heavenly choirs added to the in the family circle. Merely to

joy of many at the dedicatory serhave a few high grade records for vices of the Kirtland and the Manti special display puts the owner in temples. the position of the Indian who

Man is a worshipful being; workept a newspaper in his wigwam,

ship is one of his chief sources of and held it before him when visitjoy, and music is no small part ors came as a makebelieve that he of worship. The God of the Latcould read.

terday Saints loves music, as inAs the reading of good literature dicated in the references from the lifts the mind to the appreciation

Doc. and Cov., and that which thereof, and a corresponding lack

Deity delights in must be a factor of appreciation tends to lower the of happiness. entire intellectual and spiritual

150 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tone, so listening to classic music need of worship in the soul of one will elevate the taste to a plane who attends the church only to where appreciation of the best is hear the music. His seeking is earmade possible. entertainment, not devotion.

When we say classic, do not exChurch music to such may be a clude the simple, lasting composifactor of happiness, but not a tions such as "Home, Sweet source of spiritual joy.

Home,""Ben Bolt,""Coming It sometimes happens, however,

Through the Rye,""Swanee Rivthat the music so touches the hider,""Old Kentucky Home,"or any den springs of spirituality that they other pure songs of the heart. lift out of the subconscious into

the conscious the better part of the Music and Misery.—There may

be music attuned to misery, but it individual to the extent of drivis not such as was produced by the ing indifference from the mind, shepherd's flute where David fed and supplanting it with a feeling the flocks of Jesse, nor the harp of reverence for things divine, so melodies that tamed the anger of that those who come for entertainSaul and caused the spirits of evil ment only, remain to worship in to yield possession of the king. spirit and in truth.

Why the deamons could not Aside from the preparatory efwithstand the stream of melody fect on the people present, good that flowed from the strings music is a call, an effective call, touched by the fingers of the for the presence, the more than avLord's anointed, is not a part of erage presence, of that something scripture, it is enough to know that which proceeds from the great diit was music that exalted angels vine personal center of intelliloved,and that fallen spirits sought gence and love, God's love.

to avoid. Whether it was through The invocation that follows may

a recollection of the harmonies be more inspired and the sermon heard in the heavens, or that its more heart reaching, and then the very nature was in conflict with hymn preceding it, will make the the character of the rebellious, we benediction more perfect than it may never learn, but we may conwould be without the closing clude that whatever by the name hymn.

of music creates rejoicing amid That God loves music we have iniquity, leads away from, and not ample evidence. The birth of his

towards, the paths of peace or Son was heralded with song. Muhome of happiness. The coupsic in heaven. Revelation 14:1,

ling of good music with immoral or 2, 3. "The song of the rightirreverent words, or words in any eous is a prayer unto me."Doc.

way unworthy its accompaniment, and Cov., 25:12.

is like chaining innocence to in- "Let the earth break forth into famy and compelling it to comsinging,"Doc. and Cov., 22. "If

mit crime. thou art merry, praise the Lord

Music in with singing and with music."Worship.—The opening song of a service prepares the 136:28. "Sing this new song,"84:

way for the invocation. There is 98.

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 151

"Gathering in Zion with songs,"6. How would the society of the future be affected by the universal car101:18.

yring over of the slogan: Everybody

Henry Ward Beecher, in writing sing.

of hymns, said: "They are crys- 7. Prescribe for the cure of a taste for

tallized tears or blossoms of joy degenerating music.

a list of twelveor holy prayers or incarnated rap- 8. We herewith submit

records prepared by Professor Florencetures, they are the jewels which Jepperson, Professor of Music Brigham the church has worn. No other Young University.

composition is like an experimentTwelve Records That Should be al hymn. Forty years the heart in Every Home

may have been in battle, and one "American Fantasia"(1 and 2) verse shall express the fruit of the (double faced record) Victor Herbert's whole. * * * If the angels that Orchestra.

Jacob saw sang when they ap- "Onward Christian Soldiers"Victor peared, then I know that the ladBand. "Love's Old Sweet Song"(violin,

der which he beheld was but the flute, and piano) Victor Record.

scale of divine music let down "Caprice Viennoise"(violin solo) from heaven to earth."Kreisler.

"Toreador's Song"(from Carmen

Questions and Problems Opera) Sung by Gogorza.

1. Show how the troubadors were dis- "O.Rest in the Lord"from "Elijah"

tributors of happiness in their meanSung by Mme. Culp.

derings from the king's court to the cot- "Sol Mio"(My Sunshine) Sung by tages of the peasant. Caruso.

2. Discuss the following as an apropri- "Hungarian Dance"(No. 5) Brahms

ate slogan: For every home, a musical Played by Philadelphia Symphony Orinstrument, for every ward, a choir, chestra.

for every town, a band. "Walz Song"(from Opera Romeo and

3. Wherein are choirs and band feedJuliet) Sung by GalliCurci.

ers of the multitude? "Love's Dream"(Liszt) Victor Her-

4. "What are the grounds for this asserbert's Orchestra.

tion: Of all people the Latterday Saints "Sweet Spirit, Hear My Prayer"(Neahave most need for musical training. politan Trio—Violin, harp, and flute).

5. Discuss the relative value of music "Silent Night, Holy Night"(Christmas

and mathematics in a girl's education, as Carol) Either solo by Culp or they are likely to affect the object of her SchumannHeink or Neapolitan Trio existence. (violin, harp, and flute).

How it is Done

That future achievement you have in your mind,

Needs only great effort, and then you will find,

That wishing for anything never can win it;

But striving will do it, if you but begin it.

Let never discouragement enter your dream;

Stick close to your thought and row always up stream;

And work while you dream it, and talk it and sing it;

For these help the effort that surely will bring it.

If mountainous obstacles rise in your way,

Just climb them! and then on their top you can say,

"I see it! It's coming!"and then you will shout it;

"'Believe me\ I'll win it!'"and no one win doubt it.

Satella Jaques Penman San Diego, California

The Book of Mormon and Modern Research

By J. M. Sjodahl

The question of when and how America was first settled is one of supreme interest to students of ethnology generally, and especially to the Latterday Saints who have a testimony of the truth of the Book of Mormon. But scientists, notwithstanding their untiring labors and marvelous discoveries, have

so far been unable to suggest an acceptable answer to it.

Some eminent authorities hold that the American continents were peopled way back in geological ages.

There was a time when enormous glaciers covered a large area of what we call the temperate zones. This is known as

the Glacial Period or the Ice Age. The ice sheet in the northern hemisphere then came down as far as the site of the present

city of Boston on the Atlantic coast and stretched across the continent in an irregular line. Ice masses covered the Pacific

slope as far south as the mouth of the Columbia river. It is

supposed that this ice sheet receded during periods of mild climatic conditions, and then extended during long seasons of cold, whereupon it again receded and has continued to do so up to the present time. The first melting is called the Interglacial epoch, and the last is the Postglacial era. During

the glacial and early postglacial periods it is supposed that the northern part of the American continent and the bottom of the Northern Atlantic were much higher than they are now, and that the earth's crust in those regions has sunk considerably.

"The St. Lawrence river,"we are told, "was then an arm of

the sea, Lake Champlain was a deep bay, and the mouth of the Delaware river was where the city of Trenton now stands, the river itself being a wide inlet."

Dr. Daniel Brinton* takes the view that man existed in

this country during those climatic and geological changes. "We

know,"the doctor says, "he was there, from the evidence he has left behind him in the various strata and deposits attributable to the different agencies I have described."

Some of this evidence may be briefly referred to. Quartz

"chips"have been found in the "modified drift"deposited dur-

*The American Race, Philadelphia, 1901.

THE BOOK OF MORMON AND MODERN RESEARCH 153

ing the main Interglacial period, near Little Falls, Minn.

Rudely chipped arrow heads have been unearthed in loess beds referred to the second glacial period, in the Missouri

Valley. They were found beneath the vertebrae of an elephant.

A primitive hearth has also been discovered along the old beach of Lake Ontario, which, according to an eminent geologist, dated from a period "when the channel of the Niagara river had not yet begun to be furrowed out of the rock by the receding waters."Implements chipped from hard stones, dating

from the close of the last glacial epoch, have been found in deposits of loess and gravels in Ohio and Indiana. In the valley of Mexico, too, it is stated, relics of man have been dug out

of the quaternary rock,and in the Argentine Republic Ameghino and Burmeister found bone and stone implements of rude form and the remains of hearths associated with bones of the extinct horse, the glyptodon, and other animals now unknown.

"Such facts,"Dr. Brinton asserts, after having stated them somewhat more extensively than is done here, "place it beyond a

doubt that man lived in both North and South America at the cloe of the Glacial Age."*

But all authorities are not as confident of the correctness of the conclusions arrived at by Dr. Brinton as he is himself.

Dr. W. H. Holmes, after a masterly presentation of the evidence, sums the case up in these words:

"Considering the evidence in all is phases, it can not be allowed that the Tertiary, or even the Pleistocene, occupancy of the American Continent by the race is demonstrated, and the writer prefers to favor the view, already fully expressed, that the continent was probably not reached and occupied until after the final retreat of the glacial ice from middle

North America. At the same time it must be granted that there is no apparent reason why, if already occupying northern Asia, man should not

have reached American shores by way of Bering Strait during any of the periods of mild climate which preceded and interrupted the Ice Age."t

Dr. Holmes adds that we may wisely await the results of

further research and provide for the application to them of the severest scientific tests.

There is where the scientists stand at present in the question of when man first appeared in America. They have not yet

been able to agree on a verdict, although the general trend of opinion is in favor of the assumption of a very high antiquity.

The Book of Mormon gives more definite information.

It tells the wonderful story of the landing of the Jaredites somewhere on the coast of America shortly after the dispersion at

*The American Race, p. 28.

fHandbook of Aboriginal American Antiquities, Vol. 1, p. 94.

154 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Babel, and of the founding of the kingdom of Moron* (Ether 7:5), also called The Land of First Inheritance (Ether 7:16).

It records the rebellion of Corihor and his flight to another country called "The Land of Nehor;"also the division of Moron

into two parts, "The Kingdom of Shule"and "The Kingdom of Cohor."(Ether 7:20.) Then it mentions the rebellion of

Jared against his father Omer (Ether 8:2) and the flight of

the latter far away to a place called Ablom, by the seashore (Ether 9:3). It goes on to tell about the strife and wars of

the Jaredites, of their dispersion to various parts of the continent, the warnings given by prophets, visitations that came upon the people, and their final extinction, which was so complete that only ruins and dry bones marked the locations of their once populous settlements (Omni 22; Mos. 8:8; 21:26, 27.)

These Jaredites, from the account given of them in the Book of Mormon, came from the place where the Tower of Babel was erected. From that center, the human family branched out.

Some reached eastern Asia. Others crossed the water and

landed in what is now generally called the western world.

Some went to Europe and came as far as the Baltic coasts and the British isles, while others took possession of other parts of the world.

The Jaredites, whose history is recorded in the Book of

Mormon, were hunters and fishers. Their principal food may

have been taken from the sea, or the rivers and lakes, since on their journey from their homeland they carried with them "the fish of the waters,"in a receptacle made especially for that purpose. They were also agriculturists, for they had "seeds

of every kind."They had "flocks"of such animals as had been

domesticated in that early day of human history, and they had bees, having learned, evidently, the value of honey as an article of food (Ether 2:1-3).

Now it should be observed that the Book of Mormon has nothing to say about the occupation of America by man before the arrival of the Jaredites. If scientists find, beyond controversy, that there were human beings here before the building

of the tower; in fact, before the flood and way back in glacial

ages, the authors of that volume offer no objection at all. They

do not touch that question. They only assert that the Lord

led the brother of Jared and his colony to this country shortly after the dispersion, and they give the briefest possible outline of the political and ecclesiastical history of their descendants until their final overthrow. This has never been, and

cannot be, disputed on scientific grounds. If America was oc-

*If, as I surmise, this word is akin to the word Maran, which Paul uses in I Cor. 16:22, it means "The Land of the Lord"

THE BOOK OF MORMON AND MODERN RESEARCH 155

cupied by any race of we may call them people—preJaredites, concerning them must be gathered, not from the—information

Book of Mormon, but from geological strata, or from archeological remains extant. No truth that scientists may discover

by these or any other means is contrary to anything set forth in the Book of Mormon. Mr. John Fiske very well observes

that it is not unlikely that the glacial men perished from off the face of the earth, having been crushed and supplanted by stronger races. That is exactly what the Book of Mormon,

it seems to me, leads us to believe may have occurred. Mr. Fiske

adds: "There may have been successive waves of migration, of which the

Indians were the latest."*

The question of the origin of the present Indians covers too much ground for a thorough discussion in this article.

Many theories have been advanced. The consensus of

opinion at present is that the Indian really is an immigrant.

Dr. Brinton admits that "Paul was not so wide of the mark"

when he said that God had made of one blood all nations of men (Acts 17:25).f But from what nation did the Indians

spring?

The first to suggest that they are of Semitic origin was, according to Schoolcraft, the Hollander Hugo Grotius, who died in 1645, and Schoolcraft himself acknowledges his acceptance of it.$ Adair, in his History of the North American Indians,

and Lord Kingsborough in his magnificent work on Mexican

Antiquities give the most convincing proofs. Then there is the

story of a Welsh settlement, reported to have been founded by Prince Madoc, in 1170, and of many other immigrants, some from Kamchatka and China.

Even Mr. Fiske acknowledges that these traditions have

never been disproved, but they have, nevertheless, as he puts it, "all been superseded and laid on the shelf. This is, clearly,

no argument. Facts cannot be "laid on the shelf"whenever

such procedure seems to be convenient for the sake of making room for a pet theory.

According to the Book of Mormon, Lehi, and his company

*Discovery of America, Vol. 1, p. 15.

tMyths of the New World, p. 14.

J"The idea that our Indians were the descendants of the Jews, I always considered merely as a poetic one, and fit only for works of fiction. But

in spite of my prejudices to the contrary, parts have developed themselves, and shown a resemblance between the Hebrew and Indian languages in general which I cannot find between the Indian and any other language.

I have no inferences, but let the facts speak for themselves."(Schoolcraft,

Indian Tribes of the United States, Vol. 5, p. 387.)

Discovery of America, Vol. 1, p. 3.

156 IMPROVEMENT ERA

came to this side of the world from Palestine, about 600 B. I*.

They and their descendants founded kingdoms, made war, dispersed, built cities and sanctuaries, and, finally, after a thousand years of varied experiences, ceased to exist as nations. According to the same sacred record, another Hebrew colony

was founded in this hemisphere, about 600 B. C, known as

the Mulekites (Helaman 6:10).

Are there in this country any Indian-, that are not descendants of these first Hebrew settlers? That is a question for the

scientists to answer* The Book of Mormon gives no direct information on that subject. It confines itself strictly to the history of the descendants of Lehi and Mulek. If science, after a careful investigation

of the physical characteristics of the presentday Indians; their

languages, their religious ideas, their myths and traditions, and their social institutions, should declare that there are evidences of other influences as well as Semitic, that would not affect the authenticity of the Book of Mormon in the least, for the proofs of the truth of its historical records, fragmentary though they may be, are decisive to every unprejudiced mind, and they are accumulating rapidly.

The authorities on American archaeology at present recognize that in Chile and Peru, in Central America and Mexico,

*Jousset affirms that primeval American civilization was imported from Asia. P. de Roo says not a few writers defend the opinion that the

Egyptians who sailed around Africa and far into the Atlantic left vestiges of their presence in America of their architecture and language. The

Phoenicians are also mentioned as having landed in America, and Home expresses the opinion that the Indian races of Yucatan, Cuba, Haiti, Brazil, and Patagonia are of Phoenician descent.

W. H. Holmes, chief of the Bureau of American Ethnology, in a paper

on "The Peopling of America,"read before the first PanAmerican Scientific Congress held at Santiago, Chile, Oct. 29, 1908, discussed thoroughly

the problem of the origin of the American aborigines. Some of his

conclusions, as stated in the 30th Annual Report of the Bureau, published 1915, pp. 13 and 14, are as follows:

"(7) That the pioneers of the present American race belonged to the welldifferentiated Asiatic subrace and that they reached America by way of Bering Strait.

"(8) That the early migrations included few individuals and occurred at widely separated periods; that the movements were slow and by means

of the ice bridge in winter or by skin boats in summer.

"(10) That successive migrations involved numerous distinct groups or tribes so that the American race is a composite of diversified Asiatic elements more or less completely amalgamated.

"(14) That in the present period prior to the Columbian discovery occasional voyagers from southern Asiatic culture centers or from Japan or

China may have reached American shores and left an impress on the culture of middle America.

"(16) That much of the recorded geological evidence of great human antiquity in America is unreliable and requires critical revision."

THE BOOK OF MORMON AND MODERN RESEARCH 157

and in North America two cultural epochs at least, one older and one more recent, have left evidences of their existence.

In Peru a list of Incas goes back to Manco Capac, who flourished about 1250 of our era. But this dynasty was preceded

by the Pirua kings who began their rule in the fifth century

B. C* And between the two there was an interval of 400 years

of chaos and anarchy. In Yucatan the last great epoch of the

Mayas began with the founding of the famous cities of Bakhalal, Chichen Itza, and Chakanputun and developed the subsequent federation, in the 11th century of our era, of Chichen

Itza, Uxmal, and Mayapan. But this was preceded by one much

older, which has been called "the golden age of the Maya."All

the great cities, Palenque and Yaxchilan in what is now southern Mexico; Piedras Negras, Seibal, Tikal, Naranjo, and Quirigua in the present Guatemala; and Copan in Honduras, rose to

greatness and sank into insignificance before the second and much more recent period began. It has been supposed that the

Mayas south of Yucatan were driven from their homes and dispersed by a stronger race. How far back the "golden"age

of the Mayas dates is not known from any secular sources. The

oldest dated artifact found from that period is a statuette of jade discovered at Tuxtla, Vera Cruz, and that bears a date that has been interpreted to correspond to our 100 B. C.f In Mexico the

Toltec federation was broken up by the Aztecs, supposedly in the middle of the 10th century of our era. According to one

tradition the Toltecs came into Mexico from the north, after a terrible conflict that lasted 13 years, and that they founded the city of Tollan. According to Dr. Wilson the Toltec wanderers

came to a country called Huehue Tlapallan in the year 387

A. D., and Foster identifies them with the mound builders in the

Ohio and Mississippi valleys. The Aztecs, it is supposed, came

into Mexico about 300 years before the Spaniards. They founded

the city of Tenochtitlan in the year 1326 of our era.

There is no conflict, in these dates and traditions, with the history of the Book of Mormon. The inspired record ends with

the sanguinary battle between Lamanites and Nephites at Cumorah, about 400 A. D. The history of the country after that

time must be gathered from other sources. As far as the facts

are known recent archeological research accords wonderfully with the historical part of the Book of Mormon. There is a

gap of about one thousand years between the point where the Book of Mormon history ends and the Spanish conquest; but

the more we learn of the institutions and conditions of the

Indians as the conquerors found them, the more clearly it ap-

*John Fiske, Discovery of America, Vol. 2, p. 303.

tMorley, Introduction to the Study of Maya Hieroglyphics, p. 195.

158 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pears that those institutions and cultures were exactly what we might expect them to be after ten centuries of political and religious chaos of a people such as that depicted in the Book of

Mormon. If we reject that record, there is no rational way of

accounting for the Indians in the 15th and 16th centuries. To

say that they and their civilization were "autochthonous"* is but to repeat in mystifying language the famous theory of Topsy concerning her own origin. But full justice to this subject is not

to be expected in a necessarily brief paper, even if it were written by an abler pen than I can ever hope to have at my command.

The Pasture Ghost

Late one eve within the pasture,

In the halfmoon's fainter glow,

To the milking place I ventured

Boylike, half afraid to go.

I had dillydallied, hunting, Past the usual milking time, Till from way off in the clearing

Came the cowbell's tinkling chime.

Through the stumps and brush there flickered

Many a startled bird and bat.

Then appeared there right before me,

Sure, a ghost in shroud and hat!

And an arm at me a pointing, Plain as anything could be, In the halfmoon's light a swaying

Plainly as my eyes could see.

Startled by the apparition, Every hair upon my head Bristled in affright, as o'er me

Shiveis i an of fear and dread.

Then I whistled up my courage,

Grabbed a limb, and with a blow

Whacked that ghost, to find it nothing

But a big white stub aglow.

Oft since then by things I'm startled,

Oft the creepy chills of fear Worry till my judgment falters

Viewing things as they appear.

But that ghost in our old pasture

Shows me what I fear the most.

When assailed with proper courage,

Vanishes as did the ghost.

Albuquerque, N. M. Joseph Longking Townscnd

*Supposed to have risen or sprung from the ground they inhabited.

Footprints on the Sands of Time

By Fred Buss, Department of Geology, Brigham Young University.

Anyone who has wandered along the seaside and played or dreamed on the beach, has surely sometimes written his name in the sands and then watched the incoming waves wash out the record forever. To us the shifting sands of the shore are symbolical of all that is unstable and fleeting, and it seems especially

unlikely that on them could be preserved any permanent record of any event that may have transpired there.

Yet the geologist knows full well that the record of past events in the earth's history is more permanently written on the muds and sands of the shore or delta flat than are human records on papyrus or sheepskin, and the interpretation of the shore line hieroglyphics is about as certain as those on the monuments of Egypt or Assyria.

Four miles east of Heber City, Utah, at the mouth of Lake

Creek Canyon, is a quarry of red sandstone, now practically abandoned because of the competition of the cement window sill and paving block. The soft, red rock of this quarry evidently

represents the debris of a land mass brought hither by some ancient stream or washed by the ocean waves from some sea cliff and then deposited in some sheltered cove of a long vanished

Triassic or Jurassic sea.

The sandstone of this quarry is crossed and recrossed with innumerable footprints of various small bipedal creatures which walked or rather waddled across the sand flat, evidently in search of the bodies of sea animals which might have been left exposed by the retreating tide. Sometimes one can observe

where these little creatures paused in their walk to dig for something buried a few inches beneath the surface in the soft sand.

The accompanying illustration shows the tracks preserved on two slabs of rock which were collected in this locality. The

larger slab is about three and onehalf feet by one foot, entirely crossed by the tracks of a little animal which could have been but little larger than a halfgrown chicken.

The trail of the right foot is nearly two inches from the trail of the left, yet the distance between the steps is barely one and onequarter inches. Evidently the creature's legs were very

short and placed far apart and he must have had a very pronounced waddle as he progressed along the sandy flat. The

160 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Animal tracks in red sandstone, found near Heber, Utah, by the Brigham

Young University, Geological Department, October, 1921.

FOOTPRINTS ON THE SANDS OF TIME 161

straightness and regularity of his steps indicate a mind at peace with his surroundings and apparently solely intent on seeking what he might devour.

Each foot seems to have possessed three toes, but one of them, the inner, was placed far from the other two and seems not to have borne much of the body's weight. The tiny impression of this third toe can be seen inside of the main print.

The larger track represents that of an animal much more upright in habit and perhaps one as large as a rabbit. Like the

other, it evidently walked on two legs perhaps balancing himself by means of a long tail, although it seems strange that we should not find the print of such an appendage as the animal walked along. The prints of these tracks are about four inches

apart and it is about one and onehalf inches between the right and the left impressions. This creature also seems to have had

three toes although they were so closely crowded together that the print of each partly obliterates the others.

No skeletons of these animals have aa yet been found, but their habits suggest that they were carnivorous forms. If this

be true, their bones should some day be found in the deposit, for life must have been uncertain with them, in the presence of the numerous other forms. Then, too, it seems that their bones would

be quickly buried even as their tracks have been.

We cannot tell whether or not these animals were nocturnal in their habits for, as far as I know, theie is nothing preserved to tell whether the sun or the moon was shining on the sandy waste when these little creatures went hunting; but we feel quite

sure that it sometimes rained, as many of the slabs of this rock are pitted exactly as if a shower had passed over during the interval between high and low tide, and these rainformed pits were filled with sand when the advancing waves on the breast of a rising tide again swept over the area. These waves and currents have also left certain evidence of their existence in the ripple and rill marks that are preserved along with the rain marks.

It is impossible to state exactly what these animals were,

Their bipedal gait and predacious habits, as well as their presence in rocks of the Lower Mesozoic time, suggest relationship with the dinosaurs, but their feet are of uncertain form and it seems strange that such low hung animals as these evidently were could have walked over the sand without forming an imprint of their long tails, had they belonged to that reptilian race. At any

rate we have here a field that is very promising for future study and one which will probably reveal many instructive lessons to the geologist who engages in painstaking and systematic collecting.

Provo, Utah.

V< i? I

r

Front row: Gustaf Peterson*, Andrew Jenson, Fred Anderson; bacU

row: C. A. F. Orlob, Soren C. Jensen.

The First Y. M. M. I. A. in Denmark

By Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian

At regular council meeting held in the Latterday Saints hall, in Store Regnegade 26, Copenhagen, Denmark, Wednesday evening, Nov. 19, 1879, attended by Niels Wilhelmsen, president

of the Scandinavian mission, Carl C. Asmussen, president of the

Copenhagen conference, and Andrew Jenson, president of the

Copenhagen branch, a Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association was organized in the Copenhagen branch, with the following officers: Andrew Jenson, president; Gustaf Peterson,

first counselor, Fred Anderson, second counselor, Chr. A. F.

Orlob, secretary, and Soren C. Jensen, treasurer. This was

the first regularly organized Y. M. M. I. A. in the Scandinavian

mission, but soon afterwards similar organizations were effected in the larger branches in the mission, nearly all of which have had a continued existence ever since. The first regular meeting

of the Y. M. M. I. A. organized in Copenhagen was held November 26, 1879, on which occasion the officers of the association

were set apart, and an interesting program rendered. Soon

afterwards a library was commenced, which circulated among the members of the association for a number of years. Of the

officers elected on that occasion all except one are still alive.

FIRST Y. M. M. I. A. IN DENMARK 163

Thus Andrew Jenson is now a resident of Salt Lake City, Utah, engaged in historical labors.

Fred. Anderson, the second counselor, is now a resident of

Inverury, Sevier county, Utah, where he acted for a number of years as a bishop's counselor. Chr. A. F. Orlob, the secretary,

is now an important officer in the Z. C. M. I., Salt Lake City,

and Soren C. Jensen, the treasurer (now an aged man) is a resident of Salt Lake City. Gustaf Peterson, the first counselor, is

the only one of the officers who has "gone to the other side."At

the time of the organization he was the translator for Nordstjarnan (the Church organ in Scandinavia in the Swedish language). He died laboring faithfully in his calling, April 18, 1881,

and was buried in the city of Copenhagen.

The Tie Divine

Now, Jim and me ain't always Had the smilinest of times, Our weddin'bells rung long ago, "We've most forgot their chimes.

We differ 'bout a lot of things

In this here game of life, And I sometimes get to wishin'

He'd got some other wife.

Our neighbors there, the Johnsons,

Have busted up for keeps;

He goes around a whistlin', She says she never weeps.

And Smithy he's got a bran new wife,

The old one was a crank;

So he is mighty happy, And he has the courts to thank.

But Jim and me, we're difrent,

We got a lot of kids;

We never could divide them up,

The humane law forbids.

Besides—there is the one that's gone!

And when I think of him It makes me love his father, So I guess I'll stay with Jim.

Shelley, Idaho Agnes Just Reid #i iUll |V

Enforce the Cigarette Law

Violators of the anticigarette law in Salt Lake City are reported to have received, recently, a warning from the Chief of

Police that the illegal sale of cigarettes must cease. Many

such violations have been called to the attention of the authorities by various organizations. The local Social Welfare League,

with Dean Milton Bennion, of the University of Utah, as president, has instituted an active educational campaign to counteract the tendency to show contempt for law, which has arisen from the violation of the anticigarette act. The growing

tendency to disregard law is a vital question. All loyal citizens

have a duty to perform, in adding their influence to put a stop to the leaning in this direction. The peace officers often voice

the sentiment that the public is not behind the law. This is not

true, if we take for evidence the expression of the public before the law was passed. We believe the great majority of Utah citizens are against the cigarette, and for the law. Let us show how

we stand by expressing our sentiments through petitions to the officers and by resolutions in public gatherings, speeches, and in public and private declarations asking to have the law enforced. Some organizations have already done so. Tell them

you are with them, and give them your aid for the enforcement of the law.

The General Board Y. M. M. I. A. have unitedly declared

themselves as follows, let the M. I. A. organizations throughout

the state pass similar resolutions:

At the June convention, 1920, the M. I. Associations adopted

as their slogan, "We stand for the nonuse and nonsale of tobacco."The Fourteenth Session of the Legislature of the State

of Utah placed upon our statute books the anticigarette law.

This law in many places is being flagrantly violated, and the big question now before us, with reference to it, is, "What are we going to do about it?"

One of our articles of faith contains this provision, "We believe in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law."Our

slogan for this year is, "We stand for loyal citizenship."The

principle involved in the article of faith and the slogan are sufficiently broad to form a suitable platform upon which all

EDITORS'TABLE 165

loyal citizens can stand. With such a splendid platform, should

we falter for one moment in doing everything in reason, within our power, to give effect to such a law?

The law is now the law of every citizen of the state, and is entitled to the support of every citizen of the state, irrespective of what his personal views may be with reference to it. It

is the bounden duty of every officer of the state, county, city, and town, to see that the law is obeyed and enforced.

We recommend that the officers of our associations immediately take up the matter of the enforcement of this law, and work out ways and means of bringing about its enforcement.

To accomplish this purpose better, we suggest that a committee be appointed in each stake and ward to follow up the matter, during this season, that they enlist the support of the other auxiliary organizations of the Church as well as other organizations that may be interested, and that they take that matter up with city commissioners, mayors of towns and cities, city and county attorneys, police officers, and sheriffs, with a view of interesting them in, and assisting them with, the enforcement of the law.

If the officers, whose duty it is to enforce the law, show no, or little, interest, stir up a strong public sentiment in favor of the enforcement of the law by means of public meetings, petitions, publicity in the press, and the use of large delegations to the proper authorities, and such other definite methods as may be deemed wise by the association. Chairmen of all stake

committees will please forward their names at once to John

F. Bowman, care of Y. M. M. I. A., 47 East South Temple, Salt

Lake City, Utah.

President Heber J. Grant stated recently before a public

assembly in Ogden, "I have seen men of high standing in this state smoking in places where this practice is prohibited by law, and yet these men would be indignant if they were called lawbreakers."A.

The Influence of Reading Matter

In much of the printed matter which is largely read by our young people, there appears to be a subtle influence which menaces their faith in God's great Latterday work. It is undoubtedly true that what young people read goes far toward forming

their character, for on their plastic young minds are indelibly stamped, for good or for ill, the impressions from the printed 166 IMPROVEMENT ERA

page. It is a duty, therefore, of all who have young people in

charge, to see to it that, as far as possible, nothing but the best books and reading matter that can be procured shall be placed in the hands of the young.

Of course, the standard Church works should be read; but

the fact is that many of the young people confine their reading largely to works of fiction. It seems natural that the story should

attract more than the didactic forms of literature. But what

are these fiction books, seeking admission into the homes of the

Latterday Saints? The best of them often have suggestions and

ideals not in harmony with the faith and conceptions of Latterday Saints; and through subtle influence these false suggestions

and ideals leave their imprint on the reader.

For example, here is a story, artistic in the delineation of character, generally high in moral tone, but literally steeped in tobacco. The charming heroine sits on the knee of the brave

hero, and lovingly lights his pipe for him. Another story, by

one of our best American writers, tells of the central figure, a good, kind, noble old man who, every evening after supper, complacently smokes his pipe and occasionally takes a thimbleful of whiskey. In many a modern novel the sin of unchastity

is mildly called the "sowing of wild oats,"especially if the man is guilty of the "indiscretion."Frequently wilful, persistent

breakers of the moral law are eventually glorified by the doing of some noble deed. In these stories socalled love, which

is mostly a perversion of real love, overrides the barriers of faith which the Latterday Saints are taught to believe as real, and the believer and the unbeliever are yoked together to the satisfaction and happiness of all concerned. Even in the stories

furnished to our primary school children, we have pictured the first men living in trees, and later in the caves of the earth. In

our high schools and universities it is no uncommon thing to find the texts teaching that man has come up from the slime of the ocean bed! All this is doubly dangerous because it is classed

as good literature, and as such, finds its way into our schools and homes.

What can be done to avert, or at least lessen, the danger?

First, a careful supervision should be given to the selection of books placed in the hands of our children. Certainly, books and

magazines published outside of the Church can not be barred, but the best only should be permitted in the home, and in the hands of the children. Then, and this we think is the vitally

literature should be more freely paimportat thing—our home

tronized and read. Thousands of our homes are without any of

our Church magazines. Five of the auxiliaries publish magazines which contain carefully selected stories and other articles

EDITORS'TABLE 167

of interest. At least, these should have the first chance with our

young people, to implant the lessons of truth in their minds.

The literature of the Latterday Saints may not have the polish of the world, but it carries with it a spirit and influence for chastity, virtue, and righteous living, which is of more worth than mere polish. It may be crude at times, but it is distinctive, and ofttimes rugged, in strength of the everlasting gospel

restored in these days for the salvation of the human race. Let

provide itus give it a fair chance to fulfil its mission.—Let us

for our reading tables. A.

Evidence of a Name

Editor Improvement Era:

Dear Brother: In the November number of The Paradise of the Pacific, a monthly magazine published in Honolulu,

Hawaii, there appears the statement that "The ancient name for Diamond Head was Leahi."

It will be recognized readily that the English pronunciation of the word "Leahi"would naturally be Lehi. A word

spelled "Leahi"would be pronounced by a Hawaiian as if it where written Layah-he.

Anyway, it seems to me that this ancient name, for the prominent volcanic mountain that is close to the city of Honolulu, might well be considered another link in the increasing chain of evidence that the Hawaiians are descendants of the

Patriarch Lehi who, with his family, came from Jerusalem to the American continent, as related in the Book of Mormon.

Incidentally, also, the designation by the name "Leahi"of such a conspicuous mountain in Hawaii, thus named by descendants of the progenitor of the Hawaiian race, constitutes an addition to the innumerable evidences of the authenticity of that record of the ancient inhabitants of the Western hemisphere.* Yours very truly,

D. M. McAllister.

President Grant's Conference Sermon

This was promised to appear in the December number of the Era, but owing to unavoidable conditions its publication has been delayed, and it will appear in full in the next number of the Era.

*For the origin and meaning of the name Lehi (Hebrew, Lechi), see

Judges 15:9-20.

168 IMPROVEMENT ERA Books Essentials in Church History, by Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of the

Council of the Twelve Apostles, a onevolume history of the Church, including essential doctrines to which the Priesthood quorums'attention is respectfully called. This book will be used for the study of the Melchizedek priesthood and the priests. It contains such information on

history and doctrine as should be understood by every Latterday Saint condensed in one volume for convenient use and reference, and containing the essentials in history, priesthood, authority, and the development of the leading doctrines of this dispensation, temple work, etc. Ready by January 1. Price $1.50 postpaid.

"Wee Rhymes for Wee Kiddies,"is the title of the Child's book published by the Child Lore Publishing Company of Salt Lake City. The

book is entirely a homemade production and contains many of the little child nursery rhymes that will please the "kiddies,"and yet is free from the exaggeration and tragedies so freely used in some of the old time nursery stories. Here is one for example:

SPOTTY Spotty, Spotty, he's my pig Never will grow very big.

Yesterday he ate my hat And seemed to feel quite well at that.

His tail it is a weather vane,

And curls up when it's going to rain.

Another PUSSYCAT Pussycat, Pussycat, where are you going?

Down by the river where cattails are growing:

Will they be black, or will they be brown?

All soft and silky and covered with down.

The whole book is Utah made, in beautifully colored illustrations, texts, printing, and general makeup. The verses are by Leona Taylor and

the illustrations by Edna Taylor, two Utah Girls.

Messages from the Missions

Progress of the Church in Sheffield, England

Elder Dan C. Smedley reports from Sheffield, England, August 15:

"This picture is of the missionaries of the Sheffield Conference, along with several of the local brethren, all of whom are working earnestly for the spread of the gospel in this part of the Lord's vineyard.

"Since the beginning of the war, in 1914, until August, 1920, this Conference suffered from the lack of elders, but through the able efforts of the local brethren, it has been kept intact and in fair condition for the incoming elders now arriving from Zion. The first elder from Utah, after

the war, arrived August 17, 1920. Today we have eight elders from Zion.

During this year of reconstruction much time has been spent in locating lost Saints and investigators, and to this work we have added a regular amount of missionary labor; 2,420 hours of trading has been done; 78,657

tracts have been delivered to 39,328 homes; and a large number of books

have been sold, and meetings held. But figures cannot show the real work

which has been done, nor the large amount of prejudice that has been allayed. The work is not lagging here, and the future looks very promEDITORS'TABLE 169

ising. Persecution has become practically a thing of the past. The reason

is that there is a broader experience and contact, due to the war conditions, and the rise of a new system of free thought, carrying with it the tendency on the part of the individual to assert his rights and privileges which have long been oppressed. Many other features have aided in bringing about the passing of the persecution. We anticipate a future of success, when the knowledge of our message will make friends of all men."

Top row, left to right: Clarence L. Giles, Salt Lake City; "William L.

Wyatt, Wellsville; Homer Taylor, Marysvale; Alvin G. Lovell, Oak City.

Second row, Harry Smith, Sheffield; Samuel Gratton, Woodhouse; William

S. Erickson; Louisville; Herbert Stagg, Sheffield; Ervin Rawlings, Preston,

Idaho. Bottom row, Oliver Shaw, Sheffield; Leigh W. Clark, Mesa, Arizona;

President Dan C. Smedley, Bountiful; Joseph Hamstead, Rawmarch; George

Bailey, Sheffield; Joseph F. Quinney, Rotherham.

The Young Life Campaign.

We are pleased to enclose a snap shot of the elders of the Nottingham conference, England. Recently our working force has been increased from

six to ten missionaries, and seeing there are upwards to three million of souls in this conference it is none too many for the work;* in fact, more

could well be employed in teaching the gospel. We find lamentable ignorance so far as religion is concerned—no thought and no hope for the

future, with a majority of those to whom we speak. A great effort is

now in full swing in the city of Nottingham at reviving religion in the hearts and lives of the young, by a united effort of all the churches (except the Roman Catholics) at a revival called, "The Young Life Campaign,"conducted by two young Irishmen, the Brothers Wood. In one of these

meetings we visited there were three thousand present. The meeting started

at 6:45 p. m. and lasted two hours and a half; two hours were occupied

in singing hymns, solos, duets, and choruses; an address of twenty

minutes following, on "Nothing."As far as one was able to judge, it could

170 IMPROVEMENT ERA

but mean nothing to those who heard it. No principles or ordinances of

the gospel, no doctrine, and no guidance either for this life or the next state was mentioned. These two young men are fully booked up, for a long

time to come, in the various cities and towns of England, Scotland and

Ireland. Our work in this conference is progressing slowly but satisfactorily; nine have recently been baptized, and there are more to follow.

In some of the branches there are a greater number attending than at any time in their history, many investigators being in regular attendance.

We regret that one of our elders, J. Howard Valentine, was ill at the

time our snap was taken.

"Elders left to right: John W. Robinson, Beaver City; John M.

Toolson, Smithfield; President Harold E. Brough, Randolph; A. Walter

Stevenson, Ogden; William Hunt, Plain City; Chas. Hy. Last, Lewiston;

Abraham Noble, Clerk, Ogden; Julia T. Noble, Ogden; Annie E. Noble,

Ogden, Utah. Harold E. Brough, President.

Baptisms at the Joseph Smith Farm.

General Superintendent George Albert Smith, of the Y. M. M. I. "A.,

has recently received from Heber C. Smith, a letter in which it is stated

that the most successful fair ever held in Wayne county was held in the latter part of September at Palmyra, New York. The Joseph Smith Farm

carried off 38 premiums, divided as follows: poultry, 23; sheep'2; fruit,

5; the balance, corn and other products. At the fair there were 23,000

paid admissions on Saturday, September 24. The Joseph Smith Farm had

a wonderful selection of poultry, which took 16 first and 7 second prizes in an exhibit numbering 24 birds. At the farm there have been 3 baptisms

recently, and 5 were ready for baptism on the first of October.

EDITORS'TABLE 171 A Book of Real Merit.

Elders laboring in the Auckland conference and mission office of the

New Zealand mission are as follows: Cut B: (back row): H. Dean Hall;

W. Lowell Castleton (office); Graham H. Doxey (incoming mission secretary); F. "W. Schwendiman (outgoing mission secretary); F. L. Crockett;

I. S. Merrill (office) Front: A. M. McFarland; Joseph Anderson, conference president. "We have a fully organized Sunday School, Mutual

Top, Cut B; bottom, Cut C.

'Joseph Improvement Association, and Relief Society. By taking up

Smith as Scientist, as the course of study in Mutual, we have had a number of investigators out to our meetings who have become very much interested, and very excellent meetings are held. This book has been

pronounced by some of our severest critics as an exceptionally well written book, and one of real merit. As for the, Erd we appreciate this wonderful

publication more than any others, I believe. With us it is invaluable; and

it is with great eagerness and satisfaction that we devour its contents each month, and then pass it and its truths and beautiful stories on to our 172 IMPROVEMENT ERA

friends, both investigators and Saints."Graham H. Doxey, Mission Secretary, Sept. 30, 1921.

Wellington Conference Recently Opened.

"Elders laboring in the Wellington conference of the New Zealand mission, Cut C: left to right—back row: Ralph V. Baird; Gerald F. Heaton; James A. Rawson. Front row: Warren Tonks; Graham. H. Doxey;

Carlos W. Clark. The Wellington conference has just recently been

opened up. There has been no work in Wellington for some years.

Although it is the capital city of New Zealand with a population of about 90,000, it has been in a general way unfruitful, in the past, as far as converts to the Church are concerned. We are pressing, the trading work,

and encouraging the few Saints here, and bearing our testimony to every one that will listen to us. Wellington has a rather noted harbor, considered among the best. But the city itself, due to physical conditions, is

poorly arranged, the streets following the trails made by sheep around the hills which rose up from the bay in precity days. The people

generally are running madly in pursuit of pleasure, and have little time for serious thought. Many are now in such a position that they even profess

a disbelief in God. We are very glad to receive the Era, and get a great

deal of encouragement and enlightenment from reading it."

Fortytfive Baptisms in West Pennsylvania.

Back row—left to right—Jos. H. Monson, Myron 0. Boyer, Edward

R. Partridge, Frank J. Lundell, William E. Sainsbury. Second row

William J. Brookbush, Alva C. Doney, Leon W. Reynolds, J Golden Snow,

D. Ross Pugmire, Sidney Wright. Front row—Sisters Josephine Johnson

and Barbara Steiner; Philip W. Bott, president of the West Pennsylvania

Conference; George W. McCune, president of the Eastern States Mission;

Sisters Rhoda C. Rasmussen and Grace Roberts. The work is progressing nicely. We are pleased to report fortyfive baptisms thus far this

Missionaries of the West Pennsylvania Conference—Eastern States

Mission.

EDITORS'TABLE 173

year. More are expected in the near future. Prest. Philip W. Bott and

Elder J. Golden Snow, after a tour of the conference, found it in good

condition. We have met with much success during the summer in our

street meetings. We feel that the gospel has in this way reached a great

many who would not have heard it otherwise. Philip W. Bott, Oct. 15, 1921.

g$|

Tjulfe?Br UjHVjII

I, L, *W|g& > gj

JtLf WfgJjf te<

Top:—Victorious Team, M. I. A. Girls from Korongata, Hawkes Bay

District, New Zealand*, Below:—M. I. A. Girls of Dennevirke, New Zealand. Beautiful in

Defeat as in Victory.

Elder David O. McKay, on board the steamship Marcella, September 8,

1921, sends the Era these two groups of M. I. A. Maori maidens who tried

conclusions at hockey on the Maori Agricultural College campus, during his visit to the Hawkes Bay district.

"They are a vivacious crowd of girls, who exemplify in their games, as well as in their labors, the true spirit of the M. I. A. Some of these girls

are married women, each of whom is the happy mother of several children,"

A Standard of Action for the Lesser Priesthood.

III.

Two other elements which may easily be practiced, by anyone desirous of cultivating love for God and man, are generosity and humility. No

matter what we do in life, there is always someone else who comes in competition; with us, doing the same thing just as well, and perhaps better

than we can do it. From this fact there often arises in the hearts of some

of us feelings of malice or illwill known as envy. e become jealous,

and sometimes cultivate a spirit of covetousness, with a tendency to belittle the work of our fellows in the same line with us. This is a very

despicable thing to do, and tends to sour the spirit and create unrest in the soul. Wherever such feeling enters the heart we should endeavor to

be magnanimous, to cultivate our minds so they may rise above these vulgar and low feelings. We should disdain injustice, meanness, and revenge.

We should judge others as charitably as we would judge ourselves. The

true Latterday Saint, particularly one bearing the Priesthood, must cultivate a generous soul which "envieth not."

Humility is another wonderful characteristic that may be practiced in everyday life towards our fellows and towards God, to the end that we may learn to love them. When you have been kind, generous, considerate,

or done any good act, humility encourages you to go back and say nothing about it. This element of love, often hides itself from its.own

good works and, like love, "vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up."This

does not mean that you should despise, debase, and accuse yourself, for that is morbid. But you should be a friend to yourself, and cheerfully cultivate will, selfconfidence, and efficiency; and yet not permit the bad

elements of pride, selfsufficiency, and sillyself-conceit to sour your char?

acter.

Remember, patience—add to patience, kindness; to kindness, generosity; and to generosity, humility! The Lord told Joseph the Prophet that

one may bring salvation to his soul, and so qualify himself for the work of life by remembering to cultivate patience, brotherly kindness, charity, humility, and diligence. How shall we cultivate them? The Lord

answers: "Ask and ye shall receive, knock and it shall be opened unto

you."(Doc. & Cov. 4:7.) Furthermore,

Think and act a kind and loving thought each day;

Pray for what you want, and work for what you pray.—A.

Greater Activity Urged in the Priesthood Quorums.

A plan is being developed for increasing the interest and activity among the members of the Aaronic or Lesser Priesthood of the Church, under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. The program, as it will

develop from time to time, as well as the order of procedure, will appear in the Improvement Era. It is designed that the quorums shall be more

thoroughly organized, and that greater attention shall be paid to the study, the activities, and the duties of the members of the Lesser Priesthood quorums than heretofore. Elder LeRoi C. Snow has been appointed to engage in this work under the direction of the Bishopric,

and will devote his entire time to the promotion of this cause. The

presidents of stakes and bishops of wards are urged to cooperate with the Presiding Bishopric in the furtherance of this great work. Helpful

suggestions to bishops, class leaders, and members of the quorums, rePRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 175

lating to their religious duties, studies, and other activities that pertain to their offices and callings in the Priesthood will appear in the Era from month to month. In this connection, let it be understood, that suggestions from the presidents of stakes, bishops, or others interested in the

development and progress of the Priesthood quorums, are solicited and will be gladly received, considered, and, if thought advisable, published in these columns, in the interest and advancement of priesthood studies and activities.—A.

The Aaronic Priesthood to Receive Special Attention.

The Presiding Bishopric of the Church are now developing a plan for greater activity among the quorums of the Lesser Priesthood. There

are nearly 60,000 in the offices of deacon, teacher and priest of whom about one half are deacons.

Through the various general boards wonderful programs of study and activity have been worked out for the auxiliary organizations. The

boy scout movement has rapidly become popular and been given a great deal of attention. All these "helps in government"are important, and are

accomplishing much good in the lives of the young men in the Church.

It is very fitting that many of our most capable teachers and leaders are devoting their time and energy in the interest of these organizations.

This good work deserves continued encouragement and success.

Without detracting from any worthy effort in the interest of our boys and young men, there is a great opportunity to do more than has ever been done before for the members of the Aaronic Priesthood. This

work comes directly under the supervision of the Presiding Bishopric*,

Bishops Charles W. Nibley, David A. Smith, and John Wells. They realize both the responsibility and the opportunity. In 1908, soon after

Bishop Nibley's appointment, a number of improvements were inaugurated. The Priesthood Committee was appointed, and special outlines for

study w ere prepared. Since that time priesthood meetings have been

held regularly. The present work, however, contemplates far greater activity and development.

As fast as the plan becomes known, it is being welcomed by the stake and ward authorities and the people generally. It is being given

hearty support by the First Presidency and the Council of Twelve. Bishops

especially, appreciate its importance. The Aaronic Priesthood is fundamental in the Church of Christ, auxiliary only to the Melchizedek Priesthood. Through the concentrated effort which has been made in the

interest of the auxiliary organizations, the Lesser Priesthood has been neglected. The present inspiration of our leaders should be a testimony

that the Lord now desires that Zion's youth who hold this divine authority shall stand in their places and function in their offices and callings.

In harmony with the revelations of the Lord the bishop in leach ward should "sit in council with the piiests,"and personally preside over them, and direct their activities. It is advised that one of the bishop's

counselors take charge of the teachers and that the other counselor look after the deacons.

A definite preparation will be expected of each boy before he may receive the Priesthood, and he will be required to pass certain examinations before advancement to the several Priesthood offices. Such advancement will come as promotion for faithful service. It is hoped that

boys will be worthy and otherwise prepared at about twelve years of age for ordination as deacons. It is the parents'responsibility to properly

train their sons and to see to it that they become worthy to receive the 176 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Priesthood. A young man should serve faithfully for about three

years in each office of the Lesser Priesthood—deacon, teacher and

priest. Devotion in these sacred callings should properly prepare him

for the Melchizedek priesthood.

Graded courses of study combined with an attractive program of

Church and priesthood activities are now being worked out. The aim

is to train the young man in his priesthood privileges as well asi to teach him his duties. he Roi C. Snow.

Autumn

He writes his name with master hand

Along the rugged mountain steeps;

In colors gold, and brown, and red,

Upon the face of earth he leaps,

And sports with passing Summer where

She lingers in the dell—

Lingers just to wait for him, Whose kiss she loves so well.

With rapture he caresses her, Until her cheeks turn red;

And then her garments green she changes,

As shyly she consents to wed.

So the bold rover, Autumn, has his way,

When bounding over mount and mead he comes,

Decked in his gorgeous color scheme,

Along the woodland's rim he runs.

Across the sea and land, he paints bright rainbow hues

To please his winsome bride, And dances in the sunshine glimmer,

In wild ecstasy and pride.

He is a happy, saucy wight, A special favorite of us all, And we can't help but like his glowing colors,

The gold, and red, and brown of boisterous Fall.

Ezra J. Paulsen

The Senior Department

The Senior Class leader is the leader of the young men between seventeen and twentyone years of age. He should accept vigorously the obligations of this leadership. In leadership a good start is half the race, and a

good beginning wins many a victory. Therefore begin the season's work

with everything in shipshape condition.

The Senior Class Leader should secure for his department a membership of all eligible young men in the ward. Secure from the Ward Clerk lists of

all "Mormon"boys in the ward between seventeen and twentyone years of age; ask some of the young men already enrolled to assist in the canvass;

interview every eligible young man and do not rest until they are enrolled.

Make a full enrollment a departmental issue.

Next to the teacher himself the most necessary tool in making the year's work successful is the Senior Manual. Does every member of your

department have a manual? If not why not? Order Manuals at once to supply

every member of your department; then teach them how to use the Manual

great success will result if this be done.

The Senior Department may use the time between 7:45 and 9:00 o'clock.

From 7:45 to 8:30 should be devoted to the study of the Manual. The

remaining half hour should be devoted to such exercises as the] class itself may choose, under the general direction of the Class Leader. A president

and other officers should be elected, as indicated in the Hand Book, pp.

5051, and during the half hour the class members should plan their own program and select their own activities, such as lectures, public speaking, discussion of current events, debates, outings, games, etc.

Class Leaders, do not delay! Cooperate with the committees and aid

in getting all young men in your ward enrolled; see to it that all have

Manuals; teach well the first threequarters of an hour; then let the

class organization take the other half hour; keep things moving, ask God

to help you—and you will discover a department full of life and yielding

you much satisfaction.

The Junior Department Under date of June 17, 1920, the following recommendations were adopted by the General Board:

1. Th3l the work of the Junior department consist of: (a) Lesson

work from the Manual, (b) scout work.

2. That in all associations lesson work from the Manual be given,

that where scouting is organized, a part of the time in each regular meeting be given to lesson work from the Manual.

3. That a faith promoting spirit permeate all activities in the department.

One reason for adopting the scout program for the boys this age is that scouting affords a most excellent opportunity for not only teaching 178 IMPROVEMENT ERA

reverence, but for teaching and practicing the principles of our holy religion, and we regard it as a matter of the utmost concern that in all scout work the Scout Masters, and all those associated with them, shall see that the boys are taught the principles of the gospel, and that a faithpromoting atmosphere permeates the entire work.

Superintendents and ward presidents will be kind enough to investigate the matter and sec that the Manual is used in connection with the scout work and that the great and fundamental purpose of the organiztion is not neglected, viz., that the boys shall be established in the faith of their

fathers.

Holding the Hundred Thousand

The General Board has a committee on organization and Membership.

There should be a similar committee in each stake board. The duties of this

committee are: "To see that all the associations, stake and ward, throughout

the Church, are fully organized and active. In case of vacancies, inactivity,

or inefficiency of officers, it shall make such recommendations to this

Board as shall be deemed necessary, and shall advise ways and methods for increasing and maintaining the membership. Y. M. M. I. A. Hand

Book, page 27.

Two years ago this committee of the General Board adopted the slogan, "One hundred thousand members in the M. I. A., by June 1920."Through

the hearty cooperation of the Young Ladies the goal was practically reached and for 1921 our rolls showed commendable increase.

To hold this increased membership now became an added responsibility.

Have you an active Organization and Membership committee in your stake and one in each ward? If not, will you organize at once?

We appeal to these committees to discharge the above duties faithfully.

If all ward associations are fully organized and the officers are active and efficient, their success will be reflected in the membership rolls this season.

Let us watch and study these rolls. They tell the story of attendance and

activity. Committee members will find interesting data in the stake

efficiency reports in this number of the Era, on membership.

Winning Ball Teams, Box Elder Stake

In the interest of the Junior boys of the Box Elder stake Y. M. M. I. A.

a baseball league wag organized last season in which eight of the twelve of the stake entered teams. A lively interest was shown, and

six of the teams, including Honeyville Harper, Mantua, Willard,

Brigham Second and Brigham Third wards, played through to the end of the series. The Stake Board at the suggestion of Stake Superintendent

A. M. Hansen, offered as prizes a silver cup for the first place and a

pennant for the second place. At the close of the series Brigham Second

and Harper were tied for first honors. In playing off the tie Harper boys were

winners.

The type of baseball played by these young men was equal in many cases to some of the professional games. It has the tendency to encourage

parents to take greater interest in their young; sons and assist materially

in solving some of the social problems of the day. E. W. Watkins, Stake

Board Athletic Director; Theron B. Lee, Y. M. M. I. A. Stake Secretary.

Back row left to right: Eli T. Pierce, President Y. M. M. I. A.,

Theodore Arbon, Alden Lillywhite, Arnold Pierce, Roland Lillywhite,

Emery Wight, Manager. Center row: Howard Stokes, Lee Gibbs, John

Beaty, Hyrum Hunsaker. Front row: Glen Reese, Elmer Gibbs, with the

silver cup; Carlisle Beaty, Bryant May.

Winners of second place. Back row, left to right: Harold Welling,

W. H. Stayner Orion Jensen, M. I. A. officers; Davis; R. Facer; Peterson,

Center row: E. Facer, A. Pierce, J. Burt, E. Nelson. Front row: Valentine

H. Nelson. Some of the members of the team were absent when the picture

was taken. 180 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Reading Course

Following books were selected after the committee had reviewed several hundred; every association should have one or more sets circulating among

its members. These are good books for Christmas presents:

1. The Restoration of the Gospel, Widtsoe. A story of the restoration,

answering in an inspirational and instructive manner, the two great questions: What was restored? How was it restored? Just the book for

young men and women to read who are preparing themselves for missionary service. 2. Mormon Settlement in Arizona, McClintock. The title gives the

message of the book, which contains many inspirational stories. One of

the leaders of the Church said, "The story of Jacob Hamblin's son's experience with the Indian chief is worth the price of the book."

3. A Man of the Ages, Bachellor. This brilliant novel answers the

general demand for a true and engaging description of Lincoln as a fellowhuman, as he appeared among the neighbors and friends with whom he lived, when the great purposes of his life were being formed and when providence was fitting him to achieve those purposes.

4. Fireside Stories for Girls, Eggleston. A book of good, live stories

for girls. "'Twas only a little story, yet is came like a ray of light,

And it gave to the girl, who heard it, real courage to do the right."

5. Trails to Woods and Waters, Hawkes, puts into the hands of boys

and girls, who love the outof-doors, a book that will take them to the haunts of the beaver, moose, and wildcat, to the world of queen bees, workers and drones, and to the land of Bob White. Unconsciously they are

made better.

Price per set, $8.00.

Social and Summer Work To Stake and Ward Committees—"It shall be the duty of this committee

to have supervision over all (M. I. A.) social activities and shall provide

suitable programs fr summer work."Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Booh, page 28.

This is a joint committee composed of members from the Young

Men's and Young Ladies'General Boards. Each stake and ward should

have a similar committee representing both associations. Summer work

will be treated later in this department of the Era by the General Board

Social and Summer work committee

The M. I. A. should provide entertainment for its members, their

character to be in harmony with the high standards and slogans of our great organization. These social events may be musical, games, holiday

parties, celebrations, dances, banquets, dramatic performances, picnics, outings, or other appropriate forms of of entertainment. We hope these committees will cooperate in carrying out the Special Activities program. When

the M. I. A. socials are given let there be full support of both officers and

members. Leadership on the part of officers is necessary for the success of the

weekly meetings. Their presence and assistance are equally important

in the dance.

The class and meeting programs are well provided and carried out.

Much thoughtful consideration and time are due the play program. This

responsibility is yours. Let it be discharged with prayer and devotion in

your hearts.

MUTUAL WORK 181 Y. M. M. I. A. STATISTICAL REPORT FOR THE MONTH OF OCT., 1921

CO Vbo "3 u u V xi G v bSs 2 2 V B u"5 S.2.2.2.2 a JS &J oCW uNu STAKES So C3 a u g o S o > u 3 P c o JBS o d H <HOH

en w W < <aV V C/3

Alpine 899 18 16 720 495 Beaver 287 7 3 62 36 29 127 37 18 14 69

Benson 761 13 13 110 191 207 508 71 114 152 337

Box Elder 770 12 12 236 208 200 644 171 138 143 452

Cache 520 8 6 75 100 150 325 50 75 180 225

Cottonwood 748 12 3 44 48 64 156 27 30 51 108

Franklin 425 10 6 Hyrum 500 10 6 113 58 106 277 90 40 90 220

Juab 352 5 5 354 350 Kanab 207 7 1 5 7 12 24 5 3 9 17

Logan 514 11 11 159 111 194 464 101 92 161 354

Liberty 1040 11 11 191 169 338 698 133 105 255 493

Millard 338 6 6 Nebo 912 14 2 North Davis. 393 7 7 22 56 59 147 21 51 49 121

North Sevier 276 5 3 North Weber 678 16 10 27 100 99 226 20 71 72 163

Ogden 682 10 10 107 118 168 393

Roosevelt 315 9 9 79 77 82 238 57 67 47 171

St. George... 643 16 11 146 206 208 560 102 165 156 423

Salt Lake 1026 12 San Juan 260 4 3 64 31 78 173 53 24 53 130

Sevier 360 6 6 83 97 104 284 60 81 87 228

South Davis. 476 9 5 51 66 123 240 38 33 72 143

Uintah 409 10 7 48 63 98 219 41 56 78 175

Wayne 201 6 4 5 53 37 95 3 33 29 65

Weber 1060 14 14 150 213 210 573 114 165 172 451

Bear Lake... 384 11 10 83 111 98 292 37 32 48 117

Bingham 564 13 3 70 39 42 151 Blackfoot 474 9 7 116 84 91 291 79 53 56 188

Burley 377 11 Cassia 178 6 6 105 51 52 208 72 36 41 149

Fremont 665 13 13 Idaho 218 12 6 170 133 Lost River... 153 8 5 71 41 38 150 60 40 37 137

Malad 398 11 8 79 108 57 244 50 60 42 152

Oneida 370 11 11 136 78 115 329 98 63 87 248

Portneuf 300 12 10 27 130 132 289 16 81 102 199

Rigby 550 15 5 60 10 40 110 49 10 32 91

Shelley 324 8 7 110 77 76 263 78 41 53 172

Teton 300 7 4 126 81 35 242 64 59 25 146

Maricopa 368 8 8 218 110 120 448 159 60 85 304

St. Joseph... 500 14 5 150 106 91 347 80 74 73 227

Snowflake 247 8 5 Star Valley... 338 11 7 42 98 87 227 26 59 45 130

San Luis 196 4 3 61 45 22 128 11 10 10 31

Taylor 474 8 8 415 253 Union (Ore.) 148 5 3 65 28 34 127 40 18 30 88

Young 95 5 2 182 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I A. EFFICIENCY REPORT, OCTOBER, 1921

enin 10U. CO op.1-. o. 8to a0<j tfl a * 2 uo

aa < 01uV to *rt o o w STABLES CfH m a3 O u W En V cnrS "SO 55 o $J3 6u oart OH 'M U W> (C-fa u5 EH

Alpine 8 10 in 5 in 5 6 8 9 6 77

Beaver 5 5 10 6 4 7 10 5 5 S7 Benson 7 10 10 7 6 6 3 9 8 8 74

Box Elder 8 10 10 6 7 8 1 9 10 8 77

Cache 6 6 7 7 7 4 2 7 7 7 60 Cottonwood 1 10 1 6 6 5 4 7 1 2 43

Hyrum 5 4 10 10 in 10 7 8 10 5 79

Juab 10 10 10 10 10 10 in 10 10 10 100

Kanab 1 10 10 21 Logan 10 10 in 6 6 6 5 8 9 8 78

Liberty 7 in 10 9 7 5 6 10 9 8?

Millard 9 8 9 5 2 2.... 10 2 7 54

North Davis 4 10 9 6 1 4 6 9 4 54

North Sevier 10 10?i0

North Weber 4 10 8 4 4 4 2 6 10 5 57

Ogden 10 10 8 10 8 5 10 10 10 81

Roosevelt 8 10 10 6 10 9 9 10 8 8 88

St. George 6 7 6 3 4 3 1 7 2 4 43

Salt Lake 6 9 10 10 10 6 10 10 7 78

San Juan 6 10 8 5 8 5 3 8 8 3 64

Sevier 8 10 10 8 in 8 3 9 7 8 81

South Davis 5 6 6 3 6 2 2 6 4 4 44

Uintah 5 10 8 2 5 3 1 6 7 5 52

Wayne 5 10 7 2 2 1 5 7 1 40 Weber 6 10 9 7 6 4 6 9 9 7 73 Bear Lake 8 8 8 1 7 9 3 6 5 3 58

Bingham 3 2 2 3 1 2 2 3 2 1 21

Blackfoot 6 10 10 10 7 10 5 9 10 5 82

Burley 10 10 in 7 4 9 9 6 65 Cassia 10 9 7 8 i 5 3 8 10 8 69

Franklin 10 in 10 10 40 Fremont 8 10 10 10 8 6 2 9 9 8 80

Idaho 8 10 6 1 4 6 6 6 9 5 61 Lost River 9 10 10 5 10 10 10 6 5 75

Malad 6 9 9 1 3 5 3 5 7 48 Oneida 9 10 10 5 10 6 1 9 9 5 74

Portneuf 10 7 10 5 5 5 10 5 5 62

Rigby 4 10 10 9 7 7 5 9 10 3 74

Shelley 8 10 10 6 6 7 4 9 10 6 76

Teton 8 9 6 3 1 1 1 5 6 4 44 Maricopa 10 10 10 5 4 5 4 10 9 8 75

Snowflake 10 10 10 5 5 10 10 5 65

Star Valley 6 6 6 2 3 2 4 6 2 37

San Luis 6 4 5 5 3 3 6 32 Taylor 9 9 10 10 1 6 3 10 10 3 71

Union (Ore.). 8 10 10 10 10 10 8 8 74

Young...., 4 4—4 4 16—

MUTUAL WORK 183

Remarks on the Reports

For October we have done fairly well. Let us have complete reports

for November by December 10. Please segregate your membership, and

class work; give the whole number enrolled in each division also the whole

number of average attendance in each class—not the per cent. The number who should be enrolled may be obtained from your ward or stake clerk.

Stake superintendents will do well to study these reports and set to work to improve them for November. The following stakes did not report:

Bear River, Carbon, Deseret, Duchesne, Emery, Ensign, Granite, Jordan, Morgan, Panguitch, Parowan, Pioneer, South Sanpete, Summit, Tintic,

Tooele, Utah, Wasatch, Bannock, Blaine, Boise, Curlew, Montpelier, Pocatello, Raft River, Twin Falls, St. Johns, Big Horn, Woodruff, Alberta,

Moapa, Juarez, North Sanpete, Yellowstone, South Sevier.

Finance and Publication Department

Stake and ward officers appointed as chairmen of this committee are urged to see that the General Fund is collected and forwarded to the general secretary at the very earliest moment this month.

At the general conference held in June, it was agreed by all officers present that each stake would at least provide this year ten life memberships at $5 each. The funds received from these life memberships will be placed

in a trust fund, and the principal will not be used, the interest only being devoted to help defray the expenses of the General Board. A certificate of

life membership will be issued by the general secretary and the superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. to each subscriber for a life membership and

the ward will be credited annually with twentyfive cents for each subscriber for life membership in that ward. This movement is inaugurated to establish

a permanent fund, the income from which will help to pay the expenses of the

General Organization. We trust that the officers interested in this division

of our work will extend special efforts to secure as many life memberships in their stake as possible among the leading brethren. The minimum limit

of the memberships should be ten for each stake for this year.

Juab Mutuals to the Front We have been informed by Superintendent Thomas H. Burton of the

Juab stake of Zion, that every ward in that stake had its "100'per cent fund collected by the first of November, each ward had likewise made a cnnvass for the Era and more than the required number—5 per cent of theChurch population of each ward—has been obtained and forwarded

to the office."The organizations are now ready to go on with their

other activities in classes and in special work for the remainder of the season. The associations are putting on new life and doing splendid

work under the leadership of Superintendent Thomas H. Burton and his

associates in the stake board, who are to be congratulated upon their excellent efforts to put the associations at the front. Scout troops will be

organized and registered in every ward of the stake and the aim of the officers is for a one hundred per cent Mutual in the Juab stake for 192122; the organization reached this goal for October. Look at Juab's

efficiency report for October.

The first snow of the season fell in Salt Lake Valley Oct. 27.

Leonard Wood bcame governor of the Philippines, Oct. 15, when he

took the oath of office at Manila, immediately after his arrival from Japan.

Education in Utah costs $8,741,999, almost half of the revenue of the state, according to figures presented by Gov. Mabey before the school taxation conference, Oct. 20.

Former king of Bavaria, Ludwig III,, was reported dead at Sarvar

Castle, Hungary, Oct. 18. He abdicated Nov. 16, 1918, and fled first to

Switzerland and later to Tyrol.

Church school teachers convened, Oct 19, in the Barratt Hall, Salt

Lake city, in annual convention. Supt. Adam Bennion of the Church

schools presided at the general sessions.

The cancer germ discovered in angle worms. That is the claim made

by a German scientist, according to a New York dispatch of Oct. 21. The

disease, it is said, can be communicated through vegetables.

Miss Scorup, Salina, Utah, was elected "mayor'* of that city, Nov. 8.

Her brother, a business man, was her opponent on the losing ticket. Miss

Scorup is a member of the high school faculty and a Democrat.

The treaty of peace with Austria became effective, Nov. 8, when

ratifications were exchanged at Vienna by the Austrian chancellor, M.

Scober, and Mr. Arthur Hugh Frazier, American commissioner in Austria.

A Press Congress of the World convened at Honolulu, Oct. 11. President Harding sent a message in which he expressed the hope that the

press would use its influence for the promotion of peace among nations.

Twentyfive thousand coal miners struck in Indiana, Nov. 2, and 200

mines were at a standstill. The action was taken as a protest against

an injunction issued by Judge Anderson against the Williamson field miners.

Utah State Fair Buildings were destroyed by fire, Oct. 11. The conflagration started in the Merchants'building and rapidly spread to five

adjoining structures, causing a loss estimated at $18,500, fully covered by insurance.

The Portuguese government was overthrown by the monarchists and militarists, Oct. 20, and a new ministry formed. A syndicalist outbreak at

Barcelona, Spain, was reported from Madrid the same day. It was promptly suppressed.

King Alexander of JugoSlavia took the oath of office Nov. 6, before

the parliament and in the presence of foreign diplomats. The new kingdom, the creation of the Versailles peace congress, consists of the

Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes.

PASSING EVEVNTS 185

The taxable wealth of Utah, this year, according to tabulations completed Oct. 7, in the office of the state board of equalization show an

assessed valuation of $688,025,826, as compared with a total assessed valuation, in 1920 of $716,946,156, a decrease of $28,920,330.

Utah iron deposits will be developed in the near future, according to an announcement made in San Francisco, Nov. 13. Plans for a

$25,000,000 merger have been completed for the production of iron and steel, in Utah, California and Oregon on a gigantic scale.

Cardinal Gibbon's succssor, Archbishop Michael Joseph Curley, of

Baltimore, ascended the vacant "throne"on Nov. 30. He is a young man.

He was born in Athone, Ireland, Oct. 12, 1879, and came to this country

in 1904. He has had a phenomenal career in the Roman church.

The new Presidency of the Benson stake, appointed Oct. 22, are James

W. Funk, Gordy A. Hogan, and John E. Griffin. Elder Hogan was formerly bishop of the Lewiston First ward. He is succeeded by Elder A.

William Hyer, with James Taggart and Daniel O. Hendricks as counselors.

Drought was regarded as acute in Utah and adjacent territory, according to a weather report published Oct. 20, as there had been no appreciable

rain since the early part of September. The drought was broken Oct. 23,

when more than.33 of an inch of rain fell in the Salt Lake Valley and more

in other places.

The officers of the Utah Educational Association elected Oct. 21,

are, B. Roland Lewis, professor of English at the University of Utah,

president; James W. Anderson of South Sanpete district, vice president;

B. A. Fowler, of Weber county and F. D. Keeler, principal of the West

high school, trustees.

ExEmperor Charles and ExEmpress Zita were captured, Oct. 24,

near Komorn and confined in the castle at Tota Tovaros, Hungary. The

exemperor appeared with a train load of troops near Budapest, intending to overthrow the government, preparatory to reestablishing himself as ruler. Abandoned by his followers he surrendered.

William Henry Combs, an early pioneer, died at Fountain Green, Sanpete Co., Utah, Oct. 12, 83 years of age. He was born in Engand and came

to Utah in 1847, taking up his residence in Fountain Green, where he had lived since. He was a veteran of the Black Hawk war and was the first

Fountain Green man to receive a pension for such service.

Robert Edson King, who passed away at American Fork, Utah, Nov.

8, was baptized by the Prophet Joseph, in the year 1842. He was born

Nov. 1, 1834, the son of John and Sarah King, in the state of Vermont.

In 1852 he came to American Fork. He was married three times, and

was the father of 25 children, of whom twelve are still living.

Moroni Fuller, a pioneer of 1848, died Sunday, Oct. 23, at Springville, Utah, and was buried the following Tuesday. He was born at Saratoga, N. Y., Sept. 27 1841. His father, mother, and three children died

at Winter Quarters of cholera and the remainder of the family came to

Salt Lake in 1848 and shortly afterwards settled in Springville.

A fatal fire occurred at Fort Douglas, Oct. 3, when Charles R. Prater,

blacksmith at the post, was burned to death in a fire that destroyed several stable buildings. Twelve horses also perished in the flames. Mr.

Prater was killed while endeavoring to rescue the animals, of which there were thirtysix in the burning stables. He leaves a widow and three little

daughters. 186 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A gift to the Brigham Young University, Provo, in the form of a planing machine was made recently by Mr. Thomas F. Pierpont, presidentmanager of the Provo Foundry & Machine company, and president of

the Provo Chamber of Commerce. The machine is a valuable addition

to the equipment of the mechanic arts department of the Brigham Young

University.

George Sutherland honored. The former senator from Utah was

appointed chairman, Nov. 1., of an advisory committee of 21 members,

charged with the duty of acting with the four American delegates to the

Armament congress in Washington. The membership includes Secretary

Hoover, General Pershing, Rear Admiral Rogers, Samuel Gompers, and four ladies.

The death of Mary J. Young, widow of Joseph A. Young, the eldest

son of Brigham Young, at the home of her son, Briant S. Young, of Los

Angeles, occurred Oct. 25. Mrs. Young was born June 12, 1834, at Leicestershire, England. She came to the United States in 1848 and was married to

Mr. Young, in 1852. She was the mother of ten children, three of whom

survive her.

A modified sales tax proposition was offered by Senator Smoot, Nov.

1, in the U. S. Senate. It provides for a one per cent manufacturers'tax

on all sales in excess of $6,000 and a turn) over tax of one half of one per cent on sales in excess of the same amount. The Sales Tax proposition

was rejected Nov. 3, by a vote of 43 to 25, and the turn over tax was voted

down, Nov. 4, by a vote of 46 to 25.

Unemployed men in London threatened revolution, in a spectacular demonstration, Oct. 13. Mounted police charged the marchers down

Shaftesbury Ave., knocking them right and left. Hundreds fled into the

Soho district, where they broke the shop windows. Thousands reached

Trafalgar square where police forces were drawn up. Hundreds of persons

were injured in the encounters that ensued.

Utah leads in the point of school attendance. In 1920 Utah's school

population, 7 to 13 years of age, was 74,957, of which number 71,611 attended school, being an attendance of 95.5 per cent of the school population.

There was a noteworthy increase in the attendance of the 7-13 group over 1910. In 1910 the 7-13 school population of Utah was 58,551. Of this number, 53,644 attended school, a percentage of 91.6. The increase; for the tenyear period was 4 per cent.

The peace treaties with Germany, Austria, and Hungary were ratifwd by the U. S. Senate, Oct. 18, the vote on the first two being 66 to 20, and

on the last 66 to 17. Three Republicans, Borah, of Idaho), La Follette, of

Wisconsin, and Norris of Nebraska voted against it, the latter being paired against ratification. Fourteen Democrats voted with the Republicans for

ratification. Proclamation of peace between Germany and the United

States was signed by President Harding on Nov. 14, 1921.

Congressman Thomas L. Blanton of Texas was reprimanded by the

speaker of the house, Oct. 27, in accordance with a resolution passed unanimously, after a motion to expel him had been lost. The charge was that Mr.

Blanton had caused to be printed in the Congressional Record "grossly indecent and obscene language, unworthy a member of the house of representatives, contrary to the rules of the house, derogatory to its dignity and in violation of its confidence."Mr. Blanton, on Oct. 28, sent a letter of

apology to the house.

PASSING EVEVNTS 187

News of the murder of three Americans by Mexicans was received by

Nov. 7, by President A. W. Ivins in letters, one from President J. C.

Bentley of Juarez stake, at Colonia Juarez. The colony doctor, whose

name was not mentioned in the letter, was waylaid and shot by Mexicans while making repairs on his automobile en route from El Paso to Dublan.

Several hundred dollars and supplies of clothes were taken by the bandits.

Death by hanging of Joseph Fenn, a Moreles colonist, and another American, occurred a short time previously.

The third annual convention of the American Legion convened at

Kansas City, Mo., Oct. 31. Among the distinguished attendants from

abroad were army and navy officers from Belgium, Italy and Great

Britain. General Pershing and Marshal Foch sent wires. They arrived

later in the day. The convention adjourned Nov. 2, after having passed a

resolution censoring Col. Harvey, America's ambassador in London, for his

speech on the motives that prompted this country to enter the war which, according to him, were purely selfish.

Appointment of cadets. According to a Washington dispatch to the

News, Oct. 14, Senator Reed Smoot has announced the appointment of

James Walter Brown of Ogden, and Melvin Drew of Salt Lake to the United

Stated naval academy at Annapolis. Reed Kimball Pond of Salt Lake and

Howard Jarvis of Magna, were named alternates. Edward Darger of Salt

Lake City has been appointed to the United States military academy at

West Point. Horace Quinn of Ogden is named as the first alternate and

Kenneth J. Pinney of Salt Lake as second alternate.

An Emnieline B. Wells Memorial Fund is started. Announcement was

made recently by the general board of the L. D. S. Relief Society of a

bequest of $500 as the beginning of an Emmeline B. Wells memorial fund,

to be placed at the disposal, of the authorities of the Brigham Young University and used for the encouragement of higher education among the young women of the Church. Loans will be made from the fund to young

women applicants who have entered college, but who find their finances inadequate to permit them to complete their college work.

Premier Takas Hara, head of the Japanese cabinet, was assassinated;

Nov. 4, at the railroad station at Tokio. He was stabbed in the breast and

died almost immediately. M. Hara was born in 1854. He had a brilliant

political career and made some enemies. His death by violence, at the

eve of the convening of the Washington Pacific congress, was characterized by President Harding as "an unhappy discordant note, at a time when all were seeking to come together around the conference table and add to the good understanding and good will throughout the world.*

Charles J. Gyllensivan was instantly killed at the corner of State and

Thirtythird streets, Salt Lake City, Nov. 4, while waiting for a street car.

The deathdealing auto was driven by a 17year old boy at the rate of forty miles an hour, according to his own admission. Mr. Gyllenswan

has been the janitor of the Fourteenth Ward meeting house for 37 years.

He was a native of Sweden, and had during his long and faithful service made numerous friends. He leaves his widow and five children, all living

in Salt Lake City. At the time of his death he was 69 years old.

The Death of Paul Bryan Hinckley, son of Superintendent and Mrs.

Edwin S. Hinckley, of the Industrial School, Ogden, died July 4, at

McCalL Idaho, according to an obituary in the AugustSeptember number of the Good Citizen. He was a very promising young man and highly

esteemed by all who knew him. In the spring of this year he joined a

surveying party at Payette Lakes, Idaho. A few days afterwards he was

188 IMPROVEMENT ERA

taken ill with spotted fever, caused by the bite of a sheep tick. All that

could be done for him, was done, but to no avail. He was born Oct. 8,

1900, at Provo, Utah.

The remains of an unknown soldier, who died in France, were laid to rest, Nov. 11, '"armistice day,"on a wooded ridge beside the Potomac,

in a crypt hewn out of the rock that forms the terrace of the memorial amphitheater, erected in the Arlington, cemetery in honor of men who died on the various battlefields during the war. President Harding delivered

an eloquent eulogy. ExPresident Wilson was the object of a popular

demonstration when his carriage entered the funeral procession, and later, at his home. The day was observed in Utah and all other parts of

the United States as a holiday.

The international armament congress convened Nov. 12 in the Memorial

Hall of the Daughters of the American Revolution, Washington, and was formally opened by President Harding. Secretary Hughes was elected

permanent chairman. He laid before the delegates a plan for naval

restriction, comprising the scrapping of 66 capital ships—the United States

30, Great Britain 19, and Japan 17—and the cessation of ship building for

ten years, except replacing ships twenty years old or more. The proposition, it is said, came like a bomb among the delegates, but no adverse

comments were made, and later Great Britain, France, Italy and Japan all agreed to the proposition in spirit and principle.

The Silesian question was settled by the Council of the League of Nations,'Oct. 12, as far as the council is concerned. The decision

recommends a new frontier with a guarantee against the dislocation of economic conditions extending over a period long enough to permit the region to adapt itself to the new economic situation. The German chancelor, when reports of the decision reached him, was indignant because

it separates German towns from the "empire"and places them under foreign dominion. The president of the council, Viscount Ishi, at

the close of the session said that body had happily solved one of the most difficult questions, and he added: "The solution we have reached cannot

fail to contribute in large measure to the mainteance of the peace of

Europe and the world."

Marshal Foch arrived in New York, Oct. 28, and received a hearty welcome. A hundred miles from the shore, the Paris, on which he was traveling, was met by Twelve American destroyers. Then a squadron of seaplanes

appeared. At Quarantine he was transferred to the navy cutter Vigilant,

and when he set foot on American soil, a few yards from Castle Garden, he found a reception that passed all imagination. From widows and roofs

men and women, thousands of them, were waving American and French flags and the streets were crowded with people, young and old, cheering and shouting. The marshal went to Washington, to call on President

Harding. At the Nation's capital, no Frenchman, since the days of

Lafayette, has received so hearty a welcome as that given to the celebrated warrior. The marshal, as soon after his arrival as possible, went to see

exPresident Wilson, but the latter was unable to receive him, owing to the state of his health.

An attempt to assassinate Myron T. Herrich, American ambassador to

France, was made Oct. 19. A small package addressed to him lay on

his table in the embassy in Paris. Thinking it a gift, the ambassador's

secretary, carried it to the ambassador's residence. Early this evening the

ambassador's valet, Blanchard, saw the package on a desk and started to open it. Almost, immediately a spring was released and as he lifted the

lid, Blanchard, who formerly was a bomber in the British army, heard a

PASSING EVEVNTS 189

familiar noise. He hurled the box through the bathroom door and ran.

The bomb exploded in the doorway, two fragments hitting him in the back.

The bomb is believed by the police to have been sent by French communists as a protest against the conviction of two communists in the United

States charged with murder. Threatening letters have also been received

at the American consulates at Paris, Bordeaux, Lyons, and Marseilles, and by Ambassador Harvey in London.

A signal recognition of the sugar industry of the intermountain West, is the $10,000,000 loan fund made available to western sugar interests of Utah, Idaho, Wyoming and Colorado, by the government, as agreed on by the War Finance Corporation, Oct. 18. That is the declaration of Prest.

Heber J. Grant, on his return from the east, Nov. 10, where he visited for

about a month, in the interest of the sugar industry. "The UtahIdaho and

Amalgamated Sugar companies are now,"President Grant said, "assured of secure footing and prosperity."On Nov. 15, $4,150,000 was placed to

the credit of the Sugar, Finance Corporation formed by the sugar interests by the Federal Reserve Board of Salt Lake. The first instalment of the

loan is divided among the sugar companies of the intermountain region, as follows: The Amalgamated Sugar company, $1,800,000; the Layton Sugar

company, $180000; the SpringvilleMapleton Sugar company, $90,000

and the UtahIdaho Sugar company,"$2,000,000.

The greatest railroad strike in history was threatened Oct. 15, when

half a million American railroad men were ordered to walk out on Oct. 30,

while other unions, with a total membership of a million and half, announced their intention to follow suit. President Harding immediately

summoned the railroad labor board and the interstate commerce commission to a conference on the situation. On Oct. 20, it was stated that the

efforts of the board to avert the strike through conferences with the heads of the five unions had proved a failure, but on Oct. 27, the dispatches announced that the strike had been averted by the leaders of the

switchmen, trainmen, conductors, engineers and firemen at a joint meeting adopting resolutions withdrawing authorization of a walkout. The

officials of the railroad telegraphers'organization announced they would take similar action. These were the only unions which had authorized

a strike. The vote was taken after the U. S. Railroad Labor Board had

declared that the full force of the government would be brought to bear against the strikers.

The death of* Philander Chase Knox, U. S. senator from Pennsylvania,

and secretary of state under President Taft, occurred suddenly at Washington, D. C, Oct. 12. He was stricken with paralysis on his way to the

dining room and died fifteen minutes later without regaining consciousness. Mr. Knox was born at Brownsville Pa.), on May 4, 1853, and was

named after a noted Episcopal bishop, Philander Chase. He was graduated from Mt. Union college, Alliance, Ohio, in 1872, admitted to the bar

in 1875, appointed by President Grant as assistant United States attorney for the western district of Pennsylvania, but resigned in 1877 and formed a law partnership with James H. Reed, under the name of Knox & Reed.

Senator Knox first came into national prominence when in 1901 President

McKinley appointed him as attorney general. He retained that office under

President Roosevelt until 1904 when he resigned to accept an appointment as United States senator from Pennsylvania to succeed the late Senator

Quay. As attorney general he established a record for prosecutions of

trusts and combinations and in action against railroads to prevent rebates and discrimination in rates.

Harold E. Brough, President oj the Nottingham conference, England, says: "We

have twelve subscriptions here for the Era and more soon to follow. The Era is very

much appreciated among the Saints and elders in this conference, in fact, many say they would not do without its valuable teachings, now that they have once tasted its contents."

The Era is a very welcome visitor. I love to read the choicest of literature found

therein. Because of such reading material, I think the Era should be in every home,

for it is the safest investment anybody covdd make. I wish the Era continued success

upon its great mission throughout the nations of the earth. Kenneth R. Stephens,

Orovini, Papete, Tahiti, Sept. 10, 1921.

Improvement Era, December, 1921

Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Ad of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J; Grant, ),. Edward H. Anderson, Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson, ) editors ]Vl roni Snow, Assistant

Troop 2, Mt. Pleasant M. I. A. Scouts Frontispiece

Time's Goal. A Poem Lydia D. Alder 95

The Imperial Valley—A Warning to the Watchmen on the Towers of Zion Prest. Anthony W. Ivins 97

Mother's Christmas Decision at Windrift. A

Story Elizabeth Cannon Porter. 107

A Child's Dream of Heaven Wreno Bowers 112

Lest We Forget—II Prest. Seymour B. Young 115

In Winter Time. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend.... 119

Ask Her. A Story Fred McLaughlin 120

Sayings D. C. Restloff 124

Get Married and Marry Right Joseph S. Peery 125

About Praying Dr. C. L. Olsen. 127

Excelsior. A Poem M. F. K. Pye... 129

The Bureau of Information. Illustrated Edward H. Anderson 131

Alphabetograms James D. Todd, 139.——Inaugural of the President of Brigham Young

University. Illustrated Lowry Nelson 141

There's Nothing Just Like Whistling. A Poem..Joseph Lonking Townsend 143

Sources of Joys and Factors of Happiness—X-XII..)r. George H. Brimhall 144

How it is Done. A Poem. Stelle Jaques Penman 151

The Book of Mormon and Modern Research J. M. Sjodahl 152

The Pasture Ghost. A Poem -Joseph Longking Townsend... 158

Footprints on the Sands of Time. Illustrated Fred Buss. 159

The First Y. M. M. I. A. in Denmark -Andrew Jenson... 162

The Tie Divine. A Poem Agnes Just Reid 163

, 164 Editors'Table—Enforce the Cigaret Law

The Influence of Reading Matter 165

Evidence of a Name D. M. McAllister 167

Books - 168 Messages from the Missions 168

Priesthood Quorums'Table 174 Mutual Work 177 Passing Events., 184

And Yet Another Wise Man He got off to an early start and selected his Gift Books at our store—chose them

early, while the stocks were complete.

We invite all of our friends to see our surprising array of Greeting Cards and bright new volumes apropriate for gifts.

We can serve you tvell by mail. Write us.

PESERET BOOK COMPANY

On Guard

The UTAH HOME FIRE stands on guard over the insurance interests of its customers.

Are you fully protected? Have you enough fire insurance?

See our agent in your town.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

THE CHARACTER BUILDER FOR 1922

In 1922 The Character Builder will enter upon its 21st year under the present editorial and business management. Its articles on CHILD

WELFARE, VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE AND HUMAN CONSERVATION in '1922 will be the best that have ever been published. Every

Latterday Saint should read them. Every home needs the Character

Builder; it has now been published in Salt Lake City for twenty years.

It is only $1 a year. Send $1 for 1922 to Dr. John T. Miller, editor,

625 So. Hope St., Los Angeles, California. (If you will send $2.50 for

Dr. Miller's new book on HUMAN CONSERVATION before Jan. 1,

1922, The Character Builder will be sent you a year free.)

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION TH IMPROVEMENT ERA

ASK FOR,

'2 BY TEST* Ice Cream Candy

Cake PHONE WAS. 3223 Luncheons P.O.BOX /7/3 'SALT LAKE CITY

I. FactoryMade Shoe Z. C. M. A

Will Keep His Feet Warm and Dry

The illustration is of our Junior Army Shoe made especially for school wear.

Ask your dealer for them

Is Your Life Insurance Beneficial?

The very best there it in Life Insurance issued by

The Big Home Company Yeu need Our Insurance - - We want Your Business

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Heber J. Grant, Pre*. STILT L.HKB Lorenz* N. Stofal,V.Pres. & Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA