The Swiss Temple at Bern, Switzerland.

SEPTEMBER 1955

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Feeding plants part of their food through their leaves to supplement the roots or make up soil deficiencies shows much promise for many special conditions. Sprayed on the leaves, conveniently with fungicides or insecticides,

the nutrient may make up for deficiencies of iron, manganese, potassium, phosphorus, and nitrogen. No single

liquid diet fits all problems.

The average life span of animals from records kept in a zoo have been given by Dr. Chalmers Mitchell as:

bears 33 years, lions and tigers 17, hyenas and jackals 14, badgers 12, foxes 10, and porcupines 20 years. Bird

records show that the Egyptian vulture lives 118 years, golden eagles 104, parrots 102, swans 70, ravens 69, herring gulls 44, cranes 43, ostriches 30, domestic fowl 30, ducks 26, goldfinches and pheasants 21, and canaries 20 years.

Using the estimates of Dr. S. Smith

Stevens of the total number of distinguishable tones of all intensities and frequencies as 330,000, and dividing this by a quarter of a second necessary to distinguish, a figure of 1,320,000 distinguishable tone choices can be made by the ear in a second.

IV/fan and many other animals have -*-"night and day vision. Chickens

have only day vision, and when light fails, they go to sleep, as do also hawks and turtles. Moles, owls, and mice are

active at night since they have only night vision. In clear air the human

eye can see a candle at 14 miles or a lighted match at 10; this means that

only about six or seven light quanta reach the eye, as pointed out by Professor Selig Hecht.

A ntweenaveragedsizedfive and sixpotatobillioncontainscells. be-

A lthough apparently the first real -t* proof that the sum of the squares of the sides of a right triangle is equal to the square of the hypotenuse was given by Pythagoras, the Babylonians had used "Pythagorean numbers"by 1600 B.C., and the Chinese used the

theorem in 1000 B.C. More than a

hundred different proofs have been given for it. PURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX POCATELLO

SEPTEMBER 1955 609 The "Meeting at the Summit"—Geneva, July 1955 #v5 by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH V*

3. Disarmament. IN the last Era comment was made

that "there is basis for expecting some 4. Improving contacts, EastWest.

relaxation in world tension in the next Immediately on President Eisenfew years"; that "granted certain conhower's return, the chairman of the

ditions, a slow realignment of Russia foreign relations committee of the US towards the West is not inconceivable"; Senate, Walter F. George (Dem., Georand that "China may well hold the gia), called (July 24, 1955) for a "faceSisalkraft keys to much of the world's future."to face"meeting between top US diploSince those lines were written, the "meetmats and the Chinese communists withing at the summit"occurred in Geneva, in "six months."There will be many

Switzerland, July 1923, 1955. The other developments. Public opinion

significance of the foregoing points has must, in the United States, be extremely been confirmed. Departing from the aware and cautious on the following

conference with the Soviet, British, and points:

French leaders, President Dwight D. 1. China was not present at Geneva

Eisenhower declared (Geneva, July 23): in July 1955. This is a fundamental

"I came to Geneva befact, of which Senator

COVERING LAWN MOWER AND cause I believe mankind George's statement takes

FURNITURE TOOL COVER longs for freedom from cognizance.

I- war. I came here because t 2. The Russians have

of my lasting faith in the # three major concerns imdecent instincts and good mediately:

sense of people who a. F e a r of rearmed

populate this world of German power on their ours. I shall return home European flank.

tonight with these con- b. Internal economic

victions unshaken and problems.

c. Russia's position in Asia.

3. DROP CLOTH LAWN PROTECTION willwith onea prayerday bethatrealized."the hope of mankind show, from The main now on, is

Most of the United States shared that therefore to watch the Russian maneuprayer. Radio commentators during vers to dissolve NATO, unify Germany

the week asked listeners to join with as a Soviet economic, if not military, them, sometimes silently, sometimes ally, while attempting to build greater audibly. On Friday, July 22, in Washstrength and influence in Asia.

ington, D. C., the cabinet met in the With a revived Germany as the poPresident's absence under Vice President tential arbiter of western Europe, all

Nixon. As reported by United Press: this means that we are back to vigorous

(ATTICS, FOR WINDBREAK WRAP request, Agriculture Sec- "At Nixon's diplomacy as a principal factor in reSUMMER COTTAGES, STORAGE the Benson Ezra Taft opened ducing international friction. ETC.) retary The GARAGES

meeting with a prayer for success of the summit conference helped crystallize this talks at Geneva. Nixon suggested the new atmosphere. What else does it

You'll find many, uses many more instead prayer of the for spoken cabinet's mean?

tough, waterproof paper.. the perfect of silent prayer."opening customary It also means that the United States It's barrier. vapor an impermeable. product that can be applied quickly, easily Such audible expression of felt "public has regained the position of strength and

and economically. No material offers opinion"has great political importance. leadership it enjoyed in 1945, but failed

more protection at lower cost than to realize. Why? The rearmament program Available in "takehome"

for relaxation In the search peace and (commenced in 1947), achieved rolls 36"NATO ft. containing wide sq. TOO SISALKRAFT.—

tension, of public world opinion must in in Also sold large in constructionsize rolls 1954, rebuilt has 1949, SEATO from 36"to l3'/i'wide. continue to play a fundamental role. American power to the point where the

The concurrence of the worldwide fear unique and peculiar attributes of the

SEE YOUR LOCAL aroused by nuclear weapons, recent Eisenhower personality, aided by SenLUMBER DEALER changesince theof deathregimesof Stalin),(especiallyandintheRussiagencouldator George'smake theinfluence"swing."inThethe factSenate,that

m eral breakup of the twopower world, Senators Knowland, Millikan, Bridges,

Distributed by helped make Geneva possible. New and of course McCarthy, have declined

MORRISONMERRILL machineryeign ministersis nowof setthe inBigmotion.Four Forwill excessivePresident's favorableefforts up commentto this point,on therein October 1955. They veals a reservoir of political skepticism & CO. resumewill meetmeetingsto study: and suspicion. This will tend to keep

Building Material Distributors 1. German reunification. current opinion from millennial day-

2. European security. (Concluded on page 614)

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teach His word...

... yea, in wisdom, all that He seeth

fit that they should have (Alma 29:8)

i. LET YOUR LIGHT SHINE

By A. L. Cook

This impelling volume, just off the on helpful will tremendously be PEA*1 L press, all read in who it—especialAT?$& JujhllUHl righteousof path ly the guidingyouth—into

ness. It is a study of the Gospel

with a new and direct approach that fights human delinquency and urges a Christlike life. Interesting, easy

to read, inspirational counsel that will help build and strengthen testimonies. $2.50

0-K

iriiill

2. STORY OF THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

By James R. Clark

The rare treasures contained in the records of Abraham and Joseph are told in an interesting, easy to understand style. However, this great

works is more than just the Pearl of Great Price in story form...

it contains the results of 20 years of research into the restoration and translation of these ancient records. $3.00

3. IF I WERE IN MY TEENS

A brilliantly written series of articles that stimulates greater effort for a more abundant life. Each article is authored by a prominent

leader of youth and makes available in capsule form the truths learned over a lifetime of rich spiritual experiences. $2.00

4. NOT BY BREAD ALONE

By Bryant S. Hinckley

A wonderful addition to any library. Contains a vast reservoir of

inspirational thoughts. Ideal for random reading and as a background

source for teachers and speakers. Stimulating as a tonic. $1.50

Order by Mail or Through Bookcraft Dealers siiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilimiiliiiiiiiJiiiiiiliiliillili iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiimiiiiMiiiiiHiiiiiiij:

GENEALOGY SUPPLIES OF ALL KINDS

BOOKCRAFT Sept. 1955 Write for complete price list.

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiHiiiiiiiiHimiiuiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiR

Please send the following circled books:

3 4 Please send a complete for12which I enclose check ( ) list of LDS books available or money order ( ) through Bookcraft dealers.

NAME 1Bookcraft1 86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah

ADDRESS

CITY STATE.

.J SEPTEMBER 1955 611

\Jffacial \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, "The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkurcn of

n-> VOLUME 58 n> NUMBER 9 of oLatterdau faints

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- F. Editors: DURHAM BENNETT ARCHIBALD G. HOMER- - JR. NIBLEY HARRIS, R. HUNTER MILTON FRANKLINContributing HUGH

- B. A. SIDNEY B. SPERRY LEE CLAUDE PALMERS. -PETERSEN Associate General Manager:- R. Manager: BERTHA CURTIS ELBERT

- F. Director: Advertising Business D. S. SCOTTREEDER Jke C-cover Manager: GILES VERL JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

The Swiss Temple, eleventh completed in the history of the Church, and the ninth to be presently in use by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will be

David September 1 1 by President The Editor's Page dedicated of the temple Photographs O. McKay.

Concerning Faith President David O. McKay 621 were adapted for cover use by Hal Rumel.

Church Features

Your Question: Why Is Oil Used in Administering to the Sick?

.. Joseph Fielding Smith 622

A Temple Is Risen to Our Lord Marba C. Josephson 624 Through the Eyes of Youth—"Who Shall Stand in His Holy

Place?"Frances Brooks 627 EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreet OFFICES

Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St. QualificationsGenealogy—Solomonfor LeadersMack and His Family—Part John1 Longden 628 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

..Archibald F. Bennett 630 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

.... Inc., Funds, 1955 Mutual and by Copyright The Way of the Church—Two Views of Church History—III

AssoImprovement the Mutual by 650 published HughNibley Latof Christ of Jesus ciations of the Church reserved. rights Saints. SubAll terday Priesthood Melchizedek 666 The Church Moves On 616

in price, $2.50 scription a year, advance Presiding Bishopric's 668 630 Page Genealogy in subscriptions, foreign a year, $3.00 advance;

25c single copy.

Special Features EnteredUtah, as atsecondclassthe Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

Presumptuous Sins Arthur M. Richardson 623 mailingfor in sectionat special1103. rateAct ofof Octoberpostage 1917,providedau1918. 2, thorized July B. in Science Hales 634 and Education Utah Wayne

for responsible Era Improvement The Archaeology Book and the conis butnot welcomes unsolicited manuscripts, V of Mormon—Partthe Church

tributions. be accomAll manuscripts must Milton 638 cont Indians, R. Hunter White delivery for sufficient and postage panied by

We're Going to a Hukilau Jack Uale 640 return.

Spiritualized Scouting Elbert R. Curtis 642 Change of Address

Facts About the Word of Wisdom Thomas Ray Broadbent 644 Thirty days'notice required for change of 50 Years of Progress in Multipleuse Forestry..Arnold R. Standing 645 address.clude addressWhen sliporderingfrom a a change,recent pleaseissue inof

cannot changes magazine. Address Soldier, Sorry Paul D. McBride 649 the Today! No Letter

as well as address unless the newbe the old made from Temple Square Spoken Word The is included. one

Richard L. Evans 656, 660, 664

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Summit"—Geneva, July 1955, G.

Harris, Jr 609 Homer Durham... 610

These Times, The "Meeting at the Your Page and Ours. 688

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Lena Glaus—Her Art and ProfesShade, Evelyn Witter 679

sion, Enthusiastic Allie Beginning, 676 That S. Howe TOWNSEND COMPANY EDWARD

St. Sutter 110 Florence 680 Formal Your Old J. Johnson Goes Lamp

California Francisco, San S. TOWNSEND COMPANY EDWARD

Place Stories, Poetry 672 Lafayette Park

Los Angeles 57, California Steffie's Beauty Secret Loraine Luskin 633 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Arlene Hale 636 Tiny Voice The New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

Frontispiece, 653 Wild Cactus Acres, Inner Sight, Janet Moore

Eva Willes Wangsgaard 619 Desert Symphony, Leona Bammes 30DAVISN. LaSalle& SONSSt.

Poetry Page 620 Gardner 654 Chicago, Illinois

A Rock in a Storm, S. Roy ChipOur Garden, Zelda David Howard..658

man 648 Summer Stream, Pauline Havard....671 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4 -HOUR MIRACLE with Fuller's Latex Paint... FulColor

8 a.m.

You start to paint your living room with

Fuller's amazing latex paint—FulColor.

10 A.M.

You're half through...

because FulColor spreads easily, smoothly, perfectly!

11 A.M.

Missed a few spots? Don't

worry about it! With FulColor

you can touch up missed spots without leaving lap marks or brush marks!

12 M. You're finished!

And what an easy cleanup!

You just wash out brushes and rollers under the water tap!

Amazing FulColor dries in just one hour—has no "painty"odor—so right away you

occupy your colorful new room. And whatever colors you prefer, you'll find them

among the hundreds in Fuller's famous

Jewel Case. See them at your Fuller Paint

Dealer—a good place to go.

COLOR, BY

FULCOLOR IS A PRODUCT OF w. p. FULLER & CO.,

THE WEST'S LEADING PAINT MANUFACTURER

AND GLASS DISTRIBUTOR.

.

TO INTRODUCE YOU TO THE MIRACLE OF These Times page 610) (Concluded from of forty expenditure TRUE HIGH FIDELITY RECORDINGS dreaming. The

billions a year for the armed services and more than three billion for foreign aid in 195556, will help maintain the world platform for American influence.

Release of US Air Force plans to proMasterpieces duce a supersonic jet interceptor ("caRussia's dealing with new of pable LAST NOTE THE TO COMPLETE same on the bombers") heavy advanced on complete! All works Two EXTRA Yes Eden, Bulganin, Molotov, that day Discs. HighFidelity in Minor LongPlaying D Fugue andBACHToccata lauding rest the were and Eisenhower, at of the Organ SchreinerAlexander

the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City the "results of the Geneva parley"indicates this aspect of the facts of life.

That Eisenhower is aware of the uses of propaganda (both at home andCHOPINFantaisielmpromptu, for imdeep concern despite Opus 66 abroad),

Robert Goldsand, Pianist relations, was of eastwest provement illustrated by a certain reluctance one

Take afternoon to pose for photographers inBEETHOVENPiano Sonata No. 24 in F Sharp, Opus 78 all 10 a handshake with Bulganin. His real

eviGrant Johannesen, Pianist hand, was other the on for just concern, arranged luncheon, special the denced in one dollar! privately, with Marshal Zhukov. This

distinction the of illustration excellent Mountain on BaldMUSSORGSKYNight is a apparent the real and between the Orch., Walter Goehr, Conducting Philharmonic Netherlands

good lesson, as was the President's sin- "bluemilitary to offer exchange cere try them /XJSf prints."

until a penny pay Don't AFTER and Orchestra in Trumpets for Two ConcertoVIVALDI C a new wearing certainly is Russia you've heard on approval them Trumpeters, Hausdoerjer, F. and H. Sevenstern

for the replace- "faces,"actually face, Cond. Otto Ackermann, Orch. Philharmonic Netherlands

for ATTACHED rule NO STRINGS personal of Stalinlike ment Without Malenquite real. rule seems committee—toyoubuycana record—anynow obligationor later

obtain all the advantages of a Trial kov, remember, survives and smiles.

Flat, K. 184 Membership. No. 26 in EMOZARTSymphony smiling Khrushchev's and, Otto Orch. a real start on a comMolotov's Netherlands Philharmonic can get you A ckermann.Cond. Now be risking manners may collection without convivial plete record faces and

a pieces penny.—auditionTake thesethem TENFREE greatfor 5 masterdays in only apparent. But at least one sees

if decide keep them, Tyour daylight, you home. own in And places at gay pictures their

for but each $1 $1 pay toTEN! ALL NOT Festival or stand Academic reviewing the TheBRAHMS on merely not

This Offer Amazing Make Why We Paul Happens, Conducting Utrecht Symphony, Kremlin the in tryst midnight exciting at performthe to some hear you want We

.. interpretations sensitive the ances the change Stalin. of To true as was

!. Perthe fidelity recordings our.. high. of amazing

of short artists state, orchesand worldrenowned by formed Russian the of nature fidelity a tonal with tras evoluof the major be one war, would to hearing.entire.. reproduced—covering 50 range the human of Carnival TheBERLIOZRoman

noise free cycles! pressed on Custom 15,000 throughout States, Waller Goehr, Cond. history. Philharmonic, of Netherlands tions

! if fidelity a high not vinylite have Even do you

player you can appreciate the difference. history, have rarely, if ever, changed

With Trial Membership your 10 Masterpieces—with no obligationyou receiveto buya valuablea record their nature short of violence, bloodshed,

in advance. will described ever. selections conbe Future Geneva revolution. The or war,

don't charge, try you Act of and Prelude, these free any of may 1 You Meistersinger,WAGNERDie preof the heels on the first, coming ference, try. read to those them and Play keep you have Cond. Ackermann, Tonhalle Orch., Zurich

for those notes. interesting only pay music But their well mark breakers,""ice may ceding price of per just $1.65 at the low keep you Member's

Rusof disc, music. minutes war. containing about 40 The cold of the RPM 33% the end

retail price. the usual saving off of A 40% Izvestia newspaper, government sian

Mail Coupon Now Sorcerer's Apprentice editorial,DUKAS July frontpage in a offer ("Light"), disappointsoon withdrawn. Avoid This may

Cond. Hupperts, Symphony, Utrecht get without money Mail coupon and ment. ALL—be "the as conference the hailed 24, 1955,

! for $1.00 MASTERPIECES ONLY TEN

I ACCLAIMED internaSociety, Dept. in Masterpiece Musical stage The of a to it new beginning seems perfection of is such

Street, 6lst living into room"artists your 43 West 119-9,New recordingINTERNATIONAILYthe 'Thebring

Holland Eisenhower Amsterdam, President Sounds.—Glorious relations."tional 23, Y. N. York reservation recommended be can "The

Switzerland Zurich,without recorddiscs to lovers"—The III at Washoff the Columbine stepped technical of these fine, even "Uncommonly

Call! Examiner,days Action,forAngeles -Los advancement"same airport the national ington's

morning and said, "There is evidence of

MAIL COUPONNO MONEY—NOW new friendliness in the world."The

Dept.u9-9, SOCIETY, Sir MASTERPIECE MUSICAL THE echoing Secretary, Foreign British Y. N. 23, York Street, 61st New West 43 to return his for FREE said Masterpieces 10 upon of recordings Eden Anthony me Rush days After 5 Member. Trial as a Enroll trial. probthe cents identified few plus $1.00 only have or send mediscs will return London, "We purchase Privileges: No in full. payment as Ishipping machinery releases. the set future of up notice have Advance ever! we and obligation lems

records reject disc. I may any trial on free WSMm 5 day Macmillan, at Harold membership cancel receipt; them."with may deal after to or before

I'll only I:- keep, I Pay discs l.p. future time. For any made perhaps off words, 407o Saving these shipping. cents uttering few plus in each $1.65

vrice. retail usual; - because run, long for the customer. sense per the package most sample Limit: one Only

Name. problems have been identified in Europe

Address. and machinery established to deal with

Zone. City Toronto...State.2, Ont.. them, with Asia and China perhaps to Canada: 105 Bond Street,

follow.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 614 A

The Guiding Light Monday through Friday at 9:45 a.m.

Families see The Robert Q. Lewis

Show

Friday a.m. eye to eye Mondayat 11:00through

Art Linkletter's House Party Monday through with Friday at 11:30 a.m.

KSLTV On Your Account Monday through Friday at 1:30 p.m.

now televising //;.,/*"live

all day long in the Mountain West SEPTEMBER 1955 615 The Church moves on A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

June 1955 hiseldestmissionson, Duanne,in the Canadianis now completingMission. In"thePresidentFirst PresidencyStephen LdedicatedRichards theof

-j a Several weeks ago seventeen counDepartmental sessions of the MIA chapel of the Idaho Falls Second and 'ties in north Mississippi had been Southern California conference were Sixteenth wards, Idaho Falls (Idaho) taken from the Southern States Mission held in Los Angeles. Stake.

festival of Souththe dance The MIA to the Eastand States added Central -i First Presidency announced The 9 presented California ern conference wasMission. J- of Missisthe remainder Today the of Elder appointment Henry "Angeles in of the East stadium the Lossippi to tranferred Texasthe was L. to D. succeed Taylor President Bryan College. Junior ofLouisiana Mission. the name The of the California Bunker Mission. At

mission was then changed to the Gulf The second annual MIA Southern the time of this appointment, President

States Mission, which now includes 26 California conference came to a Taylor was serving as president of the

Texas, Louisiana, and parts of Missisclose with general sessions including one East Sharon (Utah) Stake, and as chairsippi. under the direction of the speech deman of the Mt. Timpanogos welfare

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Counpartment, at which President Stephen region. He filled a mission to the Eastcil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel L Richards was the guest speaker. ern States from 1924 to 1926. He is a

of the Alexandria (Virginia) Ward, Elder Percy K. Fetzer, formerly first former bishop of Pleasant View Ward

Washington Stake. counselor, sustained as president of the and a former president of Sharon Stake.

this missionfield assignment with Stake, To City) (Salt Lake Temple View thirtysecond annual LeaderOA The President will Taylor wife, go his the F. Stewart. Adiel President succeeding ship at Brigham Young Week former Alta Hansen, of their two and Burt, second formerly Elder R. JohnUniversity today. began

four children. first counselor, as counselor, sustained

sustained presentation Elder roadshow of the and Thomas The S. Monson

First Presidency The announced conferas California counselor. Southern second MIA i\f\ the appointment Frank of Elder -11 "at the second East Los Angeles givenence formerly was Phil D. Jensen, Elder

Parry to succeed President Lyman the D. auditorium. president of as College sustainedJunior counselor,

of S. Shreeve Mission. the Uruguay PresiStake, succeeding This was the (Utah) eightieth annual Old Alpine

President Parry formerly was a member City.Folk's in Delbert Burgess. Elder Salt Lake dent Day Edward W. of the of presidency the Seattle (Washfirst as counalso released was Chipman ington) Stake for where served ten he institute of camping The99 are the selor. counselors President Jensen's

*** years. Prior to that, as served he bishop held Young Mutual was Women's Stanley Roberts Elders and D. Homer

of the University Seattle Stake. Ward,as California part of the Southern MIA F. Royle. As a young served he missionas a manconference.

The MIA Southern California conary in the Mexican Mission. His wife,

ference presented San Juan Outpost, in July 1955 the former Louise Bush, and their three children will accompany him to the auditoriumthe of the East Los Angeles America's that was announced field. mission 2 It College.Junior sacred the Witness for Christ, Presidency The First the announced

9 i General sessions of the MIA pageant presented at the Hill Cumorah appointment of Elder Edgar L. Wagner

* Southern California conference beeach August, would have twelve scenes of Colonia Dublan, Chihuahua, Mexico, gan in Los Angeles. this year. to succeed President Gordon M. Romney

The music festival of the MIA South- r The Genealogical Society of the of the Central American Mission. Presiern California conference was presented "Church opened its recently redent Wagner, at the time of his appointin the Hollywood Bowl. modeled fourth floor facilities, which ment, was serving as stake Sunday

contain one hundred microfilm reading School superintendent of the Juarez 9C Thethe appointmentFirst Presidencyof PresidentannouncedClifmachines. Stake.Dublan HeWardis there.a formerAs bishopa youngof manthe

Bear of Kerr the Southton G. M. announced he served First Presidency a mission in Mexico. To this River 9 The the British over preside to Stake,(Utah) of Elder Douglas mission assignment the appointment with go him will

Mission, succeeding President A. Hamer H. Driggs of Phoenix, Arizona, to preside his wife, the former Gladys Kotter, and

Reiser. President Kerr filled a mission over the Northwestern States Mission, one son.

in the British Isles from 1928 to 1930. succeeding President James A. McMurchildren's in Salt parade Lake a A 9 auxiliaries various in the served has mission filled a rin.He President Driggs ""featured City of the the opening both and stakeof the a ward on 1928. Church in beginning Eastern States in the

celebration annual noting the coming is of bishop a former welin interested thelevel. He long has been the He

of pioneers. the This evening the Utah former a and Second Ward, ofTremonton the is president fare of boys and

first held. performance of the rodeo was Stake high River Bear of the of Council,member Scouts Roosevelt AmerBoy

council and presidency. President Kerr ica. At the time of this call to the misPerformances were scheduled for Thursand his wife, the former Irene Pack, sion field he is the senior member of evenings.day, Friday, Saturday, and Monday

with their two sons, John and Nolan, the Phoenix Stake high council. Acwill go to England sometime in the companying him to the field of labor 9 9 The appointment of Catherine

fall. Their son Rolfe, a student at Utah will be his wife, the former Effie Killian, ""Bowles of Nephi, Utah, to the genState Agricultural College, will join and the youngest of their four children, eral board of the Deseret Sunday

them about the first of the year. Their Anne. School was announced.

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA An Announcement from the Books Club LDS INTRODUCTORY SELECTION Have you ever wished for a good library of LDS books?

The LDS Books Club has been formed to make it easy for you to secure the wouldbest Churchotherwisebookshaveregularlyto pay andfor them.conveniently at a cost of about 20% less than you

This is how the plan works: Each month a competent committee will select the

top new LDS book. You as a club member will receive a review of this book, along

with a post card giving three or four alternate selections. If you want the top book,

you do nothing. A copy at the regular publisher's price will be sent you in the mail,

.and you will be billed for it. If you prefer one of the alternates, or none at all that

'&jumlw month,-Whenyou youreturnhavethepurchasedcard so indicating.four books, we will send you a FREE book of your

own choice from among a list of some of the finest LDS books published. THIS

WILL BE YOUR DISCOUNT ON THE BOOKS YOU HAVE PURCHASED. You <x>y<mm need only take four books a year unless you desire more.

Remember, you get these advantages:

Savings of about 20% on all books through a FREE bonus book with each four books purchased.

g The most convenient way possible to build your library of good LDS books.

Assurance that the top LDS books will be selected monthly.

Act today to build your library and make available to yourself and your family the best Church books by filling out and mailing the application blank below, along with your check or money order.

ALTERNATE SELECTIONS

! DOCTRINES OF SALVATION, Vol. 1 3. YOUR FAITH AND YOU—

By Joseph Fielding Smith $3.00 By Mark E. Petersen $3.00

Sermons and writings of the president of the With rare insight and forthright directness, Elder

CHERISHED CouncilMcConkie.of Featuresthe Twelve,authoritativecompiled doctrinalby Bruce ma-M. Petersenon life andauthoritativelyliving for younganswersand oldvitalalike,questionsgiving

EXPERIENCES terialthat is onnew,manytakenimportantfrom personaltopics, correspondence.including much inspiredcan rome guidanceonly throughand livingshowingthe thatgood happinesslife.

by 2 OUR LORD OF THE GOSPELS 4. JESUS THE CHRIST—

DAVID O. McKAY By J. Reuben Clark, Jr $5.00 By James E. Talmage.$3.00

As a result of many years of research and unAn LDS classic first published in 1915 by aptiring effort, President Clark presents a harmony pointment of the presiding authorities. Comprises

$3.00 ofthe thefoureventsGospels.in theAn importantLife of Jesusand ascolossalrecordedunderin aaccountsnarrativeof ofhistheantemortalLord's life existencein the fleshand andhis

taking on the life and teachings of the Savior. dealings with the world from its beginning.

David 0. McKay Ifrequiredyou bindon a yourseparateEras, sheetor forof otherpaper. reasons do not want to mutilate this page, send information

Compiled by President McKay's secretary,

Clare Middlemiss, for the purpose of inLDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah.

creasing the faith and building the testiGentlemen:

of Saints throughoutmonies Latterday enroll Please of the Club, as a Books LDS and member me send selection Experiences,"or the "Cherished alternate thisthe checked world, splendid below. book con- I meunderstandthe introductorythat I new

receive will selections four with a free each I buy. bonus booktains rich spiritual experiences accounts of

Presidentenjoyed by the during his long Namelife in of service the Church.

Divided into four secAddress Testitions, Memorable City and State '. monies, FaithPromoting

Incidents, Incidents of Amount of Check Enclosed $ Please send C.O.D

Divine Healing, and In- (Utah residents include 2% sales tax)

Stories spirational for Youth, this book will Please send "Cherished Experiences"$3. If alternate desired, please indicate:

bless every home it en- 1. Doctrines of Salvation, Vol. 1, by Joseph 3. Your Faith and You, by Mark E.

ters, and build the faith Fielding Smith, $3. Petersen, $3.

of every person who 2. Our Lord of the Gospels, by J. Reuben 4. Jesus the Christ, by James E. Talmage.

reads it. Clark, Jr., $5. $3.

Clare Middlemiss SEPTEMBER 1955 617 -; -...--: ':

copper water tube CHASE goes in for good!

See that shiny Chase Copper Water Tube! Smart plumbers choose it every time.

They know it's lightweight, easy to handle, and it wakes satisfied customers for years to come.

Chase Copper "Water Tube is corrosionresistant... won't clog with rust and

always gives a full flow of rustfree water.

Chase Copper Water Tube and Chase SolderJoint Fittings are a combination that just can't be beat for hot and cold water lines, radiant panel heating and for drainage lines, too. Sold by Chase plumbing and heating wholesalers.

When you buy products made by Chase Brass and Copper Company, you buy

Utah mined copper.

Copper *s 3 Utah Division Kennecott Copper Corporation

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The combination of Yucca whipplei and Prickly Pear (Opuntia) in full dress shows the desert off to its best advantage.

—Photograph by Josef Muench

Wild Cac+us Acres by Eva Willes WangsgaarJ

left the flower show's bright blooms to drive

Across the town below the canyon's mouth.

Among the rocks was beauty more alive

Than all the gardens'hoard, east, north, or south.

primrose wed begonia, then perhaps

A rival for this beauty might be born.

Unusued to pamperinghands the cactus traps

The whole of sunset's hues with lobe and thorn.

SEPTEMBER 1955 619 GARDEN AT DUSK

By Ethel Hope Hodson

traces its pattern slowly And cranny, crevice, SfeS&/: T|uskIn eachnow slips into the garden in each

And on flowers'elfin faces;

Creeps along the climbing roses;

DARK CAMEO THE DAYS I LOVE THE MOST Touches lilies with cool fingers;

Carpets every path and corner;

By Alma Robison Higbee By Stanton A, Coblentz On the fence and low gate lingers;

Tarries with a calm assurance;

if it asks Nor once last may borrow I lane, rrtHE the days red cow love the came down most, of all our daysThe All the peace tranquil and beauty breeze bore in The grape wild these of musk, A High the mountains windyThe hills put off the robe of day west, Of my garden—till tomorrow.

And donned the cloak of dusk. Are when the clouds, in Alpine whites and

Dew filled the lily's honied cup, Pile grays,huge against the summits, crest on ON THE STREET OF THE SILVER

Where late the bright bee sipped; crest; LANTERN

Upon the darkened slate of sky And when their loosened ranges, in the blue

Night wrote in golden script. Of skies as lustrouspure as lakes of dream, By Ethel Jacobson

Roll overhead, with shadows that pursue

The fleeing light—a neverceasing stream! 4\N the Street of the Silver Lantern

IN ASPENS AUTUMN the violet lay, shadows Where in alternating the Then, blaze, gloom and walked, heart and was heavy my

A. Elizabeth eclipse peaks Hutchison the vapory By sun and I When lonely long and way, A

pass, voice For silence broke the no sloping height, lifts of n the I greatness gaze remote and cool, and me; A sense in a Save the tree, dove willow

exaltation is at the cloud grove blown mass. pool, In a An aspen gleaming no one And walked beside me

in the gales, that forest in the beat And with ofCupped unseen pine, somber Except a memory.

And etched by autumn in clean design. wings,

The frail leaves quivering in the sun I feel the jubilance at the heart of things. But the darkness swiftly lifted,

Might very well be of the sunlight spun; And my heart was suddenly light

But it the dove's echoed soft murmur waves that ripple in the mountain ACCORDING TO SCHEDULE As breeze listening night. the still In and

trees. of gold the aspenAre shimmering

splash drench the air andThey on the sand, By Lucretia Penny Oh, Inthe pearlyviolet moonlightshadows vanishedthen.

pines a the in strand, luminousRimming the Flametipped, the shore shining walks heAnd on who leaves of fall On theI metStreetmy loveof theagain!Silver Lantern Reach out to burn sky's very to the bright door.Seems near

Bridges behind another year That shan't return. FIELDS AT NIGHT INDIAN SUMMER

By {Catherine F. Larsen RED GERANIUMS By Miranda Snow Walton

fields in night, at whispering f stood Mabel Jones Gabbott By still lingers, feet in bare the she * there; loveliness was And strewnHere days filled their they summer tree, a touched came and The down moon Through breathless leaves, the antique inGold caught

fingers space hair. her through Ran spell

spicy scent, fields, tranquil caressed the grace, With wind squatty and The rust tree, bright carpet, holdsThat where that ripened blooms reclined; rivaled With wheat happily And too soon

like birds, of mother's generosity; thoughts you, While homing My will northeast season's the keenRude winds

flying watched each to of shade mind. red appear Came We my knell.

it said, of the "That's yearning for And thought school, this you mine Was drapes brief a chiffonhazeShe gray mantle year"; the of the grain beauty Or smiles, shoulders, languorously tawnyOn fall filled tears eyes blinding Then would come, That with she snip and would my toReluctant breath, disturb a one draw every slip; a Of knifed heart hue pain? healthy with And my leaf,

cousins stop would and say, byWhere if red geranium, gold and scarlet riot down calm blue And"A I may."miles.

Fragrant leaves, ringed in dark bands, SUMMER'S END

Slipped and potted loving with hands, in rich in robed time, amber,Suspended geraniums, Red soon to sing Sabin By Zara such Against a schoolbell's ring, vibrant not well day, sheAs wear another may Left the garden each September at quite suddenly, the farm, TIere of feels Frost's sharp the imminenceShe In the halcyon days that I remember. lives are tranquil as a clear deep our touch

Which one day soon will startle her away, stream

And all the golden languor of the land WE THANK THEE flowing between high green banks.

Be stripped and strewn by Winter's ruthless We weed no more but leisurely hand. By Gladys Hesser Burnham gather the ripened crops. Our days now

seem rt)R all the beauties of this tranquil land, more mellow—time for giving thanks!

WHEAT HARVEST * Pineclad hills and rushing mountain streams, Beauty surrounds us. Full and dark

By Mildred Goff Meadows of lush grass and stareyed bloom the corn silk falls from golden rustling

Bordered with drifts of quaking asps and leaves

Abluejeaned king upon a lofty throne, dreams; blown gently by a wandering breeze.

The high seat of his clanking harvester, The richness of scarlet tomatoes mark

Across the golden fields he rides alone, For quiet lakes of rhythmic seashore swell the garden's end. Cool cucumbers weave

His ear attuned to every rasp and whir. Of breaker's gently rolling, harnessed might; with scalloped squash, a patterned frieze.

Sometimes he whistles, sometimes sings Burnished deserts, rimmed with rainbowedaloud, hills, Wild grapes hang red and sweet along

And watches where the heavy wheat heads Brighter stars there light the tranquil night; the meadow's edge. Slowly down the road,

drop. boldly outlined by westering sun,

Appraising anxiously each puff of cloud We thank Thee for the peace and dignity with supple movement, sure and strong,

That threatens rain upon the precious crop, Of sunsets and of softly falling snow. the great farm horses move their lumbering

He thinks of those whose hunger will be fed Nature spreads a balm that covers all load

Upon this wheat, transmuted into bread. Ugliness and casts a vivid glow. of fragrant hay. Summer is done.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;5s55;3vi?&S&S;

/.-.'';;t,, r.;,'.,-.. br*&

Concerning Faith

by President David O. McKay

Man'sthreespanterms:of lifethat maywhichbe was,comprehendedthat which byis, meansfiled andthethekeepingspirit attunedof the bodywith purethe infinite.and undeand that which will be. Mormonism means My faith is a constant inspiration to search alto me the true philosophy of these three states of ways for truth, to seek ever for what is "virtuous,

being. It explains the past; it is a safe guide for lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy."

the present; it unveils the future. My faith as well as my heart assures me that

It gives to me an assurance that God is truly the dearest possession a man has is his family. In

my Father and that therefore I must have inthe gospel we have the divine assurance that the herited his immortality. This explanation of my ties of kindred will transcend the boundaries of

beginning is the anchor of my soul amidst the death and continue throughout the endless ages unsettled, neverresting theories advanced in atof eternity. Thus my faith means more to me than

tempted explanations of the origin of man. So far all else in the world; for it gives me the assuras man's antemortal state is concerned, I rejoice ance that when the marriage vow bears the seal

in the fact that "he was in the beginning with the of the Holy Priesthood, it is as eternal as love,

Father."as everlasting as spirit.

My faith means an unfailing guide through the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints present existence, a final solution of life's probwas established by the authority and through the lems. It teaches me that only through individual personal administration of the Savior, who reeffort may true success and happiness be obtained. vealed again to the Prophet Joseph the true reOnly through cleanliness and purity of thought, lationship of man to his maker. Man is in spirit

of word and action may we enjoy to perfection literally the offspring of deity, and as such, the inspiration of the Lord. There is no aristocthrough obedience to the laws of life, he may

racy of birth in the kingdom of God, no truly become in all essential characteristcs and power eternal reward to an individual through the exlike unto the Father.

cellency of another's character. Everyone must Faith is the great need of the world today, faith

work out his own salvation. This life is truly a that there is a God in heaven, who is real, not

garden in which every person gathers fruits from just a force, but a Father who hears prayers and the seed he plants. If he plants weeds, weeds answers them.

will he harvest. If he plants flowers and useful Faith in God cannot of course be other than

grains, beautiful flowers and rich harvest will personal. It must be yours; it must be mine; and

reward him. But an abundant harvest is the reto be effective must spring from the mind and

sult only of painstaking, intelligent cultivation. heart. Every man will do well to pray with

Though I've had but glimpses of the compreEmerson: "O God, make me willing to be willing

hensiveness of the gospel, yet it includes for me to do thy will."

all the conditions necessary for the physical, the Faith is that principle which draws our spirit intellectual, the moral, and the spiritual developinto communion with the higher spirit which ment of this human life. Obedience to it means will bring all things to our remembrance, show

obedience to the laws of health and happiness. It {Concluded on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1955 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) in which we learn by experience the great lessons of us things to come, and teach us all things. To acquire life; our future, which, if we graduate with honor, is

that Spirit is the high incentive of the sincere seeker after an everlasting experience where, as progressive personal truth. beings we may live in God's eternal realms forever. "The

stars may fade away, the sun himself grow dim with

The gospel, therefore, is to me the true philosophy age, and nature sink in years; but man shall flourish in

of life. It comprehends our birth, which is but a "sleep immortal youth, unhurt amidst the war of elements, the

and a forgetting"; our present existence, which is a school wreck of matter and the crash of worlds."

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Why Is Oil Used in Administering to the Sick?

"Why is it that we use oil in administerprophetic writings that olive trees and olive oil are eming to the sick? There is no reference blems of sacredness and purity.

in the Doctrine and Covenants directing its use. In ur When the Prophet Joseph Smith sent to the brethren

discussions this question has been raised, and why some m Missouri a copy of the eightyeighth section of the other oil would not answer just as well as olive oil? Doctrine and Covenants, he prized it so highly that he

When was this practice of anointing with oil introwrote to them saying: "I send you the olive leaf which

duced?"we have plucked from the Tree of Paradise,"thus applying the thought of purity and wisdom.

We use olive oil in administering to the times.The useIt wasof olivethe customoil in anointingto anoint isprophets,from verykings,ancientand

sick because the Lord has instructed it. holy messengers as a stamp or token of their official

It is true there is no mention in the Doctrine and Covecalling. In Leviticus, 8:6-12, is an interesting account

nants to the use of oil in administering to the sick, but of the calling of Aaron, and how Moses not only anointed there are references to the anointing with oil in the Aaron, but likewise the altar and the vessels, and sancticonferring of authority and sacred blessings. This pracfied them with holy oil. Samuel also anointed Saul and

tice has come down to us from the time of the organizaproclaimed him king in Israel, and when Saul transtion of the Church, according to the pattern anciently gressed, David was anointed in his stead to be king of given. Israel. This custom continued in Israel until they were

It was an olive leaf that the dove brought to Noah inrejected by the Lord and scattered.

dicating that the water of the flood was abated. From The olive tree and its golden oil were among the

that time on the olive leaf or branch and the dove have greatest treasures of Israel. The Lord said to Moses:

been emblems of peace and purity. In many parables in "And thou shalt command the children of Israel, that

the scriptures, the olive tree is mentioned as symbolic they bring thee pure oil olive beaten for the light, to of righteousness and having reference to the kingdom of cause the lamp to burn always.

God or the Church. In the fifth chapter of Jacob, in the "In the tabernacle of the congregation without the vail,

Book of Mormon, is found a prophetic parable of the which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall planting of branches of the "tame olive tree,"or the order it from evening to morning before the Lord: it

house of Israel, in various corners of the earth, and how, shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the when they grew and bore fruit and commenced to decay, behalf of the children of Israel."(Exodus 27:2021.)

the husbandman grafted into these branches of the main No other kind of oil will do in anointing. It is very

tree branches from the wild olive to see if they would apparent that the oil from animal flesh would never revive. This parable portrays the scattering of Israel do, and there is no other kind of oil that is held so

through the ages and is intensely interesting. Likewise, sacredly and is more suited to the anointing than the

we find in the Doctrine and Covenants, section 101, oil of olive; moreover, the Lord has placed his stamp of

there is a parable of the planting of twelve olive trees approval on it.

in the Lord's vineyard. This also has prophetic meaning. In Revelation 1 1:4, the Lord speaks of his two

witnesses as two olive trees, and in Zechariah 4:1114 is CyC >LS-

a similar prophetic parable. So we find through all the

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Presumptuous Sins

| | by Arthur M. Richardson

is vile, not. restrained selves report for it them he and Nay, no good is is of my sons; justice. This a GodElohim the therefore to unto I have sworn Lord's I hear: people the And ye make It is inference. a that than an more

of Eli's of Eli, house iniquity transgress. that the house

truism. In fact, it is more than If one man sin against another, the judge shall not be purged with sacrifice nor ofthat, it is a revealed truth. shall judge him: but if a man sin against fering for ever. {Ibid., 3:1214.)

His way with men manifests this the Lord, who shall intreat for him? Notattribute in full measure. To Moses withstanding they hearkened not unto the In examining God's indictment of

he said: wouldvoice ofslaytheirthem. father,{Ibid., because2:2325.) the Lord Eliis thattwoElithingsknew,becomethoughapparent:his son's wereOne

for sinshall that one law have Ye him disthat taken have he should sons adults, Like wicked most rebellious, for that ignorance, through bothneth him in addiagainst ciplinary action them from to take counsel refused Israel, is of children the and they born among for the stranger that sojourneth among their father. However, Eli's responsition to merely counseling them; arid

them. bility did not end with counseling his further, the fact that Eli counseled

presoul that doeth ought But the that his sons the two meant men responsibility sons. further a He had

better], hesumptuously knows [when deliberately flouted the law and knew their to protect the people from or land, in a the be he bornwhether sinpresumptuous became it. They to failed do. depredations. This he the reproacheth Lord; thestranger, same

and that soul shall be cut off from among Rather, he allowed them to continue ners. For that God took their lives.

his people. in their priestly office taking advanAnother presumptuous sinner was

despised the word of he hath Because tage of the people physically, spiritDavid. Though he prayed: broken his haththe commandLord, and

ment, that soul shall utterly be cut off; his ually, and morally. Therefore, Keep back thy servant also from preiniquity shall be upon him. (Numbers through a messenger God warned sumptuous sins; let them not have dominion

15:2931.) Eli: over me: then shall I be upright, and I shall

be innocent from the great transgression.

Here the Lord recognizes two genAnd there came a man of God unto Eli, (Psalm 19:13.)

eral classifications of sinners: those and said unto him, Thus saith the Lord,

fell transgreat into the Yet he I plainly the of thy appear Did house unto of law; then, the are ignorantwho

in father, presumptuously in sinned they in gression, Egypt were when the sin against knowinglythose who Pharaoh's house? the stealing the and of Uriah murder they knowlaw, do wrong when who all of the out I choose did him And fallen fo Uriah's hath wife, and "...

offer tribes of sin Israel priest, is right, to to presumptuousbe whowhat my his exaltation, (D...."from & C. altar, incense, to to burn wear upon mine of Doctrine section the 76thly. The

132:39.) I give did unto before and me? an ephod sets ends forth the Covenantsand

all offerings of father the thy house sin of Unrepentant saints God who with accordance theseof groups in Israel? of of the children by fire the madethe the presumptuously not but unto

ofjustice God. and mercy kick ye at and Wherefore my sacrifice at great transgression will come forth in offering, which I have commanded illustrates mine priest of Eli the The story

in resurrection, the but meanwhile sons thy honourest habitation; and sinner. was mythe presumptuous He

the the "shall fat delivered they to yourselves with be unto make above me, sons. his two priest as werea temple Israel of offerings all of the chiefest my of bufferings the unto Satan day

There was a law in ancient Israel people? {Ibid., 2:2729.) redemption, saith the Lord God."of

that provided that the priests take part of the offerings to be burned for Then God pronounced a curse up- {Ibid., 132:26.) Surely no one can

to lay forgiving expect the claim to family meant which on Eli and his Eli's sons, sustenance.their own

of of the Christ blood atoning power severance eventual death and in their to function they continuedwhile their portion of the priests'calling, forever from the priestly office. Even who knowingly sets at naught the

of Christ. laws hold cannot God stir of failed Eli fate to this dire out of father, their forgotten thehad God

guiltless those despise authority who to his the point lethargy he where their than more demanding wereand authorities, to refuse keep and and finally, his discipline sons. So as prewould of offerings theshare they

it. II his law they (See when know Prophet, the through Samuel God sacrifice. forpared them "Where-

2:9-10.) Eli at Peter to that the day was sin of the thefore was revealed young men the of Jacob, prophBook Mormon fall judgment would upon hand when..."before (See the great Lord.very

et, recognized of the preenormity his household. and him 2:1217.)I Samuel

sins: sumptuous to said: Samuel, Speaking God Eli, priestly father of these the As

two unpriestly sons, grew older, he In that day I will perform against Eli... wo unto him that has the law given,

heard of other sins committed by his all things which I have spoken concerning yea, that has all the commandments of sons. his house: when I begin, I will also make God, like unto us, and that transgresseth

an end. them, and that wasteth the days of his

And he said unto them, Why do ye such For I have told him that I will judge probation, for awful is his state! (2 Nephi

things? for I hear of your evil dealings by his house for ever for the iniquity which 9:27.)

all this people. he knoweth; because his sons made them- {Concluded on page 671)

SEPTEMBER 1955 623 AGAINST THE BACKDROP

A TEMPLE IS

then president of the Swiss -Austrian

Mission, was assigned the responsibility of trying to obtain the land which President McKay had seen which would prove suitable as a temple site. Difficulties arose, however,

and in November of 1952 President

Bringhurst wrote President McKay:

The completed Swiss Temple—the first to be erected and dedicated—Photoin byEurope.G. Schmid several"Aftermonthsmuch fastingof workandweprayerjust andreceived an unfavorable answer to our

Theat Bern,dedicationSwitzerland,of the SwisscommencingTemple wherecantons,conveneswhich thehavegovernmentso long foughtof the requestin Bern.*to* purchase* the temple site

September 11, 1955, marks the for freedom and the rights of man. "Although a little disappointed I

eleventh temple to be completed in the The city is at once an ancient and a am not dismayed, and for some unDispensation of the Fulness of Times modern city. The glorious Jural known reason feel relieved. We have

and the first temple to be erected on Mountains and the magnificent Alps done everything humanly possible to the continent of Europe. The ereccan both be seen on clear days from consummate the purchase of the site

tion of this temple is a tribute to the the temple lot as well as from the city you approved, and I am confident faithfulness and the worthiness of the of Bern. The glacial water of the everything will yet turn out for the

40,000 members of the Church who Aare River flows through the city of best."

live in Europe. Bern, making it a rare and beautiful President McKay's answer bore the

The story behind the dedication is sight. Behind the temple is a luxurisame feeling of confidence that Presi-

a stirring one and one that is conduous grove, creating a feeling of quiet dent Bringhurst had expressed: "As

cive to testimony and faith. The hisand peace. I read your letter stating that all

tory of any temple beats out the pulse When President David O. McKay effort had failed and a negative deof a people for whom it was erected. with his party, which included his cision had been rendered, I was not

That is equally true of the temple wife and son, Dr. Llewelyn R. surprised, but at first disappointed;

that now stands on the outskirts of McKay, visited Europe in the summer however, strangely enough, my disapBern, on a site of beauty and distincof 1952, the plans were perfected for pointment soon disappeared and was tion, even in the land noted for its the erection of a temple on the contireplaced by an assurance that the beauty. nent of Europe, as well as in Great Lord will overrule all transactions for

Bern is the capital of Switzerland, Britain. Elder Samuel E. Bringhurst, the best good of his Church, not only

President David O. McKay and party breaking the The excavation for the temple.

ground in August 1953.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mak. dedicated the temple site for the commencement of work on August 5,

OF THE JURALS AND THE ALPS President1953. It Williamwas a F.stirringPerschon,occasion.former President Bringhurst, President A.

Hamer Reiser, as well as Dr. Llewelyn

momentous event. At this serviceRISEN TO OUR LORD R. McKay, were in attendance at this

two moving Church hymns were sung: "The Spirit of God Like a Fire

by Marba C Josephson Is Burning,"and "The Day Dawn Is

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR Breaking."

In President McKay's dedicatory in Switzerland but throughout Euthe birds'songs Seemed muted the prayer he said, in part, rope."day the author walked through the "We are grateful for the privilege

The difficulty of obtaining land grove of trees. In the distance the we have of assembling here in this

in Europe is not too well recognized Jural Mountains make a striking country where freedom is cherished, by people who live on other contiwhere the individual is free to wornents, particularly in the Western ship God according to the dictates of to Hemisphere. Europe is an old contihis own conscience. We ask thee

nent, and most of the land has been continue to bless this nation. The

acquired by families that try to safelove of the Lord as they believe in guard it for their own. One Swiss thee is in their hearts as is that love

gentleman told the Saints: "Switzerof truth. And on this sacred occaland is small, and there's only one sion we invoke thy blessings upon

crop of land. The prospects are that the Swiss government and the Swiss

the prices will be higher next year people.

than at present."Land is at a "We are grateful for the assistance

premium in most of the countries of of kind friends who have aided PresiEurope. dent Bringhurst, President Zimmer,

The Spirit of the Lord moved in a and others associated with them in miraculous way to open the way for selecting this spot on which a temple be reared unto thy name and erection of the dismay a temple. The * * * thy glory. that envelcouragement must have

oped the Saints and the missionaries "We are grateful for the restorawas soon lifted when President Bringtion of the gospel of Jesus Christ in hurst learned of another tract of land, its purity, and we are grateful for even more suitable and more advanthe organization of the Church, the tageously located than the previous President Stephen L Richards of the First custodian of the gospel in this day.

site had been. One week after the Presidency places the cornerstone of the Bless all those who are presiding in

first letter to President McKay, PresiSwiss Temple. thy Church—the First Presidency, the

dent Bringhurst wrote again that he Quorum of the Twelve, the Patriarch had found an available place near backdrop, and behind them the mato the Church, the Assistants to the

Bern which consisted of twice the jestic Alps bring additional sublimity Twelve, the Seventy, the Presiding amount of land at half the price of to the temple. Reverence and sancBishopric, the stake, ward, mission

the former location. This land contity abound in and around the Swiss authorities, that they may sense their

grounds. Temple responsibilities as true representasisted of 6.72 several acres and had

After the land was purchased and tives.* * * additional the over advantages other

property. The sale price included architects engaged, President McKay (Continued on following page)

the hard surfacing of the streets as well as water and sewer connections.

President Bringhurst concluded his letter: "We gratefully acknowledge the The home for the help of the Lord in this transaction. Temple,president Presidentof the Swiss

We thank you, President McKay, and Samuel E. Bringhurst

the others for your faith and prayers. its first occupant.

Our entire group of missionaries fasted and prayed, and immediately after the property became available."

It is difficult to imagine the beauty of the temple environment. Behind

it the grove, already mentioned, seems reminiscent of the Sacred Grove. Even

SEPTEMBER 1955 625 this sacred occasion, we humbly pray in the name of thy Beloved Son,

Jesus Christ. Amen."

Following the dedication, the work began in earnest. The excavation

for the foundation of the temple was completed midway in December 1953. After the first of the year, however, the construction had to be

halted because of the severe winter weather. Early in the spring (March

1954) work was resumed and went rapidly forward. Edward O. Anderson, Church architect, was in charge

of the plans for the temple, and obtained assistance from Hans Jordi, a

Swiss architect, and Wilhelm Zimmer, who in addition to his building proThe building as it stood on July I, 1954, fession is a member of the Church.

(above), (right) the building and at the Close and cordial relations have entime of the cornerstone ceremonies, November 13, 1954. abled the work to push ahead rapidly.

—Photos by G. Schmid This close cooperation also has assisted in the cutting of expenses,

which at first seemed impossible to

A Temple Is Risen to Our Lord curtail.

President Stephen L Richards of (Continued from preceding page) "Now our Heavenly Father, as thy tifaip* the First Presidency laid the cornerstone on November 13, 1954, at which servant holding the Holy Priesthood time the superstructure had beenand representing the membership in nearly completed and the concrete

Bern, in surrounding branches, and at present the membership in Europe, part of the tower had been poured.

we dedicate this tract of land for the President Richards (accompanied by

Sister Richards,) laid the cornerstone, purpose of erecting a temple unto thy commended those in charge for the name; also a chapel in which the

work thus far accomplished and enmembers of this surrounding discouraged the completion of the buildtrict may meet to worship thee, weeking to the Lord.

ly and as often as conveniences perThe dedicatory prayer of Presimit and necessity requires; also for the dent Stephen L Richards follows, in

erection of houses that may be used "May they realize that they are part:

thatfor shelter for future generations, and housekeeping by those building histhee for the sacred thank "We milperhaps distant lands. of thousands, from hundreds comewho

tory restored with. of thy Church,

"We dedicate every spot of this lions, will look upon this structure its sorrows and its joys, its drivings,all it builttract that that those that be considered sacred and say men may its its hardships, suctriumphs and it of to retained glory bewhether the God. house And for temple

for lesthee thank the We or the cesses. inpurposes that otherwise thought of. with mind, disposed may

sons of life us, hast thou taught

And we include the land surrounding builders do their best, even exceed the understanding and truth thoufor purchased by our friends that proper their own ability, that the structure hast implanted in our hearts.

environment may be sustained, that may be a credit to this village, to the no objectionable buildings may be surrounding villages, to the city of "We thank thee for him whom thou erected. Now we beseech thee, Bern, to the country of Switzerland, as didst choose to initiate thy work in

Father in heaven, that thou wilt acwell as to the entire Church.* * * this dispensation, even the Prophet

thee forcept this dedication and take charge "Accept this dedication, O Father. Joseph Smith. We thank

of all things from this moment. Accept our gratitude. Hear, we bethe simplicity and firmness of his

"We invoke thy blessings upon the seech thee, our pleadings for thy profaith, for the susceptibility of his architects who have drawn plans for tecting care over this property. In youthful, unspoiled nature to the

a building worthy of thy name to be the erection of the building may there spiritual manifestations which came erected in this spot. We pray thee be no fatal accidents; that care may from thee to him, and for the divine

to bless the contractors, to bless the be manifested by the overseers, contruths and holy principles committed builders and all the electricians, all tractors, and all connected therewith; to his custody for the guidance and

the master workmen. May everyone that when we meet in the near future direction and the ultimate exaltation

sense that he is building, even as he to dedicate the edifice unto thee and of the whole familv of God in the lays the blocks and the mortar or the thy glory, may we look back upon earth.* * *

wires or the plumbing or any part this occasion and upon all interven- "And now, our Father, midway in of the building, that he is doing it ing activities without regret, but with the process of construction we pause to thy name and to thy glory. pride and with cherished memories of (Continued on page 684)

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA receive forgiveness for this sin if we "... trulyand hardrepent,and butheartbreaking.the road isTherelong Shall Stand Who was once a young woman who did

not honor her womanhood as she should. After she had committed

sin, she was very remoseful, and in His Holy Place?"imagine her feelings when she was

called to go on a mission and she had by Frances Brooks to confess her sin. Imagine, also,

how she felt when a young man asked her to go to the temple to become his hill shall into ascend the the Who of feel impossible to not she was less wife. simply sin she committed The

or Lord? shall his in stand holy who first refined appeared. than she had to the price she had worth was not place?

He that hath clean hands, and a pure Our Latterday Saint standard of pay, and it never is.

heart; who hath not lifted up his soul dress has been much discussed. We There will be some who will say,

unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully. all know how our Church leaders "Is it worth it to keep our ideals and

(Psalm 24:3-4.) feel about this subject, but it is instandards so high just so that we may

teresting to that are there note many a temple marriage?"There have

is hill the of the Lord? To other people prominent famous and feel are they people young who many What hill of the earth the Lord on me leaders. agree with our Church who service colorful wish a more would

is is it for temple, holy here our girls Saint are Latterday and women the instead. can Never you know receive us enable the keys whichwe of as Actually, daughters queens God. that joy temple marriage with comes

life celestial to in attain the glory it is to see dress rare an immodest this to until able have been have you hereafter.

is that in as as becoming good one service, blessing. other wonderful No ourselves so prepare we may How taste. elaborate, ever could matter no how temples, enter that the and we may strive to Saints Latterday should of simple the beauty compare with

live to continue worthy we mayhow surround enthemselves with an quiet the room, your where and you there? blessings receive of the we We is pure. that vironment clean and close A along husbandto-be, with

of gospel, the not be ashamed must father his to forbade once daughter friends family, of your members and ourselves pure keep must by and we associate a with person not did he for there, gather. are are you You ideals, a clean high body, having

feel Rebelliously, good company. was Christ, of of gospel the not ashamed speech, thoughts, and pure clean

said, the "Father, daughter must you lived enterof have worthy and you actions. righteous

if feel think as- a child you me this my are building. ing sacred There clean to are us important Just how

this sociating experson with would onlookers, curious those only no who thoughts? speech pure and Many pose to Silently the danger."their me close to happiness your have our use people language which

standards tell us is improper, and father went to the hearth and picked hearts, and there you are married, it coal. to a dead up handed all for eternity, time, for He but his not and a say, they few little can "What

it, saying, daughter "Here, take life the together begin my your with you

It is important, hurt?"slang words

child, it will not you."burn The that has marriage your knowledge girls Saint for as Latterday and

did, daughter her and hands and blessing in heaven. the of our Father

ladies, lady be and a mustwomen, we dress blackened. Crossly became she children come, As you your know language. profane use not does

said, careful cannot too be precious souls "We in that these which God office in I once where worked an handling coals.""Yes,"the father has given you are yours for eternity. I had an opportunity to meet people

see, answered, child, coals "You that my are doubts. no There You know life. of walks dayfrom One many

if even they burn, not blacken. do alwill unit family a your remain personnel broughtour a new manager

it is evil So with company."ways.

first train. girl impresto to me My

is of Honoring greatest womanhood offer these any wedding Can favorable. ofsion very Her her was

importance to a Latterday Saint girl. blessings or can any earthly pleasurepersonal appearance was pleasing and

her manners impeccable. She went President David O. McKay said, compensate for not receiving them?

is truly worth anyabout that morning learning her work "Chastity is the crown of beautiful Temple marriage womanhood."So we must hold our effort we may make.and asking intelligent questions. I

invited her to join a group of us for ideals high, for before we can enter May our Latterday Saint young the temple we are asked if we are men and young women strive earnestlunch, and, after the introductions were made, we began to talk. I could morally clean, and we must be prely to have clean hands and a pure

pared to answer honestly in the afheart, that of be worthy they may tell friends imfavorably were my firmative. as having the promise given in the girl until this as been,pressed, I had

found a moment for telling a story, Failure to honor womanhood by psalm fulfilled, namely, "He shall recommitting the moral sin is a grave ceive the blessing from the Lord, andand the story was indecent and vulgar. Immediately an illusion I had mistake, second only to murder, we righteousness from the God of his

had about her was shattered, beare told. Our Savior tells us we may salvation."

cause she allowed her speech and thoughts to be contaminated. It was

the talk speech from given at the * Adapted depart6atf6 session afternoon, Conference, Sunday of Junement

June 12, 1955.

SEPTEMBER 1955 627 Recently I drove up to a traffic light parallel with another automobile, and inasmuch as it was a nice day, the windows were down, and I could hear the conversation. A

father was behind the wheel, and beside him was his young son.

The father was very patiently explaining to him the difference between the green light and the red light. I wondered at the time

whether it would not be fine if we could teach the youth of Zion in simple terms the difference between the green light and the red light.

I am grateful for what leaders of youth do; I am grateful for the example set. I cannot help reflecting

upon that as I think of the great

MIA theme selected for this year:

"... I am not ashamed of the gospel

of Christ: for it is the power of God

unto salvation to everyone that believeth;..."(Romans 1:16.) I think

we can be most effective in teaching this great gospel to the youth by that great power of example.

I have no fear for the youth so long as they have proper leadership in the organizations of the Church, and in the home, which is our basic institution. The Lord has established

through his wisdom such organizations as the Mutual where the young people can develop in a recreational, cultural, and spiritual way the talents with which they have been blessed.

We see constantly in the MIA the many talents displayed by these --Photo by Deserec NewsSalt Lake Telegram young people under able leadership and direction. June Conference crowd on Temple Square.

"You can preach a better sermon single glory to the eye an of God, qualify obligations, look duties our we and lips. yourwith your life than with

for the work. him is his true Church, as this to the Lord in the written is instructionPrecept faith, virtue, knowledge, temRemember

sand; the tide flows over it and the and he has not forsaken us but has perance, patience, brotherly kindness, godrecord is gone. Example is graven given the qualifications to us very liness, charity, humility, diligence.

on the rock, and the lesson is not explicitly in this section. shallAsk,beandopenedye shallunto receive;you. Amen.knock,(D.and& C.it

soon lost."(Channing.) The Lord revealed to the Prophet 4:1-7.)

Whatever parent gives his children Joseph Smith in February of 1829, as good instruction and sets them at the the Prophet declared to his father on What great spiritual refreshment same time a bad example may be that occasion, fourteen months bethere is in those few verses, and they considered as bringing them food in fore the Church was organized: are at our command constantly that

refresh might hearts in our we the other. and ourthe and poison one hand

about work is a marvelous behold, Now souls these characteristics true with forcible than is moreExample of men. the children preto forth among come

cept. People look at our actions six Therefore, O ye that embark in the servwhich will qualify us for service in

days in the week to see what our ice of God, see that ye serve him with all the kingdom of God, that we should that heart, might, and strength, mind serve I your seventh. him the But onwords mean

the before blameless stand God at ye may in officers mind, as andbelieve Mutual that we withstrength—notall our heart,with amight,halflast day.

exercising that power of example can Therefore, if ye have desires to serve God heart but with a full heart, with all enjoy seven Sabbaths a week. Much ye are called to the work; our heart, might, mind, and strength!

more gracious and profitable is docFor behold the field is white already to We cannot go into this work halftrine by example than by rule. harvest; and lo, he that thrusteth in his heartedly, because we know what the

Inasmuch as we are leaders, inasinsicklestorewiththathishemight,perisheththe samenot, butlayethbringup results will be.

much as we are desirous of knowing eth salvation to his soul; I stepped in an elevator last Januthe qualifications necessary to fulfil And faith, hope, charity and love, with ary with another gentlemen who had

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA things."(Johnson.) "Hope is like

the sun, which as we journey toward it casts the shadow of our burden behind us,"and we know as leaders that our path has burdens as we go QUALIFICATIONS forth to serve, but we look beyond that—we look to the light of the

Savior, and our shadows with those by Elder John Longden burdens are cast behind us. "Before FOR

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE you give up hope, turn back and read TWELVE the attacks that were made upon

Lincoln."(Bruce Barton.) LEADERS

Every good act is charity. Your

smiling in your brother's face is char- a package in his hand. I had an idea me last night?"And I said, "I don't ity. An exhortation of your fellow

about what was in it but asked that know what happened to you. What man to virtuous deeds is equal to

foolish question, "What have you was it?"And from his reflection I almsgiving. Your putting a wanderer

there?"He said, "Oh, I have one of knew it was something that had in the right road is charity. Your rethose new fishpoles.""Well,"I said, brought into his life great joy. He moving stones and thorns and other

"what's new about a fishpole?"I said, "I was just set apart as a counobstructions from the road is charity.

don't have an opportunity to go fishselor in a bishopric."And then in Your giving water to the thirsty is

ing very often any more. He said, brief he told me some of his life's charity. A man's true wealth here-

"This is one of those new glass fishstory. As a young non -member boy, after is the good he does in this

poles. The finest that money can when he became twelve years of age, world to his fellow man. When he

buy."I said, "This is only January. he attended the Mutual Improvement dies people will say, "What property

The season does not open until June. Association. He was getting interhas he left behind him?"But the

You are six months ahead."And he ested in the Church because he deangels will ask, "What good deeds

gave me a very significant reply. He sired baptism, but first solicited his has he sent before him?"Love looks

said, "But I want to be prepared."mother's consent. She, being a memthrough a telescope; envy through

"I want to be prepared."He was ber of another very prominent a microscope. "Love sought is good,

looking for that day when he could go church, said, "Son, promise me that but given unsought is better."(Shakeout and sit on the creek bank and you will wait until you are nineteen speare, Twelfth Night, Act IILSc. 1.)

probably use that new fishpole, and years of age before you join the MorThe cure for all the ills and wrongs,

I thought of the scripture, where the mon Church."the cares and sorrows, and the crimes

Savior said, "Come, follow me, and And so he promised her as a dutiof humanity all lie in that one word,

I will make you fishers of men. Take ful son, and those seven years slipped love. It is the divine vitality that

my yoke upon you: for my yoke is by pretty fast, and he had not everywhere produces and restores life.

easy and my burden is light."(See changed his mind. He had become To every one of us it gives the power

Matt. 4:19; 11:2930.) converted, more thoroughly convinced of working miracles, if we will.

We are fishers among the youth of that it was the Church of God emAnd there should be no one enteaching full of them helping by salvation.Zion, and the plan bodying

titled to greater or enabled work great these precept to his by andexample mother, said "Now, he Then of miracles leadership the than Muin Itruths, love Then our hearts. I be nineteen. with Mother, May am tual, for fully the understand you

qualifications these us of unto into Jesus the gave baptized Churchhe great as given two by commandments which are so necessary: "... faith, Christ of Latterday Saints?"and

Savior, first to love the God, and hope, charity, and love, with an eye she gave her consent. Then through

then to love our neighbor as ourqualify of glorysingle to the God, faithful the keeping combeing and selves. never know much how We

for (D. being C. 4:5.) Not the work."ashamed not and mandments &him

until loves one know we much how that glorification! Christ, offor the of gospel he Not Jesus had our own willing to suffer endure he is and

we might have praise at some MIA been recognized by inspiration, and us, and it is the suffering element thatfor procalled his bishopconvention him to serve had or some fine MIA measures love. The characters that

the in evening! the bishopric. But as a counselor on Sundaygram

important thing is that you have been Oh, what a fine missionary activity areactersgreatthatmustshallof benecessitywilling, bepatient,charthe instrument in the hands of the as well as a program for keeping our for others. and strong to endure "To

our natureLord in touching the heart of some own youth of Zion with their feet hold service willing in the only those firmly who planted in the pathway ofyouth of Zion—not of another is the divine idea of manalso but of the Church, righteousness!are members

of the and hood human character."

there under your income are many love, "faith, hope, charity Well, and Beecher.) (Henry Ward

struction nonmembers who are of glory to the eye single of with an Now we have the characteristicsthe Church. God,..."I wonder if we might

I thrilled just a few months ago as review a few thoughts by some which have been enumerated by the a young man came into my office prominent individuals on these four Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith, of and said, "Guess what happened to principles. Hope: "It is worth a virtue, knowledge, patience, temperAdapted from an address given at the Friday thousand pounds a year to have the ance, brotherly kindness, godliness,

afternoon general session of June Conference, June habit of looking on the bright side of (Continued on page 682)10, 1955.

SEPTEMBER 1955 629 PART 1 Solomon Mack

F. Bennett by Archibald

GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY and His Family SECRETARY,

Solomon Mack was a New Engtains of militia. One served in the lished families. Later this couple

land frontiersman, deserving of Michigan state legislature. Another moved to Lyme, Connecticut. Of

honorable remembrance. He was was the first white settler of Winnetheir twelve children the eighth was

a colonial pioneer, a patriot of the bago County, Illinois, noted as a Ebenezer Mack, born at Lyme, DeRevolution, and the patriarch of a trader among the Indians, and the cember 8, 1697. He married Hannah

notable posterity. husband of a daughter of a chief. A Huntley, at Lyme, April 30, 1728,

For eightyeight eventful years he granddaughter of Solomon Mack and to them were born nine children.

sought right manfully to do his part. became the wife of a judge and secSolomon Mack was their eldest son

He fought in two wars for family and retary of state in Michigan. Still and third child.

country and freedom. He carved with another was an early pioneer to Utah In the vital records of Lyme,

his ax home after home in the wilderand the progenitor of many wellConn., are these entries:

known families ness. among us. Two build helped roads and He Ebenezer Sarah) Mack (s. John &

grandchildren and fourteen bridges. mills and and dams He children b. (Vol. Dec. 8, 1697. L-2, 166.) p.

fought and traded and endured shipof Solomon Mack were baptized into wreck on the open seas. All of this the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterEbenezer Mack m. Hannah Hunthe accomplished, despite a succesday Saints, among them Joseph Smith, ley, both of Lyme, Apr. 30, 1728, by

sion of heartbreaking adversities Jr., its Prophet and founder, and his Rev. George Griswold. (Vol. 1, p. 35.)

that would have daunted a lesser brother Hyrum Smith, patriarch to Their children:

soul. Repeated disasters brought to the Church and a member of the

him not the bitterness of defeat but First Presidency. Deborah,Phebe, b.b. Jan.Sep. 20,16, 1728/9.1730.

the joy of an awakened faith. In SOLOMON, b. Sep. 15, 1732.

of Hannah, b. grandfather Oct. 15, 1734. Mack, Solomon, publishedthe to the world end he his John Samuel, b. 15, 1736. Nov. in Scotland, born was 6, of Marchtestimony the goodness of God. Hepzibah, b. 7, 1740. May

But his greatest contribution to 1653, and emigrated to America in Stephen, b. June 15, 1742.

Elisha, 16, 1745. b. July first 1669, settling at Salisbury, Massato hisAmerica mankind was and Azubah, b. 1748. 28, Nov. chusetts. married, April he There 5,family. blessed a wife with was He (Vol. 1, p. 35.)

of faith, exceptionally gifted and re1681, Sarah Bagley, of wellestab- fined, and of a worthy lineage. In Of the birthplace of Solomon Mack

their eight children they saw their one author has written:

own dominant qualities find noble aatBM<maa*giTHE REGION Of Charming old Lyme, mother of lawyers, enlargement. Their eldest son gave fram aar.rji1762 Mlaa In judges, statesmen, diplomats, and multimil-

his life to the ministry and to deeds lionaire financiers; separated from Saybrook

only by the width of the River, Connecticut charity.of Their second son was a

differently situated! but how higher On

colonizer,vigorous leader, a military fertile soil; and more in shut the from

and the founder of a great city. Two storms of the north and the piercing winds

other sons, in contrast, remained at of the east; exposed only on the southwest

home, citizens of honor and repute dians(that placedmysterioustheir quarter"happy huntingin whichgrounds,"the Inin their own communities. Two because only from heaven could come the

daughters grew to frail maturity, exsweet, lifegiving southwest breeze) and amples of faithful and loving devosettled by men and women of gentle birth tion, then early succumbed to disease, who, with their descendants, have helped firm in the hope of eternal life. A toNevermakedisturbedAmericaby notablethe noisein andthe turmoilworld!

third married and reared a family of factories... it remains an oldfashioned

in affluence, yet was quick to share gem in an oldfashioned setting.

her substance with the poor, and It is, perhaps, the only river town in the died beloved and mourned by them. Stateplace ofof Connecticut,residence, wherethat hasmentalremainedwealtha

The youngest child of the family was and breeding are more highly regarded

Lucy Mack Smith, mother of the latthan dollars and cents. Its only occupater-day Prophet. tion in the old days was the building and

Solomon's grandchildren carried the sailing of ships to the great markets of the occupation at once dignified and 1family banner to new heights. Several Site of the ambush and battle at Fort world.broadening.An

servedgrandsons in the War of Anne in 1758, where Solomon Mack narrowiGeorge S. Roberts: Historic Towns of the Concap- were colonels and1812. Some ly escaped. necticut River 57. Valley, p.

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Solomon's parents, Ebenezer and life, which it seems was occasioned by u

Hannah Mack, appear to have been scald that terminated in a severe fit of enterprising and prosperous. On 16 sickness.very kind Into theseme, hetrialsprocuredmy masterthe bestwas

April 1729 "Ebenezer Mack of Lyme"physicians & surgeons, and provided every paid 30 pounds to his older brother thing necessary for my comfort, all which,

Jonathan Mack for six acres near the as I suppose that he might again reap the it for although labour, benefit of was my dwelling house of Jonathan, which

I live; could not for a time that thought

land "my honored Father Mr. John yet my master never spoke to me of death,

Mack late of Lyme Deceased Gave to judgment or eternity, nor did he ever to ye sd Jonathan Mack."2 On March my recollection discover that he himself

... 14, 1730 he paid forty pounds to his had any idea that he was made to die.

wife's uncle, Lewis De Wolf, for 30 theSoonserviceafterofI myleft country,my master,underI enlistedthe comin acres in the Township of Lyme, to annexed Henry, and was of Capt. admand

joining Whiting. Col. Pond. 3 Norwich by a regiment commanded June 1730

was a busy month for Ebenezer. First I marched from Connecticut to Fort Edat battle fought there a severe was Sill paid he 250 Joseph for 70 wards; pounds 7

year 1755. in the brook, the half way

acres at a "Lying place commonly called four mile River."On the same It is to be noted that at the time of

day he sold to Joseph Sill for 300 his enlistment Solomon Mack was pounds 29 acres "together with my twentythree years of age. He always

Dwelling House Standing on sd stated he was born in 1735. It may

Land."4 On June 25, 1730 he sold be that the unkind master to whom

30 acres for 30 pounds to "Aaron he was apprenticed purposely conHuntly juner of Lyme afore sd being Scene of the battle before Ticonderoga in cealed the boy's true age, in order to my honoured Father in Law."On 1758 in which Solomon Mack participated. prolong the period of required service.

Jan. 2, 173031 he sold another 30 One thousand Connecticut volunacres to his fatherin-law for 60 depravity of the sons of men, my parents teers had joined the Colonial army

poor, years four and I was whenpounds. 5 became under the command of General (later

chilfive consisting family, of old, the then

Less than two years before the birth dren, were obliged to disperse and throw Sir) William Johnson for the attack of Solomon, Ebenezer, his father to be, themselves upon the mercy of an unfeeling on the French fort at Crown Point,

I evil to farmer a world. scouts out and Indian bound was Ghamplain. on Lakedeeded to his land children, in which

is in the too neighborhood. As commonly sent returned by to Canada Johnsonthe then child unborn to share. was case, slave rather as the considered a I was asthe that with French word were

instead of family, a the and, than member gift of from A deed to Ebenezer his Mack eight to sembling dethousand men privilege of of allowing the common me children. Ebenezer of for Mack divers Lyme

that outpost. fend council of In a proto hospitality, that claim kind a and causes good especially more for the Love

and affection that I bare to my Children tection due to the helpless and indigent war, August 22, 1755, it was decided

Phebey Mack and Deborah Mack and the children, I was treated by my master as that Johnson should send to the his mortal; fellow as property his not and of Rest the heirs body Lawfully beof my for colonies reinforcements. Before carevery to work, he taught was and me or gote begotten be of all may Body, my these could to be enlisted and sent little rest ful or that I should no have that of Tract in Lying Land aforeLyme

said it being butted and bounded as followfrom labour. He never taught me to read join the troops already in the field a

eth... along Aaron Huntley's Land... or spoke to me at all on the subject of re- "severe battle"was fought on Sept.

ligion. attention taken whole His was

.. across fourmile River near the great near the southern end of Lake of 8th, of things the pursuits the good on upHill southwestward great Hill along by.ye George. In a morning engagement object. this world; wealth his supreme was

... Lewis's LandJohn ye by... highway

60 acres. I give the said Tract of Land as I am afraid gold was his God, or rather he the French ambushed a strong party

in manner aforesd... and I the said Ebenenever conversed on any other subject, and of the colonial force, and scored a

I in the lived without say he must Godzer success. myself the Lawfull Mack Avouch Do Johnson's main force preall to not world, appearance and was God of the sdowner premises granted have and for defense. pared

his thoughts. inin myself in to dispose of the power same

I for lived this with (whose name, man is it aforesd to bemanner understood... Five hundred detailed were to men guard

I to proper reasons, think did not many saidthat ye Ebenezer Reserve Doth Mack flanks the of the rest camp. stood The lack- I of years until 21 age mention) was selfto of sd the use and Improvement him behind the lay or flat wagons the behind difficulty place took a ing months, 2 when life. 1730. his Dec. 16 duringland logs inverted and bateaux, the Massachusetts termimaster, between and which me my

right, the (signed) Ebenezer on Mack."the and men Connecticut men I, time. at that separation in nated our

left. the on Besides Indians, this actual

fulat his request returned however, and fighting force sixteen was is between and here described land unThe filed [sic] in conseindenture; the which seventeen rustics, hundred very of few whom I thatdoubtedly frequently abused, of had which Solomon being on quence

ever fire had been under before that morncustody, masters in indentures found my my was born.Mack ing. were their at They hardly posts when I afraid mistress burnt them. was and My to are a brief Fortunate have we they of ranks saw soldiers whitecoated suit of she against a them, commencing my

lifetime in moving road, his printed theautobiography down and bayonets that I told aside a such took was and me me to seemed them glittering innumerable behis Solomon unhappy Mack. Ofby totally I fool learn not could you. was we

the tween boughs. At the a time same Revelation; or any thing of Divinechildhood experiences, he wrote: ignorant

terrific burst rose along of warwhoops the I religion. christian to the appertaining

My parents had a large property, and lived was never taught even the principles of front; and, in the words of Pomeroy, "the

helterskelter, Indians, Canadians and the style; misfortunes,in good and from various felt obligation morality, and no common

full of them, came running with evils attendant thethe complicated more on to society. with... with regard I met many woods

Deeds, Vol. 2Lyme sore accidents during the years of my us,undauntedexpectingcourageto makerightus downflee."the* * hill* upon 5, p. 112. minority. sIbid., Vol. p. 63. 4,

BIbid., Vol. Vol. p. 368; 4,

5. "Ibid., Vol. 5, p. 5, p. 5. whichI hadhada terriblewell nighfeverprovedsore fatalon myto leg,my 7A Narrative ef(Continuedthe Life of Solomonon followingMack, pp.page)3-5.

SEPTEMBER 1955 631 men increased daily under the rains, frosts, to me in hand payed by Solomon

Solomon Mack and his Family and snows of a dreary November. On the Mack... one Certain Tract of Land

of Chandler, one chaplain (Continued from preceding page) twentysecond, of the Massachusetts regiments, in the and a Mansion House thereon, in the wrote

The regulars advanced with intrepidity interleaved almanac that served him as a Township of Lyme aforesaid."This

towards the camp where the trees were thin, diary: "The men just ready to mutiny. Some deed was dated October 18, 1756. 14

deployed, and fired by platoons, till Captain clubbed their firelocks and marched, but

Eyre, artillery, the opened who commanded night. back. returned rainy Very Miry I In the year 1757, mustered two teams

grape, their ranks, with on broke them and tents. in standing distresswater the Very in the service I King's for season. then one

fusilcompelled to cover. take them The sick."ing the time grew among The men to Stillwater went the General's bagwith

sides, lade general was both on and now off unruly, in and more and more went gage. I as to morning out One yoke went up

... furious. "It soon grew the most was leave. difficult squads without asking A usual, there three and found of were my awful eyes beheld,"ever day wrote my arose: question for stay should the Who missing, officer so oxen the that angry was

his to Surgeon wife; "there Williams seemed forts, to winter garrison the and new who his he to drew through; sword run but me to lightning nothing be thunder but and It should decided them? was command get immediately exclaimed, thee three out

... pillars perpetual of and smoke."that soldiers certain of a from number of I find; any accordingly you can which

It late. province assigned to this should singly be or each Johnson's was too men, did. with the Then I went baggage on

... service. dissoldiers ungrateful their in crossing squads, already small The were at and arrived Fort then Edward,

row of logs; and in a few moments the persed to their villages and farms, where turned back after my oxen; when II gotrewhole dashed forward with a shout, falling in blustering winter nights, by the blazing about half way I espied at about thirty

upon the enemy with hatchets and the logs of New England hearthstones, they rods distance, four Indians coming out of butts of their guns. The French and their told their friends and neighbors the story the woods with their tommahawks, scalpallies fled.8 of the campaign.12 ingknives and guns. I was alone, but

about twenty rods behind me there was

The captured French commander, It speaks well for the caliber of a man by the name of Webster. I saw no

Dieskau, had high praise for the conSolomon Mack that he was among other way to save myself only to deceive duct of the untrained colonial troops. those who reenlisted, under these disthem by stratagem—I exclaimed like this

on! rush on! Rush Boys, we'll Brave have

tressing conditions, for winter service. we'll the Devils! I the Devils! have had Of the provincial soldiers he remarked

soon after the battle that in the morning His new captain was Israel Putnam, no other weapon only a staff; but I ran

they fought like good boys, about noon like later of Revolutionary War fame. His towards them and the other man appearing

men, and in the afternoon like devils. lieutenant colonel was Nathan Whitin sight, gave them a terrible fright, and I

I saw them no but more, to say bound am ing. activities Their are well degrass the did not feet. grow under my killed, loss in English wounded, The scribed great historian, by the Park-

I hastened to Stillwater and found my 262 missingand and that was of the man: oxen; I the night same returned back 228. account, by theirFrench own through the alone; woods which about was

It was exactly two days after this Month after month the great continent seven miles, the next morning I was ready fight that Solomon Mack enlisted in lay wrapped in snow. Far along the edge to go on my journey again. From thence

of the western wilderness kept watch I men I went followed George. to Lake teamingConnecticut. Role Muster of Cap "A in and lonely ward blockhouses, or scoured the of the remainder season, but accident by

of the Harris Time CompanyJames forest the track the of on prowling I wartaken was with at small pox Albany.

Enlistment and Discharge"includes parties. The provincials in garrison at Forts entrusted a man to convey my teams toI

the name of "Solomon Mack, Time of Edward, William Henry, and Oswego Litchfield, and gave him 15 dollars for his dragged out the dreary winter; while bands services. instead But as of doing agreed, heEnlisting Sep. 10; Discharged Nov.

rangers, muffled England against of New he twenty went miles team, one & sold reenlisted. "io j-[e24 immediately the cold, piercing of fur their caps heads, on then short a left went distance and

"A Roole of Cap* Israel Putnames hatchets in their belts, and guns in their other. But after I regained my healththe

Company in Garrison att Fort Edmittened hands, glided on skates along the I went and bought them again and returned ward December ye 5th 1755"names gleaming icefloor of Lake George, to spy to Lime.

out the secrets of Ticonderoga, or seize some I after enlisted Soon under Major Spencer, those Mack, there "Solomonamong careless sentry to of tell them tidings the in 1758, over the Lakes.15 and went of Enlisting DisNov. 24;Time foe. 18

charged May 29."11

enlisted Solomon 5, Mack June As stated in his Narrative he This gives us the setting for Solo1758 for the of campaign 1758 in

Mack's brief that to words winfrom Connecticutmarched on Fort mon the Second Regiment, Third Comit. his part in ter campaign fourteenEdward, and miles south of where pany, under Major Joseph Spencer

battlethe of just fought. been had As East Haddam. discharged was He scout, a out I had been long on andthe in, reinforcements began to come 10 18, 1758. I November this In brief a cold sick, caught bad taken and was andthey themselves found troops among period so all rest of remained stirring winter, in the part he took the events. and

that were illclothed, illfed, disconin the spring 1756, I was carried to Albany tented, insubordinate, sickly; and in a 5 wagon, where at I saw hung men In the British June combined and provin-

". time. sick one biggest part the I remained.. most of them wore cial summer force which Abercrombie British (the 14 of the summer. to General)clothing lead against was and thin Ticonderoga but one had domesat was gathered of the head Lake George;tic blanket, half frozen they were in

illenlistment his expired His while while its lay at outlet Montcalm 12 aroundthe nights."chill autumn The exthe walls ness of the him, was French stronghold still upon and he (Ticonwas

pected followup attack on the dedischarged on May 29. "I went to deroga), with an army not onefourth so

...feated French did not materialize. Lime,"he wrote, "and purchased a numerous.

Yet the army lay more than a month farm."beatenHere, onDieskau,the groundwherewhereMontcalmJohnson hadhad

longer at the lake, while the disgust of the There is recorded at Lyme, Conn., planted his batteries, and Monro vainly

of ramparts Fort Wil- a deed from of defended the wooden Miller Nicodemus 8Francis Parkman:

316319.pp. (Continued to on page 663) Solomon Montcalm and Wolfe, Vol. I, Lyme Mack of s d Lyme 9lbid., p. 321.

FrenchIndian "Eighty of 17551757, Vol. I, Lawfull Pounds War Rolls, p. 44. for money Vol. Deeds, 14Lyme p. 505.

(Pub. by Connecticut Historical Society, The CollecNarrative 6-7. of Mack, 1BA Solomon9, pp.

tions, Vol. IX.) cit., op. "Parkman, Vol. 325327. FrenchIndian I, pp. Rolls, Vol. II, p. War 35; in Conn. Ibid., 79. p. II, Ibid., Vol. p. 36. Hist. Coll., Soc. Vol. X.

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Steffie's eautu Secret

by Lot ainc Lusk

Steffie and her little sister, Darlene, were playing school in their front yard. They had all their dolls

lined up in rows.

"Let me be the teacher,"Darlene begged, jumping up and down.

"No,"Steffie said. "I'll be the

teacher. I'm the older. You don't

even go to school yet."

Darlene started to pout. She had

big blue eyes, and her hair was golden and curly. She had beautiful dimples, too, like her mother. Everybody said that Steffie looked like

daddy.

Two women came out of the front door. They were Mother's friends.

They stopped and stared at Darlene the way everybody stares at her.

"What a beautiful child!"they said.

Twinks, the brown cocker spaniel barked at them as they closed the gate. Steffie ran over and picked

him up. "Stop it, Twinks,"she

scolded. "It's not polite to bark at

guests."From the other side of the big, high fence, Steffie heard one of the women say, "The older child is very oddlooking, isn't she?"

Steffie felt like crying. But Mother

had taught her not to be a cry baby. handing her a dustcloth. "You can Steffie clapped her hands. "Now

If you cry over every little thing, it's help me."I'll have a secret like Peter."

just like not doing your own arithmeSteffie dusted a book, slowly. Mother said. "You see how you

tic problems. You'll grow up not "Mother,"she said. "Do you think can make a beautiful girl ugly by

knowing the right answers. I'm oddlooking?"putting a cross look on her face? Now

Just then Mother called from the Mother looked up quickly. She come with me to the mirror."She

doorway, "Come in now, Darlene. It's laid down her dustcloth and put her took Steffie's hand and lead her over

time for your nap."arms around Steffie. "Why, no, to the big mirror in the front room.

Steffie sat on the porch, feeling very darling,"she said. "Daddy and I "Look into the mirror and smile,"

sad. Did the women say she was think you're beautiful."Mother said. "And here's a little

"Oh, Mother,"Steffie sighed. "If poem to help you remember that you"oddlooking"just because she had

a squashy nose and freckles and I could only be beautiful like Darlene must have a smile in your heart, too.

and the girls in my picture books."Recite it with me, Steffie."wasn't beautiful like Darlene?

Mother looked out of the window

Peter, the boy next door, stuck his for a long time. Then she said, Slowly, Steffie repeated:

over fence.head the threw a He dear. "Bring picture books, your me in smile heart "A mypaper into airplane the yard. "I'm get the desk."a pencil from Then me face smile on A mybuilding secret a rocket ship,"said. he Steffie the brought Mother book and the Helps world make let"But I'll you over help come and pencil. to picture the turned Mother beautiful place."Ame."

girl first of page. the the on She

"I don't feel like it, Peter,"Steffie drew a cross look on her face. "Why Steffie stared at herself in the mirsaid. She picked up her doll and Mother, she's ugly now!"Steffie ror. "Oh, Mother,"she said. "I

went into the house. said. "Why did you make her ugly?"don't need golden hair and big eyes

Mother was dusting the book- "Because I want to teach you a to be beautiful, do I?"

shelves. "Here, Steffie,"she said, beauty secret, Steffie,"Mother said. (Continued on page 660)

SEPTEMBER 1955 633 (lclivicaiiontit Sccievice IN. *. UTAH AND THE CHURCH

'Mr by Wayne B. Hales, Ph.D.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Luoma Photo

here does the American scientist male graduates of American instituthem of obscure standing. These

fi/i/ come from? Are there any greater tions of high learning between 1924 four, with their rank and production

number of scientists who are born and and 1934 continued to a doctoral level index, number for each thousand are:

receive their primary education in any and were listed ten years later (1944) jiven geographic area? Have a great in the seventh edition of American 2. California Institute of Technology

dumber a common background? These Men of Science. Of the top fifty in70.1 for each 1000

questions have been asked by restitutions listed, Utah State Agricul16. University of Chicago

searchers and by thinking men for tural College stood at the midpoint 39.9 for each 1000

ears. And while conclusive answers as twentyfifth with 33.4 each thou19. Johns Hopkins

are reserved by the future, some very sand, and Brigham Young University, 37.3 for each 1000

interesting studies have been made: thirtysecond in the list with 30.4 each 45. University of Wisconsin

A study entitled, "Origin of U.S. thousand. Reed College, Portland, 26.2 for each 1000

Scientists"by Herbert B. Goodrich, headed the list with 131.8 a thousand.

Robert H. Knapp, and George A. W. It is interesting to note that only Other studies in more specific fields

Boehm, appeared in the Scientific four widelyknown universities appear of science have been made and pubAmerican July 1951. This article dein the list and that the vast majority lished in national science journals. I

tails a study in which the number of are small liberal arts colleges, most of refer to one by M. H. Trythen of the

Office of Scientific Personnel, National Research Council, Washington,

D.C., entitled, "The Undergraduate

Origin of Physics Ph.D's 193645"

published in the Journal, American

Physics Teacher, 1946. This is a

study of the undergraduate preparation of 1266 doctorates of whom 1160 took their bachelor's degrees in physics from 306 colleges and universities in the United States and later received their Ph.D. degree in physics. Of the

top twentyfive universities listed in this study for the years 193645,

Brigham Young University appears twentieth in the list, between Princeton University and the University of

California at Los Angeles. The University of California (Berkeley) was

first with thirtyfive, Brigham Young

University was twentieth with 9.6 and

Cincinnati, twentyfifth with six.

In a paper by Dean Bernard C.

Murdock of Muskingum College. New

Concord, Ohio, and Professor Marsh

W. White of Pennsylvania State Col-

—Photos Courtesy Brigham Young University lege, entitled "Place of Birth and

Training of Physicists,"published in Physical Science Building, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, Wasatch Mountains in background. Physics Today, December 1950, a

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA study was made of the birthplaces and training of 1700 recipients of the

Ph.D. granted in physics according

to their birthplaces in the nine census divisions of the United States. The

Mountain States Division led the nation with 29.9 for each million of

1910 population. The Pacific States

Division came second with 21.1 for

each million.

Dr. A. G. Oblad, Director of

Chemical Research of Howdry Process Corporation of Marcus Hook,

Pennsylvania, a chemist of high standing in the United States, worked over this data by states and determined the number of physicists produced in this period for each million population. A group of Brigham Young University Physicists, Alumni, Staff, and Students, 1938.

According to his calculations, Utah Front row, left to right: McKay Alfred, B.S., Bureau of Standards; J. Vern Hales, Ph.D.,

stands first with 45.13 for each milsearch,chairman,Losdept.Alamos,of meteorology,New Mexico;UniversityRoland Perry,of Utah;Ph.D.,Georgechairman,A. Jarvis,dept.Ph.D.,of physics,AtomicUtahRelion, with Washington, D.C., second State Agricultural College.

left to right: Second row, assistant physics, Ph.D., Eastmond, professor of E. John million, 24.13 with for each and MonUniversity; Brigham Hales, B. professor Ph.D., of physics, Young Brigham Young Wayne

23.23 million. tana third with for each University; Fletcher, director, research Harvey Ph.D., Bell Laboratory, of now BYU The average of the states is 9.64 for ulty; Vern O. Knudsen, Ph.D., dean of graduate school, U.C.L.A.; Carl F. Eyring, Ph.D.faceach million. B.S.(deceased).USAF. Chairman, Physics Dept. 19241950, Brigham Young University; James McGuire,

Dr. Oblad wrote to the authors and Back row, left to right: Reed Biddulph, B.S., graduate student in photography; Henry

Nicholes, Ph.D., assistant professor, Brigham Young University; Arlo Richardson, M.S. and

asked them for an explanation of this R. Clark Neilson, B.S., forecasters, US Weather Bureau; Waldo Hodson, M.S., Research

great spread between Utah and the Laboratories; Reid Gardner, B.S. and Lewis Ludlow, B.S., forecasters, US Weather Bureau;

next closest competitor. Professor Maurice B. Hall, Ph.D., research staff, Dupont Laboratories.

White answered Dr. Oblad as follows:

have been granted Ph.D. degrees in Latterday Saints by both Church and

It has long been known that Utah has physics and thirteen others are candinon-church writers.

unusually an produced large number of dates for this high degree at the presThe authors continue: "The first of I believe of population. physicists per unit

that this situation can be traced directly ent time in eastern and western graduthe recent nongovernmental evidences to a few specific causes. A major one is the ate institutions. Of course a list of here to be cited comes from a book

fact that physics established an early and Utah born and trained scientists who titled Education—America's Magic by

in this state strange beginning as a result are nonphysicists who have attended Dr. Raymond M. Hughes, president

of the activities energy of Dr. and Harvey

Fletcher. Under his leadership several outBrigham Young University or the emeritus of Iowa State College, and

standing physicists were trained, among other Utah universities would conWilliam H. Lancelot, professor of vothem Vern O. Knudsen, Carl F. Eyring, and tain many illustrious names. cational education at Iowa State Col-

A. Olpin. Apparently unusual support Ray lege. this published book and From Fletcher Dr. the writer asked When

to training given in physicswas by copyright State College the by Iowa for standthe high he accounted Utah how universities. colleges and

ing in quantity and quality of Utah Press at Ames, Iowa, in 1946, we

...: The work and inspiration initiated trained scientists, he modestly replied, quote

by Dr. Harvey Fletcher is further in- "It is in the tradition and philosophy 'Utah easily outclasses all other

in states overall performance in eduprepare the people to themLDS dicated of physicists in of group by the "2 cation.'of selves in for leadership every field II.Figure Vern O. KnudOf these,

sen, Carl F. Eyring, Milton Marshall, thought and action. Motivated by Prior to that, the authors had in-

A. Ray Olpin, and Wayne B. Hales, these principles they have sought for cluded this significant quotation:

all Ph.D.'s in physics, were students scholarship and efficient service in all "This appears to be due almost

of Harvey Fletcher while he was proprofessions."wholly to the high value placed on

fessor of physics at Brigham Young In July 1947 the late Dr. John A. education by the people of Utah,

University during the years 1911Widtsoe and Richard L. Evans wrote coupled with high efficiency in the

1916. Of the others in this figure, six an article titled, "The Education Level expenditure of funds devoted to school

have since received Ph.D.'s, four of the Latterday Saints,"which was purposes. Indeed, this combination

M.S.'s and four B.S. degrees. At the published in The Improvement Era. of great effort and high efficiency in

present time, they are all holding leadIn that article the authors stated: the utilization of school funds seems

ing positions in universities, govern- "To seek knowledge and convert it to have operated in a remarkable the overcome manner to handicap of into religion is a part of the wisdom industrialment scientific bureaus, and 3 ability."low Saints. the exrelatively Latterday This laboratories. the ofresearch During

twentyyear period from 19331953, plains their remarkable educational Richard T. Wootton, former corone hundred twenty have taken a history and present standing."1 responding secretary of Statecraft Inbachelor's degree, and twentyfive a There then follows an analysis ot stitute and now a supervisor of

master's degree in physics at Brigham the history of achievement among (Continued on page 674)

Magic, p. 41. Education—America'sYoung University. Of these, eighteen Wol. 50 (July 1947) pp. 444447. sIdem, pp. 4041.

SEPTEMBER 1955 635 THE TINY VOICE

by Arlene Hale

ing that promotion so badly that it He skimmed down the list quickly.

hurt. He saw Ed's name there, Bert Ellis',

It wasn't always easy to do. He and a couple of the other fellows in

was sick to death of saying "Yes, Ed,"the office.

or "I'm sure you're right, Ed."There "Looks okay to me,"he told her.

was a tiny voice inside that begged "Does it seem like five years to you?"

to be heard, yearned to scream an She laughed. "Like yesterday. The

objection, to argue, and at least try honeymoon has never ended, and I'm for recognition. He kept pushing it glad."

back, forcing himself to do the work She was full of plans for the party the boss'way. that was scheduled for next week.

Mitch turned back to his drawing He tried to follow her train of

Surprised, he found his wife, Anne, waitboard. The plans for the last job thought. His mind kept going back

ing for him.

were all but completed. This mornto the office. The hour soon passed,

ing he would finish them. He and Anne left him, murmuring someMitchell Sherwood straightened looked again at the closed door and thing about finishing her shopping.

the objects on his desk methodiwondered. Back at the office Mitch found Bert

cally, glancing now and then at Noon came, and Mitch hurried out there ahead of him. The boss'door

the closed door to his boss'office. of the building, anxious to get away. was still closed.

Lyle Gordon had disappeared in Surprised, he found his wife, Anne, "Are they still at it?"Mitch asked.

there half an hour ago. When Lyle waiting for him. "I guess so,"Bert answered. "Must

Gordon came around, it meant just "Hi,"she said. be some building!"

one thing-—a big deal was brewing. She looked pert and happy. Seeing It was just a few minutes later that

Mitchell squirmed uneasily in his her lifted a little of the uneasiness the door opened. Mitch jumped at

chair and glanced across the room to from his shoulders. the sound. He looked up. Ed mowhere Bert Ellis bent over his draw- "What are you doing downtown? tioned for him. He pushed back his

ing board. Going to lunch with me?"chair hastily, touched his tie to see

"Looks like the boss is lining up "Sure I am,"she said gaily. "I'm whether it was straight, and hurried

something new,"Mitch said, nodding starved. I've been shopping all morninside.

his head towards the closed door. ing for the party."He shook hands with Lyle Gordon

Bert replied, "Wonder what he's "Party? What party?"and listened as Ed gave him a brief

got cooking now?""Mitch! Where were you last night rundown on the building they had in

"With Lyle Gordon it can be anywhen we decided we would have an mind.

thing from a bungalow to a factory a anniversary party?"

block long and a block wide.""Oh, yes! That's right.""I want a firstclass job,"Lyle Gordon said. "The best. Ed says you'll Mitch chewed his lips and tapped "Is something wrong, Mitch?"

his fingers nervously on the desk top. Anne asked anxiously. "You've be in charge."

Which one would the boss put in seemed so preoccupied lately."Mitch felt his scalp tingle. He'd

charge this time, Bert or himself? One "Well, I guess it's just that I'm a got it! If he could do it well enough

of them was going to get a promotion, little anxious about the promotion. to please both Gordon and Ed, he

and Bert as well as Mitch knew that Do you think I'll get it?"he asked. might be one step closer to the prohow they handled each job decided "Ed Bryant will be crazy if he motion.

the lucky man. Each job either doesn't give it to you. You're the Inside of ten minutes, he was deep

pulled them up a notch higher or best architect I know, besides the in the plans, discussing materials and dropped them down. cutest."design. Whenever Ed suggested someIt was like their boss, Ed Bryant, to He grinned at her. She never thing, Mitch was careful to agree, to

keep them both dangling. He was failed to give him a boost. It was go along wholeheartedly with his

a man who did just as he pleased. just this "Yes"business that bothered ideas.

No one pushed or hurried him or him. He hadn't told Anne that part It was nearly quitting time before

changed his mind once it was set. of it, and he didn't want to. He the conference broke up. Mitch was

A year ago when Mitch had first wasn't very proud of it. tired when he went back to his desk.

started working for Ed he'd been inThey found a table in the cafe on He felt irritable though he knew he clined to speak his mind, disagreeing the corner and ordered. should be elated. It wasn't every

with Ed if necessary to put across his "I've made out a list of guests,"young architect that had a job like ideas. Any more, since talk of a Anne was saying. "I wish you'd go this tossed in his lap.

promotion had reached his ears, he over it and see if I've forgotten anyIt was that, "Yes, Ed,"and "Sure, hung back, anxious to please, wantone."Ed,"business that was getting him

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA down. The job was one right out "Lyle Gordon! Honey, that's won- "Just fooling around with some new

of the dream book. What he could derful."ideas,"he told her.

do with it if he really knuckled down! "Sure, I suppose it is. See you It was very late when he finally

He could draw up some of those new soon."quit and went to bed. Seeing these

ideas he'd been playing with; he could He closed the office and tried to put new, bold ideas take form compenbuild the most modern and efficient the job out of his mind. He had a sated for those lifeless, stilted ones

building in the city. He slid his good start on it already. It was the he'd drawn that afternoon; it helped

thoughts to a stop. kind of work Ed would like. To him somehow to still that tiny voice inIt was no use. It was either Ed's it was dull, lacking life and originalside.

way and a promotion or his way and ity. Lyle Gordon wanted the finished

losing the job altogether and seeing "You look tired, Mitch,"Anne said, drawings done in a week's time. Mitch

it turned over to Bert Ellis. He when he reached home. worked hard on them all day long at

to start office, as wellsighed. the at night but might he on worked He

is job always tough to get "A new his in ideas wasting, at and the was it. Timework on home own den. He rolling,"her. told he

Lyle Gordon wasn't a man that liked didn't know why he kept at them to be kept waiting. It was later in the evening, his every night except that it relaxed him

He worked late. When the phone mind still on the new job, when he and served as a kind of balm to the

went to his small den where he had a raw edges that the day had cut inrang on his desk, he knew instantly drawing board. He used it mostly him.that it was Anne.

pleasure, designs, for original drawing the soon drawwas up on Time "Hello,"answered. he paper. abstract putting ideas on some ings, their the party day same was "Hi, Aren't coming honey. you really he would knew how He like scheduled.

five after or decided have youhome building. to Lyle Gordon's He'd do totied get won't up "I hope you tired of thatyears you're me?"to for build the aching chance been left night,"said he Anne when

He laughed in spite of himself. such a place. He sharpened some the office. "The party won't startfor

"I'll be there in half an hour."pencils, thumbtacked the paper to the until eight, but I'll need some help

"What's keeping you so late?"she board, and began. before then."

asked. "Did you bring your work home?""I'll do my best to get home early,"

"Lyle Gordon dropped a big job Anne asked from the doorway. he promised her.

in our laps. It's my baby."He turned around. (Concluded on page 672)

Whenever Ed suggested something, Mitch was careful to agree, to go along wholeheartedly with his ideas.

SEPTEMBER 1955 637 skinned princess exiled by Montezuma, a member of the imperial house."3 The same author wrote: m.Mmm

:.::.-...:.; The white Indians of Venezuela, who still

exist, are mentioned in the chronicles of the Spanish conquerors, and the Boroanos

Indians on the Rio Imperial of Chile were known to the conquistadores as "white Indians."4

Francisco Pizarro and those who assisted him in the conquest of Peru were surprised to find that many of the Indians of that land, especially those of the ruling class, were white and remarkably beautiful. In speaking of the Spanish conquistadores,

Herrmann wrote:

... They were most deeply impressed,

however, by the large number of fair and whiteskinned people they met amongst the

Inca Ayllus, the Peruvian aristocracy. In

particular, the coyas, the ladies of the great

Inca families, seem in many cases to have looked exactly like European women.

Pedro Pizarro, a cousin of the conqueror of Peru, writes of them with positive consternation in his Story of the Discovery and

Conquest of Peru. These princesses were

neat and clean, stately, and beautiful to behold, he reports. They considered themselves wellformed, and were so in fact.

"These people are cornblond,"continues

Pizarro. "Some of the ladies and gentlemen

were actually whiter than Spaniards. I saw

one woman with her child here of a whiteness such as is seldom seen. The Indians

believe such people to be children of the 5 Louisa Blue, a white, fullblooded Catawba Indian, with her daughterin- idolos, the gods."

law, Sister Arnold Blue. Louisa is wife of the Catawba chief.

When one recalls the splendor of the nobility of the Spanish court at the time of Charles V and Philip II the ideals of beauty as depicted Archaeology and in Spanish paintings of that period,

it Pizarro's conis evident that Pedro differ little ception of beauty would and the BOOK OF MORMON if any from ours.

by President Milton R. Hunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY... At all events, the haughty grandees of

Castile, so proud of their noble birth, marPart V riedbers, theregardingblond Incathemprincessesas their equalsin largein numbirth

White Indians—continued tiesand presentingat court inthemMadrid.to theirTwoSpanishgenerationsMajeslater, in 1603, a petition for tax relief signed

THE LAST, issue of THE IMPROVEred, bronze, or darkercolored Inby 567 representatives of old Inca families

INMENT Era (August, 1955), White dians. was presented to the crown of Spain. This volumes—and in favor of Pedro Indians were discussed, showing This article will present considerspeaksPizarro. 8

that the first white men who conably more evidence, showing that "in tacted various Indian tribes reported many parts of the New World there The Catholic missionaries who visthe discovery of certain numbers of are white Indians...."* ited Peru during the colonial period

white Indians among their darkerPaul Herrmann, a German scholar, were amazed at the many similarities skinned contemporaries. The writer described the famous Dona Marina, of the Indians'religious beliefs and

concluded that the Nephites of Book who for many years was Fernando Christianity; for example, they found

of Mormon days could have been at Cortes'"... truest comrade and the symbols of the Trinity before Peruleast partially responsible for the only trustworthy companion of his vian altars, a rainbow legend, and a

white Indians and that the Lamanites triumphant life,"2 as "... a light -

of the same historical period consti1Paul Herrmann, Conquest by Man (New York, mid.,mid., p-p- 166.175.

tuted the primary progenitors of the 1954),Vbid.,p. p.175.167. mid.,mid., p-p- 184.185.

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA flood story. 7 Paul Herrmann conin everything because they said they were groups have been encountered north

.n of the Mexican border also; for excludes that the latter two "... might Guastecas;..

of came early the straight ample, Book explorers whohave from the come It is apparent from Sahagun's Padre 8 of coast did, to the northwesternGenesis."but by sea They probably description these Indians that white

not directly through the Spanish retained many of the characteristics North America described in their

Catholic missionaries. Their origin of their ancestors—-the Nephites journals the skin color of many of the

would date back probably more than who were throughout most of their Indians whom they visited as being a thousand years prior to the dishistory "... white, and exceedingly as white as the skin color of the

covery of America. When one recalls fair and delightsome,"12 being a suaverage native of Europe. Since many

of the present day Indians have mixthe fact that the Nephites—the anperior, intelligent, industrious, moral,

tures of white blood, it is a significestors of the white Indians of Peru—and godfearing people; 13 while their

early these voyagers—fact that cant Platespossessed Brass conthe which darkerskinned Labrethren—the of explorers Cen-. like and Mexico other thetained Old Genesis and idle people, manites—"were an...

'tribes Indian many part to including booksTestament 14 and America—sawthe "... tral full of subtlety,"mischief and 9 to interopportunity they before had as writings, the asof well Jeremiah's ferocious, a bloodwild and and

gospel of Jesus Christ which they had thirsty people, full of idolatry and marry with white people from the.Old

the Cook, \ Captain World. James lips of the directly thereceived 15 from filthiness,"delighting in wars and

\ in of discoverer 1784 European 10 it to acSavior,resurrected is easy of their bloodshed, and during much

Indians on the Nootka who lived the fact that evencount for before history of Book of Mormon days, havthe

Island, side of Vancouver re- f ocean influenced missionariesCatholic had their thinking, the Indians of Peru corded in his fournal regarding the V possessed religious teachings which natives who were not covered with reminded the padres of similar docred paint that trine found in the Bible.

... the whiteness of their skin appeared

Not only did the historians and almost equal to that of Europeans; though

Spanish missionaries report discoveries rather of that pale effete cast which disthose nations. of our southernof white Indians in Peru and other tinguished

skins whose had never The children

South American countries, but also stained with paint, also equalled oursbeenin

Catholic missionaries and explorers of whiteness. 18

the colonial period noted in their journals that they, too, had visited Later in his journal, Captain Cook white Indians in Central and North described the Indian tribes which he

America; for example, the eminent met in Prince William's Sound,

Parde Bernardino de Sahagun, born Alaska, as follows:

in Spain (1499) and a missionary in

Mexico among the Indians from 1529 The complexion of some of the women and of the children is white, but without to 1590, wrote an important and some of red. 19 any mixture

scholarly work entitled History of the

Things of New Spain, which is acChief S. T. Blue and his wife, Louisa. Captain G. Dixon visited the northcredited as being among the most rewestern Pacific Coast (17851788)

hatred against the a burning reports ing comprehensiveliable and the following statement reand made 10 Nephites. ancients of Middle theconcerning Indians: the garding

America. He described the Huastecas In 16961697 A.D. Padre Andres de

(Guastecas), a Mayaspeaking peoAvendano y Loyola, a noble Catholic In regards to their complexion, it is not ple who lived on the lowlands of priest, visited a surviving remnant of easy to determine what cast that is; but if

northern Vera Cruz and the adjacent the former inhabitants of Chichen I may judge from the few people I saw foothills of San Luis Potosi, as a Itza at Tayasal, on an island in the tolerably clean, these Indians are very little white people. To quote: Lake Peten, Guatemala. He described darker than the Europeans in general.20

the skin color of those people as fol- '

Captain In 1798, George Van-

'lows: white are women, and of them, All men principal the couver, honor in whose faces wellporportioned of and good and like and, wellfeatured are Ytzeas These as! described island has been named, is very their language features; goodand all complexion of a light nearly mestizoes,

central [of others the the Indians the the along follows hedifferent from saw stature, of perfect natural and of very and of Mexico], gulfcoast northern 17 andmesa of in the the heart Channel Burke gifts.

.,. expert good are and very they And coast: northwestern

gracefully and of dance officers they song;

with beautiful movements. Not only were white Indians found

of their countenances and prominence The of various the south Rio Grande, but the because breeding, lived in good These

, of features their regularity the the resembled they mantles; clothes good and wore las de'"Historia 1:1Sahagun, demen Cosas Espana,"Nueva

it [If; for all Europeans. not northern were Sec. 7, cited Libro 29, Capitula in Milton Novend, R. shoes, jewels the beads around andwear

... is Ferguson, oil Ancient and America Hunter paint] reason great there Thomas the and

feathers fans they have and andneck and Calif., the (Oakland, 1950). Book and of MormonStuart their that to believe colour have would 247. p. are curiously theyamulets shaved. and They

little 5:21. 2 Nephi differed of laboring but such from the

at their mirrors themselves in look and 5:9-20.

, (Continued Ibid.,uIbid., 5:24. page on 654) skirts elegant painted and put onwomen

1:20. 15Enos

Cook, and blouses. They are polished and expert Voyage lsJames A 1(SJacob 7:24. to the Pacific Ocean (Lonvol. p.'303. 1784), 2, 17Andres de Avendano y Loyola, Relation de las don,

'Ibid., pp. 184187. dos Entradas que hize a Peten Ytza (1697), Eng. tr. Ibid., p. 367.,

sIbid., p. 186. by Philip Ainsworth Means,, cited in Means, History 20G. Dixon,;,A?0%yage Round the World, but more

"Iw3 NephiNephi, 5:1014.Chapters 1128. ofYork,the 1917),Conquestp. 22.bf Yucatan and of the Itzas (New Performed'Particularly in'178588,$fj". the North(London,West1789),Coastp. 238.of America

SEPTEMBER 1955 639

Itfe'te &rtiw to a

lipUT thirtyfive miles from the city sands of tourists coming yearly to the and its purposes, we perhaps should

Ipf Honolulu, on the southwestern islands from all over the world. The learn a little of the history of Laie.

lip of Oahu, lies the small Church hukilau is associated with fishing, Laie consists of 6,500 acres of land "of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints feasting, sightseeing, Hawaiian and which the Church purchased in the settlement of Laie. (Lahee-eh). Samoan entertainment, and other year 1865, for the sum of $256,000

In this community was born the festivities. Hukilau in the Hawaiian for the purpose of building a gather-

"hukilau"(whokey-lahoo), which language means the pulling in of the ing place for the members of the has grown in the past seven years, to fish nets, huki meaning pull, and Church in Hawaii. As a source of

become worldfamous and capture the lau meaning net. income, the Church built a sugar

eyes, fancy, and imagination of thouBut to appreciate fully the hukilau cane plantation, which they later

...........

tourist a glimpse of everyday. life in Samoa, as anBrother Kepa Kaahawaii, an oldtimer m Laie i4: 'This picture.;............ gives to the

shown here depicting the method of* pounding the taro other part of the Hukilau entertainment. These Samoan brethren are preparing

root into Poi, with a heavy rock. supper, as they do it in Samoa.

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Skull Valley, Utah, where they strugas a benefit, and that tickets be sold gled and endured many hardships unamong their own people and folk der the blazing summer sun and from the neighboring communities.

freezing winters for fortyeight years This affair proved tremendously sucso they could be near the headquarcessful, epecially so when several ters of the Church. After the Church hundred tourists visited this activity

purchased Laie, the General Authoriwhen they unexpectedly came across ties offered these brave Hawaiians it while touring the island. Thus

free passage home so they could build was born the idea of entertaining the area and the land of Laie for tourists monthly, with the assistance themselves and more important beof the Hawaii Visitors Bureau and its cause a temple was to be erected advertisements. From this source of

there. revenue came the major portion of the

Outstanding in Laie for threequar- money needed for the chapel. Conters of a century was the old chapel tributions pledged by each family, and

which stood originally where the temmoney derived through the process ple now is. To make room for the of benefit concerts and dances, enconstruction of the temple, the chapel abled Laie to contribute $10,000 in

was moved to a new location not very addition to the $40,000 profit that was far from its original site. The people realized through the medium of the

loved this old building very much, hukilau. Besides raising the money

and affectionately named in hemolele, for the chapel, the folk of Laie did meaning holy place. This beloved the actual labor in constructing the

picture This shows the Hawaiian show chapel unfortunately burned down in beautiful building that they are now progress. in grandmother Hawaiian The

dance is now in progress. 1 940. When the firemen arrived from enjoying. All of the labor in the

the nearest fire station some fortyconstruction of the hukilau site was five miles away, the building was aldonated by the people of Laie; this

ready completely in ashes. The Saints included the dining rooms, entertainby Jack Uale stood by helplessly and wept unment stage, the Hawaiian village, SaSTUDENT AT UNIVERSITY OF UTAH ashamedly. moan village, concession booths, naAlmost immediately the people betive curios, boat and nets used in the

gan planning ways and means of fishing, and the pits in which to roast raising money for a new chapel when the hogs. Painters, plumbers, carleased in 1930 to the present Kahuku suddenly Pearl Harbor was attacked. penters, common laborers, students,

Plantation Company. Laie is presThis, of course, stopped everything, farmers, housewives, servicemen, and

ently the site of the Hawaiian Temand the communitv of Laie had to many others from the community all ple, which is one of the highlights content itself with holding Sunday had a hand in this project.

of a tourist visit today. services in a recreational hall for the At the dedication of the newly comThe colony grew steadily from a next nine years. pleted edifice in 1950, there were 1300

mere handful of about eighty native In 1947, a committee headed by people from all over the Hawaiian

Hawaiians to a population today of Bishop Poi Kekauoha began in earnest Islands present, including officers 1350. The settlers in Laie consisted to raise money for a new chapel. It from the Church headquarters in Salt

mostly of Hawaiians repatriated from was decided that a hukilau be staged (Continued on page 681)

The "hukilau"Floor show consists of a 45minute Hawaiian Part of the tremendous group of tourists, enjoying a regular entertainment and a 45minute Samoan entertainment. Here is Hawaiian feast at the "hukilau"site. The tables are beautifully

pictured the young Samoan brethren and sisters dancing. decorated with flowers as well as food.

SEPTEMBER 1955 641 Alexis De Toquerville, the French philosopher, writes: "I sought for

the greatness and the genius of

America in her ample rivers—it was

fields there; and in her fertile not Spiritualized Scouting

prairies, not was and it boundless there; in her rich mines and her vast

world commerce, and it was not there. by Elbert R. Curtis

Not until I went into the churches of

America and heard her pulpits ablaze GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT, YMMIA with righteousness did I meet the secret of her genius and power.

America is great because she is good, whole essence of the program will be a good neighborhood for my boy unand if America ever ceases to be found right there. less it was a good community for

good—America will cease to be great."The first words children learn my neighbor's boy. We need to reach

I think all of us thrill to the spiritaround the home are: "No,""I don't out and bring more of them in and

ual awakening that has come to our want to,""I won't."Ever hear these expose them to this scouting program.

land. In the last presidential camwords? This scouting program isn't Boys don't want to miss it; they love

paign both candidates quoted from a plan of do or don't or of must or it. There is a way to reach their

the scriptures, referred to the word of must not. Scouting is positive. Scouthearts, and to shape their lives. The

God, invoked the blessings of the Aling is trustworthy, is loyal, is helpful, facets of scouting provide that way.

mighty. It thrills me to read that friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, Don't let them miss it.

when the President of these United cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean. A I have always enjoyed the story

States calls his cabinet members toScout is reverent, and those are the of the mother who visited her son gether, the meetings are opened with qualities of good character. When in his dormitory. She was shocked

prayer. I thrilled anew, and I am you find a man or boy who possesses and disappointed to find on the walls,

sure you did also, as I learned of the them, I will show you an individual pinups, cartoons of fan dancers, and change in the wording of the pledge of character. the like; but she was a wise mother,

of allegiance to our flag now inThis old world of ours needs more and she did not say anything. She

corporating the words "under God."men of character. It has been sufferwent home, bought a beautiful picIt looks as if at long last we may be ing from lack of confidence, from ture of the Savior, wrapped it with

returning to the thought found on wishwashy thinking. Democracy has loving care and sent it to her son.

all of our coins, "In God we trust,"suffered in the world from lack of He wanted to hang the picture on realize to are that coming and we fit. it just didn't wall, but integrity. He confidence to the and We used

is that our Father our and that God there, tried it it here, tried he and as his say of a man, is as good "He fellow men are our brothers. word,"or "his word is as good as his but it was out of place. Do you

Scout leaders get all mixed up somebond."We haven't heard much of know what he did? He pulled down

times in knottying, hiking, camping, that lately; there has been too much the pinups, and he hung this glorious

and cooking, and overlook the great double talk—too much double dealpainting before him. Let's get this

objectives of this Godinspired proing. Further, I think that as we give program with all its beauty before the

gram. I think I can best illustrate all this talk which flows so easy about boys. They'll take it, and they'll

those objectives by this little fable freedom, we need to emphasize that weed out the other things, and you that I love. with the blessings of freedom and the won't need to worry about them.

An ancient king said to his servants, freedom of choice, comes the responScouters, parents, lovers of boys:

"Make me a man."Anxious to please sibility for choices that are made. we have a sacred obligation to prothe monarch, they went out, employed Freedom to choose, yes, but liability vide program and leadership for these

the best artisans of the land and for the choice we make! I think we choice spirits, the youth of America.

carved from wood a*man. The king need to teach that it is false philosWe need support from every area.

wouldn't have it., "No!"he said, ophy to feel that there is an absence This program has everything to offer

"Make me a man."They tried with of any personal liability for an indiif we present it in the right way.

clay; they tried with'stone, and with vidual's conduct. The person who "How much is a boy worth?"How

oils on canvas. Nothing pleased him, violates the law is responsible. The much is he worth? It is said that

and finally in desperation they found man who pulls the trigger must anthis generation knows the price of one of the dregs of humanity in the swer for it, and this.tendency in the everything, the value of nothing, but

gutter, a tramp—and they bathed world to excuse, to place the blame whether you call it price or value,

him, clothed him, fed him, and on surroundings, lack of parental what is the worth of a boy? In the

brought him before the king. The love, slums, comic books, juke boxes, next few minutes I would like to

king was highly pleased and said, on anything but the individual, is answer this question and use this il- "Next in importance to the God who leading us down the trail. We need lustration.

creates is the man who saves."to emphasize that each individual is It is said that the man who inThat's scouting! To make of these responsible to himself, to society, and vented the game of chess presented it

boys men—men of God, men of to God for his own activities. I am to an Oriental monarch. The moncharacter, sterling character! The grateful that scouting teaches these arch was greatly pleased and wanted

*Adapted from an address presented at the Annual characterbuilding traits. to reward him and said, "Ask for

Laymen's Conference, Region XI Boy Scouts of I have always felt that it was not whatever you will, it shall be yours."America.

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The man was crafty, and he said, boys? It has this to do with boys. proved conclusively that corrupt

"Your highness, will you put one Statisticians tell us that the average homes produce criminal offspring.

grain of wheat on the first square of man will have 3.7 children. Let us As homes deteriorate, as parents bemy chess board, two on the next, say we do a little better than that come more and more indifferent, their

double it on the next, double it on the and give him credit for four. It means children tend to become more and

next, and double it until you have it that by the fourth generation a man more delinquent.

doubled sixtyfour times. That shall will have 256 direct descendants, and Now I ask you to think of the

be my reward."The monarch by adding the other three intervening story of the monarch and the wheat,

thought, "You foolish man."So he generations he will have a grand total and consider this question. "If you

told his prime minister to take his of 340 direct descendants. At the end lose a boy this year, how many have

bag and shovel and get the fellow of ten generations he will have over you lost a hundred years from now?

some wheat. In an hour or so the one million descendants. It presents a black picture. But the

prime minister came back pale and Among human beings, like begets coin has another side, and this is as trembling and said, "Your highness, like, and quadruples itself every genencouraging as the other one is disdo you know what you have given eration. There are exceptions, but couraging. The general rule is that

away? You have given away over the general rule is that delinquency righteous parents produce offspring

one sextillion grains,"whatever that begets delinquency, crime expands its in their own image, and the cycle of is (it is represented by a 1 and 19 own evil influence in an everwiden- goodness will increase with each digits following it). It represents ing sweep with each succeeding gengeneration in an everwidening beneover ten trillion bushels of wheat, eration. Recent figures tell us that diction to humanity.

which would cover fiftytwo cubic crime in America in 1953 increased When we save a boy, we probably miles, and there are not enough granfive percent faster than population. are helping to save his future wife,

aries in all the world to hold it. The results of a crime survey conhis future children, his future grandWhat does that have to do with ducted bv the Harvard Law School children, and so on, generation after

generation. It is said that the child

is the father of a man. This means

that a delinquent child grows into a delinquent parent who produces delinquent children, who grow into delinquent parents, and you are in a vicious cycle.

Most things are easy to talk about, but what should be done about it?

Consider the child from a delinquent or indifferent parent. You can't

satisfy yourself by saying that the child is the sole responsibility of the parent. Can you sleep nights with

that philosophy? Of course he is,

but supposing the parent is not assuming his responsibility. If he were,

the child wouldn't be delinquent. We

in scouting must step in and provide for that child the love, the friendship, the guidance that he would have had if his parents had been doing their duty, and only in that way can we cut through that vicious cycle. To

do it is worth all of the effort, and all of the means, and all that is put into it.

How much is a boy worth? More

than anything else in the world. The

Master of the world said, "For what doth it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul?"(See Matt. 16:26; Mark 8:36.)

That soul you talk about could be your own boy or your own grandchild unless we make available the things we are discussing. Yes, the

scouting effort makes sense, and it is worth following. This scouting

—Photo by Harold M. Lambert program brings into a boy's life a

How much is a boy worth? More than anything else in the world. (Continued on page 683)

SEPTEMBER 1955 643 facts about the of Wisdom Word by Thomas Ray Broadbent, M. D.

TheLatterdayChurchSaintsof Jesuswas aboutChristthreeof duetors, toandalcoholin 1907wereactiveknownresearchto docwas foolishly,Thus, the anddrinkinglackingmancontrolloses hisofheathis years old when, in 1833, the begun which has demonstrated the higher nervous centers by actually

Prophet Joseph Smith sought the use of alcohol for external application being partially anesthetized, freezes to

Lord's advice regarding a currently only. Alcohol, by its properties of death.

perplexing problem—the use of toevaporation, cools the body and is Alcohol also damages the kidneys,

bacco. useful in combating fever. It also deespecially if one already has a kidney

The advice given as the Word of creases sweating, toughens the skin, disease.

Wisdom consisted of a dietary rule and is helpful in preventing bed sores. Alcohol has been portrayed as a

which is unique in being given to the As an antiseptic and cleaning soluliquid food. It is true that when

world at that particular time and tion before an operation, it is excelalcohol is burned in the liver it has applicable to our mode of living. In lent. When taken internally, it is a a definite caloric value. Simultaprinciple the rules were not unlike coagulant of protein and kills cells neously, however, in burning the alcomany dietary laws such as the canonsuch as those lining the stomach. It hol the liver is damaged and scarred

ical laws, rules of lent, dietary regimes is a preservative and an excellent and poor circulation develops. Fluid

of the oriental religions, the dietary fluid in which to keep frogs and other then forms in the abdominal cavity.

law of Moses, and Mohammed's specimens for study. Alcohol is an Large vessels develop in the esophagus

food and drink law. The rules irritant and gives most drinkers gasin a natural attempt to bypass the

revealed to the Prophet are unique tritis. To the nervous system alcohol dam made by the scars in the liver.

in being presented to the world ten is a depressant. The drinker seems These vessels build up a high presor twenty years before anesthesia, overly happy and active only because sure, and finally one day death reantisepsis, and dietetics were develthe higher centers of his brain have sults. Are there not better foods?

oped as specific sciences. The advice lost their control. This lack of congiven also carries a promise, to those trol and mental ability and physical Alcoholic addiction is common, as

who so abide, of good health. The reactivity account for many tragedies are the lost jobs, broken homes, failed

plan is designed to be livable by the that would not occur if there were purposes in life, and broken men and old, the weak, or the strong, and any control of the total faculties. Alcowomen. Special hospitals are prowho are strong enough to be called hol in larger doses, just another drink vided for the neurotic and psychotic

Saints. or two, is an anesthetic. How else minds produced by this fluid, and the

What are these wise words of wiscould the intoxicated man or woman "D.T.'s"is only one form of such a

dom? Briefly, abstain from the use awake with bruises and cuts that he mental disease. Physical reactivity

of alcohol, tobacco, tea, and coffee, eat can't recall sustaining? Yet this is slowed as our minds are dulled.

healthful grain products and herbs anesthetic is so dangerous it is seldom Pilots have crashed, thus proving this, and fruits in season and use meat used by doctors and then only as a and thousands have died on the highsparingly, especially in warm weather. local anesthetic in special cases. Ether ways because their feet didn't quite

Is this plan hard to live? Yes, if one and chloroform are much safer. get to the brakes in time. Some alcohas once broken his trust, but Alcohol is also a vasodilator or a hols (wood alcohol) when burned in

good habits are easily kept if kept substance that produces an increase the body produce formic acid, the daily. in the size of small vessels in the skin. main constituent of embalming fluid.

This life is a period of probation. This is why the "toper"has a red Would you drink embalming fluid?

During our mortal lives we are given nose, and why at the football game Some folk do, and before dying go our bodies as tabernacles of our someone says, "A little drink or two through the first torture of going spirits. Do you want your strength and I'll be warm as toast."The inblind.

decreased, mental alertness dulled, crease in vessel size results in an inThese are some of the facts about your privilege of motherhood taken, creased blood flow, and thus heat the Word of Wisdom as revealed to time wasted and failure assured? A from the central portion of the body the Prophet Joseph at Kirtland, Ohio,

sensible answer to these queries is is dissipated. The men on the polar in 1833, and as recorded in the

No! We claim this counsel to be an expeditions found that this was true, eightyninth section of the Doctrine

avenue to health and happiness, and but the men were happily freezing and Covenants. The healthgiving

that we shall truly run and not be to death. Nature is wonderful if left properties. of grains and herbs and

weary. If this is our claim, what is alone. Getting cold is a warning, fruits, and the proper use and the

the proof? Both the skeptic and the and this warning is gone when we tragic results of the disgusting misuse

alert young investigating mind have are anesthetized or drunk. The skin of alcohol have in part been brought

the right to say, "How do I know this vessels become small in cold weather to your attention. Which road do

is worth while?"in an effort to conserve heat. This you choose? Be honest with yourself

In 1822 painful joints and muscles protection is lost with vasodilatation. in this personal inventory!

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ThecelebratingUnited Statesits fiftiethForestbirthdayServicethisis year. Actually no one can point

to any single instance and say, "That is when forestry began in the United

States."A few events do stand out as

being especially significant. One of

these was the establishment of the

Division of Forestry in 1876. Another,

was the passage by Congress of the

General Revision Act of 1891 which gave the President authority to set aside areas of the public domain as

Forest Reserves.

Another conservation milestone was the work of the National Forest Commission of the National Academy of

Sciences. This commission spent much

time in 1896 studying the condition of watersheds, forests, and ranges on federal lands in the West. Its report told of the destruction of watersheds and forests by raging forest

fires and of feeble efforts to prevent or control them, of the indiscriminate, unmanaged cutting of the timber, of ranges being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. It focused the attention of thinking people on a serious

problem that confronted the nation and cried for action.

Action came slowly at first. The

Forest Reserves were under the Land

Office in the Department of the Interior, where there were no trained foresters. The few existing trained

foresters were in the Bureau of Forestry in the Department of Agriculture which had no forest lands to manage.

An Act of Congress placed the Forest

Reserves, later called National Forests, in the Department of Agriculture on

February 1, 1905 under the supervision of Gifford Pinchot as chief.

From the outset, the administraWater is the most important resource of the national forests, and watershed protection tion of the National Forests has been the forest officer's most important duty. guided by four basic principles—the

first of which is that all the resources are for the use and benefit of all the people. Another is the principle of

sustainedyield management, which affirms that the resources will not be used faster than they are being proYEARS duced; that timber will be harvested

only to the extent of its annual growth; that a sufficient amount of

the forage plants will be left to proPROGRESS

IN MULTIPLEUSE FORESTRY healthytect the growth;soil andthatassurethe soil,a continual,streams,

prowill be lakes, watersheds and

R, Standing; Arnold wild that the in perpetuity; tected and

B. FORESTER, REGIONAL ASSISTANT

forests of OGDEN.S. FORESTt'TAH SERVICE the and mountains REGION, beauty INTERMOUNTA1N

ki/tos courtesy U, S. Fo will be preserved forever.

(Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1955 645

Airplanes spray areas infested with treedestroying insects or worthless plants competing with good forage.

The forest ranger marks trees for cutting. Young, vigorous trees One of the forest ranger's many jobs is to make timber sales and

are left to produce seed and to provide future crops. to measure the timber that is cut.

them serve the various needs of all dredfold. The techniques of detect50 Years of Progress the people, to whom they belong. ing fires as soon as they start, getting

(Continued from preceding page) By persistent effort, the public has to them quickly, and fighting them

A third great principle is multiple been brought to realize the terrible effectively, have greatly improved.

use of the National Forests, meaning destructiveness of forest fires and is Fire fighting is done with modern that any area will produce several or exercising much more care in their equipment such as water pumps, result is a marked tractors, trenchers, and chemicals, alall of a variety of resources—water, prevention. The

timber, forage for livestock, wildlife, reduction in the number of manthough the ax, the shovel, and hard and opportunities, for outdoor recreacaused fires, even though visits to the work still play their part. Smoketion. The fourth recognizes that in National Forests have increased a hunjumpers, who parachute to fires from

applying the principle of multiple use airplanes, have controlled thousands there will be clashes of interests of of fires while they were small and the various users. This principle was prevented the destruction of untold

stated by Secretary of Agriculture acres of watershed lands with their

James Wilson in a letter to Gifford timber, forage, wildlife inhabitants,

Pinchotfollows—dated"... andFebruarywhere 1,conflicting1905, as andThetheirconstructionnatural beauty.of roads, trails,

interests must be reconciled, the quesairports, telephone lines, radio nettion will always be decided from the works, and other improvements has standpoint of the greatest good of the been a vital part of the progress in greatest number in the long run...."forestry. Such improvements faciliUnder these principles and others tate the protection of the resources,

related to them, much progress has are essential to good administration of been made in the past fifty years not the national forests, and make it posonly in protecting and developing the sible to utilize the timber, forage, wildnatural resources but also in making Firefighting is a tough job. life, and other resources, as well as

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lookouts keep constant watch to detect and report fires. Modern way of going to a forest fire.

enabling people to visit and enjoy is piled and then burned when the millions of cattle and sheep competed their great outdoor heritage. fall storms come or it is scattered in for the available forage. The ranges

Much has been accomplished in the the gullies and skid roads to prevent and watersheds suffered from overuse, management and utilization of the soil erosion. The cutover areas or too early grazing in the spring, retimber resources. Forest officers have those burned by fires are planted with peated use of sheep bed grounds, and

surveyed the stands of timber so they young trees if they will not reseed the heavy trampling of livestock being know how much there is by kinds and naturally. driven to the more choice range areas

age classes, how fast the trees are But fire is not the only enemy of to get there ahead of the other fellow.

growing, and how much timber can the nation's forests. A multitude of Creation of the National Forests

be harvested annually. The foresters treedestroying insects and diseases brought controlled grazing to the

mark mature trees for cutting, making are a constant threat. Before the Narange. With the assignment of defisure sufficient trees are left for retional Forests were established, nothnite range allotments to individual

seeding and for the protection of steep ing was done to combat these attacks, livestock men or community groups slopes. They prepare cutting plans but during the past fifty years great came delegation and assumption of

and then advertise the timber which strides have been made in detecting responsibility in use of the range and is for sale to the highest bidder. Cutand controlling these forest enemies. the opportunity to rehabilitate it for

ting is carefully supervised to prevent In range use, too, much progress the future. Livestock permittees form

damage to the soil and watershed or has been made since the turn of the associations, and each chooses adto the young timber left to produce century. In those days, at the peak visory boards from its membership to

the next crop. Slash from the cutting of western range livestock grazing, (Concluded on following page)

Elk on winter range on the Teton National Forest.

SEPTEMBER 1955 647 50 YEARS OF PROGRESS

(Concluded from preceding page) tion which are only partially solved. approach to the solution of wildlife

work with the forest officers in applyHowever, it was recognized years ago management problems among the ing progressive range management that recreation use on the National sportsmen, by these groups as well as practices. The time of grazing use in Forests must be carefully planned and the federal land management agenthe spring has been delayed until the managed, and in this activity, also, cies. Private owners of land where

soil is dry enough to withstand much progress has been made. Those some of the game live generally have

trampling, and until forage growth desiring summer home sites are ashad a commendatory attitude toward has a good start. Salt, which the livesigned the more remote areas not well the production of wildlife and enjoystock need and relish, is placed away suited for the development of public ment of hunting and fishing by the

from natural congregating places to campgrounds in keeping with the public.

induce grazing on more lightly used principle of, "... the greatest good of Fish management has also proareas and to lessen use where it otherthe greatest number...."Some regressed, and though fishing has greatwise would be too heavy. Watering mote tracts of rugged country have ly increased, improved hatchery

places have been developed, by use of been set aside as wilderness areas, methods and steppedup fish planting small reservoirs or the installation of never to be despoiled by roads or comprograms have kept pace reasonably troughs, both to meet the animals'mercial developments. well. The improvement of waterrequirements and to make possible the Those whose memories go back to shed conditions has helped much, for

utilization of forage which would be 1905 will recall that deer and elk were gouging of streambeds by floods and wasted without the availability of not nearly so plentiful as now. Big excessive sediment in streams are seriwater. Herding, the construction of game numbers were at low ebb. A ous detriments to fishing.

fences, stock trails, and other imcombination of progressive manageThe story of progress in multipleprovements are management devices ment practices, including the buck use forestry would not be complete used to distribute the stock uniformly law, restricted hunting seasons, prewithout mention of the contribution of over the range according to the vention of poaching, reduction in research. Through the years research

amount of usable forage. Low value predators, and improved forage condihas been conducted in management

herbs and undesirable shrubs that tions brought about increases in numof water, soils, timber, range, and compete with good forage plants, have bers of big game that were gradual at wildlife, and in fire control and combeen reduced in places through confirst and then very rapid in many lobating destructive insects and diseases.

trolled burning or by herbicides. calities. Some areas have been overThe findings of research have guided

Thousands of acres of badly depleted populated with deer and elk resulting the managers of wildlands, and have ranges have been plowed and reseeded in heavy losses in winter from malnuhelped the users of the natural reto hasten the restoration of good plant trition, in overgrazing of ranges and sources better to understand why imcover. watersheds, and undue competition proved management practices, and

As a result of such measures, range with domestic stock for use of the sometimes curtailment in use, are deterioration has been stopped, and forage. necessary.

improvement in plant cover has been During the past twentyfive years It should be stated, too, that one accomplished on many areas. There advancement has been made in the of the most important elen::nts of

is still much to do throughout the application of sound game manprogress has been the growinj pubWest to restore range and watershed agement by State Fish and Game lic appreciation of the value of natural areas to a desirable condition through Commissions, by an enlightened, resources and the need for the coop- improved management, reseeding, broadminded attitude of sportsmen's eration of everyone in providing proconstruction of improvements, and in organizations, and by cooperative tection and good management.

some cases adjustments in livestock The past is but a prelude to the fuuse. ture. We know, from fifty years of

Most of us love the outdoors. For history, that the principles of proages man has enjoyed hunting, fishTHE ROCK IN A STORM tection and wise use of the natural

ing, picnicking, camping, and other By S. Roy Chipman resources, sustained yield, multiple

Fifty recreation. of outdoorforms conflicts in use on

recreation use of theyears ago of greatest "... the good Na- "Over*—'Onesincesaid,time"Therebeganshalluponbe sunshinethe earth,and use,the basisand of,settling

tional Forests was light, and there storm"; the greatest number in the long run

the storm whenwere no special problems connected And clouds gather and the..."are sound. We know that the skies gray, grow

with such use, except that people usIf you will look up, He will show you the people will become increasingly more ing the outdoors caused many forest way. dependent on the resources of their

fires. And he shall be an hiding place from the National Forests to provide security

As population has grown and leiwind, and abundant living. Much has been

sure time has increased, outdoor recIf men will set their feet upon his rock; learned and much has been accomshall covert the from tempest A he be, plished in the past fifty years, butreation has become more popular. sincerely seek knock. and To all who

About thirtynine million visits were much remains to be done to restore fully, andmade to the National Forests for He shallplace, be as springs of water in a dry and protect the resources various forms of recreation in 1954. To weary ones who kneel in prayer and to make maximum use of them. By

Problems have developed connected seek his grace; united effort, the next fifty years will

with providing adequate recreation As ariddenshelterland,of a great rock in a stormsee even greater progress in multiple facilities, fire prevention, and sanitaTo all who follow and heed his command. use forestry.

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iSorry, Soldier, No Letter Today

Wefromreceivedthe greatestour instructorsbasic trainingthis by Paul D. McBride likeIt anything,has been said,but silence"Wordsbreakscan stingthe

world shall ever know, our parsuch a message could very possibly heart."Any word from home is betents. In our youth we were taught owe his privilege of exaltation and ter than none at all. Heartbreak,

the gospel, and we realize here in the eternal happiness, in the presence of more commonly referred to as a "dear armed service and so far from home God, to the thoughtful person who John"or some other disappointment, it truly is being put to the test. remembered to write. is nothing compared to losing a loved

Apostle Paul was a great teacher More than once, just following one through a spiritual death brought also and converted many to the faith, mail call (letters from home), I have about by unclean living.

organizing them into branches of the heard a buddy say, "I think I'll write Loss of contact and communicachurch. But he certainly demon- a letter and go to the movie on post, tion with those who are "living for

strated by his many inspiring letters rather than go eternity"sows the seeds that can reto the Saints that he by no means felt downtown tosult in spiritual death. A negligent

his teaching mission complete. He night."When reply or simply continually procould not be with his loved ones, but you see one of crastinating the writing of that letter

by communicating with them he conyour fellow budis well defined as a sin of omission.

tinued to build their faith. dies sit on the

Letters from home bring us counedge of his bunk About three months ago a small sel and sound advice from loving with a letter in -*- package arrived for our group, his hand and and upon opening it we found a gaze into space church book of with a pleasant smile on his face, commentaries you can rest assured he has something on the Book of praiseworthy or of good report on his Mormon. It was

mind. a giftfrom

V/ou never forget the covenants, but an LDS brother -* you can forget for whom you are with whom we living them. In the first place, you had no former

live the commandments to glorify acquaintance.

your Heavenly Father, but very close A note thankto this reason you keep the commanding him for the ments, in order to honor your family gift and comand loved ones. You know this is menting on

what they want you to do. Each lethow useful it

ter reminds you of them, and in your was to us LDS men brought three heart as you read their letters you more excellent church books and a say, "I will return to them as clean letter of explanation. Our new book

as the day I left."(Continued on page 662)

It has been said, "Words can sting like anything, but silence breaks the heart."

teachers whom we respect and admire. If we are feeling lonely and

blue, such a letter gives us the lift we need. It is sacred in the moralebuilding boost it gives us. The encouragement and counsel it brings

and the feeling of gratitude and desire it gives us to honor the sender is eternal in its effect.

W/e are building for eternity, not just for this life. A word of

written love and counsel, at the right time, can very well be eternal in its effect. Generations from now could

benefit from just such a small, sin-—Photos by U S Army Air Force

cere message. The person receiving 'The only time I have ever seen a G. I. late for chow was during mail call."

SEPTEMBER 1955 649 enly powers and gifts once lost can only come again

... when the times of refreshing shall

come from the presence of the Lord;

... the times of the restitution of all

things,... (Acts 3:19, 21.)

The heavenly inheritance can be lost, even to the saints; and no matter

how they may seek it "carefully and with tears,"once it is gone they shall "seek and not find."

The great apostasy did not happen consciously. The mentally ill ("O

foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you"? [Gal. 3:1]) do not know what

is wrong with them or when it happened. What the apostles denounce

most strenuously in their letters is the complete complacency and selfsatisfaction of the perverters: "...

lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud.... Traitors, heady,

'highminded,..."(II Tim. 3:2ff.)

No lack of assurance here!

Like the slinging of a noose, the end comes silently, quietly, without -A Camera Clix Photo warning, so that the victim never sussparing enter shall you, not grievous "After wolves in among Jesus said: my departing pects what is happening, being the Christians of 10,000 portrays the picture 20:29.) martyrdom (Actsthe flock."The above

under King Sapor of Persia. while wholly preoccupied with "the

cares of this life."(Luke 21:34.) It

is not a process of founding new institutions that the scriptures describe, shall turn "love becoming: one of but

shall "evil seducers to hate,"men and Tvi/o Vtews.

wax worse and worse,"(II Tim.

3:13), "iniquity shall increase,""the

of Church History wolves,"sheep of (Didache)—butthe fold shall goturnrightintoon

calling themselves sheep! The false

by Dr. Hugh Nibley claimants never give up "Having a

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY form of godliness, but denying the..."(II Tim. 3:5.) Part III power thereof.

The end was never formally declared (heaven forbid!); in the words of

claim that the true Church is for people so richly endowed? If the Polycarp, "the lights went out."

Toimmune to corruption no matter sixth chapter of Hebrews were a*ragWhat, then, was "the end"? The

how much it changes is to hold all mentary text broken off at this place, Bible has a good deal to say on the the warnings of the Lord and the any thoughtful individual could supsubject, and scholars have had a great apostles in contempt. They felt no ply the conclusion: obviously Paul is deal more. At present we are consuch confidence: "For if God spared reassuring the saints, telling them that sidering only the former. On the

not the angels..."what guarantee it is quite impossible—unthinkable, in mountain of the transfiguration Peter,

of immunity can men expect? (II fact—for those who have already James, and John, having just beheld

Pet. 2:4ff; Jude 5ff.) "For it is imqualified for every earthly blessing Elias in conversation with the Lord

possible,"writes Paul, "for those who plus the sure earnest of the world to and Moses, were told that Elias would is impossible for such ever at some time come and "restore allwere once enlightened, and have come—it

tasted of the heavenly gift, and were to be lost. "Reason itself"demands things,"though he had already come

made partakers of the Holy Ghost, such a conclusion, but it is all wrong and been rejected. (Matt. 17:1112.)

rest of the sentence administers It was further explained that the SonAnd have tasted the good word of—the

God, and the powers of the world to a stinging rebuke to Christian comof Man would suffer the same rejeccome...."(Heb. 6:4-5.) placency: It is impossible, the writer tion; and later on Peter declares in a

continues, for those so blessed "If sermon that Christ would come again

At this point let us pause and ask they shall fall away, to renew them at "the times of the restitution of all any Christian, or, for that matter again unto repentance;..."(Ibid., things."(Acts 3:21; italics author's.)

any thinking man, to finish the sen- 6:6.) The falling away is a oneway Some time after that the same Peter

tence for us: just what is impossible process; it cannot be reversed. Heavannounces to the church that "the

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA end of all things is at hand."(I Pet. hold I am with you every day until not pass away, till all be fulfilled"

4:7; italics author's.) Here we have the completion of the period"(see (Luke 21:32), is enough in itself to

"all things"brought to earth, "all vv. 1 9-20). The "Great Commission"settle the issue: either Jesus was a

things"coming to an end, and "all is not an unlimited call to everyone, false prophet, or the end did come.

things"restored again. "All what but specifically and privately to the

it is for eleven; itself them not an order for ask, the worldthings?"express we Christians the early did to Why heard, they had whatever us the gives tell all men Peter on. goseems to anxious concern the keen and

answer: "... all things which God but simply to instruct them to carry they did for "signs of the times"?

hath spoken through the mouths of out certain specific orders (the lanWhy did they diligently study the his holy prophets since the world beguage is technical and military); times and seasons and everlastingly

gan,"(Acts 3:21, italics author's); above all, it is not a promise that the ask the Lord and the Apostles, "When

"According as his divine power hath Lord is going to stay in the world forwill it be?"(Cf. Acts 1:7.) It is begiven unto us all things pertaining ever and ever or, as John Chrysostom cause they were expecting an end

unto life and godliness."(II Pet. 1:3, desperately translates it, "for ages and had been instructed to watch

italics author's.) "All things"means without end"; aeon is here in the even until the end. Their attitude

the fulness of the gospel. That is singular; a definite limit is placed on would have been hard to understand

what passes away when "the end of the Savior's personal support, which if they had ever been given reason all things is at hand."is to be enjoyed until the apostles to believe that the church had been

The apostles speak of their own have finished their work: "until the established, once and for all, to retimes as the end of the world, and yet completion (syntelesis) of the aeon, main firm and steadfast until the end

they talk of more history to follow: or period."There is going to be an of the world.

the his said end: send Lord he would of the in world the end "Just now the that It noted often been has

... all to apostles to out preach the world unto appeared them and he hath exprofessed two Christians ancient

for a witness, that they carry would a shall for appear he look that him bliss, of expectation pectations: an one

.".. that out assignment, shall then "and 28.) 9:26, (See time. Heb. second In of woe. expectation other the an

(Ibid., the come."end 24:14.) is Their of world,"the "the end hereNow to come the calendar their was woe like mission, the Lord's, is indeed it was a time followed to yet be by and

first. situation explains the Paul

is of at the the world. end after There no expectation, of waiting and

when he reminds the Thessalonians which the Lord will appear again. more firmly established belief or more

Plainly with "the end of the world,"ancient tradition in Christendom than that they must indeed look forward

Jesus of our Lord to "the coming conviction the that apostles the is Literally told. themstory not the whole

together gathering our Christ, and selves actually did carry their out "conmeans here of world"the "end into deceived not be but him,"unto mission, the as Lord, he promised, or aeons."periods, of the summation

is Christ of the "that day thinking "working with them, confirming a and over appears hunaeon word The could before that since at hand,"the signs following."with word Testament, in (Mark the times dred New

falling "a there come must come 16:20.) every of Penteon the as equivalent When the man always nearly

first, of sin be that and man heard the gospel in cost his away preached in age "the hazeh, 'olam Hebrew (II perdition."of son the revealed, tongue, is, Peter own strictly that announced live."An aeon which we

speaking, a world period, and hence this was actually the fulfilment of Thess. 2: Iff.) And Peter reminds

was sometimes loosely employed to the church, "first, that there shall scoffers, walking in last days that the the spoken which was prophet by come times, ours, of our refer to this world

Joel; later lusts,"only after their and own is etc. never world, But the wicked

last I saith days, in the will God,... meanbeing come, will the Lord of time span of a limited sense the

... all Spirit flesh. of out pour upon my the promslack concerning "not while is this word absent 2:1617.) completely (Acts when

is the Lord ise,"with since "one day point a stretch can one employed:

. Peter.."(II years. as a thousand last the days, the gospel These were of the completion "the translate and

first but is coming, joy 3:3ff.) The all actually to preached been had world,"of the as "the end aeon"

but only if it is understood that the flesh, the prophecy was fulfilled, and the woe. There are ends and other

"world"referred to is not necessarily the end could come. For the prophends. The "signs of the times"are

the physical earth or the physical ecy was that before the apostles could significant because things follow a universe but the present age of men. be put to death, "the gospel must pattern: "Whenever you see these

When Christ met with the eleven first be published among all nations."events,"says the Lord, stating a genby special appointment on a mountain (Mark 13:9f, italics author's.) The eral rule in a present general condiin Galilee (Matt. 28:16), he sent apostles themselves complete the tion, "you know that the kingdom of

..."(See Luke them out with instructions to "teach whole work of the dispensation; after God is nigh at hand

for example, "you look at the all nations... to carry out all the them comes not the beginning—but 21:31);

instructions he had given them,"and the end. The clear statement of the trees, and whenever they now shoot

gave his messengers the promise, "beLord, that "... This generation shall forth, ye see and know of your own

selves that summer is now nigh at hand"(See vv. 2930, italics author's.) It is a characteristic and

repeated event, this "end of all things"and "restitution of all things,"which we shall discuss in the next (Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1955 651 TWO VIEWS OF CHURCH HISTORY

(Continued from preceding page) than Capernaum; no city ever rejourning here in fear (Ibid., 1:17.)

... Beloved, think it not strange consection. Whose coming was expected jected it more completely; accordingby the saints? The Lord's, according ly, "in the day of judgment"Capercerning the fiery trial which is to try

to some accounts, the adversary's, acnaum "shall be thrust down to hell."you, as though some strange thing

cording to others. Why should this But meantime, what is the status of happened unto you:

be a cause (as it has been) of ferothe cursed city to be? Quite mag- "But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are

cious controversy? Plainly they exnificent: "exalted to heaven."(Matt. partakers of Christ's suffering; that

pected both; and not at one and the 11:2324, Luke 10:15.) That "meanwhen his glory shall be revealed, ye

... (Ibid., 4:1213.)same time, but first the deceiver, and while"is the second act of the drama, may be glad.

then the Lord. and it lasts until the judgment. "... the God of all grace... hath

... After the Lord left the world, who If one is determined to believe that called us unto his eternal glory

....came next? "The prince of this world, the primary intent and purpose of after that ye have suffered a while.

and hath nothing in me."Who is the missions of Christ and the Apos- (Ibid., 5:10.)

.. Humble yourselves... thatto follow up the work of the Apostles tles was the setting up on the earth ".

if they are "sent last"and "the end"of a mighty institution of sure salvaGod may exalt you in due time (Ibid.,

is to come when they have completed tion for all, "to remain firm and stead- 5:6);"etc. The unpleasant interval

their work? Who indeed: "... after fast until the end of the world"(to is not to be taken seriously, "For all

flesh is as grass,..."(Ibid., 1:24);my departing shall grievous wolves use the proud formula of 1870—in the

enter in among you, not sparing the absence of any appropriate scripture!), we are merely "strangers and pilflock."(Acts 20:29.) Those are the then the negative course of things so grims"here (Ibid., 2:11); it is a

only "successors"mentioned. Who is clearly indicated in the Bible was a frightening prospect, but "if you will

to take over the place when Peter terrible mistake. Common sense reit shall be as nothing."Peter preaches

leaves it? "The devil... abroad as a bels against the dismal prospect of the a thoroughgoing exchange of earthly

ravening lion,"completely on the whole earth being given into the values for heavenly values.

loose. When John announces, "Little hands of "the one who leads the James (4:4) does not mince words:

children, it is the last time,"is he world astray,"(as the Didache puts "Know ye not, that friendship of the is enmity with God? whosoexpecting the Lord? On the conit)—it is a hard thing to take. And world

trary: "... even now there are many that is exactly why all the prophets ever, therefore, will be a friend of the

antichrists; whereby we know that it of the New Testament urge the saints world is the enemy of God."Nor

is the last time."(I John 2:18.) You continually not to take the common does John: "Love not the world

know the last time is here because sense point of view in the matter: neither the things that are in the

"the mystery of iniquity doth already "In the world ye shall have tribulaworld. If any man love the world,

work,"and his work is only temporartion: but be of good cheer!"Is that the love of the Father is not in him.

ily held up by an opponent who is common sense? "Now is the day of For all that is in the world... is not

presently to be "taken out of the salvation,"Paul cries joyfully, deof the Father, but is of the world. And

way."(II Thess. 2:7.) scribing the day as one of afflictions, the world passeth away, and the lusts

As modern scholars, Catholic and necessities, distresses, stripes, imthereof. (I John 2:1517.) Marvel

if the world hate Protestant, are beginning to realize prisonments, tumults, labors, watchnot, my brethren, you.... (we shall discuss them later), the ings, fastings—"as sorrowful, yet alprospects were not brilliant: "When way rejoicing."(II Cor. 6:10.) It "We are of God: he that knoweth

the Son of man cometh, shall he find seems like anything but fun or good God, heareth us; he that is not of

... And we faith on the earth?"(Luke 18:8.) It sense. As to the things that common God, heareth nQt us.

was a dark interval that lay ahead, sense values, Paul says, "I count them know that we are of God, and the..."(Ibid., "the Wintertime of the Just,"they but dung, just so I win Christ."world lieth in wickedness.

called it in the ancient church. There Worldly standards are utterly mis- 3:13; 4:6; 5:19.)

is a real element of tragedy here; the leading. Hear what Peter, James, and These were truly the disciples of

tears of the Lord and the Apostles John have to say: the Lord who said, "Woe unto you,

were genuine. Paul does not warn Note the emphasis in Peter's episwhen all men shall speak well of you!

constantly and with tears for the tles on the evil times ahead and the for so did their fathers to the false sake of a few inevitable crackpots and postponement of blessings for a prophets."(Luke 6:26.) There is no

... place here for a popular program. The backsliders: the "wicked one"is definite interval: "[Ye] are kept

"coming with all powers and signs unto salvation, ready to be revealed whole consolation of the saints is in and lying wonders,"(II Thess. 2:9); in the last time. Wherein ye greatly the resurrection and glory to come,

... if or sleep. for a season, "... whether we wake though now can rejoice, is no man coming when the night

.".... yourselves. heaviness comfort in. Wherefore ye are need be, lines the closing time which the work,

of Didache describe as the long ordeal (expecting) praise and honour and (I Thess. 5:1011.) There is a comof the human race. There is no glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. plete disconcern for the possible sucdoubt that the early Christians were..."(Cf. I Peter 1:5-7.) "Be sober, cess or failure of the church on earth,

convinced that the glorious final act and hope to the end for the grace and a total silence on the subject of of the drama would not be played that is to be brought unto you at the future generations—never a thought

"before the time."No city ever had a revelation of Jesus Christ (Ibid., of that "inevitable triumph"which

better chance of hearing the gospel 1:13.)... Pass the time of your solater church historians were to insist

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA should have been their chief consolation. "... The foundation of God

standeth sure,"not in a visible instituOnly LUMBERJACK SYRUP tion of salvation, but "having this seal, that Lord them knoweth The mates 'em taste so GOOD!

(II opare his."2:19.) Tim. Every

portunity to play up the church is passed by in silence.

The values of the early Christians were not common sense values. The

translators of the King James Version use the word lusts for the Greek epithumia, which means "desire, interest, value,"in the broadest sense, and thus make it appear that all that

John is condemning is vice and depravity, whereas actually he is renouncing all earthly values good and bad. The Christian point of view

was not that of another philosophy;

it administered a severe shock to intelligent people—"a slap in the face,"

to use Karl Holl's apt expression.

Thinking people were not just amused, they were "scandalized"(a favorite word) and enraged, sickened, and disgusted; Tacitus, Celsus, Caecilius, and the Jewish and pagan professors cannot think of words strong

enough to express their loathing and alarm.

Here we have two systems of values totally and hopelessly opposed to each other. The things Jesus talked about

were entirely outside the range of normal human thought and experience; in time their reality was to be

made manifest to all, but meanwhile their rejection was to be emphatic and complete, and pagans could embarrass Christians by chanting about "Jesus the King who never ruled!"A

triumphant rule and a triumphant church were not on the program, but the world would settle for nothing less, and of course the world got what it wanted—a church modeled after

its idea of what a church should be.

Such an institution was as clearly prophesied as was the passing away of the true church.

(To be continued)

INNER SIGHT

By Janet Moore

I ove is not blind as slander claims

But knows the crystal gazer's art

Of probing through the faulty shell

Others interpret as the heart.

There within the concealing mask,

By some unwritten miracle Love divines the truer self, Gracious, tall, and beautiful.

SEPTEMBER 1955 653 some of whom have lovely fair hair. Both

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON men and women are very industrious and work with a will. Their lodges are big and

(Continued from page 639) coast region. The best example is the spacious; they are divided into several

Europeans, as are constantly exposed to the Mandan Indians who during the rooms by partitions of thick planks....

inclemency and alterations of the weather.21 colonial period inhabited the whole The men are tall, strong and courageous.

are very active, of They and good appearstates of area of South the North and with features. ance pleasant Their of women Indians Regarding the Haida

33 Minnesota. Dakota, Wisconsin, and look in do not the least Indian. Island, Charlotte HubertQueen

settle disthis farmers did not White

Howe Bancroft in 1875 reported that trict until the middle of last century, At the beginning of the nineteenth "The few who have seen their faces "shortly after the Mandan had been century, an American, George Catlin, free paint from pronounce their comconsiderable time wandering 31 spent epidemic."a smallpox out wiped by

. light.plexion.."22 Bancroft then studying these Indians and among whites the first discovered the Whenquoted Poole, who claimed that he Mandan Indians, according to Paul them. He wrote:

their skin thatobserved was "nearly 23 Herrmann, The Mandans are certainly a very interas ours,"white as and Bendel, who their in personal pleasing people esting and... of this strange people a fifth About lightheld "of a remarkable it to be differing in manners; appearance and many whiteskinned were blueeyed. Fair andcolor."24 Gilbert Sproat Malcolm looks respects, customs, in both from and hair also infrequent, not was the and

... I all tribes seen. other have that which "Theirmaintained young womof all physiognomy entirely was Mandan

... I so forcibly struck have and 32 beenen's skins as clear as are white and different that from of the type. usual Indian

peculiar the ease elegance with of these and 25 ofthose Horatio Englishwomen."

people, together of the diversity with comcen- seventeenth the Early during isof coastal found thoseHale some plexions, the various colours of their hair of In- a tribe tury of white rumors "fair in eyes;landers the complexion, singularity of someand their language,

times with ruddy cheeks."26 Speaking dians (the Mandans), who lived and their peculiar and unaccountable customs, fully in the western that convinced away many miles they that I amof the Haidas, Niblack (1888) wrote:

sprung from other origin some than seahave wilderness, Atlantic the reached of that the other... North tribes, American for explorers; as early example, board sexes are surprisingly In complexion both

stranger in the is village first A Mandan islight colored. in This to due no way in as 1615 Father wrote Champlain struck the by different of shades com-

...intermixture whites. with Haidas The his plexion, journal them. Later about Jean various and colours of hair whichare fairer markedly skinned than the sees he crowd is about him; and at he Infind to Nicolet expected once white.., 27others,

almost disposed to exclaim that "these are his trip dians westward. But on

not Indians."

Ordinarily the hair of the American probably the first white man actually There are a great many of these people

Indian is straight, coarse, and black, to see them was de la Verandrye, a whose complexions appear as light as half breeds; and amongst exthe fur trader Canadian French and particuwomenbut it has been observed various by larly, there are many whose skins are alplorer. Invisited the Mandan Hewriters that the Indians'white hair white, most with the most pleasing symmetry in intimately dians 1738, and becameofttimes diverges from the beand proportion norm, of features; with hazel, with

ing soft and wavy, and sometimes auacquainted with them. This personal grey, and with blue eyes—with mildness

and sweetness 28 historically his report contact makes of expression, and excessiveburn in color. A. and brown C.

modesty of demeanour, which render states valuable. in his Verandrye them pointed that of out hairHaddon the exceedingly pleasing and beautiful.3* diary: "... isthe northwestern freIndians

Writers have slightly speculatedquently regarding brownish and wavy origin of the... there tribes are a few Inwhite Mandan among redskinned.... This tribeTheis partlywomenwhiteare andextremelypartly the

whom red hair and an almost white beautiful, especially those who are white, dians. Catlin suggested "that the

complexion occur."20 According to 81Herrmann, op. cit., p. 175. Mandan might be descended from the

Thor Heyerdahl, Gilbert M. Sproat s*Ibid., p. 176. Welsh king, Madoc,..."35 Some

described writers have suggested Irish settlers while others have felt that the... a local Indian woman who had Scandinavian Vikings were responsi-

"curly, rather or hair,"pointed brown wavy, DESERT SYMPHONY ble for the white blood among the then,out that: but rarely, a lightand "Now

Mandan Indians. It may be true thathaired native is seen";... and Sutil y By Leona Bammes Gardner

Mexicana, who declared that the hair of occasionally groups of Europeans these aboriginals "varied in colour between Gray rocks keeping their silent watch. came to America and intermarried

Gray sandreddish, dark, auburn, and black."30 with the Mandan Indians, but Paul Whipped by the dustgray wind. Joshua

trees Herrmann doubts that there would Indians White have been found in Lifting their hairy in the torrid arms breeze. have been a sufficient of numberother parts hills; of the clouds States, as gray above a desolate Gray United

Welsh, Irish, or Vikings, settle in thiswell as on the northwestern Pacific land land, according to available informagray small snakes cool 21George under gray Vancouver, Voyage Discovery of to the Where A tion, to completely account for the PacificNorth Ocean the and Around (London, World stones withstand lizards blink, seek oblivion thenStates Gray vol. York, (New 1875), 157. 1, p. quote Herrmann:

2SFrancis Poole, Charlotte Islands Queen (London, bushes, gray rabbits gray Beneath by cited1872), in Idem. scanned.... furthermore, and only of a handful cited in 2+Bendel, Idem.

Sproat, 25Gilbert Scenes Malcolm and Studies of men, whose biological force cannot have

Savage 24. Life (London, 1868), p. But when the sun touches the western hills,

(PhilaHale, 26Horatio Philology Ethnography and (Continued on page 656) Suffused boll gold, a cotton peach with and in 157.delphia, cited op. 1846), Bancroft,

spills mirrors a clouds rainbow. Yucca 33Verandrye, cited in cited in Heyerdahl, InOf 27Niblack, ibid., p. 177. Thor cit.,Americanp.

dians of the Pacific (New York, 1952), p. 83. Fragrance from creamy spikes. An aureole 3*George Catlin, The North American Indians...

during eight years travel 157. op. p. 28Bancroft, amongst the wildest

Indians in tribes of North Races of America, 18321839 29A. Man Haddon, C. cit.,The (Edincited and the DisOfAndpinkwrapsand thecopperraggedringsrocksthe incactusa purplequills writtenburgh, cit.. 1926), in 128. 33, York, op.tribution Herrmann, p. 176. 1924), pp. (New

Sproat, cited in Heyerdahl, op. cit., p. 85. stole. 3Ibid., p. 179.

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cherished Experiences Prom Writings of President David O. McKay tyV::':...; Compiled by Clare

*i Middlemiss From personal contacts with Saints throughout the world have come faithpromoting experiences which President McKay would like to share with all Church members.

$3.00

The Spirit

Prophecy and Giveth Life LYNN A. McKINLAY Modern Times

enjoyed Those who Life W. CLEON SKOUSEN will Eternal greatly enjoy

this book with its fresh and Today and the future are different approach to the revealed in the prophecies

First Principles of the Gosconcerning the Millennium, pel. This shows how the the second coming of Christ,

of America, principles of faith, repentand Palestine. This WWTI—-"ititfes FROM THI book ance, is a baptism, startling gift the and reminder

to those of the Holy Ghost who have apply forgotten. 0. M C K1Y diDAVID rectly to daily living. $2.00 $1.75

&*?&*** ctARE MiDOLEMlS:

5. MILLIONS Wttftoft*'OF MEETINGS OF THE MORMONS? 1. WHAT

in this are suggested procedures book Harold newly revised Glenn conducted Mr;i. > givesGordon the Clark—Certain"millions introduction of meetings"within annually an Hinckley—Thisexcellent to Mormonismedition to make

with an historical sketch, an outline of the the LDS Church more interesting and successful. Dr. Harold

Church and its functions as well as the salient Glenn Clark of Brigham Young University is wellqualified as an fatts of Latterday Saint doctrine, practice, and authority on this subject. $2.25

history. $1.50

6. THE FIRST TWO THOUSAND YEARS

2. BIBLE THE eternal questions the of Old of the Cleon KNOW W.

in this explained scripturesSkousen—Many absorbdiscussed are and Testament Enlarged.) (Revised This and Benjamin it it will find read a greater underbrings ing book. Those who a complete Alward—book outstanding approaches comprescriptures. of Biblical $3.25 standing

fiftyBible of the answering hension through seven vital questions. Brief histories are given

on: the sixtysix books of the Bible, the Apocrypha, the Dead Sea scrolls, Missing Scriptures, the

Septuagint, and the lapse of time between the

Old and New Testament. $2.50 Doscret

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

3. NOT BY BREAD ALONE

DESERET COMPANY BOOK S. is a compilation book Bryant

Salt Lake City, Utah Temple 44 East South ideals articlesHinckley—This the expressing short and of

rich lived a has of philosophy and Gentlemen: one storieswho and

purposeful those preparinglife. lessons,The materialpublic addresses,is excellentor shortfor Enclosed you will find check money

inspirational talks. Over 120 selections. $1.50 order charge to my account the following

for the encircled (numbered books):

Cherished Experiences 4. PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH D The Spirit Giveth Life

GOVERNMENT Prophecy and Modern Times 3 4 5 direction the of under John 12 First late A. Widtsoe, John the A. Widtsoe—WrittenPresidency by the

... Name revised this brought and has been recently book

It gives the General Authorities. to date by up

of Address source information a rich of on the purpose the Priesthood, gives a detailed itsaccountpowerof andthe rights.organizationIt alsoof City Zone State.

the LDS Church and the principles governing it. Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

$2.50 SEPTEMBER 1955 655 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued from page 654) hind this strange and now vanishing tribe?

sufficed to tribe. We do not know. 38 Europeanize a whole Indian DAYNES

clear But the traces of [white] European

MUSIC COMPANY bloodexhibitedwhichin 1750the Mandancannot haveare beensaid theto haveoutrect,If Herrmann'sone needs toconclusionslook elsewhereare corto relatively of a come fleeting contact with find the cause of the white Mandan the white men; they must have sprung from

some much more profound intermingling. {Continued on page 658) HAS MOVED] What great adventure, what tragedy lies be3aHerrmann, op. cit., p. 179.

TO

y? 15 East 1st South

L6... Jkou inauirestf what ubert U

We Invite You To Richard L. Evans

Visit the New DAYNES, Salt Lake's Newest, Most Mod- W/E should like to begin today with a sentence with which ern, Attractive, and Convenient we could well conclude—a sentence taken from the Music Store New Testament—"Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is

then to add to it a question and an answer COME IN AND SEE THE INTERliberty"1—and

is? [It is] to be liberty inquirest Seneca: from what "Thou AREAS MOST MOUNTAIN

. lures to tempt are a slave to nothing..."2 There.. many OF. COMPLETE STOCK

men away from freedom, and all such lures are made to look

PIANOS desirable. "The people never give up their liberties,"obSTEINWAY LESTER served Edmund Burke, "but under some delusion."3 The

CONN ORGANS fish is caught and loses his freedom and his life, not in

RECORDS pursuit of the hook, but in pursuit of something that cleverly

Angel Capital Decca conceals the hook—something tempting that is made to look

Victor Coral Mercury good, that is made to seem safe. Any man, or almost any man,

M.G.M. Columbia London will fight against losing his freedom if he sees it being taken Columbia RCA Victor

A Complete HiFi Dept. from him forcibly, but the greatest threat to freedom is not

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS always the obvious force. The greatest threats are often

Martin Pedler Holton the subtle and insidious threats—those which have the hook

Gretsch Guitars embedded in the bait. And in appraising all the choices of

SHEET MUSIC and all life, all the issues, all philosophies, all institutions, all men

MUSICAL ACCESSORIES and all motives—in judging all these we should always distinguish between these two: between those who really want

deal only in merchandise "We quality... stand men to have more freedom, and those who want more regiof proven

those that tend toward dominatback of everything we sell... mentation of men—between

strive to sell at a fair price."ing men or letting them live freer lives. Seldom it seems

does any man seek to enslave another man without saying that the enslavement is somehow for the benefit and blessing 'aunes Music of the person so enslaved—without saying that the enslavement somehow has some good within it which offsets its

reevil. subterfuge, the fact despite all subtlety and But n in

cannot free, that they be that meant to mains men were UNIVERSITY, i WASHINGTON5aftakC/fyBLVD..OGDEN NORTH I45 PR0VO/'226O'mPKSr

grow to full stature without freedom, and that the Lord God himself is committed to giving his children their choice, even to fail, if they will. (The right to fail is in fact as important

FRESH CORN TORTILLAS as the right to succeed.) In closing we recall Thomas Jefferand a son's stirring words for freedom: "I have sworn upon the

COMPLETE LINE OF altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny

1 Mexican Foods thereover theis liberty."mind of man."4 "Where the Spirit of the Lord is,

Advice and catering suggestions given

FREE to organizations putting on

Mexican dinners. '3L Spohen Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

For full information on prices PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING Call—See or Write SYSTEM, JULY 3, 1955

Copyright, 1955 MANUEL'S FINE FOODS 1 II Corinthians 3:17.

350 West 7th South Salt Lake City, Utah JSeneca: Epistulae Morales and Lucilium,

Phone 3-0609 - 3Edmund4Thomas Jefferson,Burke, SpeechLetterattoa Benjaminmeeting inRush.Buckinghamshire,1800. 1784. SHIP ANYWHERE - WE

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our 125 Li?? dry holes

last year helped keep you on wheels

If you're anything like the average motorist, you'll need about 690 gallons of gasoline to take you where you want to drive this year. And that's just a beginning. Keeping you on wheels and

supplying you with the thousand and one "oilborn"products so vital to modern living requires 2 gallons of petroleum a day for every man, woman and child in the U.S.—an increase of 58%

since 1941.

Helping to keep this oil flowing to you is Standard Oil Company of California's biggest, most expensive, least predictable job.

In fact, we plan to invest $200 million during 1955 alone in exploring for new oil fields and developing existing ones, to help replace the petroleum you'll use.

Some 700 times during the year, Standard drillers will start bits spinning. As much as 16,000

feet of pipe may follow the bit before oil is found or the well is abandoned. Either way it's a

costly hole: drilling an oil well

may run anywhere from $125,000 to over $1 million. And every

one is a risk—only 1 out of every

9 wells drilled in the United States in a promising but unproven area ever turns out to be an oil producer.

Yet new sources of oil must be found to keep our nation's abundant supplies from dwindling.

Risking "dry holes"is the only way to find them. So the 125

"dry holes"we drilled last year are good evidence of the job Standard does to help keep you on wheels.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

SEPTEMBER 1955 657 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Continued from page 656) dians he visited, pointing out that in introduced to Brother Juan Bautista (John first in the the Baptist), the baptized man black their long and general hair was quotaanotherIndians. Probably

son's nation Zuni A. His by Tenney. M. "... redof a complexion and their will throwtion from the same author I wife the ever was most handsome woman

further light on the subject. To dishbrown or copper color,"and yet saw of the Indian race; had a beautiful

quote: he observed some among them of child, nearly white.30

lighter complexions. To quote:

This is all very remarkable information. In conclusion, it should be kept in

that fact of the Mandan top it comesBut on are of the Cherokees The women that the his anLord through tall, mind first tells the explicitly thatmythology their anslender, of frame; a delicate erect and cient prophets the Nephites promised of thiscestor who, white a people was features man their perfect with formed symmetry,

in the mists of antiquity, came to the councountenance cheerful and friendly, and they that "... thy seed shall not utterly

try in a canoe. Long before the first mismove with a becoming grace and dignity. be destroyed"40 but following the desionaries reached the Mandan they are The Cherokees are yet taller and more rostruction of the Nephite nation, those

to ofalleged kindly have a gentle, known bust the than Muscogulges, and by far the who remained "... shall be numbered virgingod born of a a was and died who largest of race their men I have seen; comdeath of expiation; they told of a miracle plexion brighter and somewhat of the olive among the Lamanites."41 Obviously

having close affinities with the feeding of cast, especially the adults and some of their these promises have been fulfilled in fivethe thousand; story related they the of young are nearly women as fair and bloomthe white reside among Indians who

38 firstthe of fall, mother her and mankind ing as European women. their darkerskinned brethren, as hasof the ark and of the dove a green with twig

this article. Also, pointed out in been itsin beak; they believed in a personal In President 1879 Wilford Wooddevil to sought the that who the promised Lord Nephites win over subjugate and

ruff spent several the months amongto himself, 37.. the world of men. in the latter Gentiles even the days

in Indians Arizona Mexico. and New "... destroy not mixture the would is writer The of the that, opinion in In his report that he declared some

seed, are of thy thy which amongits of account the Nephites surwho of"these Indians Nephites, or were vived the last great war about 400 descendants of the Nephites, obbrethren [the Lamanites or In-

A.D. and joined with the Lamanites, serving that some of them were white dians]."42 In fact, the holy prophets

the Book of Mormon gives the true in color. In speaking of the Zuni declared that the'descendants of the

answer regarding the origin of the Indians, President Woodruff wrote: Nephites shall be preserved in the

basic strain of white blood in the land forever, and that in the latter.. they shall become a rightMandan Indians. However, the au- I went through the village and, for the days ".

life, I in time of of had the the eous house branch unto a view mythor that, concedes following the

Indians. I visit whitefirst met With... many who as Israel."43 shall This about comeof Leif Ericson to Vineland about had been baptized they and very were glad estabof a result the having Lord1000 A.D., occasional to see groups me. from They had two thousand of acres

his and lished again once Church corn, looking well without irrigation.Europe—especially On Vikings—perhaps following, the day eventualearth, visited on the and their we village ataugmented the strain white thereby

their called farm Fish I Springs. was here revelationto modern tohelping account for kingdomly—according blueeyed

"... William Bartram, [shall of a Savior Travels a knowledge Through North andblonds the among Mandans. bouth Georgia, (Philadelphia, cited 1791) the to Nephites, the and ChapmanCarolina, come]... J Milling, m Red Carolinians (Kingsport, It is evident that mythMandan Tennessee, 1940), p. 6. the Josephites, and Jacobites, the andology, explained has by Herrmann,

its basis in the history and traditions Zoramites, [or, as has been pointed of the Nephites, since these people out—white Indians], through the

of their testimonies fathers,—"meanof the a thoroughhad knowledge

44 of Mormon. ing the Book Howhistory of their ancestors the OUR GARDEN and

gospel doctrines contained in the Old By Zelda Davis Howard could this revelation to the Prophet of fulfilled if be some Smith Joseph After Testaments.and New is the ""Phis our garden which in late March their of the the seed Nephites and close of records the Nephites'in 421 white - was

A.D. and the apostasy of the people With snow. Trees, shrubs, vines, and associates have not been preserved to

flowers Indians? were all white day, as our Christ, the true gospelfrom of Jesus

if tucked in as night been it had consideration into taking After for been natural have it would many AsIn tightlydeep first winter or the cold of day of the gospel truths in an adulterated fall. God's promises to the Nephites of a

of their descendants inform to be carried by tradition from The gamesunshineof "Whoand the clouds played the continuation age to age, and so the Mandans Will win?"the betting on blue skies was America forever, and after making

possessed in their traditions fraglow. due allowance for occasional groups

of white people who may have miments of divine truths when they first ItThewasenddoubtfulof theirif longroots sleepingwould everand cometurn toto met Europeans. This could easily acgrow grated to America after Moroni

count for teachings to be had among Or so it seemed to souls tired of winter. closed the ancient records, the writer

the Mandans "long before the first This is that garden we thought would never concludes that certainly the principal missionaries reached"these Indians. bloom progenitors of white Indians were the

William Bartram, being among the ThisClimbsseason,over butthe today,wall itsandbroad'ningwill coverbeautysoon Nephites of Book of Mormon days.

earliest of the whites to visit the InEvery mile of mountain, canyon, and val- (To be continued) southeastern of the dians F. 31)Matthias Cowley, Wilford Woodruff—History thank thee, dear God, for autumn's bepart of the We ley. as Labors in His Daily Recorded and His Life of States, spent considerable United stowing. (Salt 523. City, 1916), p. Journals Lake

time among them. In a book pubWhy do we ever doubt, exact, and fear *2 Nephi 3:3.

45:14. Alma all gifts reoccurring, your have been lished in 1791, he described the InWhen 1 13:30. Nephi

to clock Blessings the of the timed day and 9:53. is2 Nephi

S7Ibid., p. 178. \ear? /6id., 29:1213; D. & C. 3:1618.

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It's the time for home canning. Got your Peaches?

Fall fruit is ready and in plentiful supply. Order your canning Got your Pears?

sugar today. Sugar not only acts

as a sweetening agent, but helps Get your...

to preserve the natural flavor, shape, and texture of fruit. Make

sure you buy pure U and I Sugar. For your home canning,

you can't buy a finer, purer,

whiter sugar anywhere. sugar

Its performance has beenfj,J tested in tens of thousands of homes and found perfect, for every sugar use. When at your

grocer's, always buy U and I

Sugar.

r '",m, r

SUGAR

E gRanu Uted

rmmm

SEPTEMBER 1955 659 STEFFIE'S BEAUTY SECRET (Continued from page 633) "Yes,"Mother smiled. "Now you

Mother said, "That's right, Steffie. have a beauty secret to keep you

If you look at people with kindness beautiful all your life."

in your heart, they'll see beauty in your eyes."When Darlene awoke from her nap,

Steffie beamed. "And if I smile Mother took Steffie and her to the

nice and friendly, they'll see beauty park. There were swings and slides

in my face, Mother?"(Concluded on page 662)

/>>3v>ix>xrv>xD35sS;S3SiS;S

are we aotviaaom toto aelaet there:mere'. Wken

Richard L. Evans

A frequentis this: "Whenquestionare fromwe goingthosetowhoget there?"are goingItsomewhereis a quesstood the tion typical of children headed for picnic places. It is a

question typical of adults moving through the years of life.

test off "When are we going to get there?"As we have observed

repeatedly in the past, "Life is a journey and not a destination."1 But it is a journey that we should enjoy, and not

live always as if happiness were always ahead—and not now.

Searching is inevitable. Reaching and wanting and waiting

are also inevitable. But we should enjoy the journey, and

FOI"41 YEARS* Intermountain not always wonder when we are going to "get there."Young

families have enjoyed better water heating people—and older ones also—work long years to prepare

service because of Fowler! By leading the themselves—for professions or other occupations, or to pay

industry in pioneering important advanceoff the mortgage, to educate children, to pay bills, or to ments, Fowler water heaters have consistacquire things wanted, and wonder when they are going to ently offered more features, more value "get there."And then suddenly, sometimes, there comes a sense that they have "been there"all along—and thatthrough the years.

they should have enjoyed the journey much more. Sometimes men work long years looking toward retirement, toward

For 20 YEARS, glasslining... what they will do someday. And then suddenly there comes

a Fowler first... has been part and parcel of an awareness that life has been going on all the time, and

every Fowler water heater. This durable porthat in looking too intently ahead they have failed somewhat

celain bondedto-steel inside the Fowler tank to enjoy some of the lovely passing scenes. The visits with

has served as positive protection against tank loved ones, the quiet evening hours, the holiday, the picnic rust and corrosion. Fowler glasslining is with all its wonderful inconveniences, the talk across the

your assurance of cleaner hot water and table, the giveand-take with one another, the going and longer service. theactivities—thesecoming, the areproblems,all parttheof complexity"being there,"of interestsand shouldand

not be bypassed in the process of "getting there."We never you can count on Fowler for

seem quite to arrive at a point of completeness, but when we economical, troublefree operation. Every

look back we often find that we didn't quite recognize some

Fowler electric water heater is backed by the things for what they were. The things we hope to get, the

manufacturer's 20 -year protected service things we are going to get, shouldn't rob us, so far as this policy. day is concerned, of the happiness we have here. It isn't

Get all the facts about Fowler. See your likely that we shall find anything essentially sweeter than the

dealer or write for information. love of loved ones, or the sense of accomplishment, or the

wonderful feeling of being alive and on our way. It is true

Distributed by that there is much that needs to be improved—and that

FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. heaven is ahead. But the journey of life is everlasting. It

316 West 2nd South Street is going on all the time, and living happily and usefully

Salt Lake City, Utah now is a very important part of the process of "getting there."

'5L Spoken Word FROM temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JULY 10, 1955 Copyright, 1955 'From dedicatory page of the book This Day—and Always by Richard L. Evans.

Fowler Manufacturing Co. 2545 S.E.Gladstone, Portland 2, Oregon

660 THE IMPROVHVlElERA S

THE EGYPTIANS KNEW THE ART Of PRESERVATION BUT YOU DO IT FAR BETTER WITH LOCKERAP

to bee Wrap meat a long time

You can put your complete confidence in Lockerap.

It is tough—resists **poke through."It is pliable—

easy to work with. And to reduce moisture vapor

transfer—it is specially coated with amorphous

waxes with polyethylene addedTry It—

for premium protection at low cost.

This bead of an Egyptian princess was earned from sandstone in 14001300 B.C. It is in

LOCKERAP, A TRADE NAfAi excellent condition today.

$$4, e&etntm and tan&um&t nat& Wamd @$e%& mMSm 'IZr% LOCKERFOIL- -——* 3-ply protection: aluminum + paper+ plastic wax

LOCZINWESTERN WAXED PAPER DIVISION

CROWN ZEUER8ACH CORPORATION the new polyethylene wrap with crackproof film

North Portland, Oregon, P, O. Sox 51

LOCKERAP San leandro, California, 2101 William St.

huff or white, for premium protection at low cost Los Angeles, California, 5900 Sheila St,

Steffie's Beauty Secret

(Concluded from page 660) and a merrygo-round and a Ferris wheel. "May I go on the merrygo-round again, Mother?"Darlene begged.

"No, dear,"Mother said. "No

more today."

Darlene sat down on the grass and began to cry.

A woman stopped to talk to Mother.

"Hello,"she said. She looked down

at Darlene crying, and she didn't stare at her at all. She turned and stared

at Steffie instead. "Is this your lovely

older daughter?"she asked.

"Yes,"Mother said. "This is our

Steffie.... Steffie this is Mrs. Brooks."

Steffie smiled her new kind of magic smile. "How do you do, Mrs.

Brooks,"she said, shaking hands.

Mrs. Brooks said, "What a beautiful, smiling face she has!"

Steffie felt, oh, so glad—all over.

She squeezed Mother's hand thankfully. She knew now that she had

a magic beauty secret that really worked.

Sorry - - No Letter Today Do It Yourself...The Easy Way

(Continued from page 649) benefactor proved to be Frank W.

Steel power tools have made it possible for the Otterstrom of Los Angeles, California.

amateur to make highquality furniture. With a What a thrill and testimony we retrue-running saw, for example, you can be sure of ceived from this brother's letter, exprecise cuts and tight joints. Multipurpose steel plaining that in his seventyfifth year

power tools furnish the accuracy and remove the he is still active and working for a drudgery from workshop projects. living. He explained, "I always have

my eyes and ears open to detect cases where a book might do some good."

His books have created the position of librarian in our group. It is occupied by a young LDS man recently

reconverted to the faith.

a joy and testimony this What UNITED STATES STEEL positionyoung manin hasthe receivedChurch, fromand hisbelievenew me we have a fastcirculating library.

What a blessing similar acts such as * Commercial Dept. * Savings Dept. this could be to both sender and re-

* Checking Accounts * Trust Dept. ceiver.

* Special Checking * Bank By Mail * Callin Dept. * Safe Deposit Boxes A package from a loving wife at

* Abstracts and Title Insurance **< home to a member of our group brought us songbooks for our meetings. There were enough for everyone. The books were those discarded

from active use in the wards at home, but they are excellent for use in our meet We of singing 235 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH servicemen'soften, and we meetings.were tired

Member Federal Reserve Systerr the limited songs in the little hymn booklets provided for the servicemen.

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The package arrived just in time for testimony meeting, and testimonies of gratitude were expressed for the gift and the giver. We know,

as the scriptures tell us, that these testimonies are recorded in heaven. The satisfying

rpHE only time I have ever seen a -* GI late for chow was during mail call. Now I can understand why mailto men fighting on the front line in allfamily drink

battle has A-I priority.

Is a letter from home important?

We servicemen surely think so!

f*os?tif*

Solomon Mack and his Family

(Continued from page 632) Ham Henry, were now assembled more than fifteen thousand men; and the shores, the

foot of the mountains, and the broken plains between them were studded thick with tents.... Abercrombie raised to his place

by political influence, was little but the $HS&4& nominal commander....

Pitt meant that the actual command of the army should be in the hands of Brigadier

Lord Howe, and he was in fact its real chief; "the noblest Englishman that has appeared in my time, and the best soldier in

the British army,"says Wolfe. And he

elsewhere speaks of him as "that great man."

Abercrombie testifies to the universal respect and love with which officers and men regarded him, and Pitt calls him "a character of ancient times; a complete model of

military virtue."High as this praise is, it

seems to have been deserved. The young

nobleman, who was then in his thirtyThis large 8-ounce jar of Instant Postum makes up to 100 cups!

fourth year, had the qualities of a leader of men. The army felt him, from general

to drummerboy. He was its soul....

During the past year he had studied theart of forest warfare, and joined Rogers and Instant Postum contains his rangers in their scoutingparties, sharing all their hardships and making himself oneof them..,. no caffein or other drug

On the evening of the fourth of July, baggage, stores, and ammunition were all on board the boats, and the whole army Everyone from Granddad to your youngest toddler can enjoy of the morning on theembarked fifth. Instant Postum. It's harmless because it's caffeinfree—with no

perfect. corps arrangements were EachThe

marched without confusion to its appointed drugs or stimulants of any kind station the the beach, and on sun was Postum has plenty of flavor though—a hearty goodness that'sscarcely ridge of the above French Mountain

when all were afloat. A spectator watching wonderfully warm and satisfying.

shore says that the fromthem when the It's ready to drink in an instant, too, made right in the cup by its three way, miles the suronfleet was face of the lake at that distance was comadding hot water or—for growing youngsters—hot milk.

pletely hidden from sight. There were nine Why not serve Instant Postum to your family at mealtimes? thirtyfive bateaux, andhundred a hundred

whaleboats, and a large number of heavy It's familypriced—less than a penny a cup! Another wonderful

flatboats carrying the artillery. The whole product of General Foods.

advanced in three divisions, the regulars in the centre, and the provincials on the flanks. Each corps had its flags and its

themusic. fair and was The day 17men and

spirits. highest in theofficers were

J 9ru&t(C Instant Postum By noon the next day the whole army was on shore at the northern No caffein (Continued on following page)

"Parkman, op. cit., Vol. II, pp. 292, 294296, 298.

SEPTEMBER 1955 663 SOLOMON MACK AND HIS FAMILY

(Continued from preceding page) Lord Howe, with Major Israel Putnam and of the LEARNING end of Lake George. The army in two hundred rangers, was the head

four columns began its march in the principal column, which was a little in addirection of Trout Brook, through a vance of the three others. Suddenly the

sharply from the...BY dense and heavy forest, obstructed challenge, Qui vivel rang

reply. Francais! was the in front. with undergrowth and encumbered thickets

fired deceived: they were not Langy's men

trees. with fallen small French A! returned; were bushes. of the out The shots MAGIC scouting party under enwere Langy followed; Lord Howe and skirmish a hot

countered near the function of Trout dropped dead, shot through the breast. All

Long before children know the Brook with the river of the outlet. was confusion. The dull, vicious reports of

meaning of words, eager young ears and minds respond to the magic of their rhythm. Bright, beautiful

colors, too, have a magic all their own.

Childcraft makes the most of the "magic"in helping your child learn by looking and listening.

You'll find enchanting stories and Richard L. Evans

poems selected to suit his years, vividly illustrated in full color. this question again of wondering when we are going

riddles, On and are songs, games, There very are and children young to there": our "get When

his suit activities to creative other think what us, perhaps we sometimes dependent we upon sections interests. growing And the

if free And from responsibility. more were do would we Literature, Science, Music, Art, on

and History, help you build a wellthen the time comes when we are more free from that kind rounded, cultured personality. 1 of responsibility, and in looking back we find that it was

one of the sweetest, most enjoyable parts of life. We should

Magic is fun! And Childcraft has enjoy our children when we have them around us. They

almost proved to be the magic starting inwon't always be with us. It is wonderful to be part of of learning, from way

to enjoy the journey. fancy, with a profound effect on a things, to be needed, to be wanted—and

child's future. For all this, all 15 Not any of us can plan fully for the future, because the unwonderful volumes of Childcraft expected always enters in. There are almost always obliaccidents are gations think. and cost less than For full you illnesses—the worries—there

information, F. I write Mr. William that of exceeding has a budget unexpected way and bills—the I Hayes, Dept. 3249, Box 3565, itself—the things that cost more than we counted on—the

Chicago 54, Illinois. unfinished things that are always there to be done. And

then add to all this, all the other problems and perplexities

CHILDCRAFT 14 providing,of young parents—problemsproblems of preparingof employment,and buildingproblemssolidly forof

America's child famous the future. But every time of life has its problems, and its plan development compensations. Youth has its problems, too—and so does

FIELD ENTERPRISES, INC. age. But we live through each part of life only once. We

Educational Division 1 don't go back. And instead of wishing that any part of it

Merchandise Mart Plaza, were over, instead of living always for something that is

Chicago 54, Illinois. never now, we should find some sweetness and accomplish- 1 ment and compensation in every hour. And to you in your

younger married years, with all the problems of young parents upon you: It is probable that as you live out all the

long years of life you will never find anything essentially sweeter than the tight circling of a baby's arms around your neck; or a child, his hand in yours, walking with you; or a

boy's arm around your shoulders in the quiet confidence of an evening hour. Don't wish for each part of life to be

past. Despite all the problems and the pressures, enjoy the

Courtesy "Where It's is a Custom journey. a it good world and made a good life—God and Service is Dependable"

to us to so, and it is find the sweetness up in it, to find what |BUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM we can of heaven here, until we arrive, with our loved ones,

FROM TEMPLE SQUARE Ik? Courtc at that heaven which is everlastingly hereafter.

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING DODGE PLYMOUTH 17, 1955 SYSTEM, ]ULY 1000 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah Copyright, 1955 i

"Utah's Largest DodgePlymouth Dealer"i yc 664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

at first few woods, thick inmusketry and Distinctive... different... and

volleys, rapidscattering, in fierce and then reached the troops behind. They could so practical! Here is dining

hear, but see nothing. Already harassed furniture that glamourizes

and perplexed, they became perturbed. For your entire livingdining

all they knew, Montcalm's whole army was area, yet stays lovely and upon them. Nothing prevented a panic new looking.

rangers, mainof the steadiness who thebut

till the rest back BLACK METAL DINING FURNITURE came fight alone thetained to their senses. Rogers, with his reconAvailable at better furniture and

noitering party, and the regiments of Fitch department stores throughout and Lyman, were at no great distance in the country.

front. They all turned on hearing the

musketry, and thus the French were caught between two fires. They fought with Charcoal,

desperation. About fifty of them at length Blond or

escaped; a hundred and fortyeight were MinkMelamineWalnut

captured, and the rest killed or drowned in plastic trying to cross the rapids. The loss of the laminatedtops.

English was small in numbers, but immeasurable in the death of Howe. "The

fall of this noble and brave officer,"says

Rogers, "seemed to produce an almost general languor and consternation 'through the whole army.""In Lord Howe,"writes another contemporary, Major Thomas Mante,

"the soul of General Abercrombie's army seemed to expire. From the unhappy moment the General was deprived of his advice, neither order nor discipline was observed, and a strange kind of infatuation

usurped the place of resolution."The death

of one 18 man was the ruin of fifteen thousand.

It is probable that Solomon Mack Send 1CV for informative booklet—

was serving with the rangers under "Things to Know About Contemporary

Israel Putnam. Yet his account is Furniture."Address Dept I.

45, California Angeles VIRTUE CO. Los BROS. MFG.

CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES! THEmodest in its brevity: "ETERNAL VIGILANCE IS THE PRICE... DEFEND OF LIBERTY"

There was a severe battle fought, Lord

Howe was killed,... his body was embalmed and carried to England.

The next day we marched to the breastthe to retreat with obliged were andworks Setting -there is half the -fliit / killed many and as five hundredloss of more wounded; but I escaped very narrowly A familiar sight along

by a musket ball passing under my chin, the Irish Coast, the perhaps within half an inch of my neck. 27,000ton Britannic

In this rencontre [sic] I had no reflection maintains a highly

I thought I had that by my good luckonly transatlantic popular 19 shot. a narrowescaped service between

Montcalm sought to defend TiconNew York, Cobh and deroga by hewing down thousands of Liverpool. Luxurious in

trees and piling the trunks one upon accommodations and another to form a massive breastwork appointments,Britannic possessesthe at the on the top of a ridge, between eight same time a sunny, and nine feet high. The space in friendly atmosphere

front was cleared by cutting down preferred by many the trees and letting them lie where travelers who seek an they fell among the stumps. Right in ocean voyage just long

front of the breastworks the ground enough to fully savor was covered with heavy boughs, the perfection of Cunard

.."overlapping and interlaced, with food and service

sharpened points bristling into the to enjoy a really of measure quills satisfying like the of the assailantsface life. festive shipboard

stopping 18 Withoutof a porcupine."

also Britannic The to batter this barricade with heavy offers a leisurely cruise cannon, Abercrombie hastily ordered to the Mediterranean a frontal attack. "Leadership pereach winter.

ished with Lord Howe, and nothing was left but blind, headlong valor."18 See your Cunardauthorized

(To be continued) Travel Agent and.. CUNARD BRITANNIC QQ CARONIA QUEEN ELIZABETH QUEEN MARY MAURETANIA PARTHIA MEDIA

SAMARIA FRANCONIA SCYTHIA ASCANIA SAXON1A IVERNIA Ibid.,laA Narrativepp. 303304,of Solomon307, 309.Mack, p. 7.

SEPTEMBER 1955 665

and conforms his living to God's other

Elders Quorums commandments.

Quorums of Elders of providing salvation for the dead, Second—Stake Melchizedek PriestFirst—Elders Quorums nation,and of preachingkindred, tongue,the gospelandtopeopleevery hoodIn orderCommitteeto help carry forward the

Elders quorums are organized on a throughout the entire world. supervising and directing of the Melstake basis. They are operated dichizedek Priesthood work in the

rectly by the stake president, chairResponsibilities of Stake stake, especially that of the elders man of the stake Melchizedek PriestPresidencies Toward Elders quorums, the stake presidency is prohood committee, assisted by his two Quorums vided with a stake Melchizedek counselors and the high council memPriesthood committee which is combers whom the stake president apFirst—Responsibilities of Stake Presiposed of the stake president, as

points to work under his direction dencies chairman, "and as many members with the elders. Elders quorums in Stake presidencies are responsible of the high council as are necessary,

the mission field operate under the for the effective operation of the but in no case fewer than three."2

direction of the mission presidency. priesthood program throughout their No stake presidency should attempt

Elders quorums in the stakes of individual stakes, and thereby they to operate a stake and direct the

Zion are composed of all the elders are directly responsible for the elders priesthood activities therein unless he living in one or more wards of the quorum presidencies and the work organizes a stake Melchizedek comstake in accordance with the number done by them and by the quorum mittee and makes full use of it.

of elders available. In each stake the members. Stake presidencies have a Regarding this committee, the followquorums are numbered consecutively, definite responsibility toward every ing appears in the Melchizedek

beginning with number one. Melchizedek Priesthood quorum withPriesthood Handbook, p. 1 1

Priesthood Melchizedek comThe stake represents Second—Size of Elders Quorums ina responsibilitytheir stake boundstoward everyand therebypriestmittee presidency the stake

According to a revelation on priesthood holder. We read in the.MeZthe direction and supervision of all quorumsin

hood and church government, an chizedek Priesthood Handbook, p. 10: of the Melchizedek Priesthood within the

elders quorum is to consist of ninetystake. This committee is appointed to be

six members, 1 and a quorum should superviseIt is theMelchizedekduty of the Priesthoodstake presidencyquorums.to Melchizedekan aid to thePriesthoodstake presidency.committeeThedoesstakenot

not be organized with fewer memNo stake president should permit. a quorum preside, but supervises under the direction of

bers than fortynine, which number to mark time month after month without the stake presidency.

constitutes a quorum majority. If giving serious thought and attention to the

duties required If of officers quorums. Third—Opportunities will to Assist Elders there are cases elders where quorums

serve not conscientiously, others then should Quorums contain fewer than operating an selected mabe have ability the who inand It is in their directing elders of the jority, stake presidencies are advised clination. Stake presidencies, with the help

to unite those quorums with others; of the high councilors, are charged with the quorums that the stake presidency

and then they could be operated as responsibility of following up this labor to and the Melchizedek Priesthood comis given proper mittee of their most can do some untilelders groups they become authoritysee that everyperformsmanhiswhoduty. vital work. following suggesThenumerically strong rightfully enough

to become quorums. All stake presidencies throughout tions were printed on the "Melchizethe Church are urged to see that the dek Priesthood Page"of The ImEra, February, 1954:Third—Purposes of Elders Quorums quorum presidents under their jurisprovement

Elders quorums are organized for diction hold weekly meetings of the Of all assignments connected with Melthe specific purpose of helping every presidencies, weekly group or quorum chizedek Priesthood work, high councilors elder to attain a condition of wellmeetings, monthly quorum business could probably do the most needed and effective the elders with work quorums.being in body, mind, and spirit meetings, that and

efforts will result they magnify Their untold in an amount includeswhich the economic, spirtheir callings in all respects. of in helping further good the of the work

itual, and moral welfare of each elder Since the stake president is the Lord in diligently and intelligently working and his family. The same holds true chairman of the stake Melchizedek with various elders quorums of their stake.

office holding of The the in elder the men otherwith Melchizedek Priesthood Priesthood committee, of the work constitute Church the of majority adult thequorums. directing the elders in his stake is male membersihp, thereby furnishing a principal purposes The of elders his. This he does the through quomarvelous opportunity to the high councilorsquorums—as well as the other Melrum presidencies; and so it is sugassigned to work with that group. Their

efforts should be directed toward helpingchizedek Priesthood quorums—are to gested that the stake president work

to increase activities the in the varioushelp accomplish the Church elders its diwith the presidencies quorum elders quorums, resulting in increase in anvine mission of perfecting the Saints, to the end that each of those member 1D. & C. 107:89. presidencies becomes a full tithepayer 1948),'Melchizedekp. 11. Priesthood Handbook (Salt Lake Citv.

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

the righteousness of the members in general power to direct all the activities of the year in order to have that asand of their families. the quorum, each quorum member signment thoroughly and completely

Stake presidencies and high councilors becomes the concern of the presidone before the year closes.

should keep in mind the fact that there are no other assignments in the stakes dency. Thus, the presidency has the b. Presidencies'Visits at Time of

which need the work of high councilors responsibility of working with each Sickness and Death more than does the elders'program, and quorum member and his family until probably nowhere else could high councilors they conform their living to all the It is apparent that at the time of of families effective do in the or beneficial more sickness death and work than standards gospel restored of the in helping to improve the of these work of elders the quoquorums, of members asChrist. is a gigantic Jesus This bringing men, less the active into ones their find presidencies opmost rum activity. carries signment tremendous which The General Authorities of the

Church encourage high councilors to enresponsibility and should so be conportune time to accomplish a great gage in this work wholeheartedly. sidered by every young man who reamount of good by visiting the famceives an appointment in a presiilies and offering to them all the comElders Quorum Presidencies dency of an elders quorum. forteldersandareaid hospitalized,possible. Certainlythe quorumwhen

First—Choosing and Setting Apart of Specific Responsibilities of Elders presidenciesprobably takeshouldthem visitflowers,the hospital,and cerPresidencies Quorum Presidencies tainly encourage them in behalf of

Elders presidents are chosen by the the quorum.

to AcBecome stake presidency, approved the First—Presidencies by c. Presidencies Visits to Reactivate Every quainted with Quorum high council, sustained by the quorum members, and set apart by the Member Quorum Members

stake presidency or their high counIt is the specific duty of all presiOne of the principal duties of the cil representative. Presidents, with dencies of elders'quorums throughout presidencies of elders quorums is to

the approval of the stake presidency, the entire Church to become perreactivate quorum members. Since

choose their counselors. sonally acquainted with all their many of the young men who receive

quorum members. They should bethe office of an elder in the MelchizePriesthood are young and of Second—Keys Held by Presidencies come acquainted with the economic dek

The keys of directing the various status, the occupation, the abilities meager experience, they at times are assignments given to elders in their and attitudes, the personal habits, and less active in the Church than are of the seventies of the members many of spirituality the quality of each presidencies the quorums are held by fact priests quorums. This high and as far as is humanly member It is of those quorum such quorums. through

keys that the presidencies carry forpossible. This in itself is a big aswithin itself places a major responsiof elders presidencies the upon it since takes nearly one bility of their signment priesthood the work ward

less visit to the the homes of quorums, to contitute one quohundred men direcrespective the quorums under and activate members quorum three there are only rum, and memactive tion stake of the presidency—who and the priesthood program them in It bers in is obvious presidency. the of the priesthood over keys the hold

the entire stake under the direction that as many assignments as possible the program of the Church in genof the First Presidency. These keys should be given to quorum members. eral. Quorum presidencies should

take advantage of every opportunity of the priesthood are held by elders less active to their efforts in induce quorum presidencies until they are Second—Presidencies to Visit Elders attend to quorum members quorum released from their positions and Quorum Members meetings, quorum socials, work on

others appointed in their stead. a. Presidencies Annual Visits to All quorum projects, and affiliate themselves in other ways with the quorum. Third—General Responsibilities of Quorum Members

Elders Presidencies Elders quorum presidencies are d. Presidencies Welfare Visits

of Authorities General asked by the presidencies elders Since quorum the following revealed Lord The to annual visit make an the Church in responsibility definite a have of the responsibilities to regards in to every quorum member. These regards to the economic welfare of elders presidencies:

annual visits supply excellent opporquorum members, elders 'in economic

Again, the duty of the president over the tunities for quorum presidencies to distress should be visited by the office of elders is to preside over ninetysix become personally acquainted with presidencies for the purpose of ascerelders, and to sit in council with them, and each of the quorum members. Also, taining what help could be rendered.

to teach them according to the covenants.3 as a result of these visits, the quorum Helping to find employment, or more

presidencies are able to make proper advantageous employment, for elders presielders Since quorum each reports their members. quorum upon constitutes a major opportunity and

is set called the and dency by Lord necesit is quite that It is apparent responsibility of elders quorum presidivinely his appointed apart through presidencies for elders sary quorum dencies.

*D. & C. 107:89. to begin their annual visits early in (Continued on page 670)

SEPTEMBER 1955 667 ThePresiding

Success in Ward Teaching Requires Unified Effort

of Stake and Ward Leaders and Ward Teachers

A successfulon a stake basis,ward isteachinga processprogram,of comTheysupervisorsare thearemotivators.key men in this program.

plete cooperation. Beginning with the Ward teaching instructors should instake presidency and continuing with spire ward teachers through good inmembers of the high council, the stake struction to do improved teaching. Stake

committee on ward teaching, bishoprics, and ward secretaries should keep their division supervisors, secretaries, ward reports currently up to date.

teaching instructors, and ward teachers, Ward teachers are on the front line.

the united effort of all is necessary beThere can be no success unless they do fore success is attained. After the stake their duty well. They are the defenders

presidency sets up the objectives, then of the faith, watchmen on the tower.

it is the responsibility of all concerned If they "see that all the members do to work -to the end that each goal may their duty,"there will be improvement be achieved. and progress. If all of those named are

Some leaders have become discouraiming to visit ninety percent of the aged because the results obtained have families in the stake each month and not been what they were hoping for. are sincerely working to achieve this

There are also those who feel they are record, the chances for accomplishing on the verge of failure. There is an this objective are far greater than if no Kenneth Hubbs

old proverb that says, "Not failure, but goal has been set or the aim is conlow aim, is often our greatest weakness."siderably lower. It is better to aim for

It is our opinion that few, if any, have the stars and only reach the mountain- "Mormon"Boy Wins Acclaim failed in the promotion of the ward top than to have no aim at all.

teaching program, but there are some The American Legion award "for the whose aims have not been as high as best allaround boy,"presented in honor they should have been. Success in this of the late Edward Carrey, active

do is not spontaneous.program We not Check Individual Legionnairethe Colton Unionand longtimeHigh Schoolmemberfaculty,of resultdrift to success. the It comes as

thatof following plans wellintegrated Award Records Now wentSan Bernardinoto Kenneth(California)Hubbs, ColtonStake.Ward,

call the for constant on work and effort sport in lettered in every Kenneth part year an appeal make we "dislast of all who accept the responsibility Each high to our junior year school and of participating. stake leaders of Aaronic ward and citizenship excellent played on campus

While there should be a division of Priesthood under 21 to make a careful and in'classes."

responsibility, no leader can delegate cumulative check of each boy's record He is president of the deacons'quohis share of the work to someone else from the first of the year. We repeat rum and a first class Scout.

and at the same time expect progress. and emphasize the appeal now.

The stake presidency is responsible for Each year it is sad to note how many keeping the stake Committee on ward boys fail to earn their individual awards teaching organized and functioning. It by such narrow margins as to indicate AWARD RECORDS

is also its responsibility to set up proper they were not given the consideration objectives and give continuous direction and personal care they needed earlier Record to August 1, 1955 to the program. The stake committee in the year. Stake Awards 23

is responsible for the overall promotion It is also sad to note how many memWard Awards 611 of the work on both stake and ward bers of bishoprics are obliged to assume 100% Seals 3,043 levels and is responsible to the stake full responsibility for one or more Aaronic Priesthood Pins 6,720 presidency for the promotion of this failures in the award program. The Priests 7,183

program. brethren are embarrassed since we canTeachers 7,326

The bishop should wholeheartedly dinot grant awards unless the minimum Deacons 9,680 rect the ward teaching program in the requirements are met. We do not make Total Individual Awards....24,189

a It is unfortunate this exceptions. when share should His counselorsward. Last Year's Record—Total neglect. boy fails because of his own responsibility member with him. Each

of the bishopric is expected to direct the But when a young man fails because his Stake Awards 12 work in one of the three ward teaching leader failed to do his share, it is parWard Awards 364 divisions into which the ward is divided. ticularly sad. 100% Seals 1,711

Division supervisors, working under the There are four months remaining in Priests 3,305 direction of a member of the bishopric, this year. Let us make them pay diviTeachers 5,065

should relieve them of detail and foot dends especially in boys brought back Deacons 9,775 work, but report at regular intervals into activity or induced to become more Total Individual Awards....18,145

the progress of the work. Division active.

668 THE'IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Ward Aaronk Priesthood Leadership Meeting to Include YMMIA leaders in Part One

Bishops are reminded that YMMIA one's responsibility or program is not leaders of young men 12 to 21, as to be delegated to the other.

designated by the general board, are to Part one of the ward Aaronie Priestattend part one of the ward Aaronie hood leadership meeting simply provides

Preisthood leadership meeting each the bishopric with the opportunity to month. ( 1 ) inquire of Aaronie Priesthood and

Attendance of these auxiliary leaders YMMIA leaders as to the nature and is the responsibility of the YMMIA extent of recreational activities for boys superintendency. for the coming month, etc., (2) make

The same order of business for part any necessary adjustments to avoid conone is to be followed as outlined in the flicts or unequal distribution of such Robert Lloyd Robert Oliphant

Aaronie Priesthood Handbook except events between the two organizations, either groups or both will that, in addition, (3) assign the bishopric of Challenging Award Records to necessary, a more corleaders, when to the personal direction give such relation and distribution of recreational vigorous promotion of this part of our Challenging award records come in activities for young men of Aaronie program for young men. pairs in the Hillcrest Ward, Sharon

Priesthood ages as will give each of the When part one of the meeting is (Utah) Stake.

two organizations its rightful share of ended, the YMMIA leaders separate into Robert (left), a convert to the Church, these attractions for young men. their own meeting, while the bishopric has earned five individual Aaronie

The bringing of the YMMIA leaders and the Aaronie Priesthood leaders conPriesthood awards, and Robert (right) to the leadership meeting does not imply tinue with parts two and three as outhas earned seven awards in as many in any way that they are responsible lined in the Aaronie Priesthood Handyears. Both have earned the Aaronie

for all recreation for young men. The book. Priesthood pin.

Aaronie Priesthood leaders have always had a specific responsibility to institute and carry forward a priesthood social DEACONS, SHREVEPORT WARD, DALLAS (TEXAS) STAKE, SET CHALLENGING ACTIVITY RECORD and recreational program of their own.

Of course, it is urged that Aaronie

Priesthood and YMMIA leaders always cooperate with each other in such events. But each organization has its

specific responsibility in this matter, and

Ordinations Should Be

Performed Promptly

in that, to believe are not boys Wesomehaveinstances,reason worthy being ordained teachers at fourteen and priests at sixteen as authorized by the

First Presidency and as announced by the Presiding Bishopric last October.

The authorized schedule for ordination to, and advancement in, the Aaronie Priesthood is as follows: Front row, left to right, Floyd M. Yates, adviser; Hershel Culpepper, secretary; Joe

B. Burns, second counselor; Parris G. Cobb, first counselor; Karl M. Larsen, quorum

president.

Deacons.12 years of age Back row, Kyle W. Stephenson, Roger Strickland, James Ray Hildebrand, Jerry D.

Teachers 14 years of age Strickland, Kelly Strickland, John A. Roberts, Mike Strickland, Don S. Hildebrand.

Priests 16 years of age We are delighted to direct attention to the excellent record of these deacons in the Shreveport (Louisiana) Ward of the young Dallas Stake.

Bishops should recommend worthy According to Albert T. Bell, Jr., secretary of the ward committee, these deayoung men to the stake presidency for cons filled 370 priesthood assignments during May; they serve as junior companordination to elders at age nineteen. ions in ward teaching; they gather fast offerings regularly; they are efficient ushers

Stake committees should follow in both sacrament meeting and Sunday School. Their quorum service project is

through with each bishopric to guard to keep the meetinghouse grounds clean and the grass cut regularly.

against any neglect in the matter of Congratulations to Bishop Frank Howard Turner and his counselors, Marion priesthood ordinations and advanceFrancis Barnhill and Donald O. Funk, for their leadership as the presidency of

ments. the Aaronie Priesthood in Shreveport.

SEPTEMBER 1955 669 Melchizedek Priesthood

{Continued from page 667) WHmk Third—Presidencies to Care for the

Personal Welfare of Quorum Members Of it's yours Elders quorum presidencies are to be cognizant of their responsibilities to help each elder in his respective quorum to attain a degree of economic independence and wellbeing that will assure him adequate food, clothing, fuel, housing, other physical comforts, and educational advantages for himself and his family.

Elders quorum presidencies should be thoroughly acquainted with the economic condition of each quorum member and with his capabilities so that they can intelligently watch for and take advantage of every opportunity to improve the economic status with a ribbon 'round it ofariseeachwhichquorumwouldmember.be to theWheneconomicjobs

advantage of any member of the quorum, steps should be taken immediately to secure such positions for the

OUR NEW BESTWAY SERVICE MAKES presidencyquorum member.would workCertainlythrough comthe

HOME OWNERS OUT OF mittees and the quorum members in

HOME WANTERS IN JIG TIME! general to accomplish these desirable

goals.

There's a time for dreaming... but not when you're

ready to build a new home! That's the time you want action and action is just what we're prepared Fourth—Presidencies to Support the

First, to give. we'll help you to prepare your credit Church Welfare Program

report take and care of other important preliminary steps. Then we can help you choose a plan from One of the duties of the elders the hundreds of among available. modern ones

Then we'll start selecting the quality materials to go quorum presidencies is to see that one into the structure while lining new we're comup a of their members serves on the ward petent, reliable local contractor. finally, we'll And welfare committee and to cooperate a construction loan you make to get your new home

underway. It's a finer, faster way to build. Come with the bishop in supplying elders to

in today and find out about BESTWAY. help carry forward the Church welfare program.

'"Fifth—Elders Quorum Presidencies to

Devise to Means and Ways Get ifflBIEB? 61 Active in the Every Member Priesttime plan -J payment

hood and in Rendering Obedience to God's Commandments No elders presidency should rest

Here's the milk that helps contentedly when one or more of the quorum members are not active in the

Melchizedek Priesthood and are not you be a better cook! commandments.living fully in harmonyRememberwiththeGod'sSavior's parables of the lost coin and the

i lost sheep. All quorum presidencies

are to search out the ones who have flock—i.e.,strayed fromthosethe whomainarebodynot oftakingthe

advantage of all the opportunities offered by the quorum. It should be

remembered that quorum presidencies should devise every means possible to 670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

bring the less active members into full activity. This in itself is an assignment which challenges the most

capable leaders, taxing their ingenuity to the limit. It is expected that the

members of the most humble quorum presidency, as well as of those more highly trained, will do their very best at all times—and that is all that any

quorum presidency can do. God exEverything it takespects no more—but he does expect

that much; and he will give a full to be

measure of reward to his servants who do their very best at all times to buildup the kingdom of the Master by TOPS magnifying their callings in the Melchizedek Priesthood to the best of their abilities.

Therefore, O ye that embark in the service of God, see that ye serve him with allyour heart, might, mind and strength, that UTOCO ye may stand blameless before God at the last day.* mid., 4:2. GASOLINES

(To be continued) Balanced for Top Performance Presumptuous Sins For All Cars in this Area (Concluded from page 623) Abinadi tells us why. MORE POWER

GREATER ECONOMY all those that perished in their have...

Mileage Longer Cleaner Burningsins since the that ever began, world have

Noncorrosive wilfully rebelled against have God, that known the commandments of God, and SMOOTHER OPERATION would not keep them; these are they that High Antiknock No Vapor Lock

have no part in the Erst resurrection. Quick Starts Fast Warm Up

(Mosiah 15:26.) Smooth Acceleration

Deliberate, wilful disobedience to For happiest motoring, the laws of God was in the beginning stop at UTOCO stations among the greatest of sins. It has—clean rest rooms

been so through the ages. It is no—finest, friendly service

less so now that we approach the final—highest—specializedqualitylubricationmotor oil

scenes of God's great drama in that era seen in vision by all the past great prophets and about which they wrote with awesome pen.

Light and knowledge was to characterize this dispensation. It does.

Greater things are yet to come. It is

itthe highest of honors to play a part You expect more from UTOCO and you get in this unfolding drama. Where

much light is given much activity is 0ub 3emfiie 'View inina Retimexpected. &

The quickest way to cut down our effectiveness is through presumptuous sin.

SUMMER STREAM

By Pauline Havard i|uT WhereIN the summerquiet, countryfragrancesdark abound, Rooms for parties and meetings

We hear the river rippling past,

Lacing the night with silver sound. Good Food

Prices Reasonable is still, bird sings once then andA A Treat For flight; rustling in wingsFollowed by

The listening stream takes up the air All The Family

And threads its echo through the night.

SEPTEMBER 1955 671 THE TINY VOICE (Concluded from page 637) fellows wouldn't show up either. so fine. I've wanted to scream 'no'

Td LylecalledGordon.Mitch intoHethewentofficealmostwith toAfterlookallouttheyfor, hadand theirthey'downstringinterestsalong weeks."a thousand times in the past few

reluctantly. He might as well get it with Ed. "Needless to say, Lyle Gordon was

over with. He took a deep shaky He ate a late lunch and went home, impressed."

breath as he drew up a chair beside hoping that Anne wouldn't ask too "You mean he wasn't sore?"Mitch

them. Gordon took the drawings many questions. He was relieved to asked incredulously.

and looked them over. find her too excited about the party to "Oh, a little. But maybe he saw

He discussed them in detail, and wonder why he was home so early. some of himself in you. Gordon's a

whenever he questioned Ed, Mitch He'd have to find somewhere else to big man; he gets what he goes after."

heard himself backing him up. He work, and that wasn't going to be "What about the building?"Mitch

was nodding his head and saying easy. asked.

"yes"to Ed over and over again. "Anything wrong?"Anne asked. "What about it?"Ed asked, smil-

"These look fine,"Lyle said after "No, of course not,"he said, trying ing. "If I know you, you've got some

the discussion ended. "I see a change to sound cheerful. "What do you pretty wild ideas chasing around in

or two I'd like to make, but they're want me to do?"your head."

not bad."He helped her get their small house "Well,"Mitch replied, "come over

"They're awful!"Mitch said. in order, dried the dishes for her, and here. I'll show you what I've got."

He felt his face flame red. He did a million other chores. He whirled the drawing board

hadn't meant to say that, but it had The guests began to arrive, and the around and dug some papers out of slipped out, unbidden. He felt a sud- * living room was buzzing with the desk. Ed studied them for a long

den surge of recklessness. voices. The doorbell rang again, and while. Mitch watched his face

Goodbye promotion, goodbye job! he went to answer it. He stepped anxiously.

Some anniversary present for Anne! back with surprise when he saw Ed. "Bring them to the office tomorrow

He began to feel a little sick. He'd "Happy anniversary, Mitch,"he morning,"Ed said. "I think Gordon

finally shot off his mouth. He'd said said, offering his hand. will want to see these."

"Yes"too many times today and for "Glad you could come. Thank "Whew!"Mitch sighed, unable to

the last few weeks. you."hide his relief. "I was afraid I'd

"They aren't what you want,""I want to talk to you,"Ed said have to tell Anne I'd been fired. That

Mitch rushed on. "You're Lyle Gorbluntly. would have been some anniversary

don. You've got a big name, you "Now?"present."

want a building with distinction!""Right now,"Ed said. "How about "You were right in standing up on

Lyle Gordon continued to stare at the den?"your own two feet,"Ed said. "Maybe

him, and he could feel Ed's carefully "All right,"Mitch said. I won't always agree with you, but

controlled anger. He was in for it. Ed was going to be yourself. Nothing's worth build-

"I think you'd better leave, Mitch. give him a good dressing down. He ing if it's not your honest best. Re-

I think Mr. Gordon is capable of desupposed he deserved it, but he member that."

ciding what kind of building he wished that he would have at least Mitch nodded his head. Ed slapped

wants,"Ed said. waited until tomorrow. him hard on the back.

is supposed Mitch rose uneasily to his feet. He He followed Ed into the den and "Come on, boy, this

somehow couldn't feel too sorry for closed the door. Ed sat down, and to be a party."

what he'd done. It was something that for a moment there was not a sound Mitch laughed and opened the door

had been building inside him for too in the room but the muffled voices for Ed. He glanced once more over

long. It had to break loose sometime. that echoed back from the party. his shoulder at the drawings on the

Maybe now that tiny voice would be "Just what got into you today?"desk. He couldn't hold down the grin

stilled and wouldn't scream at him Ed asked. that spread over his face.

in his sleep. "Well, Ed, I—"jl/faybe he'd get to see those draw-

"I had to speak my mind, Ed. I've "Speak up, Mitch."*-*-* ings come to life yet. Mitch had

got to build the kind of things I know "I just didn't like the plans,"Mitch a fierce, intense desire to build that are right,"Mitch said. "Otherwise finally said. building for Lyle Gordon. This was

I'm cheating myself.""Why didn't you say so before?"something all his own, and he knew

He turned and went out of the Ed asked, darting him a quick glance. if he fought for it it would live.

office. Bert Ellis looked up at him "You used to speak up. That was "By the way,"Ed said, "tell Anne

with a question in his eyes. one of the main reasons I hired you."the promotion is yours starting next

"It's all yours,"Mitch said, with "I guess I had promotionitis,"month."

a wave of his hand. Mitch said with a sigh. Mitch felt surprise leap to his

He picked up his hat and left the "Hmm,"Ed frowned. "You know throat. Ed was grinning, enjoying

building. He walked the streets for you could have cost us one of our the baffled look on his face.

awhile, wondering how he could biggest deals.""Where's Anne?"Mitch asked. He

break the news to Anne. He decided "I know,"Mitch replied. "I'm sorhurried towards the kitchen looking

finally he'd wait until the party was ry, I should have known better. I for her. He heard Ed's amused

over. He'd make some explanation was just sick of agreeing and trying chuckle behind him. What an annifor Ed's absence. Probably the other to pretend I thought everything was versary. What an anniversary!

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Choose Your CHURCH University For a BALANCED EDUCATION

1-academic

Leadership in the technical world is reserved for those with specialized training.

BYU offers this training in 47 departments, taught by an outstanding faculty with finest equipment.

2-spiritual

Spiritual growth, too, is a vital part of the BYU program. Inspired Church

leaders visit the campus regularly to guide and counsel in devotional assemblies.

3-physical

Here also is exceptional opportunity to develop and maintain a sound body for the sound mind during vital college years BYU facilities are unexcelled in the mountain area.

Freshman Orientation Sept. 22, 23, 24 For free catalog or information write to

Registration Sept. 26, 27 Registrar's Office, BYU, Provo, Utah

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY SEPTEMBER 1955 673.

SCIENCE EDUCATION IN UTAH AND THE CHURCH significant,influence of thesethis Churchinquiriesis perhapsare beingthe mademost in the present form.

(Continuedfrom page 635) men eminent in science than does any other state, to according of a survey Amerimade to writer In the could answer him,seminaries in Salt atCity, Lake L. by Thornof Science Dr. Edward can Men better to no quote than do our from of years agotempted a number of to dike University Teacher's ColColumbia

seek the cause of this enthusiasm for lege. Church literature, particularly the ineducation in Utah and started a reUtah's lead in this respect may be signifispired words of the Prophet as they

search on this subject. He communicant. What it signifies is yet to be disare recorded in the Doctrine and

is It for covered. to incident help research Covenants History and Documentary scientists incated with the many

this is this letter that subject on written the Church: of beforeintermountain west put and to of you, of one science America's men

intelliglory "The of God is of a rather pointedthem number the region. from intermountain

.. gence. 93:36.)."(D. & C.questions. In a letter to the writer are stage At this to deterattempting we

"It is for impossible a man to be said:he part, mine if any, what the Church Mormon

played in the production of the intermounsaved in ignorance."(Ibid., 131:6.)

As you may know, Utah produces per tain men of science. Since, of all differ- "A man is saved no faster than he

capita approximately thirty percent more ences between Utah and other states, the gets knowledge."(D.H.C. 4:588.)

"Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection.

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."

(D. & C. 130:1819.)

These quotations and many others are found in the Doctrine and Covenants and the compiled revelations of Joseph Smith and are accepted today along with the Bible and Book of Mormon as a standard guide. These

are cardinal principles laid down by a great and inspired prophet. They

are but a part of the greater philosophy and religion, the true greatness of which can never be told.

The Prophet Joseph Smith had a great desire to know the truth, and along with this desire was a great humility, realizing that in order to know he must search and find.

Through prayer, study, and hard

DA.Ltjl>*yy 1JS...brings greater scope to Electronic Organs work, he received the inspiration that

gave us our doctrines, our organizaBaldwin superiority in the electronic organ of all organs to play. A full range of models tions, our institutions, and our pracbrings the rich heritage and spiritual atmosallows you to select a Baldwin best suited tices in our present daily life. The

phere of the finest in traditional music to your individual needs. For most in organ Prophet gathered about him great

within the reach of every church. For quality, performance and value, Baldwin is souls of unlimited faith but of little

excels Baldwin in range both and fidelity logical choice. your affairs of the knowledge and learning

tone. of true organ controls Standard and Contact your Baldwin dealer or write for

lived. of the world they in which responsive action specific easiest the information. Baldwin make

So keen did they feel the necessity will Baldwin purchase finance your Baldwin Organ or Piano. ofany Ask of gaining more of the knowledge of dealer write your or this manufacturercustomer service. for details of

the world so that they could better

Baldwin builds a complete line of pianos for church and educational needs. compete with the world in the solution of their problems, that the ProphPIANO THE BALDWIN COMPANY et, through revelation, established the Division Organ

Cincinnati 2, Ohio School of the Prophets in Kirtland,

Ohio, December 27, 1833, wherein they were to be taught history, lanfull Please Piano Company, Organ Div. informaTheBaldwin send literature, science, Dept. IE95 guages, mathetion the following: on 1801 Gilbert Ave., Cincinnati 2, Ohio

religion. In fact, from matics, and Church Organs

Home Organs Name direct quotations we have:

Pianos Address Teach ye diligently and my grace shall Finance Plan

City.....Zone State. attend you, that you may be instructed more

I perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, 674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in the law of the gospel, in all things that When these men arrived in Salt Brigham Young University when the thepertain unto kingdom of God, that are Lake Valley they were again inspired late Dean Carl F. Eyring had this to

forexpedient to understand; you

to carry on these educational ideas. say concerning the study of science:

Of things both in heaven and in the earth, and under the earth; things which have In 1850 they established the Univer- I hope you will appreciate this building

been, things which are, things which must sity of Deseret (later the University and take care of it. Those of us that will

shortly come to pass; things which are at of Utah). In 1875 Brigham Young learn science here: I hope, above all else,

to scienthat that learn a be good we must things are abroad; thehome, which wars established was by BrigAcademy

tist, also person, the person a be must good perplexities nations, of the theand the and Karl Young; and when he chose faith in person with and an integrated God are land; thejudgments which a ham on and

knowledge also of countries and of king- G. Maeser as the first principal, he a performance in righteousness beyond redoms instructed him to establish this instiproach.

scientists I expect... to search you young tution with the not teach ideal—"Do dilias all faith, not seek ye have And for in laboratory. truth the God's You may or the alphabet the multiplication ofgently teach wisone words another and to give alone but, not us be able the answers

dom; yea, seek ye out of the best books words tables without the Spirit of God."working cooperatively, as we worked to

of wisdom; seek learning even by study and This same ideal was reflected in the build this building, you can build the

also by faith. (Ibid., 88:7879, 118.)

ceremonies incident to the dedication knowledgelonger, to livewhichmorewillnoblyhelpandus moreall toabunlive

And set in order the churches, and study of the Physical Science Building at dantly.

and learn, and become acquainted with all good books, and with languages, tongues, and people. (Ibid., 90:15.)

And do thou grant, Holy Father, that all those who shall worship in this house may be taught words of wisdom out of the best books, and that they may seek learning evenby study, and also by faith, as thou has POWER UP said;... (Ibid., 109:14.) P0WB-X

Likewise in the city of Nauvoo, they were no sooner established there than they had included in their charter as of December 16, 1840, a draft for a university which called for a chancellor, a registrar, and twentythree regents. Steps were taken immediately to establish this university in

Nauvoo. Great Church leaders like

Brigham Young, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, and Orson Pratt, astronomer and scientist; Parley P.

Pratt, philosopher; and many others

through whom they were able to accomplish tremendous tasks, took advantage of this opportunity. In fact, PowerPrimed

Orson Pratt, who was relatively unlearned when he entered the Church, with Rocket Fuel became one of the great astronomers and scientists of his day. He wrote A/eiv l-Iigh /h Octane. New Rocket Ce/away

textbooks on celestial mechanics and A/ew Su/ber Power - A/ew f-/igh lh Mileage the calculus. the way He surveyed

. Rustproof.. S?a//-/)/oof

into Salt Lake Valley in 1847, and mY/> RDII9 through his calculation on the stars he established the prime meridian and base line at the corner of South Temple and Main streets which served as the basis for most of the surveys made

Add power you can thereafter in Utah. In 1869 when feel by also using Sinclair

the Coast and Geodetic Survey of Extra Duty Motor Oil the United States government resur- veyed these areas with the besttrained engineers and the most precise instruAsk your Sinclair Dealer for the New Premium Gasoline.,

ments, the intersection of their base line and prime meridian was not far from that established twentytwo years earlier by Orson Pratt. This isa wonderful testimony to the stimulaSINCLAIR

tion given for learning by our religious leaders and our ideals for intellectual development.SEPTEMBER 1955 POWER-X 675

Lena Glaus Lena Glaus—Her Art

a ession

by A Ilie Howe

A comparable earnestness and enrecipe for ward banquets. Of course

is little thusiasm felt in as In a cook. Lena shrug of the this can shoulder be reduced as desired for

discussing of recipes she her some baking. family smiled,WithLenaa "I Glaus guess I

was just a naturalborn cook becomes as excited as if she were a and baker,"and her comment was piano virtuoso describing a classic Sour Pot Roast most apt, for those who are accadenza, for to her cooking is an art, (German Style) quainted with Lena and Arthur and practice makes perfect. By a

lb. roast lean pot sniff, glance, a tiny taste, or a is that first Glaus Lena 1 cooking know na-

1 large onion just knows ture to her recipe more what both of in spite them. of But leaves bay and mixed spices

being "naturalborn,"Lena laughed needs. Perhaps to achieve the same 1 cup wine vinegar

a little and said she had learned many effect as she does one would have to 1 cup water of the tricks from her chef husband cook by her side, but, by experiment- 5 ounces flour, seasoned as they cooked together professioning with the following recipes, the l/2 lb. shortening

ally. "He taught me how to make benefits from the Lena Glaus talent 1 teaspoon salt

good cakes and pies, and since then can be enjoyed in any home. 1 cup broth or bouillon

nobody can keep me out of the Lena has been very generous in Add shredded onion, bay leaves, and kitchen."giving us some traditional German spices to mixture of vinegar and water.

The day before Christmas 1953, recipes that will be of special interPlace pot roast in this mixture and let the Arthur Glauses returned to Salt est, a Lena Glaus USA extra for stand in cool place three to four days,

Lake City after having presided over coffee cake and a special lemon pie turning daily. Remove the roast at end

the East German Mission for almost four years. There Lena truly became

a mother to the missionaries, for when time would permit she would bring forth from the oven some of her famous pies or special homemade bread. At the same time her devotion to her mission calling was much

to be admired. Her work with the

Church auxiliaries and her special care of hungry and homeless refugees from the Russian sector of Berlin are wellknown and respected. But her devotion was not without motivation,

because burning within the heart of

Lena Glaus is a fervent testimony of the truth and a remembrance of a sacred promise made to the Lord in years past that in return for such a testimony she would always serve in every calling with all her heart and strength.

A German Favorite: sour pot roast and potato pancakes.

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of that time, drip, turn in flour, and braise in hot fat. Brown well on all

sides. Place in pot roast pan, add it's Easy to

bouillon and a little water as needed cover, cup),(approximately one and Stack Up abraise until done. pan gravy Make

roast with rue). Garnish(German Dollars in a podiced with onionssauted and serve

tato pancakes and red cabbage.

Potato Pancakes BOOK 1 large raw potato, grated 2 eggs 2 teaspoons flour MONEY

Y2 teaspoon baking powder 1 teaspoon sugar BANK salt (scant) teaspoonYs grating After strain all the the potato, water from it carefully. Put potato in CONVENIENT

bowl, add two eggs, sifted dry ingredients, and mix well. Fry in hot grease COMPACT

until brown and done. Serve hot;

spread with butter and jam or appleThe Easy Way—Save A Little Every Day

sauce, fresh berries, or other garnish as desired. Ask Us About It

Wiener Schnitzel zion's savings cutlets4 servings veal flour bank salt pepper Trust & DAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT, eggs5 Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Salt Lake City Temple & Main. South

bread crumbs hot fat, butter, or shortening

Roll the veal cutlets in seasoned flour lightly, dip in batter of one egg, then roll in bread crumbs. Drop in oneinch deep, sizzling grease, and cook

until done. Serve garnished with a fried

egg, kaper sauce, and spaghetti or buttered noodles.

Kaper Sauce

1 medium onion, diced or ground 3 full strips of bacon, chopped

Y4 cup diced drained mushrooms melted butter to taste 1 tablespoon flour

Dice the onion and fry with chopped bacon. When both are done, strain

bacon and onion from grease, return grease to pan, add flour, diced mushrooms, melted butter, and seasoning to taste. Serve over wiener schnitzel.

Smoked Pork Loin

2 lbs. Canadian bacon

2 cups water 1 onion, diced or grated 1 cup broth or bouillon y2 cup sour cream or sour milk

Brown the meat quickly. Mix together all other ingredients, smother the

meat and roast slowly, one hour or until done, and serve with sauerkraut.

(Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1955 677

KNOW YOUR IDS COOKS

(Continued from preceding page) Meringue

Coffee Cake 20 egg whites

1 quart sugar 1 flour cup 1 salt level teaspoon 1 teaspoon baking powder 1 teaspoon vanilla Y2 teaspoon salt cup sugar Y4 Beat egg whites until stiff, add sugar, 2 eggs milk salt, and vanilla, and beat well. Spread

on top of cold pies, and put in hot J/4 cup raisins!/4 cup melted butter (400 F.) oven just until brown.

Pie Crust

Sift together all dry ingredients, add eggs, to beaten then milk add enough flour exactly) 5 lbs. (weigh BE NEED YOU NEVER THIS WAY

stirrer slightly a panthan make dough l lb. ice cold shortening!/4 JELLY! WITHOUT OR HOMEMADE JAM cake dough. well add mixed, When l lb. ice lard cold ]/4

THE 1 rounded teaspoon salt YEARyou'll ROUNDin every meltedPlace inbutterwellgreasedand raisinsbakeandtinmixsoagain.that of packagerecipes finddependable

M.C.P. JELLY JAM AND is about inches dough thick. Top V/2 (iVioz.) PECTIN make salt together, Sift rub flour and and

for possible to you make it this of with a mixture the following:

jam whenever lard unyou shortening and with combined fruits fresh with wish or—jelly

It grains, tiny til like sand. be in must frozen berries bottled in season, and with and

juices still season". of are "out 1 There many sugar powdered cup crust, comfor wellmixed, and the good

.. fruits fresh available, if of course but

salt.. (scant) teaspoon for "miss you out".reason on them any is.!/g lard shortening bination of and

it's nice that family to remember your and you butter square always alone extra enjoy can the shortening of goodness because home- l/2 recommended jams made winter, and and summer so 1 teaspoon cinnamon rolling take dry. crust Before makes easily economically andjellies with M.C.P. PEC-

1 rind, grated orange TIN'S dependable Keep crust, this for just of mixture one enough M.C.P. hand on PECTIN recipes.JELLY yearJAM 'roundAND 1 grated lemon rind,! at all times. glad did You'll be just you to sprinkle hold with water enough

dough toegther sufficiently to roll, mix,

Rub together powdered sugar, salt, then roll out. Lena warns not to have

SCARCELY ANY OTHER ONE PRODUCT and butter until as sand. To this add too much flour on bread board because

IS SO USEFUL... IN SO MANY WAYS cinnamon, orange and lemon rinds. Mix it will make the crust tough. Bake

coffee cake. well over crumble This and F. crusts in a 250 oven. THERE'S DOUBT as will needed. NO. than it more Use make there's pracabout are very instructions for baking Lena's

tically daily., use for lemon in desired place the remainder and in pie Prick the important. or a specific one more juice... and

is this ways. the where And until refrigerator in container covered also rising, place to shell prevent but convenience and economy

350 until baking. next in of Bake F. oven M.C.P. JUICE LEMON tin until pie crust another the within fit in well. so M.C.P.

it tin. sides loose of not let from Do is always ready instant for JUICE careis LEMON halfcooked. shell about Then

it, right use fuss want any without you too quickly do not touch unbrown and tin in or inside pie a bother dressings salad the fully with of dozens remove when—

in jelly recipes; cooking and baking til and; jamin done. for crust to return the the knife, oven; for making other lemonade and cooling

drinks; in glass a "tonic"of water. again, minute, remove brush and one

is pure, unadulter- M.C.P. JUICE asLEMONa daily

rich in Vitamin C. white, beaten evenly then egg with

. juice "reconstituted"It'sno FOR WARD DINNERS:

finish will baking. keep white The egg ated,NOTpreservativesfullstrength, kind, of any. ascontains such. unwholeor dioxide benzoate sulphur of soda. some crust crisp prevent it from and a label of look any (Take good lemon Lemon Pie Filling the

if juice like buy.) a you you'd atAndthe FREE getting also soggy. advises that Lena

juice, Folder write Recipe just the on.. lemon.

tins pie the should be placed a large Kitchen on Laboratory, Cali- M.C.P. Anaheim, (15 big pies) it, those (For fornia. prefer there's who inside sheet to the order bake oven in it's If too. M.C.P. JUICE, FROZEN LEMON

his in cabinet, not freezing ask grocer your accomplish her admonition, "Never, it for get you.) to 20 egg yolks

32 lemons, juice never, never touch the pie shell until 16 grated lemon rinds after completely baked."

GOOD NEWS FOR THOSE WHO HAVE 5 quarts sugar

TO COUNT THEIR CALORIES! 4 quarts sugar W/ith all of her fine cooking, Lena

starch lb. corn iy2 to serve four time found "has THERE'S butter as of pectin fifteen A. NEW., calledTYPE y2 lb. years Primary, in the years

M.C.P.

PECTIN "LOW... thatSUGARnow a Bee Keeper in the MIA, three years

to enables you make desserts, fruit Juice the lemons, grate the rinds, and in Relief Society, support her husband jellies, jams and tart fillings, pie and tards, etc., cusadd to juice. Let juice and water come on his first mission, be a bishop's less, little, with

! at or all this sugar no With amazing new corn boil slowly to add and then a good fill her of wife, mission her a by.. own pectin exclusively developed by M.C.P.

.. for ice sufficient starch, in water can. delicious mixed. you recipes that now make side, herestablish to and husband's also the rigid meet restricstarch sugar and stir constantly. mixture, a smooth and tions of diets, diabetic the exacting requireof in in self as a some cook demand of diets, weight control ments or simply your is to the this just mixture cooked When taste preference for things "less sweet than eseating Salt City leading Lake the

... usual"starch, see the corn and them point the year add 'round, make can you

because can use canned, frozen, you bottled, her tablishments. baby Aside from stir yolks, to conbeaten continuing egg fruits or fresh juices. and M.C.P. "LOW

is lost years she yet daughter not available in many SUGAR"whom let stantly, to the a mixture and come...PECTIN stores but can you more informamissionaries are ago, the her children it, tion about and lid. get boil you in how to ordinary getmay a an some without pan

... try to writing by the M.C.P. Kitchen in East mothered she and Germany, stove, butter, from and Remove add Laboratory, Calif., Anaheim, I. Dept.

beat well. Let cool and then pour into she is proud and happy with her

pie shells. Let stand in a cold place. wonderful "family."

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One of her greatest joys was her work in the Salt Lake Temple when she was responsible for the cafeteria, and most especially when she prepared the lunches for the members of PUTTING THE the First Presidency and the Council of the Twelve each Thursday. It inwas impossible for Lena to describe YOU DO

the happiness she found serving these The three words that spell magic for brethren; only by trying to read her modern living in any home are these:

eyes and the expression on her face Do It Yourself. And in the Intercould one in any way understand mountain "West, everybody's guide

what was in her heart. "If I want for better DoIt-Yourself living is

to be as close to the Twelve Apostles HOME Magazine, The Salt Lake Trion the outside as well as on the inbune's exclusive Sunday supplement.

...side, I must live that way,"and with Father finds patterns and plans

learns and sewing home newthat attitude Lena lives her life in a Mother... Sister Brother and decorating

spirit of honesty, earnestness, and learn hobbies and crafts in HOME humility. every Sunday. Better life and better

living starts in the home, and HOME is the Magazine that reaches the heart of the home. HOME is another facet

YOUR OLD FORMAL GOES of The Salt Lake Tribune's proud role

LAMP SHADE as The Tie That Binds the Intermountain West by Evelyn TVitter With a snap of elastic you can Slj >alt ffiak? Sribtm?

"make an elegant lamp shade One of America's Great Newspapers from the one you thought you would have to throw away!

To cover the worn shade, all the material you need is your old formal or dinner dress (the one with the full skirt), and four or five yards GRIND YOUR OWN of elastic.

Your first step is to cut off the hem FLOUR & CEREAL of your formal. This strip should with this sturdy

be about six inches wide. One side,

of course, is already hemmed, whichmakes the sewing job much simpler WHEAT MILL than it looks. ONLY

First, measure the lamp shade at the bottom. Double this measureKOLOB COVERS ment; cut off a piece of material this $650

POSTPAID length. THE WEST ANYWHERE the on fourthinch a hem Make states mountain four Throughout IN elastic Pull of the strip. side cut 300 AGENTS than KOLOB more AMERICA

it. your the ends and through Join serve you, whatever to ready stand

first snapon ruffle is done. your protection problems may be.

Next measure the top of the lamp Prompt settlement of claims and all corn grinds and wheat, policies or Mill cracks have strong stockcompany procedure the repeat same shade and grains. Grinds or soft of kinds hard 1% acclaimed SERVICE KOLOB made ruffle. This as the bottom in making per minute. cereal flour or of pounds

local your See thousands. by

... Pehrson's. Fully guaranteed by edges. will both time have you to hem

. special-.. he's a AGENT KOLOB

L.D.S. one you decide want PRICES whether GROUPS SPECIAL TO Then

protection. ist in

more ruffle next to the bottom one or if three more would look better. A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY $6.50Please(checksendor memoneyone order.)Wheat Mil Inclosed is

The number of ruffles needed can be determined by the size of the AddressName shade, the weight of the material, City and the type of room where it is to State be used. in place. all ruffles your snap SALISBURY, MGR. Now FRANK HARDWARE PEHRSON is formal old Bldg. your there gone 330 Judge And SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SOUTH 11th EAST Salt Lake City 2102

elegant again.

SEPTEMBER 1955 679

like Money THAT ENTHUSIASTIC BEGINNING!

By Florence J. JoJmson in the Bank

I prepared dinner, I was mentalstarted last winter, and the oil paintAs ly compiling my shopping list for ing I was going to enter in that con-

L tomorrow. The usual, of course, test! I—I—"Judy came to a stamplus the balls of crochet thread. It mering halt.

was an easy crochet pattern. If I "My clipper ship, half finished,

made a square a day, I would have it and the leather billfold I started in finished in time for the big fall party. craft class, and—"Dan picked up a

The lace tablecloth would make a charcoal sketch. It showed promise.

perfect background for our new china. His instructor had suggested that he

Some days I might even do two enter it in a national contest. The

squares. The pattern was very simcontest had closed months ago. The

ple. winning sketch was good, and it was

"Say, Mom,"Judy came in, dropfinished. Dan's was good—but unping her armful of books on the hall finished!

table, "may I have an advance on my My husband eyed the array. There

* Yes, like money in the bank, homeallowance? Sue Martin is knitting were several sheets of unfinished

canned foods—in gleaming Ball Jars, the sharpest pattern in Argyles. If music. He had worked out the words

sealed with Ball Dome Lids—are I knit two pairs, it will take care of and music of a song one day, and we

always ready for use when needed. Christmas presents for Frank and had all liked it. He meant to try his

And they taste better because they Chris."luck with it at a radio station, but

your the just family seasoned are way of blueprints the house were we The I enthusiastic at looked As my likes them. acreage. to build planned our on

I of somedaughter, reminded was saves actually you canning Home special ideas he were There some see. hands thing. "We'll your dollars. Wash stretch food For money—helps in plans. to incorporate the wanted family are slip here's your something apron. makinstance, an on You and

will love, yet it's made from the pulp ing tonight's dessert, remember?""We surelv start out with a bang;,

slowly. don't said we?""Then Dan left dripping the juice in the bag after "I forgot!"Judy stammered. "I got flat face.... jelly Dad, on our Hey, for grape we fall

so interested in Sue's Argyle pattern! where are you going?"Catsup\ desdelicious to that Grape I planned make -Spiced foot "I,"his father at the paused

(put it pulp I has grape Nelsons', at sert but over had concordtype cups 5 \ stairs, to of the going Bob phone "am mill) food j a sieve or through for late It's set. too to to time have

allspice at station."radio Stacy the ground tsp. vinegar cider 2/3 I shall cup dear! that now. P Oh, What 13cupsar cloves ground the unfinished picked?sp up Judy /2 salt tsp. 1 fix?"Vz cinnamon ground 1 tso sweater. part think I spent "To

"Think of something. I didn't take next week's allowance for yarn. ofIt

were to anything, prepare you time start will before to I get be Christmas Lids Dome Ball dessert. with fixing the over enthusiastic the so at once Seal JarsssssssggRal that Argyles,"those pouted. she lining enamel creamwhite the I with tapioca pudding,"don't make And poui- M pork, ham, with Serve best. flavor his charcoal was studying Dan gSards three that had warned. "We've bread.i- on try or appraisingly. turned, sketch he When straight. your heard nights You

a pair of stamped I was gathering up tonight, last night. Tapioca RECIPE HOMECANNING BOOK father

I pillowcases. all the done had start eating downtown!"and he'll 300 recipes, 64 Over pages, complete

knots, then, French and well—there stepby-step instructions for canhome box of the as she put pouted Judy items were! they other were There freezing. ning Beautifully illusand started shelf the tapioca and back on

I that enthusiasm with begun had full in trated color. to Ball 25 Send cookbook. a leafing through Co., 388, Brothers Dept. El Box E95 alacrity. with and dropped

Monte, California. I was rather quiet that evening,

grinned. "I "Ah!"wondered Dan flashin-thepan these thinking about HOME CANNERS if to confess the same you would of the family. enthusiasms BUY MORE loved plagues that your weakness

The next day I went through the ones! What's this?"He picked up a

house, poking into dresser drawers neatly knit circle.

I was discorners. To say and odd THAN ANY

it "That is the crown of the cap I is putting at mayed my discoveries OTHER BRAND!

mildly. started to knit for Jenny Frye's baby,"

After dinner that evening, I in- I told him.

vited the family to come into the Judy giggled. "Jenny Frye's baby

basement to view an exhibit and, starts kindergarten this fall."

leading the curious family to a table, It took us quite a while to finish

I took off the sheet. I pointed silentthat array of articles on the basement

ly to an array of articles. table. The family agreed that noth-

"Why, there is the sweater I ing was to be put away unfinished 680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and that nothing new was to be started until that table was clear.

Not until we saw the display of completed articles did we realize how many things we had started with great enthusiasm and then forgotten!

What have we accomplished by now?

Dan's leather billfold is a contest entry in his craft class; hubby's song

has been sung over the local radio station, and he has been invited to submit another; the house plans are being

studied by an architect friend; today

Judy started her first pair of Argyle socks; and I went shopping for crochet

thread. A square a day? No, I won't Has been winning cooking contests for 25 years

promise that, but the lace tablecloth will be finished before I start someUtah Cook Wins Sweepstakes Award thing else.

We now have a family motto Mrs. Howard Stringham not only If you bake at home you'll find it's

off, speyeast-raised to serve prize ribbons but convenient 100 to show begin with enthusiasm, and we has We Fleischmann's 2 prize trophies as well. have cialties if you won And shefinish in earnest!

them all in cooking competition! Active Dry Yeast in your cupboard.

Last fall alone Mrs. Stringham took That's the handy dry yeast that

a total of 26 prizes and a Sweepstakes comes in the "Thrifty Three"packaward—at the State Fair and the age—and it keeps for months. This

We're Going to a Hukilau Davis County Fair. dry yeast is so easy to use, always

Mrs. Stringham ofBountiful, Utah, rises fast. Get Fleischmann's Active

(Continued from page 641) is another prizewinning cook who Dry Yeast—the very best.

Lake City. You could well underalways uses Fleischmann's ActiveDry

Gef the New other "I just wouldn't buy anystand the people of Laie why wept Yeast.

Three"is so "Thrifty "Fleischmann's says. kind,"sheopenly the dedicatory prayer when

rises time."fast every dependable—

was pronounced by President George

Albert Smith, then President of the

Church. A community triumph had

finally come to pass. Immediately

after the services were over, the community of Laie served as host to the hundreds in attendance at a luau (feast) on the hukilau grounds. In

the preparation of the food for this gigantic luau, the men roasted sixteen hogs in an underground stove (imu), Enjoy

Defies Moisture Costly Damage finer flavor theand several cooked women hunpenetrat- Seal's deep Thompson's Water greater and chickens,dred while the folk all young seals pores ing protection porous of nutritionattended to the decoration of the dinmaterials—brick, concrete, stucco, wood, whole wheatof

...ing rooms with beautiful fragrant canvas,eliminate etc.mildew,(indoors;moistureoutdoors).damage, weathHelps grain

island flowers, and serenaded their er stain. Transparent, no residue or disfreshly ground!

brush, spray, or coloration. Use mopguests their with music.

ft. every roller. sq. to food element Gal. covers 400 At up everincreasing

retainedl is the of TOis Today, WR/T Laie community stores, paint, building hardware, supply or in popularity for DAY prices—FREE direct. that Gal. Everyone knows Qt. $4.78 ppd. $1.55; is No into stilldivided wards, two and facfil recipes—food bread other cereal and Inc. C.O.D.'s. Co., A. E. Thompson Westwithexpanding arrival the whole recent through made SPECIAL Francisco 3, foods ern Merchandise Mart. San freshly grain ground FLOUR OFFER—of immigrants from California. is Samoa, have tastier far richer who and introfor coupon Send

in nutrihealth-giving 5-lb. offer of ductory to to their in Laiecome make homes it's ments. the And—pkg.. Deaf Smith wheat

wise where somehome richflour, to America'sorder close to the temple. be The

is DRINK thing done about in it. est food elements,

is stillhukilau held select every or -Minn., once month efficient, the Rapid—flour stone wheat Electric Household Lee profits the into depositedand a fund it's the ground Wis.—day Mill Flour whole reduces

shipped. fic<3 for flour fluffy A delightful to grainfor of the building for a gymnasium

fraction for those of o penny a beverage hot

LEE CO. ENGINEERING all, of pound.the a people. presently Laie young has coffee. drink don't who Milwaukee Wis. 3, it's STONE BestGROUND—

of attwenty-one her people young GROCERS AT YOUR

I.E. LEE Depl., ENGINEERING COMPANY,

tending colleges in the United States. 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis.

Six already degrees, have bachelor's 5-lb. Postpaid. pkg. Only $1.50

lb. Postpaid. pkg. Only $1.00 have master'stwo are GOSPEL IDEALS DEAFWIS. -MINN.SMITH FLOUR,FLOUR, 5- degrees, two

school principals, and two are proBy President David O. McKay Name

fessional wrestlers presently in the At all bookstores $4.00 Street

(Concluded on following page) City....State

SEPTEMBER 1955 681 We're Going to a Milau ydC9li0nin(|7 Whether you're bound for

Canada, California, Carolina or (Concluded from preceding page)

Connecticut, here's a United States. In a matter of weeks,

Laie will become the site of a junior tip to help you enjoy your college for the members and nontrip even more:

members of the Church in Hawaii.

better tribute could be paid What Use Long Distance To keep in touch with family this worthy community!

and friends back home. Laie has indeed taken her place

To call ahead for reservations. among our better communities. Small

as she is, she is showing the rest of

Mountain States Telephone Hawaii and the world that there is strength in working harmoniously towards a common goal, and in giving force to the words "unity, love, and brotherhood."

Yes, we're going to a hukilau, won't you join us?

Qualifications for leaders

(Continued from page 629) charity, humility, and diligence, and

I especially like the latter two.

"Humility, that low, sweet root, monJuoe from which all heavenly virtues. FOLDING shoot!"(Thomas Moore.) True huBANQUET mility is not an abject, groveling,

it is but a right TABLES selfdespising spirit;

estimate of ourselves as God sees us.

Direct Price It is easy to look down on others; to

Discounts tc look down on ourselves is the diffiChurches, S< culty. They that know God will be

and all Insti humble. They that know themselves

cannot be proud. Heaven's gates are

not so highly arched as prince's palgo enter there must that aces. They TRUCKS MONROEstoring

knees. easy, Forthe their wayTables truck upon modernFoldingtables handles EachandConstruestoragaChairs chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage Transport humble thing to be It is great no of eitherTruckspace. tionin limited

Truck No. TS

Church Units may direct their inquiries to the when we are brought low, but to be 47 Department, Purchasing Church is a praised we are when East humble Salt City Temple, 1, Utah. South Lake Samsonite "If thou attainment. rare great and IllotVlO THE COMPANY folding chairs are peace STREET. COLFAX. favor and IOWA 249CHURCH find wouldest much

in very low be man, and God longest! last strongest... GIVE A NEW little, thyself forgive eyes, LOOK TO withthine own is furniture folding Samsonite FLOORS! OLD sets a Nothing much."wonderfully comand others smart, sturdy,

fortable. It lasts longest, saves person so much out of the devil's

groupyears! the Most over money reach as humility. True humility insist Samsonite! experts seating on

i v- makes way for Christ and throws the

Public Bros. Shwayder Sealing Division, soul at his feet.

29, Michigan Dept. 17, Detroit

Send Information (j Have Representative Call Yes, we all have the right to enjoy

Name this characteristic of humility, and

Organization you recognize that the Lord gives

Address this next to the last qualification,

City Zone State virtues and charother all the afterL

Also Makers of Samsonite luggage. Card Tables and Chairs and humility acteristics, names he

INDIAN SAND TREWAX, colored to restore natural then the last, diligence.

1 HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f eliminatesbrilliance toresandingworn hardwoodand refinishingfloors andhardwood,worn cork,reWhat we hope ever to do with ease

IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA discoloration;, longdili- assures and marks moves first to k with A do learn must we

solid lasting carnauba, protection. 50%

life is floor deof world's hardest expectations the gence. INDIAN TREWAX lustre,SAND The REST YE KINGS MOTEL users customers! of firsttime lifetime wax, makes

526 STREET 5TH mechanic diligence. SOUTH floor covering, paint, only The Available upon hardware, at pend

stores, direct, or linoleum or Dr. B. Foutz, department Harold Owner must his perfect work would lb. tax, plus plus C.O.D.'s postage. ppd. TREWAX1.99 per who Foutz, H. Edgar Manager California. City, Ave., Culver Centinela CO., 5631 tools. while his first sharpen "Work Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout invited. inquiries Dealer

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it is called today, for you know not how much you may be hindered tomorrow. One today is worth two ORGAN HAMMOND

lowestcost complete churchtomorrows. Never leave that till toWorld's organ. A marvel

morrow which you can do today."We of power and versatility, tremendous range of TRUE

cannot live on past records. Today CHURCH TONES.

is the important day in our lives. The Concert Model Organ, with

In all departments of activity, to sufficient tone equipment, can have one thing to do and then to do be installed in the church at a it is the secret of success. He who cost considerably under that of

labors diligently need never despair, any comparable instrument. Befor all things are accomplished by fore purchasing any organ, bediligence and labor. come fully acquainted with the

The great charge is ours to go many advantages the Hammond forth, fortifying ourselves with these offers.

characteristics as true leaders, that we A HAMMOND purchase assures freedom from maintenance might be able to feed the bread of worries. TRUE TO PITCH, NEVER NEEDS TUNING.

life to the youth of the Church. Get Full Information From

GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

Spiritualized Scouting OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO 74 So. Main

(Continued from page 643) wholesome influence. It brings association with decent men and activi-

—ties that build and save boys and men.—>——

Oscar Benson, a Scout advocate of Eli'L a former generation, made it a hobby row, in deathto interview men men 1956 lives for their their to giveabout crimes. He summed up the interviews that he had with some 125 of World Cruisethem by saying, "Not a single one in the famous Li-..*.v.

of them would admit that he had "CARONIA"For everything ever known a decent man."Follow the seasons around the

I think that scouting must have as world in 108 wonderfilled days. in fine Church Furniture

It's tour grand your from own its the proobjectives, of primeone to consider It will pay you Bali, Singapore, Rio to Bombay, of aviding decent man, or men, prodSeating cuiAmerican Company Orient. Cunard, for the Superb

these boys, a man that can take the sine, and service. Call now for ucts when you reseat, remodel, or

information complete chancel pews, on this build. Bodiform crossto counsel at thetime them tour. fabulous furniture, woodand architectural of life shall as toroads they whether

Seating 108 thrilling 23 ports American Comwork by take the easy wrong road or the hard 17 countries days pany craftsmen assure liturgical right turn that will determine their correctness and long service. Write

whole future. If we can do no more $2,975 up for information desired.

than that, we will have served a noble A Department 1169 purpose and will have made worthwhile all the effort that goes into the &/metica/i jeafi/y Company program. 901 BroadwayWorld's LeaderN. W., inGrandPublicRapidsSeating2, Mich.

We refer to this adolescent age as an "unhappy age."As I deal withyoung people I am convinced that we UNIVERSALcould say it is "an intensely anxious CHANGE OF HEART

film the augreat by Another it aside saycan't erviceage."by put Urauel You e

of Outpost"thors Juan "San a the heck?"ing they have "what Hotel Hotel Temple Square Ben Lomond of producers "OLIVER the and

Salt attitude. Ogden, Utah "I care"or don'tattitude an "THE CHOICE and COWDERY,"5-6552 4-2667 Lake- 5-5924City visit with with work and themAs I LAND."

them, I tell you that they care inAll of these films are highquality tensely, and if scouting is presented 16mm colorEducationalsound films Entertainingwhich are:

they in challengingto a way, them Building Testimony THIS'MISS DON'T rental Also it. hundreds Rasonablewill accept too, OFFER. for our You wrote they are glad Many to choose other films from of your to if qualified, $6,000.00 $8,000.00 can make as result boys, just from Men incareer, write or call lifetime bigger the first year. information, Enjoy full good For

body is a result of food, and the mind come,ing workfuturewithsecurity.ChristianPreferenceemphasis. givenAlso thosepart seektime.

is a result of thought, character is a Write today. State experience and full particuresult of building. There is no argulars. "Opportunity Plus"Booklet FREE. 54HILLAM'SPost Office Place Salt Lake City, Utah

INC. Phone 3-5417 RUDIN JOHN & COMPANY

5, 111. Dept. C-42 Chicago S. Wabash (Concluded on following page) 1018

SEPTEMBER 1955 683 Why Share Your Space SPIRITUALIZED SCOUTING with a Swinging Door?

(Concluded from preceding page) How much is a boy worth? I

ment; it has been amply demoncome back to that. A plain bar of

strated that all boys will respond to iron is worth $2.50. The same bar

leadership if it comes soon enough made into horseshoes is worth $10.50,

and if it is good enough. "As the if made into needles it is worth

twig is bent, so the tree is inclined."$3,285.00; and if turned into balance

leaders—dedicated,Today's great needdevotedis forleaders—better springs000.00—onefor watchesquarteritofis aworthmillion$250,-dolnot the kind who grudgingly parcel lars. In each of these cases the mateout a few minutes of their time like rial is the same; the difference lies in

a miser counting out pennies, but what is done with the material.

leaders who can and will give generWhether a boy turns into a worthy ously of their time to boys. I mean citizen or a delinquent—will often

leaders who can talk to them and depend on the program he is subjected inspire them and fire them with the to and the leadership he receives flames of ambition. during his early formative years.

a "MODERNFOLD"door takes none MORE SPACE FOR LIVING A TEMPLE IS RISEN TO OUR LORD

NEW COLORFUL BEAUTY RIGID - STRENGTH OF STEEL (Continued from page 626) the world in the restored gospel of

MOVABLE WALLS for this sacred ceremony, and officialour Lord and Savior. May they the doors that fold

like an accordion ly and reverently we this day lay yield themselves without prejudice to the cornerstone of the temple to sigthe impressions of thy holy Spirit, nify deep gratitude for that which and in humility come to an underhas been accomplished and our firm standing of man, thy Son, his beginresolution, with thy divine aid, to ning, his probation in mortality, and complete this noble structure, and as his eternal destiny. And may those

For demonstration write or phone thy servants, holding the Holy Priestwho minister here, representing thee hood, we devote, consecrate, and dediand thy work, be inspired in the cate this cornerstone with all that it presentation of these divine princi1343 South ALDERSMain Salt Lake City

Phone 7-1531 represents and typifies, and these ples with clarity and the conviction

Please send me your free booklet entitled ceremonies unto thee, as an offering of testimony.* * *

"More grateful people. thy Space for Living"IE10. from for this purposes "These high noble

... NAME. to thee pray "We to accept this structure, lay before thee, our we Address.

providence in thy and City.State.. offering If to Father. they it be thy will, may

<—of this completion the bring about pass, in pray, come to humbly we

holy temple. As thou hast done in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord.

the past, continue to pour out thy Amen."

The steel point of the tower was national contributeblessings uponto thethoseconsummationwho labor andof in placed * work January 1955. The * work.* CompacType this

interior until of the progressed our now, "And Father, we offer a BIBLES special prayer unto thee that during the end of May the plastering on theby the BELOVED completed, been interior had KING the therecourse of construction and

VERSION JAMES ceilings installed, and the after to temple erected this holy thy acoustical name may constitute a great and washing rooms were being tiled. In

powerful missionary force in the January 1955 the plaster casts of the spreading of the gospel of our Lord oxen for the baptismal font were among the children of men. Standshipped to Switzerland, arriving in

ing amid the lofty mountains of this March, and being turned to the traditional land of freedom, may it be foundry in Mendrisio, Switzerland, first time, for the you can there to in bronze. be cast—Utah The NOW! liberty, to as accounted a monument three Bibles by choose from handsome F. director Millard Malin, was to to worship, speak, artist, freedom freedom specifically for designed NATIONAL,

of in plaster of charge the the making individual for or awards group of to assemble, freedom freedom and less All exceptionally are tions casts asthin—presentaof the oxen. as his He had conscience. it be an oracle And may 5"size. in convenient than l"—! x lW sistants Morris Carl and, Brooks are in clearcut printed All CompacType of prinin the divine the proclamation

attractively paper, Bible and white on at first, and later Torlief ciples which underlie these precious Quilter $4.50. priced and $2.75, at $1.95, Knaphus. freedoms.

"Grant, O Lord, that those who The shipping of the plaster casts come here, or who are otherwise atwas a worrisome one for Director tracted to this project, may be susceptMalin. He, however, used manila

national(ZilllVIIUI BIBLES ible to the vital and transcend?ntly hemp fiber with the plaster for castAT LEADING BIBLE STORES beautiful principles of life given to ing, and he said that this made "the

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA casts ten times stronger than the ordinary plaster."Higher Skills

The landscaping was completed by

June 1955, with shrubs and trees Mean planted, and the lawns seeded, to all a bower of beautymake by the Better Jobs the dedicationtime of in September.

The testimonies which have grown out of the erection of this new temOur graduates usualple have been many and varied. ly have several exPresident and Sister Bringhurst bear cellent positions from

their testimony to the power of the which to choose.

Lord and his assistance in the selection of the temple site. Brother EdBarbara Latimer, Janet Sprouse, Nathan R. Larsen

: Florence recentlyward O. Anderson also bore testimony Autumn Quarter These three studentsRear P.wonEvans,Gregginstructorawards for passing

to the continued direction of our Starts Sept. 6 theminute.official(Miss160wordLatimertest.typedTheir127 goalwordsnowa minuteis 175 wordsfor fivea

Lord and Savior. He had gone to minutes without error!)

Zurich, Switzerland, in December 'i""mm>mmHIIIIIIW5 I

S of offices General 1954 to the the D F0R BUSINESS COLLEGE FR / E to there, relativeElectric Company t'On| BRANCH UNIVERSITY OF BRIGHAM YOUNG F f their the adviceobtaining concerning ""//, City'"? 70 North Salt 3-2765 Main Lake - - Hit,

11 '1'''electric in ofinstallation the lighting kit of Send information me a Classes about include and Autumn Your "Get Toe >% J. In The P. Door"by McEvoy. the totemple. wanted know He

latest developments in electricity in Name

Switzerland, in order to make the Address City. State

lighting at the temple the most effective and upto-date available.

During the course of the conversation, Brother Anderson was shown a picture of the inside of a building which had been photographed to illustrate how effective the lighting was.

Brother Anderson studied the picture for a few minutes and then asked, "Do you know what building this is in which this picture was taken?"

The gentlemen answered, "No,"then they continued by stating that the picture had probably been sent to them by their American offices. FRITOS is

Brother Anderson then said, "That is theteredregistrade of marka picture of the inside of one of the GOLDEN CHIPS OF CORN

Frito TheMormon temples—the Kirtland Temple—dedicated in March 1836."AT YOUR FAVORITE FOOD OR GROCERY STORE

Brother Anderson was deeply It this experience. bore bymoved Here's another way to spiritual, faithpro- A strongly of to inspiration the thetestimony book. moting

early leaders of the Church. The

'Killpicture showed a detailed view of the "IIn The pulpits, arrangements, the seating and &<i Gospel Net"the lighting, which, of course, with these gentlemen were most concerned. By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

At all bookstores $1.75 Not all of the faithpromoting by GREYHOUND

stories from the peoples in the missions have come to light. But one,

from an eightyyear-old member of Extra Low IJjHJ *':''-*

the Church in Switzerland, is deeplystirring. This poignant story was FAMULY JAM* IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

sent to the First Presidency by PresiAids in treatment of Canker, simple dent Bringhurst, in a letter dated sore throat and other minor mouth

April 18, 1953: Check Greyhound for full details and throat irritations.

"Sister Therese Leuscher gives for about special moneysaving plans the building of the temple in SwitzerHALLS REMEDY land Fr. 100 to help with its cost, and Salt Lake City. Utah (Continued on following page) GREYHOUND

SEPTEMBER 1955 685 A TEMPLE IS RISEN TO OUR LORD KITCHEI1 CHflRm (Continued from preceding page) Bringing the temple to the Eurois as that Tt as early the Almighty foreseen Saints was God pean my wish WAXED PAPER just as sacred the accept temple President Joseph 1906 may August when

KEEPS FOOD as He did the Kirtland Temple, al- F. Smith predicted that "the time

I this will not to the temples come live when holy would when "Presidedicated.'will built in various FRESHER LONGER! buildingthough be be would Most High

dent Bringhurst related that this countries of the world."At the time,

woman was a widow and had taken he was in Zurich, Switzerland, and a long time to collect the money behis prophecy was printed in the miscause she was poor. The money that sion publication, Der Stern. The

had been entrusted to President Swiss Mission was organized under

Bringhurst had been given in half the direction of Elder Lorenzo Snow, franc pieces, truly the widow's mite! then European Mission president, in

To Sister Belle S. Spafford and the 1850. He sent Elder Thomas B. H.

author it was most soul -satisfying to Stenhouse into Switzerland from hear the Saints from Helsinki, FinItaly, where he and President Snow land, and the Scandinavian countries were traveling. President Snow's inas well as from Holland, Germany, structions were for Elder Stenhouse

and Switzerland, tell of their great to dedicate the land of Switzerland hope in being enabled to go to the for the preaching of the gospel to the temple of the Lord and there receive Swiss people. This great country has

their endowments for themselves and afforded an especially productive field be permitted to do temple work for of labor, and missionaires who have their kindred dead. One woman, labored in Switzerland are particuover eighty, living in Denmark, was larly well pleased that those faithful

saving her little bits of money that converts who have been unable to she might go through the temple. She come to the United States will now

said that if she didn't live to go be privileged and blessed with marPOPULAR WITH MILLIONS through, she would give the money to riage for eternity. Missionaries to the

Of HOUSEWIVES.,. someone else who could travel to the other European countries also rejoice

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS Swiss Temple. This is indicative of in the opportunities awarded the

the feeling of the Saints in Europe faithful members.

who wish to bring their families to Almost as soon as work on the complete ordinances which will bind temple began, visitors from all over

IT'S EASY TO COOK man to wife, children to parents Europe began to travel to the site. A

all the eternities to come woman, not a member of the Church, WITH AN through and to bind the present to the past became interested and set her little

ELECTRIC RANGE as well as to the future. This bindstand at one corner, just outside the

ing of one generation to another untemple lot, a sort of Bureau of Inder the Holy Priesthood assures the formation. She obtained and disendurance of the family throughout tributed tracts. Now, however, the

eternity. official Bureau of Information is inELECTRIC At the time of the preparation for corporated into the Bern branch

the purchase of the building lot for chapel. President William F. PerCOOKING the erection of the temple in Switzerschon of the SwissAustrian Mission

costs the land, the First Presidency sent letters reported that during the months of average family to all mission presidents in Britain, March and April, 5648 visitors came only about Denmark, East Germany, Finland, to the temple grounds. Following

this there conversations at Sweden, 3063 were the Netherlands, Norway, f 9# a day of copies 3061 SwissAustrian, West which Joseph Smith's the and the

Germany. The rejoicing of the Saints Story were accepted by the visitors.

can well be imagined. Many of In addition over one thousand visitors

them cannot make a trip to the to the temple grounds were noted,

United States, Canada, or Hawaii these latter not visiting the temple for their endowments; many of them itself.

are poor, having barely enough on To facilitate the understanding of which to subsist; many of them are the visitors, a display of temples has

barely recovering from the effects of been prepared by the Swiss missiondevastating war; others are too old aries. This display gives the visitors

Be Modern to understake the journey to a new a good idea of the international nalive Electrically land and try to find employment in ture of the Church. The change in

a country whose language they do attitude throughout Switzerland has

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. not know. been gratefully noted, since now the

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA citizens of that country recognize that this is the Church of Jesus Christ of Get the energy you need

Latterday Saints, and not merely a sect. from 0k

It is altogether fitting and a reward for E. that Samuel done work well TABLE QUEEN effortsBringhurst, to obtain whose

the land for the ground and to make Bread initial contacts that resulted in this temple, should be honored to serve as Because Table Queen Enriched White its caloric digestible, is readily Breadthe first president of the Swiss Temquickly available values become ple. purposes. That's v.hy Table Queenfor energybread

President and Sister Bringhurst is.. the. andidealparticularlyenergy foodfor reducingfor all kindsdiets. of diets

will leave for Bern, Switzerland, August 15, 1955, Elder Bringhurst havandAt iheverysameimportanttime it providesnutritionalessential ing been set apart for his new posicontributionsnighttime meals.to morning,Combiningnoontheandproteins

tion July 30, by President David O. of wheat flour and nonfat milk solids,

McKay. Elder Bringhurst will asTablein proteinQueencontent,Enrichedand Breadan excellentis high

sume the responsibility of completing source of vitamins and minerals the arrangements for the dedication you need every day.

of the temple, beginning September Growing children and ALL adults need 11, 1955. the energy Table Queen provides.

Elder Bringhurst is no stranger to enriched with vitamins and iron the country or the people among whom he will officiate. He served his

first mission in what was then the

SwissGerman Mission from 1909 to 1912. He returned as mission presiFor Missionaries: vk* /y/

in to the SwissAustrian Missiondent Two

OF MORMONpopular ISMpricedandbooks:THE THEMORMONA.B.C. Your serving1948, until 1953. His Church—written

asexperience has been enviable: He MISSIONARY'Sespecially for theMESSAGEbusy missionaryserved as bishop of the Murray First aids to his work; pocket size for greater Future

in handling. By Aubrey J. ( as convenience 1928 to 1938; then fromWard

Minister). Parker time Methodist (One mi r is our ofpresident Stake the Cottonwood Beautifully in green and gold boundfrom 1938 to 1942. In 1944 Elder cloth, hard back; printed on good paper; w

Bringhurst was called as president youwill giveanywherea lifetimein theof service.world forSentONEto Concern

of the Northwestern States Mission; DOLLAR EACH.

later he was called as president of Address:

the Swiss -Austrian Mission. ELDER AUBREY J. PARKER Why worry

616 West Carrillo about it?—

The beauty of the Swiss Temple is Santa Barbara, California Let us - not difficult to imagine. The top prepare you.

of the tower is of a gold color; the

base of the tower is white. The vertical side pillars and those down the

front and sides of the tower are also Our educational and religious

is building of the facilitieswhite. are The rest the best in among BIND YOUR EMS

color. canopya creamishgray The is the nation. Training in offered

over the temple door is white. Standfor your home library. Attraceight basic schools in preparing

ing against the vivid green of the for a successful career.

Swiss countryside and against the intive, red fabricoid binder with tense blue of the Alps and the Jurals, We train our students to make a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA living and a worthy life.and a vivid sky, the Swiss Temple

will impel man's thoughts to turn to stamped in gold on front and

God, the Eternal Father. Registration: Fall Quarter—

The Los Angeles Temple will be spine. SEPTEMBER 2324, 1955

the next temple dedicated; two others Write for catalog and

are being planned: one in Great information.

Britain and one in New Zealand. $1.75

With the establishment of temples at The Improvement Era in strategic places throughout theworld, others, not of our Church, 50 North Main UTAH STATE will see our good works and be led Salt Lake City, Utah AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE to honor our Father which is in LOGAN, UTAH heaven.

SEPTEMBER 1955 687 PERFECT ATTENDANCE A HABIT

is the frontispiece just that learned the August have

Fork, Utah. of of American D. Elmer Johnson Charol Annette Mueller has reWe work

cently completed her sixth year The photograph had been in our files for years, and the of perfect attendance at all Church photographer's identification had been lost. Photographer

since she twelve meetings became of age. Perfect years attendance is Johnsonwas takenwrotein frontidentifyingof the LDShimself,chapelstatingat Keei,that Hawaii.the picture

hasn't her she a habit with and missed a meeting that she was supposed attend in nearly fourteen years. She is a recent graduate of

the Tooele Seminary, and took part wisdom and knowledge I thank my Heavenly Father for such a in the Junior Gleaner department wonderful magazine. To me there could be no finer magazine.

at the MIA conference last June. May the Lord bless you in this work always.

She teaches a Junior Sunday School Sincerely, class and is a chorister. Sharol is (Signed) Mrs. Howard Loveland

the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Oran

G. Mueller of Tooele, Utah. Los Angeles, California

Dear Brethren:

Sharol A. Mueller We enjoy The Era very much and I read it from cover to cover.

I especially enjoy the poems, the editorial by President McKay,

OUTSTANDING RECORD tive,and theandarticlesI knowbytheDr.researchHugh Nibley.behind themThey musthave beenhave sorepresentedinformalot of that a tremendous are work few people doing. capable of achieved has PetersonIrancene bless the in you are wonderful in God you doing work pubMay percent* hundred five one year a lishing outstanding such magazine. an

for SunMutual, recordattendance Sincerely, meeting. sacrament School, andday (Signed) Mrs. Rose H. Behrman year Bee, a two Honor an wasShe

Mia Joy, and is now waiting for her eighteenth birthday so that she Guam

Sirs: Silver Gleaner Dear her for applymay A long with my change of address I would like to take this opchorister assistant is an Sheaward.

and a teacher in the Owyhee Ward portunity to thank you and those who have made it possible for

Junior Sunday School. Her parme to receive The Improvement Era, for it is a wonderful magaents are Bishop and Mrs. James A. zine, written and edited by wonderful people.

Peterson. Owyhee Ward, Nyssa To me being in the service and away from home, the Era has

(Oregon) Stake gained the "Hall of a special meaning, for it can bring home close to you a means

Fame"this year with ninety perwhereby one can keep up with the growth and development of cent of their homes subscribing to the Church, as well as the Church doctrines. The Era is one

The Improvement Era. of the greatest spiritual aids the serviceman has.

May God bless you all.

Francene Peterson Sincerely, (Signed) Albert W. Jones

Long Beach, California Dear Editors:

T would like to tell you just how much The Improvement Era Tn the article "Alberta Marks Her Golden Years,"on page 591 has meant to me. I have saved every copy I could and take of the August Era we reported that the president of the Althem out often and read through them and how wonderful they berta Temple was Edward L. Smith. President Smith's name is

are, and as I look through the pages filled with such words of Willard L. Smith... and we apologize!

"PUPU HIMENE"FROM THE TAHITIAN MISSION 'From Papeete, Tahiti, comes this picture of their branch youth chorus, or as their banner says "Pupu Himene"(singing group), made up of branch members and investigators. Incidentally the S. D. J. stands for

Saints des Derniers Jours, which is the French way of saying Latterday Saints. The

group has been singing together since April and is planning a tour of the islands of Raiatea, Tahaa, and

BoraBora.

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA His tie on your hat...a

"Fashion Color Recipe"for your broad brims.

Simply sfitch at crown and brim edges.

April Yellow

Balletlfmk

Soft White / 4 ROUS the economy tissue with the softness FAMIiyPAK to match its soft lovely colors!

V Foam Keen Color in your home is just as important as color in your dress. And ZEE colors

are so right for your bathroom...soft, soft as

this fine quality, economy tissue itself!

C Crown Zellerbach Corporation.

TYPICAL SCENE AT HARVEST TIME, CIRCA 1905

.. w#w

Like most other trades and professions, farming has changed vastly during the past fifty Beneficial years. The powerful team straining at the Our General Agents

harness is becoming a rare sight. Today's farm is mechanized, and the

farmer welltrained in the latest scientific farming and marketing practices.

With all this progress, there's one farm scene that, fortunately, never sevenRichard agents,A. Miner,serveswith

seems to change: whether in 1905 or 1955, it's always a comforting sight San Bernardino and

to see the sheaves of harvested grain, glistening gold in the late summer Riverside counties in sun... insurance against want through the harvestless months ahead. California,in San withBernardino,agents

Beneficial Life Insurance provides a closely related feeling of wellRiverside and Barstow.

being with the that knowledge provided you have well for your own TheSan Bernardino.main office is in

future. and your... family's Consult friendly Beneficial your soon. agent

D. Keith Barber, with

six agents located in Pasco, Richland, MosesBENEFICIAL LIFE Lake, Sunnyside, Kennewick and Pendleton, 'ndutimce ompanu headsagency theservingBeneficialSouth

Central Washington David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah andin Oregon.Umatilla County