RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

.

Hor * dufi/7 du 7Hm // # DEFROSTING—Excessive frost retards refrigeration. To "Safegua rding fam ily hea Ith, reduce frost formation, cover liquids and moist foods,

preventing waste, conserving regularly,and do notpreferablyleave doorin lateopenafternoonunnecessarily.or evening.Defrost

resources.. DURATIONIZING"DUST; EXTERIOR VENTILATION—Periodically remove

A long overdue medal for you, Mrs. Western dustopeningsfrom aroundunit compartmentlegs, the spaceat bottom.behind theKeeprefrigthe

Homemaker! And now may we advise you erator, and screen at top always unobstructed.

on wartime use and preservation of your

This silent, economical WARTIME SERVICEEven the simple, durgas servant has no moving parts to get out of able gas refrigerator may sometimes order. Yet it will reward special care with even require repair or expert adjustment.

longer life and lower operating cost. Sugges- * Under war conditions, we of course

cannot give normal service, but we'll

CLEANING—Wipe off exterior frequently assist to the limit of our ability. * You may find it

with a damp cloth, using warm water and helpful to reread your instruction leaflet; if lost,

white soap when necessary. * Clean inask us for another copy.

terior at least once a month, with lukewarm baking soda solution—a teaspoonful to a quart of

water. Never use metal pads or sharp abrasives on DURATIONIZE ALL YOUR APPLIANCES.

enamel. Remove promptly, spilled fruit juices, milk CONSERVATION IS A PATRIOTIC DUTY!

or bottled beverages; as well as oil or grease, particularly on rubber doorgasket. Avoid scratching

the enamel, as with finger rings or utensils.

FOOD STORAGE—Do not completely Have you bought

cover or crowd the shelves; allow free U.S. War Bonds air circulation. Permit hot foods or GAS this week, today?

liquids to cool before placing in the refrigerator. THE

WONDER FUEL MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

Sales offices in Salt Lake City, Ogden and Provo

KEEP EM GROWING!

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

;v "Dacteria floating in the air can be *-* quickly a powerful killed by new Nourishmentgermicide, glycol. propylene H. Dr. O. Your GiveRobertson of the University of Chicago ChildSpoiling HeolthyBillings Hospital that has found one Without

part of glycol in two million parts of Appetite air will, in a short time, kill airsuspend- Mealtime ed pneumococci, streptococci, and other bacteria. Apparently the glycol droplets sprayed into the air evaporate and

the gas molecules dissolve in the water droplets and kill the germs within. The

new chemical is harmless to man, either swallowed or injected in the veins, as:-sr

well as being cheap, tasteless, and nonirritating. ey2 Oz., 1 Lb., 2 Lbs.

LOOK FOR THE A temperaturehundred millionthdifferenceof ofa onedegreeoneRICH BROWN PACKAGE

Centigrade can be measured with

Biscuit a Clip and Send Today Purity usesbolometer which in the change Please send Co., mySalt LakeFREE copy of "Cartoon

electrical resistance of metals as the for Cookery."

temperature changes. Name

Free Recipe Book AddressjLJiiGH Davis has estimated that withOtv StateA A out the cotton gin thirtyseven million American citizens would be kept busy removing cotton seed from cotton for three hundred days per year to supply cotton at the rate as used at present.

Tt has been found by Dr. H. N. Holmes

that workmen exposed to toxic lead, toluene, benzene, and TNT dust have some of their vitamin C destroyed by these chemicals. Workmen in munitionplants hence need a diet reinforced with /tkt.Jm*JAM DAINTIES

fruit juice, juice tomato or tablets condelicious these Brighten serving winter family your days up bytaining this vitamin.

. lightest, dainties favorite for the jam. with your And.. made own.4

flakiest pastry you ever tasted use dependable. Enriched Globe "Al"

'"Phe standard bearingmetal alloy Flour. Complete satisfaction guaranteed or your money refunded.

contains 83.5 percent tin but a new

usable alloy has been discovered which contains only one percent tin. JAM DAINTIES

Tt is estimated that typhus fever has 1 Vj c. GLOBE "A 1"FLOUR Cold milk

killed two hundred million people in Europe and Asia during recorded Vi tsp. salt 2 tbsp. melted butter

time. It is again threatening Europe in Vj c. shortening Dark jam

the war areas.

Sift flour, measure, add salt; cut in shortAccording to Dr. W. D. Coolidge ening rather coarsely. Add only enough

out "'INS *i*\"delivers the sun in energy more mius j thick, 8 I* globeone minute than the ten times combusmilkdoughtotoholda rectangleparticlesabouttogether.% inchRoll

tion of the entire world production of spread with jam. Roll as for jelly roll,

petroleum in 1939. pinch ends to hold in jam; spread with4 mmi melted butter and bake in a hot oven (450

degrees) 15 minutes; reduce heat to moderate (350 degrees)

"JITTetallic salts and sulfanilamide have for 30 minutes longer. Cut in 2-inch slices when cold.

been carried through the intact human skin by new penetrating solvents and vehicles developed by a research team working in the New York City A-1 FOR EVERYTHING YOU BAKE!

(Concluded on page 4) 7BmproocmentEra 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

JANUARY, 1943 Heber J. Grant,

Richard L. Evans,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor

Marba C Josephson, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editor

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD LucvGeorgeG. Q.Cannon,Morris, AssociateGeneral Mgr.Mgr.

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. (Do ilJDJULJOWW—

red and purple snowfields Where JoblsL jO CfmismiL 4 found? may be

CtuihdfL JiSboiuhsUL. Whoary?will be 107 years old in Febru-r 5

Greetings from the First Presidency 10 Why the Aztecs mistook the arrival "I Am the Resurrection and the Life"J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 12 of the Spaniards for the return

United Orders, Part II William R. Palmer 24 of their god Quetzalcoatl? 8

Reed Smoot and the Big Horn Harriet P. Johnson 26 What significant letter has recently Evidences and Reconciliations: LXL—What is Truth? LXII. been sent to movie censor Will

Hays? 10—Who is the Man Like unto Moses? John A. Widtsoe 33

Music: Enlarging the ReperMutual Messages: To what extent meat as an energy

14 overrated? has been food toire, Schreiner Alexander and 48 Spencer Cornwall 29 Executives J. motive behind compelling the What Arts 48 30 Church Moves The On Latterday cooperation among 49 41 Priesthood: MenGleaners Melchizedek CulturalM 16 Saints has been?

the of 43 Seventy The Work 50 Explorers 45 Aaronic led Brannan's quarrel to Sam What Juniors 50 46 Teaching Ward.:. 20 with Brigham Young? 50 Scouts Genealogy: A Summary of Important Instructions 47 BeeHive Girls 51 How the United Order in Utah

differed from previous orders? 24

SfUudoL 3>SWlijULhSL6u Whether defense workers away from home are getting needed attenMeat as Human Food Leah D. Widtsoe 14 tion from Church associates? 34

16 Incentive Overstreet Bonaro The Mormon W.

Overstreet Story A. Harry The Mormon 17 Whatsonalitiesreligiouspreparedmovementsthe andway perfor

Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California, Part IV the restoration of the gospel? 43

Paul Bailey 20 Exploring the Universe, FrankThe Scrap Harvest 34 lin S. Harris, Jr 1 Today! Gunnar Rasmuson.... 34 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Telefacts 4 Down on the Farm, Jake FalOFFICES:

Eldest of the Old, Harold H. Jenstaff 34 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

son 5 New Testament Persons 34 Copyright 1943 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorImprove- Mutual Men's Young of the Quetzalcoatl, Charles E. Dibble Hints 34 poration 6 Handy

Christ Association Jesus Church ment of of the of Yourself, Cooks'D. Corner, Josephine B. On Being Sure of rights Saints. reserved. All Latterday Baldwin 7 Nichols 35 scription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; Sub20c

A Letter to Will Hays 8 Are There Enough Marriagesingle copy.

On the Book Rack 28 able Men?, William E. Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

for matter. as Acceptance secondclass Utah, Berrett Homing: 49 Have You Seen Bill?

of special rate provided at postage mailing 34 Index to Advertisers Lunt 58 May Jones 1917, section for in October, 1103, of Act

Your Page and Ours 64 authorized July 2, 1918.

fcdxkfuoLdu forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era isbut notwelcomesresponsibleconAnd So, As Always, We Face Uncertainty...Richard L. Evans 32 bytributions.sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

On Moving Over William Mulder 32 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Sbfiisidu, (posdbu, QjwAJkW&uL (Pju$$Isl Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

Fool's Gold Mary Lyon Crofts 18 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

A Substitute for Gas Olive W. Burt 22 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

Frontispiece: This Brave New Curve of Song, Eva Willes New York: Dougan and Bolle

Year, William Mulder 9 Wangsgaard 29

Poetry Page 27 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle.... 62 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS J/lIL QoVSlA,

of the changing the year passing of the acutely become aware more somehow we At A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY** life. swiftness days of illustration and the month's This cover Harold by M.

Lambert reminds us of the glorious certainties that lie beyond all present uncertainty. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Stas Before, Your Baby 6 STRAiaeo

You owe it to him to taste his food yourself—to check the flavor, color and

texture! You'll see why most mothers

- prefer Heinz Baby Foods!

youngster's your meals rich OFcannotCOURSEbe seaand highly soned like adult fare. But just taste

Heinz Strained Foods—notice the

tempting, wholesome flavor, the fresh, natural color, the fullbodied texture—and you'll discover that

there is a big difference in baby foods!

we*ae RvsmnrKWrfiawWWlOaito save

Picked and Packed The Same Day Firm, luscious vegetables—prizewinners the like of which you rarely

see on the open market—are raised in

fertile fields near Heinz factories so they can be rushed to our kitchens at Choose From 17 Strained Foods their fresh, flavorful prime. There Vegetable with Soup Cereals Yeast and 2. Concentrate. Beef they are scientifically cooked vacLiver andI. and Soup. 3. 4. Tomato Soup. Mixed 5. Greens. Spinach

Peas. Beets. in 7. 8.uumpacked 6 Green Beans. enamellined tins! 9. Carrots. 10. Asparagus.

II. Cereal. Mixed 12. Prunes with Juice. Lemon 13 Pears

"Pineapple. ad 14 and Apple Sauce. 15. APricots Apple Sauce

16. Beef Broth with Beef and Barley. 17. Vegetables and Lamb.

12 Delicious Junior Foods—Chopped, Mildly Seasoned,

Highly Nutritive—Specially Prepared To Bridge The Gap

Uniform Quality Between Strained Foods and Family Meals 1. Creamed Diced Vegetables. 2. Chopped Green Beans Is Laboratory 3. Creamed Green Vegetables. 4. Creamed Tomato and Rice

5. Chopped Spinach. 6. Chicken Farina Vegetable Porridge Controlled Chopped Carrots. 8. Chopped Mixed Vegetables. 9. Lamb

Liver Stew. 10. Pineapple Rice Pudding. 11. this Prune PudAll careful atding.and7. 12. Apple, Fig and Dessert. Date muM tention to details—this

insistence on freshness, speed and scientific care—means that THESE TWO SEALS MEAN

vitamins and minerals are retained in (si PROTECTION FOR BABY high degree. And to be absolutely

sure of this unvarying nutritive content—as well as uniform flavor, color

and texture—Heinz Quality Control

Department tests samples at frequent, BabyFbodsregular intervals. So you can be sure—HEINZ youwhen serve Heinz Baby Foods—

that your baby's getting the best!

) A r

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!"TELEFACT OF ACCIDENTS IN 1941 MAJOR CAUSES

MOTOt VEHICLE JtfJt Make the

HOME

World FREE OCCUPATION*!

PUWIC

Each symbol represents 500,000 persons Injured or killed

NOTEi There is a slight duplication in some of these categories All injuries are estimated ot 9,400,000.

Stout Hearts Pictograph Corporation for McCLURE NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE 10.30.42

and Exploring the Universe moisturethe mineralson snowfor theor algae.ice this provides

in of trees University the IIahogany is found by Trained Hands area. (Concluded from page 1 4 of penetration Proof "** Florida give mahogsomeday may the blood chemicals in finding the free in instead trees Florida grown any from

and the urine. of Africa. The experimental trees are

fastgrowing with in height catching up—will help to

age, their 'HP'o produce a "horsepower"not long pines twice have and already * ago it required 1,800 pounds of livtrunks twice the diameter of pines the the flesh, but with ing animal age; they hence best in same are making wood

explosionan developments, do the job. five as fast. times modern four to

type engine can be made producing a horsepower for less than each pound of '"Phe huge searchlights, five feet in it engine weight. "* diameter, used by the U. S. Army,

produce a light of about 800 million

Persimmon leaves have been found to candlepower, and are so powerful that * give exceptionally high values in a newspaper can be read by their light vitamin C content. The fresh leaves twelve miles away.

ten times as much vitamin 4 about fruit. "pACH time a sixteeninch gun is fired LD.S. Chaveas the

*4 one hundred twenty pounds of niBusiness College Snowfoundfieldsin ofAlaska.red andThepurplecolorcoloris dueare trogenit originallygo backcame.into the air from which

to over fifty kinds of singlecelled algae, 4

Salt Lake City, Utah one of the most primitive of living Come studies of certain electric power things, it has been found by Miss Erzelines found that the average fifty bet Kol. The kind of algae depends miles of power line will be hit by lightDay and evening classes—all the on whether surrounding mountain ning an average of fifty times a year,

will in nature. of stroke and each a voltage have or alkaline acid are year. Send for our "Bulletin of slopes

thirty million volts. twenty in the between dissolves and slowly dust Since the

Information."TELEFACT HOW U.S.A. AND AUSTRALIAN EATING HABITS DIFFER The TRIUMPH of FAITH 20Minute Cantata lor Mixed Voices with ANNUAL PER CAPITA CONSUMPTION

Baritone and Soprano Solos with organ or piano accompaniment by KIND OF FOOD S U.S. | AUSTRALIA

Claire Stewart Boyer and Gladys Rich published by J. FISCHER & BROS. BUTTER 16% A

ANY AVAILABLE AT 75c a Copy MUSIC DEALER LBS. [P Z P

BEEF 63 LBS. LBS. MUTTON 7 81 & LAMB LBS. S3 LBS. i—o read 19 The Improvement Era PORK M lbs. LBS. 55 Mf m $2.00 12 ISSUES

Pictograph Corporation for McCLURE NEWSPAPER SYNDICATE 1M.42

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

much for irrigation, being responsible submerged termed "the for what is now driven tunnel hundredfoot a sixldsi&L OF THE OLD dam,"through solid rock to water three hunFrom a report by Harold H. Jenson, dred acres of ground. The Dixie ColHistorian, Sons of Utah Pioneers lege, St. George, has a plaque on one

door saying "The C. W. Seegmiller,

Sr., Agriculture Laboratory."At his

advanced age he likes to read and can "CVer since 1875, when Charles R. do so without glasses.

L"/ Savage first established Old Folks Sister Garner, a native of England,

Day, Utah has given grateful and genis not only the oldest person living in erous accord to all who have attained Utah, but is the only living witness who "threescore years and ten."saw the Prophet Joseph and Patriarch

Recently there was published a reHyrum Smith, and she recalls meeting quest by the Old Folks Central Committhe funeral cortege following the martee for the names of all persons near tyrdom. She was also present when the

the century mark. Presiding Bishop mantle of the Prophet Joseph seemed

LeGrand Richards and Rodney Hillam, to fall upon Brigham Young. She tells

Jr., of the Sons of Utah Pioneers have how her family, at the point of a gun,

selected who are believed to be Utah's were forced from Nauvoo to an island oldest man and woman, Charles W. in the river. She vividly remembers

Seegmiller, Sr., of St. George, who will that her mother was making bread, and

be one hundred years old January 2, that they had to leave in such a hurry 1943, and Mrs. Mary Field Garner of she hung the halffinished bread over

Roy, who will be one hundred seven a wagon reach. They returned to Nauyears old, February 1, 1943. voo in the spring, and she remembers the

Brother Seegmiller, a native of Onnight the temple was burned by mobs.

tario, Canada, came to Utah in 1866 She came to Utah in 1850, the family and soon joined the Church. He marsettling in Slatersville. She is the mothried in the Forsythe Marianne Endoware children, of four er of ten whom

settledment House in 1868, and six in living. than hundred has more She

Utah's Dixie the same year. He spent lineal descendants.

four years as a colonist in the Muddy

Mission in Nevada. Of his family of

thirteen children, eight are living today. Top,ruary,Maryand Fieldbottom,Garner,Charleswho willW. beSeegmiller,107 in FebSr.,

Always a successful farmer, he has done who will be 100 in January

Keep Your Car in Top -Notch Wartime Condition LET US HELP YOU

The maintenance of essential transportation is vital to the war effort. Use your car for

essential purposes, within the limits of your gasoline allotment. This will help relieve the

pressure on public transportation facilities and will also help protect the efficiency of your car.

YOUR BATTERY should be tested frequently, beCheck in for a Check up at driving, curtailed with starting cause more and CAR CONSERVATION stopping, battery is the to more likely run down.

Don't take chances on a battery failure. HEADQUARTERS

SPECIALIZED LUBRICATION is needed more frequently in winter, to protect chassis friction points against slush and rust. ICOOIL MOTOR OIL should be checked oftener, because MOTOR

with reduced driving any oil is likely to become contaminated more easily. PEP88/GASOLINE y

Ask ior a iree copy of this handy folder. It offers

valuable suggestions on how to get maximum Utah Oil Refining Company Stations mileage from gasoline and tires. and Dealers in Its Products

QUETZALCOATL

By CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Roosevelt Fellow, Institute of

International Education Quetzalcoatl means "Quetzalserpent"or "feathered serpent."

But the feathers of the Quetzal bird were highly precious and thus the word "quetzal"came to mean "something precious.""Coatl"means serpent, but it also means twin. Even in

Spanish, as spoken today in Mexico, "cuate"means a close companion.

Hence, Quetzalcoatl, by extension, means "precious twin."In Mexican

mythology the planet Venus in the morning hours represented Quetzalcoatl, and when the star appeared in the west it represented his twin brother,

Xolotl.

WHETHER we like it or not, we will have to depend on machinery already in service for up to 98 percent of farm production in 1943.

This fact we must face. There's not a minute to lose. We've got to get the

old equipment ready now. Every tractor and every machine must be

put into first class working condition... for theirs is the task of growing and harvesting the most crucial crop in history. It can be done!

AllisChalmers is sharing the responsibility with you... all the way.

But your dealer asks that you line up your repair work immediately...don't QUETZALCOATL, ACCORDING TO THE BORGIA CODEX

wait another day. Give him time to

do a thorough reconditioning job In another legend Quetzalcoatl, who now... and you won't be sorry later. was also known as Ce Acatl, because

called a during he year born Ce was Allis Thousands of -Chalmers to his left Acatl, promised people and the Look eagle for Farm on Commandotractors inspected implements and by in of the name. return year a same When inspected equipment approved by and yourAllis dealers -Chalmers judged and in in the arrived Spaniards Cruz Vera AllisChalmers dealer. Watch Farm for his will forready performance soon peak calendar the (according 1519 Aztec machinery tractor Commando school and displaying redwhite-andblue thebe ) 1 there the year Cane was Ce to chance—your get valuable fachelpfrom Acatl—to

Farm Commando eagle. You too can torytrained experts. High schoolfarm shop was no doubt but that the Toltec god,

be proud to tell the world your equipclasses, county and local officials will also Quetzalcoatl, had returned to claim his ment is "Ready to Roil!"find this short course timely and educational. kingdom.

Quetzalcoatl was a benefactor; he

ImI TO purtDBHTIR nuiurSLIVINGS BUYkmWARSTAMPSBNDS, was god of the wind which brought life. He taught the 1 TO BETTER FARMING> E0M,N0W 1 rain; he was god of|T0 VICTORY TUWnNYMIR pLSHffl|ill|jgS natives the art of working precious

stones, weaving multicolored fabrics and feather mosaic. He introduced

autosacrifice, discovered maize, taught the Indians astronomy, and gave them a calendar.

Quetzalcoatl was an old creator god and thus, in some representations, he wore a beard. According to one tradition he went down to the world of the

dead, gathered the bones of past generations, and by nourishing them with his own blood, a new generation of men was created.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

it -it SUREON BEING OF YOURSELF For Individual -- Safety and Success

By DR. D. BALDWIN

For Uidt&uj....

Beyond all predictions, World time. exact. Careour every Be mark II has proved the vital necesis that overWar lessness be can a habit

come. Dun & Bradstreet estimate that sity of technical knowledge. Everysixty percent of all failures in this where the person equipped with

great country is due to carelessness. If facts is in demand.

your efforts are performed in a "scatterWhy? Consider an aircraft crew:

ation"manner with no wilful intention not only the success of their mission to condirector their as part your on is lost before trol race them, your you but their lives often depend upon begin. the soundness of the navigator's

mathematical training. That may

that been partly have Assuming you else mean the difference between a vicfeel that trained someone but still is doing the thing better than you could, torious return—or loss of plane and

it would be far better for you to concrew in a huge expanse of ocean.

serve the energy that you would waste gives sound University Brigham Young there in as started. getting As long Physical in and Mathematics

will there are people in this world Preengi- Arts and be trainingSciences; Mechanic

it unflinchingly face you that stand and Pilot and Training; many Commerce;How do you go about your work? competition. Unless you can underneering; primary and secondary Civil Is it halfheartedly, apwith no

fit young helping subjects men other them. place take cannot your among conscientious parent or trained

in officerships the armed for and women itseffort? of feel doubtful in normally being you fortunate Do Are you service. other or forces war

outcome? Do you regard yourself outhealthy? Then your chances are bet- *

classed even before you start? ter. A man's ambition seldom rises

Stewart E. White once said, "Do not above his physical wellbeing. You WINTER QUARTER

of health nature's cannot laws disobey unlessattempt to do a thing you are Jan. 4-March 26 penalties. their subsequent escape andsure of yourself. not relinquish But do

it else is simply evil not thoughts. because someone harbor Do not You SPRING QUARTER

It is thatsure smile. of you."quite obvious cannot so and do Try it once

the mind beclouded by doubt will be and watch yourself in a mirror. You March 29June 9

less likely to succeed in any endeavor will find there an expression that deFor Information, address the President than the one that is reasonably sure tracts from your character.

itself. is is faithof so necesThat why in speech. careful Never your Be

sary. firm believer author is a The is it betruth that the for granted in take Brigham Young

the of a prophet Nephite words who so. a gentold cause someone As you

thislived continent on American some is to eral rule always added something2500 years ago, wherein he says: the original story. You will find that University

in PROVO, UTAH will increase of control your power

I will the the things and go do which refraining to direct proportion your that the for hathLord commanded, I know President stories. #- -it such from repeating the giveth untoLord no commandments

children of men, save he shall prepare a Heber J. Grant says, "That which we

way for them that they may accomplish persist in doing becomes easier to do, has the thing of that nature thethe thing which he commandeth them. not

has ll\! USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS that our to do but changed, power

It is remarkable, the rapidity with increased."You will find how very Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

which obstacles disappear from around true that is in your own experiences. sore throat and other minor mouth

the man with a firm and decisive spirit. Begin right now to maintain an attiand throat irritations.

Do you consider yourself ambitious? tude of openmindedness. Be ready to

truth you accept whenever you find is poindividual with endowedEvery Hall's Canker Remedy person selfcentered are wrong. Thetential faculties of mind, and according 536 East 2nd Lake City, Utah So.—at Salt giving recomfor all without grasps abilityto his experience and he may

through concentrated effort rise to emipense a thought. Don't forget that for

life in all received things you good in endeavor.nence human You some Throughout For a Companion in return. which something That owewill satisfaction derive from your own the New Year greatest self is and is of payment theefforts yourself to distinguish in something. But, try to direct your energy usually the most appreciated. The Improvement Era

systematically. The trouble with most Don't discard humility, have faith, 12 issues $2.00

of us is that we aim at nothing and hit be courageous, and persevere!

(L SsdisA, to Nothings too good for you, my lad—WILL HAYS

TThe executives of the Church auxili- * ary organizations have sent the following letter concerning current practices in moving pictures of glorifying smoking and drinking.

November 14, 1942 Mr. Will H. Hays

28 West 44th Street, New York, New York.

"T\ear Mr. Hays:

For some time the auxiliary organizations of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints have been alarmed at the increasing use in motion pictures of alcoholic beverages and tobacco. By

the constant presentation of drinking and smoking on the screen the wholesome resistance of youth and childhood is being broken down.

Drama is one of the cultural fields with which we have full sympathy and in which some of our organizations work extensively among the young people. We know of the immense influence of dramatic representation on the

human mind. It is conceded that in

some situations the use of tobacco and liquor might legitimately give a truer picture of life, although our own standards lead us to ban these articles from the stage. Incidentally, we have been

pleased to see that plays do not suffer thereby. A talented group of professional and amateur players recently put

on The Man Who Came To Dinner, without smoking, drinking, profanity

strange slightest. not even FEISNMHA SOAP theor vulgarity, and without lessening, as it Wemayknow,seem, therefore,the humorthatin

a great decrease in the use of tobacco

You're definitely White House material, andlishedalcoholif thereon theis thestagewillcantobedoaccompit, and earnestly petition to set standyou we and you're going into training for it—right now! that will ards these harmful reduce

Especially the 'white'part. things to the minimum.

Although most states, perhaps all,

Everything you wear is going to be washed have statutes forbidding the use of toor alcoholic drinks minors, by with FelsNaptha Soap. You'll be so shining clean you'll bacco

in a drink is taken a play, yet whenever think I've bought you a new dress every day. And don't or a cigarette lighted, especially by actors who represent to the young patrons

try to laugh that one off, young fellow. You don't almost everything desirable in life, a

know how lucky you are to be starting life definiteance to impactobserveisthemadelaw.on their resistin a FelsNaptha home. The liquor and tobacco interests

know the power of such example and of

N. B.—You're in luck too, Mother. course do everything to extend the use

of these articles in the business of the

You're using the finest FelsNaptha Soap play. It is most unfortunate that the

ever made. Milder, quickersudsing. great institution of motion pictures, with

its immeasurable educational and charYet—Bar or Chips—priced acterforming influence, should be used

as low as ordinary soaps. to promote this evil. That is truly a

breach of its great trust.

Our responsibility to childhood and youth besides giving them the spiritual training to prepare them for eternal life, includes the endeavor to help them be

Golden bar or Golden chips. FELSNAPTHA banishes TattleTale Gray"healthy, temperate, upright and clean.

(Concluded on page 37) Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts.

JJua. (Baovsl Tbiw (lj&Wc

By J. -Low now, old earth, do you presume

To mock us with a year so young? WILLIAM We with our ancient fears, to whom May we entrust the days to come, MULDER

Knowing how thin a thread is time

And dearly bought? This brave new year,

Has it a faith beyond our rhyme

And reason, a hope beyond all fear?

Somewhere in this new course around the sun

You will make answer, as the tomorrows one

By one are gathered up into that day

When men shall dream again and children play.

><rx>c><r><><>c>:><><><><;<>ex>e><3><><c><><>

FIR D HOM THE

OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

finds glorious principles, three if sought our sociated which individuals sincerely with Theheartsapproachingfilled with deepHolidaygratitudeSeasonmingled as motivating and factors by feelings of apprehension. nations, would themselves make this world an

We are grateful for the outstanding progress Eden instead of a threatened shambles. These

the Church has made during the past year; for the were heralded by the heavenly hosts as "Glory to

united and unstinted support given by the General God,""Peace on earth,"and "Good Will toward

Authorities and officers of the Church; for the men."

loyalty, faith, and devotion of the general auxiliMore Godliness Needed ary boards, the officers in stakes, quorums, wards, and missions, and of the Church membership in It is a deplorable but recognizable fact that men's general. Most of all we are grateful for the ashearts all too generally are turned from and not

surance we have of the Lord's guidance and overtoward God. Selfpromotion, not God's glorificaruling power. tion, is the motivating factor in most people's lives.

is all too manifest. The Lord's name We are apprehensive of mankind's welfare in a Irreverence

world of tribulation and of false ideals. Two world is frequently "taken in vain,"and profanity, parwars within the short time of twentyfive years ticularly here in the United States, is so common

discredit the intelligence not to say the spirituality as to pollute the air. The possibility "that man

of the rulers of this supposedly enlightened century! may fall from grace and depart from the living

With nations grappling at one another's throats, God,"has become a sad reality. "Therefore, let

with millions of men engaged in a death struggle, the Church take heed and pray always, lest they with the precious principles associated with man's fall into temptation."

freedom threatened with repudiation, if not abanThe world needs more godliness, and less goddonment, men and women the world over should lessness; more selfdiscipline, less selfindulgence;

make this the most thoughtful, the most prayerful, more power to say with Christ, "Father, not my the most sacred Christmas of all time, should more will, but thine be done."

earnestly than ever seek the causes of this world's disaster, and bravely and heroically choose a betPeace ter course of life.

Christ came to bring peace. Rejection of His

This is a time when mankind should turn their way of life has made strife and contention rampthoughts to the teachings of the Christ; and in ant. Man, not the Lord has brought deadly conlarger numbers than the world has ever heretofore flict and subsequent misery. Wars spring from

witnessed conform thereto their attitudes and acwickedness. As a destructive fire devastates protions. Unless multitudes of men and women so ductive fields and growing forests, wars engulf the

change their hearts and lives, the world will coninnocent and righteous as well as the wicked.

tinue to be drenched in blood and the present Millions of hearts in homes on all continents are civilization be threatened with disintegration. today yearning for the end of battles and the comWith the birth of the Babe of Bethlehem are asing of peace. Under present conditions, however,

!SXX=XX=XX=X X=X X=X X3X XZX XIX XTX X=X X=XXZXX=X X=X X=< XIX X=X)0<)C>>C=><<>>0<K>)<><<>IC><IC>>0<0<iC><)0<)0<0<0<0<0<IO(0< *3

r*><><><3>:><=*><r><><><:<i><><:>cv-><.><r>><><><=

the war will be ended only by superior armed Greeting forces, by increased number of swifter and stronger planes, by more shattering bombs and other weapTo soldiers and to missionaries in their respective ons of destruction; but Peace will be maintained fields of duty, we send greetings and earnest prayers

only by nobler men and by more Christlike nations. that God's protecting care and divine guidance

may be yours.

manifest reign, be there must Before peace can in these that fellowcountrymen, urge our we To less hatred; in compassion hearts and more human

strive unitedly earnestly perilous pray and days we in less sanctity generosity, greed; more and more

5 of the for preservation Constithe watchfully and the home, fewer divorces; more guardianship, less

tution of the land, and for the perpetuity of the neglect of children; more temperance, less drunkfree government for which our. country stands. 5

chastity, a word, enness; more less debauchery—in Aptly may we reecho the words:

of there must be first "the Kingdom more seeking

God and His righteousness."This is not merely Humanity with all its fears,

a quotation nor a trite platitude; it is the restateWith all the hopes of the future years 5

ment of an eternal truth, which men must sooner Is hanging breathless on thy fate.

or later accept if they would prevent the human race To noble men and women who sacrifice, and 5 from further degeneration. The time has come fight for the divine gift of Freedom and. the right

: give I when men's hearts must be changed, impossible of selfgovernment, we pray that God will

though this seems to many. Man must be "born increased strength and a just victory. 5

again,"said Jesus the Christ, whose mission on To the loyal Saints in Great Britain, on the corki-.;

in light that sit darkness "to give earth to them was in the Islands Africa, South Europe, in Asia, of nent 51 feet in the our to guide the of death, and in shadow to the Pacific, and of the i: Commonwealths and

way of peace."intrepid officers who preside over these various 5

missions, we extend felicitations and high commenBrotherhood dation. Your faithfulness under stress and trial

Not until Freedom triumphs, and a just peace is an inspiration to your fellowmembers in all lands.

comes may we hope for "good will among men."May a kind and watchful Providence richly reWhen a soldier sees his "buddy's"body torn and ward you and give to you and your loved ones

mangled beside him, he madly, desperately seeks consolation and peace.

revenge. Multiply that soldier by millions, and you To members of the Church everywhere we send

readily see how hate, not good will, governs the with this Greeting our confidence, gratitude, and hearts and actions of mankind. Thus war makes love. Your ready response to duty, your gratuitous

men vicious and arouses in them brutal instincts. contributions of time, ability, and means have

It prompts the abrogation of all moral obligations. given to the Church an efficiency, influence, and

Today when these facts are so strikingly manipower to advance the work of the Lord never befest, let all sincere'men recognize the evil condifore achieved. May power from on High be given

tions that have caused wars, and resolve with you to live in accordance with the teachings and

God's help to banish them forever. There must principles of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ,

come a victory of Right and Freedom over Iniquity that thereby you may hasten the coming of that 8 and Oppression; but war will never be vanquished blessed day when men and women in greater num-

5 until men change their hearts and establish new bers the world over will join the Heavenly Hosts ideals. Not only individuals, but nations must say, in saying: "Glory to God in the highest, and on

"Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the earth peace, good will toward men."

Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; and he We wish to all of you a blessed and hallowed

will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his Christmas!

paths."Critically, dangerously, mankind stands at the

Crossroads. When the present conflict is ended,

will the children of men continue along the old highway stretching through the centuries and leading only to misery and destruction; or will they

turn into the more rugged path and follow Him who said: "I am the way, the truth, and the life"?

Most sincerely and humbly we declare that in Jesus

Christ and Him alone may be found the peace and salvation of the human family. The First Presidency.

tx >c< ><=>< <=>< >c>< ><c>< >c>< ><c>< ><c>< ><r>< ><z>< ><3x ><=>< >c>; ><z>< ><

I THE RESURRECTION AM

By This solemn, and unequivocal tesSabbath day, they sought to kill Him.

ff) divinthe Christ, 5:16 timony Jesus His of J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. (John mission, delivered His ity and was thronged in greatest mass They

nationwide by President Clark on of the First Presidency to Him when He fed them loaves and the Church of the Air, from the fishes without charge, and when, hot

Tabernacle, Temple Square, Salt in their wild selfishness, they sought

Lake City, December 20th, 1942, to make this free, generous, provider through the Columbia Broadcasting their king.

system and its affiliated stations, originating with Radio Station KSL. But when Jesus declared, "I am

the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this

bread, he shall live for ever"(John disciples ), and His murmured thereafter of them walked no Martha,ing to meetingraise herJesusbrothercom- 6:51many

Lazarus from the dead, to more with Him, for they understood 'the intent that the Apostles might Him no more than did the woman believe,'said: of Samaria at Jacob's well when He

discoursed to her about the "well of

Lord, if thou hadst been here, my brother water springing up into everlasting died. not had

I But know, that even now, whatsoever life"(John 4:14); He proclaiming

thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee. His own mission, the Pharisees and

Jesus saith unto her, Thy brother shall chief priests sent officers to arrest rise again. Him (John 7:11 ff); He declaring

he him, saith unto Martha I know that they the Shepherd, Good He was shall at the resurrection in the rise again ff); devil a said (John 10:1 He had last day.

Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, He explaining His oneness with the and the life: he that believeth in me, though Father, they sought first to stone

he were dead, yet shall he live: Him and then to take Him (John

believeth whosoever liveth and And in me 10:22 ff); He affirming that "Before this? shall die. Believest thou never

She saith unto him, Yea, Lord: I believe Abraham was, I am,"they again

that thou art the Christ, the Son of God, tried to stone Him (John 8:55 ff);

which should come into the world. (John Sonship, declaring His divine He

11:2127) to resurrection, the they sought PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. and

kill Him. (John 5:17 ff) Christ, the the mightiest did Thus

all time, figure of of ["ooking back across the nineteen witness bear

Himself. hundred years that have gone, At Nazareth, His friends and

we marvel that of all those who neighbors would have cast Him

Thus did the lowly Martha bear walked and talked with Jesus in Galidown headlong over a cliff for proher responsive testimony, as simple lee and Judea, so few indeed underclaiming a universal salvation, save and clear and straightforward, as stood or believed His message. And that He "passing through the midst

unequivocal and allembracing as of the countless thousands who have of them went His way"(Luke 4:16

that of Peter, himself, when he delived and heard His message since ff); later, rejected again by these

clared, "Thou art the Christ, the His time, how scant the number that and by His own kinsfolk and houseSon of the living God."(Matt. 16: have really believed and walked in hold, His brothers and sisters (so

16) His way. It has been with great runs the record), He declared in

Thus to the humble, houseserving multitudes, even as with the Pharicomment and reproof: "A prophet

Martha, came this great and most sees in their hypocrisy: is not without honour, but in his own

glorious message of the ages. Men This people honoureth me with their lips, country, and among his own kin, and

have lived by it, they have died but their heart is far from me. in his own house."(Matt. 13:5458;

for it, since Cain slew Abel. It was Howbeit in vain do they worship me. Mark 6:1-6)

cast at "the beginning,"at the time men.teaching(Markfor doctrines7:6 ff; Matt.the commandments15:8 ff) of Finally John, he who baptized the

resaid the to as Job, Lord when, the proclaimed, "Behold Christ and in to flocked multitudes his underfor Him shallow The proving him taketh of away which God, Lamb truths spiritual for the Palestine, not the 'the of foundations standing, sin 1:29) world,"the the of (John

... to patthe follow proclaimed, nor laid the mornearth were when He disciples, his sent doubting who

led. life all tern declared of and the together, stars ing and sang He that thou he questioned: "Art

little either these. for of joy.'cared for They of shouted sons (Job God anfor look or come, should do we to because of the came sons Him He 38:4-7) They God And (Matt. other?"11:3) their sick, their whole glorious plan healed made the because shouted

then made, laid out the way, the crippled, cast out from them their But the powers of evil knew Him.

straight and narrow way, by treadevil spirits. And yet because He The Gadarene demons proclaimed

ing which they might at last come cast out devils, they accused Him Him, they knew His message and to that divine destiny the Father had of being in league with Beelzebub its truth as they besought Him not purposed for them when they were (Matt. 12:24 ff; Mark 3:22 ff; Luke to cast them out into the deep, bodiorganized before the world was. 11:1436); when He healed on the less (Matt. 8:2834; Mark 5:1-20;

// 10:16; 3 Nephi 15:16 ff) To these

peoples, His resurrected body was likewise a veritable reality. (3 NeLIFE phi 11 ff)AND THE

piGHTEEN hundred years later, the

Luke 8:2639); so knew Him the arose, a glorified, resurrected being, Father and the Christ again redemon in the synagogue in Capernaflesh and bone and spirit reunited, turned to earth, on this hemisphere,

um, (Mark 1:2128; Luke 4:3137) making the perfect soul, the First in answer to the earnest prayer of

and the demons on the day of mirFruits of the Resurrection. the boy Joseph Smith. Again the

acles when Peter's motherin-law Resurrected, He appeared first to body of the resurrected Christ was was healed. (Matt. 8:1417; Mark Mary Magdalene (Mark 16:9), shown to be a reality, just as real as

1:2934; Luke 4:3841) And Lucithen to the women, who, obedient to when He appeared to Mary Magfer, the "son of the morning,"(IsaChrist's command (Matt. 28:9-10), dalene and the other women, and to

iah 14:12) he who fell so far, to the went to the disciples telling them of the Apostles, and to the five hunvery depths of hell, he knew Him on the risen Lord, but the disciples dred, and to the group on the shores

the Mount of Temptation and sought thought the reports were but idle of the Sea of Tiberias.

All of these saw with their eyes and many felt with their hands the

TTO THE HUMBLE, HOUSESERVING MARTHA body of the resurrected Christ, and

CAME THIS GREAT AND MOST GLORIOUS MESall of them heard with their ears His

SAGE OF THE AGES.

'"These saw with their eyes and many felt with their hands the body of the resurRECTED Christ, and all of them heard with

THEIR EARS HlS VOICE. He WAS A REAL PERSON,

A RESURRECTED BEING.

r\F THE COUNTLESS THOUSANDS WHO HAVE

LIVED AND HEARD HlS MESSAGE SINCE HlS

SCANT THAT THE NUMBER TIME, HOW HAVE

BELIEVED His destruction. (Matt. 4:1-11; REALLY IN HlS WAY. AND WALKED Mark 1:1213; Luke 4:1-13).

But His being cast off by the world and by His own did not fill His cup of rejection. At the crucifixion, tales. (Luke 24:9-11) Then He voice. They knew He was a real

while the passersby and the soldiers shewed Himself to Peter (Luke 24: person, a resurrected being.

mocked, scoffed, and reviled Him, 34; I Cor. 15:5), and to the two disThus He passed through the full

(Matt. 27:3944; Mark 15:2932; ciples journeying to Emmaus (Luke cycle of progress which God has

Luke 23:3639) He hung on the 24:1322; Mark 16:1213), then to decreed for each and every one of

either alone, for a thief on save cross the Apostles, all but Thomas cycle declares which the pur- ( Mark us,—a the side, only not forsaken by 16:14; Luke 24:3349; John 20:19pose of creation our final and our

throngs of the idle curious, but for23 ), and a week later to all the destiny.

saken by the scores He had healed, Apostles (John 20:2429), each and A first epoch, the premortal exby the multitudes He had fed, by all of them skeptical till they had istence of an intelligence housed in

the greedy crowds that would have seen and felt the resurrected body of a spiritual body, (Abraham 3:21 ff;

made Him king; He hung, forsaken flesh and bone. Then He appeared D. & C. Sec. 93:29; Ether 3:15 ff;

by His disciples, even by His Aposto the group at the Sea of Tiberias Moses 3 ) for, as to Christ, John detles, who had boasted they would be (John 21:1-14), then to James (I clared:

itto the five loyal, Cor. hundred 15:7), death even to devoted and and

at time ( ) for- I Cor. 14:31 self, (Matt. 15:6), one 26:35; and Mark again WordIn thewasbeginningwith God,was andthe theWord,Wordand wasthe

saken by all except His mother, her to the Twelve before His ascension God.

sister, and Mary Magdalene, and at Bethany. (Mark 16:1519; Luke The same was in the beginning with God.

John the Beloved, (John 19:25) and 24:5051; Acts 1:9-11) And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt

off. afar stood some who women us, among (and his beheld glory, the we of these the resurrected To all glory crucified as of the (Matt. and only begotten the 27:55) of Father,) So Christ to be was known as real as full of truth. grace and 1:1-2, (John 14) infinite, forsaken, in His hanging the mortal Christ, and they so bore

spirit to loneliness, about go, His His second epoch, a mortal housbody A ing in the spiritual forth cry witness. that burst body, mighty grief for Christ which

of mortal neardespair, "My God, After His ascension at Bethany was divinely engendered, (Luke 1:30

my God, why hast thou forsaken He returned again to earth, on the ff; 1 Nephi 11:18 ff; Mosiah 3:8; Alma

me?"(Matt. 27:46; Mark 15:34) Western Hemisphere, and minis- 7:10) for the angel of the Lord told

So He died that by His death we tered, performing mighty works, to Mary of her conception, and that she should bring forth one be would who all multitudes children, awaited other of born the God's who Him and called the of the Highest. Son (Luke here, live. for the these multitudes since were might Adam, 1:30 ff.) third a epoch, of period A other sheep at the of the third of which break had Then He for He death the mortal the body when

day, the stone was rolled back from had told His disciples in Jerusalem, spirit and body again separate and the mouth of the tomb, and the Christ saying He must visit them. (John (Continued on page 61)

of Wisdom T.he Word

declares: What AS

Yea, flesh also of beasts and of the fowls of the air, I, the Lord, have ordained for the use of man with thanksgiving; never- 1

theless they are to be used sparingly; and cell in the body. All of the differit is pleasing unto me that they should not ent classes of food in the right proin of timesbe used, only winter, or of cold, portion are necessary for health.

1213)or famine. C. 89: (D. &

This is plain language, easily unThe Protein Requirement derstood; yet many of our people are The present query concerns the

asking: What is the real meaning need of protein in the daily diet.

of the expression "meat sparingly"? Protein is of vital importance, since

How is one to tell how much meat no animal can live without it. It

should be eaten? This is especially forms part of every cell in the body

perplexing today, since many organand must be supplied by the food for izations, until recent rationing prosgrowth and repair. It is extremely

it adunpopular, werepects made is in the child for the important who this wellin teachings sound the of The day use meat everyvocating less so period; hardly in and growing article are timely documented

for and chilin men, the year women, of equal rationing, but of meat a day of as replacement wornfor the adult is that stressing meat are times. in Sciencedren, and normal importance is taktissue. protein name The raout that continuing meat a indicates is a that pork vitamins, of sourcea "to the means and Greek from en if other health tioning favor 1 would vitamin the The nerve ofsource B in first place"been comhas take and used. wisely are of protein sources

2 eatis be. should that meatinference of prophetic the Joseph power Again, 1828. since usage mon

en freely every day in the year. Smith is evident. Egg white is almost pure protein;

Every Church member must ask: lean meat is another source. Other

How does this "square"with the rich sources are milk, cheese, peas, teaching of the Word of Wisdom? seven classes: (1) proteins, which beans (especially soy beans), lentWas the Prophet speaking only for build body tissue or repair wornout ils, and certain nuts. Most foods

refrigerationhis day when fats, foods, was untissue; or fuel prac- (2) some contain some protein—indeed, human knowledge and hasknown, necessary are acids fatty of whose sugfood, except tically no common

advanced so much that he must be for growth; (3) carbohydrates ar and fat, is without protein in some

considered a "back number,"nutri- ( starches and sugars ), also fuel form. Animal food is necessarily

tionally speaking? foods, which help to digest fat and rich in it, since the animals have built

The Answer of Modern Science alsoergy;act(4)as roughagea source oformuscularindigestibleenthetheirproteinfood. into their tissues from

This question shall be answered material in foods, which is necessary Some of these proteins, because of by some of the best known scientists to promote intestinal health; (5) their chemical structure, are more

in the field of human nutrition. mineral salts, which are of primary easily utilized by the body and are

known as "complete proteins."OthPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION ers, which do not fit so well into the

SCIENCE SERVICE 10.1.2 chemical pattern of body cells are TELL FACT called "incomplete"or are said to SIZE OF WEEKLY MEAT RATION value. biological a low have Yets (PER PERSON) as food. distinct values they all have

1.2 LBi> In general it may be stated that mm4444$GT. BRITAIN animal proteins have the highest biological value; but in this class must

be put eggs, milk, cheese, and their combinations, which are called aniGERMANY 444,, malderivatives. These do not have

some of the disadvantages of flesh proteins... siITALY 4,"It must be understood also, that

proteins have the power to supplement each other. Thus if meat profor fleshforming 2'/i IBS tein as 100, is rated U.S.A. 44444 protein would be purposes, wheat

39, and gelatin 0. Yet wheat and

It is true that investigations in this importance and are necessary for gelatin together would rate as 50.

field of knowledge are in progress all the bony framework of the body as This is true with other combinations over the world and newer angles are for its entire physiological wellbe- of proteins. Hence while some first

being frequently discovered. Yet ing; (6) vitamins or chemical enti- -Mottram, V. H., (professor of physiology, Uniorganic substances 56. ties, are p. the Family, which of London versity physiand Food of human fundamentals the

86. p. Nutrition (1934) Ahlborn.) and 2Chaney food, minunrefined in fresh, present well and are fairly constant See 67. ology the Family, pp. 56 to Tvlottram, and Food

biochemistry, of (professor to McCollum also E. V. indispensable yet in amount, uteknown. Hopkins Health, Johns Public and of Hygiene School

) though which water, (1934), pp. Health Nutrition and and University), Food. ( 7

Nutrition, Ahlborn, Food Classes health; pp. and also Chaney See U-14. is as a food, classed not usually '1940), the Family Rose. Feeding 85105. Also

Foods are generally divided into necessary for the wellbeing of every 118125. pp.

u By LEAH D. WIDTSOEHUMAN FOOD

is class tein is protein in the necessary diet, taking claimed for experiments intake adult the average human it to that greater is not exclude yet necessary from aches freedom than and not day. more 100 grams per

those of less biological value. The pains, a greater endurance under

latter class may be as essential as stress and strain, and a greater deHow Much Meat Per Day?

the first—their combination is cergree of health and wellbeing re- A very pertinent question must

tainly required for full nutrition. sults when the daily intake of pronow be answered. Should that 100

In simple terms, it is necessary to tein is around 60 grams on the dry grams of protein be all animal prohave some animal protein and some basis. (28.35 grams = one ounce) tein or meat, or may some of it be

vegetable protein in the daily food. He is convinced that the American vegetable protein; and should the

One must always remember that the people eat far too much protein. animal protein be from the flesh of

proteins of the animal derivatives What should be emphasized is that the animals or may some of it be milk, of practicaleggs, all the protein intake a of with low animal from the cheese—are derivatives—eggs,

diet value physiologically ly the as first class rest of the same be must as milk, cheese? Dr. Mottram anthe meat proteins. In some ways regards all the other factors of nuswers it thus:

they may even be superior. Dr. Mctrition, including ample mineral and Such is the general consensus of researchCollum states that whole eggs, which vitamin content. ers on dietetics: out of the 100 grams protein to taken be per day, be 30 should Al proteins, of represent a mixture have nutritionists, Dr. notably Some (i.e., proteins, rest the animal) while may in nutrition higher value a than after (i.e., of Denmark, 4 any Martin Hindhede proteins. vegetable) lower grade be

other protein known. a lifetime of human experimentation, Translated into ounces this may12

claim that if the diet is otherwise be estimated that the average adult satisfactory a daily protein intake requires between two to four ounces of 50 grams or less is entirely adeof protein per day divided between quate. With this estimate7 Dr. Walanimal and vegetable sources, or as

ter H. Eddy agrees. Mottram states, onethird of the

Others, including Dr. Henry C. three or four ounces should be aniSherman, professor of chemistry at mal protein and twothirds vegeColumbia University, claim that table protein. Many nutritionists go

from 45 to 70 grams, with the lower further and say that the onethird figure as the average, is an adequate of the day's animal protein ration intake, protein adult is satisfactory. the diet rest of Dr. Mary Swartz Rose, late proprovided8 the rivatives—eggs,may better come milk,from thecheese—rathanimal deflesh. er than or from animal meat fessor in nutrition of Teachers Colstate and Chaney that Ahlborn Dr. us assures that the McCollum lege, University, Columbia New of one protein kilogram for each milk of proteins are of eggs and very in inthe York, statement her makes (about of gram two pounds) body nutritive value high be and abmay valuable the book Feeding Family. weight allowance. is an ample Thus into the sorbed blood proand body are not Milk and only eggs adequate sub- a adult 1 50pound needs from 45

stitutes for meat, carry in but they addition constituents of ash a rich supply vitato 70 grams (about5 '2\/2 ounces) of and mins which will have to be added to the protein per day.

to ration it equally meat valuable with make either of the other two. The housewife who Dr. E. V. McCollum, on the other

provides a somewhat varied diet, ample in hand, claims that the daily adult reis for protein quirement fuel eggs, value, to including about 1 1 need milk and feel of that her family she is depriving not for 1 20 grams 10 connormal average if essential furnishes she any a very small sumption. He states: "It is generat all. 5 or of meat none amount

ally accepted by physiologists that

She states further that if meat is it is safer to allow between three eaten, it should be taken in moderaand four ounces of protein, per day, tion. per man, when it is provided by a

How Much Protein? mixture11 of vegetable and animal teins with relatively little waste. Infoods."This seems to be the updeed proteins he states, "Meat

all nutritionists 13 are agree Since limit for protein. that per of value."lower somewhat of protein is necessupply ample an

sary for bodily wellbeing, the quesMany nutritionists claim that the Another way of stating the amount for protein in needed growth the is daily adult beof need somewhere arises: tion is an naturally What child life, for health, long and and these tween amounts. two Notable nutritionists supply? Here ample

life vigor throughout for the adult these is Dr. among H. Mottram V. agree. not do has given Dr. been Bogert, by Jean of that University, says London who of Yale Dr. Russell H. Chittenden in instructor former at medicine it is all in factors of a wise keeping first of the the University, founder the University of at Chicago and in nutrition that the proto see mind of chemistry physiological laboratory Yale. the optimum allowance As

in America, after long and pains7Eddy, Nutrition, sSherman, Food andp. Health55 (1941), pp. 74, 75 of protein she gives the following:

4McCollum, The Newer Knowledge of Nutrition ''Chaney and Ahlborn, Nutrition, p. 105 {Continued on page 54)

(1939), p. 130 10McCoIlum, Newer Knowledge of Nutrition (1939),

r'Rose, the Family (1940), Feeding 6Chittenden, Physiological Economyp. in122 Nutrition, p. n133,McCollum,134 Food. Nutrition and Health (1934), 12Mottram,"McCollum,FoodFood,andNutritionthe Family,and p.Health130 (1934),

p. 51; see also Chaney and Ahlborn, Nutrition, p. 91. p. 12 p. 13

JAc INCENTIVE MORMON dladu jcoDp&urfiotL tauuyhL Bul TI/lsfummiA. cl

wudojfL that DJthsik, qJwupA. owl boJUww?

By BONARO W. OVERSTREET

that we've really meant it when we've talked of fatherhood and brotherhood. To Mormons, that is,

basic—itthe familylinksrelationshippeople toisGodabsolutelybefore

they are born, and to God and one another on earth and through all eternity. The human linkages that

are divinely planned can never be broken except by a wilful failure to acknowledge them and to take on the responsibilities that go with them.

And a family is made up, you see, of far more members than just the handful that happen, at a given time, to r hat have your people, the live under a given roof. The whole

Mormons, learned from human race is included in it."

their long experience in "So that the religious family and cooperation that can now be borbiological family are the same?"rowedWby other groups?"That was He nodded, "There's certainly no

the question put to Dr. Wesley P. his desk chair, looked out of the ofconflict between science and our reLloyd, Dean of Men at Brigham fice window, and again pondered. ligion on that count."

Young University, by the visitor Apparently one thought led to an- "But the knowledge of our comfrom New York. Dr. Lloyd was seother. For with a puzzled shake of mon biological origin has never

lected for questioning because his his head, he in turn put a question: served to make us any more amiable

understanding of the Mormon "But isn't the problem of incentive toward one another."

Church was proved by his work as still the one that has to be tackled Dr. Lloyd became suddenly seriward bishop and his competence to first? Methods of cooperation don't ous. "That's because the knowledge

speak of the wider American scene mean anything to people who see no has carried no moral charge. When

by his doctorate studies at the Unireason to cooperate. Even if we Mormons talk of family they are

versity of Chicago. Mormons have accumulated a certalking of a morally responsible relabriskly given to overNot being they have always God tionship—for

simplified answers, Dr. is Lloyd this a member. means ponmethods—wisdomtain store of practicalanyonewisdomcouldaboutboras Whatdered the problem put to him. row—how are you going to get peothat people of the large human fam-

"Well,"he said, at last, "our social ple to give those methods a trial?"ily are persuaded to regard one anexperiments, of course, are rooted in "Now you're putting a question other with something of the same afour religion. They are closely tied up to me! But I'll turn it back to you: fection and helpfulness that normally

with both our theology and the orHow did the Mormons get people to mark the small human family—the

ganized structure of the Church."give them a trial?"parents and children under one roof.

Then he added modestly, "I don't "I'd say again that we had the reOf course, it's the ideal, you underthink I've ever tried to weigh them ligious motive to start with."stand, I'm talking about here, and

except in relation to these.""But—I hate to seem stubborn we've never done more than approxi- "But even if religion started about this—the term 'religious momate it in practice. Still, you can see

things, wouldn't many of the results tive'is pretty vague. Obviously, not what I mean by the religious incenof your communal efforts be basicalevery religion has brought people totive."

ly psychological—so that they'd apgether and held them together. Are "Yes, I see. It does make brotherply to any group?"there certain essentials a faith must hood come alive. But I wonder

"You mean that our people would have if it is to promote communal whether you really mean that just have learned, by now, a good deal living?"the pronouncement of that faith

about methods that work and meth- "Hm-m-m. I think perhaps there which, after all, had been declared

in to a sufficient that don't has always motive aods emworld where work are. Mormonism

in live to society? the fatherhoodpeople road toand have Yes, phasized on the before—provedstart the Mormons of God

if you put it that way, I think we can the brotherhood of man."ward a communal society?"

honestly claim to know more than a "But how does that make it differ Dr. Lloyd smiled. "I was afraid

little about the wants and behaviors from any other form of Christianyou wouldn't let me off so easily. No

of average people."ity?"—the history of Mormonism isn't so

At this point Dr. Lloyd tilted back "Only, I suppose, to the extent {Continued on page 57)

.

JhjL.. MORMON STORY

P\r. Harry A. Overstreet was a. kola. AiilL to JbiL bold. L guest professor at Brigham

Young University summer school in 1942. the Writer's To Roundup,

his wife, and he "Tl/hfxMJWUMVL hoA. cl po&t that mat y&L Bonaro Overstreet, W.

valuable made contributions. Dr.

Overstreet gave an address to the bsL L quidsL io jowl dm&JticmL pjdwuL f group titled "The Writer's Function in these Troubled Times,"the last part of which we asked permission in print to By HARRY A. OVERSTREET the Era because of the stimulus it offers, not only to writers, but

also to all Latterday Saints.

Mrs. Overstreet's article writwas call life let to not be the is I This realism calling for; spirit—the am ten in class a which she attended at irrational stupid selfdefeat- and and only it happens realism a to be B. about Y. U. session summer and should

it ing thing has so largely become. the in likewise tough idealisms us. prove This challenging does to thoughtful Latterday Saints. A hundred years have made a vast not mean that we must cease the fine

amount of difference; and the coneffort to be honest about the ugliviction that comes to us today—out nesses that exist. It merely means

of bombs and tanks and Hitlers and that we writers need at this particular seems to Quislings bitand Lavals the hunting and for time to go the individuals writes me that whoever1 ternesses the classes between races It about Mormons, and among the creative have in his studyus who and ing people and in his making them—is the conviction that the old soheroic qualities needed for the tough

come alive through cunningly chosciety of selfinterest and pitiless problems ahead of us....

en words, has both an opportunity, competition is done for.... Again, Mormonism has passed through

and, at this time particularly, a speare there individuals now in your an heroic period of crusading.

cial obligation. The winning of the midst who have the stuff in them to Giants once walked in this land.

war, as we keep telling ourselves, do this new kind of building? If Giant things were done. As in all

must mean the creation of a less irwriters of the Mormon story can find such periods, the inward eye was rational world than that in which we them and describe them to us—not turned outward. There was little

have lived. It will require individsentimentalized, romanticized, Poltime for selfassessment; little time

uals to build this lyanaized; not made into little tin for doubts and questions about one's world—men and

women who have the stuff it takes to gods or supermen; but with all the own outlooks and values; little time

put aside the stupid pettinesses and difficult courage of their fallibility; for the confronting of oneself with

selfcontradictions of our traditional with the warts and wrinkles of their cool objectivity that is necessary if life and work wisely for a reasonpersonalities showing, they will do life is to go wisely forward. As

able and generous order of existence. for American manhood and womanSocrates expressed it: "An unexWhere do we find such individuals? hood and for the American future amined life is not worth the living."

Do you know of any? Have you what sorely needs to be done. {Continued on page 53)

seen them, lived with them, talked with them? If so, tell us about them!

Both for the heartening of ourselves and for the lifting of ourselves up to their standards, we need to know that such people exist and what they are like. I don't mean plaster saints;

I don't mean the mock heroes of the thrillers. I mean men and women

who live with the quiet zeal of cooperation; who have the strength to say

"No"to the exploiter, to the racehater, to the standpatter—to all the

enemies of our decent generosities;

men and women who have the seeing eyes that can locate our authentic future. You surely must have individuals like that out here. You come

of a stock of highsouled, brave men and women. It is unlikely that the

stock has died out. Today there

is the call to the brave and high of

*Mr. Overstreet's phrase here and throughout the

original lecture was "the Utah writer."Actually,

hewhat says can be to all addressed writers about the Mormons—whether or out, in Utah whether Morormon his nonMormon. permission With "the Utah

writer"becomes "the writer of the story."Mormon

(Ed.)

Jbi maruf. ahsb mhlnd Jdo

FOOL'S he was glad thatthey were justsa little late. It was

easier to enter unnoticed with the congregation standing, singing. Shefollowed her mother to a row of seats GOLD

and stood waiting while people moved down all along the line to make room for them. When the singing ended she sat between her mothavoid the eyes inside. The warmth

er and father and hated herself for of late autumn sunshine, the blue feeling selfconscious. smoky haze over the valley, and

It was hard to come back after yellowed falling leaves did little to seven years. Hard, but fun too, bequiet the turmoil within.

cause she had the inner satisfaction All through the class she had of seven years of accomplishment. listened to Carl's voice deep and viShe had succeeded beyond her wildbrant conducting the lesson of the

est hopes. She knew she would be adult group. She had marveled at

pointed—"There'sout byVaudisthe old townspeople hission,abilitybut alwaysto stimulateunderneaththe discusshe Lee—Jason goseemed to hear in a faintly sneeringLee's youngest daughter—She'sing to Washington. Senator Reefe's tone—"We are honored."

private secretary."She waited in the coupe for her

She felt a warmth of mental confather and mother. And Carl came

fusion as she sensed nudges and to wait in the car next. Her mind

whisperings along the row that had was flooded with memories. Seven

shifted to make room for her. Alyears ago they had not waited in

ready people were beginning to separate cars.

glance surreptitiously at her. Let She was acutely conscious of his

them; she was proud of what they HE WAS NOT LAUGHING NOW. presence, but sat dumbly wondershould see. She felt chic, from the HISPENTUPFACE TOLDHURT PLAINLYOF SEVENTHE ing what there could be left in thistoes of her slippers to the veil that YEARS. world for them to talk about—only

draped her hat and fell to the back the weather!

beautiful day.""It's a curls.over copper deep is abteacher kindergarten "Our the affirmed; and he "Yes,"pulpit the stood Brother Behind your old sent. you like Would exhausted. subject was job weather teacholdDick, School her Sunday

for a day?"back fine, she? doesn't looks "Mildreder. smiled; smiled nodhe She and

ded in recognition. She felt a warm Panic seized her. She had hardly Where do she and Bert live?"

glow, a feeling of belonging again. seen a child for seven years; what "They are buying the old Larson

She saw few others she recogcould she tell them? place, just below your father's. Milwell. She worksnized. The woman two rows ahead "Oh—I'd rather not."dred has not been

looked vaguely familiar. She held a "You were a pretty good teacher too hard."Again his tone was a

baby, and beside her sat a curlyonce,"he reminded. reprimand.

course?"of married, The "You're little boy. head woman'sheaded The I—honestly, but "Thanks, conversation. merely question was It slightly. Mildred was to Mildred, and smiled, turned He he married.... course he was Of Wheeler. MildredturnedVance—now rose, words. She a few spoke said.... and had married beBert beenShe and had another, carrying child, leading one I guess his head. "No. shook left. He her fore appraised Vaudis She him. followed she pedestal the I've kept on you always interest.old friend coat with The

she was wearing, with its loose dark Shame filled Vaudis. She could I built for you in high school. Even

fur, reminded Vaudis of the coats help Mildred. She started to rise. after the things you said before you

she too had always bought with Before her stood Carl Vance; in his left, I kept believing in you. I felt

of scorn. For I eyes was something see back. sure come would you potatopickingher money—when second her a fleeting own eyes all."His really them meant you now a long way. a few dollars had to go

Vaudis shook herself mentally. Had dropped, then, "Oh, hello, Carl,"frankness was not new to her, but

she become a snob? Mildred's coat she managed. this bitterness was. His tone told

was all right. She looked fine. "Her "Hello,"he answered, "I heard plainly the pentup hurt of seven

turban is certainly wound with a you were back. We are honored to years. "Today you couldn't even

nack. I'll have to get her to show have you here."The tone of his condescend to take care of a dozen

me how she does it."voice stung. children for half an hour. Your

When the classes had separated time, I suppose, is too important for trifles. I suppose we are just to and the smaller groups gone to their W*HEN the meeting such

rooms in the basement, Brother was over she retreated to her small feast our eyes on the sight of you."

Dick came back and shook her hand. green coupe outside the chapel to Vaudis did not have red hair for

opened her largest suitcase and zippered dress, the green deep '. found

the By—before turned in the back. She

mirror and was pleased. MARY

r\ t Jerry's every LYON room was lighted. Coats were piled

CROFTS highlay inonthethebackbeds,bedrooms.sleeping Everybabies

where was noise and happy confusion. All the sheet music in town had

nothing. Her temper, too, flamed at been assembled; instruments blared

times, and her eyes flashed. with varying degrees of proficiency.

"You had no right to suppose Vaudis found herself at the piano,

I It'sthat back! not would come my alacrity.and she Carlhammeredstood behindthe keysher withwith

iffault the best you've spent years of your life dreaming of a girl you his clarinet. She did not know the

only imagined."two men playing saxophones. Someone had even brought a set of drums!

turned her head She and away like a Across the room sat a girl Vaudis acting ashamed.was She was

before. seen never She was girl. toschool her had laugh at used He

plain sort pretty in a of way. Hertantrums. laughing not now. was He black, andFrom the corner of her eye, she hair was dark—almost

could see his face, scarlet beneath her eyes followed Carl.

its weathered brown. He bent forSusan Davenport was her name,

ward and turned the keys. The moHelen had said. And she lived with

tor began to hum, and without a her father down near the river. Laglance he backed away. ter, Vaudis discovered the girl had

Tears of rage stung her eyes. a beautiful soprano voice but was

too shy to sing without a great deal him, rage atRage at Why persuasion.hadn't married? he he of Whyherself.was

here now to disturb her, to disrupt Later she tried not to see Carl her complacency? and Susan sitting together with their

huge dishes of ice cream. She had

hoped to be sitting there beside Carl

JTor two weeks the eating ice cream.

ideal. harweatherautumn was The girl at quietly laughed someThe

full investing swing. Every was HEAD TURNED HER SHE AWAY said. thing turned Carl Vaudis had

left the fathermorning Vaudis* ASHAMED. SHE AND WAS the to piano, playWAS back began and GIRL. LIKE ACTING A SCHOOL pull for to topearly the beetshouse

softly. ing over Mildred came andping crew, she every morning and sat her. the beside on bench

rose to breakfast parents. her with in the rack Helen were and yard. He "Will you come to supper tomor- "It's in fun,"said the dim she kitchen. in talking the excitedly row, Vaud?"light of in gloried dawn, they and sis.""It's informed a party, Ed

her interest of their daily tasks. She her. "We've not had one since har- "Why, of course, I'd love to."

washed the cream separator and the vesting began, but everyone is nearVaudis turned to look at her old dishes; she scrubbed floors and ly through now and the crowd is getfriend.

helped her mother. ting together at Jerry's. Will you "I meant to ask you before, but

Thus she spent the days of her come?"I guess I'm just too lazy."Mildred

visit. Once she went to a movie. But Vaudis'face lighted eagerly. smiled. She looked tired.

mostly she avoided public places "Could I? But perhaps I'd better "I'll come if you won't go to a lot

and her old friends. Perhaps they not."of fuss and bother."Vaudis amendall shared Carl's opinion of her. "Of course she'll come,"from ed her acceptance.

She could almost feel the whisperHelen. "Jerry told us to bring her!""I won't, just oldfashioned supings, "—Carl Vance's old girl. Helen turned to Vaudis. "All the per."

thoughtEveryone once they would "Thanks, will I'd like to come early old a lot crowd be there—and married. She'sbe not spoken help."an and ones. half of Everyone new who plays

a dozen words to him since she instrument will bring it. Ed takes Mildred squeezed her arm.

came back."It was an ordeal now his trombone. I even file away on "You're just as sweet as you always

to go to Sunday School, and she the fiddle some."were. I don't believe you've changed

counted the days until she would Vaudis smiled. They were still a bit."

be away again. kids. When had she been so excited Vaudis'fingers rippled the keys

Thursday, Friday, Saturday about a party? Yet she admitted the of the piano. The melody was

Sunday she would leave. She had prospect was interesting. She might Memories. Someone began to sing,

repacked the clothes she would not see Carl again. Maybe they could others joined in. Vaudis sang too,

be needing again. She oiled her talk. All the old friends she had and from across the room she could

typewriter and typed half a dozen hoped to see would be there, too. hear Carl's clear rich tenor. Then

"sugarless"recipes for her mother's She would show them that she was she drifted into an old favorite of recipe file. Then she walked over not "highhat."his, Apple Blossom Time. Presently

to her brother Ed's place. She brushed her hair briskly, up she realized they two were singing

Ed's team was hitched to the beet at the sides, the curls glistening. She (Continued on page 52)

SAM BRANNAN W PART IV ica if needs be to lay his problems ing it the sole property of the before Brigham Young. Twelve, and subject to that Council's

NewmentHope,so auspiciouslythe Mormon begun,settleApril,He arrivedand foundat NewthereHopehisearlyworstin niause arrival.and disposalTactfullyuponhetheirwentCaliforabout

had dismally failed. The fears confirmed. William Stout had healing the wounds which jealousy,

problem posed itself hopelessly beusurped the first completed farm and petty strife, and loneliness had infore Samuel Brannan. If twenty dwelling, and ousted the brethren. flicted upon the hearts of the brethren

brethren, as pioneers and charter In return, the brethren were staging of New Hope. He reminded them of

members of a commonwealth, could a sitdown strike in protest against their duties under the covenant, and not submerge petty differences and such highhanded tactics of their upon disclosure of the fact he was labor with a will, how could they ever presiding elder. on his way to meet President Young

hope to create a city of the Saints "Now, boys,"Stout had declared and the vanguard, to pilot the Saints on the west coast of North America? ( according to the San Jose Pioneer ) over the high Sierras to New Hope,

Throughout that long winter of "we have got through putting in our they willingly turned back to their 1 84647, Brannan had watched with crop, and have got it fenced in. Now, labors in anticipation of that great

alarm the steady disintegration of go to work, each of you. Select a day.

the project in Yerba Buena. Exgood farm of 1 60 acres, and make out

communications had failed to steady your boundaries.... By the time HPhis task accomplished, Samuel

the hands of the faithful ones, and the crop is ready to harvest, you will rode northward to Sutter's Fort.

had brought only distrust and sullen have your own houses and farms. When he arrived, it was to find the

rebellion. Conscious this of place, But I select his blunder,

Samuel frantically 2 and this house. finalplace rescueagog withof theexcitementdying survivorsover the written mine."farm is had PresiThis

dent Young for counsel. Never an It is rumored that Samuel Branof the illfated Donner party. Those

eastbound whaler or hideladen mernan personally and characteristicpathetic, skeletonlike figures his chantman departed San Francisco ally settled the issue with a welleyes now beheld gnawed his heart

Bay without a letter to the leader of placed toe of his boot. And hencewith pity. A year ago these peopleIsrael. In return, only silence had forth William Stout was lost to the had been healthy Americans—filled

greeted Samuel's efforts. Would Church. with hopeful prospects of their new

the in California. eastern homesto-be the Half Saints arrive? Where Restoration of at harmony New party in thewas Donner Brigham had perished Young? matter. simple no Hope was The Sierra's snow. Samuel was aware that both apathetic projthe were toward he men

and his California Saints had failed. ect, and spiritually lukewarm. They

theirTrue, HOUSE, FRANCISCO, industry SAN 1846, THE citizens as their isolation had were weary from in CUSTOM"OLD ADOBE"OF WHICH A HOUSED NUMBERbrought new life and a new name PILGRIMS MORMON FROM THE "BROOKLYN."for the wilderness, homesick and

Courtesy, California State Library.to Yerba Buena. hillclinging, But

fogridden San Francisco ( the name now chosen to identify the town with the great bay against which it lay) would never do for the center stake of Latterday Zion, especially with most the ranks of Israel composed of landloving, soilnurtured husbandmen. New Hope had been

the glowing1 answer. New Hope had

failed.

When Samuel Brannan readied the launch Comet for the upriver trip to the colony, he prepared for a longer journey as well. Aboard were

saddle horses and pack mules. Included in the stores were sixteen issues of the California Star. He

planned, after unsnarling New Hope's tangle, to cross North Ameramuel Brannan, until his meeting still with at families, their the Brigham were who somehad Brannan Samuel And inYoung Salt Lake Valley, to seemed persist the in belief injusttoo, that bay. they sensed Then, President Young interest would lead the personal thing a than Church more

to the Pacific coast. His public utterances his and in fact ice that the enBrannan was all for survivors, in letters might are the Donner most emphatic in bearing this out conviction. In letter a to President Young joying Francisco's {Journal comforts History. and San it for not perished been had have Jan. 12, states he 1846). regarding a deceptive move in luxuriesat labored while they the time sweat of the Brooklyn's clearance Francisco of generosity and the San from NewYork harbor: "I declare all to that are you not going solitude, the of with hazards and efforts their in beenergetic his to California, own but Oregon, that and information my

is official."Another letter first beasts savages. wild (fpurnal and History. Ian. The as half. early come January had As 26, 1846), he declares: shall "I select suitthe most farm, of source proved a which hadable spot the on the desof of Francisco to reports Bay Francisco San for San location the

of a commercial city."also letter See 1. of 1847. Jan. contention, lifted so Brannan much plight of the Donners. perate Onwhere he renders timely some advice to prospective

California colonizers. President Young's silence own from their covetous circle by declarJanuary 16, 1847, Brannan had pubregarding the matter of proceeding is to the coast

ample proof that Brannan was in error. 2San Jose Pioneer. June 23. I8T7 lished in his California Star:

ttuL MORMONS ivl fccuihj QaUfafwbcL

By PAUL BAILEY They made the fortymile crossing of Truckee Pass in the astonishing—overtime theof onesamedaysnowsand twothat hoursonly

that year had trapped the Donners.

emigrants, and were instrumental in Of his amazing journey in search of saving the greater number of those the Saints, Samuel Brannan tells us:

yet alive. anifoot traveled our drove and on We Sutter's, at could Samuel Now, to the us, before from twenty snow look that tragedy's gaunt upon arrived feet deep. hundred surmalsone we When

vivors with more than ordinary conthough, not one of us could stand on our cern. To his, and his brethren's, feet. The people of California told us we

unselfish acts, many of these pitiful could not cross under two months, there the than being had mountains more on snow lives. their creatures very owed before; but ever knows been God known

April, a yet But and it was the greater best, to prepare kind enough and was task lay us. 4 him. precious before before way No

time must be wasted at Sutter's.

Through fortunate circumstances He mentions their passing the he'd struck up an acquaintance with shacks and cabins of the Donner a lean and active young man by the party, 5 and "the heartrending picname of Charles Smith. Charles tures"of the unburied dead. On

once had lived in Nauvoo, and had the trail, shortly before arrival at joined the Church. More important, this scene of horror, the three young

he was an experienced plains scout. men encountered the last member of

Charles knew every treacherous the party to leave the mountains mile of the journey. The two men a German9 by the name of Lewis

SAM BRANNAN now proceeded to lay plans for a Keseberg. Survivors at Sutter's

thievery, his subsistence on human crossingras—beforeof the winterbound Sierhad told awful tales of Keseberg's thaw—and by a daring of the his alleged murders flesh, and frontal attack.

Snowfall in the California Sierra Donner women and children. ResNevadas reaches incredible depths. cue parties bluntly had refused him

EMIGRANTS ON THE MOUNTAINS The Donner affair offered ample help and had abandoned him to

It is probably not generally known to the credence to a Sierran winter's deadsearch his own way out of the mounpeople that there is now in the California ly peril. It would be early summer tains.

in situation, distressing mountains, a most those before steep canyons be would trio States, a party of emigrants from the United of adventureastbound The fit free of mountain winter and prevented crossing the were from who but Keseberg, to ers shared food with fall early, negotiated mountains with be heavy of snow. degree an by any assistance to render unable him of were

. Sutter, ascertained.. Capt. as as he soon safety. for disregard With reckless the trail. backtrack a by down their situation, five sent loaded with mules factor, every calamitous Samuel into for provisions them, the crawled Keseberg Eventually but they found

Charles Smith Brannan and made in mountains impassable of the consequence pitiable abject Sutter's and Fort—as to cross the citizens mountains will that hope our do ready snow. We witcould creature as eyes early a man's

for the relief something these of unfortunate If April. frosts proved right—ifin it is fair to his ness. sake only For people.3 fortune favored could them—they alleged crimes those acknowledge

Most of "the citizens"of San cross over the snow. If the frostwere never legally proved. But in

Francisco at that time were Lattercrust failed them, their fate would California he lived a rejected outcast day Saints. With characteristic be as tragic as the Donner's. to the day of his death. It is strange

benevolence, they, with the Spanish Another young man, whom histhat of all people, only Samuel Branfamilies and the military garrison, tory has left unnamed, joined the two nan ever reached out a hand in mercy had responded nobly to Brannan's adventurers. And on April 26, 1847, to this illstarred soul. Years later,

plea. A mass meeting had followed. against the sober advice of Captain when Brannan hadbecome wealthy,

Fifteen hundred dollars was subSutter and experienced mountainhe established a brandy distillery at scribed. On February 13, 1847, a eers, the three men swung through Calistoga. Lewis Keseberg was an

rescue party of twenty men departed the big gates of the fort and headed expert distiller; so, ignoring the unSan Francisco with desperately toward the east. Their outfit conwholesome aura which even then

needed provisions and clothing for sisted of eleven head of horses and haunted the man's presence, and recthe snowbound Donners. After sevmules, provisions, emergency equip- (Continued on page 38)

eral futile attempts they eventually ment, and the precious sixteen issues *Journal History. April 26. 1847

succeeded in reaching the stranded of the California Star, which Bran6lbid.

4, p. 65. For

California Star, Jan. 16, 1847, McGlashan. His Keseberg, nan intended for the eyes of Brigidentification"Jenson, Historicalof the Record."German"IX, asNo.Lewis tory of the Donnet Patty ham Young. see McGlashan, History of the Donner Party.

A SuJbAtittito.

FOR GAS

By OLIVE W. BURT

O'Leary maneuveredM,ichaelSuki into the driveway of

Audrey's yard and honked three "I'VE BEEN TAKING times. He didn't expect Audrey to DOWN ALL YOUR

come out; this was just his signal for IDEAS, KIDS..."

her to put the finishing touches on her prettying up. He unwound his

long legs from beneath the wheel, WHIT climbed over the door and leaped to the ground. Then, before he went

up the walk he turned and patted the fender gently.

"Good girl!"he muttered. grinned. "You're not flunking your rey noticed, he handled the old car

to gently. carefully so have you turned give up some very He his a diclasses Suki was model T Ford,

I life, of this night hope? for every aside rock he Audrey and bump; lapidated disreputable looking and

affair, but he loved her. Only a few couldn't stand that, I'm afraid. I turned corners as if the street were

often ice. covered with wonder how you kids keep Audrey couldn't of fellows their the cars, had own

it up."tonight. understand Mike this particularand a gave them

prestige in the gang. Those who But before Mike could explain, On the corner they picked up the

had to depend on their father's genAudrey came dancing down the rest of the gang that generally rode erosity never knew when or where stairs, her yellow curls flying from with them, and conversation in the they could go. But Mike and his felbeneath a bright red bow. old buggy improved. But the slow

low car owners could always fill up "Ready, Mike!"she called, and careful driving continued. It

their buggies and step out of an pecked her father's cheek, and took them ages to get to the Old evening. dashed to the door. Barn.

Could until now, Mike thought "Where you off to tonight?"Mr. There was a hectic quality about

ruefully. He wondered how he Hansen asked, as Mike rose slowly that evening that Audrey couldn't

could break the news to Audrey. to follow Audrey. explain. Some of the boys were

Mrs. Hansen answered his ring "Oh, just out to the Old Barn glum, but others seemed their usual

and invited him into the living room. for a dance session,"explained gay selves. Sam, the proprietor of

felt very much a man of the place, was one of the gloomy"Audrey'll be down in a moment,"Mike. He

she said, excusing herself. the world talking to Audrey's faones. He came to their booth, a

Mike looked about the comfortther this way. mournful smile on his face.

able room. He had spent a good deal They climbed into Suki, and "Guess I'll be going bankrupt,"

of time there, waiting for Audrey, Mike backed slowly out of the drivehe said, looking down at Mike. way. hadn'tbut he thought about much "Yeah?"without answered Mike "I asked the us to meet crowd on it before. Tonight himself he found enthusiasm. get a "Well, you can the corner exSampson's,"by hewondering about Audrey's home. plant."job at the arms plained. it like really? was wereWhat What does he mean?"Audrey "What for?""Whatever asked Audrey. like folksher really?

"It's just the the of beginning don't get go as asked. you them "Why in Mr. his Hansen with came season. lots to of ought make He usual?"couldn't She understandpaper. keeping wait- "Audrey you this felyear. the of money Most look. Mike's gloomy But he merelying again?"asked, at he Mike's and jobs, least. part time at lows have his shook mournfully, head "Savessour look he laughed. "You'll get think I should he'd happy!"be said. time,"he to it in said. time,"used he

"It's not that,"Mike explained Mike looked at her sadly. "Don't

sorrowfully. "It's just that I've got IVliKE drove very slowly. you read the papers, kid?"he asked.

bad news for Audrey, so I don't Suki had never been able to go Audrey bobbed her yellow curls care whether she hurries tonight or really fast, but the way Mike usualup and down.

not."ly drove you got the impression it "Uhhuh!"she said brightly, "the

"Bad news!"Mr. Hansen was going fast. But tonight, Audfunnies."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

Mike looked at her. She was surely

pretty with her big blue eyes and her skin as pink and white as a doll's. What

did it matter if she didn't read the papers. He could tell her what was in

them. "You haven't heard about gas rationing?"he asked.

"Oh, yeah! That!"Audrey dismissed

it with a shrug. "That's back east. It

doesn't matter to us."

"Sez you!"Mike sounded really bitter

and Audrey looked at him curiously. "I wouldn't feel right, kid,"he ex- "We can streamline that idea and

"It's here, too,"he went on. "I don't plained glumly, "even if I could get gas, have garage dances,"Mike laughed.

fight, I'd car. in driving the a just come had be and Helene Joe, who Why, get gas I can even whether anyknow

if merriment. in circle, the myself, joined the of a into I'd been couple born I I shouldn't.for Suki. Anyway

like excitement. sort sooner. with years bubbling of I'm It seems Helene was in ridingshouldn't her just around go

"I've got to she said, "Listen, a slacker around on rubber bunch!"be riding bit offor fun rubber every when

all don't that the fellows swellest are fighting need the is when we idea! Why I'll for turn her the war.needed Guess

in for scrap."it."start going to the young folk's meeting

Audrey squeezed his arm. in the ward house? It's handy enough

"Oh, Mike! You can't! What'll we the there, like feel to ride don't and "I'm that, Mike,"so have glad you we

all winter?"do fun, lots of swell!""I she think that you're whispered. kids they have go say

Just then Carol and Jim, Lucy and After all, Mike thought, that was all dances and programs and socials."

Fred came by and stopped. that mattered. "Mutual!"laughed Audrey. "Yes,

"Who's dead?"Lucy asked, noting it is fun, really. Why don't you?"

objected belong!"their don't Jim.the faces. expression "But glum on we

the assemcrowd explained matter,"doesn't W,hen "That telling can't just us "Mike was the bled found next they evening Friday belong. you'll and come, Audrey. "Just gas.have means—we any more That the extension into radio plugged an the of surprised be many You'd how interrupted, began, but FredAudrey living carried the cord through room all not go. They're kids do know we rides; to out joy coming no more"No side to the porch, long where window exactly, in but know crowd, our we over rushing dance; tothe Barn no Old chairs scattered cushions been and had fun."they're school, at and them for nightto the Friday Centertown glider. hastily the In to supplement a said, "I've got Helene converted,basketball games; no—leaping. fireplace rigged flames were up is the chapel so and gas close—noJoe it, Fred!"cut commanded. "Oh, Mike isn't exswell,""This very Audrey needed!"

Audrey sipped her chocolate soda plained, "but it will do for a starter. The argument grew lively as they

with long, thoughtful draws. Later, when it gets colder, we can go listened to the radio, danced, or stood

"It's going to be a dull winter,"inside."around the fire, until Audrey, serving

moaned Carol. "And it's starting right "Or come over to our garage,"Mike doughnuts and cider and popcorn balls

now. Jim says we can't come out here suggested eagerly. "If I turn in Suki had a chance to say, "I've been taking

even next Friday!"for scrap and Dad stores his car we'd down all your ideas, kids, and do you

Audrey shoved back her glass with have lots of room. It's heated, too!"know we have enough suggestions to

air. determineda night us of the going every week slowly, Carol drawled got keep "We've

to take it lying not going I'm "Well, for that. time? a long But do we can't kitchen, I told an enormous and when

said, her stubborn shedown!"I first all that of use suggested some we the about of entertainment dearth little Mom

out.chin stuck these of extra evenings been we've this facing she said winter were her we

Fred. scoffed "Well no?""Oh, to the car catch up on our crowd used over to come was spending there—it it?"just to going are about do what you studies. get grades might be we'd place, Grandma's Wein you make know—and I'll of think "I don't yet, but know there's for change. a a proud of But molasses of evening. candy winter a

something."I waiting. of fun And do—lots

is shortage going the rubber They were all bad tempered, because I'vefun."never tried it, but she said it was don'tlot to think

they were sure the end of their pleasant "Yeah!"laughed Mike. "I've heard to work any hardship on us."

come.world had tell Still later, pulls, of those up, the mother broke candy crowd when my

invent a substitute she can "Maybe as called said, they Frinext them. our try deck Louise might oldWefor Fred. gas!"sneered

it, It we're bored. fun."to bunch. might day, be when the most make We"It'swant

"Well I don't know,"Audrey "Imagine!"scoffed Elsie, "pulling of these autumn evenings. It'll be soon

drawled coolly. "Maybe I can. I'll candy! I can feature it!"enough to go pioneer when the cold

tell you, though, if we can't come "It might sweeten you up a bit!"said winds blow. So I'll be expecting you

out to the Barn next Friday why don't Fred. Then he went on, "I guess I was next Friday for a hep session on the

you all come to my place? You can grumbling, too, Audrey, 'cause Dad deck."

walk, jump rope or roller skate, or even, told me how his crowd used to have a "And I'll be seeing you Tuesday at if you're plutocrats, ride a bike. But 'doughnut ring'they called it. They'd Mutual!"laughed Helene. "Do come,

we can have our regular Friday session meet at each other's houses and fry all of you, and give it a try."

there, and then maybe we can figure up doughnuts. They even made up poems They went away laughing, in little

a way to live through all the Fridays and songs about it and had a great time."groups, savoring the talk and laughter

that loom ahead."The crowd went into gales of laughof the evening as long as they could.

They danced after that, determined ter at this thought, and, in an effort Mike lingered. He slipped his arm

to make the most of this last Friday to outdo Fred's father, they rummaged through Audrey's as she stood beside night at the Old Barn. But there was through their memories for the crazy him on the porch, watching the last

an undercurrent of sadness, and the kinds of good times their own parents ones go down the street.

crowd broke up rather early, considerused to have, the quaint stories they "Smart kid,"he whispered. "You're

ing their usual habit. had been told, the amusing anecdotes sweet!"Then after a moment, "I don't

On the way home Mike tried to of quilting bees and corn huskings and know but what I'm glad we can't get justify himself. barn dances. gas."

UNITED ORDERS IN UTAH Part II By WILLIAM R. PALMER

united orders of Utah days Formerly President o[ entirely founded uponThewere Parowan Stake principles different the from consecration and inheritance plan of Kirtland, or stewardship in Jackson County, Missouri. The Utah

plan was much more collective in its operations, and the town units, quite generally, were incorporated under the territorial corporation law.

Whereas the inheritance and stewardship organizations were founded upon the basic idea of individual effort and initiative, the Utah order plan was to be a system under which many people joined to make common cause against poverty and Z.C.M.I., PARENT OF

want. Specifically it was conceived THESPONSOREDEARLY COOPERACHURCH-

and promoted to mitigate and overTIVE STORES come the stringent economic conditions incident to the national depression which followed the Jim Fiske products of southern Utah were the of Apostle Lorenzo Snow, had panic of the early 1870's. Nevada mining camps. But these, as worked out some very successful exThe preamble to the order conthe people found out to their cost, periments in cooperation at Brigham

familstitution strangely so sounds small City. numerous and unsafe. uncertain and both proved A store

itiar that taken might been have there established industries been had there with reached peddler a When the only a offrom few newspapers opersuccessfully being and were cheese, grain, eggs, and of his load the 1 of 930's ago.years The papers this genius of the guiding ated at under the pretty poultry much he was

of flooded conaccounts withwere example man. wise The stimulating unscrupulous of of a ring mercy

ditions similar to the those which being their achievements was of price the to take dealers. had He livedpioneers through, with and the throughout heralded Mormon often one offered, which they was

proposed measures not so constructhird or one half of the amount he settlements.

tively unselfishly proconceived or alternative receive. to expected The Zion's Cooperative 1869, In Mercevils theirs, as to correct themoted his home. to bring load back was orInstitution antile was (ZCMI) times. theof tried to in while a a man Once sort in Salt a City to be ganized Lake reads: preamble The this from peddling racket beat by stores cooperative to the parent of the struggle learned of have Whereas we to brought plan which door to sponthe proposed Church which door—a in capital labor, resultingbetween and

ill prices the but earned him good allstrikes their in the the of towns. consewith These sor workmen Mormon

quent distress, and also the oppression of will of the dealers, who considered stores, which sprang up rapidly far the and, monopolies, moneyed their "horning in"on that he was serwide, rendered enormous and is there Whereas, a growing distrust and started the peddler So when prices in stabilizing vice to the peoplefaithlessness in the political and field. among men

business affairs of life, as well as a spirit home, somewhere along the lonely at reasonable levels and in supplyof extravagant speculation and overreachroad, he turned a corner in the thick ing the kinds of goods that were credit the legitimate of theing sysbounds looking himself cedars found and of Brigthe pattern needed. most On financial resulting intem, panics bankand of gun. barrel the a Under down also stores the mothered City ham industry, therebyruptcy, and paralyzing

it circumstances such more was little grist industries as such necessities the of many conveniandmaking many encies of life precarious and uncertain, and, healthful to turn over the money he mills, saw mills, shingle mills, tanWhereas, our past experience has proven had received from his sales than to neries, shoe shops. Great things

friends tothat the must be we of God it. befight for the through being achieved were of other friends the each helpers andcome thieves Cattle along the UtahNe- of dribbles of little... concentrationin brotherhood. of a bond common

vada line, too, were sapping the lifecapital in this system of cooperaPresident Brigham Young spent blood out of the livestock business tion.

in St. of 18734the winter George in Iron counties. Washington and spite the in of enrichment Yet, therein he southern Utah. While forces All the nature and of man the stores cooperative brought that cerof personalgained knowledge the against to arrayed be seemed that people, Brigham saw Young tain conditions threatened which settlers in southern Utah. their half only solved the system stability possiblythe conthe and

tinued existence of some of the [URiNG that winter in St. George, problem. He realized the value of

southern settlements. The people President Young gave much time and energy as community and

had suffered so much from the panthought to these problems and he individual assets, and he sought for ic and from flood, frost, drouth, and proposed the system which he called ways and means to consolidate and insect pests that many had endured the United Order. On his way north put to work this form of capital,

about all they could and were ready in the spring of 1874, he organized which, because of hard times, was to throw up their hands and move the system in all the settlements lying dormant all through the terriaway. through which he passed. tory.

The only cash markets for the The Church, under the leadership There were not many necessities

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

in those days which could not be foundation of the system principles available for men, women, and chilsupplied by the simple process of apthat would work against and counter dren, and, out of respect for their plying labor to the land and to other any thought of holding all things in dead, to fence and beautify their raw resources at hand. The United common or sharing all things alike. cemeteries.

the plan BrighamOrder was existed differences Young Two essential to order provided The a way idle to set laborevolved to work united orders in between among the the handle mining camps. western

supplying the needs of his short*- Latterday Saints and the more Brigham Young saw that in the last rationed rural communities. He saw common forms of joint stock comanalysis these camps were dependin cooperative effort also, the way panies: First, the order in Utah ent upon the Mormon settlements

to overcome the widespread dolrecognized and made "labor and for hay, grain, butter, eggs, lumber, which the discourageddrums into chattels, capital as energy"much as things. other agent and many Anpeople it had settled. lands. or Second, money all to busiappointed handle aimed was

Now what was the Utah pattern to secure equality of opportunity ness with the mining camps. After

of the United Order and how did it for its members, to give them social that, their agents had to come differ from the previous united orequality and a means for the ento Utah and contract for what proders? joyment of uniformly good standduce they wanted and pay for it in

living. of ards There freighters then was no advance; Mormon earlier to those In attempts estabpossessions, equality thought of of deliveries. the twoedged made Thelish first plans welfare a member left this as individual to matter was the sword which had been camps his to propertyturned over the initiative resourcefulness. and to cut the other using was made way thenChurch; he received back some

piece or kind of property which he and the miners were glad to come owned or which he operated as his A discouraged man shuts his eyes to Utah and pay from four to six own thereafter. He managed this and fails usually to see either cents a pound for grain that they

property in his own way and accordthe cause of his troubles or the ophad previously extorted from the ing to his own ideas. portunities that lie still within his peddlers at two cents.

did reach. Young's Order Brigham to the orders While were open this principle In the orders Utah in plain vision little out lay than more all the in of the members Church their followed. not pooledwas Men the practical things peosimple, the standing, the good system not was inresources, labor parenergy and labor their united ple with could own to intended Churchwide. be Eachticular, joint in stock companies. The disin time that of for themselves do order separate independwas and inequities which members owned tress. all ent of just others the the as coop projectthe represented were by for improve- "points eighteen In stores were. Entrance voluntary was in capital of stockshares corthe practice to econtold them ment"he this in and matter urging or noporation. share given one Each was in forsake their expenhomes, omy coercion desired or exercised. was in the officers electionvote of and of the sive fashion, use exchange all his "consecrate"must member Ain policies formulating the the of service obtain to wider machinery it time talents to the order, and butcompany. to breed of had, they out up what optional all in was whether he put

Within the circle of membership and improve the quality of their or any part of his property. He

these shares of stock could be bought livestock and sell off all scrubs, to could pay for his stock either with and sold like stock in any other corcultivate and patronize home manuwork or with money or property at poration. They could not, however, facture, to cultivate good music, its appraised valuation.

be transferred to an outsider until singing, drama, dancing, architec- (To be concluded)he qualified and was accepted into ture, to get all foreignborn converts membership in the society. naturalized and teach them the BUILDING HOUSING "BOOT, SHOE, HARNESS,

HAT DEPARTMENTS"AND FACAND "BRUSH citizenship, ideals of to clasgood these orcorporate united While TORY,"OF ONE THE COOPERATIVE ENTERthat sify all so be work jobs would CITY PRISES AT BRIGHAM LORFOUNDED BYders vigoroussponsored were and ENZO SNOW. IS SEEN HE STANDING AT THE

courtesy Photograph,ly LeRoi C. Snow. the encouraged RIGHT. they by Church EXTREME

were not Church organizations any more than coop stores were. They

had power to nominate and elect their own officers and to transact their own business. Because the

Church leaders had given the plan, and in all their talks were putting much emphasis on it, it was but natural that the orders would seek

Church guidance in all their affairs, but they had the constitutional power within themselves to proceed independent of the Church.

Dividends when declared could be drawn out in the commodities of the company or converted into additional shares of capital stock. Dividends were declared on the issued

capital stock, and the men who held the most stock inevitably got the most of the earnings of the society.

Thus there were built into the very w&xoSSSw&'w (Reed. Smaot

AND THE BIG HORN By HARRIET P. JOHNSON

the year 1 903, an early morning in family prayer. Senator Clark was

INsun shone down on the square particularly impressed with the fiveacre plots of the newly built words spoken, for it revealed to him town of Byron, Wyoming. As yet the Mormon attitude toward the

but a single pair of deep wagon ruts government of the nation.

cut through the center of the wide Seeds were sown that morning expanse of street. The sidewalks that bore fruit effectively a year or

were but single footpaths separated so later in the capital of the nation.

from the street by narrow irrigation Reed Smoot had been elected Senaditches. Clear, sparkling mountain tor by the people of Utah. From

water rippled between the grass- 1 904 until 1 906 there was bitter conladen banks fragrant with speartroversy as to whether he should be mint and brilliant with the waxen denied a right to a seat in the senate.

buttercup. Beyond the footpaths Among the many arguments against

vegetable gardens were fenced with him by misinformed men was the barbed wire, taut as violin strings, one that the Mormons were not loydew-laden and silvery in the early al, patriotic Americans. Senator

sunbeams, and stapled to cedar William A. Clark was a member of

posts still shaggy and brown and a committee of investigation; to his

pungent with their peculiarly clean coworkers he stated he knew that odor. At each corner of the block, this could not be true, for the most

cabins made of native logs, the morfervent prayer he had ever heard in tar still gleaming cleanly white, LEONA BEA, A HEALTHY FIVE YEARS behalf of the government of the squatted possessively on their acreUnited States and the welfare of this and-a-quarter lots. Slender willow nation he had heard in a little Morsaplings set in trim rows were as singing. Sometimes there was an mon home in the little town of Byron,

yet but the brave promise of the organ accompaniment, but invariWyoming.

stately poplar driveways of the fuably there was singing. Thus the life of Elder Reed Smoot

ture. Finally the Senator asked, "Tell and the reputation of the Church

Ignoring the invitation of the me, Mr. Sessions, why this singing? were unwittingly influenced by the

"sidewalks,"three men walked It seems to be hymns, yet this is not lives of the righteous Saints of the abreast down through the center of Sunday. Is it a family service?"Big Horn, and in return, blessings

the street—down the wagon road. "Yes, it may be called a family were to be theirs down to the third

It was plain that two were strangservice,"President Sessions replied. generation....

ers, and their curious searching "Our religion is of all importance to glances were somewhat astonished us, and we older ones are anxious "Dy the summer of 1936, the Morand impressed. that our children will also partake mon colony had prospered and

"And all this has been accomof the blessings that accompany the grown in numbers to about 3,600 plished in two years, Mr. Sessions?"living of our religion. Brother Saints who'were organized into Big

Senator William A. Clark of MonWoodruff promised us that if every Horn Stake, with six wards and nine

tana was speaking. morning we would as a family sing branches, scattered for two hundred

"Yes, it's little more than two one of the songs of Zion and kneel miles north and south through the years since our caravan of wagons together in family prayer, no matBig Horn river basin. Following

reached here from Utah. We came ter how our children should stray the admonition of their Church leadat the counsel of Abraham O. from the Church they would in the ers had always worked to their good,

Woodruff, one of the authorities of end die in faith. We are trying to spiritually and temporally, so that a

our Church."follow his advice,"and smiling, he visit from one of the general authori-

"Your work here is an excellent waved his arm to include the village. ties was heralded by great exciteexample of engineering. I've heard Byron Sessions'distinguished ment and keenly anticipated. It wasmuch of your planned cities—their guests were prepared later to parannounced that Elder Reed Smoot

provision for future growth and orticipate in this family custom with would be in attendance at quarterly der. Your canals and knowledge of the Sessions family. They were conference. Because of his busy life

engineering are of great interest to given a hymn book and tried to folin Church and national affairs, it the members of my profession."So low the mellow voices of the daughwas his first visit to that country

stated the tallest member of the trio. ters of the house. They knelt bewhich had so casually touched his

As they approached each cabin, fore their chairs that surrounded own career. So large a crowd was

the strangers became more curious; the breakfast table and listened reexpected that it was held in what has

they strained to catch the sound of spectfully to Brother Sessions lead (Continued on page 36)

TUBTODAY IS MINE TO "UNCLE"CHARLIE PLEASE, GOD

By Daisy Constant Dcexel SEEGMILLER By Margaret Jansson Day

I"must not wait to say the kindly word, By Olive W. Burt '"Pwo little, moist little hands, dear Lord,

-* To ease a human heart so filled with pain, doubt within that memory, mirror * Are clasped in prayer tonight,I must speak now if I am to be heard; NObright, Two little starlit, windoweyes

I to live again. cannot hope today tight. shuttered up quite past still lives for you: the childhood Are The

I the years must live now, are much too little rosebud One mouth is saying words days fleet, grace; of good Swiss mother shaped to humble The

I must find values where they truly lie, the And loveliest light in the whole wide ways;

Not in the wake of man's misguided feet, The youth that walked with hardship as its world

Rather in peace of earth and sun and sky. right; Is mirrored in her face

I must take time to say the little things, The wife that shared the struggles; the deLike "I love you,""That is a lovely dress"; light "Keep my soldier Daddy safe,

I know the pleasure that attention brings, Of growing children, worthy of man's Bring him home again

The word bouquets that linger and caress. praise; That's all my Mommie and I could ask,

Please do it God.... Amen."red Dixie wrested from proud farm The little to time, say,So so do and much

is not hour, mine.I must waste today an

the to thwart shining love A daughter'sclays;

night BLUE PARABLE Yes, they all'live for you, who reverently By Lucille Hatch took Kathrine Williams H. By blessings, gifts as not God's as wages is than more Blue earned; the least search color. us Just a scriptures—at folk eager with younger And now come Furnishing variety thing!HE badea twicetold

lifeFor he had read it to us from the Master's To learnlook from you the lessons you have InIt cradlesnature'sthewayplayful,of counseling. learned—clouds. Father,"chided the"But with Danny, one listener Tumbling fun the. quiet through your And It lulls wilful sailboats ways, vsmall hears bright days. Bible night,"I read every yet On no word my years. of a hundred muted The wisdom Its it folds chiffon of filmy stays."of

And what our father answered has kept Laugh with girls the years us through the belovedReading Book in happiness or REVELATION AtIn thetheirdeepnessfirst prom.of

tears.

Said he: "A wise man's son replied that By Irene Lois Cowan Forget-menotsIs held fast

very selfsame way THOUSAND winged lights tonight Bonds of everlasting time his father bade him read scriptureThe joy, Friendship. to Make known me Thy A It holds the glory day, every leaves green proclaim And manifold

To which this father left the room nor anThy untold majesty Of a nation in its folds swered anything; In silver speech with ageless winds Of luminous stars.

overheadReturning From boundlessness. with a little basket, 'Take it to That wear Thy

It once the spring, looked down fresh, the sweetsmelling earth And in

My son,'he said, 'and fetch me back a cool I find Thine ancient strength. On sorrow

clear draught.'Yet more than these, my inmost soul, A world hanging

Somehow escaped of bounds, Truth upon a cross.

Forth and back the boy kept going till Lifts arms of utmost confidence, suddenly he laughed: And walks the sea of doubts.

'It goes right through, it never stays, not LIGHT WORDS one drop can be seen.'

his'No,'father answered,"'but the basket's By Anne Pendleton clean.'nice and

lightly jest, with heedless words WEThat never should be spoken;

HIS MESSAGE And do not know how words can bruise,

Nor wounded hearts be broken....

By Mabel L. Atkinson

looked into eyes our andT Je we saw a SLANDER -* of * messenger directly talked God. He

to us and we listened intently. This was By Ann Evans

his message:

Always be on time. T slandered a name. It was that of a friend

Do as you say. Be dependable. *—the name of a friend, which should

When you sing "We Thank Thee, O have been more than sacred to me! My soul

God, for a Prophet,"mean it. grovels in the ashes of shame and remorse.

When you lift up your hands to sustain No matter where I turn, there is no relief

Church leaders, be willing to do all they from my accusing conscience. I have asked

ask of you. God's mercy and forgiveness. His face is

You can do, or be, anything you wish if hidden from me. I have cried aloud for

you try hard enough and keep on trying. grace. The heavens are closed.

In other words, be persistent. The friend will never know of my perfidy.

He said "Amen,"and we, timid twin girls But my heart accuses me every hour, every over eight years of age, said "Amen"as moment.

fervently as he. Time will dull the memory in my finite

He was Apostle Heber J. Grant, and was mind, but the words have been blown into

one of the speakers at the Hyrum Stake infinity. Sometime, somewhere, they will

Conference, held in the Tabernacle at Wellsbe torn out of space to mock me. That

ville, Utah. will be my purgatory.

RECREATION IN THE HOME THE BIOLOGICAL ACTION OF A NEW EARTH AND A NEW(AuxiliarymMBOtMMKMorganizations of the Church of THE VITAMINS HUMANITY

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, Salt Lake (E. A. Evans, Jr., Editor. The University (Oliver L. Reiser. Creative Age Press.

City. 1942. 138 pages. Paper, $0.25.) of Chicago Press. 1942. $3.00.) 258 pages. $2.00.)

of here philosophyIN ofan theuncommonChurchjointhaveeffort,heretheproducedauxiliariesa Thisca'sis a foremostsymposiumstudentsby fourteenof ofvitamins.Ameri- **A presentscapable hisprofessorsolution of today's probin Since "the their genof nutimely the advances booklet, most striking outgrowth lems. "in build society an ideal He would

tritional center vitafor generation the knowledgeuine about the concern day and individual which each would have the opthat is now. With Burton K. Farnsworth mins,"this becomes a book of unusual importunity to do enough of the work he likes,

of the Y. M. M. I. A. general superintendportance to all who are interested in human and is fitted to do, to make life interesting."

ency as chairman, representatives from each health. Much of the material presented is And, he adds that there must be growth in

organization formed the committee responsstartling. Certainly, the role of the vitamins this society and in every individual comible for form and content of the work, most "has become more significant than at first posing it. With that we should all agree.

of the immediate preparation being done suspected."While somewhat technical, the That this ideal condition will be produced

by W. O. Robinson, Y. M. M. I. A. field book may be read easily by the large number by "the development of a nonsupernatural-

First nutrition related of of the of teachers subjects, invitation thesecretary. and At is, scientific humanby religion"—that to "bring "vitamin our people home,"conand havePresidency become by all who to subject differences vigorous of isticism—is will, in set to for scious"the the "fun readingthey have with a done and and some opinion. the of Denial adoption and God

this subject.the the provided family"should they group be would have book make By of the gets us nowhere. AsYet-Unknown

staying at home seem attractive even to studied. It will bring the reader upto-date But, the book, though essentially an arguto inCinderella. recreation they the vitamin seek Through is filled suggestions for humanism, field.—/. A. W. mentrecreate oldfashioned certain values we it that drive into the reader withthinking—and praclost sight of and providemay have GLOBAL WAR contains worthwhile to warnings a happyirresistibleticable, whereexpedient, means golucky A. W. (Edgar Ansel RajchMarthe and Mowrer nation.—/. in in the as as well name deedby home of Strategy, Atlas with man. 70 World An center "the to the foreword, quotebecomes, charts. and William maps and Morrow

is for complete the urgewherein motivated FOOD: FOR VICTORY A WEAPON 1942. 128 pages. $1.00.) Company,

living."Little, Fowler. (Bertram Brown & Co.,

bird's of current the world twentyfive eye selling at view copies only With Boston. 1942. $1.50.) This

cents and available from all of the auxiliwide situation is made doubly valuaries as well as the Deseret Book Company, able by the brief summary of the history of AMERICA is the country toward which the it is sincerely to be wished that Recreation the salients now in the fore. The text is enslaved nations of earth are looking for

in the Home will find quick distribution unusually well written, dramatic in many victory, and also for shaping the peace after among all the members of the Church.—W. M. instances.This well illustrated atlas will do much victory.great producernationFor Americaof thehasmodernbecomeworld.the

to make the lay reader an intelligent anaIf the United States has assumed the role of

AND THERE WERE MEN swayedlyst of bythe windsdaily ofnews,propaganda.less liableM.toC. beJ. theassume"Arsenalthe ofmoreDemocracy,"important sherolemustof alsothe

(Russell Blankinship, Alfred A. Knopf, New "Pantry of Democracy,"for the nations

York. 1942. 300 pages. $3.00.) RELIGION AND THE WORLD OF whichfed, or areelse enslavedthey cannotand survive,starving letmustalonebe

their fight for take place in the freedom.

is in indicated nation our which wayTHEin tenthis absorbinglyvolume are interestingof days, chieflysketchesof TOMORROW(Walter W. Van Kirk, Willett, Clark & Co., The

the past, in the great Northwest. Little Chicago. 1942. $1.50.) may help most. After the enemy nations

been chosen have and eventsknown men the spiritrestore the wide of the to This book is really a story of the events havea possiblebeen conquered,greater foethereto willface:stillpoverty,remain time when

spaces of the Columbia Basin and the whole which have led to the world's present disease, social injustice, economic servitude.

Northwest were sparsely settled. And, the state of confusion and conflict. However, Such a combat requires an understanding

people described, curious, humorous or odithroughout the chapters, the responsibility of man's deepest needs. Our nation must

ous, are set in the frame of the unsurpassed of the church for past errors, and for future lead in this reconstruction. If it is not

natural scenery of the Northwest. The correction, is stated, restated, and pointed prepared for the task, there will follow in

author sighs for the days of old, nevertheout in some detail. While it is argued that Europe, and maybe here, a "period of utter

less looks at them with the eyes of today. a friendly understanding among the nations and uncontrollable anarchy as dark as the

All who love romance and adventure, the is necessary to restore the world to order reign of Nazism itself."- L. D. W.

history of the West or of America, are after the war is over, yet it is pointed out

establish to permanent peace on earth. menlikelybegun—/.to readA. W.this book through, once it is that the spirit of Christ alone will enable It is for readTHRIFTY COOKING FOR the day, well worth a book ing.—/. A. W. WARTIME

EVERYDAY NURSING FOR THE (Alice B. WinnSmith. Macmillan Co.,

EVERYDAY HOME HOW TO FEEL BETTER AND New York. 1942. 145 pages. $1.50.) IT LOOK title tells the attempt book what Bessie Donaldson, (Elinor E. Norlin and is—an Allen, THE (Frank T. Kimball and Abbott W. it is assist to to housewives, duty whose 1942. York. Co., MacmillanThe New Pearce. D. Duell, 280 pages. Sloan and M. to the the of food, best daily prepare make pages. $2.50.)306

$2.50.) their at build the material command, and

scientific, thoroughly useful, and instead for health Basic recipes of weakness. this authors attractive title, theTHIS reUnder

of liable given, its 306 pages devotes 154 suggestions and after book them some sane, produced and are an excellent, have to "nursing to keep well."That makes it reliable book on health. The whole field as to how they may be varied to use mateunique among books on nursing. That also of the subject is traversed plainly, briefly, rial already on hand, as well as to give a

makes it more acceptable to mothers and but effectively. No fads are present. The change in flavor and thus add zest to eating.

all who are responsible for the welfare of best knowledge and common sense behavior The trend toward thrift and variety is a family. The remainder of the book is are presented to the understanding of the stressed.

given to sound and practical suggestions for common man. The arrangement of material is unusual,

illness This comes."book"nursing where it index for the chapters alphabetically. easy to makes are arranged find any A good

foris than on nursing, a book really more fifteen dealt in the with it subject after chapters "Breakfast Ideas"comes "Cakes of Thus touches helpfully many problems of home the book. There are eighty pages of inand Cookies,"then "Desserts,"etc.

life. Parents would do well to possess the valuable illustrations with descriptions of the The book is intended to help "in planning

information offered by this volume.—/. A. W. properhealth book.—/.care of theA. body.W. This is a good the strategy on the (Concludedhome front."on L.pageD. 40)W.

VYIUJML TRACY Y. CANNON. MARVIN O. ASHTON

Chairman FRANK ASPER W. GENERAL MUSIC CHURCH COMMITTEE SPENCER CORNWALL D. PYPER.GEORGE M. J.ALFRED DURHAM First Asst. Chairman and Treasurer

Offices General HINCHCLIFF LESTER General ChurchLE ROY ROBERTSON. JONG, GERRIT DE Asst. SecondJ. Chairman Music Committee D. STERLING WHEELWRIGHTJR.

N. LORENZO MITCHELL. 50 NORTH MAIN STREET, ALEXANDERFREDA IENSENSCHREINER Secretary

BENNETT GRANT SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH FRANCESCAROL HINCKLEY, NINA HALLIDAY

Assistant Secretary FLORENCE JEPPERSON MADSEN

ENLARGING THE HYMN REPERTOIRE GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS NOTES FOR ORGANISTS NOTES FOR CHORISTERS

By Alexander Schreiner The hymn selected for January 1943, By ]. Spencer Cornwall

Tabernacle Organist and is of BlessFount Thou "Come Every Director, Tabernacle Choir and Member, Church Music Committee ing,"the 216 of page School Sunday Member, Church Music Committee

FORmusicmorecommitteethan twoofyears,the Churchthe generalhas hymnSong Book.boldly,Letwiththe organistfourfootplaystopsthis Come Thou Fount of Every Blessselected and recommended a numdrawn and also superoctave couplers, ing

ber of hymns for special attention and in addition to solid eightfoot stops. No. 216, Sunday School Song Book

use in our Church services. There are Let the song ring out to encourage the Text: Robinson Music: Gentry

let singers. to the sure organ breathe Be importanttwo this reasons why hymn is the Tt function of the chorister in

all at points the singers breathe. whereproject should be supported our by directing first, congregational singing usual, as stated often has and been As musicians. First,Church is there a to set the tempo; second, to the keep is here, the far tenor removed when fortendency our people sing to the same singers together; third, and infuse to bass, the in the tenor from play the insongs year out, year and the with into singing the a proper expression of right this hand. great play not Doconsequence that sensitive souls some music. words and Fount "Come Thou it in style. feeble as a though Play hymn ofgrow hearing weary small a number of is Blessing"Every reverent prayer. it, it is for well worth you recommendof sung hymns frequently. too The just The should tempo fast be to enough recommending. project to aims thishymn situaremedy enable the singers to take breath intion enlarging the by repertoire of our is for February The hymn Thou "O conformity lines the with of the poem.

Itcongregations. should joy to be a Father,"Gracious on 33 Kind page and it will find conductor The appropriatelearn a time from hymn new melody of the BeSchool Book. Song Sunday to flowing use a beat will which induce time,to if it especially has sung been is this prayer, to a endeavor cause hymn singing. smooth, legato should patHe oronce twice the by it way is prayerfully. play This brought tern his choir—by beat that so the beginning andof introduction. prayerful hur- a not about tempo, by is ending of each phrase easily discernSecond, finest of our some tunes hymn style, ried; loud, prayerful not a by ible. This will procedure insure good inare of danger into going oblivion. finally rather subdued; organ but and by ensemble. simple dignity should per- A splendid carriersThese hymns, of our eightfoot pitch stops predominantly of singing the vade throughout.

gospel message, are pointed out by without octave couplers. Accompany

this of project,means that so they may singers; them. not the hurry do Kind and Gracious O Thou Father lost.not be Thus, encouraging by 33, No. Gentle For March, have Sunday School we "How Song Booktheir it is use, general that the hoped Text: of God's Denny 287 page on Commands,"Music: Careless injoy singing, congregational the and the Play School Book. Sunday of it, the KflosTlove of of increased. hymns George be Caremay phrase each very legato—beautifullySong less will musicians written Church for well were to be the do Taberat close the breath a legato—withfaithful of nacle Choir. of fact stewards This our music keepby for accounts tone, eightfoot phrase. loud each Use iting alive joyful. of in being many them and high keys. Brigham Young Some it clearly. so that heard enough can be contain toused say, duet parts trios. sing the us gospel "Let and re- a As gently. singers the very Accompany sult,into these the hearts the of people."are hymns Everyeffec- much more

one knows that gospel hymns often May God bless all faithful ward ortive when sung in four parts. Latterturn hearts to repentance and to a resoganists. day Saint congregations differ from

lution of a better life. Let us pursue most congregations in that many memour musical activities with such promobers have been trained to sing the varition of faith in view. ous parts—soprano, alto, tenor, and

Just a word now concerning the techbass. In singing the hymn "O Thou

nical directions for choristers and orCURVE OF SONG Kind and Gracious Father,"all singers ganists given in connection with these who can sing parts should do so. The

hymns. Not all of our Church musiBy Eva Willes Wangsgaard duet should be sung by the sopranos

cians are technically trained. This and altos only. A moderate tempo and

designed to presentcolumn is some best suited to practical technical HPhe night was still—then suddenly, a lark thisa halfhymn.loud volume are suggestions to our

choristers and organists. Those who Sent up a curve of song, a rocket spark,

Gentle God's How directions the followed givenhave Commands burst in Which 287, and sprinkled gladness down No. School Sunday issues of theprevious Song Book Era, should now

the dark. Text: Doddridge Music: a considerable Naegeli in the growthshow mastery of Church music style. When TThis hymn may be effectively sung

properly presented, Church music I stilled my sobs—and with a seraph's tread, A with just the melody. In this case

should lift the hearts of people toward The dawn climbed up the steep, stood up, the organist would play a good harmonintend music not Church doesGod. background. Gentleness should domand spread icto entertain theatrical of any by means inate the singing. The speed should

tricks, but rather to ennoble its listenHer spun gold cape—and night and sorrow moderate with a slight measure accent.

ers. fled. The volume should be kept medium.

cmiHiiumintsanReliefwSociety Names day Saint Men in the Service. A comUniversity Ward Makes

New Second Counselor mittee of the Y. M. M. I. A. is cooperRationing Enjoyable

ating, director Colton, B. and Don

Belle of reunion Smith air at a was in the Appointment "D ationing will direct the activiSpaf- the Mission Home,** ford, editor Society Emigraof the University Relief of The Ward, of ties.

Magazine, as second counselor in the The Home, consisting of a reading tion Stake, in late November. Invitageneral presidency of the National room, a writing room, music room, tions in the form of ration books conWoman's Relief Society was announced lounge, and game room, is open every tained stamps for dancing, coat checkrecently by the First Presidency. She day of the week from 4 p.m. to 11 p.m., ing, refreshments, and awards.

succeeds Donna D. Sorensen, who has and on Sunday from 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. As a further indication that they inheld the position since January, 1940. tended to cooperate in the national conMrs. Sorensen remains a member of Japanese Saints servation program, all members of the

the general board of the Relief Society. Aid U. S. Soldiers ward walked to the party... except

persons too old. These were transportof Mission, the Japanese JIembers station""rationing the to (ward ed EnsignWest Commemorates *"* in Hawaii, with headquarters equipped horse house) buggy and byPresident Grant's 1.- raised recently of $11,01 a fund Birthday have driver. stable crier livery with town and

President Heber J. Grant's ward, 65 to be used to furnish books, music,

* the West Ensign Ward of the Enand entertainment programs as morale Excommunications service States builders United birthamongsign his eightysixth Stake, kept have following excommunications THE in eleven Hawaii. Of men stationed speanniversary,day November 22, by past during the reported * been disinvitations to contribute,cial thousand services meeting. in sacrament

eightymonth residents, to Japanese President Clark, and tributed Jr., J. Reuben

7, April born Eaton, Detenbeck Sadie five response. secured hundred tribPresident David paid O. McKay 1915. Ward, in Redmesa Excommunicated

utes. musical program The was made 1942. 24, Stake, Young May Portrait President McKay's favorite of President Grant's hymns.up

priest, born Gillespie Sawyer, a Afton in Washington Chapel family also Hangs a marked day The by was in 14, 1917. RedExcommunicated March

dinner. N oil painting of President David O. mesa Ward, Young Stake, May 24, 1942.

Kalmar, an elder, born George Hemicke Richards Lee Greene McKay by in 11, 1917. Excommunicated in theDibble Receives Ahas recently hung been WashJanuary

Mexican Scholarship ington, D.C., chapel. The chapel, Ivins Ward, Wells Stake, October 21, 1942.

Stothers, born Sarah Ayers Jane Waldon of touris visited thousands instructor in which anby Dibble, E./harles

4, 1882. in Dayton, Excommunicated May oil Presiportraits ists of has annually, at of University the -* thropology 5, 1942. States Mission, Northern September already President Clark dent and Grant to contributor regular andUtah, The Christina born DeVol, Watson G W. hung. field in of ancient theImprovement Era 12, 1887. September Excommunicated

research, has receivedAmerican at at the Nationalarship for further study a scholChurch Services in Annapolis Ottumwa,sion, OctoberE. 25,Iowa,1942.Northern States MisUniversity at Mexico City for the aca- ["atterday Saints in training at the

demic year 194243. He is studying *-'United States Naval Academy at Canadian Mission Headquarters

at the Mexican University for his docAnnapolis, Maryland, are advised that Tew address of the office of the Cantor's degree. He obtained his master's the Church has a fully organized branch L adian Mission since November 30

degree there in 1938. there. Work is under the direction of has been 133 Lyndhurst Avenue (St.

Alton B. Moody, branch president, who ClairBathurst District), Toronto.

B. Y. U. Adds to resides at 16 North Glen Avenue, AnScholarship Funds napolis. Services are held in the K. of Church Building Dedications

Street. P. B. of Hall, School lder the Council Harold Lee dolof hundred one contribution A at of the chapels dedicated Twelve P lars to the has been Lyman made Antonio, Albany, Texas; and San Choir Tabernacle S. Hinckley, and BryantLoan Fund by Louisiana, as the he toured TexBroadcast Many, 700th at Presentsto the fund permanent endowment as Mission in November.

Strobel University SaltBrigham Choir and John Tabernacle Young Lake HPhe the Elder of Stephen Richards L gift of its has a Stake added in York broadcast heard New was Organ the of the Council dedicated Twelve dollars. five of Brigham hundred The procoast-tocoast seven hundredth chapel, the of Pedro San Long Ward other loan ten University hasYoung radio audience, nationwide a gram by 29. Stake, Beach November

finish to students is funds permit which It 13. morning, December Sunday President dedicated David O. McKay financial aid. college giving them by oldest the presentof continuously one the California chapel of the Ventura

29. ed network programs. Mission, NovemberMission Opens Home Cornish Chapel, Benson The WardTo Service Men Stake, dedicated 8, by was November

"piVE large rooms of the Mission Home, Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of the

L 41 North State Street, Salt Lake Council of the Twelve.

City, are now open for the recreational and social welfare of L. D. S. service Deseret Industries

men and their friends. Uses Deer Hides

The Home for L. D. S. Service Men P\eseret Industries, the Church Welis under the supervision of a special fare salvage organization, this seacommittee composed of Elder Harold son as in seasons past, used the deer

B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve, skins that were donated by hunters, to

chairman; Elder John H. Taylor of the make jackets, vests, and other articles

First Council of the Seventy; and Elder of clothing, which are sold to the pubHugh B. Brown, Coordinator of Latterlic.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

Stake, DeHumboldt Branch, MontelloChanute Field Mormons BulSamuel Tanner succeeds Onnge W. PrivilegesReceive Chapel lough.

Branch, Moapa Dependent Kingman corporals and Lauper MarcelT\7hen succeeds M. Stake, Conway John DeHoan Field, of Chanute Nelson * * Harold LeBaron.

Lt.Illinois, chaplain post approached Stake, York Branch, Westchester New

Col. Harkey for permission to use one Isaac M. Stewart succeeds H. H. Haglund.

of the army chapels for L. D. S. servHamer Branch, North Idaho Falls Stake,

ices, they found him already well acClarence Hepworth succeeds James T. Wilquainted with Mormon ideals. His reliams.

Stake, North Third Weber Ward, Ogden chaplain"forspect a "young Mormon

Draper. Jesse H. succeeds Hodge Curtis, had Milton E. (Theodore Jr.) who Stake, Sanpete City North Spring Ward, a previn Hawaii, with and himworked Ellis. F. succeeds James B. Ernest Terry

ious visit to Utah made obtaining the Nanakuli Branch, Oahu Stake, G. Melvin

desired privileges an easy matter. RegGlade succeeds Parley G. Janssen.

ular Sunday morning services are now Napa Ward, Oakland Stake, John L.

conducted by Church members at the Murdock appointed bishop.

post. Pittsburg Ward, Oakland Stake, James

Harvey Kirby succeeds Branch President

Ward, Branch Changes Francis Mellor.

Fred Oakland Stake, Martinez Ward, Eighth Ward, PocatelloPocatello B. succeeds Willard Andersen

created September Stake, was 27, by RichardKnowles.

a division of the Pocatello Fourth Ward. Winder Ward, Oneida Stake, Ernest W.

Jared O. Anderson was sustained as bishop Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts. Carter succeeds Ingram F. Smith.

of the new ward. Pocatello Sixth Ward, Pocatello Stake,

Pocatello Ninth Ward, Pocatello Stake, Bible Sale in U. S. Arnold Reddish succeeds J. Golden Jensen.

was organized September 27, by a division Shows Increase Pella Ward, Burley Stake, Charles LeFifth the Delbertof Pocatello succeeds Bowen. Cook Ward. Garner John E. Roy about in sales were America "Dible Stake, Henry Branch, of the sustained ward. Carbon as bishop Rolappwas new *-* in 1942 greater five percent twentyin released September. new Wilcox orNo Stake, Pendleton Union was Ward,

ganized from the Pendleton Branch, Septhan in 1941. president appointed to date.

tember 13, with Milan Dale Smith as bishop. Dr. Robert Taylor, executive secreEast Ensign Ward, Ensign Stake, Ralph

Napa Ward, Oakland Stake, was organtary of the Chicago Bible Society and W. Hardy succeeds William M. Faulds.

Stake, Ensign WalWard, Ensign West of the American Bible representative 27.ized Branch, September from the Napa

ter succeeds M. AnderWaldo J. Eldredge Society, said: orStake, Pittsburg Oakland was Ward,

sen. ganized from the Pittsburg Branch, SepAmerica is discovering the Bible again. Weston Ward, Franklin Stake, Warren

tember 27. It isn't just a flareup caused by the war Maurice Tingey succeeds Vaughan F. TayKingman Branch, California Mission, has but is the result of a real spiritual renaislor.

been transferred to the Moapa Stake, as a sance which has been coming on for some Centerfield Ward, Gunnison Stake, C.

dependent branch of the Boulder City Ward. time but has been quickened by the war. Dewey Lund succeeds C. A. Petersen.

The name of the North Pocatello Ward, Wellsville Ward, Hyrum Stake, Preston

Pocatello Stake, has been changed to the Home Sunday Schools Hall Branchley succeeds John J. Hendry.

Pocatello Seventh Ward. Planned for Mission Field Nephi North Ward, Juab Stake, Elgin R.

Seattle Seattle Stake, Garrett E. Smith. succeeds Albert South Ward, The

for Schools Sunday for home 7V plan division of Stake, created a Calgary Charleshas been Lethbridge the Queen by Ward, in areas are living the Saints sustained as "*"* who succeeds Carlson Ursenbach was H. Pitcher. Gus Ward. MorganAnne

bishop. remote from organized branches of the Liberty Ward, Liberty Stake, Lawrence

The B.M.I. Independent Branch has been Church has been approved by the Des- J. Oborn succeeds Ambrose B. Kesler.

organized in the Moapa Stake. eret Sunday School Union general Pleasant View Ward, Malad Stake, John

Falls Idaho North Terreton Roderick succeeds Ward, Thorpe. The Thomas J. into throughto operation be put the board, created B.Stake, 1, from Mission, Benjamin November was M. I. Branch, Moapa States Eastern the out Church. The Branch. Independent William Larson. succeeds Lake Cameron RaymondMud

these with experimented mission has bishop. is the ShuldbergH. Stake, Elmhurst Oakland new Ward, I. Ray

Topaz Independent Branch, Deseret Sunday Schools for some time, and the Darton succeeds Glen E. Smith.

Stake, was organized November 22, on the Southern States has nine hundred such Thirtyfourth Ward, Riverside Stake,

Japanese resettlement section near Abraham, organizations functioning. Thaddeus M. Evans succeeds Charles J.

Utah. Warren Richard Nelson was susWinter.

tained as branch president. Those Who Have Passed Away Manassa Ward, San Luis Stake, William

Christensen succeeds Samuel M. G. Jackto Switzerland, missionary Ballif, MissionArgentine Address son. SF. presito Belgium, 189093, 190405, Branch, Reseda Dependent Fernando San address of the headquartersHPhe from of the Mission Swiss of dent and German branch), Stake (new E. apWallace Lund

president 192023, 190509 and from and A the Argentine Mission has been president. pointed

died of the from 19111920, Cache Stake Eduardo, to 4499changed Calle San Stake, Ward, SantaquinTintic Mammoth

California, at his Oakland, home, Novemof Argentina. President DavidBuenos Aires, Egar succeeds Biglow Bradley.

the mission is James L. Barker. ber 17. Burial was in Logan, Utah. Centerville Second Ward, South Davis

Winners in Grant Bishops, Presiding Folsom.Stake, Leo V. Worsley succeeds Hugh B.

Oratorical Contest Elders Appointed Ephraim South Ward, South Sanpete '"The Brigham Young University honRiversideas J. UdyWard,succeedsBear JohnRiverH.Stake,Ward.ThomParleyStake, Christensen.H. Alvah Fitzgerald succeeds E.

President Grant's birthday ored by Fifth Stake, Cache Edgar Logan Ward, Panaca Stake, Lester E. Ward, Uvada contest, theholding Grant oratorical an B. Mitchell Daines. succeeds G. Newel Willie succeeds Lee Robinson.

since 1921, Stake, eventannual on Charles Denver Pueblo November Ward, Branch, Dependent Jewett Stake Young Pitts succeeds Wheeler. Edward John J.22. speeches were "Modern Winning Oliver branch), (new appointed Stock J. Butler Stake, East Jordan Frank Ward, and Mormonism,"Rosemary byYouth president.

L. Philip succeeds Badger. Cowley J. Missouri, and of Independence,Spears Hurricane South Stake, Zion Park Ward, Twentyseventh Emigration Ward, of Deity,"the"Into Realms Lamar by Carroll C. Heaton Garff. succeeds Elmer A. Zeniff Stake, Parley succeeds Harrison D.

Buckner of Ogden, Utah. Both speak- P. Eccles. LaVerkin Ward, Zion Park Stake, Loren

ers received books, the gift of PresiCarlin Ward, Humboldt Stake, Herman D. Squire succeeds Vernon Church.

dent Grant. O. Layton succeeds Leonard P. Ottley. (Continued on page 60)

=jditofuaL cause, it is implied, they feel themselves to be his (hut Sd, &6u tUwayJu, allbetters;the vices,he istheirsthe "gentile,"all the virtues.the "outsider"; his are

A people still young enough to remember perse- "\17ith another new year now to become a part of cution and the threat of extermination may perhaps forgiven if they seem be overly apprehensive—aplives, reality the again contemplate of our we "stranger,"but apprehensive of the prehensive not past, things those to belong changeless which the

history Mormon of misunderstanding. Though things those to are yet which as and come. And of dislocations, series of a to be the history seems lies look that the the out prospect of year upon we Saints Latterday that it reveals interpreted rightly itself us, that before impresses perhaps most which

percan best society. sought They always its of our minds is upon unhave its uncertainty—all Today the world."being "in mission form their by events. disclosed could Sometimes we we think if

in live nonMor- fully twothirds of their number only the that is not could endure know we all—but sense, that In scattered. communities, widely mon life. this fortifying to the ourselves After way of

direction of best of our ability and in accordance with the best they "moved over"long ago—in the

knowledge we have, we must accept what comes the "stranger,"not away from him. In Ohio, too,

without knowing. and in Missouri, and again in Illinois they sought

But new years have always held their own seto be neighbors to him, to establish themselves as crets, and no matter what the world expects this his fellowcitizens on a frontier that could best be new year to give it, there is some finality in the subdued by fellowship and cooperation, not by dithought, and perhaps some comfort too, that there vision. The final flight to the mountains, the prehas always been uncertainty. In this respect the paration for mass evacuation in the days of Johnscoming year is no different from any other. A year ton's army, and the policy of aloofness for some

ago there were uncertainties, also, and we had no years after can be understood only in the light of liking for the prospect, but we have lived through rebuff and bitter experience.

it, with many compensations to relieve the uninvitIt may be well to recall that in earlier days the ing picture. coming of the immigrant converts to the valleys by

dislocation the more dislocation from are ical events passing as so far only uncertainty within—a—butAnd now again, as always, we face uncertainty the thousands could have precipitated a sociologbe- of despite commonality the because, profound the there fundaconcerned, remain beyond which

mental, unchanging certainties; and the circumlief, the background differences between them and

stances of a passing day must not be allowed to their American brethren were so great—greater

confuse these fundamentals that govern our lives. than the differences, sociologically, between LatterIn the long view of immortal man there is still only day Saints and their nonMormon friends today.

one set of rules to be followed. Passing regulaBut through each disturbance Latterday Saints

tions may change; the outward habits of our lives succeeded in retaining what was fundamental to

may, of necessity, be altered, but, at peace or at their way of life: an implicit belief in the Fatherwar, at home or away, we must not let ultimate hood of God and the brotherhood of man and, as

objectives be lost sight of, nor principles nor standits corollary, faith in the ideal of a cooperative soards nor beliefs nor ideals, nor any of the goodciety which, through their concept of the kingdom ness of life, be lost. We may go through the fire, of God on earth, they were able to approximate in

but in doing so we must not become as dross. reality. And because they did not yield, the haven

And so, as we have lived through all the years which was once their refuge in isolation today that are past, and found life to be good in spite of serves a nation in her peril because of its accessibilmany unwanted things, we can also live through ity, the strong heart of a country at war.

all the years to come, even as long as time shall be Latterday Saints, fond of quoting Isaiah 2:2, 3,

given unto us, until we are called back to that home have wit enough to see that the times are an opfrom which we came, where the years are no longer portunity as well as a challenge. They are disnumbered, and where the sweep of time is measured criminating enough to see that in many instances

only by the endlessness of immortality. R. L. E. the stranger within their gates brings with him

education and refinement, an appreciation of Mormon institutions and history, and a desire to form permanent friendships and establish himself on an

A recent article in a weekly magazine of nationenduring basis among them. It would be ridiculous

wide circulation calls attention to the general to fear him, an insult to disdain him. With him it

dislocation that seems to be more severe—or at is possible in the future to achieve the cooperation least to be causing more concern—in the valleys which distinguished Mormon society in the past.

of the mountains than elsewhere. War is said to To be sure, there has also come to town the

be crowding in on the Mormons, moving them stranger with the lurid glance, the unsteady gait, over. As farms are converted into factories, and the mocking tongue. He must be resisted—here

quiet streets into thoroughfares of hurrying comand elsewhere. The wanton and the camp follower,

merce, Latterday Saints are reported to be growthe irresponsible and the vagrant are not indigent ing uneasy, even resentful. Symbol of the disrupto any community, least of all to Latterday Saint

tion is the presence of the "stranger"within their communities; they are the immemorial backwash

gates in unprecedented numbers. Latterday Saints, of war. Who fears them acknowledges his own

so runs the insinuation, are in mortal fear of him, a weakness, distrusts his own defenses.

fear mingled with disdain for him and his ways be- (Concluded on page 60)

is incapable of exploring spiritual domains. Both alternatives are unacceptable to sound thinking. Man

withexternal the universe cannot be confined and limits in the searchEvidences and in Therefore, of materialism. the

for truth man may touch the source of life, as alsoreconciliations the immobile stone; the eternal past, as the endless

future; the Lord of the heavens, as the humblest of

hi. What hu JjudJv? HisIncreatures;the searchtheforspiritual,truth it becomes,as the materialof course,worlds.eviHTruth is the desired objective of all rational hudent that there are divisions of knowledge. One

man action. Science and religion alike are built deals with facts alone; another with the use of the

on truth. Jesus, the Christ, frankly declared to Pifacts for man's good or evil; yet another, to those

late that "To this end was I born, and for this cause who believe in God, with the conformity of statecame I into the world, that I should bear witness unments or actions to divine laws.

to the truth."(John 18:37) In a world of living things, knowledge that helps

The meaning of a word so commonly used should man is of greatest importance, and highest value.

be generally and correctly understood. Yet, subIndeed, knowledge of the universe is of value only

jected to philosophical speculation, truth has often as it serves man in his upward, progressive journey.

been given diverse meanings, or left befogged in Within that statement lie the truths of religion; and

clouds of abstraction. therein the importance of religion becomes evident.

Even Pilate seemed confused. His answering Simply to gather truth without regard to man's welcomment upon the declaration of the Lord was, fare spells an empty life. Or, to gather truth for the

"What is truth?"This may have been a sincere appurpose of injuring man, makes a devil of such a

peal for Jesus'definition; but more likely an exclaseeker after knowledge. Only those who seek to

mation of doubt or derision, as if to say, "No one find the use of truth for every man's advancement, knows what truth is."are the acceptable seekers after truth.

In a revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith ocIn its noblest sense, truth is knowledge gathered curs a very simple yet comprehensive definition. and used for human welfare.

"Truth is knowledge of things as they are, and as Truth is the most precious possession of man.

they were, and as they are to come"(D. & C. 93: Light is its fellow traveler. He who walks in the

intelligently safely. travel C. (D. and may & truth with accurate light, is synonymous24)—that is,

truth. of There, 93:29, also, is a test (D. C. 36) & or a of it. productknowledge

This cuts away all underbrush. Without knowl50:23, 24)—J.A.W.

edge, truth may not be found. Truth is revealed by

knowledge; is gained and knowledge by man Mi. (x/Ao jul thsL TTLcul senses assisted aids asthrough his various by such

he may secure. That is, the facts of observation, in ikUnJbTybMJL?

the visible or invisible world, lead to truth; and

truth must conform to human experience. To the Tn the early days of the Church, persecution raged

seeker after knowledge, truth is constantly being reagainst the Saints in Jackson County, Missouri.

vealed. For the comfort of the people, the Lord gave several

The dictionary agrees well in one of its several revelations. In one He promised, "I will raise up undefinitions with the Prophet: "Truth is conformity to my people a man, who shall lead them like as

with fact or reality; exact accordance with that Moses led the children of Israel."( D. & C. 1 03: 1 6

which is, or has been, or will be."This also expresThere have been many conjectures concerning this

ses the thought that truth issues from knowledge. statement. There have even been misguided men

This throws the burden of discovering truth upon who have declared themselves to be this man "like the individual. As he obtains knowledge in any as Moses."

field, he will gain truth. But the knowledge must Yet, the meaning as set forth in the scriptures,

be correct or it does not lead to truth. is very simple. In modern revelation the president

There has been endless speaking and writing of the Church is frequently compared to Moses.

about ultimate or final truth. It may as well be adSoon after the organization of the Church, the Lord

mitted at once, and without reservation, that mortal said, "No one shall be appointed to receive comman,senses—hisgatheringonly avenuesknowledgeto truth—mustthrough imperfectremain mandmentsing my servantandJosephrevelationsSmith,inJun.,this forchurchhe receivethexceptcontent, in many fields of endeavor, with partial them even as Moses."(D. & C. 28:2) In one of

truth. The eye of man, sweeping the heavens, gaththe great revelations upon Priesthood, this is more

ers some knowledge of the universe; with the aid specifically expressed. "The duty of the President

of telescope and spectroscope more is won; but full of the office of the High Priesthood is to preside

knowledge of the starry heavens is yet far beyond over the whole church, and to be like unto Moses."

man's reach. Nevertheless, the knowledge gained (D.6C. 107:91)

by the bare eye, or by the aid of instruments, reThe discussion of this question among the

Saints,veals fit led to the following in the truth, statement but noble Times to stand truth. Taylor, the then Seasons the truth—partialside of all otherby (6:922) the of and by John progress With

time, knowledgeseeking, truthloving man will eveditor, "The president (of the Church) stands in er approach the fulness of truth. the Church as Moses did to the children of Israel,

The attempt has also been made to limit man's according to the revelations."

search for truth to the materal universe. This imThe man like unto Moses in the Church is the

plies that there is no other universe, or that man President of the A. W. Church.—/.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

SEENHAVE YOU NEW TESTAMENT BILL? Jodox! hunt By May Jones

By Gunnar Rasmuson (pe/i&otUu T*\id you speak to him? I am afraidU not. rTtiME and distance have always glisoh, but, proud is Bill son not how my A enchantment, appealing tened 1. with trembled judge unrighteous What is I goodif a were. he He be would all in has present apthe ages while in chains? prisoner before a come, as they clean chap,looking young unimportant. first peared drab suffered and apostles 2. the of Which religious. deeply veryand here and can happen now""Nothing martyrdom? college first of his year Bill finished fable. it dearest has man's been ever 3. and was by whom whom Of back of coming instead last spring, and in the happenings neither momentous nor cold The that they were said the to he the went farm helpto on Dad Christ, of Moses, Abraham, days Noah, spiritually? hot work. defense the with help to Hecoast Smith, Paul, Brigham last and Joseph 4. Savior's comthe was What in shipyard. is a welder a now their conlooked upon were by Young disciples? his to mand it to told Bill's is story as he Here inuninteresting as temporaries and did discipleship 5. test Jesus of What at while he was ago weeks a fewme altoignored simply or consequential give? days. for very few ahome Still in stood they gether. when awe the place 6. among Judas'took Who started first he morning Sunday The to events the marvelous contemplating twelve? Saint Latterday for look a toout closing the of in the hours unfolded light of the be is called the 7. Who a standing on School. WhileSunday times. fulness of the dispensation of world? go, the to whichcorner wondering way today marvel backward, Looking appear the 8. Savior did we whom To the to Shoulder ofstrains Your "Put eventful those of the at happenings resurrection? after His time the second

ears, his he knew and reachedWheel"blindat the stand days. amazed the to 9. was and whom By We whom into slipped over.his search was He are the past of of the people ness and all the given, to world command "Go overnearly seat, homesicknessa back failed recognize to that surprised they the gospel"? preach and junior the Sunhim, when andcoming time. their significant of events the is to 10. as coming mentioned Who familiar song started another Schoolday unthe forward, await Looking we night? Jesus by

left, Bill he for tears and camethe arrival the prophecies raveling of and reapostles 11. three were What cry. see to him anyonedidn't want brilliant than any dawn, of a more in the pillars new St. as Paul garded by Bill since, has morning Sunday Every experienced. yet Church? tithhis paid Church, the to samegone of the in most midst the Standing in the last 12. the book wrote Who the receipt given a bying, been and history, in happenings we stupendous Bible?

bishop. the anticipate past interpret the and character Testament 13. What New Not another soul has spoken to Bill of utterly oblivious are future, but Christ for the love of the world? the forsook

friendly to him or hand a out heldor of the mighty forces breaking meaning 14. Paul's occupation? was What to friendliness bit of least theshowed us. all around to handle serpower had 15. Who

is so lonely. hehim, and pents unharmed?

Bill is not in uniform, but his job has 16. In which of the gospels is the

to be done, and he is doing it well. He DOWN ON THE FARM mission of the seventy recorded?

a hand smile and a friendlyneeds clasp. By Jake Falstaff (Answers will be found on page 37) Saint mothers needs you LatterdayHe

to farmer not does have him. after know lookto THE

learning Aside from much. how these defense are near You, who

obstetrimilk, play to wheat, shock smile give a pleaseplants, won't you train put to cian cow, a dog, a Jersey

Bills, to Toms, our clasp a handand grain, binder, build together fan a a Payment for Handy Hints used will be and Henrys who are so far away from load of hay or a wheatstack, judge one dollar upon publication. In the event

us and trying to do their bit? weather, start a balky horse, operate that two with the same idea are submitted,

a gasoline engine, repair general the one postmarked earlier will receive the

The Scrap Harvest machinery,erseed, trapstringrats, fences,splice fiddlerope, clovbuild dollar.but each Nonewill receiveof the ideascarefulcanconsideration.be returned,

applehogs, butcher prepare scrap sheds, farm of America, more"Carmers trees, vines, butter, prune and bushes, quickly sweater dry a woolen and To* scrap is needed is needed. Farm it corn, potatoes, plant in shape, place keep fruit, turkish cabkeep it on a heavy

now in large amounts to blend with bage, and garden truck, sow wheat, towel and roll with a rolling pin, shaping it lighter scrap gathered in the recent city oats, barley, millet, buckwheat, and as you roll. The sweater will become aldrive in order to make the high qualtimothy, pick seedcorn, cull hens, most completely dry while you are still rollity tanks and guns our boys must have treat a heifer for a rotten hoof with ing, the seams will be flat and the surface

on the fighting fronts. buttercolic, harnessantimonya horse,or a fertilizehorse fora field,the willN. T.,assumeClifton,a softIdaho.and lovely finish. Miss

You have done a fine job of collecting pull stumps, shingle a roof, watch the and turning in your scrap, but the need markets, breed livestock, weld a brokTo remove paint from hands, rub wellincreases. Therefore, I am asking each en shaft, whittle out a new wagonwith drippings—bacon grease, for example.

with a cloth and then wash. This Wipe off or operate a whiffletree, spoke some again and farm to search yourof you

like leaves a charm and the hands different kinds of machines, twenty it fast as in as 'your scrap turnalso

Pocatello, H., Idaho. off the lightradio, stand run a and workssoft.—/. will be winter you Thisaccumulates.

doesn't ningrod have salesman—he for clean delicate silk a readygetting machinery lampshade farm your you To the to average than more young know roll off can dust or winter all summer smoke in spring. drive big nextthe Turn in of years learn could twenty man

its surface with a small of piece walldough parts and any out andbroken worn intensive Back Come training.—from cleaner. the repleated paper shades Even useful. that's longer Miffnoequipment to (Houghton County Wayne this to treatment. don't the spond rub But

lin Company) R. Wickard, Claude into fabric the dust brush. with L. S. a A.,

Secretary of Agriculture. Ogden, Utah.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

By Josephine B. Nichols

"Share the Meat for Victory"is basic (See also "Meat As Human Food"Bread page 14) HTo make sure that our fighters and our * allies get the meat they must have, Everyone is working harder these days. Everyone needs more energyfoods such

the to is asking civilians government as bread. You'll enjoy the natural, substantial flavor of Royal Enriched Bread.

limit voluntartheir meat consumption ily to 23> pounds a week for persons And it brings you extra food value over twelve years of age; IJ/2 pounds

years;for children six to twelve % ENRICHED with important

six for children of years underpound age. Vitamins and Iron

In addition to 2J/ pounds a week of beef, pork, lamb, veal, and mutton, you These added elements are especan serve such highly nutritious foods cially vital to the maintenance of as liver, tongue, sweetbreads, kidney, good health in these days of stress.

brains, heart, as well as poultry and fish. recipes will help the following Using Royal Baking Co., Salt Lake & Ogden Fresh every day theto over share of spread your meat

week. 100% Homeowned—100% American at your grocer's

Baked Salmon Casserole 3 cups mashed potatoes 4 tablespoons shortening gsmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

Y cup flour Y cup evaporated milk FOR ALL THOSE water cup 34 1 salt PROLONGED I teaspoon teaspoon pepper Yz grated 1 cup American cheese FAREWELLS may I IMPORTANT EVENTS 2 cups salmon or 1 No. 1 can

bread crumbs cup FIGHTING PROLONG Y i Such As Birthdays white sauce by melting shortening, (/?S. NOT AT HOME} Make

blending in flour, adding milk and water gradually, and cooking until thickened. Add 1seasonings. Add cheese and stir until Anniversaries—Parties

is melted.cheese

Place layer of mashed potatoes in butGIVE a tered casserole. Pour half the sauce over

potatoes. Add a layer of salmon and cover DELICIOUS

sauce. Sprinkle with remainingwith but- i $ladsL6u CANDIES (350tered in moderate oven crumbs. Bake

F.) twenty minutes.

Beef and Kidney Pie (A meal in a dish) LET'S BREAK BOTTLENECKS 1 AT STOPS BUS or beef steak cut in round chuck pound

Ever eavesdrop prolonged parting on a cubes. 3-inch

is the bus when leave? In to ready peace

small 1 veal pieces it cut in kidney times might have been but amusing, 2 tablespoons fat that's not true today. Fighting men and

1 cup boiling water warhave workersbeen slowedmust downbe onto time.save tiresBuses

lj/2Y teaspoons salt that means time must not be wasted at 1 bus stops if schedules are maintained. Y teaspooncup mincedpepperonion

Y1 teaspoontablespoonWorcestershireflour sauce union pacific water cup FAVORITE i CANDY * YOUR diced celery cooked cup STAGES Y341 diced carrots cooked cup % DEALER WILL SUPPLY YOU potatoes diced cooked 1 cup 1 cup canned peas "If It's Glade's It's Good"green peppers cup diced Y onion slowly in fat; then add Brown

meats and brown well on all sides. Add

salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce and boilmm&mv ing water. Simmer slowly two hours. Mix

stir intothe flour with cold water and the LOS ANGELES'the vegetables to thickenmeat and it. Add FDHEMD5T HOTEL

boil. into tobring dish Pour baking round.. ofeer biscuit in we with topand cover cut dough ALEXANDRIA A COMPLETE

in (450 shapes. hot F.) Bake ovenwedge SERVICE ENGRAVING OCWNTOWN RATES TROMTROM.. $3$2.5050,.DOUBLESINGLEOARAftCfifteen minutes. Missionary Portraits to the From Largest

Catalogues Recognized in Utah Headquarters Biscuit for Pie Dough Mail Orders Attention Prompt Given

Los Angeles flour\Y CO. UTAH ENGRAVING V. SMITH, Director CLAYTON Managing milk Y cupscup evaporatedbiscuit St. Salt Regent City, Utah Lake of Salt Formerly Lake City {Concluded on page 36) 113

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943 * COOKS'CORNER (Concluded from page 35) into oiled baking dish and set in a pan of water. hot in a moderate oven (350 Bake water cup Y until firm. or F. ) minutes twenty liquid to flour and mix well. Roll Add

to onehalf inch thickness, cut, and place Chicken a la King on pie. chicken cups cubed cooked \ x/2"Milk White"butter 2 tablespoons Liver and Spaghetti Casseroles 3 tablespoons flour beef pounds Worcestershire teaspoon \ x/2 or pork liver Yl flour tablespoons 2 milk evaporated 1 cupEggs and Poultry 2 tablespoons fat 1 cup water or chicken stocksauce 3 cups cooked spaghetti 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper 1 cup canned tomatoes 2 tablespoons chopped pimento onion 1 small to supplement your salt teaspoon minced Yl 1 salt teaspoon butter, Melt voluntary ration dash of pepper slowly, stirring stiruntilinthickened.flour; then Addadd chickliquid

Scald liver, drain and dice; dust with en, Worcestershire sauce, green and red

of red meats. flour and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Melt pepper, and salt. When well heated and

fat, add meat, and fry slowly until brown. blended, serve over hamburger buns cut in

"Milk White"Eggs—deliriousArrangehetti in aalternatewellgreasedlayerscasseroleof meat andor bakingspaghalf and toasted. Garnish with parsley.

ly and easily prepared in indish. Combine remaining ingredients and Luncheon Salad

for spaghetti meat. and over pour Cook 1 gelatin lemon form the package numerable ways—can (350 F.). in hour a moderate oven one water 2 cups

dish for many a meatless main 1 veal diced cooked cup

Cheese.. chicken diced cooked cup same time meal. and at the Souffle Y

celery chopped cup milk 1 cup Yi of quantities furnish abundant pepper green chopped butter tablespoons 2 34 cup the vitamins, minerals, and pro- 2 tablespoons flour 34 teaspoon salt vinegar tablespoons 2 salt stuffed olives chopped cup teins that your family needs. y21 cupteaspoongrated cheese 34

Nature's "perfect food"is found 3 egg yolks 1 teaspoon onion juice chill. gelatin in Dissolve hot water and whites egg at its best in "Milk White"Eggs. 3

fold ingredients and remaining butter, Melt stir in flour. Add milk slowly, Combine

stirring until thickened. Add the salt and into chilled gelatin. Turn into loaf pan

"Milk White"poultry is deliAddcheese,beatenstirringegg untilyolks theandcheesemix well.is melted.Last, orUnmoldin individualon crisp lettuce,molds. orChillserveuntilin slices.firm.

cious, too. Roast or fried chickfold in the wellbeaten egg whites. Pour Garnish with mayonnaise.

en, or oldfashioned chicken stew, are some of America's favorite dishes. How about REED SMOOT AND THE BIG HORN

"Milk White"chicken for Sun- (Continued from page 26) down to get her baby to sleep and at the time the temperature. a high had baby The can always You day dinner? cabin in log largest called "the been articles tubercuread mother had on many "Milk White"on the depend recreation losis. articles these In of she read one the had Cowley the world,"

brand. hall. The attendance justified this that they had a high temperature most of

arrangement, for over thirteen hunthe time.

I at the ImpleRobertson working was and mountain over people came dred wife immediately ment Co. came My service. the Sunday to attend desert the store said she thought and we should

looked most take her to Billings [Montana] this MonUTAH POULTRY Among those who to eagerly for the coming of Elder day afternoon. Dr. Nelson gave her the

tuberculosis. think didn't serum, but it was of Broththe family Smoot was Reed

for said prescribeProducers'Conp. cough. he her would He of a son Robertson, er McKenzie test for the three to It took days show

great Big The blessit Horn pioneer. in full took bloom. Thursday was we On

Dr. through the back. her in their Nelson phoned X-ray Association ing that home wrought

three pictures, the took from one They is best told by the followant of God* * the ministrations of a humble servroom (Dr. Bridenball was the X-ray doctor) front, the the back, from from one and letter author: the to ing

all side. waited day. almost When oneWe

finished pictures the were a very saw we Lovell, Wyoming in. I told bring doctor them him IF CINDERELLA 1942 sadfaced May 16, truth. to the the held wanted know we He

known about Dear Sister Johnson: light. had to pictures the tuberculosis Active

In answer to your letter, we are very in the lungs looks like blowing snow in the

RECREATION grateful for the opportunity of giving you pictures. Her lungs seemed to be full. He

IN THE HOME thisLeonatestimony.Bea was born April 8, 1934. She undertold ustwotuberculosisyears of age.was fatal to a child

until nine she a strong, was well baby to was glad been have would she if told to take her us see and home we He seriold. she very had some months Then stay at home. in the at get Basin. sanatorium her could trouble. ear ous

If to in care for not her have cur would we in for the family this illness, is fun she from After There she recovered able to prolong her We might be lively this book. Don't fail to seemed

six life for approximately months. copy. get a terrible cough. quite wellWeuntiltook sheher tocontractedthe doctora home.

here. He said she had whooping cough. We arrived home about 8:30 p.m. BishAvailable from all the She coughed continually for about five op Frank H. Brown administered to her that

auxiliaries. months, which left her very frail. We have evening. The next day we told the bishop

Only twentyfive cents. wouldseen hertearcoughher littlewhenbodyit apart.seemed that it weSmoot.were Healsothengoingtoldtoustakeit washer theto Elderthing

In August, 1936, Mrs. Robertson sat to do.

REED SMOOT AND THE BIG HORN IDEAS

On Sunday we went to Cowley, Wyall night I thought she was going to die. I From My Kitchen to Yours!

oming. I met President Archie R. Boyack sat up all night with her.

at the door and told him my trouble. He Monday morning I told my wife we would PACK A LUNCH WITH A PUNCH

said their day was so full they would take her to Basin that day. She was much Sandwich Suggestions: A box lunch

hardly have time for lunch, but if they had better and we could hardly keep her in bed. packs a punch with foods which supply

a minute he would keep me in mind. We were going to go to Basin on Tuesday energy, proteins, minerals and vitamins

We couldn't stay in conference, so we but I felt impressed to go that day. We—so important to the health of our dewent to the car and shed a few anxious went to the state sanatorium. fense workers and school children.

tears. Then I went back to the meeting. I When we got there and met Dr. Kanable, Meat, poultry, eggs, fish are common

felt the opposing spirit and left the meeting he told us if we had waited until Tuesday sandwich fillings. But for a more pleastwice [intending] to take my baby home. I he would have been gone foe two weeks. ing variety, and to help you in the eterfelt that they wouldn't find time to take care We gave him our permit from the Billings nal problem of what to make, try these

of my troubles. The spirit spoke to me and doctor. He took the baby to the X-ray 15 suggestions combining nourishing,

told me I had brought her up here to see room. We told him the pictures were availflavorful Tea Garden delicacies using

Elder Smoot, to take her to him. able from Billings. He said he took his different kinds of bread for variety.

pictures. weren't There words many own 1. I with StrawBeef Tea Roast Cold Garden in her took arms to and went back my

finished. the until picture Jelly spoken bread. berry oatmeal on was Apple Hethe building and until waited meeting was

it in his in smile big with hand, with Tea 2. Mixed on a Garden Chopped came hamover. our made the through way crowd We Fruit Jelly bread. wheat on cracked light the picture his face, a and put overto the to stand Elder President Smoot. Boywith roast 3. Garden Tea Ground lamb the tuberculosis us been had where showed I usack introduction. gave an started to Jelly bread. French on Mint

all in heart, the her but around glands were the him what matter the with was baby. Blackberry 4. with loaf Garden Tea Meat

is in lime. sealed calcium naand That white Jelly bread. enriched on said, tell don't to is needtellHe "You what me

first ture's infection. the of healing way with Garden Tea 5. ApTongue I Smokedwrong. see."can said didn't he He

Preserves ricotPineapple Pumperon infectraces the of There second were no oilhave with any him so used mine. we nickel bread. tion. sets Dr. the Kanable compared twoI oil, the gave him he and asked President Liver with Straw- 6. Tea Sausage Garden pictures, of at astonished the recent was to her. anointBoyack Elder Jelly blessed rye berry on bread. Smoot

said, at Billings the of date taken X-rays andher the asked to and heal Cherry with Lord Bing 7. Chicken her Tea accordGarden

all is quickly healed contrary to be so "To bread. Preserves wheat on wholeing to will. His "is scientific miracle a She with CurButter Red Peanut 8. Garden Tea knowledge—it I After I he told through, was him was Jelly on cracked bread. rant wheat that infection of healed through been had

willing that the will Lord's done. be He of sandwich cracker 9. creamed Graham will the the of of the and His power Lord

ifasked Prewife Raspberry cheese willing she Garden Tea that the and were my Priesthood.

serves. willLord's told done. be she him She was. is healing the of testimony of This my my with Tea Garprunes 10. cooked Chopped said that all he theHe was asked to Lord I it girl. in the of bear our Lord baby name nut bread. Preserves Apricot on dendo. Christ. Savior Jesus and Amen. with BlackTea cheese Garden 11. Cottage

That Sunday night the baby was so ill McKenzie Robertson. berry Preserves on whole wheat bread.

12. Deviled egg with Tea Garden Watermelon Pickle on whole wheat bread.

on corn bread. Orange Marmalade

Mixed with Tea cheese Garden LETTER TO WILL HAYS 13.14. CreamChopped crisp bacon with Tea Garden

Jelly white enriched rye or Fruit on (Concluded page from 8) Society, Relief Woman's By Amy bread. theirAlcohol with and tobacco, President, Lyman, degenBrown Representing Drips with 15. Flaked Tea Garden

erative effects objectives. endanger both little enon mayonnaise Syrup andfish mixeda mothers. 115,015

riched white bread. all fine the commend you We General Superintendency the Sunof thatthings eliminyou have Preserve I Jelly Garden and Tea In making I li done—thefor day School Union, By George D. or layer with bread Pysandwiches, spread good of butter profanity,ation of for example. And

in. to soaking cheese preventjelly cream from General Superintendent, Representin all per, the of of our youth namenow and

American youth we appeal to you, who ing 360,337 members of all ages.

STEAMED TEA GARDENbear in so responsibility moral much General Presidency the Young of PUDDING MARMALADE ORANGEthis life, recreational of phase our to Mutual Women's Ass'n., Improvement

until butter tablespoons Cream this into situationlook 1% to and answer By Grant Lucy President, Cannon, gradually soft smooth; cream and conscience the asyour American good Representing 76,867 young women.

; wellin tablespoons sugar 3 add are.that believe the you wrong We

Sift together eggs. cup beaten %2 General to Superintendency impressionable peopledone the young Young of

flour, teasifted allpurpose xfawill Men's Mutual tend to Ass'n., individuals debauch Improvement and By of soda, a pinch and spoon baking George Morris,bring about poorer of a Q. General Superingrade Ameri-

;; first salt beat in to mixture add tendent, Representingcan 65,511 and manhood womanhood. young Those Marcup Orange Garden Tea % men. will love in support Americawho you malade. wellgreased into a Turn

withthe action we plead; 1 tightly hour. cover steam you to take. General Presidency the Primary Asmold of Serve; with Sauce MarmaladeCream sociation, Hinckley, Green By May sincerely, Yours heavy whipping by made cup \ Superintendent, Representing 1 29,958 in folding cream 2 tablespoons and

General Presidency of the National children and teachers. Tea Garden Orange Marmalade.

Serves 4.

NEW TESTAMENT PERSONS (Answers to Questions found on page 34) 8. Cleopas and Luke, two of His dis- p/z&K /AtztjZcn?

GARDEN HOSTESS YOUR TEA (Luke 24:1518) 1. Felix before Paul. (Acts 24:25) ciples.

9. Christ to the apostles. (Mark 16: PRESERVES 2. JELLIES (Acts James. 12:2) 1415)

to the Leodiceans. 3. The angel GRAPE JUICE 10. Nicodemus. 3:2) (John TEA SYRUPS (Revelations GARDEN 3:16) 11. Peter [Cephas], and John. James

4. Go, teach all nations, baptizing (Galatians 2:9) MARASCHINO CHERRIES

them. (Matthew 28:19) 12. John. SWEET PICKLED AND CANDIED FRUITS

5. If ye have love one to another. 13. Demas. (II Timothy 4:10) SUCH A BIG DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY...

13:35) (John 14. Tentmaking. (Acts 18:3) SUCH A LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN PRICE! 6. Mathias. (Acts 1:23) 15. Paul. (Acts 28:3, 6)

7. Jesus. (John 1:9; 8:12; 12) 16. St. Luke. (Luke 10:1)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

SAM BRANNAN

{Continued from page 21 comfortable as possible. And thus passed

ognizing his talents for what they were, the winter....

he made him partner in the enterprise. 7 By the middle of Sept. Nauvoo was

evacuated, and the city in possession of

But precious time allowed no imthose who had chosen to go there for that mediate concern for Keseberg, or the purpose. Those who had left came on to

ghoulish sights about the Donner campWinter Quarters, the village before menground. Later visitors must tend to intioned on the Missouri, or stopped at interment of the dead. The three intreptermediate places....

left This camp, which Quarters Winter id wayfarers cross the must mountains, the between 6th 14th April, of consists and perish. or negotiating Sierras the And of less something than 200 to men men—two but one they was hazard faced. Hos- a wagon, accompanied twothirds of the by

tile Indians, waterless deserts, and a council and men in pursuit of a location for thousand miles of unfriendly terrain themselves and friends, which they expect must be conquered before the day they will be west of the Rocky Mountains.

might greet the Saints from Illinois. We left upwards of 4000 inhabitants at

Quarters Winter and expect large a comthat the time came When finally since which started, the pany have are and now at last mountains them, behind were route, en will among of be as whom many each oncoming wagontrain was met families of the Battalion as can be fitted out.the

with happy anticipation. Perhaps it If any of the Battalion are with you or at

was Brigham Young's vanguard, Caliyour place, and want to find their families, forniabound! And each in turn proved they will do well to take the road to the

a disappointment. States, via the south bank of the Salt Lake,

Ft. Bridger, South Pass, etc. and watch the

till turn of the or any find road they '1FTEEN YEARS this camp. will to The camp not go ago "OarlyL'wearilyin Junerode theintothreeFort adventurersHall. This paththe coast...or west was introat to your Morning Milk place present;

decrepit junctionthe stockade was the not have we means. people to the of Utah duced

it as point of all migration, westward and among to Any choose you who may come that quality product the highest into the trail over here the north Great road split. Basin or was meet the The camp,

could be made. This quality, led to Oregon; the south branched off are at liberty to do so; and if they are doing

well are, it they where to choose stay, and California. to finerflavor astonishMilk's plus Samuel's Morning To

... is right. quite far ment, the greater of by number it popuUtah's most soon made papers report arrival The that your and for as companies headed Oregon—and promilk. the lar evaporated printing have office With you only in Upper

it California, of his lover a lay beyond I Calif., but not the do of know your name in Wellsat plant our duction

this so. understanding should be I why paper. should... that have mentioned

full ville, capacity, at Utah, two last, at long from information message a came received Ft. Now, at Laramie,

modern plants were opened at from Brigham Young. It was tendered it is expected that the command, belonging

Stockton, California, and Sunnyhim en route by a westbound company. to the Battalion at Pueblo is on their route

Calif, toward the will South by Pass and Eagerly he scanned its precious conthe to meet side, Washington, at this be point in a days. few tents.

in the everincreasing demand 8 BRIGHAM YOUNG 11 Western States. Morning Black Hills, Bitter Creek,

Milk, Utah's only homeowned 30or Laramie,miles weston oftheFt.OregonJohn, rpo Samuel Brannan, this longawaited

evaporated milk, is today a truly and Calif, route from the letter was as enlightening as it was

Platte, in great Its camp of Israel's depressing. terse sentences told of industry—born and raised

Pioneers. the evacuation of in Utah. Nauvoo; of Winter

6, 1847. June Quarters; historic the of of the march

Mr. Samuel Brannan: Mormon Battalion to California. It

*- i/Jtttat A My dear Sir: By my date you will disrevealed at last the whereabouts of Briggrating the States from company camped it the time same darkly foreboding. was

this onefourth eve, of about a mile back MORNING'its Unmistakable disclosure that was SSL!l,orninaj cover my location, and as there is an emiham Young and the vanguard. But at I of as destined are understand some whom,

the pioneer companies were not bound I Francisco, improve for San few moments a MILK to write you. About the time you left New for California, but to the desert alkali

York, the first company of friends left Nauflats of the Great Basin! That must

voo for the west, and in June arrived at not be! The Saints, somehow, must be

Council Bluffs, where they were invited by turned from so foolish a move! Charles

Pres. Polk, through Capt. James Allen to Smith was emphatic in his declarations

enlist in the services of the States United that the to in California. and march and be discharged human

... enlisted. Greatlife—thatBasin couldCalifornia,never supin died port Capt. Allen 500 About

at Ft. Leavenworth, and was succeeded by comparison, was a living Eden.

others in command, and the Battalion was Only by a fast and desperate ride

BEGIN THE NEW YEAR marched to Santa Fe, from whence 150 were could they hope to intercept President to Pueblo, inthe Arkansas, on Young's of company. By every means

etc., RIGHT valids,returned the and remainder continued they induce somehow must their Calif, route to or towards Mexico by persuasionthe this to pioneers arid land, avoid route. the South

continue to Fort Hall, on thence and Bluffs, left Council their pilotage experienced into the under on SUBSCRIBE TO AND READ theAfterremainderthe battalionof our camp settled on west bank of the Missouri about 20 miles California. The very fate of the LatterThe Improvement Era northcabins,of etc.,the Platteso as River,to makeand themselvesthrew up logas daysparecauseneitherseemedselvesat norstake.animalsTheyif mustthey

12 issues $2.03 'For Keseberg's part in the Donner tragedy, as well would save the Saints!

as his association with Brannan, see McGlashan, History of the Donner Party. 8Journal History, June 6, 1847

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

SAM BRANNAN Four Great Books William Clayton, whose vivid pen ments with a bland smile. He seemed GOSPEL STANDARDS

has recorded much of the drama of the little impressed by Samuel's fervid by Pres. Heber J. Grant $2.25

and tells California Eden, of the thus of description 1847, of pioneer journey THIS ALWAYS DAY—AND opinion a faithnurtured countered with Brannan of the historic meeting Samuel L. Evans by Richard and Brigham Young on the banks of the that a touch of the Lord's hand, coupled 1.50

Green River: with the brawn of Saints, could make an IN THE GOSPEL NET

Eden of almost any place. by Dr. John A. Widtsoe 1.25

30.. resumed logic Wednesday, June could eloquence nor Neither. We

a.m., President. at our 8:30 Young, journey the of conviction which dent armor the UNTOby RichardTHE HILLSL. Evans 1.50 again. others Kimball, ahead going and on But Brannan. turned leader toward

miles, eight traveled 11:30, having At... Order now unbending elder an California the had

the of arrived River and banks Green onwe well felt will he could of his own. He the in under a line our formed CO. THE encampment BOOKCRAFT

afford to common when be patient, timber. City, Utah P. O. Box 63, Salt Lake of the cottonwood shade

Green River is very high, there being in sense was arrayed in his behalf. No Please send the books checked

the channel from twelve to fifteen feet of man who had conquered the Sierras above water; the width of the stream is about eighand drouthridden deserts to defend so

teen rods with a very rapid current.... precious and farreaching a cause must Send C.O.D.

The grass grows good and plentiful, but allow himself to become discouraged $ Check or Money Order still not so much as has been represented. by first rebuffs of the leader. There was enclosed.

This river is 338 miles from Fort John. still a reasonable certainty that, after

the brethren makAfter dinner commenced rafts, for and ing each division, one two soon Brighama glance Youngat thatwouldsagebrushnot riskwilderness.approval NAME arrived in camp,afterwards Brannan Samuel

having come from the Bay of San Franof it as future home of the Saints. There ADDRESS

cisco on the Pacific Coast to meet us, obtain was still the Hastings cutoff from the counsel, etc. He is accompanied by a Mr. Great Basin to the coast. "On to CaliSmith and another young man. They have fornia!"must surely come the cry. And

come by way of Fort Hall.* in joyous reunion, the Saints of the

greet Saints the yet would Brooklyn SYRUP Brantravel-frayed Samuel the Only yet fCiTtogether they'd from Nauvoo—and it! necessary desperatelynan knew how makes them Better the glory build summered on to God's

in counsel.""obtain he Andwas reslopes of Pacific America. SERVE delicious Southern give to feltturn he he had some counsel hotbreads with butter

it Brigapparent so was now syrup! and Golden-—since set (\n the had and Twelve Young richham Mapleine Syrup. twelveJuly 4,dustbegrimedwhile still at GreensoldiersRiver,rode the to turning southwestwardhearts glorious It's a treat! on

valley of the Great Salt Lake. into camp. To the happy surprise of

all, the as themselves they announced < interchange first the must come But inBrown's of Captain guard advance telling the of excited the greetings,of <az&*2-SYRUP the Batof detachment valided Pueblo the dramatic voyage, andBrooklyn's! Better horses, they stolen In talion. makes them of search the fall of andtragic story Nauvoo's into Young's camp ridden Brigham had

with PERK puddings up in Quarters. atsufferings Winter And since both accident. quite And by syrup with topped of historic hour,this movements two as reported horses been thieves had and cream. cusfor Grand faith of greatthe symphony Mormon

it ditoo. tards, in the such at Bridger, Fort being Make was into harmonious an themselvesblended with syrup Mapleine lay. another After their journey rection of that third movement,whole. The President experiences, retelling of avid inferentially Battalion, wasthe Mormon < volrequested Council the and Young itself the immediatetrailing beyond

horizon. Time had not yet arrived for unteers to return, and if possible intercommand. main Brown's cept Captainits! moment. Better in his makes them President wrote Young That day of the Battalion. there this was news quick sundae Yet TRY

: -> journal

Syrup, sauce—Mapleine which had winsick detachmentThe

tered at Pueblo, already was reported The council decided that Sergeant Thomhot or cold on vanilla, chocolate or fruitnut of the brethren of the S. Williams, one its to join the pioneers. Any asas on way

Perfect! ice creams! the overtaken Battalion had who Mormon it arrive. mightday

to return should River, pioneers on Green to far traveled had Brannan Samuel

Battalion the and Capt. Brown meet James first soflush of that his case. Afterlay

Pueblo, by accompanied from company itself intocial submerged amenities here's to had and make how they had inasmuch and Brannan, Samuel he riverferrying, of tasks sternthe full pay, their discharge, nor received neither in. jiffy: Mapleine Syrup a Brigto convince endeavoredearnestly his servtender them should Bro. Brannan

30 Boiling pour cups... 2 Water in the mistake gross of California. to Young pilot toham them conduct ces as

Zion's choice. To Brannan at least the over... 4 cups Sugar

arguments were persuasive and logical. Calm with the certainty of the evenadd... 1 teaspoon MAPLEINE

How could human life expect to subsist tual uniting of all segments of the MorStir, and you have 2 pints of delicious syrup!

there when every trapper and plainsmon pattern in the rich valleys of the Make it Just as you use it... or ahead of time.

scout could tell it was alkali desert, fit Pacific, Samuel Brannan was happy to It keeps. Mapleine gives you better syrup... so

only for the abode of savages, wolves, offer himself as guide to Brown's comeasily and at a saving! Mapleine also flavors

and jackrabbits? Furthermore, he had pany—for fJhe plan was to route the desserts and dainties. Free recipes with every

been told, it froze there nearly every company on this westward journey by bottle. At your grocer. Crescent Manufacturing

day in the year, and whatever growingway of Great Salt Lake and thence on Company, Liberty Bank Bldg., Dallas, Texas.

season the desolate place possessed was to the coast. After this reuniting with

entirely too short for the maturing of the pioneers in the Great Basin, it was crops. likely all the Saints would continue President Young shook off the argu- (Continued on page 40) MAPLEINEIMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR

9William Clayton, Journal wBrigham Young Journal, under date of July 4. 1847

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

SAM BRANNAN ( Continued from page 39 uel's breast when the leader explained California branch. To him it was stingwestward. So, without delay, Branthat Latterday Saints too often had ing proof that President Young not

nan and Williams headed toward faced the guns and felt the lash of those only had lost confidence, but also had

Pueblo by way of South Pass. By the who misunderstood their way of life. rejected both him and his calling.

middle of July they had successfully inThat a land so desirable as Samuel had At the suggestion of Apostle Orson tercepted Captain Brown's command on pictured California must of necessity Pratt, Samuel busied himself instructits line of march toward the coast. draw men as syrup draws flies, and no ing the brethren in the Mexican way of

Meanwhile Brigham Young's pioneer hope of Mormon peace and isolation adobe construction while he nursed company plodded its way across mounwas contained therein. That God's wounds and chafingly awaited Captain

tains and through valleys only dimly kingdom and the kingdom of the world Brown's preparation for the perilous marked by the wheels and shovels of could never grow in harmony side by overland trek. At last, on August 9,

the previous Hastings party. And by side. It was vain for Brigham Young 1847, the little party of horsemen turned

July 24, Latterday Saints were breakto point out that in these arid vales their backs on Zion.

ing ground in the sloping valley beside Samuel so heartily detested, the Saints In the turbulent, rebellious soul of the great salten sea. must fight to live—and because they Samuel Brannan seemingly there were

must turn everlastingly to God for help, no regrets. His farewell to Zion proved

ID efore July had ended, Samuel Branthey would live. Ease, he was told, a final one.

nan, in company with Captain Brown meant spiritual and physical death. (To be continued)

and the lost hundreds of the Battalion's That only by taking that which no other "sick detachment,"likewise rode into man wanted could they be freed from cerrapacity and be reasonably Saints valley. of reunionthe was human The of On the Book Rack pattern building the tain of Mormonjoyful in Branbut enough, sang no joy

nan's heart. His dark eyes looked aghast life unmolested. On one thing alone was (Concluded from page 28)

to quick enemy no Samuel he'dat happened. had what The worst agree—that land NUTRITION the raise likely to claim to any was pass. to Brighamimagined had come Silver, Co., (Fern D. AppletonCentury Saints! the for chosen now sojourn to only chosen not hadYoung 1942. York. $1.00.) New

wilderness, in the Saints forbiddingthe likewise reminded President Young outbut marked had actually of his acts that a number a city! Samuel were Thisintroductoryadmirable booktext foris intendedschool use.to beButan

Acres of sunbaked earth had been neither acceptable in the Lord's sight it would serve equally well for reading by creekflooded and plowed. A fort and nor to His Church. The Benson and those long out of school. It presents the

dwellings were under construction. Kendall contract, which Samuel had fundamentals of nutrition comprehensively,

Streets and town plats were surveyed executed in New York, had been reyet simply. It is well illustrated, further

and marked. "Inheritances"were being jected by the Council as a veritable readings are suggested, and useful facts are

in the tabular placed throughout form book. Saints, the faithful. death. he todealt had "bowery"with covenant The A

benefited, greatly be America would many in protection rest their public meetings, for told, erected andbeen would a was if ills national of our vanish, every would of in for handful the Lord'sspot House. the a marked Lord above—not girl in to required study were boy and

heart, of the with Reluctantly, "the prominent demagogues heavy and this similar school Educational or a book. most11

joined Brigham Brannan country."YoungSamuel self. the should of begin with study wisdom

in a carriage inspectiontour of the vast Samuel finished the carriage ride,—/. A. W.

Latterterrain defeat, land with black smarting of sagebrush and which under soul. in his as Hurriedly home. anger ragingday Saints know now must he GOLDEN(Hughie Call.FLEECEHoughton Mifflin Company,

Mentally he compared the sunswept made preparation for the return to CaliBoston. 250 pages. $2.75.)

picture of blue desolation with the great fornia—with the expectation of pilot- '"Phis woman's story of life on a sheep

land he felt to be of more certain proming the Battalion members from Pueblo *- ranch makes vital reading as well as ise to the west. He thought of Califorwest to join their comradesin-arms on gives a good picture of a valuable part of

nia's wide, navigable rivers, and comthe coast. The Battalion's time of enour national life. The picture is particupared them with the puny creeks and listment had now expired, and it was larly vivid because the author was herself

the brushchoked stream Brigham had anticipated that Brown's detachment what most of her readers are—a "tendernamed "The River Jordan."He thought must proceed to California for musterfoot."Therefore, the picture she draws is

of California's gentle climate and coming-out and payoff. But unexpectedly a most enlightening, as well as a refreshing one. it blistering, to a the decided President dry new onpared mounYoung

is delightful will furnish and book The thetain winters counsel the vicious with heat course. and Following and lasting picture important a phase of an

his this of surely part leader, out so mustered a Captainhowling winds Brown life. of our American C. /. M.wilderness. He thought of New Hope, Battalion command in Salt Lake Valwith its bottomless black soil, its endley, and thereby released these brethFRONTIER BY AIR

less procession of wild life and game. ren's willing hands to Zion's cause. As (Alice Rogers Hager. Illustrated. MacAnd like a sickening echo he heard the to their pay, it was decided Brown millan Company, New York. 1942. 243

mournful wail of the coyote. should accompany Brannan west. He pages. $3.50.)

those all reBrazil's soldiers the about collect would "pOR who know pay for would its carriage the dusty bumped While *- situation, is this a book. book Mrs. must behind. maining prairie's the weatherruts, alongway

for the Hager, wellknown she has work bitter. In final desperation, heart Brannan sadSamuel's Samuel The and grew

chief of as public for the done information stilltrip useless. promises convince to attempt another been had The made Civil until recently Aeronautics Board when

In a left refuted. of his folly the ofhe'd behind must be Brigham Young she service, her opened news has done own

frenzy of desperation he begged Presichoice. The encounter led to a bitter a muchneeded job well.

dent Young to reconsider, and requarrel, and ended with deep distrust Mrs. Hager made the trip "by anything,"

counted to him again the manifold ason the part of President Young for the as the photographer said, for she traveled sets of a land which surely must some arrogant, selfwilled New York Saint. by oxcart, by river, by foot, whenever the

day become the richest portion of Moreover, the leader entrusted Captain plane failed to carry her where she wished to the in go. book, introduces she her And inletters irritably listened of the to Council's withAmerica. the Brown He

readers people are to found be to many wholeader's the coast explanation struction the brethren calm to on had that God in the outlying provinces as well the as this the considered an open and Samuel Brigham Young.made choice—not areas. densely populated more of One

his the office the affront to of of president purpose HisThat and wisdom was lies chief the intiof in the charms book man's. puny—not the

There was little conviction in Samto JournalYoung. History. Jan. 26, 1846. Letter of Brannan mateian life.—M.pictures C.Mrs./. Hager paints of Brazil40

.

11. Provide an assignment of an activity

SiaksL fommiii&SL for every member of your quorum. CLoA6u QmihwdimL

12. Social activities should be regularly

Priesthood supervisors automatically sponsored. Responsibility of the Teacher

all 13. feel in at See that members home is gifted indeed a Tt teacher responsibility increased durcan have who quorum. your

ising times. lessons the present upabnormal after world The week week

will that Foster project a quorumset are 14. sparkling with war; interest. and them keep members quorum with

all tobring the of members quorum in the forces often of the the nation; too Although armedaway quorum memactivity in gether purpose. and

others are traveling get to the bers activity judge around Priesthood and class instrucin selecting careful a work 15. Be

in plants. are Families being defense of the value participation quorum upon tor. testimony and have a He must

separated and quorums are finding that knowledge of the gospel as well as the the quality of the lesson presentation, many of their number are absent for ability to create interest. the instructors, at any rate, must realize

one cause or another. It seems that 16. Ward teaching should be completed the responsibility that falls upon them.

every principle and organization is beduring the first two weeks of the month. Thorough preparation will overcome

ing challenged by conditions in the pres17. Secretaries should: most obstacles. Anticipate lesson needs

ent turmoil. (a) Bring records up to date and and assign a quorum member to prepare

Therefore extra effort must be exmaintain them accurately. all the details in advance surrounding

pended by those called to supervise the (b) Check with ward clerk to keep a special incident that will come up in

Priesthood in order to hold the quorum roll currendy accurate. a future lesson.

organizations intact and offset the per- (c) Send monthly report in regularly. There are various other methods of

verse influences which abound. Take (d) Be prompt in sending the quarterstimulating interest, apart from the lesdefinite steps to keep in touch with ably report to the stake officer. son material itself. ( 1 ) Draw practisent members whether they are in the cal life comparisons from the lesson.

army or in defense factories. Urge (2) Illustrate with current events. (3)

transferred quorum members to affiliate Relate littleknown bits of Church histhemselves immediately with the near- (P&A&onjotL UtsrfgcUisL tory which indicate how certain prinest Priesthood organization, and then ciples were applied in strange situations.

have someone assigned to write them Suggestions for the Personal ( 4 ) Occasionally invite a guest speaklearnto whether they have so estabWelfare Department of the Monthly er who has had unusual experience.

lished themselves. Priesthood Leadership Meeting

The disturbing conditions which surbenefi- also carry us todayround may the Melchizedek Priesthood Tn section reportresults. arecial quorums Some of Improvement The Missionary Era (DecemWork closer areing that the drawn members ber 1942, introduced page 808) was an responsibility of presenting and HPhe cooperation thattogether and and individual card. record quorum member to the the gospel world teaching flower to considerationfriendly seems

file, containing for a The card each alive rests Priesthood. the keep upon To is distrying to oppositionbest when

is quorum to member, kept the be by spirit in the of the missionary quorums withthe fromtract the of Lord work presidency of each PriestMelchizedek is the obligation of Priesthood the anout.

hood quorum. Church Service committee. OpporAs there pointed out, the chief retunity for missionary service in the

sponsibility for filling out the record is wards and stakes of Zion has never upon the president of the quorum. It is been greater. The large influx of peoSuggestions for recommended that in the next stake ple into some of the Latterday Saint

inin the defense to communities work the meeting Personal WelQuorum Presidencies leadership of the for dustries calls a strengthening give fare department consideration to missions. suggestions stake following have beenTThe the putting into method of operation

list a mimeographed from * taken of these new arrivals know individual the proposed record Many system.

which was compiled by the quorum offiRecord cards should, before the meetlittle or nothing about the teachings and cers of Ensign Stake. ing, be obtained by the Melchizedek doctrines of the Church. Much misexist misunderstanding and Priesthood committee so that they may information Church the Priesthood 1 Secure and book respecting people these of in the minds the delivered to be presidents quorum

its contents. study and Government mission. its organization, history, and file at the meeting. of type which The prayerful. 2. and be humble Always encourshould and informed be itself shall They each with provide quorum affairs quorof the 3. your In conducting

um, keep in harmony with the Church should be definitely determined and the aged to investigate the gospel message.

plan. manner of securing it arrived at. The Additional missionaries, a revival of the

4. Meet weekly as a presidency (includmethod of filling out the cards should missionary spirit, and a preparation of

ing secretary) to discuss quorum be considered and determined, and full quorum members to carry forward this work. plan your and problems for consideration matters are program of the the sysprocedure to put each details night least at one 5. week Spend quorums. the Priesthood of and study effect immediate should tem into be interest of quorum the in your week

and members. Presidencies are reworked out, so that the Personal WelAll this offers an interesting field for

sponsible for every person who belongs fare committee of each quorum will Church activity of those qualified and quorum. the to or should belong work. missionary for suited otherwise to to the complete proceed know how

all enthusiastic. members 6. Keep Make missionary farreaching of the Back file It is the meeting. furthbefore next conscious.""quorum is the carried quorum enterprise on by er the that suggested the chairmen of alone. 7. to try your run quorum Don't salvawell-being for and the desire a fully should 8. four committees be (the Personal committees Welfare The Its purpose family. of the tion human and active organized. them Keep presidents) requested be to quorum Christ of is gospel Jesus the teach to functioning.

files the their leadership to next bring righteousand establish peace to and all 9. sick of quorum. your Visit members

their value meeting, use and where may men. earth in the ness among all 10. incalls regular to personal Make

active members. be considered. (Continued on page 42)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

SoaaL&Vl/tiAjydlanwjuLbu Annual Social it* HARD TO BEMEV&*

Tt is advisable for each quorum to es- * tablish at least one major social THE OPPORTUNITY PRESENTED TO THE

IS THAT BREWING INDUSTRY SO OBVIOUS tradition. asfunction annual Then an IT TO IN INTO IT IS SUPERFLUOUS GO the nears for time the as yeareach DETAIL... FOR CHANCE BREWERS HERE IS A

party, or dinner, or play, the quorum TO CULTIVATE A TASTE FOR BEER IN members will find themselves looking MILLIONS OF YOUNG MEN WHO WILL forward to it. EVENTUALLY CONSTITUTE THE LARGEST

Select a significant date if possible BEERCONSUMING SECT/ON OF OUR.

o/oesr then thethat *4**Msnes'and concerns quorum t9*l) dePOPULATION "—MAGAZtNE. "(MAY of function wish the type youtermine

to establish. For example, the elders

may use April 6 because that is when the first elders of this dispensation were ordained one hundred twelve years ago.

The seventy were organized into a quorum February 28, 1835, while the high priests were first ordained June 3, 1831. Of course a specific date is not

essential, but establish a definite day or month for your gettogether to recur each year.

The winter months accord an ideal time for an indoor social with most agricultural projects completed for the present. Make immediate and definite

plans thus to intensify the fellowship of the quorum.

Ybbiau pwwL thz, JMcL "Welfair"Tooth Powder A mid the busy hustle and hurry of life ** in a California coastal city where a mild climate beckons and tempts men to neglect almost everything but pleasure, four men, the presidency and secretary of the first elders quorum of OakAMERICAN BUSINESS MEM* RESEARCH "FOUNDATION - CHICAGO land Stake, discussed and planned for a welfare project that would be applicable to existing conditions. proval was obtained and the name

upon. agreed "Welfair"from range the men In our quorum NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO the tested qualified chemists Several years, eightyfour and to wetwenty

it or equal pronounced and in powder COLUMN project for an appropriatesought advertised nationally to superior could participate. everywhich man

the product had defiAlthough agricultural being in an district we brands.Not

it value, nite market was agreed that A Resolution to President to manfacturing.naturally turned

The production of several articles of all returns from its sales would go for Franklin D. Roosevelt

purposes. welfare rejected discussed but werefood were of features the striking the of f\NE next. considered The Production was for geographiagain impracticable,as 113th of the Semiclosing session the of use proffered president quorum to drugs and reasons, turnedcal so we the in held Conference General facilities of Annual other the and equipment elimination of processthrough a we afternoon, October tabernacle, Sunday project until the his cost plant without tooth powder. manufacture todecided adoption, 4th, the unanimous by was unaided. had could forward go We this ofIt president that the so happened the the of Priesthood standing vote by waterproof nonmetal a designed new the chemist himself a andquorum was it represented as from was Church informato get unable but were package his of plant of manufacturing aowner in the section the of Church every so production of to tion as methodsown. filled tabthat the completely crowd members our quorum confronted we of prodesirous Naturally were we resolution. of the following ernacle, The insurmountto an be seemed with what help to article that would anducing is line to in proposals resolution with solved obstacle. problem This able was of wellbeing health the andpromote sale, or giving, possession the prohibit blessing Lord. of the the through We a formulated comfellow soour men we resmilitary alcoholic beverages on of 44) page (Concluded on availmaterials best the frompound military in near camps, ervations, and

able Bill etc., the Sheppard as provided by

the formula. to answer theWepurposeconsideredin preparingthe job Qiwuutl Qjui States Senin the United pending S.860

: ) teeth and the clean ( toto be done 1 President ate. David proposed by As Should The When

enamel. tooth without damagingmouth resolution reads: the O. McKay Meet? Committees

halitosis. eradicate help (3) (2) To

this is that of It from proposed body the with is charged committee antiseptic, be which act as would anTo the of representing Jesus Church Priesthood, it orfor which of the was abrasions cuts tohealing and Tachresponsibility to Saints, there sent Latterday be of Christ it should meet ganized. Consequently general the aiding therebymouth, the States, the of United President the

health. These objectives controlled at a regular time each week, or at least commanderin-chief of the armed forces of

the formulation. After the product was monthly, and dispatch its business in an the country, a memorial soliciting his early

prepared and tested, government aporderly manner. [Concluded on page 44)

ETHE WDRKOFTH g EVE RTY

"3a ysL 9*do GIL Mm. U)ifd'

II. They Prepared the Way lished a republic, the highest form of political institution

known to man. Such a republic was unknown up to their

hakespeare echoed a profound Biblical truth, when time, and this was the only land where a government of this he wrote: kind was possible. This continent had been concealedS There's a Divinity that shapes our ends, until the right men, rightly trained, could build their homes

Roughhew them how we will. in the wilderness and hold the ground for a larger purpose

than they knew. These English forbears had in mind a

at the the providence discovered of God, America By was of in the wilderness, the the fish and they new city made God right time, the English and the day was near at hand when their times of olden commonwealth, which had from emblem people were to feel the urge to go to the New World and been the symbol of Christian faith.

to establish the principles of religious and civic freedom.

Christopher Columbus, called as he was by the inspiration of God, gave a prayer of dedication as he first set foot on

American soil. In free translation: Edward Winslow was the third signer of the Mayflower

Compact, and it was he who recorded the following parting

O God, our Father, eternal and omnipotent, creator of heaven words of Pastor Robinson, as the Pilgrims left the shore sea, and earth praise glorify thy and thy Holy Name, we majesty, of Holland for their long journey. He said:

in all humility; serve protection give unto thy Holy whom we we

this new part of the world. Brethren, we are now quickly to part with one another, and

I live to faces ever see earth more, your any on may first the whether raise act to landing His Salvador on San on was of the the only whether knows; but hath heaven Lord God flag of his country side of the Cross banner and the by side. not, that appointed blessed or before His and you God

to onetime ode Santayana, George Columbus The by farther that follow angels seen than have no you you me I mecharge professor of philosophy at Harvard University, is a beautifollow the Lord Jesus Christ. If God reveal anything to you,

ful tribute to the discoverer's faith. by any other instrument of His, be as ready to receive it, as ever

I fully ministry; truth for persuaded, to receive were by you am my

part! world, better the thou choosest not O I truth confident, that the to has yet very Lord break more am

It is to not wise, only be wisdom I sufficiently part, forth of His cannot word. out whole For my

the vision close inward the eyes, on And the the of condition churches, are bewail reformed come who it is to heart. the believe But wisdom religion, will to farther of the present at period than a and no go

chart, found world had Columbus and no a their of reformation. instruments cannot Lutherans be drawn The

that faith skies; in the deciphered Save one to will part of whatever saw; Luther our His go good beyond what

trust soul's invincible the surmise To rather to Calvin, die revealed has they than embrace would God all art. his his science only and Was it, left fast, see, stick Calvinists, the they and where were you

is torch of pine a knowledge Our smoky... all great things. that of yet not God, by saw man who

lights the step That ahead but one pathway in their lights times, shining penetrated they yet they were Though

Across void dread. of mystery and a the living into of as counsel they not but be God; were would now

then, Bid, light faith the tender of shine to first willing light to that received. further as they embrace which

By which alone the mortal heart is led

Unto the thinking of the thought divine. These words of Pastor Robinson recall what Roger WilThe motives that brought the colonists to America were liams, the founder of Providence, Rhode Island, once said.

many, and it has been well said by an American historian Williams was much disturbed as to his right to administer that the colonists "builded better than they knew,"because the ordinances of the Church, and finally he came to the conclusion that there could "be no recovery out of the apostacy

Behind the dim unknown, till Christ shall send forth new apostles to plant churches

Standeth God within the shadow, keeping watch above his own. anew."

history. force early in another American Quakerism was

since long the has emblem Plymouth Rock become in his its England founder, Fox, began George work of When respect that freedom, proper of American freedom born a years in colonies the during in the visited America 1647, he rights for of all the recognition permaof the the and men all in colonies from his the followers 167173 found and religion. of Pilgrim fathers great of nency The were men of the doctrine northward. Carolina Quaker South The faith in the providence America to of Their coming God. time, says true Spirit at "the Light"Fox, a came and Holy ultimate for the divine event the deep uncharted over a was

in Christianity of barrenness there a Europe was "when in centuries earth. of the bringing His kingdom upon Many held tempviews advanced England."on Quakers and The birth of the the the the of before Prophet world, Savior

Nephi wrote these words as he looked into the future: erance and on all moral standards, and their social service

and community life were in advance of their day. An equal

And it came to pass that I looked and beheld many waters; place of responsibility was given both men and women.

and they divided the Gentiles from the seed of my brethren.... They did much for religious liberty.

Gentiles, the beheld I looked among and was a man who And directhe Georgia, the colonization of under came Then the brethren seed the waters; separated and from by many of my of the tion Oglethorpe. most one colony was of James The

it spirit the of that I beheld came and wrought upon down God Oglesettlements distinctly of America. Christian of all the forth the waters, the the upon he man; even and unto went many

seed of my brethren, who were in the promised land. thorpe was greatly interested in the unfortunate and was

And it came to pass that I beheld the spirit of God, that it among the first leaders to reform the terrible laws conwrought upon other Gentiles; and they went forth out of captivity, cerning imprisonment for debt. Georgia became an asylum

upon the many waters.... for the oppressed in England, and that government made

And it came to pass that I Nephi beheld that the Gentiles who had an appropriation of ten thousand pounds to aid the work.

gone forth out of captivity did humble themselves before the Lord. Here flocked the persecuted from many countries, among

which were the Moravians and Methodists.

By the Mayflower Compact, the Pilgrim fathers estab- (Concluded on page 51)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

"Welfair"Tooth Powder ( Concluded from page 42 Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, February, 1943 know emphatically that the Lord hears Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

and answers prayers, for the secretary of our quorum who is an accountant LESSON 45 2. Enumerate blessings which come to

created by profession a temporary packaging machine and from that basic Missionary Work (Continued) thethe hereafter.missionary (a) in this life, and (b) in

idea, one of our new quorum members 2. Preparation urged

a. qualified found (112) Few is building is an electrician a semiwho 46 LESSON diligently, b. that be Labor you may automatic will that machine produce in ministry prepared your (88:84) The Gathering of Israel of tooth one package per powder sec- c. to forth taught, to but sent be Not

ond. teach (156; D. & C. 43:1516) Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

As to distribution: Our first obliga- d. Everyone called to be a minister Smith, pp. 15, 1718, 8386. 9293, 161. 163,

tion is to provide what is required by ought to improve his talents so as 183, 222, 231, 286, 307308; D. & C. 45:32,

6671; 84:2-4; 49:24; 87:8; 110:11; 97:19; talents to other gain (48) sisters our through and own brethren 113:6-10; 133:4-5, 7-9, 115:6; 1215. 2635; diligently to yourselves e. Apply the local plan welfare general, both and I 15:9; II 22:3-4. 1112; Nephi 30: Nephi that study, minds your may be in addition distributing are prodour we 5-7; III 15:1520; 16:4. 17:4; Nephi 15; all stored informanecessary with

uct through other quorums who are tion (43) 20:22. 2933; 21:2225; 29:3, 8; Mormon

selling it at a profit thereby helping to f. Thou shalt not idle away thy time, 8:2122; Ether 13:2-13.

build up their own welfare funds. We neither shalt thou bury thy talent 1. The Lord to fulfil His covenant with

are also selling to wards to provide that it may not be known (D. 6 C Israel (III Nephi 29:3, f)

money for their building projects and 60:13) a. Destruction to come upon those who

to missionaries counsel Prophet's to seek destroy 3. The the covenant people will distribution soon have throughwe

a. all might C. the with your of of Israel Labor house (85; ( D. & Mormon in stores states, drug eleven western

8:2122; 75:3) III Nephi 16:15) agent. handled a manufacturers'This by b. with b. Let seasoned every eternal be word of the purposes The should net us about $2000.00 per year. grace (156) shall roll on, until all his promisesLord

It is also being distributed locally c. The business of elders to preach the shall be fulfilled

through our purchasing cooperative, an gospel in all humility and meekness c. Great and special promises made to

organization sponsored by our leading (43) children of Abraham (163; 86)

brethren here. d. Be honest, open, frank in all your d. He who scattered Israel has promdealings ised with mankind to (156) gather 163; them (85, Ezek. project be can worked Our any

contentions vain and hour e. Avoid dis34:1113) of night or the day a one or dozen by of putes corrupt minds, with Elect men gathered must be (1) from

time. invite at apeople breththe We truth desiring the to not the four know (43) quarters the of earth

ren to bring their wives or sweethearts. f. It is a day of warning, not of many (84; 183)

The project has been operating for sevwords (48, 156) (2) The God of heaven has set His eral months. Most of the men of the g. Beware of sophistry before men in hand to recover the scattered

quorum have actually worked on it. whom you have no confidence (156) remnants of His people (14)

reflections, out e. nor Cast throw no of the gathering delivered to Keys is progressing rapidlyThe work and h.

bitter sayings the any cf. Prophet (43) 110:11; (D. & C. are better coming to a understandwe

i. the Call night and Lord day on 113:6) ing of besides other each uncovering

f. sin not; j. to righteousness and Lord's to Awake The gather and command

talents and qualities heretofore unlet your light shine stand in holy places (D. & C. 133:

known. One elder, seventysix years 4. Blessings for faithful missionaries (D. 4-5, 1215; 45:32; 87:8)

old, and his wife packed over two hun- & C. 84:8090) g. The main purpose of the gathering

dred packages of tooth powder in two a. Humble to be made strong, blessed (307308)

hours which was shipped to his son from on high, and to receive knowl- (1) Main object to build a house who is the president of another elders edge (D.GC. 1:26.28) unto the Lord

reveal could Wherein His (2) will for He b. provide the Lord Promise stake. in anotherquorum ordinances glories of the and faithful families the of humble and Signed His kingdom 118:3) (D.6C. Lloyd president Johnson, Certain prinordinances and receive to (3) to according c. Everyone

DeVear Dennis, 1st counselor his own diligence and perseverance ciples must be taught and pracWendal Grow, 2nd counselor while in the vineyard (48) ticed in a house built for that

Glen Hobson, secretary d. He that is faithful shall be blessed purpose

with much fruit (D. & C. 52:34; 34: (4) Principles and laws of the

NoLiquor-Tobacco Column e. Words9; 75:5)to be given them Priesthoodgathering predicated upon the

(Concluded from page 42) f. Filled with love of God, will be 2. Scattered Israel to be gathered

consideration of measures to protect more eager to bless the whole human race a. Israel scattered among all nations

(174) upon all the face of the earth ( I Neadequately the young of America men who be filled with joy and gladness phi 22:3) service, intohave been inducted the g. To against

evils of intoxicating liquor and unchastity. (D. & C. 75:21) b. We believe in the literal gathering

like h. declare angels His word To of Israel (10th of Article Faith) After the conference the memorial

of 42:6) God (D. &C. of Israel c. Gathering of imone most prepared Presidencywas by the First the the in of forth power go i. To points portant faith the in the of sentand where to Washington it was Spirit Church (92)

delivered by Senator Elbert D. Thomas j. To be coworkers with the Holy d. Gospel to be taught those of the

to the President. Spirit in accomplishing the great house of Israel (I Nephi 22:11)

As stated in the resolution, the mework of the last days (178) e. They shall be gathered out of capmorial left no doubt whatsoever as to k. To stand approved in the sight of tivity to the lands of their inheritance

the attitude of the Latterday Saints heaven, and be acknowledged the (v. 12)

of (179) God for other to the Saints be way f. Norelative

inherit greatest blessings both to matters covered by the reso- 1. Tosons last in these saved days (183)lution. eternity in time and (179) take place the before Must g. Lord

In harmony with the memorial, many m. If faithful, to be crowned with honcomes to take vengeance on the unthousands of letters, resolutions, etc., or, glory, immortality and eternal godly

vvere sent by leading men and women life (D. & C. 75:5) Discuss

from every part of the Church. The Discuss: 1. What is the main purpose of the gathinfluence of these letters will certainly 1. What may a missionary do to better ering of the people of God?

Mnot be lost. prepare himself for his high calling? (Concluded on page 52)

.

WffS/I/G PMSIJ/080—

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Whitney, Bishop succeeded by was LEADERSHIP WARD BOY THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD is of spirto the world now gone who OUTLINECOMMITTEE OF STUDY its."bears out certain statement This in articles a series of FEBRUARY, 1943 Thirtyfourth to the have made heretofore, ones we late F. Elder Orson written by the

Partridge, that effect Text: Bishop Edward BOYS WIN TO HOW the Council Whitney of of the at one the title, was not holding though II. Boys? Chapter Can Teach Who

in originally Published Twelve. of position Presidin the virtually time

Quotations ftom the Text: "The Contributor."ing Bishop of the Church, and that Bish-

1. It takes a very particular brand of op Vinson Knight, Samuel H. Smith and

into to lead males a male young knowlpre- called to Priestthough the of growth Aaronic Roundy, Shadrach T'he of Life edge Truth and and Goodness his death, after the bishopric since the colonization over of the side x hood Beauty and and God. that in officiated to have not desert the are Latterday known American by teacher will of wise take stock 2. The

capacity. Saints, as the keeping with it has pace himself.

cities, of founding development and 3. abilities of to dare face Will death the your you created by vacancy The villages peopled have towns and which capacities? and are of out boys The April filled the at was Bishop Whitney the glaa once empty and and made it for the are the probmoment. You appointment the 1851, by Conference, is the of waste, marvels desolate of one fitness qualificaof lack or Bishthen Hunter, lem—your was of who Edward It this history. in impossible tions entirely be would necessary. are which succeed to Thirteenth the Ward, of op it its all in brief to ramifollow space 4. themselves, being Boys, so want you bishopric, the in vacancies Other him. details, fications unfair well as and and human. removbrethren the of some caused by unsatisfactory parto as mention some 5. is qualification naturalness. Another supplied. also parts, other were ing to ticulars equally others imporomit and fine Christian or a man Many woman into divided time that at city was The tant. just is natural. to It are therefore not constrained can wholly be We in bounded wards, bishop's nineteen is It conceit. not pride. not The mogeneralize necesthan be more would as exceptions, with few the way, same they before stand ment they somebody if infuller desirable or sary space and today. are The first nineteen wards the strut. instantaneously at formation our were command. subsequently was Twentieth Ward 6. practical? hates Are boy what you A of appointment K. WhitTwenty-first Newel The the Ward and formed, calls stuff."he highflown "This He

wants a lesson to be so practical that ney as the first bishop of the Church, in more recently still.

he can, and will even want to, use it. October, 1844, if not equivalent to mak1850, of the fall in the Conference At ing the at Presiding Bishop, him was is that the point can answer 7. The we families to settle of sending question the least that end, preparatory the step to question, teach can boys?"by "Who considered, been had Valley Pete San find in for simple the virtue of the funccandor him exercising a very we

ritual of selfexamination. Am I hutions of that office soon afterwards. He Bishop Whitney speaking in favor of

man? Am I capable of holding a comtook an active part in transferring the the project. The nuclei of Utah, Davis

I I plete respect? natural? been already stakes had Am Am and Weber Quarters, Saints from Nauvoo, Winter

will the price the of type pay who the 1850, in December, and formed, Bluffs, places other along Council and before being gocompletely informed pioneers, headed by AposIron County Illinois their after the route westward, the ing before wiggling group? Do and south Smith, went A. George in early he tle 1 848, exodus, October, and... I "simper"or or "purr""rave"

or do I bring without a hint of affectaarrived in Salt Lake Valley with a comfounded Parowan. Stakes and branchtion practical truths into the lives of the pany he had himself led across the es, with their presidents and bishops,

boys who honor me by giving me a plains. In the minutes of the general were organized in various parts of the

half hour of their time every week? conference of the Church, held in Great Territory, and the growth and progress

kept at Saints home colonizing of the 1850 6, City, Salt September Lake Leader: Class for theHelps

of the Gosspread rapid the with pace first in minutes the published "Valthe following Discuss and missions building up of the pel and genappears the among name illustrations case:ate in each and give appropriley"—histhe

1. Are You Very Human? eral authorities as Presiding Bishop of branches abroad.

Presicounselors the His Church. were this overdone. out Point be how may the of epistle fifth general the From dents Brigham C. Heber and Young 2. a Confidence? Boy's Deserve You Do published written and Presidency, First of First the Kimball, Presidency. his secrets At trust with and he you Can followthe excerpt 1851, April, in we

fear confessions, beor he must your the elected conference same he was last the of part early the "During ing: trayal? the Emigrating of Perpetual Treasurer of Assembly General the of session

3. Strut? You Do its there Committee, had Fund which of Christ of Jesus the Church Deseret, strut during the years boy may A inalso acting in the was incorporated He Saints was Latterday his but manhood,"he inception. "awakening of

won't tolerate it in you. He wants capacity of Trusteein-Trust. to a body politic, in accordance with

for looking natural! to He's be you of incorporation principles general the Bishop the died twentyon Whitney it? pattern! supply you a Can to regovernments Christian given by third fiftyin the 1850, of September, Informed? 4. Are You choose to societies, power with ligious sixth office the year of his age, of and his his are "buddy,"you Though trustees assistant trusteein-trust and a better than informed are "pal,"Presiding Bishop, the with posiyou other

he? If you're not, you're on your way tions he held, was thus made vacant. to hold the property and manage the

life its his a leader. of as out for affairs of the Church financial epistle the First published In a from

is long being for price informed The the convenience; and during and written to the Presidency Church, durbenefit There preparation. of study and hours President conference general present "halfprice sales"following ing the that are occurs: month, on informano

tion. "Presiding Bishop Newel K. Whitney Brigham Young was unanimously and

5. Are You Practical? died very suddenly on the 23rd inst... legally elected trusteein-trust of the

assistant helps leadership provide Does your Edward Hunter and Church first the PresidPartridge Bishop was until or wait he he must NOW, Bishop."Presiding trustee and in last these in the is ing Bishop Church before he a use can grown make man

of your suggestions and teachings. days, and died several years since. He (To be continued)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.zw'mm

ESTABLISH EIGHTYEAR RECORD IN WARD TEACHING VISITS WARD TEACHERS

if Spirit, with in the him strong any let him take be you among man is in that that that all meekness, weak,; **A NDhim he be edified he may mayillfilllliillilil"XIIM

become strong also.

Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priesthood.... (D. &C. 84:106, 107)

Suggestions For Ward Teachers Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the spiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent that

distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance to the worthy be provided without delay.

In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family questions containing the following import 1. Are you in harmony

a. With your neighbors and associates?

b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

2. Are you attending to your Church duties

a. As a member

Attending meeting, fasting once each month and paying fast offering, paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions?

b. As an officer

Setting proper example, attending council meetings, etc.?

3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

U)a)udL JmdtcA&J TlfhAdjaqsL, 3>sd>Auwa, 7943

RECREATION IN THE HOME HPhe bonds of family life are sorely in need of being strengthened. The

JOHN NIELSEN G. H. SOUTHAM A hour cries out for cooperation, love, unity, and understanding in every

home.

HThese two brethren have labored for With the rapid change in the world's way of doing things, the home late increasingly of years neglected. has been the Time was home when eight in years as teachers ward

life, the recreational, educational, industrial center of the was customs and but Stake. Uintah DuringNaples Ward,

shifted. factories; Industry in centers in schools; recreeducation have thethis their visited long period they have

is ation carried on, extent, large to agencies. a by commercial on Even familiesassigned regularly each month

without exception. the farm, machinery has so modified the way of doing things that the companionship of father and son at work has greatly changed.

Their reports have been submitted To Latterday Saints, the home is, and always will be, the center faithfully each month. Only three wherein is motivated the urge for complete living, for from its roots will

times in the eightyear period have their spring the tree whose branches run over the wall into the eternities, there reports been slightly overdue. to continue to bear fruit.

They would "like to know whether The present situations of world tribulation and unrest will, of necessity, any ward teachers in the Church can drive families closer together to find in the home their joys and to sympathize submit a better record."The Presiding in their sorrows.

Bishopric would also like to receive To meet this present need, the First Presidency requested the auxilisuch information if available. ary organizations of the Church to unite in preparing a book on home recreis is off press, distribution. for ation. the ready and book The now will Nielsen Brother be eightyfive

first sets of the chapter the attitude Church's book toward up Theyears old next Brother SouthJune, and is values. recreation recreation of This eleven followed and chapters by will in seventysix beam May. recreation, suggestions rich family recrecovering nearly every of on phase

their look they over record back As ation—Music—Drama—Dancing—Reading—Story Telling—Conversation justly theirthey are of proud accomand Radio—Hobbies—Arts Crafts—Home Evenings—Holidays—Anplishments. are to—the determined They for at and Home niversaries—Manners Abroad—Fun Food—Games thiscontinue service long unbroken so all Children Indoors Out, Occasions, and "Memories,"and Adults—andandas they sustained are teachers. as ward doings. a record of home

The book Recreation in the Home should be in every Latterday Saint home. Ward teachers are to have no hesitancy in making this recomEvergreens Planted at mendation to heads of families. It contains over 135 pages of suggestions

Idaho Falls Temple and plans which will aid in making better and happier homes, and better neighbors and friends.

Cixteenplantedhundredon theevergreenIdaho Fallstreestemplewere Note: Recreation in the Home may be obtained from the Presiding

grounds in midOctober as the landBishop's Office, Deseret Book Company, or any of the auxiliary organizascaping around the temple neared comtions of the Church, at 25c per copy, postpaid.

pletion.

$&n&ahqi

Dear Stake Chairman because it has been common practice to give members of royal families many of different a number and names a. given

infor described, titles. king be may ACinceof organizationthe inaugurationfor stakeof the andnewwardplan different ways, of in stance, a number

genealogical committees in July, 1940, a which would result in different cards for series of nineteen circular letters conhim being filed in various places in thetaining official instructions and rulings SUMMARY OF alphabetical files of the Temple Index have been sent the chairman of your Bureau. It is not unusual to find that

stake. Changing conditions have renwork has been done for a ruler like

dered some of these instructions obWilliam the Conqueror from six to tensolete, or required their modification. In IMPORTANT times. Since all our families, soon or

order that you may have in one comlate, connect with royal lines, this duplimunication a digest of current rulings cation will continually increase under of enclosing are a brief summarywe Therefore no more present method. INSTRUCTIONS the of former letcontents importantmost the accepted from families will be royal

ters. Please study this carefully and public. Instead, the Genealogical Sokeep it on file for ready reference. ciety will itself prepare records of the

It is extremely important that both various royal lines from the most relistake and ward committees be kept fully able sources, which give proper identimanned, and that each official member fication and all the children in each royal be assigned his particular responsibility family. These will be placed in the

the showing Archives, Record it. in actively be engagedand Where all submitted the of checking names and baptism, by Churchearliest of endowment datevisits in because cannot person be made extent. just that other patrons to We in the record, person for sealing each currationingof consequent gas and for in family to every wish names keep for consultation will there by be and fortailment please of travel, up make to avoid unnecessary but temple work, them. with hereafter connect any who farthis as as possible disadvantage by of temple overstocking delays, the and

contacts by telephone or letter. We files with names under certain heirs.

office inalso tourge keep this you to Most New England Families problems, send as to andformed your us your quarterly reports regularly. The Must Take Own Line Are Completed

in close suffer unless willwork we keep connect us families among Numerous possible, as urged, as far are Patrons in constanttouch with you and you England. of families the early with New in charts absolutely to pedigree get theirtouch wards. with your histories family printed of Thousands in sending perfect names order before

Please bring the following instrucfor temple work. Wherever possible have been available to the public for

tions to the attention of your stake and correct relationships must be given. years on the descendants of New Engward committeemen, and arrange for Many persons have formed the habit of land ancestors, and today it is the exthem to be given wardwide publicity. going to the temple without names of ception to find an early family from that

their own, depending on the temple to section whose work is not done. We

a with that you connect when believe advise supply with names. them We Rulings on Submitting Names for section, and that you select family from virtually that temple every has now

Temple Work reached the end of its resources in this send in first for checking a few key regard, and is without female names. families from the record, before tranThe work of checking names on famThose going there should provide themscribing the whole book.

is beily for sheets temple work group family selves with names on their own effort, with a supreme are making We being greatly impeded delayed and lines, the of disappointment avoid and pass force, check to and augmented a an recin sending are personscause many trip. lost repeatedly announced As as promptto temple the sheets through has families been ofords work whose unrelated heretofore, promiscunames all recof half possible. over ly But as in for checknot already. senddone Do identigathered incomplete with ously this been have year us reaching ords if family of recording the any you know posfication accepted. cannot be The for. officiated families Even already of sealall baptisms, the and endowments is sibility too ordinances duplicating of censoring, of all labor care the after and to. In undertakings attended been have great. prooftyping correcting, checking, and select line submiting and a on new work

only a few sample sheets as a test case Generally speaking, the sources availreading has been done, these sheets to ascertain if temple work has been able for genealogical research on anprovide not a name for the temple. You

done on this line. If the test shows this cestral lines are more plentiful and helpcan aid us immeasurably by submitting

to be the case, you can avoid sending in ful today than ever before. There is, only accurate and complete records,

a quantity of record sheets which will as a general rule, small excuse for a providing actual and specific sources of yield no names for temple work, and family to be without an ample supply of information, and withholding records of thus economize your time and ours. connected names for temple work. all royal and all other families already

officiated for in the temples.

All patrons are requested to send at family twenty than no moreone time All Royal Families Are Completed Sincerely your brethren, is for these sheets. workgroup When

nearly completed at a temple, submit We request that you send in no more another twenty, taking care to keep alrecords of royal families, from any GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF eligible Virtually every of on country. names number a reasonableways memUTAH family has already royal ber of every patron one the temple. Shouldhand in

send in a thousand group sheets at one been officiated for—worthy and unJoseph Fielding Smith, Presidenttime containing sufficient names to last worthy alike—and frequently a number

his family for years, this would delay of times. This duplication is possible Archibald F. Bennett, Secretary

telepicturizations, dances, business, costumxMjdwsuL whosebeing monthlyable to reportsvisit. areOnepromptsecretary tion with copious drawings of action,

phones every ward secretary the last ing, scenery, lighting, etc.

Tuesday of each month as a reminder It is easily cast, being distributed over that immediately following the Mutual a wide variety of characters, youth and

The Letter to Mr. Will H. Hays session, the ward executives and secreadult, some of which are speaking parts

is fine only. to opportunity a Here taries the should over and meet go officers executives as as well and A ll ana: together maturity. youth rebring mail compile month's and and work** I. the of should A. members M. Music, instructors drama, dance and secreports the stake to immediately letter auxiliary the the of read execuconsult should immediately, if they tary.

tives to regarding Will H. Mr. Hays so, haven't already concerning the done secretaries stake have adopted Some the the minimizing of of use tobacco possibilities of producing Erminie. the of mailing to plan postcard a each in alcoholic drinks presentascreen and

tions. It is contained in this issue of secretary reminding him or her of this

responsibility. important cards The Era. (See page The Improvement 8) last (bjUWlCL the are timed to arrive on either letshould also write personal aThey

of or month. each Tuesday Monday If letters ter to are Hays. Mr. enough the of committee TV7[embers drama obIf secretarof or stake our any ward written, the picof producers motion that are putting serve wards some

is ies other employing methods which will tures eliminate these objectionable inferior instead using those plays of on facilitate the compilation and prompt practices. in the for current the Plays Book of receipt of the please reports, monthly It if desirable copies of be would comis regrettable. year. This There may let inforthis helpful that us so know, this subject munications could on be to prefer might reasons be a ward why on. mation can cooppassed be Your offices sent to the of the general Y. that the royalty put M. a on and pay drama

this vital in proeration our of phase St., A., is the 50 and in the No. printed not Main thoseM. included by

is appreciated. greatly gram I. A., Bldg., Bishop'sY. 33 general boards. Generally, however, M. W.I.

Salt Lake City, Utah. the selection is a nonroyalty play and

too poor in quality to be worth royalty.

toThings standards Remember suffer each time a cheap CULTURAL ARTS Our is put on. play greater difficulties to meet than\17ith

'"M. I. A. officers have had since

of the organization,the early days you, The Assembly Program SpA&JCJLexecutives, must on all your courdraw durcarry to resourcefulness onage and I. of directors the of music M. Presentation MenGleaner Cew A. M

efforts deyear.ing the Your may new Careless, Brother remember George responsibility special the of TThe lives of your of the course thetermine his it is since ten years although only

is the for directors speech January girls.neighbor boys and the ninetytwo. at the of death age But

visit in class and the the of all Men deall of notes the read you Era M Do will the rememof membership Church to 12th the the evening of Gleaners on this the of magazine? section ofpartments his for of the forever beauty ber him

it are reports is that the to lesson. present the seeing the of This one Are you the 19 assembly hymns. January On in each accuratelysent punctually and that of Nights department Opportunity

life his consists of of a study program secretary appoint a Please notmonth? do is, "I subject the to and Speak Dare You directors can music hymns. and The responsibility figure done. Take yourand is Well."wonderful a What service the to young a permanent that do his see in interest or her and workan outlined 161 of the page on MenlessonM this properly. excepdoing program reports are peoplethe by made Gleaner Things That Manual EnOf consistcommittee a dance have If all the you well. for tionally do, Do you

If dure. directors the there speech (and or one ofing and manager more a dance sing or years to hear they come when organizain should every be two ward the of instructors? Men's Young One Careless, they the Brother of hymns

tion) will lesson properly the prepare act should as manager dancepresidency for spirit feel will of enrichment an if else chosen. has been alone no will the they time than need more presvivid through your him knowing for preparation to the seeing you Are lotted.

life. entation. truly dramatic a His was balls or in stake ward, or Green andGold activity the the follows period As

both? class is this to prepared be and work "Erminie"with drama your keeping up Are you

it class, the of the is posby members the including Erminte? operaprogram,

sible activity that the the follow could A special version of one of the regtroops Explorer Scout your and Areistered? Are your committees for these world's famous light operas has same theme of the lesson, that is, bettroops functioning? been prepared for M.I.A. use for this ter speech. Dictionary games, Right or

Is your Era campaign on its way to a fine season. Wrong questions, unjudged debates,

accomplishment? Erminie is a very charming opera and storytelling, tonguetwisters, or one of

Are you getting ready to make a full lends itself readily to amateur presenta- a hundred entertaining things that infund? of yourremittance tion. volve music, speech niceties or power would as arranged by The

Is organization leadcomplete with your appropriate. the J. be director of Cornwall, music Spencer

directors of activiers of departments and, is joyous, rhythmical, catchy, M.I.A. their job?ties? are they doing And

Is the spirit of the organization a happy and easily sung. The voice range has Other Work

one with the joy of service actual and dombeen adjusted to suit amateur voices. Speech directors must not think that

inating? built in its story, romantic up The is aptheir classes the ended with work will of doing a which be work Are you you field secreRobinson, peal O. by W. for the the of with conduct one work all willproud good when whose One we lyrics of the M.I.A., tary and humor period a "should a year. attend They looks over stewardship? yourcrave high dramatic to fit modified our mto full often of as session each department

standards, will hold period possible interest with audias the class and afterSecretaries: Monthly Reports

alike. ence and players the give constructive suggestions to

Ceveraldifficultyof ourin stakeobtainingsecretariespromptlyhave freeA tocompleteM.I.A. stagegroupsguideproducingis furnishedthe basedteacher.uponTheseour standardssuggestionsforshouldspeech."be

ward montnly reports because of not opera. It contains a detailed descripIs one or more Special Interest groups

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

active in your Mutual? If there is a figures appear in the M. I. A. manual

lack of interest, the speech directors there has resulted some misunderstandshould suggest that a fine course would ing wherever this course of study has be Thy Speech Bewtayeth Thee or been read. Hence this brief attempt at

Theatre Arts and offer (modestly) to clarification.

help out with the work if there is no one the class prefers. There is nothing wrong with Dr.

The speech director should constantPopenoe's figures, based as they "are ly refer to Thy Speech Bewrayeth Thee upon the 1930 census, if we follow the in preparation of all assignments. same basis for calculating the number

Long before this reaches your eyes, of marriageable men and women. The

we hope that the assembly program for 1930 census reveals the following figJanuary 1 2 has been prepared and needs ures on marriage:

only the finishing touches to make it a NATIVE WHITE OF NATIVE PARENTAGE happy contribution. The dictionary

game can be instructive and entertainUTAH Total Single Percent ing. to (2024 Yrs.) 16.094 11,078 62.8

Yrs.) 11,865 28.5 3,380

1,226 9,656 (3034 Yrs.) 12.7 (DonxjL 25i (2525

43.1 (2024 7.020 Yrs.) 16.285

Gold and Green Balls GEORGE CARELESS, CHURCH COMPOSER B T2529 Yrs.) 1 1.747 1.804 15.4

As has been announced, a letter from A studysemblyof hisprogramlife andforworksJanuaryforms19 the as- (As (3034used byYrs.)Dr. Popenoe)9.304 724 7.8

the First Presidency contains the following concerning stake dances: the center grouping of flags into action NATIVE WHITE PARENTAGEOF FOREIGN AND MIXED

In compact stakes in which members of with a fan. Play the chorus of "The

wards can come together without traveling Star Spangled Banner."The dancers UTAH Total Single Percent

distances,long stake dances be held at remain the first may for in the V formation intervals indiassuch would judgment good four measures. turn and OT(0 (2529(2024 Yrs.)Yrs.) 5,4795.031 1,5523.976 30.872.6 They then

cate. Specifically we approve of your face the colors, boys salute, girls go s (3034 Yrs.J 5.531 803 14.5

theholding or harvest Thanksgiving 46.3 (2024 Yrs.) 5,545 2,565 outknee one with on and ball, down

festival, ball, and GreenGold dance 18.9 5,184 Yrs.) 980 colors. stretched to the arms look and of stake dances Gleanand two and 10.1 5.517 10au (2529(3034 Yrs.) 558 springM Men or04 the of the chorus, At the conclusion

ers.We commend every wise effort that you chestra again picks up the strain of, (As used by Dr. Popenoe)

can put forth to keep our young people "Beautiful Lady,"the boys extend their Totaling these figures of all native from the public dance halls. hands to their partners, who rise, and white people of native, foreign or mixed

The Gold and Green ball has become they walk around colors and off. parentage, we have the following

it that is possible suggest where We social definite institution in thea and Single Total assist in the orchestra the for the music liferecreational Saints of Latterday 22.015 (2034 53,656 Yrs) Males

floor numbers. popular show muThe great to with is looked forwardand 13,651 (2034 53,582 Yrs.) Females

anticipation as a thrilling social uplift. sic, "Sleepy Lagoon,"very usable for

allgirls'the dance, Waltz,""The Waft the within of floor This special same ages shows have numbers show Two in its already be included may for the reper20 8,364 general males unmarried prepared boards and 34,been more by toire.

use this year: "Beautiful Lady,"and than females.

is inlatter an Waltz."The"The Waft there that table above shows The

girls'it is all in that dancenovation an in are actually than more men women girls. six offor This or groups one more in levels listed conthe age and Utah

is in few. are timely year boys a when single single siderably than more men

It exhibition beautiful numwill a make if married Hence, men women. women

isber. waltz "Beautiful a numLady"there the of as themselves age same its for couples, for has fourber and

than be would more marriageable men presentof opportunityintroduction an Are There Enough tend to marry However, women. men girls charming four in a verying the Marriageable Men? so than themselves younger women patriotic in finishing of a andmanner

atmosphere. By Wm. E. Betvett that the number of twentyyear-old

the should with be compared women folthe finish please note For the for Tn manual level. of at the M MenGleaner older age an number men 1 is written in additionlowing to what 19421943, Endure, in formula Of Things That should Just what used be

the describingin the Supplement Dance following the quotation of Dr. Popenoe selecting levels these determines age

in colors of grouping adance. Make is cited 94) (p. the conclusions reached. Dr. Popenoe

It space. the dancing ofthe center that, statistically has contended speakis It is at that evident there glance a a green to in gold and well mix bemight ing, will the of twentyfive deficiency of marry or of men, men women, If colors. a national theflags with in state. states almost every western few his in the of but twentytwo, women aA surplus to placed electric fan could belarge is excess of bachelors; the have an and same table has age he used wider even an proper fluttering the at flagsstart the cities industrial true like Detroit, of few a his variation. data explains own He it effective. be wouldmoment, that industries hire support predominwhich in the following words: marriage on

( antly men. Popenoe, young MarModern is in the dance place only one There

that the grouping of colors on the floor riage, pp. 3839) I have taken all nativewhite, single

repreto as twentynine, twenty women in This is followed a the manual dance. by the with to interfere seemwould for the the present senting, purpose, maris statement: the exception to give an "Utah ladies is the in Part whereThat IV States. of the riageable United Most women

fiftyrule, at having present opgeneral only to in a star waltz andleft hands this are in group. the marriages of year each

posite partners. This can easily be six marriageable men per one hundred I have compared them with the group of

modified by the girls holding up their marriageable women."This conclusion "marriageable men"selected on the same

basis (native born whites) colors waltz incame table found from as they Dr. Popenoe'shands toward but of 1 the age

twentyfive to thirtyfour. groups other. to giving of his each on pagestead of hands 37 Marbook Modern

As the V for victory is formed on riage. (Continued on page 50)

the very last measure of the dance, stir As no further explanation of these a Popenoe, Modern Marriage, p. 3738

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

(Continued from page 49) The little booklet includes two pages of the boys and girls of the Explorer and the items from news ward; a birthday if least it is true that At a girl in Utah page Junior age. with the greetings to birthdays boys whose has is turned twenty unmarried, and

within the plus month, come a horoscope the provided figures census 1930 special still and personal touches; messages prevail, she that may between know the from bishopric, stake ward presidency,

her age and thirtyfour there own fathers are and (differof the and mothers boys three single about men for each contributing; umoiA. two ent ones to the various issues)

single girls. That should not be too an honor roll listing the names of the boys

discouraging. from the ward; a page for riddles, brain

teasers, puzzles and bits of sheer wit. Theme

illustrations are picture used a and cover of Basketball?What Girl to Junior

has been adopted. contest started Every was A Service Give War let Thirst the for a and name boys have responded us quote from the M Men

Handbook, "The General Authorialmost one hundred percent. It is to be HThis war has become an allabsorbing

in the December issue. -* preoccupation. ties have consented for the 1943 M Men announced

Basketball to tournament be a held on picture of will parents boy's each be A girls are everywhere and Women basis as usual."Churchwide his included with of the copy December activities giving social other and up

is number. committee The taking busy difficulties arising are that While less things of devote to importance these pictures the enjoying and contact with

it of out the war, that appearscome to spare time joy work. a war What the parents the of boys.

there will be a fine tournament at Salt and satisfaction will come to each girl

Lake City, March 10 to 13, 1943. The program was adopted to help the when she can feel that she has done her

bit. Frank Struhs writes from Los Angeles soldierfurther reaching.boys but resultsThe girlshavehavebeenfoundmuchit

in indicating spite that of condichanged visit to necessary the successful eveparents frequently have one had You tions the district California southern will in to order addresses keep to date in up and ning some began October when youcarry on. selected been to act as He has in so doing have friendships made new and definite project. prohope your We district supervisor. able to invite been to people out meetings fired that night so your and gram you

writes Arifrom Jack not Mesa, attending, have Cummard been who and a spirit girls that will leaders Junior you wantzona, will "In stake of Maricopa have brotherhood has promoted. we been

to right for to plan begin your now is I six teams,around better which than had hopes of. We expect the Division ThirThe Gleaners of Bingham Ward, second defense program, February 23. teen tournament to be held in Mesa this West Jordan Stake, have a similar projAnd you Junior girls—think what your

year."ect. The issue which came to the genbrothers, your cousins, your uncles, and

E. R. Budge, supervisor of Division Eight, eral board office contained the following perhaps your fathers, as well as your

writes from Burley, Idaho, "I believe that divisions: Short patriotic articles, boy friends, are doing for this great

our division can be represented."thoughts from poets, roll of honor, hucause. Don't let them down. Write

Regarding age requirements it is well to mor, and several clever drawings. letters to them. Nothing will give more

remember the paragraph under Eligibility, of an uplift than a cheerful, newsy letthe of 31page Handbook: Men ter home. from M in Those Defense the effort Because the For depleted has war

carefully given the suggestions Read in practically ofnumber every alert ward Men are Gleaners also to the HPhe M in the consult with manual, Junior and itof is the Church, that recommended ward girls of needs the in defense work, local Cross, or your your ReRed ward stakeand supervisors encourage over men it especially find difficult those to who lief re Society,the or of are 25, Church of your age the Welfa Spemembers who attend the meetings socials I. A. and M.cial Interest to try for group, the all places help people, of on are to working them

basketball team. because of working on shifts. The in this defense program.

Twentyeighth ward in Ogden solved

Some Ingenious Projects this by holding their comradery and Do not limit your efforts just to the

HThe blitz at Pearl Harbor changed in electionfast. of officers at a 7:30 a.m. breakoneprogrammed,remainingbutnightuse allwhichof yourhas sparebeen

a few hours the whole course of moments to help out in this emergency.

events in our nation and the social life You will be surprised at what you can of young women everywhere, but reaccomplish.

ports to the general have which come in our constant a with prayer And indicate the fcxpkfx&iA. thatGleaner committee

hearts, our frequent prayers and from in their are ingenious meetingGleaners lips, let petition us unite our faith, and the challenge times. the ofway this in Father to not allow our Heaven

The following reports are enthusiThe Important Age war to have been fought in vain, but astically passed on to the Gleaners that it will result in a greater love for throughout the Church with the sugHPhe new year promises wonderful each other among His children who gestion, "Go thou and do likewise."things for the group of boys fifteen dwell upon this earth.

The Gleaners of Mill Creek Ward, Cotto seventeen years of age. These young

tonwood Stake, are finding joy in meeting men can become the backbone of the of male in membership Mutual,their responsibility the the toward boys beScDUJLdu service. Fiftysix already have young cause of the men are gone so many MtheMen

left will the doubt and the no number ward their not debeen have and own ranks continue to increase. pleted.

representatives of the various At first it better Reregistration auxiliaries letters writing to each The boy at fifteen may find undertook boy, but as the number grew the task beto continue as a Senior Scout with the HPhe big subject before Scout commitfind boys. a of younger may He of troop almost impossible.came group So a tees, Scoutmasters, and I. A. M. the there helping useful place letter very to largergirls decided it a and make

executives is the registration troops. of issues copies. beenmimeograph have in his Four the work. with Scoutmaster Or

sent and the response from the boys and other boys of his age he may wish to A serious condition has become aptheir parents is assurance of its welcome. go into other forms of Senior Scout parent during the year. In Utah, acpriest the of high quorum hadThe ward cording to information national from Exploring. generally he But of the work, to the project given writingbeen Scouting headquarters, there has been drift or be allowed to drift. should not girls'of the but knowingboys undertaking

and the interest aroused, offered to finance One of the principal responsibilities of a decline of 1900 registered boys below the work. the M. I. A. executives is to look after the number at the same time last year.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

This requires resourceful and energetic that have been done in the past to make and become more helpful in solving her action. the boys proud to be members of the problems.

Church and to be Scouts and make

What must be done? Is it a matter parents happy to see their sons particiThe field of arts and crafts is rich

of leadership? pate in this boy activity program of the with opportunity to maintain high interest "afterholiday"and avoid any is to the bishops'bar There Church. no called been young have men Where lull. is things Creating with our hands this of evening, the as none use allowing into the service to or have gone work satisfying especially a experience, most organizations auxiliary have the of in industrial the centers, older must men are for given incentive proper when we it. for application made fill to used theirbe places. of Fathers creation. the accomplishment "A newScouts are for material always good girl"for well every slogan the might be

in their areScout hearts because work aaopteci the during BeeKeepers by theirthe progress of they boys and own of month January.

gladly help other boys at the same time.

Senior Scouts who have made advanceSymbolismment and know the techniques of Scouting give the imbe said of much cannot excellent aid to the older men MidYear Check Up npoo in their work. its portance of symbolism and

of comes the midyear II7ith coming it is presentation; the core which around lose not boys. must our Juve- * * We BeeKeepers. for time check up is built. entire wise our program One nile in delinquency doubled England the girls to begin new ready your Are not her BeeKeeper only encouragedduring the of the early years This war. schedule? Have with January's season girls in their to personal discriminate

here. of not boymust Defense occur last all been earned made? The awards selection, but she them symbol made is as as important phasehood any will activities winter's of half of our of be feel should evidence they show in. the struggle great are we if attractive begun only pleasant and live tried the symbol's to to having up

with an "upto-date"feeling. ideals before being worthy of wearAnniversary Week Let us check carefully the work coming it on their bands. The same care

HThe thirtythird anniversary of Amerpleted by our girls during the past three should be used in the selection and use ican Scouting begins on Saturday, months and make sure nothing of imof a swarm symbol. Until its meaning

February 6, 1943. Preparations must portance has been overlooked. It is becomes an active force within the

start at once to make this a colorful and appropriate, also, to take inventory of group, it is of little significance. Make

inspiring week. Where bishops desire the progress we, as BeeKeepers, have sure the meaning of all symbols orithey can give the evening of February made in understanding our adolescent ginates with the girls themselves rather

7 to the Scouting program with flag girls. A successful teacher makes a than to have them search for meanings

ceremony and all the delightful things constant effort to know each girl better in dictionaries and other books.

THE WORK OF THE SEVENTY

( Continued from page 43 of America a secret until the fulness of books and catechisms for children. In

Swedish Lutherans settled in Delatime."While America was settled by 1824, the Sunday School Union comware, Catholics in Maryland, and the the best elements of England and the posed of members of all denominations,

French Huguenots were scattered in European continent for the purpose of was organized, the object of which was settlements from Maine to Florida. making new homes in the wilderness, to promote the establishment of Sunday

These latter people have been called religion was responsible for the foundSchools, and to prepare manuals for "the children of the Bible,"a title righting of more colonies than any other Sunday School use.

ly deserved. They represented the best single factor. It has been pointed out At the close of the eighteenth century

French people "in moral and intellectual by Frederick J. Turner in his Frontier the Christian churches everywhere

vigor, and intellectual life."Of the in American History that the greatest were organizing missionary societies,

German protestants who came to Ameraccomplishment of America is the conand in 1796, the Presbyterian Church ica after 1680, there were Lutherans, quest of the continent, and the greatest formed its missionary society for the

Moravians, and Mennonites, who achievement of the American churches purpose of carrying the gospel to the founded Germantown in Pennsylvania. has been the extension of their work Indians. The Missionary Society of

The first Presbyterian Church organized westward across the vast stretches of Connecticut ( 1 798 ) was organized to in America was that of the Reformed the continent. After the American RevChristianize the heathen of North

nineteenth the early during olution and America, and by 1830 the American in 1628, Church ofDutch New York engaged all the century, churches were for Commissioners Foreign Board of colin all the settled Presbyteriansand onies, as did the Methodists. The in encouraging the study of the Holy Missions had the support of the Cherochurch at Jamestown was the English Bible, and the American Bible Society kees, Chocktaws, Osages, and other

church transplanted, and the Church of was founded in New York in 1816. noted tribes of the frontier. L. E. Y.

Tract in the 1825, American came, Then the of time the AmericanEngland by SUGGESTIVE of QUESTIONS support the AND sought Society, which of adherents hundredsRevolution had TOPICS it Interesting Christians everywhere. the arein true words America. How

1. is of the frontier Referring to to that the some note onevolume good onof Williams: Roger God "When

inhistory the find of States, IlUnited Indiana, and like states early Ohio, take people, must use hewould any formation topics: the following about called societies, linois, relief sometimes are."as theythem in A. B. Puritans England. The The established societies, were benevolent * * * Pilgrim Fathers. Quakers. C. The

cities. Following in and towns many Huguenots. E. D. French LuthThe RefProtestant the of beginning The of the Sunday custom Methodist erans. the F. facts concerning Some in discovery the andormation Europe

life of Christopher Columbus. in 1737, established Schools, Sunday contemporaneousof America were

2. the as of Discuss prophecy Nephi the ProSchools maintained by were writer, "Itevents. says one seems,"in XIII. found Nephi

"that a divine wisdom and controlling testant sects, and by 1816, societies 3. What outstanding point in this lessen

Providence had kept the very existence were organized for the publication of is of most interest to you?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

tense for a atmosphere. The supper MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

noisy, joyful affair. a was

( Concluded from page 44 h. Inhabitants to be those scattered

four quarters the gathered from and 47LESSON the earth the north of from and as Carl drove Later, Israel (Continued) of Gathering:The 1 3 1 1; countries C. ( Ether D. & silently reminisc- 1 33 her home, Vaudis

to return to the land of Jerusalem 2635) 3. Jews

(17; D. &C. 133:13) i. To be sanctified in holiness before ed. Tonight her pitiful success failed

a. Shall obtain deliverance there the Lord, to dwell in His presence to fill her with pride. She was one

b. Why the Jews were punished ( 222 forever (D. & C. 133:35) in thousands. Mildred was the imthe their restoration temple to be re- j. After and c. Jerusalem no more to portant one. Bert, For for her fambuilt (I the Savior scattered before be comes (286) Nephi 15:19; III Nethe one. only ily, she was of the d. trodden phi 20:2931, Gendown 33) To be

tiles, until the time of the Gentiles k. Prayer at Kirtland for the restoraOut of her memory came a story

fulfilled 21:24) (Luke she read had years 109:61- a the tion of young Jews (D. & C. ago—of shall to believe e. begin Scattered Jews 64) in the man spent had who weeks

(II to in Christ gather Nephi and to glorious great mission and 1. The mountains prospecting. came He 39:7) Palestine (163) just the of ahead down winter shall believe a as become many f. As

delightsome people Diiscuss storms only to find that his bags rebuilt, 1. Cite one of a holy city to be covenants Jerusalem the many g. pyrites. filled with the were In her mind

Israel. to gather scattered Lord (Ether the Lord unto has made 13:5)

still the picture was painted of him as he stood outside the brightly lighted of cold, the town; windows FOOL'S GOLD hungry, fingering fool's in the gold

(Concluded from page 19) dream of the day when we should his pocket.

alone. He was beside the piano now, be grown up?"Vaudis laughed. She A chill swept over her. "He should

and her fingers became unsure on turned to the sink and began cleanhave known what he was after,"she the keys. The song finished, she ing potatoes. "Remember all the mused aloud. But the chill lingered.

smiled and rose to leave the piano. things we were going to do?"She still thought of the boy outThe applause was insistent. "More, Mildred drew a stool up and sat side the warm windows, and shivmore..."beside her. "Life is too short for ered. Outside, like herself. She stood

She nodded and sat down again. everything. Being movie actresses is outside the windows of life, and her

But no more sentimentalizing. definitely out!"fur coat was not warm enough.

White Cliffs of Dover, Johnny "But you did marry Bert!"Suddenly she straightened. She

Doughboy, and Alexander's Rag- "And you did make something of stole a glance at Carl's strong proare somebody!"Milfile and knew what she must do.time Band were safe enough; and yourself—you

now everybody sang. dred countered. Their quarreling had all been so silAt twelve o'clock the party endVaudis shook her head. "Merely

ed, and Vaudis talked to Ed and a matter of opinion, my dear. I know The car stopped in front of her

Helen as she watched Carl usher someone who would challenge that house. "You know,"she said, "as

Susan out the door and into his car. statement."long as I can remember, I have "Vaud,"Mildred's voice became dreamed of being someone—someimportant."one confidential. "I've low and asked

'JLVIildreds was home "Yes,"he nodded, "you made to too. Carl supper, mind? you Do comfortable,simple with ample and that quite plain seven years ago hesitated only Vaudis a moment. six. their for of family Thereroom remember?"I'm here?""Does he know plants cushsofa housewere and a took breath. She deep eyes Her tell "I is visitdidn't him. Motherions, a piano along secondhand and his. before dropped said She had

I ing told to so Martha, him Aunt living the east of wallthe room. things that she things—terrible I to over here supper. come imagine lovely, "It's Mildred, you do how if never would of have thought he he'll suspect something. knows it?"Hedo not had her angry. so made had She I sisterfor always a wanted you didn't course, build of "Well, we only a to wanted years few see what inlaw."

it place; the house; withthe comes girl could she ambitions. laughed. Mildred's frankVaudis do—young it all will in eighteen years beand said things, too,"re- "You she ness as refreshing as Carl's was had inours."the old laughed goodShe minded. said "You no would man bitter. been "You're not a very substrangeness everynatured way, and five wait for years a been girl—it's tle matchmaker, Mildred."felt, first at vanished.Vaudis had seven.""I'm not a very subtle anything.

flushed. were "I There I didn't guess He know pies—lemon—coollike read a book. You can me

iting the screenedin on then. about I didn't much a know to point back porch; There's beating no my loafsavory in the oven. meat might forever."wait man about the bush."

I told "Mildred! you to not go to I'd "Carl, have sooner, back come Carl with Bert, came in When this."fuss aboutany I only I had to known. wanted slicing bread; Vaudis she if was

Mildred grinned. "What fuss? looked up and greeted him with the prove to myself that I could do someYou mean the pies? Our sugar card old friendliness, thus filing away thing. I only wanted a taste of anstill allows pie occasionally—and their differences as she would a other kind of life."

we're celebrating tonight; that calls closed account. "And I thought it would spoil you.

for two pies."The men washed on the back I was sure you would never be conThe two girls'eyes met. All the porch. The children ran in—the tent to be a farmer's wife. Wouldyears of their past friendship seemed baby woke up. In the confusion of you? Would you come and live—

to roll about them, drawing them washing children and getting them "In the little old house behind close again. to the table, of dishing up steaming your mother's? Oh, Carl, I'd love

"Remember how we used to bowlsful of food, there was no room it.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

THE MORMON STORY ( Continued from page 1 7 to write about people; and do no of hard, dangerous experience. Here

These are times that try men's souls; more than make little puppets dance men learned how men could live if

but they are also times that require at the ends of the tricky strings he they were sincere and brave enough us to reexamine our souls. pulls. Finally, he can seem to reveal to match their inspired vision with

v I wonder if, following the great us to ourselves; and do no more than the humdrum organization of their

period of outer crusading, Mormonflatter us with retouched portraits. daily life in common.

ismsading—foris not readya profoundnow forreexaminainner cruIf the writer refuses to see or pertheI goodsay thisof thetalerestneedsof tous. beThetold restfor

tion of its spiritual values; for a reverts what he sees, he will never beof us don't have to know about

assessing of both the strength and come what a writer should become. polygamy. That, so far as we are

weaknesses of the spiritual self in The authentic world will quickly concerned and so far as the hopes of a modern material world. Econompass him by. For somehow, there is a new world are concerned, is a dead

ically, geographically, socially, Utah a deep logic about the world. It issue. But this other thing is not a

is rapidly ceasing to be the Utah of has its slowmoving, but persistent dead issue. It is the livest issue in

the time of the prophets. It is movway of refusing to give permanent our present bewildered and agoning into an industrialized and urbanshelter to lies. The writer who canized world.

life ized that order of already has his materials with not honest be last seeing at are "gentiles"We its cast rest the over of shadows the writer. live as a long simply cannot to learn to shall how have that we world. the Latterday Are Saints literary slag the heap ends on He is no together. There live decently finding capable their of about way hasbeen. a this. The from escape longer any in this world? new Has Mormonism if that illusion... century nineteenth I the over looked have As gifted with them the the wit enand

ergy to hold on to the old but also writings that have come out of this each of us was energetic enough in take care selfinterest, his would breathland of sharp God to wisely contrasts—of be hospitable to the new?

illutragic all the of us, most of was doggedheroisms taking and quiet

I feel that this is a time psywhen entertained. ever the has race sion nesses; and forward of marchings chological sociological insight and that see to what spiritual fervors begin we settlings of now down; We should flowering be the among Morliv- is of I technique learn a to failed have practical have sense and—mons. amazing experiment An was inditogether. ing decently to of vivid story find the to what my We undertaken people. an amazing by have proudly of greatest we the has been mind own vidualists—how it? amazing was Amazing How to learn I that how adventures. used have Mormonism's word—have in enough, to the 1940's, now make society shot through a it to there from change in here pieces and found alert of them capable and handling soto competition a destructive fugitive parawith sentences, a in a few

... life in quite to ways, even new constructive coopinspired ciety nevby scholarly graph, a chapter—but the factory into welcoming worker eration. emphasis unity the proud er and with a life? generous order of community

I deserves. great adventure that the the only are Saints Latterday The it for only the older amazing was Or building comthe of adventure in mean that have America of people group of the the days covered and wagon

life clashing in of of world a munity experisuccessful long a and had hut; for skin"the the sod white and

I 3 adventhe individualisms. mean cooperation. in community We, ence offspring help farmer? of the To in a togetherness affirming of ture schools in through world, out my their pioneers to function brave see "competition,"shrieked that built world politics, have business and and in this different should so be world

fittest,"devil "the of the "survival indiof habits the into people our of of those prime would aim who

I the unthe hindmost."take mean inbuilt success. have vidual You... write the about Mormons. of heterogeneous spectacle believable of habits comthe to people your his funcparticular In choosing that heteroproving beings human concern. munity tion, badly. the writer perform can unity; into could welded geneity be tell us to you how have need in his vulgar can cheap be and We He individuals selfishness of the that reit. can't Perhaps did we you artificial his in laughter; romance; of into sense a transformed could be simthe history. Perhaps peat your In in his adventure. preposterous that obligations; homecommunity is village the of pattern ple Mormon literature short, write escape he can heretics Godinspired of less bands inthis for complicated simple too sullied unrethat sends us and back lovely into firm built a and could be have dustrial age. you But may to pretend freshed. Again, can he

understand the heartache and the society. things to say to us that we may profitdespair of our world and do no more That grand adventure needs to be ably consider. I grant you that the

than hand out delusive platitudes told. I find it a pity that the outer "gentiles,"on the whole, have no use

that hide from us the truth about world knows practically nothing of for Mormons. They still think of

ourselves. Or, taking up the more it. The outer world associates Morthem exclusively in terms of plural

difficult task, he can pretend to see monism with polygamy and turns wives. That is why I want this othfar beyond the seeing of the average thumbs down on the whole Mormon er tale told—told with vivid, draman and woman; can talk big about adventure as an ugly misadventure matic power—so that the outer world

a glorious future; and do no more in fanaticism. My few weeks in may know that the very essence of

than hide the hard road that lies Provo, among friendly and intellithe Mormon adventure has lain in ahead of us all. Again, he can seem gent people, have taught me much; the deep conviction, worked out inpractice, daily that human beings this, chiefly but tale to that here is a

negroes were in the first company of pio2Three gladly together, to live learn must that told needs to for the be good neers. (Ed.)

Dr. Willard were professional too—3There men Spencer of the rest of us. Here something and skilfully, for mutual enrichment. writer scientist Orson Richards, Orson Pratt,

farmed gifted other and who ripe women men many—and has been proved. a more a time Here way of There never was

life. their eyes of But the only because way page on 54) anvil (Concluded the out on life was hammered stars. (Ed.) but sod, the on the not itonwas were

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

THE MORMON STORY (Concluded from page 53) out our selfcentered individualisms think, lies the greatest contribution for this kind of telling. A world—cleared them out completely—and you can make to a world that is now

that has built the wrong kind of habhave built into ourselves the convicin difficult transition. Mormonism

its and outlooks needs to know how tion and the habit of communal livhas a past that may yet be a guide better habits and outlooks are to be ing. to our American future. It is up to

built. For there will be no reconThis, then, is my chief plea to the you, to the writers, to make this come

structed world until we have rooted writers of the Mormon storv. Here, I true.

MEAT AS HUMAN FOOD

(Continued from page 15) and for the growing child especially, on the liver and kidneys, (4 ) a tendtotal the 15 percent of calories child of the proteins are to acidosis since to sure a full share be one must ency should be protein in in milk, of it tends protein other formers, acid and (5) total 10 percent the of calories the of forms—asget

14 health lessened cheese, cottage other eggs, to cause and and other adult should ways protein be in lentils, nuts. beans, peas, or In every overindulgence vigor. and An

of if only onethird that ten Then protein there should meal proteinrich be some is bound to be foods16 it percent protein should be animal meal. the or in time. for dinner main more harmful

easily that estimated only bemay is dinner for not served meat of When series tells a of Dr. Sherman onethirtieth of the should food be proteinrich there meatshould a be Rose, by performed experiments proteinanimal dithat be and may its substitute to take place. There the in which Bisbey and MacLeod,vided the between muscle meat and little in are taking too prodangers ( 1 furnished diet ) the of was protein the animal milk, derivatives—eggs, tein. lead to stunted This ) entiremay almost meat, entirely by ( 2 cheese, while the otherand two- a lessening vigor growth, a of and ) a entirely by ( almost ly by milk, 3 thirds the of protein requirement susceptibility diseases. certain to milk. This of mixture bread and source. vegetable from comemay

All the rest of the ninetenths of the Dr. Bogert states it as indicated was done in such a way that the profood should be from the other food in the spirit of the advice given in tein was about equal in each case.

classes. the Word of Wisdom: After watching the results and evaluSome difference between a picture teinIt seemsis takenprobablein the thatformif mostof milk,of thecheese,proatingthat "thethemproteinscientificallyof milkitandwasthatfoundof

of the above amount of meat which grains and other vegetable products, while bread and milk mixture proved measis that ordinarilyshould eaten be within moderate of eating kept and the meat efficient the urably than promore is intestinal otherwise hygiene bounds and 17 in theserved hotel or restauaverage tein of meat."to will worry there need promoted, be norant, in today! and homes many Usill liberal level effects moderately a on about excesstates that Dr. McCollumually large serving of a (roast meat individual the of and protein consumption is sive eating protein of dangerous. entireor steak) rethe almost covers too off better will much than be when

15 that is general agreement "There intake. stricted protein to asplate tiny half while a potato a and

excessive meateating into tends string small (ordozen other beans 18 takthe against later warns She if duce injury kidney prolonged."vegetable) are served small with a states protein and ing too of much Again: lettuce of for salad!wedge diet in the that American average

proteins, Meat they serve as when the it is Since feasible to eat not such is to there eat too a tendency much sole source of in protein the diet exof an isa small serving of as meat recomlittle perimental protein. too rather animal, than especially the muscle

at a mealmended one day it would little proteins, meat higher have biological eaten, one must meat is be When value than have to proteins. vegetable eat wiserseem many servordinary an

is that careful there always ample are, proteins muscle The however, exceping or of 8 6 or three ounces two vitaminmineral-containing tionally rich in the basic and in acids, aminotimes anicereal proteins are which relatively most especially food, vitamin B withmal poor. diet, of the a component mixed As derivatives—eggs,weekly. In summer,milk—withthe of grain products whole and plenty

proteinsthe muscle vegetable supplementary have a good beans, fruits water. Vegetables proteins—peas, and must relation to proteins, vegetable increasinglentils, the place take nuts—should plentifully that there also so eaten their utilization be reason of making by good fleshof or protein meat. meat When. their deficiencies. are There no sound in will to bulk the food promote be

is "in daily of served times winter against arguments meateating.. moderate. health. bowel

It is, it coldor or however, a famine"abundantly should demonstrated be very that diets derived foods vegetable fromsmall health's sake. portion—for Disadvantages has Meat if alone physiologically be adequate, may there proHowever, be must ample the selection of foods is a one; wise and

It stressed that while meat must betein other sources. foods from it that diets to excellent prepare is easy

19 supplemented with milk, A Warning takenis a desirableto excessproteinit doesfood,haveyetdisif ofor vegetablemilk and origineggs.

A very definite warning must here tinct disadvantages, physiologically Chaney and Ahlborn state that:

be given: The diet must provide its speaking. Most authorities agree Experimental work on animals as well

full quota of protein every day if one that the disadvantages of the high as clinical investigations have indicated arteriosclerosis, disorders neas that such It diet excessive meateating for protein or be well. is imperativewould

constipation and may result from 20 listed child ( 1 ) a tendency also for rethe growing as may be and feeding. protein tohighphritis,

pair tissue adult. in the of wornout putrefaction. ward intestinal

187 186, (2) a lbid..

the protein not mustAs stated, be stimulation of metabolism disadvan17Sherman, Chemistry of Food and Nutrition, p. 232

meat only. Where meat is not eaten, tageous in hot weather, (3) a strain p. McCollum.12 Food, Nutrition and Health (1934),

19lrving Fisher, and M.D., Emerson, Haven M.D.,

"Bogert, "Boaert. Nutrition and Physical Fitness (1941). 166. 167. (1938), To Live pp. Nutrition and Physical Fitness (1941), How

184p. p. 186 Ahlborn, and Chaney 103, 104 Nutrition, pp.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

MEAT AS HUMAN FOOD A sterner indictment against meatfamiliar with the physiology of their specialThe timehonored"strengthgiving"traditionpropertiesthat meatand thathas eating to excess is voiced by Dr. own bodies. meateaters show greater courage and inHenry Smith Williams, practicing Here are the words of a modern itiative, have no foundation whatever. Meat

has physiologist: books authorphysician and of many no special29 properties which make it indispensable. health. In his book andon science Proteins are rather wastefully utilized by

Drugs Against Men he states that the body, and a point for the vegetarian is It is because of its appetizing flavwrong eating habits, specifically that there is less wastefulness with cereal or and the fact that its protein is proteins. proteins than with meat is A pracstarch, of sugarovereating and easily handled that meat is used so is tical in in or that hot weather, outcome a to the than bodymore injurious extensively. proteins a tropics, to the should the be cut

in alcohol; indulgencemoderate vegetable and and minimum

for substituted to excess animal protein. is worsethat meateating protein2"practically Meat for Children

overeating of starch andthan chilthat Again, listen to an American emphasized be It mustsweets.

of firstchemist: extra amount an need dren

alcohol lifeshortener, then, a mere As their for fat, provide or protein, to carbohyeither protein class Eating claim cannot perhaps andhas monopoly no is protein, followed particularly drates, but But how development. and growth allied the carbochemically overprecedence in the production heat of increase an by protein""firstclass that of It starch. even cannothydrates, sugar much and helps, free set thus the heat extra and body

(in with opinion) is competeremotely conanother my This meat? be should is This the to warm. course, of body keep

I diet. the of have constituents proteinthe be meat point: Should troversial of eating that the meat reason much one

the opinion mere (no expressed timesmany in be but winter agreeable may be numay children? Some young fed to I 24 that meatassure estimate, you)haphazard in heating"summer. "too found it fed be that tritionists claim may with connection excess, in througheating

that overwhelm maladies or broththe degenerative meat as scraped to infants fact furththis explains Bogert Dr.

population, the adult of partthe major life day. Othevery throughout and rise in the metabolstating that by does, er alcohol illness thancauses far more the is it to injurious that claim calories pro-.ers of after taking 100 ism lives.21 far more shortensand

tein is very much greater than when young child.

This is a stern reminder for those taking the same amount of other food Every parent, especially every well. states this herself be on would He inform shouldwho or mother, percent furthclasses, to 40 amounting

25 brain, give crownman's the that best toer it is on how subject and know output. of energy 140 calories

ing glory, and his nervous system Dr. Rose makes a similar explanher child the start it needs for a long

that alcohol works its deadly harm ation. She states clearly that the life of health and vigor.

and therefore should be abolished. consumption of much protein, espeDr. Rose has much to say on this

cially meat, in hot weather not only subject. She tells of a series of exof Misleading Beware but causes great discomfort

Advertising also may26 ofperimentsrats wereongivenrats in100whichpercentone wholegroup health."menace to "a real become

the milk and and whole bread inwheat in the facts Prophet mind these was Undoubtedly keep must One meat. muscle and bread group other

all in in this othclever statement spired as the besieged being bywhen thrived group"milk and "bread The little trainparties, technical ers, or for interested he had ofadvertising till twentyfirst the reproduced and lines. that Indeed, ing these enthusiasts, most along misinformedfrom last members the generation and vitasince its rich this of for has come knowledge eaten be mustpork and more vigorous—larger his that must day. meat content, andmin B began ones the who werestronger—than inliberally from every day eatenbe and "bread experiment. The the Vigor for Overestimated Meat it vitacontains because to agefancy period for a thrived group"meat proetc. have etc., must itmins, One that time thought one was At in to years about two corresponding

tein and vitamins every day, yes, meat was necessary for one doing a human life when they sickened and but not as meat. Eggs and milk and heavy work; that it was especially died, and there never was a second

cheese, as has been shown, have just required for athletes and those under generation! Dr. Rose concludes:

as good proteins, and in many ways heavy stress. It has been found,

better, than meat, while wheat germ however, that the protein requireSince meat is of no special value for and yeast are much richer sources ment of the body is not related to growth(as it willwhenbe thewithdieta goodis adequatesupplyinofproteinmilk)of vitamin B than pork and22 have the work done—the man doing heavy there is not much room for it in the diet of

none of its disadvantages. work requires no more protein than the young child after suitable amounts of

cereals fruits, eggs, have and vegetables, the one in sedentary hardlife. The use and be informed One must is that there danger provided, and been far working man requires machine the finest in feeding its will flavor, higherwisdom make these meat, with more27

less attractive, just as foods seem blanderon earth—his own body! energy foods rather than proteins.

to do. 30 tends sugar

Dr. Mottram states: Meat in Winter Only The idea that meat promotes energy above One explanation of this result is

There are those who insist on meat all foods is a myth that lingers on. Possibly that meat proteins are far more apt

in folk lore, the old its roots has some myth in the bowels putrefaction to cause winter, who day, andevery summer scientific for the if there ground, was proteins. milk or vegetable than do ever28 of modern processesstate that the it, for disappeared ago. years any are deputrefactive changes These in the notrefrigeration known wrere

Prophet's day, hence his caution reDr. Bogert says practically the cidedly injurious to bodily wellgarding eating it only in winter. This same thing: being. A point to be stressed is that

is a confession that they are not 23Mottram, Food and the Family, p. 76 (Continued on page 56)

p. 216 28Mottram, the Family, and Food 37 21Sherman, p. Health (1941), and Food

p. (1941), 2Bogert, Fitness Physical Nutrition and 2-"Bogert, Fitness, (1941), 'and Physical Nutrition 22 p. Against Drugs Men,

92 172 p. approxicontains of chop hundred pork grams 21—OneWilliams.

see 210: wRcse, p. (1940), the Family. Feeding 120 2Rose, p. (1940), the Feeding Family one vitamin units International B, while 180 of mately

172. p. (1941), also Health Sherman, and also 55 27Ibid., 119; Food p. Nutrition, see p. Eddy, units. 1,200 contains of gramshundred wheat germ

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

MEAT AS HUMAN FOOD (Continued from page 55) scientists of the age one may ask the the tendency toward this effect is far question again: Was the Prophet

greater in the young child than in Joseph Smith inspired when he gave the adult. Dr. Rose explains it thus: the Word of Wisdom to the Church

and the world? The answer is yes

lacks fact the calcium that meat Besides have yes! He must it is—decidedly, to essential growth, vitamins, so and

for inspiration, most spoken through than intestinal putrefaction liable to more milk, and hence is a less desirable source of of these truths regarding the chemprotein, for the products of putrefaction have istry of nutrition were not known at health. effect deleterious a upon The or tittle""jot time. tendthat by one Not

greater to be to appears them produce ency advice on timely his brief but could persons, in older child than in the young children of three or four showing more signs meateating be changed to fit the of putrefaction on a diet of which meat is a newer knowledge of nutrition today.

six, of and children than part regular do here authorities of the While some chilthan likely so in to do these turn more in the use of meat advocate the quoted will feeding cause eight. of dren Milk

of their other parts and their menus the to disappear so of putrefaction signs of milk. with the consensus general again is decidedly advantage yet the 31 books,

scientific opinion on this subject is adults, for this even reason For intelligent presented. The here as

living for a sedentespecially those that adguided by be person must is cerlife, of meat a liberal use ary rational the most seems vice which is to undesirable, tainly "bound and full 82 of wisdom. and

in time."harmful be

it corroboration is striking Indeed

Again Dr. Rose explains: that many of the modern scientists

use almost the Prophet's very words.

inthat thought was meat to It used be scientist of a famous Dr. Mottram,

iron. for also protein for dispensible and says: England, London, equalproteins are that milk we know Now

socalled that efficient for and ly growth source of as is a chiefly value of Meat is to anything more not due "milk anemia"and vitamins fat containing protein, and A additional and of copper some lack than a it in to is, use wise It however, D....

in vegegreen supplied iron can be which cheese and substitute to and moderation 37 apricots as fruits such certain tables and it possible. for wherever milk

whole and pineapple, egg yolk and wheat,83 reasons. for other are also valuable which Other scientists use his exact

should be "eaten words: Meat Dr. Sherman states that a child that if Dr. Bogert says sparingly."

fed mainly on cows'milk with eggs there is the slightest tendency to the other cheese cottage and be "should one kidneys weakened requirements his for energy foods very foods protein eat OLD CHURCH and cautioned to 6 of surplus is to receive "a safe sure says: 84 she Further sparingly."'

efficient form."highly protein in

liberal supply of a Without milk, sizeIt shouldthe possiblenot be illnecessaryeffects ofto overempha-low or high child beof a the feeding however, in to counsel moderation order diets protein foods. 30 BOOKS proteinrich eating to in respect indeed problem, comes a difficult

as much for the lack of calcium found Another authority says: WMTEH in the milk as for its protein content.

its library of referFor enlarging Some believe it is sensible to eat protein ence works, "THE IMPROVEMENT Dr. Bogert makes similar claims sparingly since a smaller amount is sufficiis is the excess interested equilibrium; in purchasing maintain ERA"ent to that diet. for children's She states

of earlier copies the waste Church as fuel used and five merely 40products before be given should not publicameat cations including kidneys. the eliminated be by must

to seven years of age and then a very

THE MILLENNIAL that one nutritionists agree While portion, STAR small not more85 than two or protein, yet take too little JOURNAL not OF DISCOURSES must three times a week.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dr. Rose claims that until a child a "moderate protein40 intake is genTIMES AND SEASONS is eight or nine years old meat should erally advised."

is "in term used moderation"The diet regular in his significant included and other be Church not in of instances instead "sparsome books quantity small very then a only is ingly,"the but the same. meaning

It day. ounce, a one over once Write or phone and—not is wise statement summary A displace to allowed should never be

86 of Dr. by London Mottram made The it. milk, to supplement merely

Improvement The Word of Wisdom Inspired University:A vegetarianism which permits the use of

milk, butter, cheese and eggs comes nearall ideal, In of that has namely, to the allround mixed been said est view an Era fulfils of the of the desiderata diet and nutritional the leading of by some 41 most 50 North Main Street physiologist.

Salt Lake City, Utah 31Rose, Feeding the Family (1940). pp. 210, 211

Bogert, Nutrition and Physical Fitness (1941), 37Mottram, Food and the Family, p. 216

38Bogert, p. Fitness (1941), 187 Nutrition Physical and give dates, names, and volume 33Rose. p. 211 187 p. (1940), the Family Feeding conditions of numbers and books 39Bogert, Fitness (1941), Nutrition 34Sherman, p. 237 and Nutrition, and Physical Chemistry of Food

offered.:i5Bogert, Nutrition and Physical Fitness (1941), p. 186

p. 453 *Chaney and Ahlborn, Nutrition, p. 98

30Rose. Feeding the Family (1940), p. 220 Mottram, Food and the Family, p. 52

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

Meat as Human Food Meat is not forbidden in the Word of Wisdom but it should be eaten Church History For Special Interests only in cold or famine and then "sparingly."All that modern nutritionists could add would be the A new book—A soulstirring, human interest

caution that when meat is not eaten, approach to Church History.

other proteinrich foods must be taken to supply the protein need.

Those who are wise today will heed the Prophet's advice as given in the inspired Word of Wisdom over one hundred years ago. Only

then may42 they claim the promised rewards:

18. all And remember saints who to keep Events of His Time"theseand sayings, do walking in obedience

to the commandments, shall receive health By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

in their navel and marrow to their bones;

19. And shall find wisdom and great With chapters by

treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasRULON S. WELLS and ANNE WELLS CANNONures;

20. And shall run and not be weary, and

shall walk and not faint. Published privately by

21. And I, the Lord, give unto them apromise, that the destroying angel shall pass PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

by them, as the children of Israel, and not and distributed by the Deseret Book Company slay them. Amen. (D. & C. 89:1821)

Doctrine and Covenants, section 89:1821 "It is interwoven in my character never

to betray a friend, or a brother, my country,

The Mormon Incentive my religion or my God."

(Continued from page 16) (Daniel H. Wells)

simple. The original leaders not only

declared the doctrine of brotherhood; Follow such a personality through the soultesting

they the arranged which it was to be practiced—condiconditions under drama of Mormonism from Joseph Smith to Hebertions tough enough that people either J. Grant and you see LOYALTY at its human best.

stuck together or perished. Faith

$2.50 postpaid*and plain human fear—each has

played its part in holding the group together.""But people who began, throughstark necessity, to share their reDESERET BOOK COMPANY sources learned, in the end, to like to 44 East South Temple Street theirshare resources?"

"To a considerable extent that has Salt Lake City, Utah been so."Then, with a wry smile Advance mail orders will be filled as fast as the book

"Odd, isn't it, when you come to comes from the press.

think about it? Most Americans have *Add 2% sales tax in Utah.

seemed to argue that a condition of stark need dictates selfishness, and that generosity is a sort of bypro- duct of good times—something you

get around to when you can forget yourself for a while and still stay alive. We Mormons have looked at *j{,round the cftrestde

the problem in reverse. Our leaders

had the idea that a condition of stark Thrill to the story of a great mother whose influence need could be used to force us to is still being felt for good.

work together, so that we'd learn to like to work together. I suppose the

hope was that certain forms of self- o/fi the (gospel I Let ishness would come to be regarded as intolerable long before there was by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

of easing that they'dany our lot—so

to continue intolerable seem when IMPROVEMENT ERA good times should come along."141 pages $1.25 50 No. Main St.

"Well... have they?"Salt Lake City, Utah

(Continued on page 58) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE THE MORMON INCENTIVE STATE 1481 SOUTH (Continued SALT LAKE'S page 57) from OUTSTANDING MOTOR that the known even by his work and COURT thoughtful, Dr. Lloyd looked turnStrictly Modern least fortunate New and given is to be a chance

Air ing Conditioned his pencil in his fingers. slowly Summer—Automaticto work. ally FurnHeated in Winter—Beautifullyin "I don't think can anyone answer Floors Colored ished Carpeted With and In third the place, there is the conFree Radios Showers, that yet. question Industrialism has viction that will feeling a communal BEST BETTER THE HOTELS Tile THAN

FOR LESS been long postponed out here. Only be most strong if there is a communal

now is our Mormon community beproperty-stake. This conviction is

ginning to feel the full impact of it perhaps best shown in the working and it would be a rash prophet who of the Welfare Plan. This is a parsay, at this point, would just efwhat ticipating every in which plan—one

will fects industrialism have upon of the community member can have

THE ADVERTISERS our communal habits. I think, howproductive part. Thus, also, theya

in together a relationeffort individuals and Where You Will Find ever,viction:thatwewearecanfortunatesay this inwiththeconex- shiphave broughtof common

Their Messages treme to come up against industrialfrom all economic levels. In a day

ism with habits bred by communalof far too many social cleavages, it ism."would seem to be a wise and wholeAlexandria Hotel 35

This point that Dr. Lloyd made some thing for banker and janitor to

AllisChalmers 6 turned the conversation back to work together at the same apple tree.

Beneficial Life Insurance Co where it had started—to the quesIt is significant that a "planned soBack cover tion of whether or not socialized livciety"became a fact among the Moring had taught the Mormons a wismons before it had become even a Bookcraft 39

dom that other groups could borrow. phrase to the rest of the country. Not

Brigham Young University 7 For agreement was quickly reached only was there community plan in a Continental Oil Company 61 on one vital point—namely, that the geographical sense, but there was

whole world experiencing is now in time sense. a plan community Crescent Manufacturing Company something of the incentive to same that might Problems of need come 39 (Mapleine)

unity that originally inspired the up next year or the year after were

Deseret Book Company 57 Mormons. as much to be accounted for in presDeseret News Press 62 However vaguely, people everyent planning as those immediately at

where now appear to feel that the hand. No Mormon institution, perFels-Naptha Soap and Soap

Chips 8 whole race has to be recognized as haps, is more deserving of study by one. And everyone is afraid. Again, the nonMormon world than is the

Fischer, J., & Bros 4 but on a far wider scale this time, it storehouse plan—whereby the comGlade Candy Company 35 is becoming evident that people have munity maintains a basic supply of

Globe Grain & Milling Co 1 soonto stickas togetherthat becomesto survive;evident,and theas notnecessitiesonly by thatlocal canpeoplebe drawnbut by otherupon

Gospel Net, In the 57 Mormon experience takes on new Mormon groups anywhere within Gospel Standards 61 meaning—even for nonMormons. practical reach.

The might be Mormons looked upon thing seem Another the Mormons

Hall's Canker Remedy 7 as already knowing, through long to the beginning: from have known

Heinz, H. J., Company 3 practice, many skills and insights that people who must work together

that others are now admitting their should have a chance to play toInternational Harvester 59 need to know. gether. Unlike many other religious

KSL Inside back cover Here Dr. Lloyd became specific groups that have had to maintain

L.D.S. Business College 4 about what the Mormons have themselves against opposition, the

learned. Mormons have believed in laughter.

Morning Milk 38 They have learned that even rural They have believed in gaiety—in

Mountain Fuel Supply Company people should arrange to live near games, dramatic performances,

Inside front cover enough together to have social and dancing, song. In their ward halls

Old Church Books 56 civic experiences in common and to they have made space provision for have central institutions that belong play, and in community recreation

Palace Hotel 56 to all and that are kept up by the efhalls. Thus they have lessened the

Purity Biscuit Company 1 forts of all. The Mormon village danger both of an overstern criticalof their own groups and Recreation in the Home 36

beenjoyment-cleavage plantion—anwas itselfarrangementa great socialwherebyinvennessa toowithinsharp

Royal Baking Company 35 farmers could live in a residential tween generations.

Tea Garden Products 37 community rather than on their own land with empty acres between them 'T'he visitor, well satisfied with what

Traveler's Motor Lodge 58 and could go back and forth to their the interview had yielded, and

Union Pacific Stages 35 farms to work. not wishing to take too much of a

too, thing, they Another have time, rose and man's busy to leave—

that social Utah Engraving Company 35 learned: respect must be final questo put then one paused

Utah Oil Refining Company 5 something to be won only by useful tion: How does the communal traincontribution. There must not be ing of young people fit them for the

Poultry Producers'Coop- Utah of life is illusion to that the aim any they go experiences they meet when erative Association 36 idleness. that achieve This means world? into the out nonMormon

even the most fortunate is to be (Concluded on page 60)

FREES of weaker fibre have come and gone but life is strong and vigorous in the ancient pine. In the end it too must fall

but the time is not yet. Anchored to the

mountainside, battered and tossed for generations by the elements, it will see another season through... and still

another. Lesser trees have yielded to

the years, but this one has what it takes.

In mankind also, and in the relationships of humankind, we may seek out these differences.... It is much the same

with the machines men build. Only in

the degree that men will it so, can there be in their machines a measure of enduring life.

PHOTOGRAPH BY JOHN KABEL

in the Things We Cannot Replace IsWhat Counts NOW

QUALITY and ENDURING LIFE

Only two summers ago we of Internawill be a year to be grateful for enduring manufacture—"Quality is the Foundation

tional Harvester,and youwho use so many life, wherever you may find it, in the tracof Our Business."Emblazoned over the enof the farm machines we build, could not tors and machines you have—for they trances of our plants, it is the watchword

have seen the full meaning of the situamust take the load and do the job. Milof the men who build McCORMICKtion that now faces Agriculture. lions of you will now put to the final test DEERING and INTERNATIONAL.

the materials the that and workmanship in the past, Always when bumper This will year of you have many need built of Interhave into been each product prospect,crops in called were you have of is every of the ounce that good wear national Harvester. has brought one Each tractorfor of abundance an power and

.. in Harvester your will machines.. You of generous a to you quality—measure an the farm equipment, and equipmentnew

also, need, of faithful have the services of faithful reflected to value in peradded be it. suppliedindustry This year, has as

manpower shortage threatens the food formance. In the long run, always, this the International Harvester dealers. They

production that is vital to the nation's quality has paid out. And now, suddenly, can help you work wonders with the old

life, few of you can buy new machines. it is precious beyond any price. machines you would in normal times be

discard. to is ready Their service your isIt plowshares, swords, not and that piece that of usable every equipNow mainstay now. Your their problems are first call steel. have onmust see season ment another through, must

problems. are They to pledged see you

lies year that will be ahead a time The rule set the we remember century a down until through, such time equipas new toilof as such reason to Americans had ago the by Cyrus McCormick—"Build

all.believe would not be their lot again. It Best We Know How!"We are grateful ment may be available again to

will be a year of new pioneering... and to a later generation of management for International Harvester Company

Victory and peace will be the goal. It the watchword of International Harvester 180 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

zona; Grant Ware Hodson, Ogden, Utah;

Utah; OrOgden, Greenwell Hodson, Ruth INCENTIVE THE MORMON

vill City, Merrell, Elliott Utah; Jr., Brigham (Concluded from page 58) not least, he has learned to think and City, Idaho; David Meyers, Sugar Minnie

Dr. Lloyd's face lighted up. "All talk without embarrassment in the E. Tanner, Grouse Creek, Utah.

the evidence points to our young area of human ideals. Naturally, Northern California: Fanny Amelia OleOleson, Charles Clearfield, Utah; son, Oley fitting in intopeople's they wherever a he first goes nonMor- go when

Burley, Clearfield, Sohm, Utah; Roy Rex Le friction disemotionalwith less adhas minor he and mon community, Idaho.

turbance than the average young justments to make. But I doubt Northwestern States: James Lewis JohnAmerican. whether any young people in the son, Preston, Idaho; Ewart T. Lee, Thatch-

"And why should it not be so?"country have had a better chance to er, Arizona; Glenn La Velle Massey, Anahe continued. "Here is exactly be whole personalities than have conda,Ogden, Montana;Utah. Laurence D. Saunders,

where those skills come in that you our own."Southern States: Max Gordon Birch,were asking me about—those habits The telephone rang. With the Salt Lake City; Ada Bluth, EI Paso, Texas;

that are in the blood of our people gracious tone of a person used to fine Ella Bradley, Moroni, Utah; Raymond WilFritch, Salt liam Dean Lue Lake City; intobefore they adulthood. reach spoke Lloyd Dr. Rethinking, Arizona; Snowflake, it: Flake, Moroni Theron

that there in about every one Yes, "Yes.... I'll bemember of our young Hall, Arizona; Eager, Grover Lamro

people has learned from childhood ten minutes."Hoopes, Thatcher, Arizona; Clair Weaver

to stand up and say his say when The imperative schedule of UniHull, Preston, Idaho; Wilford Gordon Hunter, Francisco, California; Jesse Lloyd Santhere is something

Jensen, Ogden, Utah; MoulHeber Jameshas learned ton, Heber, Neeley, Powell Utah; to give—richon his ormind.poor, Hehe versitytion to workan end.broughtManythethingsconversahad Raymond

has given his tithe to the common been left unsaid. Many relevant Salt Lake City; George Kimball Nelson,

exchequer. He has learned to give questions had not even been asked. Tucson, Arizona; Keith Maurice Peterson,

City; Pickett, Salt Gunnison, Lake V. Owenthe labor left of his office feeling therevisitor the the But hands—and City, Prisbrey, Paul Utah; Cedar Johnfore to respect in the labor of other that certain peothe comUtah; Mormon Salt City; Bernice Shea, Dastrup Lake Wilple's hands. He has learned to work munity could be found resources of liam Edward Shea, Salt Lake City; John

Sivell Smith, Idaho; Allen Grace, project Thorpe of socialon with people habit a common and understanding—reSalt City; Stewart, Standing, L. Closs Lake all levels. ages and economic as has scarcely sources tapped He yet—that Dennis Fairview, Vernal Utah; Wardle, the habitlearned planof longrange might well be drawn upon Amerby Pocatello, Miles Idaho; Ben Webb,ning—of living beyond the happy or ica in this time of perplexity and soUtah. Myton,

the troubled moment. And last but cial reconstruction. SpanishAmerican: Hazel Anderson, Arbon, Idaho; Lois May Gardner, Blackfoot,

Idaho; Lillian Morley, Point Richmond,

California; Dale Clyne Wall, Richfield,

Utph. THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from page 37) Donald H. Thorpe, Salt Lake City; Lola Texas: Luella Louise Peterson, St. Paul,

Winward, Clifton, Idaho. Minnesota; Virginia Monson Peterson,

Typewriters Go To War Canadian: John Barrett Haws, Salt Lake SMW. Tdaho; Glen Wilson Stuart, Wood-

"pORTYTHREE typewriters, twentyCity; Edward Quinn Jensen, Monticello, ruff, Utah.

L three from the L. D. S. Business Utah; Mary Low, Cardston, Canada; Alan Western States: Max G. Abbott, BunkAnderson, Elmer erville, Nevada; Myron Pocatello, Idaho; McPherson, Ivan LawCollege, Salt City, Lake twenty and Salt Lake Bendixsen, City; Grant Salt Lake B. Nephi, rence L. Utah; Memmott, Vern the from University, Brigham Young Utah; Manti, Christiansen, Elvin A. City; Salt City; Robert Ringwood, Lake Edwin Provo, turned have to the been over Lorenzo Utah; Teasdale, L. St. Coombs, Utah. George, Seaman, Guy

government in keeping with the recent Central States: Dennis Thorne Dial, Y. Crossley, Smoot, Wyoming; Wanda

War Production Board order that late Shelley, Idaho; Gerald Kendall Gifford, Gustaveson, Salt Lake City; Verna Hansen,

model typewriters be converted to war Springdale, Utah; Darwin Gubler, Santa Hyrum, Utah; Arden B. Hutchings, Beaver,

work. Clara. Utah; Ruth Marie Hill, Ucon, Idaho; Utah; LaVern Arvilla Peterson, SacramenLloyd Gordon Hobbs, Nephi, Utah; Willard to, California; John Maynard Smith, Idaho

Missionaries Released in Le Ross Jones, Duncan, Arizona; William Falls, Idaho; Lynn E. Smith Georgetown,

November, 1942, and Others L. Jones, Los Angeles, California; Oakley Idaho; Thomas Ashby Stephensen, Holden,

Not Previously Reported J.Nampa.Ray, Mesa,Idaho; Arizona;Blanch HarlanZollinger,G. ProviShaw, Utah.Western Canada: John Kenneth AydeArgentine: Berry Frederick Banks, Salt dence, Utah. lotte, Manassa, Colorado; Glen Franklin

City; Beck, Paris, Idaho; Lake Eugene Rex States: Charles Central East McKay Cook, Shelley, Idaho.1 Burton, Layton, Utah; Jack Evan Jones, Allred, Betty Provo, Utah; Dora Florence,

Hooper, Utah; Keith Noble McCune, Salt Salt Lake City; James Le Roy Howell,

City.Lake Blackfoot, Idaho; Harvey N. Webb, TucOn Moving Over Brazilian: Joseph S. Holt, Mesa, Arison, Arizona.

zona; Hal Roscoe Johnson, Idaho Falls, Eastern States: Archie Grant Briggs, ( Concluded from page 32

Idaho; Harold Paul Miner, Springville, Bountiful, Utah; Rulon Wells Gregory, Latterday Saints are known as an

Utah; Burley, Sorenson, IdaAsael Taylor Johnson, Utah; Farmington, Hansen Lee a In according people. hospitable

ho. Taber, Lee, Idaho; Carol Rexburg, Vivian within their to the stranger Park, Utah; welcome California: Lund, Franklin Canada; Marie George Abrams, Hyde

Logan, Utah; Kenneth Hill Brown, Weiser, Earl J. Scott, Pomerene, Arizona. gates they will gain and not lose.

Idaho; Arthur Farr Campbell, Ogden, Utah; Hawaiian: Donald James Cannon, Salt If they are not betrayed by what is

Salt Christensen, City; Lake R. Pleasant, Richard L. Gunn, Utah; Lake Mt. W. they reCity; false within themselves—if Peter Christiansen, Utah. Salt City; John Ogden, Hawkes, Jackson Lake Eugene if they remain virtuous, main honest, Brinkerhoff, Allen Durston Salt E. Hardy, City; Frank England: Joseph Lake New

L. Holbrook, Chesterfield, Utah; Effle JohnBicknell, Utah; Winston I. McOmber, Pocaif they seek the good and the praiseson, Taber, Canada; Merna Kunz, Salt tello, Idaho; Morris D. Parkinson, Rexburg, worthy in the new around them and

City; Standage, Alice Lake Idaho; Lindberg, Mesa, Melvin Tooele, June Joseph will they resist the evil—inwardly Utah; Blanding, Arizona. Utah; Almon P. Lyman, will they over, and not have moved Bill Valeer Lunt, States: Duchesne, Jack Keith Central Utah; C. Mayhew, North

J. Nelson, Heber, Utah; Elden J. Peterson, Duncan, Arizona; Albert Samuel Purdy, Jr., not have lost the only leadership

Mt. Pleasant, Utah; Eugene Charles PrigOgden, Utah; John Ray Vickers, Nephi, worth cherishing: ability to quicken

Kaysville, more, Utah; Utah. Solon Richardson, the lives of men andwomen wherever Midvale, Roothoff, Johannes Utah; John Northern States: William P. Betts, Los

Salt Lake City; Fern Rust, Mt. Emmons, Angeles, California; John Keith Curtis, Richand whenever they meet them.

Utah; Darwin J. Sorenson, Salt Lake City; field, Utah; Robert Hugh Flake, Mesa, Ari- W. M.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943 "I Am the Resurrection and the Life"(Continued from page 13) while the mortal body lies in the tomb, the spirit renders service. (Alma 40:

11 ff.; Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, pp. 581, 595; Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 578 ff. ) Peter tells us

that, for the Christ, this service was preaching to the spirits in prison who were disobedient in the days of Noah, (I Peter 3:19 ff. ) and modern revelatellstion us visited Christ also the peownue fun, have Thev'U reduced thisple on hemisphere while His body is iob this n gasoline W6 thelay in tomb. (3 Nephi fourth 9) -with A U & u 80% perhaps last the epoch comesand mortal when besides'. savings is purified, raisedbody, the from tomb,

again to house the spiritual body, the two becoming the eternal soul. (Alma

40 ff; 2 Nephi 9:15 ff; D. & C. 88:15)

Christ was the first fruits of this reunion.

HPo the Latterday Saints, all these

A epochs are realities. To us the life

before we became mortals is just as much a fact as the life we now live; to

us the life we now live is no more a fact, no greater a reality, than is the life to come; and to us it is as great a certainty

as all the rest, that in the life to come we reshall the had, just as the Christ have, have,created which now body we Iwfiveprithose nve v entiresthem which our spirit shall reinhabit for an existence of eternal progression. We

to the truthful- X-ray testimony solemnbear K 2Sksran 1 1 chec y r great declaration of the,/*:,. of the obligation ness

Christ Himself:

is life eternal, this that might they nonskip And a got? I've

true the thee Jesus only and God,know lubrication, chassis for sent. hastChrist, thou 17:3) (John whom your give 1r can else and who things these the Saint Latterday All

knows as he knows all other things of the spirit, and even as he knows he now lives. to the For, declared as Paul Cor- '&'\\> my,,tm.Join SrBf5*OILPLATES spirit the inthians, maketh... tree.f of God club once-a-week spirit, affairs of the the to manknown I

"not in the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost &\\ teacheth; comparing spiritual things

with spiritual."(I Cor. 2:9 ff)

Through modern revelation, the Latter-day Saint knows that the blessing of mortality came to Adam, and through 9p his children, the Fall, through toAdam exercised his Godgivenwhen Adam CONOCO MOTOR 01 agency and chose the course which gave us all mortal bodies. (Moses 5; Alma

ff.) 14:16 ff.;Helaman42:2 We know

mortal, being must JMmilHIIMIinilUIMMIIMUIMIMINNINMMMUIINIIIIINNIINIlllNIINNIIININNMNNMNINMMIMININIIMMIIMMlMNNMNNINNIINIININN MINIUM IMIIMMMI II IIIIIM. these bodies, that

in to bring order die. know that We

of the mortal body In Church Sunday Schools Adults are Studying a reuniting about and the eternal spirit in a perfected, everlasting state, as was God's plan destiny, an atonement as is man'sand the Fall of Adam. | GOSPEL STANDARDS | to be made forhad

J. Grant |We know that to make this atonement | by Heber

a took to earth Christ and came testimony of the president of The life and times and enduring divine power. conceivedbody, by mortalWe I the Church the I fact in Christ veryknow that was

Son of God, the Only Begotten, and An IMPROVEMENT ERA publication that by His atonement He became the 384 pages $2.25

ofRedeemer the First the World, (Concluded on page 63) fTlllllltlll ) IIIinillllllllMIIIIIIIIMIllll MIIIIMIIIIII MIIMIIIIIIIIMIMIIIM 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II I II I II < III II I Ml II 1 1 1 M 1 1 III Mill II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Mil II 1 1 III Mlt II 111 I II 111 t Mill. -

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

SOLUTION TO DECEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—The Visit of the Magi

"They presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense, and myrrh."—Matt. 2:11.

Vi/eddtrig HORIZONTAL

."Matt. 2:10 him"Mark 1:18cavitations 31 "with"they sawexceedingthe.. great..."Matt. 2:10 31 "they forsook their.... and followed 6 Age 32 Simeon took Jesus in his.... and

ana 9 City34:11 in the northeast of Canaan Num. 34 blessedJesus wasGodnamed when he was eight

10 Mohammedan chief days...

Jxnnouncements 1314 and"lying15..."The a Magimanger"wereLukethe 2:12 "3635 AngerBeverage

. to.. the 23 wise 1 7 down men Herod gift the of 37 Magi A

. 19 brought They

. if friends, 39 ye do what- "Ye my

... shall thee Governor"of.. come 21 "out to serve are prepared I We 15:14 soever you". command. John 2:6 Matt.

.. 41 to. Jesus came They bride with the the 22 modem good No

smartest wedding sta23 "demanded... born"ofMatt.them2:4where Christ should 4344 NativeAnothermineralgift of the Magi

Golf mound.. * 24 tionery obtainable Destitute of thorns 46

tree 25 Evergreen

. "there is. 50. God"Mark 12:32. the altar..."Josh. 22:34 "called 26 chothat her fully aware

28 "they departed into their own country 51 "they had... their treasures"Matt.

sen one may be in the another..."Matt. 2:12 2:11

service of his country with VERTICAL a minimum of time at his 2 "Bethlehem... Judaea"23 Place of Christ's birth

disposal for a wedding. 3 "And they... unto him"Matt. 2:5 25 "When... have found him, bring me

4 "purge away thy dross, and take away word again"Matt. 2:8

all thy..."Isa. 1:25 27 "being warned of God in a.. that

Prompt, courteous atten- 5 "hath raised up... horn of salvation they should not return to Herod Matt.

tion to all orders. Call in 6 for"we us"haveLukeseen1:69his star in the..."28 They2:12 fell down to... him

person or write. Matt. 2:2 29 On the lee side

7 Poem 30 Yard 8 Symbol for nickel 33 Mother of Jesus 10 Herod was... of Judaea 37 "... and search diligently"Matt. 2:8

11 Servant of Solomon Ezra 2:57 38 "Do men gather grapes of thorns,...

The Deseret Items Press 1214 Comes"the star,in which they saw in the east, 40 figs"comeof downthistles".. Matt.. my 7:16child die"John

29 Richards Street 16.Small.. beforelizardthem"Matt. 2:9 42 4:49Paradise

Salt Lake City, Utah 18 Race from which Jesus was descended 45 "..., I am with you alway"Matt. 28:20

19 "be called... in the kingdom of heaven"47 Northeast

Matt. 5:19 48 Second note in scale

20 Southeast 49 Maryland

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1943

I AM THE RESURRECTION AND THE LIFE"{Concluded from page 61 living, He laid down the law upon which We Christians professing the name

Fruits of the Resurrection, (op. cit. eternal salvation and exaltation is of Christ and proclaiming His gospel,

lie in to give the the professions our multitude the based. our and TemTo literally concepts these accept We proclamations, believe "If said: treasury ple as ye "become soundJesus we to thereof knowledge proclaimand

brass, ing in shall (I he, or a tinkling die that your cymbal"not Cor. ye I am Christ that was world.the know Weour live Peter, not speaking sins"13:1) the brotherhood do and 8:24); (John if we a philosopher, great teacher, aa great

great scientist, a great psychologist, but to Annas the high priest and his kinof man; if we do not ourselves obey this

is of love. of declared sure as Jesus divine law there in Jerusalem, So that all these were dred declare and knowwe

this other "... there in heaven decreed the Christ: law, is none a God who true ancillaries character to Hismerely

is just surely there so theregiven men, escape no under heaven among name real mission to redeem that His wasand if if 4: live from. live the law, saved."But (Acts must be whereby we we we the Fall the by from Adamman

shall the of Christ, the inherit 12) way we this declare made.atonement He ofWe celestial glory, the of which spoke; Paul to giftis that greatest ever truth, the the came the "the and way, And (I shall Cor. 15:40) of be them we it there for without be no would of life"forman, are every one of God's Jesus

celestial, bodies are "whose whose is 'the soul, the ofimmortality which freely to children, every one given who is that sun, glory the of the glory even ofspirit the man.'(D. us: and body calls to of seeks. each He

all, of the highest of God, glory whose affirm those that 88:15) C.& We

is the are the of all sun that firmament written labour as and of me, unto ye Come the facts Christ, these deny denywho

I rest. will give laden, and you heavy typical,"being (D. C. 76:70) & we all the to are condemnaamenableand

shall learn of me; "shall in be of you, and them yoke dwell upon Take who my allotted; that thereto theytions and who

I heart: in for ye lowly and and meek the presence am forhis Christ and of God light to after has them comedeny Him rest souls. find your unto (id. ever ever."and 62) told shall as to Paul themselves,""crucify

is is easy, burden For and yoke my my afresh, of "thethe Son Hebrews, God I voice prayer; a light. Tn closing (Matt. 11:2830)

(Heb. to an open shame."put himand

Father toin Heaven: Our Turn all time, greatest of In the sermon6:6)

us, suffering children, wards Thine Thy the to multithe delivered on Mount listening ear. of our travHeed words the of essenus tudes, taught some He "I Christ's to saying Martha,'T'hus ail into sorrow. us and paths Lead truth, tial the "the and of elements way, is resurrection,"everthe an A am of righteousness. us the humilTeach life,"saying: the truth, as endurlasting as unchanging, ity of Son. us to Grant power Thy

ing, as uncompromising as eternity itBlessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs resist the Adversary. Keep us from

self. Speaking to His Apostles in the is the kingdom of heaven. temptation. Give to Thine erring sons

reiterated: for Christ that they are they mourn:Passover Blessed Chamber, daughters and peace and comThy Thy

be comforted. fort. truth, the the the life: and no shall way, I am inshall for the they are Blessed meek:

Father, the but unto cometh by me.man earth. herit the in rich us Bestow upon abundance 14:6) (John hunger they and are Blessed do which gift faith, faith the of in the of gospel

shall thirst for after righteousness: they this is exists fact rules Christ, be the that for and a gift men of Thee, And

filled. it in faith universe the accept whether goodness,and mercy, men Thy Thy Thy shall for the merciful: they are Blessed

is reject love. truth it. Eternal inor Build not dependthe us of testimony mercy. obtain

ent for its existence upon the will or Blessed are the pure in heart: for they truth and grant us wisdom to know the

the understanding or the belief of man. shall see God. truth, for that will make us free.

And this infinite blessing of the resurshallBlessedbe calledare thethe childrenpeacemakers:of God.for(Matt.they Cause that charity and patience and

rection comes to each and every human 5:3-9) forbearance and love of fellow man,

us. abide with and Banish come may his on earth, bornbeing no matter what said, that heard it hath been have Ye all hate, for hearts our hate from where course been. on earth have life and may shalt hate neighbour, love thy and Thou

spirit resides righteousness and Thy the FallChrist every from redeemed thine enemy.

man born to mortality. Paul declared But I say unto you, Love your enemies, cannot dwell.

to that curse bless them all you, them do good die, in principle:the "As Adam obedient sons be would Thine We for that which hate pray you, them and in shall Christ so all beeven made in daughters, the walking paths and persecute despitefully use you, and (I Cor. 15:22; 3;alive."Mosiah Alma hast for us, keeping marked you. Thou Thy (Matt. 5:4344)4042) of following steps the commandments,

divine of love This gives command the lowly Jesus, Begotten Thine Only ( I declare as did Paul Cor. But we the that will only one and remedy Son. our weaknesses and know We ff) in resurrection, that the bodies 15:40 lasting bring out the of peace bloody infirmities; is flesh the weak. know we glories, different in arise dependent upis that the tragedy devastating now for desires But are our and Thee Thy lives lived this of earth. kind on theon it is fosters world. Satan; of born Hate spirits strong ways. to be our Help get 76 See's C. and (D. 78) & We in the murder, of degree crime second for live Build word. would we Thy glory, that existthat plane of hereafter all It listed. that strikes the has God in us that evergrowing an testimony lives status that lived our ence, which of friend the him today and makes is Christ, the the Jesus Son, ReThy fit for. us has a law For here been enkindled of tomorrow. enemy Once of the deemer World. all If things. governinggiven would we it fiery in nation, furnace a a becomes

get a glory, a reward, we must live the that consumes the people that lighted it. Aid us to this end in our frailties and

entitle shall things, that live that us so to Lead law, do the that mongers us Hate makes imperfections. brew a poison

the the celestial thereto. law, do cannot glory abide and If we we may inherit victims of themselves. loosed Hate,

the things, glory, forever abide the with the and ever. Thee which upon direcbreaks and worldwide, beyond

blessing abide cannot is based, we It the tion rightor control. the Father: out eats away And Thy Work O our

ff) itself. glory C. 88:13 (D. & it nations, speedily of the eousness divine the purposes corrodes naamong

So when Jesus declared to Martha, their tolerance, it rots out brotherly tions, that peace—the world's peace "I am the resurrection, and the life"love, it debauches the highest and the and Thy peace—may again fill the

and to the Apostles, "I am the way, the lowest, it prostitutes all that civilized earth. And Thine shall be the glory

truth, and the life,"and when to Marman holds most dear, it attacks even and the honor forever, and we ask it all tha He added that belief on Him gave the sacred relations of the family in the name of Thy Son, Jesus Christ, life to the dead and eternal life to the hearth. our Redeemer. Even so, Amen.

mainpwunaours LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY FIRED WITH FERVOR

Oneto newspeakyear'sin suchresolutiona way thatthattherewe shouldcan be allno misunderstandgladly make is "I"Well,"don't saidlike thethe wayold hillbilly,you're holding"I don'tthataimgun."to please."

meticulwill use. the This ing a careful, from mean words we

truth. in his CORRECT GRAMMAR Stuart of of Chase study ous words a love and

Tyranny of Words converts us to the idea that it is people who "Is 'trousers'singular or plural, Johnnie?"

do not understand words who are most easily misled by "Singular at the top and plural at the bottom."

dictators and tyrants.

-$- CAMPAIGNER'S CONCEPT Gentlemen: Sonny: Say, Dad, what does "argument pro and con"mean?

to with subscription Era expired The Improvement the able statement, while the con is the contemptible dribble of the possible, issue. If MYApril Dad: Well, my boy, pro is your convincing and unanswerrenew I wish you would my subfellow. other

scription starting with the May issue as the first number. Circumstances made it difficult to renew my subscription at the SAVE THE SURFACE

since time, teaching the Melchizedek Priesthood class, and I am father Sandy: "Ay, was a my very farseeing man. When

I outlines. the lesson need never a laddie he spanked I was me."

I have taken the Era for several years and enjoy it so much "Didn't believe in corporal punishment?"

that I should hate terribly to miss these back issues. "Like enough he did, but he didna want to put the extra wear

It would be worth the subscription price just for President and tear on my pants."

editorial Dr. Widtsoe's Grant's and articles alone, to say SOUNDS LOGICAL features. splendid the other nothing of

like Visitor: nice did babies, look but Magnolia, They why Very truly yours, twins "Coll""Lision"? and name the Edward L. Wheatfill. you Well, Magnolia: things he a collision say two Mose is when

done come together unexpectedly.

The Biltmore Hotel, Los Angeles REVEILLEATION

Dear Editors: "Remember, my son,"said his mother as she bade him goodbye, "when you get to camp, try to be punctual in the mornthe.Era today, ings, so as not to keep breakfast waiting."of the us through Lord comes to word THE

to I feel instructions as important are us as those and any scripture of the past. I wish that more space was available QUESTION

in your magazine for details and excerpts from the experiences A new system of memory training was being taught in a vilof those who are members of the First Presidency, the Council lage school, and the teacher was becoming enthusiastic.

of the Apostles, the Seventy, Presiding Bishopric, etc. No "For instance,"he said, "supposing you want to remember

the of at these finer stand lived the head the than ever of who men Burns. name Fix in mind's your a eye a poet—Bobby

these selfish all of wish, I love but perhaps is a picture Church. of in flames. That a policeman Burns?"See—Bobby

I them. about I wish men. more see,"pupil. is "Yes, I knew said a bright "But one to how know

I'm one of two Mormons who work at this hotel, and surely it does not represent Robert Browning?"

Mormons and Mormonism are respected more and more MISSIONARY WORK throughout the world. A hustling young farm machinery retail salesman was at the

Sincerely yours, recruiting station to enlist.

Frank Jensen. "I suppose you'd like a commission?"said the officer in

charge. -<&- "No,"replied the salesman, "I'm such a poor shot, I'd rather

THE WRONG PLACE work on straight salary."

EASY TASK After a long and searching crossexamination, the little woman in the witnessbox remained quite unperturbed. At

last the barrister who had been gruelling her remarked:

"You say you had no education, but you answered all my questions smartly enough."

"Yes, sir,"replied the witness, meekly, "but you don't have to be a scholar to answer a lot of silly questions."

UNCERTAIN Johnny (buying ticket in railroad station): I want a ticket

to New York.

Clerk: Would you care to go by Buffalo?

Johnny: I don't know. I've never ridden one.

NOTHING TO IT Visitor (looking over battleship): And what do you sailors

do when the ship springs a leak?

Gob: Aw, we just put a pan under it, ma'am, and let 'er

Brigham Young's famous words, "This is the Place,"are leak.

found with a slightly southern accent at a fruit stand near Alto, Georgia. The picture was snapped by Elder Leo CHANGE OF STYLE

J. Ford.—Submitted by Jack Northman Anderson, publicity Some women who marry selfmade men are compelled to

director, Southern States Mission. make extensive alterations.

THE BEST IS YET TO BE

Time holds no specter fear of want for the person whose future is soundly

insured. The protection your family

deserves, plus the future security of a

wellplanned savings program are the

life insurance,

future so that

THE IMPROVEMENT I

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANT SALT LA KE CITY, UT