Tfclmp

&.- j;*%aSSK

:-;;......;

Ml S—

i;..

--ViABs mmmm Ane you pJantunxj, qoub kitaken of '"lomcwuHv"?

For every cooking advantage, build your kitchen of tomorrow"around a new, modern Gas Range.

This modern range will give you added hours of companionship, recreation and leisure, It will be the acme of cleanliness, and will reduce housecleaning time.

The oven with its precision automatic heat control will make it possible to obtain constant temperatures hour after hour at any degree you set.

For broiling, there is nothing to compare with fast, smokeless, spatterless flame of a modern Gas Range.

You can look forward to long, happy, enjoyable hours, for Gas cooking is quick, efficient, vitaminsaving and economical. It is cooking* at its very best.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Tn the manufacture of bearings it has 1 been found that softer metals become coated with foreign materials and resist wear while hard steel surfaces, not being receptive to foreign materials, remain bare during rubbing and may be attacked by oxygen, resulting in the loss of metal or wear.

'T'he greatest seasonal snowfall recorded is more than seventythree feet, at Tamrack, California, during the winter of 190607.

About fifteen thousand doctorate de- *"grees in the physical and biological sciences were awarded by American universities from 1934 to 1942.

HpHE human body can get two or three

A times as much thiamin or vitamin

B 1 from boiled yeast as from fresh yeast. Boiling also increases the amount

of riboflavin and vitamin G the body can get from yeast, according to Dr.

Helen Parsons.

'T'he development of smutresistant

A wheat is worth half a million dollars a year in the state of Utah alone. '

4 Announcing—

TThe historian, Luchaire, estimates that

A there bloodshed as has been much for possession the the region A NEW BOOK of Vexin which lies between Rouen and Paris in

France, as for the plateaus of Lorrainebetween France and Germany. The JOSEPH SMITH

Vexin region was the boundary between the AngloNorman empire andthe French Capetian kings, during the THE PROPHET middle ages. By PRESTON NIBLEY

The prophet of the restoration is the /"leopatra, queen whothelivedfamousjust beforeEgyptianthe subjectThis book,of theeverincreasingonly one of interest.its kind

Christian era, wrote a book on cosmetin print, is a complete biography, ics. offers the facts about his remarkable career, includes many letters

'T'he iron ore, amounting to just less able,and documentsmany of thenot revelationsgenerally availcon- than a hundred million long tons, densed and a wealth of new matter transported in the Great Lakes in eight gained by careful research and onmonths of last year is twice as much thescene investigation.

freight as passes through the Panama and Suez canals together in any peacePrice $3.00

a pile year,time one and would make half thick feet a - - - - - --- MAIL THE COUPON...... covering onehundred

square mile.—DESERET BDDK CDMPANY

HPo make quartz fibers fine enough to 44 East South Temple Street, P. O. Box 958

calibrate electron microscopes, a Salt Lake City 10, Utah bow and arrow are used. A piece of "The Book Center of the Intermountain West"

cylindrical quartz is fastened to the end Please send Nibley's new book, "JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET"of an arrow and heated with an oxyName hydrogen torch until just ready to melt when the arrow is released, pulling out Address an extremely fine quartz thread up to Enclosed find $3.00. (In Utah add 2% sales tax)

twenty feet in length.

NOVEMBER, 1944 641 a

Jkanki Jke Lcover i ago, seasons Qeveral By THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCEent Era grandKent Kane, Sylvia Probst Young rf"*tim\ffl ilflfti Wffln 4m <m rfn iff t*m iirfflf rfw m iM ifflff mn mn rim ifflT dffi ilC rfr iriw ifffii mltwli Jlffl <rin ilfli fmi iirf, nflrT rff rffiffi son of Colonel Thomas too, am grateful L. Kane, was the guest

I > President on Grant that the land will NOVEMBER, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 11 of

yield; Southern of the a tour

arms autumn's That OF "THE VOICE THE CHURCH"during canyons, Utah the laden with come Official of the Priesthood Organ Quorums, Improvement Mutual did Mr. Kane which store Associations, of Education, Department Committee, Music Ward

Of fruits from bending Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of much photographing.

boughs, grain from Latterday Saints A set of the pictures the field.

My thanks for all of of that trip recently this—but there is came from Hawaii

more, (where Mr. Kane is

that heart More my the with serving now

I find grateful for is Jke (L-ditord J*'States Navy), United harvest's fe even Than to Rachel wealth, than \ the Admonition and Blessing Heber J. Grant 654 directed good land, Grant Taylor. Among

I'm grateful for the \ them was this one of have been folk who kind Lkurck -jreatwres ingPresidentout atGrantZion lookCan- trouble came When my way, the friendly Conference Index 643 yon from one of the hand of Mount Planning... Clark, Jr., 656 windows Reuben lift to helped That my Postwar highway, and Carmel for the load and way III? Will Nations Avert a World WarJ. had Mr. which Kane thoughtful deed was A 657 David O. McKay to bring for me, done titled dramatically

Warm comfort to my Diamond Jubilee of the Young Women's Mutual Im- "The Rock of Zion."

heart Dear God, provement Association Clarissa A. Beesley 664 (See page 688.) today

I'm grateful most for New Melchizedek Report Forms 680, 681 offering. love's fine AstrolEvidences and Reconciliations: LXXXVI—Is for soul is it, Food my Science? ogy a John A. Widtsoe 689 Change of Address: it I hold dear,

My thanks I give for Genealogy 668 Ward Teaching 683 Fifteen days'notice refriends who live so Priesthood: Melchizedek 680 The Church Moves On 686 quired for change of adnear. Aaronic 682 Music 687 dress. When ordering a

change, please include stencil impression from a recent issue of the magaecial featured zine. Address changes Editors s7 cannot be made unless

as well as address old J. Heber Grant Apostate

included. the one is new A. John Widtsoe seph Smith—AlpheusFactions FollowingCutler...E.the MartyrdomCecil McGavinof Jo660 the

Managing Editor Paricutin, Mexico's Baby Volcano T. J. Howells 673 ExecutiveOffices:and Editorial

Richard L. Evans The Spoken Word from Temple Square 50 North Main Street,

Richard L. Evans 684, 725 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Associate Editors 1944 Copyright by....650, the Universe, MuExploring FrankMutual Messages 664

Josephson Marba C. Inc., tual Funds, Cor- a 641 Homing: Boyhood, MorOne

William Mulder of the poration Young rison Colladay About 690 JrWorry Whylin S.I Harris,Never

Money, Don A. Mott 646 Here's How 690 Men's Mutual ImproveGeneral Manager Books 648 Cook's Corner, Josephine B. ment Association of the

George Q. Morris Aztec Concept of Good and Nichols 691 Church of Jesus Christ of

Evil, Charles E. Dibble 650 Your Page and Ours 736 Latterday Saints. All

Associate Manager The V Mail Campaign 650 rights reserved. SubscripLucy G. Cannon tionin advance;price, $2.0020c a singleyear,

copy.

Business Manager (Lditoriau Entered at the Post

John D. Giles Office, Salt Lake City,

The Rock of Zion Richard L. Evans 688 matter.Utah, asAcceptancesecondclassfor National Advertising Representatives 1869—Diamond Jubilee—1944... Marba C. Josephson 688 mailing at special rate of

postage provided for in Francis M. Mayo, section 1103, Act of OcSalt Lake City tober, 1917, authorized

Edward S. Tswnsend, S5torie$,,one5, j-oettioeiru July 2, 1918.

Era Improvement The San is not responsible for unFrancisco and Pet Peeve...Lois Bodine 672 Los Angeles

solicited manuscripts, but Dougan and Bode, My Thanks..Sylvia P. Young 642 welcomes contributions.

Chicago and Poetry Page 644 Frontispiece 653

New York All manuscripts must be accompanied by suffiMember, Audit Bureau of cient postage for delivery

Circulations and return.

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 95,000

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by H. L. Hammond

OCTOBER CONFERENCE

ADDRESSES

or tke L/enerat Muthontiei

Asfaton, Marvin O. -712

Bennion, Samuel O. -705

Benson, Ezra Taft -674 Bowen, Albert E..669

Callis, Charles A..668

Church of the Air Broadcast.674

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr. 656, 721

Evans, Richard L..709, 725

Grant, Heber J. 654

Hardy, Rufus K. (excused from speaking)

Ivins, Antoine R. 703

Kimball, Spencer W. 671

Kirkham, Oscar A..710

Lee, Harold B.—670

McKay, David O 657, 720 McKay, Thomas E. 706

Merrill, Joseph F. 667

Petersen, Mark E. 676

Richards, George F. 661

Richards, LeGrand 679 Richards, Stephen L 663 Romney, Marion G.—702

Smith, George Albert 659 Smith, Joseph Fielding.662

Smith, Joseph F. -677

Smith, Nicholas G..695

Sonne, Alma (excused—on special assignment)

Tabernacle Broadcast Sermonette 725

Taylor, John H. 697 THERE'S A SPECIAL REASON for the tremendous

Widtsoe, John A. 666 popularity of these golden waffles and tender pan-

L. 698Wirthlin, Joseph

Clifford 730 cakes! It's that famous "straightwheat"flavor... E.Young,

Young, Levi Edgar 678 the result of using only wheat flour, combined with buttermilk and five other baking ingredients, especially blended for your convenience. For easy, delicious pancakes all you do is add milk or water to

L/iurch of the s4iIf the readymixed Globe "Al"Pancake and Waffle

Flour, stir and bake. A-l waffles are an alltime hit,

Jr., Clark, "President J. Reuben

* will detoo... just try the recipe on the box for breakfast, of the First Presidency,

liver the Church of the Air address lunch or supper.

Sunday morning, December 24, 1944, at 11 a.m., Mountain War Time.

This broadcast will be heard over

C.B.S. stations, at 1 o'clock Eastern

War Time, 12 o'clock Central War PANCAKE AND

Time, and 10 o'clock Pacific War WA FFLE FLOUR Time. globeAUI lJSLjl. j

NOVEMBER, 1944 643.

-+<.-<-<*<'< 3SE33T2333333S <<<+<*<*<

BLESSED THE MAN INDIAN SUMMER

(In honor of President Heber J. Grant on By Dorothy Hulet

his eightyeighth birthday) A Young Writer

Ruth May Fox HPhere is a magic in the autumn haze

Blessed the man, who from days of his * that creeps the low hills o'er, childhood In the graceful gliding movement of an

Has honored his birthright, fast holding the eagle's lofty soar.

rod Almost can I in vision see an Indian lurking

Which leads unto life and endless progresbehind each tree;

sion Or a canoe that slips down the stream a*

In that haven of peace, the mansions of God. phantom plies the oar.

Blessed the man whom the Father has There is a mystery in the leaves that fall chosen, like parachutes from trees, dismal in this prophet and leader Our in the whisper of a playful day. A mystery

a strife with the world is wracked When breeze. vagrant

confusion; and this o'er sound. I seem pleasant ever Yet

not the Light: they see not the heed Men the to ground hear upon

Way. The rustling falls of many feet,

Blessed the man, beloved by his people. Indian feet, among the leaves.

Whose heart overflows with kindness and love; And when the dancing whirling snow sprites

fall above, from heaven up like the distance a farewell comes the tlo Time for Breakfast? Whosegiving;generous hand never wearies of From

Whose faith is as true as the sunlight above. mournful coo of doves.

calls, fading, as the Indian each Sofdy war testifies the Blessed boldly man who falls light soft snow of the portals heaven are opened That echoes of winter the white world O'er wide TfMFFOR %<0*''again. love. of song summer's

truth restored; the of the priesthood's The

gospel Don't hurry off to work or school As taught by our Savior is now among men.

without breakfast! It takes a hearty

the Father, of the Blessed man beloved start to get so little time a "Zooming"all to the wide RURAL THANKSGIVING he bears message Whose on the day! world: By Clarence Edwin Flynn

"Repent, overthrow the kingdom of Satan;

WE bright,InstantCooking Up, up with the standard of Jesus our Lord."thank kind heaven that our fields are

Just stir Zoom flakes into salted CANYON FAREWELL TheySpared havefrom notthe crueltrembledravagesunderof marchingwar.

boiling water and turn off the heat. By Dott J. Sartori might,

Hearty defaced with shellhole, trench, and Are not clear glass afternoon's the hot cereal's ready in an Through scar.! instant

trail, pass.. and pause, wave, Cross the

in as peaceful any yesteryear. As hill the above hangs halfmoon The there's to enjoy time more, What's

rich harvests they lie, with golden do And farewell. that says as the eye Dim

... flavor rich whole wheat Zoom's to flow seem lengthened shadows distraught the world were not though As. The.. its goodness appreciate warming is the slow wind townward, and fear, From with

its whole wheat noontime. the full benefit get cooled from That Where clouds of doom had not obscured the the tent And

sail, is bent one birch like a Glowed so cooks nutrients! Because Zoom sky.

is bare arch. In a lonely camp The fast you can "eat it slow!"there. dwellers to once was home That

The last blue curl of smoke is gone. It may be we do not deserve this grace

Get instantcooking whole The rocks grow cold. The hike is done. More than do others the sad fate they know,

wheat Zoom in the bright blue But we are grateful for a dwelling place at your Fisher handysack groKEEPSAKE Wheregrow.children still may play, and harvests family cer's. and yourself Give

a real "Zooming"start every By Frances Hall Make us more worthy of this happiness,

Kinder to others in their wretchedness.

of praise the hasty word wore day! SHE

'round her throat; locket a shining Like

The little, quickly uttered phrase

Warmed to her happy fingering,

Became a lovely jeweled thing.

By night she'd made a nook apart

To treasure it through quiet days

Deep in her uncompanioned heart.

CAPRICE

INSTANTCOOKING By Martha Fereday Harrison

Whole Wheat THEUntilhightheywindmoanedbashedandthecriednakedwithtrees,pain.

The clouds frowned at such cruelties.

And washed their wounds with drops of CEREAL rain.

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA if: WE GIVE THEE THANKS

By Lati Babbitt pOR shelter, Lord, the great protecting THE NAMEWe** Shelterlove whereverof thy theylove maythat followsgo, those

And for this roof whose humble span we share, For simple food that keeps the body nourished,

And for love... that greater food without

which is vain... John DeereSustenance

For the sudden beauty of a friend's kind word; a Symbol of

For faith, sustained against the world;

And lastly, for this fragment of eternity...

this day... We give thee thanks! Dependable

Performance NOVEMBER s By Lincoln Thomson

shroud of brown and gray is on yourA loom

To swaddle dying Nature in her tomb;

But in its pattern you have woven charms

That warm the heart in face of winter storms.

First of the months that neither sow nor reap,

Your barrenness gives you no cause to weep.

Your verdure? None save what was left to

die By other months as they passed by!

And yet, I think I know the secret of your charms,

For you take dying Nature in your arms,

And tenderly you lay her down to rest,

Then lock 'til spring her pregnant treasure chest.

NOVEMBER DAWN

By Christie Jeffries

noiseless, mistwrapped Indian, A November dawnwind steals

Through the trees and crouches

Where a leafdrift conceals Autumn's gathered treasure Amber, flametouched gold, Topaz, jade, and chrysoprase All his brown hands can hold, The Indian clutches, tosses In brighthued shower a swift, is Deere on John farm name equipment mark an identifying all the THE air about him And that to for of been has symbol dependability a farmers American bursting into flower. Seems than a century. more

Twenty years ago, the John Deere Tractor was introduced. It had

only two cylinders. Readily accepted by farmers, it gave them the things

operation tractor—economical

construction to give UPON MY HEART.they.. strong,wanted ruggedin a long life..and. simplicitydependabilityof design...

By Gilean Douglas easy and convenient operation... the ability to burn lowcost fuels successfully. The value of these basic principles hasn't changed. They are

as important will find them all in the present line of down, pale yellow leaves, upon my justDrift Tractors.today—you heart; Deere John

Perhaps with you I shall be comforted. Many improvements and refinements have been made in John Deere

My spirit has been wounded and has bled, Tractors since 1924. Advances have been made in economy and ease of

It has been buffeted and torn apart. operation. Better materials and improved manufacturing methods have

been adopted. New models of various types and sizes have been added

But I may learn to cool the fevered scar to the line so that today there is a John Deere Tractor to fit most every

Upon the water of this autumn stream, farming need. Modern in every respect... streamlined... starter and

And find new courage from the radiant lights... hydraulic power lift... multiplespeed transmission... yet

gleam the basic fundamental engine principle—twocylinder design—remainsWithin will the strength and stillness of a star. unchanged. because this engine design Unchanged give the farmer

Drift down, pale yellow leaves, drift softly tractor.all the featuresSee yourheJohnwants,Deereanddealer—now.should have, in a modern, upto-date down.

shall find withPerhaps happiness you I Moline, Illinois I the world is somethingAnd that knew less JOHN DEERE,

Than wind across a meadow spare and BUY MORE BONDS * GET IN THE SCRAP brown.

NOVEMBER, 1944 645 l/l/huy 1/ /euer l/l/orm CLlLut MONEY A Gift Copy of By DON A. MOTT

Editor's Note In The article, written following by The

Orlando, Mott of Mr. Don A.

in recent issue a was printed PABCO Florida, in- a monthly Agent, of The Local

is not a Missouri. Louis, Mott Mr. COOLITE surance magazine published in St. Gospel Net has a number although he Mormon, by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

of close friends whom he holds in high regard who are members of the Church. is available through your

in 1930, the depression in Floribookdealer. Backda was pretty bad. I had quit

school in the tenth grade in 1927 $1.25 each

in order to help my father make a living for my mother and six children, and lfej&flQ|ljttH8y9GHU| zsm then, three years later, he and I were both out of work and things looked dark. We did have a few collard greens

in the garden and some chickens, but we were getting pretty tired of chicken and collard greens.

I went to church one Sunday and heard the pastor preach on tithing. I

remember his text was taken from next to the last chapter in the last book of the Old Testament: Malachi 3:8, 9, 10

in which the Bible says: "Will a man

rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But INSIDE ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee?

In tithes and offerings. Ye are cursed

You can give any surface- a evenwith thisa curse:wholefornation.ye haveBringrobbedye all me,the

heatreflecting "coat of armor"tithes into the storehouse, that there with COOLITE! Use it on may be meat in mine house, and prove This attractive and colorasphalt, or metal roofs... ceme now herewith, saith the Lord of

ment or stucco walls! That's hosts, if I will not open you the windows ful volume presents a true

of heaven, blessing, and pour out a you why so buildings, many farm there shall to story of struggle and trinot be enough room packing plants, factories, theathat it."receive This has sermon been emthat will tres strengthen and public buildings umph have in since. bedded ever mind my been given "allover"COOLnext day, walking The I was lives down of all the read it. who protection. ITE..both for street in the Orlando, as I walked, and

cooling effect and because if I promised the that Lord, he would brings double give a COOLITE dolOrder now—for your of dime out every me a job,

resistance! See samples of lar I made the rest of my life, I would own library, and for gifts

COOLITEprotected surgive back to him. I meant by that, that

faces at your PABCO dealer. I would give it to a church, charitable to friends.

organization, or some poor family, be- '.. the said, Master as. Inasmuch Era"An "Improvement you needlPi*.. cause ye When have done it unto the least of one of buyOHEWSTEADOFSEVERAL. Publication these brethren, it my have ye done P, 5#, '

) unto I me. 25:40. (Matthew walked

into a meat market and for asked a tl. wwf"Mu PABaAJ job. said, & manager The "There's an Fine ** paint Super lived its to it apron, on. put to rough work."economy Go th the is =** (Also available Thanks1SSS now is a tine Vabco surface. Saturday, he paid $10. 'ie every Fr I put me $1 on uses un iioimlybrushes and that 'particles* t in the church. "'y next - The he Saturday Resu eleventh new jSicIe..'edition—the easiere paid the next and $12, the me $13, next $15, smoother painty. and from that day to this, I have not—of Gospel Standards by

worried about money. God has been

J. Grant THE PARAFFINE COS INC. faithful. President Heber

In first SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA July, 1936, insur- $2.25 a copy—a "must"for policy. ance visittime I nowI spendsold mymy

in ing jails, the hospitals, prisons, and and every every home in the L I o ok and the chairman am local of the "Yellow Pages"Christian list.) Business reading Men's Committee, for local your

PABCO dealer. an organization of leading business men

{Concluded on page 693) 646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WITHOUT THESE BASIC FEATURES NO MACHINE QUALIFIES AS AN ALLPURPOSE FARM TRACTOR

cp

A SHORT TURNING RADIUS is vital for rowcrop farming.

Farmalls A and B turn in 10 feet. Tricycle design, and indi-

I vidual wheel brakes that enable operator to pivot on either rear wheel, are indispensable features.

AMPLE CROP CLEARANCE is required for cultivating. Farmalls have up to 30 inches vertically and a wide range of rear

wheel spacings horizontally.

increase tires pressure Low soil packtraction and decrease ing. On every job the operator

has a clear view of the work he is doing.

FARMALLS ARE FIRST

Any man who buys a tractor buys it variety of work per dollar of cost than THEREthe FarmallsIS NO versatility.SUBSTITUTEItforis

for one big reason: the work the tractor anything else on wheels. estbuiltvarietyto operateof quickattachablewith the greatwill do. The quality of work, the volume, At the right are a few basic reasons belictools"LifteverAH"known.providesThe easyhydrauim-

and the variety are the real measures of hind Farmall tractor performance. The plement control.

tractor value. Couple these factors with McCormickDeering dealer will be glad

original cost, plus upkeep and operation, to demonstrate how Farmalls, with their and you have the whole story. complete line of related tools and maThat's the way most farmers figure it chines, make up the most efficient sys-

.. out when they make this important intem of power farming in existence..

vestment. The answer has turned out to be Those are the big things to remember

a farmall tractor more times than all other when you plan the purchase of farm POWERAPPLIED MUSTfor efficientBE PROPERLYtractor makes combined. power equipment. operation.gear ratios meanFarmall'slow fuelcorrectconThat doesn't happen by chance. It hapWith all possible manufacturing speed, sumption.operating Aspeeds.governorOil controlsand air

pens because these famous red tracTHE FARMALLS ARE COMING! cleanerslong wear.andThedirtpowersealstakeoffinsure

tors are designed and built to do more INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY andFarmallsbelt pulleyunbeatablecompleteutilitytheas

Illinois an allpurpose farm power unit. work, better work, and a bigger IIHARVESTER 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1,

THE TOP TRACTORS FOR ALL FARMS

NOVEMMR, 1944 stature of the founder of Mormonism can- (BodIul. not afford to miss reading this book. M.C.]. CHRISTIANITY THROUGH

CONSTANCY AMID CHANGE THE CENTURIES (Albert E. Bowen. Deseret News Press, (Dr. Daryl Chase. L.D.S. Department of

Salt Lake City. 1944. 211 pages. $2.00.) Education. 287 pages. 1944. $2.00.)

Tn October of 1943, Albert E. Bowen, of * I 'HIS recent publication of the L.D.S. De-

* the Council of the Twelve, undertook, at * partment of Education covers the span the urgent invitation of the Church Radio of Christian history from the advent of the

Committee, a task which had been seeking Savior of mankind to the present, with parhim for some time. Beginning on the tenth ticular emphasis on digressions from primiof that month, and continuing until the last tive Christianity, reformers and dissenters,

week of the year, he delivered from the and the creeds and practices and organizatabernacle, over radio station KSL, a series tions of the many churches that have resulted of twelve Sunday evening addresses, under from those digressions, until the restoration

as well exdocumented, and one would the regular radio ly evening Church—duringthe general title "Constancy Amid Change"through Joseph Smith. The work is scholardi- pect the Chase, from pen of Dr. now that series. out of service. This book grew

Coupled with a fixed and assuring faith, rector of the L.D.S. Institute at Logan, Utah.

scholars religious to the various belonging learned pioneer a boy on by a logic—logicthese writings are marked by compelling In most instances, accepted writers and

considered, been sects and have movements reality; of logic the farm, where reality was

an earnest missionary in a foreign land; the consulted and allowed to speak through

logic of a sincere teacher in the classroom these pages in behalf of their own churches.

(in which profession Brother Bowen began Useful bibliographies appear at the end of his college career in the days of the Brigeach chapter. An index appears also at the

helpful the book, perhaps and back of more in College ham Logan, Young Utah)—the cusis currently than comprehensive logic of the doctor of jurisprudence and more

member of the honorary scholastic society tomary in a work of this size. Written as a

Order of the Coif (the academic degree and college textbook for use in L.D.S. institutes

honor conferred on Albert E. Bowen by the of religion, this work will find uses far

its the both for primary purpose, beyond University of the logic of Chicago)—the for religion of student casual and permatrial this, all careful lawyer, and, the beyond

Prize Grand World's reference purposes. L. nent E. R- logic of the seen has operate gospel one who

J. G. Mrs. awarded life his in in lives the others, of and and own HIS MANSIONS MANY McDonald's Chocoall for to must out speak hear who who > S. Howells. Gee, (Rulon Los Murray International lates at will. will stimulate thinking This and book 1944. pages. Angeles. Charts 252 Liege,

it faith sustain in goes, wherever and young Diagrams. $2.25.) and six of Belgium—oneExposition, old.—J?. L. E.

is inuseful edition of world's a a grand prizes and new This and teresting 44 gold medals religions, in study comparative SMITH, PROPHETacclaiming these JOSEPH presi- S. written former Howells, Rulon by STATESMAN

the world's chocolates the of dent Brazilian Mission and now Bookcraft Durham. The (Dr. G. Homer

finest. of the Salt bishop Eighteenth South Ward, City, Utah. Company, Salt Lake

1944. 225 pages. $2.25.) Lake City. The beliefs and practices, orWith introductory paragraphs to indiChristianganizationsectsand history,are presentedof eachin ofbrief,the majorreadcate the setting of the excerpts used in able style, in addition to organization

World acclaim establishes the book, the author has included parts of diagrams for each sect considered. This

the writings of Joseph Smith as well as exwork represents an earnest effort to let each illusfrom which the Book of Mormon speak church let each religious Mrs. J. G. McDonald's Choccerpts for itself—to

the of trate the statesmanship and vision from group tell, and auits own accepted olates as the finest that can founder of the Mormon Church. Among the thoritative works, what it does and does not

many strong quotations, this selection from believe, with respect to the major issues be made.... Your continthe Church history which Joseph Smith and questions of religion. The author obwrote seems particularly fitting: 'There is serves that there are over two hundred fifty

ued preference justifies our one thing more I wish to speak about, and different Christian creeds in the United that is political economy. It is our duty to States alone, and that for example, seventyefforts to be content with concentrate all our influence to make popular eight baptize by immersion; sixtyseven

that which is sound and good, and unpopular baptize infants; sixtyeight have optional

nothing less than perfecthat which is unsound. 'Tis right, politicalforms of baptism, etc., etc., which leads

ly, for a man who has influence to use it, every thinking man to ask himself "which tion. as well as for a man who has no influence to way—which one?"One of the most interestuse his. From henceforth I will maintain ing and useful features of the book is a large

Select Mrs. J. G. McDonald's politics,all the influenceI will speakI canas a get.man; Inbut relationin relationto majorchart, giving,sects to attwentythreea glance, themajoranswersquestionsof the

Chocolates and you're alto Throughoutreligion I willallspeakthe writingsin authority."sounds the ofthatbeliefthe andtitle practice.to the bookSomewouldhave seemthoughtto

ways in good taste. kindinsistentof government,theme that democracyand that theisrightthe rightkind keepingcarry implicationswith its contents,that arebutnotthewhollymissionin

of thinking and acting will maintain ary, and all who have occasion to meet and democracy. Probably no other writer speak with members of other faiths, will

has been more converted to the inspirafind this book interesting and informative in tion of the Constitution, nor spoken more the field of comparative beliefs, and well fervently in its defense. As to the worth adding to personal libraries and readdestiny of the Americas, Joseph Smith often ing lists. R. L. E.

is this land of the Zion, a term

GREAT ANSWER his followers, to and him meant an THE (Margaret Runbeck. HoughtonLee justice Mrs. J. G. McDonald statedwhichideal statethat hold freedom and where

sway. Mifflin Company, Boston. 238

Chocolate Company With an appendix which supplies a pages. $2.00.)

chronology featuring political highlights in '"Phese heartwarming stories of real peoSalt Lake City, Utah the career of Joseph Smith, the book rounds * pie who have found assistance from a out the author's thesis: "Joseph Smith's source beyond mortal power will bring

constant effort, in his own mind, was to incomfort and strength to all who read them.

Owned and Operated by fluence the world of men towards an ideal There are twenty chapters, and a prologue

Mrs. J. G, McDonald and R. Neal McDonald of Thosethe kingdomwho wishof God."to understand fully the and an epilogue. {ConcludedAnd each chapteron page deals693)

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

orchard, over the railroad fence, and up the embankment. But halfway up, she

heard it—the whistle of the train. She

didn't have a chance to make it.

Yes, it was that train—the one with

the cabin-front locomotive. Tug's.

And in the cab, three men—Engineer

Whallon, Fireman Ulrich and Tug McDaniel—stared—petrified. The brakes

screamed. With the tremendous load

behind, they'd never stop in time. They

knew that. v

Tug climbed down alongside of the cowcatcher... Should he climb out on

it, or jump out in front when they got close enough and outrun the train? Yes,

that's it. Outrun it, scoop the boy up

and dive away from the track. Nearer

and nearer they came... the wheels

screaming on the rails... nearer and

nearer... don't fall, Tug, don't fall..

easy now... NOW!

And out Tug sprinted along the rails in front of the oncoming locomotive, grabbed the child and dove to the side.

The train rolled by.

Reporters were on hand bright and early the next morning at the McDaniel home. Everything was ready—cameras

and all. Everything, that is, but Tug.

Tug wasn't home. Tug was on his way

back on another run, another S. P. man

explained. "But,"one reporter spoke up, "this is news. We can't wait."

The answer, we think, typifies the attitude of an S. P. man today—or any

other railroad man for that matter. It

was: "Well, sir, those trains can't wait

in case Just you've been wondering efi/y /tots 29 either."

title story got the of this where we that was the first thing Tug said to

Mrs. Wortell after he had saved Billie.

"Sorry I was so rough with the boy, ma'am."Mrs. Wortell couldn't say a

word.

Everywhere along S.P.'s 15,000 miles of

the you'll S.P. is one see why map and cabin-front) as to going you're with the already, it thundered story aFthisyou haven't read or heard about tives (you know, the tremendous ones line the war trains are rolling. Look at

strategic railroads. most of America's it's the steep Sierra believing grade with 65 have a difficult time down

true. But it is. So true that it put Tug cars of fighting stuff for MacArthur and

McDaniel in the headlines overnight. Nimitz and Stilwell. Ahead was the

Tug is headbrakeman on one of '49er town of Dutch Flat. The time,

America's toughest stretches of railroad 9:55 a.m. %;:}:

—The Hill.

You may know "The Hill"as the theBetweenWortells:DutchRaymond,Flat and GoldJanetRunand live197000-foot Donner Pass over California's month -old Billie. Only a deep gully

high Sierra. Or as that wonderful trip separates their small shingled cottage

through the thick pines and shimmerfrom the railroad rightof-way.

ing lakes of the Mother Lode country the land that Mark Twain and Bret Little Billie had been playing all

Harte put into books. Nearby is that morning in the sandbox out in back of

fabulous lake in the sky called Tahoe. the house.

Railroaders, however, know it as The But at about 10 o'clock, Janet Wortell discovery. a William made Young climb the Sierra over famouc Hill—the not in the sandbox. was In fact, he was S. P.'s beOverland Nevada on Route

tween Chicago and San Francisco, nowhere to be found.

America's first transcontinental line. Two minutes later Janet's mother

A.nyway, it all happened a few months saw him—across the gully—playing

in the very the tracks. railroad center of all that added up I mean to make ago—.. The friendly Southern Pacific rest fast so that. happened front in The riding news. page Tug Tug was

the cab of one of our AC type locomoWell, anyway, Janet rushed down the Headquarters: 65 Market Street. San Francisco!

NOVEMBER, 1944 649 THE AZTEC CONCEPT OF orIn counselorsucceedinginyearsfive otherhe haswardsbeen wherepresidenthe lived. entire has sixtythree the During Kjood and Lvll failed of service in his years never he has

vu Ujf. Charted O. 2Jjloole missionary work among the young people,

and has been instrumental in the progress

ThewasAztecne ofconceptconstantof thecontesting.universe prisonersfood for thefor contestingsacrifice orgodsby sacrificingby taking andand nowgrowthat seventysevenin the wards yearswhereofheage,livedhe

According to Indian mentality the themselves. In Indian legend the sun is still carrying on the good work.

forces of good and evil were in eternal often assumed the form of an eagle and conflict. Often a single god had the descended to drink the blood of the

victim. sacrificed Tlaloc, or punishing. blessing of power Mail The Campaign V

his rain, express could wrath of the god tiger the of and The activities

S. Postal U. Army and Navy eagle TThe lighthail, ice, floods, droughts, with military limited to warriors were not

reemphasizes the impor- A Service religious regular the conquest. During

mail, which effects a savfestivals they danced and sang in their tance of V warrior dress to do honor to the gods. ing of 98% in cargo space over reguIn the Indian manuscripts we often see lar mail. Replacement of supplies and

warriors lay aside their arms to render personnel has become a paramount facin winning cargo so that the war to the deities they are duty tor homage necessary at space than today is more maintain. bound to any other time. V mail is safe, too.

After two years of expanding service, not one V mail letter has been lost.

The V mail forms are being used in many new ways—to send medical inUnusual formation to field hospitals, to reproduce essential army and navy booklets

EAGLE WARRIORS TIGER AND TAKE PART M.I. A. Record and information sheets. FESTIVE CEREMONY IN A

HThis the during rain excessive ning, and A recordis theof A.unusualJ. Curthe also send harvest months. He could

gentle warm rains so beneficial to an tis who was born in agricultural people. Logan, Utah, February

The natives witnessed the lasting 17,Brother1867. Curtis was a member of the first

conflict between the sun and the moon, M.I.A. organized in Logan First Ward,

day and night. Clothing worn by a warOctober 1, 1881, and is still an active memMost popular"year 'rounc("dessert

rior was also an expression of this dual ber after sixtythree years of service. He AS LOW AS m

contest. The tiger (ocelot) warrior was was made secretary January 1886. (He still

roll the has at time.) that used book He HI night, the personification of the the pint a this until position held 1890, when May IN 2 MINUTES. FLAVOR NY vDELICIOUS. evil. eagle PURE ANO the mysterious, he ALWAYS YOU MAKE and The

released his to father with to was go MexiFOR GROCER PLEASE ASK PACKAGE. YOUR IN EACH RECIPES 20 FAMOUS the personification of the warrior was co. in Locating Colonia Diaz he became

light, the the the good. day, and Only first there, president of the M.I.A. organized more distinguished warriors attained October 6, 1 890. One year later he returned 835LOMKMDCftRyHoward Street, San Francisco 3, Calif.

this military rank, and the two orders to Logan and was sustained as first counwere especially designated to secure selor in the M.I.A., Logan First Ward.

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ever heard PRUNING A MBWOP

TOM: Here we go again! Every year it's the

same old job, pruning away all the useless TOM: That's right! And the best wastekiller

growth and deadwood I ever heard of is this plan that cuts the

ED: It pays out come harvest time. I'm all for cost of getting stuff to market.

lopping off waste anywhere you find it. ED: Who's doing that, Tom?

TOM: The Safeway grocery people. For over 28

years now, they've been improving on old TOM: That was just to show you how outof- ways of food distribution—cutting out date old stuff can get!

expenses in between us and the consumers. It means a better deal all around. ED: You've made a strong point. I am beginning to get what you mean.

ED: That's swell. Hey! What goes on here?

My farmer friends sometimes ask me

How can Safeway pay us top prices regularly—and at the same time have

such low prices in the store?

Answer is—Safeway has pioneered a method

that simplifies getting foods to market. We've

cut out needless costs in between producer and consumer. Our method of distribution

without waste saves money—so you fellows

that produce the stuff can be paid more for it, the consumer can buy at thrifty prices and still there's a fair profit for ourselves.

TOM: Glad to see you catch on so quick, Edward. SAFEWAY

THE NEIGHBORHOOD GROCERY STORES

ED: I'll tell you one thing—this Safeway

method sounds good—I'd like to hear INVITATION: Better than a third of our

more about it. customers are farm folks. Learn why.

Trade a full month at your Safeway grocer's—compare what you save!

NOVEMBER, 1944 651 a GOOD READING fo r a the f amily—a th e year

"In the best books, great men talk to us, give us their most precious THE GOSPEL KINGDOM

By John Taylor thoughts and pour their souls into The writings and discourses of the

Church—ours."—Charming. man needs of third whopresidentsaw keenlyof thethe

his people... a wealth of guidexcellent of today. This book

the No one reads a book without being anceneedscontainsand counsel, applicable to the Priesthood study changed, for good or ill, by the course for 194445.

reading. So the choice of a book Price, $2.25

—for a friend... a son... a daughter... is an important matter.

A Bookcraft selection is ALWAYS a good book—for only the finest HIS MANY MANSIONS

chiefly L. D. S. Churchapproved By Rulon S. Howells

books—are offered..teen.. leadingbrief, clearChristiananalyseschurches of thirincluding the Church of Jesus Christ

On this page are described four ofhistories,Latterdayand administrativeSaints. Doctrinesorgan-

izations are set forth authoritativepocket cover chart Handy volumes that should be in every ly. comparisons to makein one enables

edilimited (This is a at glance. a library. home placed should be tion; orders

early.) Price, $2.25

JOSEPH SMITH: I llllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllltOrder now, while II Mllllllllllllbooks areIIUMIII1Iavailable.Mill i my|

ProphetStatesman | The Gospel Kingdom $2.25 |

By Dr. G. Homer Durham | His ManyByMansionsJohn Taylor $2.25 =

S. Howells | Rulon By

of teachings The Joseph ProphetStates- Smith: Joseph 1

signifiSmith assume new - $2.25 = | man

in light the cance of world I Dr. Durham 1 G. Homer By

in developments. adHere, $2.25 s E Standards Gospel

dition to religious teachings i Grant J. Heber By | for life, his he gave which Reconciliations.-$1.85 I and Evidences

is forth set philpolitical a |E I "Widtsoe A. Dr. John By

field osophy, covering the $1.25 i In the Gospel Net |

of human I A. relationships—inDr. Widtsoe i By John

dividual, national, and $2.50 of Smith F. | Joseph 3 Life this world wide. book Read |= Smith Fielding By Joseph

catch of point -and a new = $1.25 of the Times Signs

view for solution the Smith Fielding |I Joseph By political world problems. ofA $1.25 Perfection to I Way | for every ward book MUST Smith E Fielding By Joseph

library. and home I $2.00 of the i High Most Temples

= 1 B. Lundwall N. By

Price, $2.25 i rjThe Vision $1.25 =

= By N. B. Lundwall |

I Brigham Young, the Colonizer..$3.00 |

By Dr. Milton R. Hunter

Sam Brannan and the California

Mormons $1.75

By Paul Bailey I I $2.50 Saint The Gay D

I Bailey Paul By EVIDENCES AND i $2.50 This Glory For | My RECONCILIATIONS 1 Bailey Paul By

1 $1.50 This Always and Day | Dr. A. John Widtsoe By L. Richard Evans By I= $1.50 Hills the Unto 1 to are answers Here D

i L. Evans Richard By inquiring that questions minds—ofimportant

all asking. constantly ages—are

is practical application The book kr,<rto'a THE BOOKCRAFT COMPANY I of to our commodern, Mormonism = 18 Street 1 Richards life will that help plex book a... the above: checked Please books send | face, to with greater family every IE 1 order or check money $ confusing assurance, problems nflflENCES C.O.D. enclosed. Send I | gift of ideal for missiontoday. Anthe

= - BffiONCiUHI Servicearies, men.stake missionaries, and IE NameAddress -

Price, $1.85 | All orders will receive prompt attention. |

.iilllllllllllUIIIIIIIIlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllUpiMtllriHIIIIIIIIIIH

THE COMPANY 18 RICHARDSBOOKCRAFTSTREET SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH 652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOVEMBER, 1944 653ADMONITION anJ BLESSING

[resident *-J4eber /j. Ljrant &

Address presented at the opening session of the \\5th semiannual general conference, Friday morning,

October 6, 1944, in the Tabernacle

ttgain, my brethren, I am privileged to be with you in

L\ another general conference of the Church, and I

L A- bear testimony that I know it is by the healing

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT and sustaining power of God that I am here. In another

six or seven weeks, the Lord being willing, I shall begin the eightyninth year of my life; and shall have completed sixtytwo years since I became one of the apostles; and shall have served twentysix years as

president of the Church. In all this, and in much else, the Lord has blessed me richly; and I am grateful

I can say that I am better now than I have been during some of the weeks and months just passed. I

cpme to the office nearly every day, and I refrain from speaking to you now only on counsel of my doctor, whose advice I usually take.

I thank the Latterday Saints from the bottom of my heart for their faith and for their prayers in supplicating God in my behalf, for his spirit, for health, for vigor in body and mind. I am here as a

witness that God does hear and answer prayer, and I pray that his blessings may be upon Israel and upon all honest men everywhere.

Blessing to Those Who Work in the Church

I desire especially to extend my blessing to all the men and women who preside in all the stakes of

Zion throughout the Church, in all the missions, in all the wards, in all the quorums of the priesthood, and in all the auxiliary organizations. I am convinced beyond the shadow of a doubt that there cannot

be found in any part of the world any other men and women giving so unselfishly of their time, of their talents, and of the best that is in them, for the salvation of the souls of men. I am satisfied that there are

no other people who are devoting so much of their time, of their money, of their thoughts, and of their very being for the advancement of God's work at home and abroad, as are the Latterday Saints. And

with all the power that God has given me, I desire to bless the men and women who are thus giving their time and thought and are setting examples that are worthy of imitation, not only to those over whom they preside, but to all men. Every man and woman who is laboring for the salvation of the souls of men

and keeping the commandments of God is entitled to be blessed, and I pray God that his blessings may come to them.

Faith and Protection of Our Youth

Particularly in this critical time, do I pray for the youth of this generation, and for all those who labor for and with them, and who are responsible for their instruction. Their lives are beset by many

temptations and evils and designs by those whom the Lord has chosen to refer to as "conspiring men."I

pray that those who are at home and those who are away, in the armed forces and elsewhere, will be kept from evil in all its forms, by the prayers and righteous examples of their parents, by remembrance of the teachings in their homes and Church, by their own faithfulness and prayerfulness, and by the protecting influence of the angels of heaven.

There comes to mind an experience in connection with my brother, Fred, after our father died.

Because of the mistreatment of a stepfather, and neglect, as a young man my brother ran away, and I was told by Brother Marriner W. Merrill, at that time bishop of Richmond, Utah, that the night after

my brother ran away, he, Brother Merrill, went to bed rebellious. He said:

I turned to my wife, Sister Merrill, and said, "I feel that the Lord should have inspired me to take that boy away from the man who has reared him. He has abused and beaten him. His father is dead, and his mother has left the

Church, and now he has gone out into the world with no hope that he will ever come back again."

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And that night, so Brother Merrill than death itself. There is no true Lattold me, he had a dream in which he terday Saint who would not rather

saw my brother in all kinds of wicked bury a son or a daughter than to have company in different states, and he saw him or her lose his or her virtue—realizthat a light surrounded him. In the ing that virtue is of more value than

dream he said: "What does that light anything else in all the wide world.

mean?"And a voice answered: The devil is ready to blind our eyes

this he world, and of things with the the influence that That is a faithful, Godlife, the of eternal gladly us robfearing father Godserving and can have would over a son to keep him from going astray, greatest of all gifts. But it is not given

and to eventually bring him back to the to the devil, and no power will ever be truth. given to him, to overthrow any Latteris the keeping Saint commandday who later Years brother did when my is given power no of There God. ments joined back thecome as and Church, deto souls of men's the adversary to

I related last here fulconference, he if duty. But our are doing stroy us wefilled Merrill's Brother dream, because

if with honest absolutely not are we MerrillBrother that said he him saw let then the bars down, then God, we alllaboring the over bringing Church, fortificathe part of destroyed have we to boys a thewayward of knowledge the protected, are tions and which we by truth, and labor he did to from Canada in. ever has devil no But man come may in that service.Mexico gospel, lost the of testimony the no man

I light that to sursure need a we am truth the of the has knowledge had who girls this in our day,round boys and left, to right to the or the ever turned

I that influence protecting the prayand HITHERTO DISCOVERED A RECENTLY his duties, attending to was who who PRESIOF UNPUBLISHED PHOTOGRAPH faithful,of Godfearing, Godserving the of keeping was Wisdom, who SEVENWord TAKEN AT ABOUT GRANT, DENTparents follow keep them them and may AGE. TEEN YEARS Of tithing, rehis paying was was who

I go. that they believe withwherever his calls duties the of to sponding and

the faithfulness and obedience of paroffice and calling in the Church. them, as the children of Israel, and not

ents influences in proper and the home, 89:1821.) (D. them. C. as a slay 6 as before, ever than we More instruction with properand and examthroughout scattered abroad are people orso father mother and every allple youth, to keep from can them May we shoulders our upon carry world, the we will their that lives their example der subtleties evilthe one. the of the speak, of so to reputation, the children, their and to inspiration an be I people our young with sympathize the us. young of one every And Church, all Latterday that realize every beset that temptations may the ofbecause of today who young and women men extent, certain carries, upon to a Saint I to I have, as them, always urgethem. getting being are smart by they think of reputation the shoulders his or her fully. In Christlive of gospel Jesus the their in little liquor little a and a wine to Christ. are trying the of Church hapwill healththat they have and We way the that Lord doing which homes, and to Godfearing, children raise be our in will successpiness with meet and foundatells laying a are do, to not them imitation live the lives of to worthy and life eternity of willthis an and have their to will lead eventually that tion

all revelathe read men. of life we in to in come. store for the Mayjoy them breakon go cannot destruction. They his Son the tions Almighty of and Lord the to meet courageI bless with them the of Lord ing the commandments given to that Christ, been have Jesus lie that ahead.problems rapids. the getting into without And in the us, contained Doctrine and as

of rapids rapids? the are The what Virtue Concerning a with read them Covenants; we may of times nine out drinking, moderate heart, seeking prayerful humble a and I this that the at time also to say want exten, drinking, excessive to and lead live strength for to and power virtue. God is evil lack of of thecrying age the destrucdrinking leads to cessive at are or whether them, away home we is of morality standard but oneThere faith. of of tion and of mind and body listen give home; from and and may wein Christ. been the have of Church We actually Saint Latterday who Any of the leaders to counsel our who heed been us oftaught, have thousands who in the conbelieves commandments

I all the with us are today, with pray childthis in ourreared from Church in tained the Covenants Doctrine and

I that possess. power only to that murder days, secondhood for regard advancement no have must

Iis virtue; losing sin of the our and is life fails in to keep he what when of Prayer Power The fathers to the the to to saywant and the as of There Wisdom. known Word daughters, to the sonsmothers, and and little the fear for or I have no boyiOr is absolutely benefit to no any human

in in our ImprovePrimary, our Mutual girl, the the the or young yang man being derived breaking from the Word associations, seminaries in our andment honestly conscienand woman, who for is everything there but of Wisdom, institutes, in the School, Rein Sunday tiously daily supplicates, for. the God his benefit, intellectually, morally, physalllief in of our priest- I spirit. and his of surefeat guidance am it. ically, spiritually in obeying and

it understoodhood want will temptation they have comes Society,quorums—I those when say to does the Lord What

that liquor use of the tobacco is one and instrength the the to overcome it by his commandments? obey who

in the chief ofof the the hands means spiration shall that them. to be given

adversary whereby he is enabled to lead And all saints who remember to keep and Supplicating the Lord for the guidance boys and girls from virtue. do these sayings, walking in obedience to of his spirit places around us a safeshall the health receive commandments, their lose those always if Nearly earnestly who in guard, honestly and and we

their to bones; navel and marrow firstvirtue things that their those of partake spirit the of the the of seek guidance

find shall treasures great and wisdom Andexcite passions within lower I or them will assure that Lord, can you we treasures; of hidden knowledge, even

their their resistance becloud it. minds. and receive that convinced of one I am shall weary, run not be and and And

Partaking of tobacco and liquor is calshall walk and not faint. the greatest and one of the best things

culated to make them a prey to those And I, the Lord, give unto them a promin all the world to keep a man true and things which, if indulged in, are worse ise, that the destroying angel shall pass by (Continued on page 694)

Uke (Lditord jaqa NOVEMBER, 1944 655

POSTWAR PLANNING

in the Mcowie

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

We sometimes speak of our trials. I homes we are going to bring these boys

wonder if we remember what must be back. Is there to be contention; is there

the trials of the Lord. He was sorely to be faultfinding; is there to be distried in the days of Noah. He was tried cord? Is it to be to homes without faith,

with Sodom and Gomorrah. He was without righteousness, homes in which

tried by Israel. He has been tried in our unchastity dwells with its corrupting

day. 1 am sure he is being tried now. curse? Or are we to bring them back

We alone, we of the older men—not the into homes of patience and charity, into

vouth whom we have sent out to fight homes of righteous living? Are we goof into to bring back homes them the ing for responsible are our battles—we

chastity, of of of love, confidence exand in this world. conditions God will

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. pect us, of this group of priesthood of respect for their fellow men? Are we

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday going to bring them back into Lattercarefully there Saint homes, and the act as day to us will expect Saints—he the at delivered Friday Address shall until rebuild, once they nurture and saved could have righteous ten who

session the 115th morning of as be normal as near if become more may Abraham Gomorrah, and Sodom general semiannual conferbring to back going them Are men? we find many. so to able been had

in 6, 1944, ence October his in faith faith in of into God, homes the Tabernacle YX7E hear a great deal today about Son, Jesus Christ, and his atoning mis- * * postwar planning. It relates prision and sacrifice, faith in the restored

here and the Saints everymarily, always, to our economic life. 1 gospel and in Joseph Smith, with all that

where rejoice in the inspiration, am not much impressed with this planthat implies?WEthe hope, the counsel, and the ning, because in my view there are too That is a bit of postwar planning that

blessing of the great message of Presimany uncertain elements connected can be done by every man and the head dent Grant. May he live yet many therewith to enable us wisely to plan. of every family in this Church and in

years to give us his wise leadership. We shall have to wait and see what the this nation, and in the world. It is a

I humbly pray that while I stand bepostwar brings through forces and elepostwar planning that requires no fore you, I shall have an interest in ments over which we have no control. knowledge of new elements. It is a

your faith and prayers, that I may be But there is one bit of postwar planpostwar planning that merely requires able to say something that will be enning that we can do, and to that I would that we shall live the gospel, seek the couraging and upbuilding in these times like to refer. Our boys, children almost, Spirit of the Lord, ask his help, a plan-

o| stress. These are trying times. Satan have gone out to do battle on the battlening that requires that we and our famiis walking up and down throughout the fronts of the world. We sent them out lies shall live in accordance with the

earth. He is wielding a power and an boys, in their innocence, in their inexprinciples which he has given to us.

influence greater than ever has been beperience, in their joyousness. We are How can we do that? By prayer, by

fore in my generation. We shall be able going to have them back men, premature keeping the Word of Wisdom, by love,

to keep the commandments of the Lord men, who have undergone trials of by respect for the rights of others, by and carry out his work only as the Lord which we know nothing, who faced that companionship in the home beshall give us help, give us strength, and death consciously, day after day. Some tween mother and father, brothers and

only as we shall live for those blessings. of them will return—we hope most of sisters, that can take the wounded soul

their in over triumph about to our has been the the family, of was and back bosom boast—I them—glorious their sin, to take able temptations and uponto has out poured it whole. make God Itsay—that

this as people of and as the leaders place last since years in the hundred us Latterday Saints I urge one upon you the establishing of the gospel a fulness the leaders of the nation, seasoned in this postwar planning. It is your duty

of knowledge and of wisdom as to matrighteousness, seasoned in courage, to your own; it is your duty to yourself;

ters spiritual, not only, but also as to seasoned in everything that goes to it is your duty to your God. It is within

matters temporal never before equaled make a man and a servant of God. the reach of each and every one.

in the same time in the whole history But some are coming back wounded of the world. in spirit and in mind by hate, by revenge, 'TP'he Savior, commenting to the multi-

I need not recount to you the achieveby a willingness to kill, and sometimes tude after John's disciples had come ments in science, in art, and in all that by a will to kill, wounded and corrupted and asked about him and whether he is done to make life comfortable and under compulsion in thoughts and acts was the Savior, said:

entered never concepts have which and forces the harnessedsecure. have We all that are labour unto me, ye and Come hearts. are coming our and minds in They they never have a beenof nature way

I rest. will laden, give heavy and you questioning, questioning sometimes back prolific has before. beenharnessed God learn you, of upon and yoke Take my of his the existence who, a blesseven of usin the God showering upon I in for heart: lowly and as me; and meek am

it, tolerate at not such they lookings, would yet, blessed having us so he and find souls. shall rest unto your ye

and so brought things to our service, things as they have gone through, they For my yoke is easy, and my burden is we are now engaged in using everv one not understanding that we have brought light. (Matt. 11:2830.)

of them that is available and usable of these ills upon ourselves. What are we

art and science to the destruction of going to do with these? God grant that to every father and

our fellow men. Nothing that art or I am not thinking of their making a mother, to every wife there will come the

science has done but is used now to livelihood. That is the least of the probpower to prepare themselves to receive

kill. lems. I am wondering into what kind of ( Concluded on page 695

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WILL NATIONS AVERT a WoJd War III?

By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Address delivered at the Saturday "greedy avarice,""haughty assertion afternoon session of the 1 15th of preeminence,""illconcealed hypocsemi-annual general conferrisy"which was often hidden under a ence October 7, 1944, in venerable assumption of superior holithe Tabernacle ness.

No wonder the Savior, seeing such pray I may have your sympathy and division among the people, prayed to the faith and prayers while I stand beFather so earnestly in behalf of his own

I fore you to discharge this duty. little flock to keep them "one as we are

Many appropriate references have one."No wonder the Savior, discernbeen made during this conference to the ing perfectly the deceit and hypocrisy PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

desirability of peace. I am wondering underneath the glassedover outside of

religion, if uttered peace does and come whether when such scathing denuncia- I. Development of Brutal Instincts sufficiently he said: will nations tion when wise to be the

avert a third world war.... Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, HPhe seeds of war lie in man's nature. A first for the hypocrites! of at shut germinate the seeds up kingdom ye These near, he beheld he come was And when neither for against men: heaven ye go selffor selfpreservation, in natural urge

it, city, the over and wept suffer that neither yourselves, are them ye for perpetuation desire or conquest. a

thou, If hadst even thou known, Saying, in. entering 23:13.) to go (Matthew

fruit of and seeds is hatred such The this things the least in which thy day, at belong unto thy peace! but now they are Such were the people whom the Son brutality.

hid from thine eyes. (Luke 19:41, 42.) of Man saw when he stood twenty cenKnowing this, the world's chief gangturies ago on the Mount of Olives and ster trained his youth to be brutal. In

According to tradition, when these "beheld the city and wept over it."anticipation, indeed, in glorification of

spoken, stood on Jesuswords were conflict, this that declared he armed man picture weeptoday him So may we a opposite Olives,the of Mount train brutal. to youth "In be would my ing in a weltering over an orgy world in the surroundingpoint walls Jerugreat he, "I said educative work,"am fired of because gangsters blood a few ofsalem, yards the a south Gate few... eginning the with young. Weakselfishness, for desire revenge and by this bespotBeautiful. one From may... ness has of them. out to be knocked conquest Impelled have gone mad. historic beautiful of that ahold view violently intrepid, active, dominating, A avarice, arrogating greedy to by andcity. I is after. brutal what am racial superiority, youth—that themselves they

It is wonderfully picturesque, with strode forth to subdue, to conquer, and There must be no weakness or tenderits quaint, flatroofed houses, church to kill. There was nothing left for lawness in it. I want to see once more in its

towers, and mosque domes covering the abiding, peaceloving people to do but eyes the gleam of pride and independis built.four hills of the beast of prey."on which Jerusalem to their try to prevent depredations and ence

it It is significant is impressive that view one hundred years even now;The is murder. the thunderroar The result

must have been inspiring when Jesus of a million cannons, the devastation of before this egotistic leader began to beheld it in all its Herodian splendor. cities and farms, the wailing and sufferpoison the minds of youth, a German philosopher—Heinrich children, Heine—warned the groans and city, ing it of women of the But was the inhabitants the German people that: of the of the dying, and wounded and the buildings or combeautiful thenot

Evils will rise follow of the "Germanic of the death the of chosen youth our that Savior the saw viewmanding pantheism,"will there because then awake he land. tear eyes when bedimmedthrough in fighting that find folly that him among we

... the "If hadstcried: thou known fights the ancient that neither to Germans, of quarter only a a pproximately A peace! belong thy untothings which kill fight. to conquer, nor to but simply ** listened the ago, to century world thine are hid from theybut is its that fairest now has—and fighting nations of of clanging the arms that the mitigated brutal 19:42.) Gereyes."(Luke saw He Christianitymerit—somewhat that supposed in a worldwide war was it lust battle. for could destroy not But man conflicting into divided andpeople

contending sects, each professing more to end war forever. Up to that time it it; and once the taming talisman, the cross,

is in history. the battlers broken, the of old savagery the bloodiest war was the righteousnessholiness than and

flare will again, insane the of rage up which nations, leaders of Again, misguided their the all closing toother eyes and sing. to bards Nordic so say have and much of materialism, the have worshiping godtruth. conservative the were There is brittle. will talisman That day come The

II, unless and brought on World the rigidly to War holdingHebraic Jews, it will pitiably collapse. old the when Then

Mosaic law; there were the more liberal the nations avoid the evil things which stone gods will rise from forgotten rubble

minded, Hellenistic Jews whose views caused this war, there will be a World and rub the dust of a thousand years from had been modified by pagan philosophy; War III even more destructive, more their eyes; and Thor will leap up and with

his giant start smashing Gothic terrible hammer the conpresent than murderousthere Essenes a with few were cathedrals, crash hear. and a you when flict. like effects. causes Like producetheir the rejection asceticism of and

in history, nothing. ever. crashed as world the Priesthood; thereAaronic exigencies were while trying the of Now, you'll that the has thunder know German

lifeless their formal with hearts,Sadducees and are wringing our it would war hit the that the will mark. eagles sound At

observance of the Sabbath, and their seem the part of wisdom for men to fall dead from the sky, and the lions in the denial of the resurrection; and, finally, examine some of the basic causes that farthest desert of Africa will put in their

the Pharisees with their "ostentatious produce armed conflict with the view tails and slink away into their royal caves.

almsgiving,""broadened phylacteries,"of avoiding them in the future. (Continued on page 658)

NOVEMBER, 1944 657 A play"will be performed that will make Two thousand years ago Jesus wept to each nation, however small, however

Revolutionthe French seem the of inhabitants like a harmless over Jerusalem, seemingly backward, the right of self-...Jdyll in comparison. to the which were blind things which determination.

Beware! I wish you well; that is why I pertained to their peace. Today contentell you the bitter truth. You have more to tion, strife, and hatred are manifest be- V. Seek Material Advancement as

fear than from a liberated from Germany Spiritual capital to Attainment bitlabor tween unions, a Means and and its all Alliance the with Croats whole Holy terness of advocates among Nazism, Heine, (Heinrich Cossacks.and of Works in spirit men's gospel of the the \T7ith Fascism, Capitalism. Communism, and ed. 5153.) Kesen,Prose, Hermann by pp. "* the will accept hearts, nations excellent matter of these any how No

is desired to integrity truth that be more II. of Humanitarian Collapse in their the The seem of minds advomay

Principles cates, none will ameliorate the ills of than intellectual acumen or the accumuwill then look lation wealth. of Men its unless in operation mankind governfor ancient substitution gods ofHThe as not material an advancement upon ment be impregnated with the basic ** the followed Christianity by was spiritual itself, to in as but a means end principles of the promulgated Savior by principles, humanitarian of collapse the will attainment. recognize They the contrary, men. defective even a On in said Appeal and, as "An Erwin Will first kingsignificance of the ye "Seek will economic system reproduce good to!to back were Sense,"men Common his righteousness; of and and God, dom if sults it the will direct men be who hordes. barbarian ethics of thethe all shall things these unto be added spirit the guided of Christ. by becentury twentieth the of Barbarians school Statesmen, churchmen, you."spirit, that Actuated leaders will by in killed which manner fore any Christ officers, civic teachers, newspapers think of than the success more of men so suggested. their imagination And all in public opinion any mold who way of a system. Kindness, jusmercy, and twentieth the of civilized man do spiritual intelligentlynow grapple with must tice will substituted for be hatred, susof Christ. after barbarianscentury The decay. apathy moral and picion, is greed. and There to road no Christ before century twentieth the realize that only must day Some men universal peace, which not lead does the children killed of the and women religion satisfy the true yearning can to the of heart humanity. to tribal selfinterest as seemedenemy soul.

dictate, and so now do socalled civilIII. To Avoid Another War, Then,

ized men of the twentieth century after People Must Change Their VI. Two Great Forces Point the

Christ. The barbarians of the twentieth Way of Thinking Way to Peace

of slaves Christ century before made I forces leading the see great two that TVTen say long so as nature human people, or forced the them conquered A the of another abyss from World way is as to the near animal nature as civilized virtually tribute; to so do pay into the of progrealm peace and it is, War selfishness, that suspicion, greed, after century of twentieth themen ress gospel the Jesus America and of chicanery, will to continue pervade and Christ. Christ. govern If society. that human true be in their eyes brutal having youth,""A great the has to opportunity America then rise must inthe man animal above the of of harp beast "the prey"gleam intrigue political lead the world from stincts, strive for and the higher and far jungle, as the from of the to back law national cheap and from demagoguery, life. If more this abundant requires a as of Christ hades the from teaching selfishness, unrighteous usurpation from of change nature, then human human is avarice, of It doctrine the heaven! of aggrandizepower, unholy and from nature must this changed. be point, On hate. selfishness, and ment. the to prove peoples must She Beverley Nichols writes impressively:

There are some things which man of Europe and of all the world that she can change nature. You human man No hate injustice, should serve, should desire to has ends no selfish no hate—he felt has in spirit the Christ, of him in all who wickedness hypocrisy; hate for hate conquest, national arrogance of no for half even minute, this a truth, deny can mankind. its hate superiority. forms, race ideals or but never these When the truth great little lies. one of world in a

We hope and pray that this second You do change human nature, your own are established America can blaze the

World War will soon come to an end, human nature, if you surrender it to him. trail and lead the world to peace.

is to deny this only proclaim yourself To as heavyhearted warweary, that and is land die This hate a should where.. fool. uneducated an peace. again have peoples What may is strife land cease, This a should where nature be. can changed, here Human and all the after suffering, all the After then? foul, fly suspicious fear should Where now.

life, shall be flag light of Before destruction our of peace. and human we nature has in changed, been the Human

it start all over to as blind have so past.

I repeat, will But permanent peace If is permitted of hate the again? germ must be changed, Human nature on only in the the application found an be of to strive if scale, in nations the future, strong enormous to unless develop, the

dominate the weak as Mussolini did world is to be drowned in its own blood. principles of the gospel of peace. Christ

Ethiopia, as Japan did Manchuria; And only Christ can change it.... came to earth to bring peace and good

will. said: "I lot did to he quite not to Twelve the a came men change When in if the nations, ruling mighty the few

world, nineteen years ago. hundred peace, but send sword,"Twelve a perceived he dominate to seek warfare, ofimplements simple men, only with the to bear wind them eternal the principles acceptance of how tell to nations to them andweaker how the seas, over with only in their a pence few ties, might render the dearest asunder if sucthey do; seek live to what and pockets, faith shining their in a and hearts. foes a and man's become how may their shut in materialism cess and only fell far short their of ideal, their They words his those of household. Asserting own if souls; they twisted of value false were eyes the to mocked, human and temples and

reject the teachings of Christ and pursue were built over their bones, in praise of a the principles of the gospel over everytheir selfish interests, history will repeat Christ they would have rejected. And yet, thing else, he added: "He that loveth

itself, the world will be plunged into by the light of their inspiration many of the father or mother more than me is not loveliest things world's created, of that were he worthy loveth me; son and and in pity again the war,another and Lord

finest of the inspired. world's minds many is or daughter than not more worthy me folly will the and over weep and sorrow

that, did If twelve of nineteen but the me."hundred men he emphasized Thus race. the blindness of human years ago, might twelve not what truth men do great that printhe of acceptance

today? the has given For us God power now is ciples of the gospel the pursupreme will maintained be and come T)eace of across whispering space, transmitting of life. of pose the of the triumph * only through our the thoughts earth one end from to the has Again himself revealed Lord the conseof peace, principles and by shall another. What we ofwhisper—what to in that revelation man, and be may is of shall think? the the question. of enemies subjugation quent That we (The

peace, which are hatred, envy, illgot- Fool Hath Said, p. 272.) found the answer to the perplexities

of yearnings soul. the and human exercise of unrighteous gain, the ten IV. Eliminate Arrogance of in this Again said: Christ has age to these Yielding of men. dominion

evils brings misery to the individual, Superiority... I am the light of the world: he that

unhappiness to the home, war among \I7ith the spirit of Christ in their followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but nations, with resultant misery and *"hearts no nation will arrogate to shall have the light of life. (John 8:12.)

death. itself superiority over others, but give {Concluded on page 708)

658 THC IMPROVEMENT ERA wraith TRUE TO THE By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Saturday afternoon session of the \\5th semiannual general conference October 7, 1944, in the Tabernacle

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

Bible contained all that the Lord had the groundwork of the Church since itthink nobody could stand here and spoken and would speak. But when this was organized.

look over an audience like this and young man, not yet fifteen years of age, Reference has been made to the fact

I fail to be impressed with the imlistened to the voice of his Heavenly that we are engaged in a terrible war.

portance of this occasion. Men who Father, he knew that the heavens were We are involved in it, far though we

come here from all over the United not sealed and that the Lord could are from the scenes of conflict. But there

States to be here in general conference speak again; and soon he began his are two wars going on, one a war for

for three days, paying the expense inministry. During the period from that the destruction of human life and propcurred, and sitting in meetings day time until now, the representatives of erty, the other for the destruction of

after day to be instructed by other men, the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattereternal happiness. The latter one is the

are certainly in earnest. Yet, this has day Saints have traversed many parts most serious because it is eternal.

been the custom of this Church from of the world, and have gone with kindToday we have comparatively few the beginning. ness and love in their hearts and invitaregularly called missionaries in the

The purpose of our being together is tions to their fellows to accept the mesworld, but we have about 80,000 memthat we may think seriously, and wait sage of truth, not to give up any good bers of the Church in the armed servupon the Lord. We are living eternal thing they have possessed, but to add ices of our nation. If they have been

life, and here in mortality is the opto the good things that they did have, properly taught in their homes, and have portunity that God has given to us to and put themselves in condition to know availed themselves of that teaching and prepare for happiness. I sometimes the purpose of life. conformed their lives to the inspiration

have said to my friends when they The result has been that the memberthat should come therefrom, all of seemed to be at the crossroads, uncership of this Church has continued to them are missionaries. Thus, there

tain as to which way they wanted to go, increase. Driven from their homes reare today in the world, by example, if

"Today is the beginning of eternal happeatedly, under the guidance of a not by precept, 80,000 missionaries piness or eternal disappointment for prophet of God, they finally settled in laboring for the cause of the Master, you."We have our free agency; the the tops of these everlasting hills, and demonstrating by their conduct that

Lord will not take it away from us. from that time until now, this land, then they know that God lives and that Jesus

About a hundred and twentyfive desolate and forbidding, has continued is the Christ.

years ago a boy fourteen years of age, to produce, until today it is as the garden Many of them may not return; quite

named Joseph Smith, lived with his of the Lord. a number of them have already given

parents near Manchester, New York. their lives in order that liberty of conthe pioneers came into this science and religion may remain in theHe was taught to study the Bible. In When

the community in which he dwelt when valley, on the 24th of July, 1847, world, but they have faced their probhe was fourteen years of age they were this was a wilderness. Today comfortlems believing they were doing their

holding religious revivals. The various able homes, houses of religious worship, duty to God as well as their country.

denominations were inviting those who business places, all these things have They have this assurance if they have came to the meetings to join one of come, built from the grassroots, if you kept the commandments of God, that their groups. This boy was a little unwill, by a people who came with only they are living eternal life, that they will

certain about which group he should what they could bring in their wagons, be resurrected from the dead, and that join. He wanted to belong to the one and from that time until now they have they will again have the companionship

that would please his Heavenly Father. believed in God and have worshipped of those they love when this earth shall

He had read in the Bible: "If any of him in spirit and in truth. They have have been cleansed of all impurity and

you lack wisdom, let him ask of God sent more than 60,000 of their own become the celestial kingdom.

who giveth to all men liberally and upmembers into the world to divide with braideth not, and it shall be given him,"our Father's other children the gospel '"Today you men are here with that and with that in his mind, he decided to of Jesus Christ, our Lord. serious thought in your minds, and as

put it to the test. The Lord would tell The result has been that we have conyou read the papers—and it is very dishim which church he should be identified tinued to be happy; we pass through the tressing to read the papers—and as you

with. experiences of mortality like other peoexamine the public magazines that come

He went out into the woods near his ple, but we have had an anchor that has to your table, you see that not only is home and knelt down to pray. His made our lives delightful, and when we the world at war, but it is drinking in

own statement is that he saw the Fawere in doubt, like the Prophet Joseph the filth and degradation of humanity ther and the Son, and in answer to his Smith when he was a boy, we have this through the printed word, and through question as to which church he should comfort: If we will go to the Lord in the information that is scattered broadjoin, they informed him that not any of prayer, he will give us comfort. cast. I was thinking today, if the magathem was pleasing to the Lord, and Reference has been made in this conzines that I find upon the tables of my

that if he would be faithful there would ference to the importance of seeking brethren and sisters, the popular magabe given to him a great opportunity to the Lord in prayer. And we should zines of the day, had been brought into

bring new light into the world. That know that our prayers will not avail my mother's home when I was a child,

was the beginning of the Church of Jesus us much unless we repent of our sins. I would have been denied the privilege

Christ of Latterday Saints. Faith, repentance, baptism by immerof looking at the pictures and reading

Prior to that the people did not besion for the remission of sins, laying on the stories. There is so much in them

lieve that God could be seen; they did of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, that is debasing and destructive of the

not believe that we would have any are the fundamental teachings of our morals of humanity. But we go serenely

additional information. They said the Heavenly Father to us, and have been (Continued on page 660)

NOVEMBER, 1944 659

(Continued from page 659) along and our children are exposed tothose things. If we are properly taught, APOSTATE FACTIONS

it is a joy to have in our homes the of virtue, the sweetness of rightpurity frolicowm a tke rf/adurdiomeousness. VII A number of years ago I was riding

Cutler Alpheus train of prominent our with a oneon Jmlin do6epk of fine characterCatholic very bishops—a founders faction some were

notes, visited as and compared we There—and that the convinced were who referwith expressionshe some made the after preside should Twelve E. By faith CECIL the Saints the to of Latterdayence McGAVIN later dreams they had yet martyrdom,

their high morality, of standardand and Historian's the Office Church Of small of groups leaders the of becoming like tointimated he would know why this their was number of own. Among

it that able maintain to were was we been Cutler, member a had Alpheus who I talk bear Smith. heard them and When desirable condition.such a in council had high the of Nauvoo. of the He concerning testimony power God I in said: confided and him "From the the burial in they of adwitnessed secret through the assisted which had

I mother's taught knee have beenmy it ministration the prophet, of Smith Joseph the well so martyrs and by known was thisthat of kept should be mine body like in of almost our being one was own called affectionately that Saints he was thesacred, of tabernacle as immortal an in fast the Zion, Saints hearing meetings and Cutler. only place a "Father"few A I Ispirit. child their taught at our In a of testimony home. bear one when was was miles Quarters from Winter was named

close elderly lady, meetings apparently an in livingthat clean to be most was my in his "Cutler's honor. Park"in of the arose eighty to age, conyears I said, fact,"important. In one "upon the idea ocplains the upon While I asked while gregation speaking and was calledoccasion father to him me my that to curred Cutler "Father"Joseph privilege remarks, for the to a few make I just a he youngwhen was man, and

I ordained Smith to once I a had him their in chapel, on go preaching and, as was

Isaid, I son, something have want 'My she special willingly consented. Indians. mission comthe to very This When "Ito to you.'said say bishto the And that told she speech, her us she had menced fulfil suitable to the seemed a time ap-

I father; "I lovedop: almost wormy than forgotten about more "Mormonism"pointment, the he so opposing soon was

him, said that anythingshipped I he and strong then bore she a known, ever and had interests. his pushing Twelve and own

of the the restoration concerningto testimony said, into soul. sank deep me He my three hundred about persuaded He I gentle careful In gospel. way, a very and son, evil in reports there of are'My their to as pioneers the accept him of if believed her, she her asked followed andthe community; bad and bad men womthis leader. nucleus founded he With the Christ, of organized the that by Church in different areen parts coming of from in Iowa, settlement Mills County, a Smith, could be compared Prophet Joseph

Ithe country, at time. or one a two cut little to later Daniel stone saw the Fremont which County which with moved

that if will avoidhope them, but you destined which the and mountain, was of out state. in the they a time a For had same

by any chance any wicked man were to settlement in Kansas where they to roll forth until it filled the whole earth.

enter into our home and attempt to take preached to the Indians of that region. She answered in the affirmative. Then I

rolling virtuethe of sister, now, stone that or was mother your her where asked your the that since teach to Cutler began the of if followers the true I people were her to father want from you your know gospel the and rejected Gentiles had I, said "you Smith. "And,"Prophet Joseph I that expect to that would you defend and prophets, the killed Joseph had rolling, stone ceased the has that admit must life. virtue with said, Then,'your he be should gospel Smith, the the of organization without Hyrum are here as you is all. I 'that not lay the obligasame to missionaries only out sending preached and them without priesthood, taken from

tion with reference upon you to every in a are such temples; building you up argued or the Indians the and "Jews. Heother man's daughter.'wife and that the to inactivity as say work of state Gentiles times the of since the was that

the I bishop at looked if said: As me, here, right your stopped the has of Lord the fulfilled to gospel the must go now

into sank soul, is "That correct."2 has and been theory my perthe only since Indians, he and was

I as to as armor traveled have me for authorized such Smith son Joseph by it through the world, has and been a as organization, preside therefore, mission, known should, he a now THIS 1 joy to to to hold up Father's me our Christ,"the church. over of whole Jesus Church True "The other children that standard virtue: of

1 Incalled in in he 864, his death small membership before very has a Just shall not only not have our dewe own of a told elders memberthem Missouri, a his and of and dependence, some spoiled, but it should that to see we no in north, settlement between to far the Mintheir land beautiful ship at former other man's family should despoiled."be establish of principles to they lakes, were nesota. permanent where The two looked at said: "I He and thank me Indians. the of to faith and preach order their the are Enoch and colony a for that Iyou suggestion. never have all disciples found his year for following dead. Since 1913 the baptisms The just I anything heard like that. hope you is the to Ottertail County, Minnechurch their at ClitheralL property deeded will I if it I have no objection repeat as to resemsota, a in seemed except where which country a held common, and go people."among my is their aged given description ble marries a the by female man who member is It regrettable in that the toworld their In church. the leader. of not a member in day cases many not apmen do settlement, Missouri, their in little which In northern Independence, chapel preciate that this is temple of the body in continue white of north miles they forty font any a which have they was sacred and should so held, be that this

state, to in they preach the for dead. began the colony baptize to of oursbody given to as us was a tabnation, of the Indians to the Chippewa in the Reorthe "evidence"Like for ernacle spirit the while are here we success. going north, Before with but no to continue quote they ganized Church, in mortality, but spirit that the is that in in converting they succeeded however, present speat 'witnesses"were who this tabernacle is from came God. He Indian Denna, one Lewis named who cial meetings Smith emwhen Joseph it. the If Father of that, realized men his extensive had done among work the fact that given the phasized had he careful muchhow more they would be in people Nebraska. Kansas and With that others, so to keys he was when to this protect it tabernacle and keep his treaty the with aid they a made full with they could carry on taken delightful.wholesome and

this Indians, further but than Chippewa his authority. then on put hand "He

they could succeed. not it is related, Cutler's shoulder,"Father isHPhink presented of what to in us

visIn missionaries 1884, L.D.S. two A will that 'Here "and is the man the today. world only has Not mansaid,"ited at Clitherall, "Cutlerite"the branch it.'do kind strayed the from teachings moral In their report Minnesota. said they

is of at minister our Fletcher Reverend Father, Heavenly for R. J. were we

told here today that among the armed It was indeed interesting to converse with the present time. They have fewer than

forces, in their society today. members are facing death, those who a somein Nauvooof theseat theoldtimemembersof the Prophetwho hadJosephlived fifty large percentage of living them are not file in Historian's Jensoa, on 2From letter to Andrew

(Concluded on page 710) 1Journal of History (Reorganized), XIII:454 Office in manuscript histories and notes.

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Saturday afternoon session of the \\5th semiannual general conference October 7, 1944, in <=>Llwm the Tabernacle

The time is to come when every knee is to bow and every tongue confess that ALL TRUTH Jesus is the Christ. Then, if not beis life there the and veil—and F. RICHARDS all GEORGE will nothing know, men surer—thenbeyond & fore, as sure as there is a God in heaven OF THE TWELVE OF THE COUNCIL to will truth pertaining know the men

GEORGE F. RICHARDS religion and salvation.

But it is not necessary that we wait until that time, for to know the truth brethren and sisters and friends, light as he is in the light, loving the pertaining to salvation the Lord has

I use this salutation advisedly, Lord and keeping his commandments, given us the key to this knowledge, all hearers I this and realize for not that I admonish only and my I am he said: whenMy

it efforts of our the will that of myself, congregation be large men aaddressing that his doctrine but mine, is not My lives officers to do. so of priesthood, the andholding will, If will sent he.. me.. do his any man

It the involves accepting in and receivanother but the Church,leadership shall doctrine, of the of whether it be know group, possibly larger than this, that is ing of certain principles and ordinances, God, or whether I speak of myself. (John

on the outside listening in, made up of the keeping of certain commandments, 7:16.)

performthe of the God, obeying of lawsfaithful of the.Church, and men women revelathe know? would we By How in acts Father to service ing our of are not possibly members someand who the Ghost. tions through of Holy God the children his to here heaven, on salute and you, them, and theof Church. light the received as Peter same The offSacrifices, formthe the earth, friends. making as brethren, Imymy Christ our knowledge. and When ties to relations, all that are family ing I of feeling friendly toward a have

: his disciples say Savior asked "Whom live eternities, to exist the throughout voice, hear and towardthose who my I that Peter answered: ye am?""Thou faith I is the not serve andall feeling reby that Lord by and hope mankind. living Christ, the art the of the Son living in trust I sight, him, putting like ourciprocated. by to somewould do said unto him: Jesus God."forth I that proceedeth from friends, every forthing word but can what my

do? I remember the Apostle Peter on his mouth.... Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona; for

revealed hath not blood it unto and is forflesh that ample, of afthere There reward occasion anone was when thee, is in heaven. but which my Father sin, blessing giveness wonderfulflicted of said, aid, for a person pleading he

16:17.) (Matt.

I of Christ; in gospel innate the the comhave, as not, but such I have"Money

I give freely unto you. Be ye healed."panionship of the Holy Ghost, the resIt was revealed by the power of the

And he was healed. urrection with the just, and eternal life Holy Ghost.

Money It is written:

friends whoI haveare sonotnumerous,to give butto myas andenceexaltationof God thein Eternalthe kingdomFatherandandpreshis a witness for the Lord Jesus Christ I Son Jesus Christ.... No prophecy of the scripture is of

prophthe interpretation. private For any his disciples: said to Savior to The those havewould point the way who will of the times in old not by ecy came

life the of and way they as of spake but holy are men In mansions: man: Father's house God many my into that narrow way (II Peter the Ghost.notsalvation,—theunderstood I Holy for... that were moved place by a to prepare... go you

path that leads to that goal. And to where I am, there ye may be also. (John 1:20, 21.)

those who have entered the path I would 14:2, 3.)counsel them to neither deviate to the There is the secret—holy men of God,

right nor to the left, but to pursue a That would be a good enough place enjoying the Holy Ghost, under its instraightforward course, that when they for you or for me. fluence, gave to us the scriptures, anreach the end of the trail they will not It is written: "... Eye hath not seen, cient and modern, and it is a commandbe disappointed with their life's work. nor ear heard, neither have entered into ment of the Lord that we search the

Quoting from Whittier's "Maud Multhe heart of man, the things which God scriptures,tt for in them they "testify of ler": hath prepared for them that love him."me.

that written of it is also of people mankind ( I Cor. the world 2:9. ) The And pen, the or of tongue sad words Of all

if that that the Ghost not his today have Holy Lord do we will we love It these: been. aresaddest might have

work and his will and that will make for was enjoyed by those holy men of God

I desire to add my testimony to those our satisfaction. There is satisfaction who gave us the scriptures. If they had

of my brethren of this conference, for in having been right, and disappointthe Holy Ghost, in the same degree of

I have a testimony abiding in my soul, ment in having been wrong on any power that was had by those holy men and I know without any question that question which we may have considwho gave us the scriptures, then they the work in which we Latterday ered; especially is that true where others would understand the scriptures just as

Saints are engaged is the work of the have considered the same question and did those men who gave the scriptures

Lord, the gospel of the Lord Jesus their views and ours differ. The more to us.

Christ, the power of God unto salvaimportant the question under consideraWe are not only to receive the Holy tion unto all those who accept it and tion, the greater the satisfaction if right, Ghost, being born again, the way the live according to its precepts. It is the and the greater the disappointment if Lord has designed that it should be and

same as that which was instituted in the wrong. has been in the days of the primitive

councils of heaven before the world Church, but we are to live and labor was. It is not a new gospel, but the old '"Phe most important question that has so as to have the constant companionone restored. A ever engaged the attention of man ship of the Holy Ghost, and he will not

It is the same as Christ our Lord is that of religion, or salvation; of what dwell in unholy tabernacles.

taught and lived, and by living it made it consists, and how it may be attained. The scriptures tell us no man can say

him what he was in life and what he There is no other question that has rethat Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy is after life, enthroned in glory at the ceived the attention of so many people, Ghost. And what man knoweth the

right hand of our Father in heaven. It and on no other question has there been things of man save by the spirit of man

is intended to make us like him and to such a diversity of opinion. Hence, the which is in him; even so the things of

save us with him, and it will do so if we many religious organizations upon the God knoweth no man but by the Spirit follow in his footsteps, and walk in the earth today. of God. (Continued on page 708)

NOVEMBER, 1944 661

oi p<owev REPENTANCE By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

of the (council or the twelve

Address delivered at the Sunday He sent forth his messengers into all afternoon session of the \l5th parts of the earth to preach this gospel, fulfilment is in that of the promise general semiannual and conferfind it JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH that in as 8, 1944, our Lord by ence October is made you the Tabernacle recorded in the 24th chapter of Matthew, not correctly given in the Bible, promise, which I have made unto you when

Smith. the Prophet Joseph Lord When of prayers, the guidance and and

again, missionaries these when And disciples, his said speaking to he I was Spirit the of the in what Lord to called go, the wereMy brethren, I rely upon your faith however, but it is given correctly to the I will. (D. 6 C. 88:7475.) gave them Lord this unto gospel the of again them, "And this afternoon. led to say bemay this instruction all shall the in preached kingdom be years fourteen ago and hundred One

the as a witness, then shall and orworld the restored gospel and the Lord sent to preach Behold, been they have my the correct underThat is end come."the the the gospel of congregations his among againganized upon Church

earth. The reason for such organization standing of his words. wicked; wherefore, I give unto them a

and restoration is the fact that for cenAnd again this gospel has gone forth commandment, thus: Thou shalt not idle

time, shalt neither thy thou thy bury away into the world, and the Lord said, speakin spiritual turies been the world had that talent (D. C. not be known. it may & his servants: ing of authority, the darkness, and without

60:13.) understanding; they the without knew

... of shall voice warning be unto The

living the not to worship these God. counsel to given how That was the disciples, people, the of mouths by my

said, in the a Lord out into commencement The they went So I last these in chosen days. have allwhom And missionaries.

of this work: they shall go forth and none shall stay perverse world, meeting the opposition,

I them, for the hatred, of the them. the Lord have condemnation and commanded

I the the Lord, knowing Wherefore, is this Behold, authority, the mine and ausaid the out, gathering as men, Lord inthe which calamity should upon come thority servants, of preface and unto my my of of family they would, a and one two earth, habitants called of the upon my I the of book commandments, which my expression, strange a a servant Smith, spake unto Jun., and Joseph city—rather to ingiven publish have unto them you, O I out, but gathered they them and heaven, gave and him him am from commandearth. habitants the of

this ments; particular into at looking moment fear tremble, people, Wherefore, and ye O to others, also gave commandments And of faces the parents of the sons who I for the in hath what them the Lord decreed

things that these unto should they proclaim truth the gladly of heard message fulfilled. and shall 1:4-7.) (D. C. be &

it fulall this that the might be world; and it, out. received gathered and were

filled, the prophets written which by was his forth; servants so they went And

shall the of things world weak The forth for going been come have hunover one the to hear refused the mesworld Dut strong the forth mighty and break and down truth, years, the dred proclaiming crysage, through these and one down his fellow counsel not that should ones, man calling ing repentance, the people upon this that years fourteen of flesh neither trust the and hundred in arm man,

But that every man might speak in the to turn from their evil way to the worgospel has been preached among the naname of God the Lord, even the Savior of ship of the living God. tions of the earth, the world has refused

the world; to hear. They have rejected the words

faith in the increase also might That pleased very been T throughout have of the prophets; ridiculed the they have

earth; A it this conference, because has been missionaries to the took message who everlasting might covenant mine That cry to of repentance. said be a The Lord them. that Everything Satan could do established;

That the fulness of my gospel might be some of those early missionaries who to bring to pass his purposes and to proclaimed by the weak and the simple unto went forth, when they asked for indestroy this everlasting work which has the ends of the world, and before kings and formation and guidance, they were to come, never to be destroyed again, nor rulers. (D. & C. 1:1723.) preach nothing but repentance and reto be taken from the earth, everything

sins. mission of said sending he was He could he the of done, do minds and was everlasting covenant been had The into perverse, out stiffnecked a them the people generally blinded; but were of understanding the correct broken; world. and wicked there the here those and of were who disappeared principles gospel had

Israel, of house recognize could read or Let who of one passuch two me officiate the right to apostasy;through

the of the voice gathShepherd, were to sages In oryou. the before March, the gospel in of ordinances the had

out. ered ganization the the of said Church, Lord It necessary men. became ceased among

that all this might be restored, and that Oh, this unbelieving and stiffnecked Now some of my good brethren who the have spoken of given have some the people increase faith might among anger is kindled against generation—mine thoughts to say, repeat so I hoped I may of the heavens and them. an openingthrough (D. & C. 5:8.)

little. a gospel. the of a restoration

in forth sending missionthese And the misto his Once again, Lord said his sent messengers the from Lord So truth, of the with message: he again sionaries fulness his of the aries the presence, with

said: the authorgospel, with power, and and ye, for, of the great behold, Hearken day ity of the priesthood to bestow upon I give unto you, who are the first laborers the Lord is nigh at hand.

men, and gave them commandments, as in this last kingdom, a commandment that For the day cometh that the Lord shall utter together, yourselves of you assemble his voice out and orheaven; the heavens in this indicated commandment—beshall yourselves, the shake yourselves, earth and and prepare shall tremble, and the calamities ganize cause the Lord knew

sanctify yourselves; of the yea, purify shall and your trump both long and sound God to the world, upon which were come

hearts, shall loud, to the cleanse and sleeping nations your your and hands say and will that his proper warn- a and it was

I feet arise that live; clean; before sinners me, stay and and ye make you Ye saints may

ing, the receive to the opportunity and I until call testify I shall that sleep unto again. your Father your and may

gospel be given unto men that they God, and my God, that you are clean from Wherefore gird up your loins lest ye be might repent and turn from their evil the blood of this wicked generation, that I found among the wicked.

ways and serve the Lord. may fulfil this promise, this great and last ( Continued on page 728

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SOLIDARITY X4 By STEPHEN L RICHARDS

or the L-ouncil or tke Jvuelve

Address delivered at the Sunday Still I worked for Charley, for Charley was morning session of the \\5th now my all;

pretty Charley with to me, good was And general semiannual conferthat hinted ever burden nobody I was a scarce or a frown, word in And 8, 1944, ence October then. Till last at a-courtin', he brought went and the Tabernacle wife a town. from

married, sure he I was John when to And was good and smart, She was somewhat dressy, an'hadn't a ear Brethren: But he and all the neighbors would own I pleasant smile

done my part; quite carried conceity, She was a heap and I hope that be pardoned I may

o'style; gratifiexpress great personalD if I if I tried friends, ever But with I did to be cation and pride in the lofty addresses her, I know;

delivered from this pulpit this morning But she was hard and proud, an'I couldn't by my recently sustained colleagues in make it go.

the of the Council [Ezra Taft Twelve

I Petersen]. E. Benson and Mark am She hadher; an edication, an'that was good for

sure that you also must have greatly enBut when she twitted me on mine, 'twas joyed their timely, inspiring discourses. carryin'things too fur;

There is a matter which has given An'I told her once, 'fore company (an'it deep concern to the presiding brethren almost made her sick) of the Church for some time past. It is That I never swallowed a grammar, or 'et

not a very popular subject for discus- a 'rithmetic.

sion, but its importance urgency and its only a few days before the thing So 'twas that are such to I have concluded make was done it the subject this of remarks upon my family of themselves, and I was a They occasion. of preface a STEPHEN L RICHARDS one; another By and as way

part of the discussion, I venture to reAnd a very little cottage one family will do, forvive old verses that you some were 'Taint no use of boastin, or talkin'over But Ienoughnever havefor two.seen a house that was bigbetter sixty or seventy years known free,

ago than they are today. They were But many a house an'home was open then An'I never could speak to suit her, never

written by Will Carleton, an American to me; could please her eye

journalist, and published in a volume in Many a han'some offer I had from likely Ari'it made me independent, an'then I 1873. The title is "Over the Hill to the men, didn't try;

Poorhouse."For life was all before me, an'I was young But I was terribly staggered, an'felt it like

an'strong, a blow, Charley turned ag'in me, an'told me I could in tryin'When the hill toOver the poorhouse I'm trudgin'And toI workedget along.the best that I could go. ray weary way

I, a trifle of seventy, a and only woman life so together: And worked and was we live to with Susan, but Susan's house I went gray—hard, gay, but small, was I, all an'chipper, for smart the am who to for then a cheer and us With baby now it a-hintin'she always snug was And how I've told, years on our way; all; for us was another that's halfAs as only many woman Till all half an'dozen, had a we g rowed sisters, her with and husband's what And old. clean neat, an'childr'n three, with what

to discover that there wasn't the hillOver me. to the poorhouse—I can't quite An'enoughwent toto schooleat. like others, an'had 'Twasroomeasyfor it clear! make

Over the hill to the poorhouse—it seems so So we worked for the childr'n, and raised An'then I went to Thomas, the oldest son

horrid queer! 'em every one; I've got,

step I've a-toilin'a takenMany to and for 'em fro. Worked summer buildings'd cover the half of and winter, just as For Thomas'

is of a sort journeyBut this I never to've thought done; we ought acre lot; an

go. to 'em, perhaps Only humored which some we all childr'n the couldn't But was on me—I folks condemn, good their stand sauce

is the use of heapin'childr'n'sWhat couple's every a pauper's But the on me a heap I think said needn't best And Thomas I was shame? to them. to boss. there comin'

or crazy, lazy or lame? am I blindAm I

True, I am not so supple, nor yet so awful Strange how much we think of our blessed An'then I wrote to Rebecca, my girl who stout; little ones! lives out West,

But charity ain't no favor, if one can live I'd have died for my daughters, I'd have And to Isaac, not far from her—some twenty

without. died for my sons; miles at best;

And God he made that rule of love; but when And one of 'em said 'twas too warm there

I am willin'and anxious an'ready any day we're old and gray, for anyone so old,

To work for a decent livin', an'pay my I've noticed it sometimes somehow fails to And t'other had an opinion the climate was honest way; work the other way. too cold.

I victuals, earn too,For an'can more my they shirked slighted an'and have me, So I'll bound, be Strange, thing: another an'our boys when

shifted about me is willin'to only girlsIf anybody around. have grown, me was

wellnigh an'have soured me, So they wore exceptin'left Charley, when, they'd us And out; old heart my I an'Once young was was, there han'some—I alone;

still I've pretty well, an'borne But wasn't up soul upon nearer an'he nearer my an'come, John When put down, much roses, cheeks as eyes was blackOnce to dearer my my seemed be

Till to the an'Charley poormaster, went put as coal; of Hosts Lord he an'come The one day

the town. on me I can't in remember, days, them ofAnd took from me. him away

hearin'say, people the hill Over to the poorhouse—my childr'n

kind of a reason,For any dear, that I was in their Still I was bound to struggle, an'never to goodbye!

way. cringe or fall (Continued on page 726)

NOVEMBER, 1944 663 Important Announcement Diamond THEto Firstthe Y.W.M.I.A.Presidency havethe privilegegranted

of using the sacrament service on

Sunday evening, November 26, to present a program commemorating the Diamond Jubilee of their organization oftL YOUNG WOMEN'S which was effected on November 28, 1869, by President Brigham Young in the Lion House, Salt Lake City, at the round table and thus addressed plan and also in the knowledge that life

Utah. Our grateful appreciation is the group: and books can give and in the culture

for this the extended courtesy and for society. refined President it in to that marks long mind had "I have my willing presicooperation of stake

that into the young ladies of Young womthe also knew organize Zion young the dencies in bishoprics and ward celebration of this important anniveran association so that they might assist anhood of the Church was to become an sary. the older members of the Church, their important and vital part of its strength

Since the Tuesday evening followfathers and mothers, in propagating, and glory, for, standing side by side ing falls on the actual date of the orteaching and practicing the principles I with their brothers, the girls were to be ganization by President Young, the have been so long teaching. There is given opportunities for abundant servMutuals are asked to make modificaneed for the young daughters of Israel ice. They were to engage in teaching

in their tion regular as programs so other, guiding helping of living and in each fitto the truth. and get a testimony

this tingly Jubilee. to observe This

little too, children; he perhaps, girls and I wish to obtain a our knowledge the is concurred general superin by

intendency and board of the Young of the gospel for themselves. For this glimpsed the time when many of them,

Men's Mutual Improvement Associareason I desire to organize my own famlike the young men, would be the beartion. ily first into a society for the promoers of the message of the gospel to the

Programs and projects for this celetion of habits of order, thrift, industry, mission field. He wanted them to be

bration have been sent to all stakes and charity; and above all things, I dehappy first of all and by their very joyand wards and missions. sire them to retrench from their extravaousness, to grace their homes and their

General Presidency, Y.W.M.I.A. gance in dress, in eating, and even in community life, and he desired with all

speech.... We are about to organize a his heart, that they should be kept clean

Retrenchment Association which I wish and free from the sins of the world. He

you all to join."would have them gracious and modest,

Song of Jubilee PRESIDENTS OF THE YOUNG WOMEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION "Phis is the year of our Jubilee SINCE ITS ORGANIZATION * Ring out the story from sea to sea!

Tell how a Prophet with wisdom rare

Looked down through the years in a vision fair.

See Zion's daughters, a noble throng

Gathering together in praise and song

This is the year of our Jubilee,

Glad, happy year of our Jubilee.

Thanks for the faith that led the way;

Praise for the faith in our hearts today.

Still marching onward without a fear,

Honor and glory will crown each year;

As rays of light from the diamond pure,

So our devotion will ever endure

Send the glad tidings from sea to sea—Elmina S. Taylor Martha H. Tingey Lucy Grant Cannon

Now we rejoice in our Jubilee.

Many more things were said and the yet strong and courageous. He would

Retrospect organization was effected with Ella have them polished even as precious

Young Empey as president and six of stones.

7TN air of expectancy pervaded the her sisters as counselors. Thus, seventyOthers had the vision, too—Eliza R.

L\ Lion House on that November five years ago, on November 28, 1869, Snow, Isabella M. Home, and soon

L J- day in 1 869. There was a stir of was born the second women's organizathereafter, our first great president,

excitement among the girls of the Young tion in the Church—the Retrenchment Elmina S. Taylor. These names and

family as they chatted together in the Association, which later developed into many others should be forever rememupstairs, gablewindowed bedrooms. the Young Women's Mutual Improvebered on our honor rolls, for those early

What could father be calling this extra ment Association. women worked incessantly to build in

special meeting for? It must be importhe Church an organization which

tant, for all the women of the family Vision should be acceptable to the youth themhad been asked to be present, and, in selves, to the priesthood and to the addition, the president's counselor, /reat souls dream dreams and have Lord.

George A. Smith, and his wife, Bath- -* visions of things to be, and PresiMany resolutions were formulated by

sheba. As the girls primped a bit and dent Brigham Young was a great soul. the Retrenchment Societies, both by the

fingered lovingly their gowns of voluHe knew full well that the Church of one composed of the Young family and minous folds with their touches of bows, Jesus Christ would not long remain by those of the various wards as they buttons, braid, and other trimmings, did isolated in the valleys of the West; even came into action, and the girls of today

they have a premonition of at least a in that early day, each year was bringwould be interested and sometimes part of their father's message? ing more and more strangers from other amused in reading them. We quote

In a few moments came the sound of parts and other lands, and he sensed the from two of them:

outside inroads practices customs and the bigthe dinner called fambell which is that Resolved, cleanliness as inasmuch of upon would the youth make prayer,ily for together evening each characteristic of his peo- a Saint impera- a and an girls ple. fortified; of Zion must be The the into sedately the parlorand walked shall tive discard the dragging duty, we

girls and their mothers. When all were they must be educated, first in the faith skirts, and for decency's sake, those disseated in the comfortable pioneer of their fathers and in the way of life gustingly short ones extending no lower than

chairs, President Young took his place established under the restored gospel the boot tops. We also regard "panniers"

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jubilee Mutual Improvement Association

VJjuj Clariddalandda sv.M. v>ee5leid5ee5le

GENERAL BOARD, Y. W. M. I. A.

OFFICERS OF THE in appearance approximates whatever and RETRFNCHMENT burlesque on FIRST Bend,"a the "Grecian toward SOCIETY the natural beauty and dignity of the human Center: President Ilia

female form and will not disgrace our per- Y. Empey

sons by wearing them. And also, as fast Reading clockwise, be-

Y. top: at Una the ginning expedient, adopt be as it shall we shall

Y. DonWilliams, Maria

articles exercise of and wearing homemade gall, Young, Phoebe our united influence in rendering them Dora L. Yomg, Caroline

fashionable.—Daughters of Brigham Young Young, Emily Y. ClawResolved, that as Saints being accountable to God for the use we make of the

abilities and intelligence he has given us, actively particiwe are determined to devote our time and pated in cultural talents in governing ourselves, storing our activities, give minds with useful knowledge, and improvvoice to the ing every opportunity afforded us of qualibroadening exfying ourselves to fill useful and honorable perience and enpositions in the of God. kingdom

- Fourteenth Ward Society richmentthat have comeof lifeto

Fulfilment them. Let those

who were stirred TLTave the dreams of those early leadto the depths at * * ers been realized? After seventythe great golden

five years let those who best know the Jubilee recall the

Mutual Improvement Association and mammoth music its extensive program, answer. Wherfestival, the pagever is found the Church of Christ there eant, and the paare found the mighty organizations of rade in which

these young people, and their verbal 12,000, representand written records that have come ing every stake from all the stakes of Zion, from the and many missions, marched with bancountries of Europe, and from other ners flying as indicative of the spirit foreign to witness missions bear to their of people. these Let young and power

spirit love of devotion of and and God those breadth scope. Let the those of witnessed groups and who have who the his counsels been have which conferences, at girls fair present been youth enhave stalwart and young men

the of motivating force background and in in class it lifting meetings, sessions, testimony the dance, in the gaged above tell of the thousands of young women cheap and commonplace, exult in this entire program these many years.

who have given expression to their achievement. Let those who have been We believe that President Young

faith in the gospel and to their loyalty moved by the earnest young voices in would be satisfied with the organizato the Church and its teachings. Let the public address and in story and by the tion he effected in the Lion House in

many thousands of girls who have representations in drama, recall these 1869. We believe that he would be

ceived education in trie gospel, in literamemories now. Let the many projects grateful for the accomplishments of

ture, in home building, in the problems which have occupied the attention of these seventyfive years. He would

which concern youth, and who have youth and contributed to the wellbeing know that, while some have been indifof the membership ferent and careless, the vast majority of throughout the Church, the girls of Zion have been mindful of testify to the strength their heritage and that, with their comof this movement. Let panions, the young men of the Church,

the books which have whom he also organized, in 1875, they been read witness the have indeed been "New Pioneers on the love of literature both March"and that they stand today, as religious and secular they celebrate their Diamond Jubilee, which these young peotrue and loyal to the faith.

ple have cultivated. It is fitting that throughout the length

And let the slogans and and breadth of the land this Jubilee be themes reveal the true commemorated. May fathers and mothers and brothers unite with the young

women in thanksgiving and rejoicing

THE PARLOR IN THE that in the earth today, in the midst of

LION HOUSE error and unbelief, there is established the Church which is acknowledged by—Photograph by in that as and that the Master his own

Hal Rumel finds place. an honored youth Church

NOVEMBER, 1944 665

THE RETURNING SOLDIER

/t (7hn i'lA/ldtioe OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

to transplant them, to revive their full Address delivered at the Friday vigor, and ensure normal growth after afternoon session of the \\5th the war, is perhaps the major problem semiannual general conferJOHN A. W1DTSOE among the many that will arise in the ence, October 6, 1944, in

proposed reconstitution of the world. the Tabernacle

true; this to be promise proved know we will belief returning adethat armies be workfellow brethren and dear Y toil overcome that as only do we we rehabilitated quately governmental by

ers: that also learned obstacles. have efforts. of small Grants of money, sums We this morning, address his In is to applied energy human whenever offering or the of to opportunities the prob- o postwar spoke President ClarkM Human history does not justify the is earth, prothe of wealth resources restore that few, cannot has been which keep they are and lems. many, They is the only duced. indeed That way lost, the of the or supply needs many President thinking. our pounding upon little, be true wealth, that or can much will help. tried need has been That who important the most enlarged upon Clark possessions. the world's to By added success. before, Salvation without by call I like to problems. of these would this people garden that method a made spiritual government, whether or temminor, or to attention one two your that desert; of the out method and by is after poral, or before a war, delu- a problems, important, also though their bettered they economic have own elusive sive will-o'-thewisp. and With at discussed being are much which into led conditions; others have and selfhelp, success God's win men by of it If largely to a present. be seems prosperity. that of paths method By effort, so. only and in is that defense nature, temporal my sufficient for wealth every win man may

is really Christ there the gospel of Jesus his to surest needs. It is the approach responsibility for our homecomand 'T'he the temporal distinction between no practicalare competence. a a We really boys, the ing are coming who Prophet the to spiritual. Speaking the that proud. people. are minded Of we rest, will past, in generation, ages as said: Smith, the Lord Joseph principle us basic before should This be the the family the home, and and upon

... verily I say unto you that all things cluster of neighborhood families and in planning for our returning sons.

unto me are spiritual, and not at any time homes. Each man must bear his own It is an equally wellestablished

have I given unto you a law which was burden. Such help as he needs must Latterday Saint principle that ignortemporal (D. & C. 29:34.) be given by family and immediate ance waits on no man. Dominion of the

of in the hands ultimately be will earth friends. distribution such a a of By fine a conference, stake recent a At their powers use and those know, who is labor easily task many, among any brief soldier, a enjoying a man, young as a people intelligently. Therefore, we far of the accomplished, beyond power congregation. the furlough, addressed of gathering in believe education—the In government. any household every clearly perplexed. wondered He was He mind. the training of the and knowledge faith for convert peace, our must we battle, esin of the had heat he why, is itself educareally an Church The for love our our boys, and have who life of that the bullet took the caped are Traditionally, institution. tional we us, willing face for to been death interruphis of the spoke buddy. He people. educationloving Remember an direct activity. planning sober and Weinto of frustration his the tion education; of old, valiant group, the and young who sift possibilities the for must the many call hell life's his that plans; the and we gathyears ago a than hundred more benefit lads. returning of the duty, This catapulted. into been war, had he which Kirtthe in of daily ered upper rooms defenders, our which cannot owe we if die, his readiness to declared He the really were land Temple? They shifted others. to be central can a Nor be, the but for freedom of man; need the in of education adult founders it successfully. agency undertake Moredie to should have wondered men why into dipped Engworld. modern They is over, that ever the of the gosmethod to to possess freedom, belongs which lish, law. science, history, mathematics, pel Christ. of Jesus right of existence. his the every by man in fearless languages. were and They

is to undertake time such the this conself-destruction "Shall of man Now exaspirations. their educational They

tinue?"he asked. As he sat down, he planning and the consequent preparaemplified the words of Brigham Young,

should the question be no delay. voiced There asked by tion. now We Latterreligion embraced by the "The

Building is slower prepared. millions future?"must be of the of men: "What... search to Saints prompts them day

I thought of the 80,000 youths and than destruction. Our boys may soon be diligently after knowledge."Remember,

young men of our faith, members of the coming home. They will then be ready also, the succession of educational inChurch, nearly all of whom will return, for the next adventure. We must not stitutions marking the progressive hisafter the war, whole in body, but perreward their sacrifices with disappointtory of the Church! Schools, colleges,

haps maimed in spirit, and scarred in ment. Rather, we must be ready also and universities attest the high place of

help. the necessary advice life in the with and unnatural memory, by the in philosophy. It education "Mormon"Do

begin too now. do not late if we may be and by the inexpressible and navy, army the surpassingly not forget high present

horrors of warfare, as conducted by In this important matter, Latterday educational standing of our people.

"civilized"man. They will return to a Saints must needs cling to the wellworld which has been shaken and established ideals of the Church. Among Aur young men, returning from the

changed by the turmoil and tumult of them is one that we treasure greatly. - front, should be encouraged to take

battle in the air, on the land, and under We have the reputation of being a proup their educational work where they the sea. It will be a new world. They ductive and creative people; and indeed laid it down when the country in its

shall not see again the world they once we deserve it. We have always tried to need called for their service; and they

knew. The forces of change will have better the world, to leave it richer than should be urged to continue it to the

carved deep furrows in the face of we found it, spiritually and temporally. end of their program. Despite the loss

human existence. In our temporal affairs we have taken of time during the war period, and the

These returning men were torn from the Lord at his word; that he has given apparent financial need, they would

their native soil by the roots. In the man dominion over the earth, on the make a mistake to rush into active life

field of war, they have been nurtured condition that he would seek to subdue without proper development and trainwith the poison of destruction. How it in the sweat of his brow. We have {Continued on page 701

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WINNING THE PEACE

tSu doseph jr. fvlerrill

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Friday to pay dividends. Hence some stockafternoon session of the \\5th holders feel aggrieved, thinking they are

semiannual general confernot fairly treated. Further, these big

ence, October 6, 1 944, in salaries incite workers to demand higher the Tabernacle pay and create prejudice in the minds JOSEPH F. MERRILL

of the public against the corporation.

given directors thought to the Is any by Listeners: Radio and president."right "rather be than be HeBrethren fix rule the golden compensathey when is said these about days Much is charprinciples of of and able an man for tions themselves the highrank- and lasting following winning a peace his acter with avoids compromising who officers? ing the does company And fearfully terrible destructivethe and support disdains principles buying and its treat always management employees plans raging.global Various war now seek to people promises making by who brothers, as entitled as neighbors, to be this for attaining greatlyare proposed is this for the selfish to akin ends, wholly dealt according with to the requirements objective. desired widely Butand we bribery. of crime of the rule? golden of these few em- A if this that achieved can only beknow it is the that true people probably But ployees indispensable be even more maycertain are conditions met which among for the responsible are themselves to the success the of the than company fair, right,are just provisions and made the of statesmen paucity abundance and officers in themselves, but comparison all nations,for as as well defeated politicians of demagogues. and Many I are they underpaid. to reference havevictorious. in althe minutes But few I in sat the years evening park ago one inventors others and with endowed Ilotted to to desire talk about some me the elderly of with man, manager an gifts special the inproducts of whose affect theconditions that front on home I lived. in which house apartment He it genuity possible for the make compeace. thirty for that said years he a was memto a pany have prosperous business. Our reply of the to lawyer Jesus The Illinois legislature state who the of and marvelous is ber civilization mechanical

is theasked "which interesting experiences related many great commandment based research upon invention. and

in the as follows: law"was never forget one But I shall remark he are Managers often ordinary men, given

his has made which was "every man Inventors are always men the with opportunity. shalt love Lord thy God Thou price; for obtained can be some votes with extraordinary all endowments. heart,all thy soul, and with with and. thy..

all thy mind. $50, others for $500, and occasionally

is the price."Unsophisticated $50,000 is first great the commandment. and This illustration, given: seldom Another

I this it, for as is statement shalt was, hard like unto was the second Thou And * respected necessary and A highly thyself. I as neighbor believe,love thy then to reason but had no me

itself profession has allowed to be all the these hang commandments two its truth. On to or doubt now

it into a position maneuvered where prophets. 22:3740.) (Matt. thelaw and the help Yes, to themselves people

controls of the absolutely one phase politicians offering temptthem make by all of children our are Since Fawe is public. the wellbeing of There no ing the desire to serve inducements. The as in "neighbor"ther the term heaven, I closed labor of union shop which

is particularly public commendable, fellow men. ourused means Jesus by that controls completely heard so have

is it motives. coupled pure with when that love our as evidence an weNow, field its It this profession. as does office itch for the the emoluBut and ourselves, love asneighbors must we we limits the permitted to qualify number affects thereof, othersometimes ments all relations in in respectstreat our them for profession, thus the preventing any that yield they wise so deeply good men like to treated aswith be them would we field in service, the of overcrowding

all in efto sorts of their temptations circumstances thewere full practically so insuring and employreversed—we office. forts retain obtain or to in their ours. shoes,in In other they and entrants. to fees standard of ment The is in election system primary bad Our rule. live the goldenwords, must is we so high that in multitudes the middle least at helps to one make live the respect—it not because golden doAnd we classes able are to afford hardly necespoliticians short demagogues. and The is less thererule severe or more and service. sary successful of income The allotted will time of permit not showme alltragic trouble the time within the is practitioners far of that most above ing will supporting but reasons why, all of country,borders our of which other people of or equal ability greater

It listeners. requires occur a to my if disappear the kept secondwould we in but essential other engaged vocationof strong firm to resolve into a go mangreat commandment. fields. al situation to appears The be office for hotly contested a high primary

entirely of out rewith the harmony fully this of keeps us none Yet comthe In through untarnished. and come quirements the of rule. golden ismandment. reason One we Why? is his he primary not governed on own,

are all too selfish, not some of us only, Let us glance at the political field. by the platform and backed by the rebut all of us. Let me particularize by Though the need for statesmen was sources of his party. He is likely to be

citing a few cases. perhaps never greater in the history of contacted by many groups, actuated by

First, let us begin with a corporation the country, the supply, perhaps, was wholly selfish motives and offered ashaving assets worth millions of dollars. never proportionately less. Certainly sistance of money and votes if. A

Its money has come from thousands of the supply of politicians, even demastatesman is not purchasable; a polistockholders and the sale of bonds. The gogues, was never greater. I use the tician may have his price. Even highly

stockholders elect directors who in turn term "politician"in the sense of a holder respectable groups may forget themappoint officers and other employees or seeker of political office who regards selves and make offers and consideraand fix their salaries. Some of these getting and holding the office as the alltions, as has previously been done right

important schemes, thing and who large. likely in state,salaries says. barhere are so rumor our own large—very

in gains, and promises order that he may assets the greater the the them wherever Shame upon and whenThe greater salaries are likely to be. They really get support and votes. His principles ever their motives are selfish and not

far exceed the needs of the recipients to are often tenuous and easily changeable clearly in the interests of the public maintain a decent standard of living. to suit the needs of the hour. The demagood! In such cases, in principle at least,

Commonly, also, these salaries have no gogue is an unprincipled politician. are they not offering bribes? Good laws

relation to the ability of the corporation The statesman is a man who would (Continued on page 696)

NOVEMBER, 1944 667

%Ljenealow uiaancedt A Quarter Century of Participation in By CHARLES A. CALLIS

Temple Work OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Although for several years prior to 177th of the the members 1919 at the delivered Saturday in residing seventy the of quorum session the the Addressevening \\5th of anan conducted had Stake Rexburg CHARLES A. CALLIS general semiannual conferits membership, for when outing nual in 7, 1944, ence October

this of consideration for arrived the time the Tabernacle annual event, a member by the name of a round table conference and settle all

Archer B. Willie suggested that a pilthese economic troubles? If they will

grimage be planned to the Logan Temmust not encroach on the time of the meet in the spirit of Christ, these things ple as the 1919 annual outing. First Presidency in this important will be settled to the satisfaction of all

I read a story I meeting. that was May concerned. aphearty the with met change This in published of Digest Reader's The send that day which the May God immediately council of theproval who April 1944: Nephite people enjoyed, that golden era plans. to The goal makecommenced

of centuries, in their two induswhere participation. percent hundred onewas Spirit""That's The

trial life all social things and were had obof the brethren many knewThe ripped almost apart been had bomber The in in they lived common; the prosperity attain tostacles encounter they would ball turret cannon. gunner German The by Christ; of there rich were no section, no and this agricultural in goalsuch a blister in the badly stuck and wounded was

selfishness Banish the from world to faithfully the end theybut worked fuselage. the of underside the on Crew men poor.

desired. When the actual count was worked frantically to extricate the youngster and this blessed condition would be

made, it was learned that ninetysix but there was nothing they could do. They realized.

percent of the membership was present began to jump.

in are the midst of fear, in turbulent terrorstricken lad times. VS7e screamed The first excursion. thaton * v last happening. as he what saw was is The invited to Reason give to way constituted brethren following The the remaining heard to crewman, jump man partisanship; but not blind must ourwe time: Jacobs, at that council Frankthe it kid, we'll gunner, say, easy, a take "Take selves all to the of the good of people Heath, FredChristian Schwendiman, this ride together."the States. United us Let the pray with ride that of together, they death Hamilton,J. took CharlesEzekial O. Holman, And poet: the at gates of together stood they God, and Ladle, and Schwendiman, JohnJohn J.

B. Lorenzo Waldram, secretary. They the selfsame God who died for all men. God give us men. A time like this demands

hearts, Strong faith true great minds, and presithe stake also supported bywere in this Brethren, hour of trial, we must hands! ready Ricks, Austin,dency, Nathan Mark and all together, eschewing take the ride kill; the lust of not office does all Men whom

James Blake as well as the ward bishopselfishness and personal advantage. You Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy;

ric and the ward clerk. ask for a postwar program. The Lord Men who possess opinions and a will;

The company consisting of thirtyfive gave it to us. It is as follows Men who have honor, men who will not lie:

before stand a can demagogue who Men church, at thecarloads assembled July will give that not rich men, unto you Wo flatteries his treacherous without And damn a.m., leaving riches for at poor,25, 4:00 and the your 1919, to substance your

winking; shall this be souls; will and your canker poor, dusty, intraveling over a body live Tall the suncrowned, men, above who visitation, in of and the lamentation your day in cars roads which wereunsurfaced fog harvest of indignation: and judgment, of The of primitive. exception thequite With in thinking; In private public duty and soul is is ended, the and past, summer my flats, lost battery, oneseveral and a their the rabble, while with For thumbworn

is saved! not

last creeds, car, of the the companyabandoned hearts are men, whose poor unto you Wo little their large professions deeds. and Their atarrived the three in o'clock Logan contrite, spirits not are broken, not whose

selfish lo pride, in weeps, Mingle Freedom this successfulnext morning. was satisfied, So not bellies and are whose and

rules land, the Justice waiting and Wrongtrip hold enthusiastically laying accepted stayed by are so from and not hands whose sleeps. full are eyes goods, other whose men'sall the that upon present quorum members Holland G.—J. will with labor not greediness, and of who trip the toresolved anan Logan make

nual mission. your own hands! (D. & C. 56:16, 17.) May God give us reason. May we in

In the year 1927 the 177th quorum The blood of the rich men's sons and prayer approach him for guidance in which was made up of the Sugar City the blood of the poor men's sons comtemporal as well as in spiritual things,

Ward was consolidated with the 159th mingle at this very hour upon bloody and may unselfishness rule the land, and quorum from Teton and Newdale battlefields in a brave endeavor to keep rule in the hearts of men, that these wards, the new quorum being called the the temple of liberty inviolate and keep economic differences may be adjusted 159th quorum. Since this union the aneternal those principles of freedom for in the spirit of tranquility, reason and

nual pilgrimage has been continued. On which our forefathers bled and died. divine justice, and may we all take the

these missions most members and their Is it not possible for the rich man, economic ride together, I humbly pray, wives participated in four or five sesthe capitalist, and the laborer to meet at in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen

sions of temple work.

Only on two occasions did the quorum presidency and secretary fail to pated in some measure in the projects May God bless all who do and love go one hundred percent. Because of this of the quorum. to do this sacred and important work.

activity some twelve thousand persons The year 1943 marked the conclusion have received their endowments by of a quarter century of annual participaTemple Work in Phoenix Stake proxy and thousands of sealings have tion in temple work and would likely 74 T the close of the Mesa Temple for been performed. have been the last quorum mission to "** the year, on June 30, Phoenix Stake

The present council feels that these Logan had the Idaho Falls Temple been completed the most successful season in temple missions have done much to indedicated as planned. However, due to temple work in its history. An elder

crease the activities of its members. postponement of the dedication, the was furnished from the stake regularly

Most of them perform their Church quorum made its twentysixth mission each week to perform baptismal ordiduties faithfully and all have particiin July of 1944. (Concluded on page 683)

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE TEST OF

ii:etu Nn ionduct p* wneiu

By ALBERT E. BOWEN

of tke (council of tke twelve ALBERT E. BOWEN

Address delivered at the Sunday situation to the simple test of right and of Jesus and the pagan religion of the afternoon session of the \\5th wrong. Right and wrong as moral prinEpnesians. But that issue was comsemi-annual general conferciples do not change. They are appletely buried under the furore enence October 8, 1944, in plicable and reliable determinants gendered by a purely incidental conthe Tabernacle whether the situations with which we sequence. Paul was teaching the way

deal are simple or complicated. There of life, a thing of transcendent imporis always a right and a wrong to every tance to all the race of men, the future

Confusion seems admittedly to be question which requires our solution. of the world. With the purely colthe dominant characteristic of We might be saved a lot of misery and lateral consequence to the business of a

cur times. There is confusion discontent and disputation in this world few silversmiths and art craftsmen he

of procedures, a baffling contrariety if we just stopped to apply the simple had no concern.

of opinion as to what ought to be test, "what is the right of this thing"But the incident was not decided on done and how to do it. There seems before we moved into action concerning the merits of the respective doctrines

to be agreement about only one it. By thus getting down to the root concerning the souls and destiny of

thing, namely, that the wv Hd's affairs of the matter we should have reduced men. So far as immediate results were

are terribly messed up. But there the problem to its simplest terms and it concerned a superficial materialism

is no agreement about the causes for the would not matter very much whether it completely smothered and took out of sorry condition, nor the remedy. Men was crusted over with a simple or a the reckoning the fundamental moral

confess, almost it seems with pride, that complex layer of incidental elements. and spiritual issue involved. For Paul's

they don't know what they ought to They would all have to yield to the basic companions were taken into custody, believe. They are bewildered and overlaw of right. and when he would have gone publicly

whelmed with a sense of futility. to their defense, he was restrained by

One thing seems clear: our perplexity T think I can illustrate how basic issues friends but for which restraint his life

grows out of a failure of vision—of A are buried under a cover of superlikely would have been taken.penetrating insight. We get ourselves ficialities by reference to an experience In one way or another the process ilall tangled up in a maze of superficialiin the life of Paul. In the course of his lustrated in this incident has been reties and mistake consequences for missionary journeys, he came to peating itself throughout history. Every

causes. We tell ourselves over and over Ephesus where he found certain poorly wouldbe world conqueror from Alexagain that life in this day has become instructed believers. He taught in the ander on down and almost every emvery complex; that it is not simple and synagogue for three months when, bepire builder, too, for that matter, has

elementary any more as it once was; and cause of opposition, he separated his pursued his course in total disregard of

that our outlook and approaches to the disciples, and they went their ways the question of what is right. They find

problems of the day must take on the teaching for a period of two years with it easy to obscure the moral issue by same complexities as the intricate web such effect that the record says: "All burying it deep under an overburden of

of mechanisms we have woven about they which dwelt in Asia heard the word casuistries. It is easy for the powerful

ourselves. of the Lord Jesus Christ."This brought aggressor to say that his country is

It may be granted that with our great the Christian message squarely up denied access to raw materials; that it

increase in population, our shifting over against the idolatry of the Ephesians is overcrowded and must have Lebensfrom simple rural life to concentrations with the result that there was a great raum, an outlet for its overcongested of great numbers in industrial centers, conversion from idolatry. Says the acpopulation; free and open lanes of comthe consequent change from self direccount in Acts 19:2329: merce, and to give these and a thousand

othertion direction, increasfor specious reasons to supervised his the course.

the time there same And arose small no ining to justify the free These practice degree of which the ruthless are made stir that about certain way. For a

individual man overpowering convenience impinges destruction and of upon weak Demetrius, a silversmith, named which made the comfort and convenience of others; silver shrines for Diana, brought no small neighboring states if perchance they fail

the impact upon our lives of changed gain unto the craftsmen; whom he called to bow to the conqueror's will or permit

conditions resulting from inventions, together with the workmen of like occupathemselves to be absorbed into his amtion, said, Sirs, and that this ye bitious know design.transportation by facolor of and communication righteousness A

craft wealth. have our see Moreover we ye I granted, say, given the that be be may whole monstrous maycilities—it hear, that. and not at alone Ephesus, butall these pointing conspire to the scheme apintroduce out virtue by of an the

all this almost throughout Asia, Paul hath ultimate intoparent bring complexity our organized a larger objective—to persuaded turned and people, much away

if, all, hislives. to good after people the But also I wonder and perchance that saying they gods, be are no which

differences are not largely superficial made with hands: So that not only this our alleged benefits to his conquered and

and mechanistic rather than fundacraft is in danger to be set at nought; but plundered neighbors, just as Demetrius

mental. also that the temple of the great goddess could justify his inciting the mob against

Are there not, in reality, underlying, Diana should be despised, and her magnifiPaul by pointing to the threat of his universal principles with reference to cence should be destroyed, whom all Asia teachings to their accustomed means of which all issues must be resolved whethand the world worshippeth. And when they making a livelihood.

full these they sayings of wrath. were impressive theer the However of society be array simple or complex in heard. filled the with whole city was.. And conjustifyingits reasons mechanical organization? they It seems may be, when fusion.

to me we could relieve ourselves of most ace brushed away the simple question of the bewilderment which so unsettles Now, the fundamental issue, and the left is whether the powerful have a right and distracts us by subjecting each only issue, was between the teachings (Continued on page 732)

NOVEMBER, 1944 669

ON DETECTING

f ROM OfiOm?r Jmth

of darkthe master to extremes which those By HAROLD B. LEE ness astray to lead who go would

is indicated by the to be deceived of the Louncil or tke Jweive were

I of our prophets. experiences of many HAROLD B. LEE

cite the experience of Alma's contention with the antiChrist, Korihor, who, stricken remember, when was dumb to listen one you radio Saturday the the to hardly at delivered do Address we sign, while he for a and was he asked political \\5th but gives what the speech a session morning who of the the of thus that impressed power of "Untruth!"and the confershouts hear general we semiannual

in because judgment him upon Lord was untruthin called being speakers opposing 7, 1944, October ence his testimony of his wickedness, wrote ful. the Tabernacle

as that an to him appeared Satan had

In a recent visit to a conference I that angel of light and him had told quite a attained that learned had a man thing there as such a God. no the was over reflections by my relating a termed following he whatPrompted by

I have experiences of months past guileful with he today So come may vision, supin the Savior which was very that inspired by and had, spirits, lying deceiving ways, and with to him, he to appeared and posed have from to us read messagecomprehensive us. to entrap congreat a thought making he was impresthe from and Grant,President the tribution of to Savior personality the left his not people the has But Lord things I some have this meeting, ofsions telling that red people the had by He alone, those be and would may who be should to that to likeI say me should hair, in revelations contradiction to the in the trying midst well these of guided indeed Saints, and all Latterday tovital the Lord. of disconditions. of prophets every The truth. after all seekersto

pensation, our leader and indeed all own in the these experiences quesSo time some came There to my office in this conference, told has his people is the tion asked: know may we "How reSaint who Latterday a faithfulago pitfalls. might these they avoid how The error, truth difference between and and

she in which experiencelated an said Paul was how may we be able to detect the Apostle situation. embarrassing in a veryplaced same?"

hath astray not seen, nor ear heard,... Eye and led deceived beenShe had

neither into entered the heart have of man, to had have professed those whoby the things fr which hath prepared God I studied matter the and she gave some because manifestations, and A sspiritual that them love him.

it, the "*"* thought to the I found was had Lord she thought what followedhad light, she had found herself in rather revealed something very precious to us. But God hath revealed them unto us by

serious economic difficulties. As she He said: his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things,

yea, the of things deep God. she experience, her of story thefinished

I verily Behold, that there unto say you, of things the For what knoweth a man one can question: this "Howasked me spirits false spirits, are are which many spirit is the man, in of save him? which man false, is true or thing that a certainbe forth earth, in the deceivwhich have gone things the even of so man, knoweth no God of is approved decision his... thator the the ing world.... the Spirit but Neither he can of God.

Lord?"Behold, verily I say unto you, there are know them, because they are spiritually dis-

I have thought a lot about that quesbvpocrites among you, who have deceived cerned. (I Cor. 2:9-11, 14.)

the given adversary has power; which it being asked by some, I findtion, because

shall reclaimed; behold be but such into conditions led beenthose who have told writer of the Gospel of John, shall hypocrites the and "The be detected But prohave those who byof confusion, off, life either in death, shall cut or in in be the describing of a light, powers

fessed to have received by dreams and even as I will; and wo unto them who are controlled and operated by the Savior,

revelations certain information as to cut off from my church, for the same are the true light that was to light every 7-8.) supposedly the of world. 50:2, (D. C. overcome that were properties &mining that into In world. cometh the man

I purposes. spiritual religious and for revelation the us told modern more Lord that further told has us we Lord The likewise have of those who knownhave this light about the he spoke of when gifts, that best the be should seek we that were organizations into ledbeen shine, ento to which which was was astray. the led not Apparently had Lord to listening their of becauseunholy lighten understanding, to our and was conditions in the which mind under very set to up profess of someteachings who all light give intelligence to and manlive, for in of the prophwords now we Orcall the "United they organizations it light kind; in to sun, the the of be was that his disciples to he ecy gave when that question is many It the same der."the stars; indeed, the might and moon we should they they asked him know how asking are fine young women of our light this say constitute to the was his nigh, second coming he when was encourage those are there whowhen in instinct in the reason animal and man this: said illicit under relationships in live tothem life.

guise of authorized marriage contracts, For there shall arise false Christs, and baptized believers there But to a was to be the authorprofess false great prophets, signs who and shall shew y some light given, the and that was if it that, wonders; posgreater insomuch and were of the Lord. servants ized

From students who are struggling in sible,(Matt. they24:24.)shall deceive the very elect. powerbeen spokenof theof here.Holy ThatGhostpowerwhichwhichhas

their higher education we have the same Jesus described was to give us power to inquiry: "How may we know the difNow mark you these words—"who are understand all things, to bring to our

ference between truth and that which the elect according to the covenant."recollection that which he had taught,

we study so often in our textbooks?"Some of those were to be led astray to reprove the world of sin and of rightThere are those in the military servwho were to be members of his Church, eousness and judgment, and to guide us

ice, under the pressure of the expeso I am not surprised in this day when into all truth. Moroni told us that if

diencies of war, who are imbibing many with the power of these evil spirits they we ask with a sincere heart, with real distorted views that they have difficulty are finding a following from those who intent and with faith in Christ, that by ill squaring with the truth. In these days profess membership in the Church. The ( Continued on page 707

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE YE MAY KNOW

TRUTH

iuu spencer Vu. J\lmoali

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

SPENCER W. KIMBALL The Redeemer declared: discovery of a knowledge of God and

... My doctrine is not mine, but his that his program reach into and through

eternity. If will sent his will he me. any do man the at Friday delivered Address

it shall of the doctrine, of be whether know life eternal, this is that they might \\5th the session And afternoon of I of or myself. whether speak (John God

true thee the Jesus only and God, know general confersemiannual 7:16,17.)

sent. Christ, hast 17:3.) thou (John whom in 6, 1944, ence, October

it is to of the doctrine? know What the Tabernacle

It is an unwavering assurance. The Another revelation gives us this

rich offered but has has a reward Lord.. it is the given. For unto you to know radio listhe and Brothers it that only provided can be had by the of the mysteries world but unto kingdom,Dear teners: certain meeting requirements. has He it is 42: them. to (D. given not & C. know genealogical the attending In said: 65.) conferences the quarterly ofsessions is irrevocably in a law, decreed There

in many stakes there has been sung heaven before the foundations of this world, which indicates another requirement:

beautifully the song, "Open the Gates upon which all blessings are predicated One must be baptized and receive the of the Temple,"which ends with the and when we obtain any blessing from God, Holy Ghost and still live the commandsolemn testimony: "I know that my it is by obedience to that law upon which it ments to be given the knowledge of the

Redeemer lives, and because he lives, / is predicated. (D. & C. 130:20, 21.) divinity of the work. Mere passive acshall live,"and I always feel to say In this case the blessing promised is a ceptance of the doctrines will not give

with Luke: knowledge of the divinity of the docthe testimony; no casual halfcompli-

... I thank thee, O Father, Lord of trine. And in this case the law or reance with the program will bring that

heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these quirement is that one must "do his will."assurance; but an allout effort to live

the and hast wisethings from and prudent, this often commandments. see his will of us is, far his Most what know We... (Luke babes: untorevealed them in lives the of of the members Church. disposition or ability than 10: more have we

21.) said to in a recent I visstake to One comply. me

In a high council testimony meeting The Lord has reiterated his promise ited, "I assiduously avoid all testimony some time ago I heard one of the number with much emphasis: meetings. I can't take the sentimental

in have the "I emotional andsay: statements work and that of am happy some

this the people and Church I can't research make. and these acceptmade its elationIf thouuponshaltrevelation,ask, thou shaltknowledgereceive uponrevdoctrines satisfy me better than anyknowledge, that thou mayest know the doctrines unless I can in a coldblooded

thing I have found."Then another arose mysteries and peaceable things—that which and rational way prove every step."I

and with deep feeling declared: "This bringeth joy, that which bringeth life eterknew this type of man as I have met

is the work of God. I know it. It is nal. (D. SC. 42:61.) others like him. In no case had they

the Lord's eternal plan of exaltation. I gone allout to live the commandments

know that Jesus lives and is the Re- \kjE preach and discuss the revelation Little or no tithing, only occasional atdeemer."I was uplifted by his surevv known as the Word of Wisdom, tendance at meetings, considerable

ness. And I went to the revelations and usually think of the temporal blesscriticism of the doctrines, the organizaof the Lord to see how it is that some ings that will come to us in increased tions and the leaders, and we know well

are so sure while others are passive or health if we live in harmony with its why they could have no testimony. Rehave doubts. teaching, that we might run and not member that the Lord said:

I recall of the Apostles the experience faint, be not and walk weary and and I, the Lord, bound am ye when do what to himself manifested the Lordwhen the destroying angel should us pass by, I say; but I ye when do not say; what ye his resurrection after found andthem is there but also a spiritual aspect which have promise. (D. no C. 82:10.) 6

him, but accepted one groupa who of is farreaching more stimushould and the quorum being absent declared that late us to high purpose. The promise I Such people have failed to "do what

he would not believe unless he could am thinking of is this he says."Of course, they have no

print in the of thesee the Lord's hands promise.

all saints And remember and who to keep hisnails, the into thrust and hand other the mishand have we On the these in sayings, walking to do obedience side. Savior, the whenwounded And his sionary in completely immersed. the shall find commandments and wisdomanticipating his doubt, had commanded his giving to it work, thought every and treasures great of.knowledge,. hidden even his forth to thrust and handThomas living closely energy, the treasures and (D. command89:18, 19.) C. &

feel said: know, he and ments. exception they without Almost

... Thomas, because thou hast seen me, What could be so priceless as wishave lived worthily, kept the comthat believed: blessed are they hastthou knowledge, even hidden and dom treasmandments, been and have rewarded

seen, not have believed. and yethave (John ures? the referred Surely treasures here with a knowledge as promised by their20:29.) scientific to of are those accomplishnot Savior, faithfultheir in proportion to

The Lord thus indicated that a knowlments. Such will come revealed as light ness. Consider also the thousands of

edge of spiritual things may be had from heaven discovered through the reward, quorum, and stake and mission without perception through the five search of men, but these hidden treasures leaders who have an abiding testimony.

senses. He has keys by which we may of knowledge in the revelation are those It is not blind loyalty but faithful obhave a knowledge of his work. In the which can be had only by use of the servance, and turning of keys which

temple he taught the Jews. They markeys given which are: "Walking in open the storehouse of spiritual knowlvelled at his knowledge and positiveobedience."And while the discoveries edge. The Lord revealed again to the

ness and said: "He speaks as one havin the physical world are very imporProphet Joseph

ing authority."tant to us here in mortality, the spiritual (Continued on page 700)

NOVEMBER, 1944 671 PET PEEVE Dm <=JLo'i5 5odime V

llen rearranged the rosesin the centerEI of the table for the third HER OWN SELFCONSCIOUSNESS INCREASED

UNFELT TENSION SHE THE AND WARM AND nice, deshe tabletime. did look The COMFORTABLE. steps, carefully attic stairs the a few

it off once tocided, survey standing skirt. cleaned holding her out newly the kitchen to going before backmore please here and come you "Will down

it in she did rolls oven. kitchen. the the theto Oh, always put That was way is start until to rumover dinner wait

right! all help out. be never everything turned would was muchhope Dad attic?"in that maging

interthe in she corralling could course most Ted. 'was Rutherwood OfShank I'll eat. find and go ahead Aw, his in until ages, but backesting she waited have came met had Mother boy them."

this frightening the best rather but someJane's,dignity was from Aunt was to going not I'm you have "No. that to she'd chance Shank havetimes. show everything.'spoiling in barging and

hostess. act really and could she cook she front and slammed, door The Briefly Ted's head apyeah?""Oh,

this please once decent be "Ted, when tinkling of twelveyear-old theheard head. her the hole at peared above

following begged, she I have company,"ukulele:Ted's find I'm Ellen, to basegoing "Well, my

his into room. him

first. ball things cares about CorWho

I'll natural. sure. Ell you're act the has But beau, ho, see heh, "Oh, oh comeOh poral Ruthergoody, anyway?"Shanky date. a caught new putting to catch not on going any me apprehensive Ellen an gave "Ted!"she'll in thin, tall he's but ask him andHe's airs corporal!"for that promised Ted living the the room, glance toward but bait. for chicken feed himAnd that the best earnestly, and too none was in of blur conversation voices animated

get she before ran Ellen from could him fear. refrain turned a with her the calmed She louder grew and Louder tooalready see the about to belatedly for little his the sigh kitchen a last minute rhyme. repeated toward tyrantas the

rolls. brown inspection. ruined Everything be of would impendingEllen a moment knew

disaster before she rushed into the hall. if they waited any longer.

she that this minute!"stop"Oh, Ted, dinner Ellen and announced Quickly the doorbell then J-ust us.cried. disgrace "You'll Who could toast bars soup. the served The little introducing Ellen buzzed, and was

entertain company with all that going the right brown, she were just was to about Dad. She had no fears Shank

on?: their elatedly as the diners took liking their another. not one Shank was thinking

But her tormentor pranced gleefully a real man, serious and really grownup places. Mother always served crackers,

around the hall and into the living room, about things, Ellen thought proudly, but this time everything had to be just clutching his instrument under one arm. watching his broad shoulders in their right.

"Shanky is a stuffed shirt, Shanky is freshly pressed uniform as he stepped the older to with shake forward hands food Ellen good, was he X Ellen hush!"him make Daddy, "Oh, man. the conversation but knew, somehow in father, seated herimplored was who "Ellen!"voice Ted's which came this It strain, of lagged. a business was evening the chair readinghis favorite if attic. as in the might he be sounded at the right right the serving time food minute, here "Shank'll any bepaper. put baseball where "Know my sort of the casual conversaMom and making

hear."he mightand things?"table. right for tion dinner the Although

"Can't you children get along?"Mr. "Excuse me,"Ellen said as sweetly Dad was courteous enough, he was alLong interposed mildly, glancing up as she could but with exasperation ways absorbed in eating and not parfrom his page. "Quit paying any attenmounting high. Everything would be ticularly interested in talking just then.

tion, Ellen, if you want him to stop. ruined if they waited until Ted ranHer own selfconsciousness increased

Why did you ask company while your sacked the attic, and she didn't want the tension, and she felt warm and unmother's away if you can't manage it him bursting in, craving soup while she comfortable.

without all this todo?"was trying to serve the rest of the meal. Just then the chords of Ted's uke

In vexation Ellen hurried back to the "Ted,"she called sternly, mounting (Concluded on page 693) 672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PARICUTIN MEXICO'S BABY VOLCANO

PARICUTIN, MEXICO'S BABY VOLCANO—Photographs by Author

carried press dispatches haveRecent volthe notation, "Mexico's new cano covers another village and a noted geologist barely escapes with his life."I visited Mexico in February of this year. The volcano was just one year

old at that time. I consider it Mexico's

greatest scenic wonder and if the war news earlier had not driven it from the front page, the Mexican government would have built a paved road to this new volcano and thousands of tourists would visit it annually.

The incredible story told by a Mexican farmer about the birth of the new volcano occurring in his corn field a year ago, made news and was flashed all over the world. It is probably the

first time in the history of man that an individual witnessed the rare sight of the birth of a volcano. THE LAST OBSERVATION POST—SON OF

DIONISIO TELLING PULIDO BIRTH OF OF seven rises from the ground miles and this of to simple story The telling FATHER'S FARM. VOLCANO ON in perfect cone. an almost top of The writers magazine andnewspaper men

made the Mexican farmer, Dionisio this cone is over two thousand feet high

Pulido, a rich man. and scientists have estimated that over we left the cars and made the rest of

I heard the story from his fifteenthree thousand tons of rock and molten the journey on Mexican ponies. The

yearold son who was working in the lava per minute are thrown from the horses were thin and underfed and I field with his father at the time the volcrater of the volcano, at times reaching had difficulty in mounting my horse.

cano was born. We were sitting around a height of 2,000 feet above the top. True, the stirrups hung only a foot from

a campfire at the Last Observation Post The volcano exhibits a fireworks at the ground, but each time I put one foot as spectacular as ever Vesuvius in the animal, to mount he either located a mile night about shack sank a hill, on—a boasted. The eruptions come with a or leaned knees on his volcano, of the down sideways from the base a halfand

and heard the strange story from this violence that can be heard for many in such a manner that I was unable to boy. He said, "Father was plowing in miles and the enormous column of proceed until three men came to the

the corn field with the oxen when a smoke and gas coming from the volcano rescue. They kicked the animal, shouted,

spiral of smoke and steam shot out of is so heavy at times as to black out the and held up the mount until I got in the ground and extended into the sky. sun and to keep the doomed region in the saddle. Wrapped in a Mexican

Soon the earth opened up and our farm shadow. blanket and with a large sombrero on

was covered with ashes and redhot my head, I started in the dark for the rocks which were blown high in the air. Tt is a long ride from Mexico City to last lap of the journey to the volcano/.

We all ran for safety. Father hurried A Uruapan, the "City of Flowers,"It is necessary to dress in this manner

to the next village to tell the padre that which is twentyfive miles from the base because any little change in the wind, there was a witch under the ground. of the volcano. and one may be showered with hot

After a few days the neighbors'farms We were tired when we arrived there cinders which readily burn holes in were covered, and soon the monster had at ten o'clock at night. There are only one's clothing and they are most undestroyed not only the farms, the fortwo hotels in the town and our reservacomfortable to the skin.

ests, but the village was covered with tions had been taken by government ofIt has been said by writers that the ashes."ficials. The guide had said, "You must volcano is the greatest show on earth,

Although Mexico's baby volcano is see the volcano at night for at that time and it does not disappoint you in any not yet two years old, it has influenced it is most spectacular, as the molten rock way. You witness its almost constant

the lives of over ten thousand people. It and cinders light up the country for eruptions with a feeling that is somehas covered with volcanic ash and lava miles around."what akin to fear. Tourists have been

many miles of good farm land, villages, The native hotel was poor, cold, and constantly warned by the Mexican govand thousands of acres of forests. Voluncomfortable. At two o'clock in the ernment that anything may happen and

canic ash has fallen on the city of Mexmorning, in two old jalopies, our party you feel that way when you look at this ico, three hundred miles away. The started for the volcano. Our destinagreat phenomenon of nature which, in

volcano now has a diameter of over tion was the city of San Juan, where (Concluded on page 692)

NOVEMBER, 1944 673 AMERICA A CHOICE LAND Btj &,zra Daft &en6on OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

the Delivered Church and the Columbia Salt Lake from of the Air, over KSL

EZRA TAFT BENSON 11:0011:30 Tabernacle, 8, Sunday, 1944, October a.m., M.W.T.,

during the 115th SemiAnnual Conference.

to the character of they have advanced of the Americas, this land blessed an singing an of hymns ocwere everydayTo the peoples who should inhabit of the United States. Every step by which reading of the holy scriptures, and the to nation disseems have been Hemisphere, an anindependent the is currence. Western There that evidence every

tinguished of providential token some by significant this uttered cient prophet "our fathers to looked for their God agency.

promise and solemn warning: direction."

Behold, this is a choice land, and whatThen as to the place of religion and In framing that great document which soever nation shall possess it shall be free morality, the Father of our Country Gladstone declared "the most wonderfrom bondage, and from captivity, and from continues ful work ever struck off at a given time the brain and of by purpose our will man,"they all heaven, nations under other all the dispositions habits which and Of is early leaders called land, Jesus of the the kind upon a serve provbut whoif God political religion to prosperity, lead and... is this land which behold, a idence. Christ, For Later the the product of con-

... indispensable morality are supports,

all lands; is wherefore other choice above stitutional convention to referred was forbid experience both to us exand Reason

it shall or serve possess that doth God he as our Godinspired Constitution. in that prevail They national pect morality can

it is off; everlasting the for shall swept be its incorporated had religious within principle. exclusion of sacred paraEther of of Mormon, (Book decree God. eternal graphs principles supported by 12.)2:10and viprophetic with Daniel Webster the scriptures holy with they which

Founded on the truth of Christian sion declared: were familiar. It was established "for

principles, this nation has become the If we and our posterity shall be true to the rights and protection of all flesh acworld's greatest power. Whence have the Christian religion, and if we and they cording to just and holy principles."

come our blessings of influence and sucshall live always in the fear of God, and Later the Lord himself declared, "I cess, and what assurance do we have shall respect his commandments,... we established the Constitution of this land,

that these blessings may be continued? may have the highest hopes of the future by the hands of wise men whom I raised

Have they not come as a result of a fortunes of our country. up unto this very purpose."

humble and devout recognition of the However, he pointed out that if we Founded as a great Christian nation overruling power of Almighty God in fail so to do then, our forebears have bequeathed to us an the establishment of this nation, and incomparable inheritance as a sacred catastrophe a can tell sudden how man fathers No willingness of the foundingthe trust. Americans, are As worthy we shall that us bury overwhelm may divine their to actions law?to conform all our of rich these blessings? lives our Are obscurity. in profound glory fathers earliest came American Our feel that such assured of the we futurehere with a common objective—freeThese are solemn words but fully as security of this great nation? Well

dom of worship and liberty of consobering are the words of Abraham might we remember that a continuation science. The Pilgrim Fathers, the PuriLincoln uttered many years later as of all these glorious promises is conditans in New England, the Quakers in follows tional.

in the CatholicsPennsylvania, Marycan what of And say our material we

I full this rules world, a... beGod am theland, in Georgia, and the Lutherans progress? Travel this across great land

liever a he that wants what knows man God all in seeking Virginia, cameHuguenots its and note fruitful its broad farms, It is pleases to him. which never do—that of Godgiven, the enjoyment andGod factories humming cities; and gleaming... it not, that heeds well with who man prineternal rightsselfevident based on its schools, churches, recreational areas, that of assistance the Being, Divine Without

ciples. Familiar with the sacred scrip- I cannot succeed, with that assistance I canand its rich natural resources. Remarktures, they believed that liberty is a gift not fail. able advances have been made in proof heaven. To them, man as a child of viding an everincreasing array of conGod, emphasized the sacredness of the And then regarding our duty to God, veniences, comforts, and beauties for

individual and the interest of a kind Lincoln warns: man. Today the average standard of

in the andProvidence affairs of men theirnations. acknowledged They deto Itownis thetheirdutydependenceof nations asuponwell asthe ofovermen pastlivingrecordsof our ofcitizensthe humanexceedsfamily.all known

they exhibited aspendence upon God their sins ruling to confess God, power of is The following a quotation from a in, to, faiththeir devotion and humble in transgressions sorrow humble and.. prewar B. Pettengill: article by Samuel

principles. the truth that those. recognizeChristian sublime and to

nations only are blessed whose God is the the leaders have six percent of the became Those land world's who later We

Lord. area its seven and percent of the people. recognized founders Butand humbly

that seven percent has thirtytwo percent of, for, actuality divineneed and the leaders early people the "Ves, and the of world's railway fiftyeight mileage, clearlyguidance. the imporThey saw

its percent this of recnation telephones, A generally great thirtysix of percent in vital religiontance of morality and its of developed water power, seventysix spiritual for supthe necessity ognized affairs of nations.the and men The percent the of world's if to the endure. port nation They was automobiles—enough arefollowing quotations from a few that so every man, child woman, and under this to convicexpression gave humbletheir statements. sincere George flag; the Wash130,000,000 Americans, could climb in inscription, tion "In the God Weington said into all cars these ride and at the rubber on

land. coins the the of Trust"found on instant of time, a same nation wheels, on

No people can be found to acknowledge The holy Sabbath was a day of rest and miracle of achievement. a

and adore the Invisible Hand which conworship. Religious devotion in the home This little seven percent of the world's

ducts the affairs of men more than the people was a common practice. Family prayer, population has fortyfour percent of its

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

radios; produces sixty percent of the world's preserved us in peace, and multiplied and the earth"was among the earliest competroleum, fortyeight percent of its copper, enriched and strengthened us; and we have mands given of the Lord. No more

fortythree percent of its pig iron, fortyvainly imagined, in the deceitfulness of our sacred obligation has been placed upon all steel, fiftyeight hearts, percent these blessings that were of its percent seven and promen women than its virtue its cotton, fiftysix superior corn, of of percent and wisdom duced some by able parenthood. We thatcannotof honorescape thirtythree with its sugar, Intoxicated unbroken of of twentyfive percent our own.

percent of its coal. success, we have become too selfsufficient the grave responsibility. The tragedy This seven percent of the world's populato feel the necessity of redeeming and preof broken homes—the breaking of the

tion has fortyfive percent of the world's total serving grace, too proud to pray to God sacred bonds of holy matrimony on the wealth; and far more than half of all the that made us. It behooves us, then, to least provocation is a national blot upon

wheels that turn on this planet,... turn on humble ourselves before the offended power, this great nation. The divine law:

American soil. to confess our national sins, and to pray for "Thou shalt not commit adultery"is

the forgiveness. depresof worst year In the and worst clemency still is force. in sin to next Sexual murof out history 30,000,000 sion of our in the of sight crimes in the category things for material rush In our we der of boys and girls 32,000,000 American

is it that record such of God. Our land.""the forgotten schools. in public have stayed on God of this school age And

all should sobering effect have a on little but nation, of security the point for old age this a Christian claim to be We true interested in the future Americans of prohas $108,000,000,000 percentseven of Christ. Reteachings the we ignore tection on the lives of 64,000,000 Americans ligion seems to be a declining influence welfare of the nation. We cannot conmore security than all the rest of the world in the lives of our people. Records show tinue to break these sacred laws withput together. that more than half of our population out reaping the sad results of disobedience. richthis is a church and of Truly are not any members choice land—the As a nation we need the refining and are heaven. nation est are under of members The Lord has many those who

kept his promise. We have been "free passively inactive. It has been estimated sustaining influences which come from

from bondage and captivity and from all that less than onehalf of the children obedience to divine law. Without such

other nations under heaven."Materialof the nation are being reached with any blessings the future of the nation is

ly we have excelled. We have become type of religious education. Recently insecure. How can we expect divine

a great power. But what of our spiritual published statistics show that but forty acceptance when as a nation we are

progress? Do we accept Jesus Christ percent of the children of the United drunken through the staggeringly inas "the God of the land,"the Redeemer States between the ages of five and creased uses of intoxicating liquors,

of the world? Do we worship him in seventeen are enrolled in Sunday narcotics, and tobacco. The human

spirit and in truth? Are we followers School. Concern has been expressed in body is the tabernacle of the spirit, and

of the Prince of Peace and believers in recent years for the lack of support for God expects that it be kept clean and his divine admonitions? He has clearly the church and for the number of unimpaired. The increase in these vices

pointed the way and would that all his churches that have closed their doors. weakens the moral fiber of our nation

children might follow! We seem to live in a nation of irreverand brings disappointment and sadness

ence. followed by greater sins.

HPoday the world is engaged in bloody of the shocking results of disAne struggle. death in in the life and "TfivOTiON the home, which * conflict—a to - obedience God's commandments nations had *- whoBegun among Christian to been past has anchor such an

is causing to concern most deep it is loss resulting in a Bible,the famiall but vanished. of life youth, has Few

today. people Is it not enough in history the unequalled propertyand the thoughtful daily lies unite in family prayer and

of the world. reading of the scriptures. Yet all will to sober us when Mr. J. Edgar Hoover,

One might easily imagine a repetition agree that this practice in years past director of the F.B.I., reports an inof the words of the Master, spoken over contributed much to the strength of this crease in 1943 of fortythree percent in

arrests eighteen, of under boys and an repeated today Jerusalem,disobedient the blessings great nation. need We girl increase of arrests under twentyfrom the heavens onas he gazes daily with this which communion come from

wartorn world: God. one of fortyeight percent? Broken

arrests the of females down, under Isaiah, said: ancient prophet, The killest that thou Jerusalem, Jerusalem, O for offenses twentyone against common are stonest prophets, which them andthe

the found, while ye he Lord be Seek may decency, as drunkenness, such vagran- I have often thee, wouldsent unto how is call the near: while Let he him upon ye cy, disorderly prostitution, conduct, together, as children evengathered thy

his the forsake unrighteous and a wicked way vice, commercial crimes other sex and wings, her under chickens her gatherethhen his (Isaiah 55:6-7.) thoughts. man left is increased fiftyseven in house Behold, percent 1943. not! your ye wouldand

unto you desolate. (Matthew 23:37 and 38.) One of the cardinal sins in our counFor the twoyear period, 194243, the

increase than one hundred was more is try the of taking name profanity—the to be left appear house not our Does It is percent. that no wonder Mr. in the vain. for of the Reverence Lord groping to be us desolate? seemto Men cries in of out these the face Hoover is writ. in enjoined of deity holy name the findingblindly, aimlessly, without facts his this clear teaching Jesus made when all progress material our weway. With

have made no appreciable advancement disciples to pray; he said, addressing the This country is in deadly peril. We can

still all this Father, war, thy for lose win name.""Hallowed be and freedom still to relations.in seems human Man

in America. creeping rot of For a moral the of separates Blaspheming name God selfish interests largely motivated bybe

... is disintegration eating into nation. our his Creator. from man himself, control to thewithout power indicted public America's youth, opinion by the of Sabbath. holy what From And it Is not his passions.his greed, and is as reckless carefree for these and blamed still is Sinai the decree Mt. came which forgotten nation thattrue as a have we lies real fault misdeeds, the elsewhere. but

in force: the Sabbath "Remember day it clear that as peoYes, a seems BeforeGod? the law, youth has any broken some

it Is this holy."to not keep obday adult indifferent, irrevercrime. seriousple has committed more a have become we

ent seekers after passing pleasures served more as a holiday, a day of Driven by lust for money or enslaved by little pleasure indulgence the pleasure, adult with that generation and forgets value. permanentwhich have no We

the obligation its solemn most person can for thought any sacredness? not Would printhe eternal from turnedhave away

is in the of to assume eyes and man God stranger in a land that our conclude weciples righteousness. of

direct child paths. along guide proper and a this consider sacred obsolete? law The the of Lincoln immortal words The responsibilof that place anything ahead To this citizens early of country respectedring as the through ages a solemn down is ity negligence. to criminal akin

will the of this the observed Lord andindictment today:

rest holy for as a day worship. day and S. of PhilaHarry McDevitt Judge the of been We have blessed for doing. so were the They is statefor the recent authority delphia Wechoicest bounties of heaven. been have recipientsWe also the need blessings which come that penitentiary "a should be ment new years, thesepreserved in peace and many

prosperity. We have grown in numbers, from Sabbath observance. built every other week to accommodate

wealth, and power as no other nation has And what of our attitude as a nation the United States'growing criminal ever grown; but we have forgotten God. We regarding the sacred obligations of population. The national prison populahave forgotten the gracious hand which parenthood? "Multiply and replenish (Concluded on page 726)

NOVEMBER, 1944 675

v watchmen OF THE VINEYARD By MARK E. PETERSEN

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

And behold, the watchman upon the towvineyard, spoken of in the parable in er would have seen the enemy while he was these words:

yet afar off; and then ye could have made

ready and kept the enemy from breaking And while they were yet laying the down the hedge thereof, and saved my vinefoundation thereof, they began to say among yard from the hands of the destroyer. ( D. & themselves, And what need hath my lord

C. 101:4454.) of this tower? And consulted for a long

time, saying among themselves: What need

is this this of seeing tower, a lord hath my fields of plan has gospel many HPHE this be not of peace? time money Might is fields those of * activity. one Each MARK E. PETERSEN is there to For exchangers? the no given vital and essential. We have the work need of these things. (D. & C. 101:4749.)

of the priesthood quorums for men and

Address delivered at the Sunday for boys; we have the Church welfare We might paraphrase the words of

morning session of the \\5th plan; we have our financial system of the parable to express the attitude of

semiannual general confertithing, and fast, and other offerings; some among us by saying:

ence October 8, 1944, in we have the work of the auxiliaries; we

the Tabernacle have the plan of clean living, known as What need hath my Lord of this Church this of time seeing a program, welfare other and of many the Wisdom, Word of a hath prosperity? Lord need myis What is positively one fields Each of activity. is as of often spoken public the the from to aged remove plan set its place; in one each was essential is It the of Lord."Thethe Church"vineyard the counties, state rolls of the welfare and

so referred to in a parable that the there by the Lord himself as part of the seeing that we pay high taxes, and are inLord gave to the Prophet Joseph Smith, plan of salvation. It is not for us to say vited to accept the government dole withwhich I wish to relate to you here that any part of the plan of God is not out so much as having to work to get it?

essential. It is not for us to say that any Or what need hath my Lord of this Mel-

A certain nobleman had a spot of land, part is unimportant, to be disregarded chizedek Priesthood program, with its four very choice; and he said unto his servants: with impunity. committees and its projects and assignments

unto even uponGo ye my vineyard, twelve plant this One organization may not say to anforis suchthe membersa busy timeof andthe quorums,we have notseeingtimethisto of land, and piece choicevery olivetrees; other, "I have no need of thee,"any take care of our own personal affairs, let

And set watchmen round about them, and more than the eye can say to the ear, "I alone bother with the affairs of our brethbuild a tower, that one may overlook the have no need of thee,"nor the hand to ren? Or what need hath my Lord of an

land round about, to be a watchman upon the foot, "I have no need of thee."As Aaronic Priesthood program? Why should

the tower, that mine olivetrees may not be Paul said we bother with a standard quorum award broken down when the enemy shall come to plan, requiring the boys to attend their spoil and take unto themselves the fruit of For the body is not one member, but many; priesthood meeting every Sunday morning,

my vineyard.... if the whole body were an eye, where seeing that Sunday is the only day of the

Now, the servants of the nobleman went were the hearing? If the whole were hearweek on which they might stay in and sleep

and did as their lord commanded them, and ing, where were the smelling? But now hath and get a little more rest than they normally

planted the olivetrees, and built a hedge God set the members everyone of them in could get? Also, why bother with such a

round about, and set watchmen, and began the body, as it hath pleased him. (I Cor. program when so many of our boys are in

to build a tower. 12:14, 17, 18.) the service of their country?

And while they were yet laying the founOr what need hath my Lord of printing dation thereof, they began to say among Let me repeat that last bit of scripand publishing a Church News for its service it out bother sending should men; lord we why hath need setthemselves: members the my hath And what ture: God "Now

it is, just too much boys, those to when this tower?of it hath as the in of body them everyone

it to them? mail to trouble time, saying for long a consulted And him."pleased of hath Lord need a Word what Or my hath need themselves: myamong What

live gospel the to us expects I Lord The must simply have of my when Wisdom, this of is a time seeing this tower,lord of peace? by participating in the program of the cup of coffee for a morning "pickup"?

Might not this money be given to the Church. Every part of that program Or what need hath my Lord of a tithing

exchangers? For there is no need of these may be likened unto the trees and the system when I need my money for other

things. tower in the parable I have read to you. things?

variance at one with while they were And planted tree commandment by Each was they slothful, and very they becameanother To return to the words of the parto be erected the of tower Lord; the was

of the not unto commandmentshearkened of the able: the likewise commandment by lord.their

And the enemy came by night, and broke Lord, who clearly explained to his servAnd while they were at variance one down the hedge; and the servants of the ants the purpose of the construction of with another they became very slothful, and

noblemen arose and were affrighted, and such a tower. they hearkened not unto the commandments

fled; and the enemy destroyed their works, Likewise, the various parts of our of their lord.

olivetrees. the broke downand the Church been set in by have perinto the failure of any look You of program the lord the nobleman, behold, Now, a wise purpose, for a particular the Lord of God, the to live son commandments his servants, and called upon vineyard,the

said unto them, Why! what is the cause of purpose in him, as a means of bringing or you look into the failure of any orthis great evil? into his fold the souls of men. ganization to follow the outlined proOught ye not to have done even as I But there are those among us who do gram of the Church, and you will findcommanded you, and—after ye had planted not consider that all these parts of the the person, or the organization, which

built the round hedge vineyard,the and necessary. are the of the of the Church program regard program does not

the walls set upon watchmen andabout, unimportant, feel that the are they of or They the commandments Church also, set a and tower thethereof—built are not therefore they important. particularly as and that "What in any Lord for the watched tower, and uponwatchman

my vineyard, and not have fallen asleep, way bound to comply with them. How need hath my Lord of these things?"

lest the enemy should come upon you? much are they like the servants in the (Continued on page 724)

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Significance of

latnairchat d5ueSiinai & JOSEPH F. SMITH... From this time forth I appoint unto him

that he shall be a prophet, and a seer, and a j-atriarck to the Lkurck revelator unto my church, as well as my servant Joseph; That he may act in concert JOSEPH F. SMITH

also with my servant Joseph; and that he

shall receive servant counsel from Jomy the delivered at Saturday Address shall the unto keys him show who session the evening of "evangelical ministers"means "patrireceive, he be and and ask 115th seph,whereby may general semiannual conferarchs."blessing, glory, the and with same crowned

ence October 7, 1944, in and honor, and priesthood, and gifts of the If I remember correctly, he gave these the Tabernacle priesthood, that once were put upon him that instructions on the 27th of June, 1839.

was my servant Oliver Cowdery; That my I may be wrong. One of the duties of a

of the record servant bear Hyrum may is the in to declare these days patriarch priesthood as this is a Inasmuch I him, shall that things unto which show blessreceiving the persons lineage of at meeting, our last as inasmuch and in his honorable remembe had name may I that that opinion the ings. of I am at conference spoke semiannual forgeneration, to generation from brance declarasimply a than more means much this the meeting, the priesthood was ever. 124:9496.) C. ever (D. and &

one session at which I expected to be tion of fact. Some persons who have

comfortable. I have learned another That calling was over and beyond his received patriarchal blessings and who

lesson in jumping at conclusions. office of patriarch. He was a special have not had their lineage declared have

his brother, concern, of wonderwitness deal of and shown was a good shown meeting, this is priesthood Since a this it. situaof presidency. the keys ing about Now assistance of the have I may my Faif

in history of I myself, the tion for confess, has unique I have been must like attempt, to I should ther in heaven, that that quite has understand to Since time Church. able never been that the observations at least, to few a make

are necessary. thouconcerned not been should There be so much why we queries have, answer some youmay

Certainly persons of are witnesses sands knowing. not merely about who now I in feel that safe assuming someand

is divinity the lineage of the imof a this of Prophet declaration Joseph more are queries these of because common, inoffice that the giving that Smith, simply thing than so portant an Hyrum the frequency of with they which have office satisfaction held as the than psychological Smith more dividual was a to put me.been

Oliver Cowdery occupied a unique which subsequent patriarchs have held. to his heritage.

position in the Church. He was called I believe that a declaration of lineage,

is also the blessings priesthood are of sacred the authority by Patriarchal is that witness, to acand be a special ** to, of, assignment an things. It is significant a declaration in and to me thatcording said to the law. has Lord The

time and again that his word is to be the revelation, the great revelation on a responsibility. When one has his lineestablished in the mouths of two or three priesthood, the word "patriarch"itself age declared, he is given a responsibility

witnesses. It is significant that the is not used. I have pondered that conto fulfil, according to that heritage.

Prophet Joseph did not receive the siderably.

priesthood by himself, but he, together It is the duty of the Twelve, in all large (\n the very day that the Prophet exreceived thewith Oliver Cowdery, ministers that evangelical to evangelichurch, of the ordain branches plained priesthood, and Cowdery's it was Oliver patriarchs, cal shall ministers, he also explained designated as they unto meant be calling to bear witness to these things. them by revelation. The order of this priestsome of the functions of the Comforter.

The Savior himself, according to the hood was confirmed, to be handed down He explained the difference between the to rightly father to belongs from son, andlaw, required witness, his Father, and a that explained comforters, he and two literal seed, the of the descendants chosenin person, divinity witness to the bore of the of of the functions Ghost one Holy to the (D. promises made. were whom &his Son. the they to Together appeared is their the Gentiles to of Genpurge 107:3940.) C. find will Smith.Prophet Joseph You tile that today blood. know we Now

ample Biblical support for the necessity Then the order of this priesthood, heritages are mixed. Pure racial strains

witnesses.of is beginning in chronicled almost with the Adam, Occident—are in—certainly Oliver Cowdery did not remain faithdiscover. are section of the to the 107th Doctrine impossible Bloods and

ful, and his position was given to Hyrum Covenants. mixed, but a Gentile, born of full GenSmith. Now we know that these men were tile lineage, being converted to the

And again, verily I say unto you, let my patriarchs. I am not sure that I know gospel, accepting the gospel, and receivservant William be appointed, ordained, and precisely why the words "evangelical ing the Holy Ghost, through his faithanointed, as a counselor unto my servant ministers"were used, rather than the fulness, according to the Prophet's

in the ofJoseph, servant these are room words Hyrum, my not my It "patriarchs."seems, however, word words—and

that office servant the take Hyrum my will may the Prophet's according to words, significant that the here used term to me

Priesthoodof Patriarch, which and apwas his completely blood Gentile have definitely spiritual suggests very the his father,pointed unto blessing him by by literally will of purged, he become and is It office. of the patriarchal not right; alsoand henceforth from That by he nature Israel. of the blood it office, administrative is not an an exshall the of the blesshold patriarchal keys

ings upon the heads of all my people. That ecutive office, it is a spiritual office. I think that fact is something for pawhoever he blesses shall be blessed, and The old patriarchs, of course, lived triarchs prayerfully to ponder.

shall cursed; curses that hewhoever be patriarchal a system under governof of has arisen question a number The

shall shall earth bindwhatsoever he on the of family be ment. actuhead was, The fathers not recently or times whether

in shall heaven; whatsoever andbound he ally their the of government, head and their entitled pachildren are give to shall earth in loosed beloose on heaven.

(D. & C. 124:9193.) that continued for a good many generatriarchal blessings. The answer is yes tions. We no longer live under a patriand no. After all, if you are going to

Hyrum Smith was called to be the archal form of government. Our civil deal technically merely in the meanings

patriarch to the Church, but he was also government is greatly different. The of words, a patriarchal blessing means

called to take Oliver Cowdery's place Prophet Joseph Smith, in a meeting with a father's blessing. A patriarch is literas special witness to the Prophet. the Twelve, explains specifically that (Continued on page 718)

NOVEMBER, 1944 677 a:

THE TEST O F LhrtdtiarUki Address delivered at the Saturday afternoon session of the \\5th &J general semiannual conferin PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG 7, 1944, ence October the Tabernacle OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

a in this are large audience the Lord, that he might be glorified. (Isaiah Sitting

61:1-3.) in of the service of number men

their country. They wear the uniform of United States soldiers. It is Our Savior came to save. He sought

always a fine thing to have them in our out the lost souls who had wandered midst. On the banks of the Potomac far away. Sin was in the world then as

River in Washington at Arlington Cemit is today. He came to redeem the lost

etery, is the tomb of the Unknown LEVI EDGAR YOUNG by the principle of repentance and holy

Soldier whose body was brought from baptism by one who has the power of

France at the close of the First World God. If the Christian world has forWar. Carved on the tomb is a message came into the world in the sixteenth gotten this, then it has lost its divine

of beauty. It reads: "Here lies in honcentury. The daring and forceful power. "All great truths,"it has been

ored glory an American soldier known methods of John Calvin, Martin Luther, said, "are simple truths."If the followers of will begin the Jesus to teach Melanchthon, Zwingli, to that and but message all AmeriJohn Knox, God"—a the in that gospel of Christ ways of and many others left their results cans in mind! to keep upon do well may

the world. We do not doubt their inhumility which comes of the genuinely

heart the high pure for tegrity and regard the to what they considered the of the help to have Father T wish my intellect, then divinity the of the gospel fundamental doctrines of Christ, Jesus A I while to in heaven speak you will It take in root of this but the soul men. new disaster sin and have been growing afternoon. be Christianity again. to the present day. are There in will

The Puritan preacher, John Eliot, this country two hundred and fifty is of message new the Indians, to the Redeemer the as apostle known A different religious creeds with a total in the today. world It says in part his as wrote preface to Bible a after membership of some eighty million

translated the having Narragansouls. burning The question of the hour believe the Eternal in God, Father, We sett faith language in Jesus is: "Workit intowith is the Where simple and repure in his Christ, and Son, Jesus and in the Holy It all Christ things."can accomplish: ligion of Jesus Christ as taught the by Ghost.

fitting peculiarly a to mottowas his Master two thousand believe that will years ago? for be punished men The We

it times; fitting is peculiarly in our own their sins, for Bible has suffered and not transgresown at the Adam's hands of those

day. It meant as Frederick Harrison has whom it sought to help. Men have failed

aptly believe toil that in that written to the through producing atonement to its sion.We read teachings to through the end

of all Christ, mankind saved, be life isthings may by for offer needful to human with intelligent an thoroughness. They the to obedience laws the ordinances and of to of theup ourselves creation law have selections made according their to

life this thatwhich earth ordained on human knowledge "and have its missed first believe that the principles and gospel.Wecould the only be sustained of sweat by spirit the and trend of its instruction, first, the ordinances of are: gospel Faith

man's brow. The terrible times through and the glorious uplift of its truths."the Lord Jesus Christ; second, Repentance;in

which we are passing are destined to third, Baptism by immersion for the remisleave within nation every as as sins; sion war well fourth, of of for Laying on hands will the be VSXhat characteristics of

gift It the ofour the own. Ghost. Holy to prove harder may win religion a of Jesus Christ as hubelieve that a of called must be man topeace than war. will win We be There manity returns to the old way God, prophecy, laying the by and of by on way—thea dearth food, of clothing, of sadand of Christ our Savior? followers The will hands, in those are to authority by who all,dest of lack a of Christian fellowhold to the of the power the the in preach Gospel administer and priesthood ofship. the religious influential forces Are

thereof. ordinances God, to authority, liberty, and to the set toenough of selfdenial, an example the believe in organization that same doctrine of We individual salvation, the selfrestraint,of discipline of re- a and in existed the viz., primitive Church, aposspirit of truth that binds people into. faith in thenewed teachings the tles, of pastors, prophets, teachers, evangelists, Christian society. unity The of the etc.Savior of the that world, taught who Church living of the will enGod bepeace can only as the people love come visaged society, a by for which Christheir theirLord as neighbors and God tendom waits. It will the be religion of in honest, true, believe being chaste,themselves? We Jesus Christ, not and religion a virtuous, about benevolent, to in and doing good failed often too have to ourgive We Jesus Christ. all Thus indeed, that men; say follow we come to the suwe may weselves to the the of Lord. word test We preme of the religion all of admonition believe revelation. This Paul—We afterhave praise, run wealth, honand all things, things, the hope endured have we was we fundamental teaching of the

or, that thought and Christ be things, to able to and be endure hope may many prophets the of Old Testament. Isaiah

all If isfound things. there seeking anything virtuous, by eminence and power. in richness spiritual of expression wrote lovely, of or report or praiseworthy, is goodThis so. of will not to us have Many ages ago:

learn that it is not the outward and we seek after these things. (The Articles of

physical, but by the inward and physical The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; Faith.)

that men become true men. Did not the because the Lord hath anointed me to preach

Master say: "Whosoever will save his good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me TThis message is purifying and refining.

to bind the..."up hearted, brokenlife it. to proclaim shall lose the that taught He It will correct the of abuses human liberty to the captives, the and opening upmajesty is sanctity living the for and of society; that the the abuses obstruct of the to prison that them are bound. To isinvisible: that for to truth, honor, say is It of revelatory, work. God's appoint that unto them in Zion, to pathway mournfidelity, the of righteousand kingdom "fulfilling largest the posmeaning and give unto for ashes, them oil beauty the of

ness. sibility furtherrevelation."of for joy the mourning, And of for garment praise

There were honored names that took the spirit of heaviness; that they might be more, we have a truth: "Whatsoever

part in the great religious changes that called trees of righteousness, the planting of (Concluded on page 708) 678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Firing Line

<=>LeLjmnd f\lckam5 & presiding bishop

Address delivered at the Saturday they are subjected to. I am sure we

morning session o/ the \\5th were all impressed yesterday with what semiannual general conferPresident Grant said about President ence October 7, 1944, in Merrill seeing President Grant's brother LE GRAND RICHARDS the Tabernacle wearing a halo, as it were, about him, it being the influence of his father. I

B. was Brown Brother Diego. Hugh that pray wherever our our go boys

in presence, and your of sixtyodd there, some and had we Brethren, influence them, with and go be may may humility the and with utmost present. forces the of armed our boys light their as path, to to guide a and

I sincerity, desire to express to my talked, of us; for them sang some They direct to give and and them power

for gratitude Father deep Heavenly my the of the one conference after and resist strength evil to they with which this in great Church, membership and: "Bishop, said to and up boys came me time. are at the present surrounded

for fellowship the fellowship your and

Saints, blessings the of and the that I letterI desireI receivedto read froma fewa wordscaptainfromfroma you'llmeans neverto us."knowHe whatsaid, a"Theday worldlike thisis

am privileged to enjoy as a member of one of our bases. "After wading through so wicked—you think men are wicked,

hisWeChurch.called a deacon to talk in one theand muckcorruption,and mireit andtakesvice,courageimmoralityof a butin it I aswantcomparedto tell youwiththatthe theywomen."are not

of our stake conferences recently, exhigh caliber to keep yourself immune I could not understand that, because his temporaneously, expressed and he in of Zion and been reared know I had from partaking of the then same."And gratitude his blessings, for to the Lord gospel the high the of the teachings and tells officers'he of attending an party

and among them he said, "I thank the when he was the only one of all present, standards of our women. And this confor privilege the of rearedLord being largely dition to conceded be seems by and not men women, under was who

I of home."thought have in a Mormon in the leaders in world. I was When influence liquor. the of I wonder Then

I that since, a times good many and of president as the Southern Atlanta if if there the influence were boy of my

I all think of blessings could most be my of promiMission, our most States one the the of and gospel home would be grateful for privilege the of having been in betalking ministers Atlanta, of nent that such could out alone he stand in reared a home. Mormon in Virginia, fore a Bible society made against that entire group of officers,

I the thank Lord for the inThen in the conditions statement about they even though taunted him, as they this fluence of the gospel which has assisted did, as the captain explains in his letter. world. He said:my wife and me in rearing our children.

is to cute for debutantes thinks Society I realize is condition the in the world to read words a few want "VTow, gloriouscarried morning home Mondayittoday; they the influence need of the * son missionary all that fromI conditions who bely drunk. History shows own mygospel of Christ Jesus than anymore of every says: the preceded downfall service. which emthe recently entered He elsething to enable their to them keep It pire the past face of today. us remained

moorings and to be faithful and true to My companion and I are plenty disgusted for the twentieth century to lift woman the high standards of this Church. with the boys here. Their language is down from her throne, teach her to drink

In traveling from stake to stake, atpositively evil, foul and vile. If the Lord as we drink, smoke as we smoke, and

lives, will their they mighty be preserves blaspheme as we blaspheme. in conferences,tending almost stake

talk. filthy night fortunate. and Day there enter chapelevery on hangs we at all had not be bad Things would if we

flagthe wall or banner, memorial a with that there indicates are Babson "pOGER missionaries. of returned a company

girl instars representing each and boy requisites the to restore world ** four the armed forces. In many cases they Thank God that our boys are able to to peace, one being a return to righttotal approximately ten percent of the discern the difference between the ways eousness and Christianity in action,

ward or the stake population. I never of the world and the way they have and then he adds, "There, however may

look at a flag like that but what I realize been taught in this Church. be a great difference between righteousthat every star represents a boy or a girl. A returned missionary came into my ness and theology, between theoretical

I think of those boys, and my own two office not long ago. I knew his parents Christianity and Christianity in action."

sons, of where they go and what they well. He was serving at one of the bases Booth Tarkington, in giving an exdo. I am most grateful to the Lord for here in Salt Lake, and I said: "What planation for the condition the world

my present assignment to labor with the kind of boys are you associated with?"is in today, said: "Lopsided progress

felall are swell "they the responsibiliof Zion.youth he said, "Oh,"Of material did advance it—scientific

I inties that the mine, are regard do anything this as the lows. would They in undeveloped achieved by nations

most precious and the most important. world for you. But,"he said, "they spirit."

I think of these boys by day and by profane the name of God all day long, Will Durant, who was here not night, not only the ones who are on the and when you tell them they are doing long ago, made this statement: "We

firing line and are in precarious condiit, they don't believe you. They have will be poor and virtuous again."

tions and circumstances, but also those just been used to it, it is their natural I thought much about that, and I who have to meet the temptations of the language, it is the way they talk."thought that if poverty were the only

world by which they are surrounded He said: "Do you want me to tell price of virtue, God grant that poverty

under their present conditions. I wonder you the rest of the story?"might come, for virtue must return to the

if we at home have done all we should I said, "Well, yes."earth if we would be able to stand when

for them, that as they live we will be "Well,"he said, "they don't think he makes his appearance.

proud to know that they stand for us inany more of being immoral, going out Returning from Oregon a few weeks dividually, for our homes, for this great for a woman, than they would to go ago from attending a conference, I sat

Church. Are we willing that the world and buy a beefsteak if they were hunin the men's rest room while the porter

should judge us individually and as a gry-"was making up the berths, and there people by their lives and the things they You wonder that the world could fall were an army officer and one or two do? to such a condition as that. others present, and a doctor who was in

Then I think of the temptations that I attended a stake conference in San {Continued on page 704)

NOVEMBER, 1944 679

Melchizedek Priesthood

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOODCONDUCTED OF BY THE COMMITTEE FIELDING OF THE COUNCIL SMITH, THE TWELVE—JOSEPH A. CALLIS, CHAIRMAN; CHARLES BENSON, EZRA TAFT HAROLD B. LEE, MARION G. ROMNEY, CLIFFORD THOMAS E. MCKAY,

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

the committee and a composite of reJke If jew IKoll and IKeport iSoohi ports from all quorums of the Melchizedek Priesthood within the stake. The

is this of departure complete use a form 1 the 6, of evening 944, October Report and Roll Book an The QuorumC\& heretofore suggested. from system any"the or elders seventy of (For rolls outline quorum reports of the and new that the After section completing of lives one withinto membership Priestthe in used whose be Melchizedek

calls for report a of the record which ward) in the presentedhood Assemwork was the the stake committee, done work by Hallbly to representatives stake of assisted president, secrefor the like that the quorum record book, This byMelchizedek Priesthood committees is tary, this roll, in audit record, then to financial unit, and the combines group all thefrom over Church. many The report. form, audit the quarterly report forms, each quorum records, and Theexpressions of endorsement comand

full should of in especially the instructions of the each. use check with accuracyplete leadstake approval coming from

items. percentage are as the forms those quorum same Theers the that the encourage opinion new

unit for the group adapted quobut to of report quarterly stake the The fills asystem standing long of need and use. rum is to committee completed be immewill be enwith adopted and welcomed

thusiasm. The original of the quarterly quorum diately upon receipt of quorum reports

report is to be mailed to the chairman and mailed to the Council of the

The new forms are simple and easy to of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood Twelve, 47 East South Temple Street, understand. Each one has been carecommittee on or before the seventh of Salt Lake City, Utah, on or before the

fully integrated with the other and bears the month following the close of the 15th of the month following the close a direct relationship to the whole. quarter. The duplicate copy is to reof the quarter.

contributing toFeatures confusion and in the record report main this has been book for reference composite Whenuncertainity eliminated. Inhave been presidency. the quorum to by the Twelve, the Council of the mailed

structions for of the use are each form reports debe individual quorum may explicit in detail will every and be duplicate of this the since stroyed copy Master and Roll Report Book a Thepart of the printed form. report. in report includes each quorum with ( For quorums membership

The new system will become effective two or more wards

January 1, 1945. Orders for printed Minutes of Quorum and Group

supplies, not already placed, should be The Master Roll and Report Book, Meetings directed at once to the Council of the like those for quorums and groups,

Twelve, 47 East South Temple Street, combines the roll, a record of quorum A separate book will be available for

Salt Lake City, Utah. The order blank finances, and the quarterly report, with the recording of minutes of all quorum

supplied to stake committees should be carefully detailed instructions. This roll and group meetings and each quorum

used in ordering supplies. All forms will is to be used only by the quorums of and group unit should be supplied therebe furnished without charge. high priests, seventy, or elders whose with. The pages in this minute book will

live in rememberships wards. left eliminate more two or the largely to blank be

in further assist preliminary a To explicit. of more form a roll section provides for a The comstrictions ofstudy system, the the following new

is in list quite prevalent plete many the of membership, The custom quorum isdigest each of form submitted attendance of each member at the wards and stakes of the Church to make monthly quorum meeting, ward of minutes too long, by recording unnecesThe Group Roll and Report Book residence, address, date of ordination sary information. The minutes should

and by whom ordained if received into be confined to the record of the busiof the transacted an epitome ness ordination, and through quorum date roll, group keeping pages for The a the discussed. is officially subjects remarks into Of received the made on member of finances,record quarterly group the

action decision or course, for quorum, any important and a "Remarks"column inreportgroup forms, detailed and reclisting of pertinent other taken a matter should information. be made Thestructions each, in the use of are combined in this record book. It is to be Master Roll does not provide for a deord.

record of activities of members unitused each group by quotailed making up is since this information supplied to Roll Pad priests, high elders. of seventy,rums or

quorum officers in the group reports.

In groups quorums, and many some roll provides for checking The each is report to quarterly be quorum The roll calling not audible the of an would at attendancemember's the weekly filled in duplicate immediately out upon time practical. valuable be much Too priesthood meeting,group the monthly reports receipt of quarterly from group thus consumed. be would other meeting,quorum Church work the units quorum making memberup is roll use of the recompad The hour, theduring priesthood meeting is original ship. to to mailed the be The instances. in such pad mended Theliving asrecording from home, away the stake of Melchizedek chairman durshould to passed each be member visit visits tosignments fellow members, the or before Priesthood committee on ento ing or the meeting group quorum Information."made, "Other and of the following the seventh month his indicate able to attendance and him

quarter. the of close

for. activities is called secreas other quarterly report to be group The The

filled out in duplicate by the group leadQuarterly Report of Stake tary should supply a pencil so that coner and the original mailed to the quorum Committee fusion incident to "borrowing"may be president immediately following the last avoided.

group meeting of the quarter. The dupliThe quarterly report of the stake When the pad is returned to the seccate copy is to remain in the record Melchizedek Priesthood committee retary, he should immediately copy into

book for future reference. combines the report of the activities of the roll all information thus submitted.

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jhe If (aw Svnrmal Keport andIt iscounselorssuggested thatgo alonequorumwhenpresidentsinterviewing quorum members. Confidential

(Written for the immediate attention retary is not required to make such a matters may be more freely discussed of quorum presidencies) statement. when only the quorum officer and the

close Part of examination Upon Two present. should be are Care member different form completely and new A

it that also report evident will of the be embarrassment to avoid any exercised** is required each of report of annual interpersonal basis the of only a upon should interview the to member. The Priesthood the of Melchizedekquorum is member, with each quorum view is who in the while he not conducted be year. the This currentbeginning with

living at the report be home, can made family. his of of presence members desheretoforereport forms replaces

status reflect of the true quorum to secretaries group nor Neither quorum is It reproasignated L, and N. M, standards the to regard with members assist to quoto are leaders asked be for in detail except every belowduced therein. forth set This of the as Church inin these conducting presidencies rum will included instructionsthe be which

at us to important brings very once a terviews.in form. the printed the confronting assignment immediately

rethe survey, avoid making When it examination, will be evident Upon presidencies of all quorums of the Melin this information, except cording any of thethat living of the standards the chizedek Priesthood.

Church is being emphasized in the anreport, which will identify any member nual report. Men who bear the holy Members of the presidency of each with the answers made. This is a conpriesthood and who hold positions of quorum of high priests, seventy, and fidential report and the statements of

leadership are expected to conduct their elders, are to personally interview each members should be held in strictest conlives in keeping with the word of the quorum member, who is living at home, fidence.

Lord. to determine his answer to items 8 to 14 When each member has been interPart One of the report specifies that inclusive, excepting percentage items, so viewed, the quorum presidency should

each quorum president and counselor, that this report may be completed and take a list of quorum members to each in the order of his seniority, sign his mailed to the Council of the Twelve, 47 respective bishop at the end of the year name and make a personal statement as East South Temple Street, Salt Lake and ascertain each member's tithing to whether his life is in harmony with City, Utah, not later than January 1, record as to whether he is a full tithethe questions asked. The quorum sec1945. (Concluded on page 683)

THE CONFIDENTIAL ANNUAL REPORT

In order that the general authorities of the Church and priesthood quorum leaders may be more helpful to quorum members, the following report is called for as an index to the attitude of the quorum presidency and members toward the standards of the Church as set forth in the Thirteenth Article of Faith, and as an indication of the measure of their spirituality. This information is to be determined from the personal statement of each member of the quorum presidency and through

personal interview with each quorum member who is living at home.

PART ONE Each member of the quorum presidency, in the order of his seniority, will please sign his name, write his address, and pers anally indicate his answers to the questions set forth in the form below. The quorum secretary is not required to make such statement.

Do You Do You Do You Do You Quorum Presidents Address Wardof Tithing Record KeepSabbaththe KeepWordthe RegularHold SacramentAttend AreMorallyYon

Residence Full Part Exempt Holy?Day Wisdom?of Prayer?Family Regularly?Meeting Clean?

1 1 1

1 1! 1 | 1 1

| 1 1 1 1 1 1

i| 1 I 1 1 1 1

1 1 1 1 1

1 1 1

PART TWO

1. Total quorum members enrolled December 31, 1944. (Include all members regardless of activity status or place of residence)

2. Number quorum members living away from home December 31, 1944

3. Number quorum members living at home. (Item 1 less Item 2)

4. How many members of your quorum have been personally interviewed to obtain the information contained in this report?

5. Number full tithepayers

A. Percent full tithepayers. (Divide Item 5 by Item 3) 6. Number part tithepayers.............*.

7. Number exempt from payment of tithing.

8. Number observfng the Word of Wisdom

A. Percent observing the Word of Wisdom. (Divide Item 8 by Item 3).

9. Number not observing the Word of Wisdom. (Items 8 and 9 should equal Item 3)

10. Of those not observing the Word of Wisdom, how many use liquor? Tobacco? Both?

11. Number who hold regular family prayer. (At least daily. See Book of Mormon, III Nephi 18:1821; Alma 34:1827; 34:37; D. & C. 34:17.)

A. Percent holding family prayer. (Divide Item 11 by Item 3)

12. Number attending sacrament meeting during 1944.

A. Regularly (whenever possible. See D. & C. 59:9-10.).

B. Occasionally.

13. Percent attending sacrament meeting.

A. Regularly. (Divide Item 12A by Item 3)

B. Occasionally. (Divide Item 12B by Item 3)

14. Number observing the Sabbath day. (See D. & C. 59:9-10.)....'.,'-

A. Percent observing the Sabbath day. (Divide Item 14 by Item 3)

15. Number away from home on missions December 31, 1944

16. Number on stake missions December 31, 1944

17. Do you have knowledge of any morally unclean members in your quorum?

(Yes or No) If so, have you reported such cases to your stake president? -

(Yes or No) 18. Do you have any members of your quorum who do not have a reputation for honesty, integrity, and fair dealing?

(Yes or No) If so, report any labors by the quorum presidency with such members and results noted. (If no action has been taken, so state.)

Statement of quorum finances: $ $

Total Receipts Total Disbursements Balance on Hand Dec. 31

Signed Quorum President NOVEMBER, 1944 681 Aaronic Priesthood

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP Ifoldlv Sp&akbu

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY Notice to Bishops 1944 DECEMBER Confidential the Annual Renew IN port required being of all quonow Text: BOYS HOW TO WIN the Priesthood, of Melchizedek rums

Chapter XXIV: Training Boys for themembertithingis calledrecordfor.of Theeachamountquorumof

Citizenship tithing is not asked, but it is desired

to> is a each whether member know REEDQuotations the Text: from or tithepayer, part tithepayer, A. full 1. is Bible text great "... The the one of tithing. from exempt the payment of BENSON citizenship! the Without sermon on presidencies adbeen have Quorum

the mount there is no complete Chrisvised to procure this information from tian citizenship."each respective bishop. It is urged,

2. And Christ with infinite intelligence, therefore, that each bishop cooperate

infinite sympathy, and with the rare in supplying this information to quogift of inspired human illustration, rum presidencies when approached.

elaborated the old ordinances and made The amount of tithing paid by each the art of citizenship something wholly quorum member should not be disdesirable and something practical. closed. This is confidential between

said affirm he, "can your "How,"you love seen YOUTH'S NEED FOR SPIRITUAL the bishop and the member. have not you of God whom

unless you love your brother, your GUIDANCE neighbor, your fellow citizen whom you have seen!"(Address delivered by Reed A. daily or in the business world, they can-

3. In Christ's mind the one finest idea of Benson during the recent quarterly not possibly cast aside the standards

citizenship Christian in lay the very the Stake. Bonneville conference of expect of the doctrines and Church and

helpful the of active and example Good is the son Elder Ezra Reed of Taft it just work. for succeed, won't to subtle Samaritan. with suggestion And the the Council Benson of of statement Mr. by made Another it clear that the he made of many Twelve. ) Babson: scholars religious leaders and (reread

ability great natural with the parable!) men side. the "Some other on by go of are youth confronted today 'T'he

feeling things. have Samaritan Others big means a The Good who A all is achieve It of with temptations. kinds practical of obligaspontaneous and ability don't accomplish great just as

lives time a spiritual the of us when tion. it! something must do about We difthe anything. makes of much What in people young must be priest's awakened is Levite's side of and one The religion. it I is of the ference? say power

possible. indifference. utter every are retimes Oftentimes very way The

I drifting are men, dozen a who know pious highly moral people and never sacrifice, quiring sacrifice, heroic but we getting not plugging along or along see practical the even Chrisneed of the as equal duties youth must to be our

I the If into put them could anywhere. tianity! call. their faith and place must our We I call this of which something 4. fine old phrase, power "For and The God in with and pure God, motives the from

is its as at citizenship religion, twice Country,"they ahead supreme would go heart alive ideal our keep honesty, of pinnacle. I fast. fast, not ten as times have even

integrity religion. to our and our first! 5. the the Savior Teach usegreat single find to able a and been boy—Christ

it is if gain the youth good What elder brother, Christ the Christ Then institution ful not been which had lose their the friend, truest whole souls? and Christ world the cornerAs religious intensely either an founded by

little the forget of stone Church. states: never But a poem father the praying son or of a by man citizen! the Christ

until are blind see we or mother."We 6. all. Yes, pupil first your for boy of God

in plan, the That human in chaotic are a Because somewhat we well, for pupil But your country as boy is Nothing the worth making safe right only the for condition road dwell, here here now, he he must must it If does not the man. make his his is build here he do work, must forget unsettled to the confollow to

cities these build glorious Why his here home, he must name make will that finding ditions something by If unbuilded goes, man his influence honorable power a and exphysically absorbing, mentally be In build unless the vain world we for good. spiritually hausting, awakening. and builder also grows. The 7. are boys! Don't back go on They folks will young be There some who that. Let a read statement to sees growing. Nature me made by They

are maturing. It is a strange new world Roger Babson: will say that they do not want to refraught with a multitude of confusing "But let me tell you, that the younger direct these urges, who cry out that they

challenges. And I feel it can be truthgeneration will need to have something want to live now, for the moment, and

itself. let with fully stated that looks the future of down care take There God estate, real than more permanent bank

sees in real his heart great he joy when satisfaction lasting or happican be no accounts, insurance, or even democracy. little our us over molds and working in following that reasoning. ness spiritual Unless a sane they founhave selfish to and ambitions trying reshape socalled that can reach never Youth dation licked."are they little personalerratic thoughtless and age, they crackpot think can they when are looking If youth perChrist, ities only toward likeness of the into the

fect citizen. their own material advancement, if they outgrow the Church.

8. Our very obligations to build for the are thinking only of getting ahead finanYou who risk the remorse of tomorcitizenship of tomorrow is an honor. row for tonight's thrill, why not try the

There is a thrill in the fact that as the kind of thrill that brings lasting joy inboy would say it, "It's up to us!"how the following organizations are stead of remorse, for there is no lastHelps for the Class Leader: training boys to take their place in the ing happiness except in goodness.

1. This lesson provides a splendid opworld as honorable citizens: Our religion is not a straight jacket

portunity for a full discussion of the A. The priesthood quorums making life burdensome. It is not like a

Church program for training boys to B. The Sunday School killjoy that banishes the romance and

be good citizens. Carefully analyze C. The Y.M.M.I.A. gladness out of life. It lays no restrain682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Teaching

fc-- * fcTftTfc "ftfc.fe. Iin ""**ia. **<<*<<+-4<***

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

ing hand upon anything that will contribute to happiness and the permanent is WARD TEACHERSrighteous of achievement man. There

no life that would not be made richer The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and and happier through it; no commendstrengthen them;

able endeavor that it does not encourAnd see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with age and sustain. each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

We the youth of today face the most And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the difficult period in our lives, and are members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

living in one of the most wicked periods in history. It is up to us to maintain our

standards and declare the truth, no matWard Jeack erd nieteaae forfor **LJecemicUJecember, 1944ter what happens.

In closing I would like to read a poem called "Be Strong.""GLORY TO GOD!N THE HIGHEST"

Be strong XTew dolls to tuck into tiny beds, new sleds, skates on shoes, toys of every

We are not here to play, to dream, to drift, "description, new clothes, a tree with lights and trimmings standing

We have work to do, and loads to lift proudly in a corner of the favorite room, delicious foods, candies, nuts,

Shun not the struggle, face it, 'tis God's gift. scores of both useful and useless gifts, loved ones coming home from far and

quite associate Christmas. have with These come to we have near—these strongBe celebration. are or the object minds of our the theme generally become Our not the days are evil, who's to blame,Say

for planning in preparation the event. meticulous and occupied for weeksAnd fold the hands, and acquiesce—oh celebrate? remembrance? do But what we hold in do we or whom What shame.

Stand up, speak out, and bravely in God's What transpired which is worthy to claim such universal attention?

name. Judging from the standards of our celebrations could it be suspected

birth tribute that to the thus boy, King of kings born of a and pay baby we strongBe this in fashion lords? that the birth thought honor of be Could Lord weIt matters not how deep intrenched the

life? that eternal might of meaningdied have him empty and weit who How wrong,

How hard the battle goes, the day how long. less are such gestures if they feature our celebration of the birth of the

Faint not—fight on—tomorrow comes the Redeemer of the world.

song. Poor misguided creatures are we if on Christmas day our voices do

in birth, that his at not mingle chorus which, heavenly to shouted "Glory this bless the youth of the Lord May in earth will highest, peace, the men."toward and on Impovergood God their maintain that theyChurch may souls all of are ished the rejoice Christmas on not and day days do men who

this spiritually in succeedstandards and life, birth, sacrifices for give the the thanks the atoning the and and of Son life, eternal happiness and have and are the Blind eyes see of perceive but not which the which do God. many

life in to theexaltation come. all his love of for evidences mankind. ears that the are hear but Deaf which

do not admit to the consciousness of man the words of life and salvation which have lived through the centuries since Mary bent over her baby boy

The N ew "wrappedThe realin swaddlingSanta Clausclothes."spirit in the home at Christmas time is not wrong.

Annual Report Theto rejoicejoy of withgivingonecannotanother.be denied.It is notIt is wronggood thatto weenjoygatherthe inbountiesfamily groupsof the

{Concluded from page 681) earth which God has provided for our blessing. But it is a serious error

if these attentions the of practices occupy whole our the spirit up and make tithepayer, part or is exemptpayer, it celebrations. could Surely of offensive our aught be but that to suppose

as to ( items 5, 6, and 7 ). Information in exhibitions could these any gratitude express to our way Heavenly

the amount of tithing paid should not Father for the birth of his Only Begotten Son.

be requested since this is confidential God gave to us his Son to be our Redeemer. Consider well his gift. It

between the bishop and the member. was the greatest within his power to give.

to coBishops been instructed have let In Latterday Saint every there giving this home be Christmas presidenciesoperate with quorum gifts always. as in season But let love, there be more of pure packed in unthis matter. feigned kindness, wrapped in sincere friendship, and tied with the strong

It that this assignment is realized comof fellowship. there Let cords of gratitude be prayers to for the birth God

late in the soing year may impose Christ inof boy, even our Lord. Jesus a baby soul Let every host be the to

presiconveniences quorum upon some spirit of the the Savior of world. and power every Let word, thought, and

all it thatdencies. is hoped However, in proclaim action the concert with hosts of heaven "Glory to the God in

this will assignacceptquorum officers will highest, peace, on earth and men."toward good

ment in the proper spirit and lose no time in getting the survey under way and in actively promoting it to a successful conclusion.

Stake Melchizedek Priesthood comGenealogy madeWethisnowachievementhave a completepossible.company

mittees are asked to supervise this {Concluded from page 668) of ordained ordinance workers in our work, keeping in close and frequent nances for the dead. More endowment stake who will be at the temple at least

contact with quorum presidencies so work was done by members than in once each week during the coming that this special assignment may be comany previous year. Full cooperation of season.—Reported by J. J. Bodine,

pleted and the annual report submitted the stake Sunday School board, and the chairman, Phoenix Stake Genealogical in full by January 1, 1945. stake presidency and high council has Committee.

NOVEMBER, 1944 683 TaBERSALT LAKE THE WEST"WITH OF THE THE "CROSSROADS FROM HEARD through radio network a nationwide and Organ over Choir nacle

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

By RICHARD L EVANS Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

at% to J4i$ \Jwvi cLabor /johnnu Ljoes to SchoolCver,i has youth of millions our of school to return annual labor?"The is attended by not that illustrious is theret*What less taken or routine, more oftrepeated now an become philosopher. ancient the truly spoke (Cicero.) Thus

the to become have accustomed so we Indeed, granted. for the that Lord scripture, does record, nor not doesHistory

is question, Johnny "What the to in answer that procedure, shalt thou days "Six said: he anyone when exceptedGod reply it sufficient to merely think these days?"doing we short, In 20:9.) (Exodus all work."thylabor, and do most It to occurs seldom school."is to going little that is "Johnny there all men, and of lot rightful is thehonest work

is going else Johnny why or anyone ourselves to ask us of according labor earnestly not those do tosatisfaction who there, or gets by is he learning when he or school, what to abilities. mental and physical their talents and theirto

end. And what directed, toward and are his studies well it whom may command, is Godgiven labor a to sinceAnd elsewhere, where that it remember startles us yet when we to right the for another to is beholden thatfollow man no compatible are not which are ideas other overbe not that must prevalent—ideas freedoms the is of one This

or life, freedom compatible with not of our with way the kind differ to as But men work. tolabor.looked—freedom individual or responsibility individual conscience—millions can do. Some able to are and to do want theyof work

school, some to and going what also are Johnnies other of others. Some for impossible be that would serviceperform have of them taught, what some and been have of them lines; can some the speak others can play; the writecan

for or to them not good be has taught, proved failed be to can walls; some the build others can blueprints; thedraw

is learning Learning not world. or our generation for our all If it substance. give others can design, and the create

it is if exdictated sense, by honest all, in real and at a world the Michelangelo, of a the works to do wantedmen agencies of controlled the truth, or than rather by pediency all If bread. art, no have exquisite and filled with bewould learning, twisted and propaganda. directed Warped a filled with be would world the buildings, build towanted present the of events off better be would Johnny to without—as music read, to no books have no structures, andempty further will yet prove. and proved past have immediate and to so, life. every man for And sustenance hear, no and

his own labor according to his wants and needs, his gifts Better that Johnny were left unschooled in some matters than and talents, his aspirations, and his physical and mental that he be misshapen by the positive ignorance of knowing equipment, and according to the needs of his own generation too much about things that aren't so. Adulterated truth is

—and let no man stay his hand. As any conscientious parent often more dangerous than honest ignorance. He who

would readily recognize as stupid and wasteful any atteaches the youth of any nation has one of the gravest of tempt in the schoolroom to hold back his able and industrious all responsibilities, because behind all the visible forces of child to the pace of the dull and indifferent student, so in this world, is the greater force of ideas and ideals, and to the daily pursuits of mankind, any influence which tends mislead men in mind or in spirit is perhaps an even greater abilities of men the of slowingdown deliberate the toward again, so physically. And them regiment to than wrong Unless wasteful. stupid and as recognized readily be may school, to is going that Johnny it to isn't enough know merely will best, his he to do encouraged is permitted and a man to going been have Johnnies of generations because whole him. lose with will world the himself, and within shrivel

One may well imagine what would be the result on the school in many lands for a long time, some of whom have battlefield if a soldier's performance were limited to what been taught truth and some of whom have had their minds might be expected from the more fearful, the less couragedeliberately warped to further the purposes of evil and ships conspiring men. The fact that it has happened means that ous, the less efficient!—if territory gained and enemy

this we and planes accounted for were restricted by prior arbitrary it can happen—and against such encroachment as

rule to the standards of the least willing or the less able! must ever be mindful and vigilant. We are grateful that

Any influence which deters any man from the constructive Johnny can go to school again this year. We are grateful

use of his full powers is damaging to human character and that truth may be taught in those schools to which our is enriched the for world progress, to human hindrance a teach those to reminder who give is and going, we Johnny all, whether of labors constructive total the of the sum by structure material city the or that a nations, all of the youth it matters both, of or hand, the of or the it mind of labor be false distorted rebuilt, by but mind a be country of a may (Ecgift of is the God."this labor; his in rejoice not. "To of end effect of which and the the is tragedy, teaching a to nothing gives "Life it is written: clesiastes 5:19.) For

which no man can know. man without labor."(Horace.) September 10, 1944. September 3, 1944.

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA brought two or three or more together in a common purpose, which to citations, its recognitions, its its credentials, issues J4ow U-orcMe am KLcjkt lA/ordd! is much there which is given, and for publicity, often much

conhonors highest the acclaim. From a much and have write or demand speak those that said who has Comeone the societies, from learned of exclusive the most ferred by is profoundly This time. in war responsibility grave and merit certificates of titles, simple to soughtafter time, most of clause limiting its without it true is also true—but recognitions another or form in one are commendation—all responsibility grave a have write or speak those who because or excellence, of degree of some another to one man from to come things judge If all times. at may we time, at and any action. or thought field of in some excellence, supposed public of deciding the precede which days during past, the by and citations of multiplicity variety and this all amid But generated be heat considerable expect issues, may we some notoriety, and fame of medals, and of awards honors, expect may words. illchosen of the Weto medium through of achievement is one there spurious, some genuine and little conwith seemingly their started on way to be rumors not happily, yet, and mentioned, distinction, seldom highest exfact. in may little substance with often science, We and world's little the of receives that distinction is It a rare. so of tearing down calling much of and names hear to much pect medal no perhaps for which and bad; or publicity, good broken see to expect many reputations. may We ever degree written, no ever citation no made, ever was longforgotten find to attempt in an into closetsskeletons—or,

it from take to has enables him who which but conferred, not are ones old where ones to some new make perhaps, his of approval the him greatest its life themattention from divert effort to In an found. enjoyment—gives to be of respect children, the of confidence the conscience, to own expected be records, may their many own selves and disis it high the short, friends. In of trust the neighbors, for elsewhere the blame lay others at and fingers point good called "a to be right the earned having of tinction hear to much expect errors. may deficiencies and We neighborinfluence of steadying is it the is who man."this all He while whooping. And wheedling, and whispering,

all nations of is backbone the communities. He and hoods comfort small it us give liking, some to our may not be may the while, and life worth it is makes endure. who that He time. our peculiar to not are things such that remember to see never he though may even worth world interest those saving—and to longfamiliar, which who is pattern a This

"a for being print good in lights or in his name But accustomed. state affairs of become have in man"—yet themselves

factor is the he decency; in live can people is reason the he the hope forgiven surely this, be one would notwithstanding

that possible; virtue that makes safe; property that makes wise and enough old become might have that now we

its all is, it despite weakas civilization good as has made fundamental issues basic and attention on to focus enough all to generation, and of our youth the so, to nesses. And and screen lost in the smoke becoming without principles,

in joy hearts, their in desire peace everywhere who men of the days pressure the face so, as barrage. we And

this give come, things to of we assurance the living, and only the counterclaims, their all claims and of with ahead, cleverness, than greater brilliance, greater than reminder: sit is with to back free can thing a do sane man safe and angles,"all the all and answers the "knowing than greater the record, observe at the look judgment, dispassionate

title wealth, than or glamor after than sought to be more act and wants he trends, decide what accordingly—and good man."called "a good right to is be the A acclaim, or frantic promise. late or repentance From misled not by be

besides; have things he may other all these have may man from phrase Job: to there a scriptures mind comes the

quality the citations, but and honors other received many arguing doth your right but are forcible words! what "How philosancient all. this the Of them transcends goodness of "right and hear words"6:25.) reprove?"we (Job When

all kinds there are goodness "In he said: when spoke opher "right been if the have words"to see record the look at

Alcestis.) (Euripides have of wisdom.""right then performance,"the may with we coupled September 24, 1944. also page 725.) {See to all would to which who proceed. And on some basis

shape the thinking or direct the action of other men, let it Copyright. 1944.

ft be solemnly repeated, that he who speaks or writes, any time, on any subject, has a grave responsibility, and a sacred obligation to confine himself wholly to truth.

September 17, 1944.

(citation for at Ljood 'T'he institutions of men confer an infinite variety of honors, titles, degrees, and awards of one kind or another.

Almost every organization of any description that has

NOVEMBER, 1944 Moves WWwnlsP''jiillirwWlWWWWWWWWW!!>r>"f!r

from the fast offerings of the Church.

also Tahiti to 1934. 1930 from has HeCoordinators in property February acquired was The

filled in stake the missions Bear two Street, 1942, the located home, B. the Council and of on Harold"Clder Lee B

his the of Stake. River appointtime At L/ since the then has remodeled been by the is of of the chairman Twelve serving stake as he mission ment was priesthood auxiliary orquorums and Service committee which Men'sL.D.S. secretary. ganizations the of ward. Approximately of spiritual for apthe cares needsnow will to the Islands him Accompanying thirtyseven one individuals hundred eighty thousand membersproximately his wife, be Ruth Maughan Emma total hours. have a of 4,677 worked into the Togone haveof the Church who their children. Mitchell three small and five the has apartday home is tworoom assisted their countries.service of He

by Elder Mark E. Petersen of the CounTabernacle Choir ments, a caretaker's apartment, and a

It large reception room. dedicatedcil was H. the Elder of John and Twelve Salt the singing of TaberLake,rpHE 10, September Langlois, R. by David First the of of Sevthe CouncilTaylor integrated nacle with been has Choir director during of ward work the is this much committeeenty. with Working picture a department motion U.S. war renovation. is B.Coordinator Brown, who Hugh Italian highlights the of showing camdi- Britishpresident Mission, of the and

paign. Organized Ward the inrecting the England, and work technicians the of group Heading who the Seattle Renton of HThe Riley assistant coordinators: Wardfollowing

City, 13 to Salt to make July came Lake has Stake the organized been D.C., from of whose Washington,A. Gwynn Tiomkin, Dmitri the recordings was former Branch, is States Renton with Alfred L. thearea England from New lyrics the music and composed who Rosenhall sustained as bishop. Virginia; includingsouth and Wal- W. lyrics writused. were which were Thelace CaroColumbia, South of McBride neutral in the represent to Latin ten Wilshire Nursery Wardlina, Carolina; Orval South North and J. viewpoint.

of western Texas,Ellsworth Lubbock, T17ilshire Stake, Los Angeles Ward, Choir conductor Spencer Cornwall v * eastern Mexico; WilandTexas New School nursery Sunday has a to listen to ear overJ. one earphone an wore California,lard Diego, L. of Kimball San tiny for tots the care of parents wishing for timing directions splitsecond to exception California with thesouthern to attend School. Sunday Doris Mae reduring the booth given sound from

allof of Angeles, Arizona; and Los recent W. Huck, convert a the to Church, the cording. Asper Dr. Frank was W. CaliforStockton, ofAird Macdonald offered services in her starting the nursorganist.

nia, California, to north Tulare, from after ery noticing that either parents

Medford, Oregon; Harry Clarke of Salt Ernest S. Horsley Dies had to bring their children to classes or

Lake City, Wyoming, Colorado, Ne- "Earnest Samuel Horsley, friend, stay home to care for them. Miss Huck

braska, and western Iowa; John Long- '*""'counselor, Church and civil servant, sterilizes the nursery equipment before

den of Salt Lake City, Utah and Nevaand pioneer of Price, Utah, died Sepuse each week.

da; James R. Boone of Jacksonville, tember 3, in his eightyfourth year. He

Florida, southern states; Clifford L. was patriarch of the Carbon Stake, a Northwestern States Mission

Nielsen, Los Angeles, California, Los position he had held for thirtytwo Camuel E. Bringhurst of Murray,

fromAngeles and Beach to Long v Camp years. of appointed Tottenham, MidUtah, was in midAugust A native

Lt. Neslen, Col.Roberts; C. Clarence president with as of emigrated dlesex, England, he had the Northwestern States

northwest area; Castle H. Murphy, his parents in 1877, and had returned to Mission by the First Presidency. He

president of the Hawaiian Mission, the his native land in 1893 and again in succeeds President Desla S. Bennion

Pacific area. 1909 to do missionary work. Besides who has served at the Portland, Oregon,

These areas may be broken up and having served a nearthird of a century supervisors appointed by the coordias patriarch he had been active in nators to assist them in given districts. M.I.A. and priesthood quorums and had

served—Reportedas bishop forbyoverJessietwelveHoldaway.years.

Dedications HPhe Mayfield Ward chapel of the * Gunnison Stake has been dedicated by Elder Marion G. Romney, assistant

to the Twelve.

The Utahn Branch of the Duchesne

Stake chapel was dedicated June 24 by

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve.

The mission home of the Western

Canadian Mission at Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, was dedicated August DESLA BENNION SAMUEL E. BRINGHURST

19, by Elder Oscar A. Kirkham of the

First Council of the Seventy. headquarters for two and onehalf

return to his Spoand now will of years, chapel of the Leedale Branch The kane, Washington, home. ERNEST C. R0SS1TER EDGAR B. MITCHELL the Mission Western Canadian was dedfilled Bringhurst President a mission 21, A. August Oscar by ElderTahitian Mission President icated in 1912. Switzerland between 1909 and First of the Council of the Kirkham

stake pj"DGAR Sunday School MlTCHELL, Jr., BENTLEY He is a former of Seventy. A-*'bishsuperintendent, high councilman, aphas been Tremonton, Utah,

pointed to preside over the Tahitian The "B Street Home"op's counselor, bishop, and stake presiMission by the First Presidency. He Couth Eighteenth Ward members, dent.

will succeed President Ernest C. RosEnsign Stake, have opened a home Mrs. Bringhurst will accompany him

siter. for the widows of the ward who are to preside over women's activities in the

President Mitchell filled a mission in now being supported wholly or in part mission field.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

starting the second line together. In the last ing three quarter notes, each of which is

measure of the first line slow the speed of smaller than the beat note. Proper subthe second beat so that it will be possible division of the beats is the key to launching

for the singers to take a breath after the this hymn successfully as a congregational first half of the second beat beat, theWard Music Guild wordbe started"unexpressed."together onOnlythe wordthat way"the"canoftheythe hymn.as the preliminaryUse the half and second

Second Session next line. of this beat for the first quarter note. Divide

( November ficultyUse foundthe samein hymnway No.of correcting32. the difthenotes.upbeatMarkequallythe forspeedthe ofnextthetwohalfquarternote

By Getrit de Jong, Jr. In No. 118, "For the Strength of the (which is the beat note) with the first two

Dean of the College of Fine Arts, Hills"(Stephens), the difficulty comes in beats of the first full measure. Divide the

Bvigham Young University, trying to keep the singers together in the second and third beats as at the beginning in this the fermata phrase. measure should baton succeeding At the and in any measand Member of the General final

left its to the across ures half to necessary path where stop hold the singers way Music Committee together. beat. half other the the during second With

A17e hope that your ward music guild of this beat indicate the eighth note for the In No. 88 of the Sunday School Song

111,"will "next "our."quarternote be Book, difficulty the "Nay, Speak word The No organizational successful a had

is in right, third to the the indicated changing beat one from signature measure by last thatsession a result as month, and to the other retarded. should upsetting the Divide without patbeat be somewhat which the inall with those any work way who tern. to the into indicate parts four the upbeat the example: of the For end At

music activities of the ward thoroughly notes of the alto part, retarded sufficiently ond line of this song, the upbeat of the seclast understand the contribution to be made to make the singing of these notes easy. measure must be divided so as to act as the

by their part of the ward music proHolding up the left hand at the same time performing part beat for the first eighth note gram. If there is any unfinished busiwill help to indicate that the other parts of the third line. Getting back to the four

ness in respect to organization or assignshould be sustained. pattern for the last two measures of the

ments, now is the time to dispose of that. Beating time for the first two measures song is simple if one observes the note

first lines of the of "Come, two Ye values. Come shall session guild In this month's we

difficulty. In gives 194, usually Saints,"(S.S.S.), Kindly "Lead, No. 220 No. frequently useddiscuss of our some

first difficulty find of similar the the Light,"measures that meter to a of two we Change difficulties of present thathymns first line eighth the the to disone of the of 421 L.D.S. making by No. Book, 4/4 Hymn

chorister. the for another orkind The into the a dotted "Saints"cussed above. the pattern over Follow note word given

organist is as interested in this topic quarter and the dotted note over the word for "God of Our Fathers"for the first three as the chorister, for, unless the organist "fear"into a half note. Make similar changes notes; divide the first downbeat unequally

understands what the chorister means in the second line at "you"and "-pear."to indicate the time value of the sixteenth

by the particular beat pattern and gyraUse the beat pattern of four in these four note. Make this movement slightly to the

tions he uses, the chorister and organist measures, and of three for the remainder of left after the down movement. Divide the

in the Book. to the with written second beat right as movements the song and Hymn the so that be together,cannot possibly

third the also the fermata the second with properly beat on Observe movements upward will and get confusedcongregation line. the last for the four notes second of eighth the of the measure over beat words

chaos result. Sometimes it is advisable to divide the third "mid th'encircling,"At the word "gloom"

The following hymns have been or upbeat of the third line with the word establish the speed of the quarter note, the taken from among those suggested by "'Tis,"to launch the singers well on this beat note.

members of classes for choristers line.

held the last few years, and are in No. 290, "I Know That My Redeemer

, effectivesung cannot be (Edwards) Lives"that therefore, theall probability, hymns Choir Oakland Ward rhythmically. overcome written ly as To difficulties to offer ourgenerally Church

first this of sound part the choir of having hymn Oakland Oakland Ward, TThe ) the indicate usmusicians. Let 1 in the notes the fermatas over hurried, add fifty * Stake, than has members. more difficulty, thespecific ( remedy and (2) first the "lives"of first at the line words Director Ethel gives espeLind Mauss case. in useful each to most befound phrase. the of second "gives"phrase and first, cial interattention to the musical theIf for overcoming devices other in any indicated to used be fermatas (These pretation choir anthems; of second, anddifficulties this are any to of discussed heavy editions earlier known by hymn

members of the guild, they should also lines.) to the words which are sung, so that

be considered at this time. In No. 395, "O My Father"(arranged by their meaning may be effectively and

Stephens), the difficulty is the determination sympathetically rendered for the conDiscussion of Hymns of a successful beat pattern. When this gregation.

In No. 13, "The Happy Day Has Rolled hymn is used as a congregational number, This choir enjoys singing some of the

On"(Beesley), the difficulty is in starting it is best to use a combination of the twelve choruses from Handel's "The Messiah,"the beginnings patterns. first beat the four For half of thethe and song. upward Use is at preparing a present present and to

is likely to there be turn phrases, beat, of where preliminary then the asmovement festival. a music pattern, twelve lag, the to circular use tendency inthe upward an around baton

is effective usual organizaamong As the the use other measures of for part the indicate most performing andmotion and tions, this choir is well provided with pattern. the to four beat careful time next beat. theof Be

so that it will indicate the time of the half No. 421, "God of Our Fathers"(Woodthe necessary officers. Fredone Nielson

note, which is the beat note. bury), begins with a part measure containand Rebecca Nethercott are organists;

In No. 29, "Prayer is the Soul's Sincere Easton Willey is president, and Vida

Desire"(Careless), there is often trouble in OAKLAND WARD CHOiR McBride, secretary. A. Schreiner.

.NOVEMBER, 1944 687

were for or against him. Since his youth, there has

never been a time when he has knowingly refused to look facts in the face, and call things what they were Editorials—even when men less strong, less honest, perhaps, at

least less frank, would have hushed and passed by.

These characteristics, too rare, and altogether priceless, have won for him some criticism at times, as would be floti,ice expected, but great respect; and much of love, from

November 28 next marks the 75th anniversary honest and sincere men. The unrepentant sinner and

of the organization by President Brigham the man of questionable motives, never could, and

Young of the Young Women's Mutual Improvewould not now, feel comfortable in his presence. A

ment Association. The association is making of man of honor and sincerity, of whatever station in life,

this anniversary a Diamond Jubilee, and has prewould find confidence and refreshment of soul in his pared special programs to celebrate the occasion. presence.

They are asking that on November 26 next Except for its first nine years of settlement, President they be permitted to use for their special services Grant has lived all the years of the development of the that part of the sacrament meeting which is not inland west. Every town, almost every house and buildconsumed in the opening exercises and the ading, every industry, every road, almost every root and

ministration of the sacrament. The First Presibranch, has seen its beginning, or grown to maturity,

dency has approved this program. since he came upon the scene. Of this activity he has

part, not by virtue of position only, but by virtue We ask the bishoprics of the various wards of a large the Church to give the association the opportunity of a vigorous personality and a great capacity that they desire, and request them to cooperate with reached out into everything that vitally touched human the association in making this occasion one worthy lives. And now, as the years are counted, he may be said

of its significance. to be old, but one who sees beyond his time is never

We congratulate the Young Women in their old; and one who lives in the realm of realities that

successful efforts in carrying out the original purnever die, is never old.

poses of this worthy organization. President Grant, the "Rock of Zion,"is a symbol not

age, strength, of his but both to to and own people Heber J. Grant lives for verities. eternal and he with May ofothers—for Reuben blessed, Clark, Jr. his us, preserve be days and unto as may God O. J.David McKay his long as are thereby, purposes the abiding served

October 14, 1944 The First Presidency strength of spirit that belongs to this man who is honored and loved of men even as he is honored and loved

Jhe /\ock of Z—Icon by his Father in heaven.- R, L. E. 1869—diamond Jubilee—1944 HPhis title suggested by Kent Kane's cover photograph

"( see cover note, page 642 ) is strongly befitting the \17hen seventyfive years ago, on November 28, 1869, ** visioned President the Brigham work for Young Grant. subject of this Heber J. writing—President

inspiration received of the Church, he young women himself, the for to bespeak the occasion Permitting him we quote from his opening address at the recent general that has borne rich fruits in the lives of those who have conference: benefited from the association. Begun with seven memIn another six or seven weeks, the Lord being willing, I shall bers, the membership has now extended to an enrollbegin the eightyninth year of my life; and shall have comment of over 65,000 in the wards and branches of the

pleted sixtytwo years since I became one of the apostles; Church. The activities include religious lessons as well

and shall have served twentysix years as president of the as spiritualized recreation through the four cultural

Church. In all this, and in much else, the Lord has blessed me arts: speech, drama, dancing, and music.

richly.... Congratulations are due the officers and teachers of

Since then, November, the anniversary month, has the great young women's association for their unceasing come, and we are yet that much closer to those events, activity in calling into constructive participation the the arrival of which he anticipated, "the Lord being thousands of young women whose lives have been willing."shaped in accordance with the vision of President

The twentysecond of this month is the eightyeighth Young. Along with these congratulations must also go

anniversary of his birth, and the twentythird marks the the challenge that must not be unanswered: Where are

twentysixth anniversary of his presidency of the the thousands of others who should be in weekly atChurch. tendance at our Mutual meetings? By recalling the

President Grant is, in truth, the "Rock of Zion."His vision that initiated the work in 1869, we can refeet are planted upon the immovable foundations of double our determination that not one of the daughtruth. His house has been builded on the solid substance ters of Zion shall be allowed to lose her birthright

of unshifting principles, and when the rains have dethrough any negligence on our part as leaders in the scended and the floods have come and the winds have great Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associaraged, his house, thus built, has stood. tion. Ours is the privilege of seeking the inactive and

The years have wrought changes in his physical stirring in them a desire to affiliate with others, that structure, as they do in all men, but the inroads of time together they may strengthen their joy in testimony.

upon the flesh have but enhanced spiritual fineness and This testimony will make them enjoy their lives more perception, and have ever strengthened faith. There completely, for a knowledge of this gospel will reach

has been no yielding where principles and realities of into every waking minute of their lives and give them time or eternity were concerned. His spirit, his real the power to live more abundantly.

strength, the winds have not eroded. We know the temptations which confront our young

Since President Grant's youth there has never been people in 1944, but we know also the force of our a time when he wouldn't look a man in the eye and gospel, and knowing this power, we must in this year appraise him and his motives—and that in language of jubilee resolve that each girl in our Church will be

in which there was no double meaning. Since his given the opportunity for activity which will give her

:. youth, there has never been a time when he would the strength to rise victorious over every difficulty

yield a fight principle, no matter who or how many which may come her way. M. C. J.

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Astrology plays, however, as it has always done, upon the desire of people to look into the future. With

the promise of such foretelling it has ensnared many, Evidences and high and low. Fortunetelling is today its chief bid for

support. In every life are questions concerning tomorrow. Does she love me? Shall I succeed in the reconciliations enterprise? Or, where is the ring I lost yesterday? The

army of charlatans, including astrologers, live by forcing people into the belief that safe answers to such questions txxxvl. Jri Afdtwioau a Science f may be obtained. Should astrology give up its prophetic

function, it would meet an early death.

A strology is not a science. At the best it is a pseudoTo befuddle the ignorant and superstitious, a so-

r"* science or false science. It is dangerous because it called horoscope is set up for each person. The planet

seems profound, but rests on unproved claims, which that is in the "ascendancy"at the moment of birth are in opposition to our best knowledge. Besides, it forever directs the events of that personal life. As far

mixes hopelessly fact and fancy, thus deceiving the unas the individual is concerned, his life consists of a informed. succession of clashes or harmonies among the ruling

Astrology declares, somewhat impudently, that it is planets and other heavenly bodies. Therefore, the posibased on the wellsubstantiated doctrine that all things tion, of course, of that planet must be continually folin the universe, stars, planets, and men, attract one lowed.

another. The nearer they are, the stronger the attracTo accomplish this, horoscopes are cast. A horoscope

tion; the farther removed, the smaller the attraction. is not a fearsome thing in which lurks the future of the

That is Newton's law of gravitation, which is supported victims to be revealed by the astrologer for a fee by numerous longcontinued, carefully checked obalways for a fee! A horoscope is simply the celestial

servations. globe divided by great circles into twelve sections called

Having made that bow to truth, astrology leaves all "houses"; the points of intersection of their boundaries

sound science. It asserts that not only do universal with the ecliptic are the twelve "cusps."If the exact

bodies attract one another, but that the course of intime and place of birth are known, by the simple use dividual human lives, the acts of men, and the events of of astronomical, not astrological, tables, the positions their years, are the effects of the heavenly bodies, of the planets in these "houses,"at that moment and concentrated at the time of birth. That is, men are but place may be determined.

pawns of universal forces. They are cast here and The fearsome thing about a horoscope is that without

there, in this or that event, by outside powers, pracrational authority, the planets and "houses"have been tically beyond human control. This is a near denial of given significance. For example, the planet Venus

the existence and free operation of the human will. It signifies musicians, painters, artists, etc., while poor

is the doctrine of predestination. Saturn signifies old men, miners, laborers, etc. And,

Such a principle is in full opposition to gospel truth, the third "house"means, to a person, short journeys, which teaches that the underlying cause of all human relatives, contracts, communications; while roads, conaction is the operation of man's free agency, of his tracts, neighbors are its "mundane"meaning. All of

indestructible will. Though a man may have been forewhich makes no sense, and has no foundation in fact

ordained in the preexistent life to certain labors on and truth. There lingers the feeling that the whole mass

earth, he retains the right of the free agent to accept or of confusion is derived from the supposed characterisreject the commission during his earth life. Astrology, tics of the mythological Greek gods, which have given

by its basic principles, makes of humanity a community their names to the planets. And, let it not be forgotten

of slaves. that a horoscope may be read only for a fee. The stars

Moreover, the direction of human lives by sun, moon, must feed their clever guessers. "The horoscope remains as the the ages not Through been proved. has and planets 1 blue ribbon exhibit of the misuse of intelligence."has not succeeded men, it deceived has astrology that

in presenting acceptable proof of this basic assertion. Astrologers, themselves, have at times been forced to

Eminent professors of astrology, to whom test cases acknowledge that astrology has little claim to such have been given, with moments and places of birth of power. Many have admitted that the foretelling part of

men, have never been able to recount even the important astrology is only shrewd guessing. Raphael, whose

events of the lives submitted, much less the numerous Ephemetis is commonly used, and, in his day, the most minor happenings which make up life. The socalled popular of astrologers, wrote in 1901

their confine astrology of seem to bureaus""research difficult part least understood most and of astrology The great persons of appear attention to renown. They the directional, calculation the or events. of future There

the for example, fearful of large numbers; many directions, directions, who isare zodiacal direcsecondary mundane

in a given locality were born at about the same time. tions, progressed cusps, revolutional figures, eclipses, new

The reports of these bureaus sound much like the splashmoons, etc., etc., until, in short, if they were calculated in

ing of a drowning man for life. The whole doctrine is detail, there would be at least an important influence every

the child of ignorant, superstitious, and uninformed ages. week on the average. The stern facts of life do not bear out

Even then astrology is not content. It offers to presuch copious influences, and it is practically a waste of time

to primaries, called, the they as out are work not more when in planets, events the coming positions of the dict, from will I to ten coincide found than event. percent the be with truthless, ruthless, it the enters that act lives. By human

I regret that the to opinion often adhere expressed, must so science. occult field of fortunetelling and destructive is directions that of systems correct, of our which none are

history its folly. best, so human of height is the At This in that the taught but as secondary nearer comes my key,

at, only be guessed acts future the teaches, may of man it is, the truth deficient sadly unreliable. any, yet than and

upon the basis of past experience. Man may, by the I do not take the planets as symbols, but as forces, producing

exercise of his will, change, modify, or destroy the or causing the events that occur during our pilgrimage on expected event of tomorrow. The future is in the Lord's this earth. The true key to astrology was lost centuries ago,

has found. yet not been and living in obedience control only keeping. can by We

is of the it is deficient, zodiac sadly knowledge Our and as inquiry divine law. was made immutable to itWhen

this deficiency that failures. causes (Raphael's so many the that even not the answer coming, Christ's came to

for to last 1901, Ephemeris, page.) next power, prophetic claimed in know. angels heaven The {Concluded 735) on page

is doctrine. to astrologers, gospel contrary 1Jastrow, 7 p. Story Error, The of by Human

NOVEMBER, 1944 689 milksick."The little settlement on

Pigeon Creek was almost wiped out of existence. The foster parents of the

the boy's family mother followed had t -'*- n*- -'te-- 1fc-- *-'-'* '*-''B- JhAjfcAji MuaMJ cabin to Pigeon built a near and Creek them. They both took the "milksick"

and both died early in October.

The boy's mother had nursed them.

She now fell ill and died a few days ONE later.

The father made coffins of green lumber for all three, and they were forest. in in the buried a clearing BOYHOOD &'i for his mother, grieving boy, The

not she a because worried had had later funeral. proper he few months A orndon Kolladat after up, boy, didn't he grew settlement to traveled neighboring a

earlyThe the about remember much itinerant that he heard an where had years in Kentucky. seven was He holdElkin preacher named David was his state that father that decided when to services. Elkin ing persuaded go He civilized for too becoming a poor was over to sermon preach with him a back father rich of land man. heard had The grave. the snowcovered

in Indiana, County, Perry which was is a that grave marked by Today built for to occupy. anyone a open He inscription: this with stone

raft kit his carpenter's tools of with and started out to locate a new home for the Nancy Hanks Lincoln, mother of Presifamily. dent Lincoln, died October 5th, A.D. 1818,

The raft capsized in an Ohio River aged 35 years. Erected by a friend of her

rapid. The father managed to save the martyred son, 1879.

tools and continued his journey. He

found a spot he liked in the dense Indiana forest and started back to Kentucky on foot to get his wife and children. re's How He borrowed two horses from a

neighbor to carry the household goods the the to mother home. and The new Helpful Ironing Hints on

it left that for years of a couple was possesfamily children walked. The gives that starch "spotty"prevent To floor, or without doors windows. consisted sions of than not more much or unsightly scorched an smear you pans. pots bedding and and a few some soluspot, that starch sure your make in patch the corn worked boy HPhe this deunimportant an However, was

is free tion possible as as hot from and full forest of hunted. * and was The tail. father's build tools would The there prepared are lumps. some And kind. of could every always game He his for furniture the and home new

it that starches a to get easy make get deer in of hours a a couple by rifle family. the for food provide

solution. get lumpfree smooth a So in there glade watching a nearby where little reached expedition the When solution starch you'll hot and you when furlicks. father deer were had The last for the Indiana, hired a he wagon able the forever to to be goodbye say threelegged the cabin a with few trip, the cut to of then a nished part and had chief spots of starch cause scorched stools, poles table a a of and bed made it forest virgin to for the through road smears. and in of logs the stuck corner one between Litsite near selected the he had home * * *

tle Pigeon Creek. the room. The boy slept on a pile of

Here they all happily set to work to leaves in the loft which he reached by Here's a tip for easier ironing:

climbing pegs driven into the wall. sprinkle your starched pieces lightly build a "halffaced camp"-—that is, a

shed with three sides and a roof but The family was happy and prosperand evenly and turn them rightside-out open in front. They lived in this shack ing when tragedy struck. There was to iron. This rightside ironing gives a

for a.year while the father and the boy always a great deal of sickness among professional finish, and you'll find that

cleared ground for a corn patch and settlers in the Indiana forests, chiefly cottons actually take on a mercerized built a rough cabin. They moved into malaria. In 1818 came a terrible pestiappearance.- Dark things, however,

the cabin before it was completed, and lence which has never been certainly should be ironed on the wrong side to it seemed so luxurious after the shack identified—the natives called it "the prevent the starch from showing.

HUNTERFAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES-.tamtalk GRAHAM

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner

Josephine B. Nichols

FROM GRANDMOTHER'S KITCHEN TO YOURS (A few of her favorite recipes)

Baked Ham and the Trimmings TKOCO MARGAMAfel 9 to 12 pound ham 1 cup brown sugar 2 teaspoons mustard Yi teaspoon cinnamon BREAD STUFFING: (for 12 -lb. bird)

vinegar 9 cups dayold breadcrumbs, Yt whole cloves cup minced onion, 1 tblsp. powWipe ham with damp cloth. Make a dered sage,2tsps.salt,l tsp. thyme,

paste of sugar, mustard, cinnamon, and pepper to taste. Mixall ingredients,

vinegar. Spread paste over ham and stud then add 1 cup melted Durkee's

with whole cloves. Place fat side up on a Troco Margarine.

inrack an pan. open not cover Do and DURKEE'S MARGARINE is grand for TROCO 300 not water.do at add Bake F. twenty

Dressing Turkeyto twentyfive to the minutes pound. Serve

with sweet pickled watermelon, glazed sweet * Basting Turkeys potatoes, and asparagus or string beans. * Seasoning Vegetables

Making Cakes Chicken Shortcake Waffles Hard Sauce oils are nutritious pure, vegetable The 2 flour cups u2Sco pasright the fresh, churned in with teaspoons 3 baking powder ULE0MABGARIN1 p teurized milk. Durkee's Troco skim 2 tablespoons sugar perfectly blendMargarine is smooth, 1 salt teaspoon

2 eggs ed, and every pound is enriched with 14 cups milk 9,000 units of Vitamin A.

6 tablespoons melted shortening hot chicken slices Improves all foods... IN them and ON them.

2 cups cream sauce stuffed olives Mix and sift dry ingredients; add beaten

eggs, milk, and shortening. Beat thoroughly. Bake in hot waffle iron.

Arrange slices of hot chicken on each waffle. Pour over hot, wellseasoned cream

sauce. Garnish each serving with stuffed

olive rings. The Winter

Dinner Rolls

1 cup milk 2 tablespoons sugar Milk Supply 1 teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons melted shortening 1 cake yeast 3 cups sifted flour JLtXOTHERS are wondering if there 1 egg Scald milk; add sugar, salt, and shortenwill be Irradiated Sego Milk for babies during. Cool to lukewarm. Crumble in yeast ing the winter when milk production is low.

and stir until dissolved. Add \Yi cups flour

stiffly beat until smooth.and beaten Add We have made provision for that by alloflour. of remainderegg white and Knead

lightly. Place in wellgreased bowl. Cover cating shipments during the summer so that

and let rise in warm place, until double in there will be as much milk available this bulk, hours. into small about Shape \y2

rolls. let winter as there was last summer. Place in greased pans, cover, and

rise until light, about 40 minutes. Brush

with egg yolk which has been mixed with More Irradiated Sego Milk is being proone tablespoon milk. Bake in hot oven, 450"duced than ever before. The government

F about ten minutes. Makes two dozen. needs large quantities, and that need must

Cardinal Salad be met. Next to that we want the babies'

1 pkg. lemon gelatin needs to be supplied.

cups boiling water cup beet juice 2 tablespoons vinegar Segd Milk Products Company salt 1 teaspoon

J/j% tablespooncup celery, oniondiced juice Originatorin the Intermountainof EvaporatedWestMilk 1 cup cooked beets, diced Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Add Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

{Concluded on page 692) NOVEMBER, 1944 691 (Concluded from page 691) beet juice, salt, vinegar, and onion juice.

Chill. When slightly thickened, add celery

and beets. Chill until firm, and then unmold mm%\K on a lettuce leaf. Garnish with mayonnaise.

Hot Gingerbread Ring with Applesauce

sugar cup ViHl cup shortening egg cups sifted flour i cup sifted whole wheat flour l teaspoon soda l teaspoon cinnamon teaspoon ginger teaspoon salt cup mild molasses cup hot water Cream shortening; add sugar. Add egg

and beat well. Sift dry ingredients together.

Combine molasses with the hot water. Add

dry ingredients to first mixture alternately with liquid. Pour into heavily greased nineinch mold. Bake in moderate oven, 350 F.,

for fortyfive minutes.

Turn out on hot serving platter and fill center with applesauce.

(Old English) Hot Spiced Cider

1 gallon sweet cider 1 Yi pounds brown sugar 6 twoinch pieces cinnamon 1 tablespoon whole cloves 1 tablespoon whole allspice Yl teaspoon salt Mix in the order given and bring to the boiling point. Boil fifteen minutes and

strain. Serve hot.

Oft 4* Paricutin &>foi&$ (Concluded from page 673) one short year, has caused such destrucThis curious charaaer isn't any one you know. It certainly isn't tion.

any one we know. In fact we don't believe the man exists

Since I visited the volcano in February who wouldn't prefer a crisp, white shirt to one that of this year, the village of San Juan looks dingy and gray. hasthousandsbeen coverednow are byhomeless.molten lava and

have from Paricutin eruptions The But we have known women who acted as though their husbands now and but continuous, slow been couldn't tell the difference. Not deliberately, mind you! after a year and nine months, recent

They just didn't know how to get all the dirt out of newspaperthat the eruptionsreportsfromfromParicutinMexico havesay molten and that in violence increased shirts—or any badly soiled garment. five village another lava has covered

itself. volcano the distant from We get to know these women because a lot of them write to miles to what as agree not Scientists do

us—when they try FelsNaptha Soap. They say this mild, causes volcanos. Some say that the inmolten with is formed earth of the golden soap, blended with naptha, makes side earth's the crust of that the material and

washing quicker and easier. That it gets surface is but thirty miles deep and that

things sweeter and cleaner. They say whereversurface, greatthis moltendangerlavaexistscomesandtovolthe

they'll never use anything else. canos are born. Indeed, some contend

that volcanic formations exist from the western part the Islands down just like Aleutian the These women are housekeepers—However, Andes. to the of America

you. So we're passing the tip along. Mexican farmer, on whose property the

volcano was born, said that he was sure there was "a witch under the ground,"and after witnessing the spectacular eruptions of this newborn Mexican volcano at night time, one is almost inFELS-NAPTHA SOALbanishesTattleTale Gray"andclineddiscreditto believethe theorythe Mexicanof science.farmer

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PET PEEVE (Concluded from page 672) rest of us with something he calls a jangled discordantly from the back hall, musical horn. I thought he was a peeve

and Ellen was thankful for Ted's noisithen, but I don't think so now. Why,

ness. But her relief was momentary, for a kid brother, especially a natural warty

almost immediately she recognized the kid brother, helps one appreciate his same tormenting chant he had played home life. He's symbolical, somehow,

before Shank's arrival. Then she knew of American freedom, where children

sheer panic as he drew nearer, humming are children, especially in our American with a taunting "Tumde-tumde- home life."He halted suddenly, earnest

tum-m-m."eyes embarrassed all at once at the inner

"My pet peeve,"she murmured feeling revealed.

apologetically. "The little brother."Ellen, somehow, felt very childish

"Aren't they all?"In wonder she and petty just then. "Oh, Ted,"she

noticed Shank was laughing in deep apcalled out with a little rush of tenderness preciative chuckles. flooding her throat as she understood a

"All what?"She knew it sounded little of what Shank was trying to say. Buy several brands. Open each can

stupid. Somehow, he made many little things wide. Check the color. Note Morning

"All pet peeves!"He grinned in Ted's seem unimportant and some little things Milk's appetizing, natural color.

direction. "Sounds good to me. Reseem very important.

minds me of home. My kid brother goes "Ted!"she called again. "Are you

around tormenting the life out of the ready for me to get your soup now?"

BOOKS "- "O'-O-vS (Concluded from page 648) The book, therefore, has many facets of with some incident which, even in these interest: biography, travel, history, and,

dark days, reveals that God has not forabove all, good common sense, all characterit to the thoughtful istics recommend which children, his even or forsaken whengotten rich texture. See Compare how creamy C. /. inreader. to forgotten M. temporarily havethey may

it use Milk is! Morning Thousands

their reckoning. include him just like cream.

to afford is that can OF MEMORY SHAPE one no a book This THE and Co., Holt Henry Welles. (Winifredmiss reading.—M. C. /.

$2.00.) pages. 1944. 89 York. New

IN STATE ANDCHURCH Benet Rose William foreword by a WithEDUCATION Louis Townintroduction by an and of University Bower. Clayton (William postpoetry, of Nicholl, this book send

pages. $1.00.) Press. 101Chicago characthe takes published, on humously

education, with for In argument memorial. splendid truly teristics of aAN are public Welles'poems suggested of Miss a fortytwo A. W. religiouspolicy.—J.

to something has one each all,printed—and

various the of in each readers offer the JUDGMENT UNCONSIDEREDMY (Noel F. Busch. Houghton, Mifflin & Co., moods in which they may find themselves at

Boston. 1944. 196 pages. $2.00.) different times. Miss Welles'ability makes

reader to the experience this a real volume just taste each milk Then editor of senior author, Life MagaThe rich the through talk to will let him her as the can. it comes from who colorful the and a for zine, eye an has

/. this C. in volume. M. varied poems taste and the Yes, can you this combination clever; the for tongue

difference. Morning Milk some for delightful makes reading—and OF LIQUIDATION WAR flavor. a finer has is THE for the basis book thinking. The barbed PRODUCTION from took Busch Mr. which journey the Hill. Kaplan. McGraw H. D. (A. Aires, Capetown, to Buenos YorkNew $1.50.) pages. 133 to Dublin, lUtah'sOwn and Tunis, London, New Cairo,

for committee the of study RESEARCH of journey by was again. way The York finerflavored of facts Full development. economic the and leading the men to introduction an A question. live this concerning opinions in and prevail conditions which predominant

the countries which the author visited. J. A. W. MORNING MILK

I NEVER WORRY WHY (Concluded from page 646) should turn their entire insurance acissuedSCARCEby RUSSIA in honorST/IMPoi the Teheran who believe that God's business should count over to one agent and make him Conference. Flags oi the United States, Great

come first. We take care of God's busiresponsible for handling all their insurness, and he takes care of our business. ance needs, and certainly the agent

People call and buy insurance over the should be qualified and conscientious telephone, others come into the office, enough to do this job. He should also

and I very seldom walk down the street represent companies who have a reputabut what someone stops me and wants tion for paying their claims promptly to insure his home, his automobile, or and liberally.

his business, or inquires about some My agency is operated by two very other form of insurance. Honestly, this capable stenographers and myself.

is what I attribute my success to as Business almost doubled in 1941 over increase of an 1940. showed 1942 agent. insurance an

national their in pictured Russia are Britain and total 1941. In 1943 my over misunder- $13,000 that fear some may For to absolutely FREE colors. stamp The

for the list. 1942, and over I Send our mailing all increased $15,000 not recognize that is ongiven persons let now assure stand, you me

include will mailed, for now. yours we When are this year, of first three months we policyholders to responsibility my my inspecoffers for your interesting of our others

and those in the community who need approximately twentyfive percent tion.

protection. I believe that business men ahead of last year. T. K. BARKER, Box 448 D. Palo Alto, California

NOVEMBER, 1944

GENERAL CONFERENCE, FRIDAY MORNING

last Let none son falter who thinks he is right, and succeed. will we great HEBER J. GRANT anddied theof a otherhip disease.at seven.I hadMybuilt

{Concluded /rom page 655) hopes that he would live to spread the Let us dare to do our duty as we underit.faithful in the gospel of the Lord Jesus gospel at home and abroad and be an stand

is secretly supplicateChrist, to God to taken, quotation Abrafrom me. in honor he But following as some was The

for Christ,the the guidof Jesus name of obthe to sons taken. respect your been have with Lincoln And ham

spirit. his convinced holyance of I am life in repeating is never also grateful I so worth am for servance my of law

that one of the greatest things that can the gospel of Jesus Christ as I am when often into to cause the boys anycome home of friends family or beloved some my liberof lover every American, every Let in girls that to in aand up grow home final their are called to reward. home posterity, swear his to wisher well every in gospel thelove of love of a and God, is in nothing the revelations There to never revolution the of the blood of ty,by isof prayer. to family Christ Jesus have to of for the Smith laws particular, Joseph which God least the in violate, I am

isIt for father family the not of the their tolerate to grateful never following and than country, the the more quotaalone to pray, but for the mother and for tions from what is known as "The violation by others. As the patriots of

the children to do so also, that they Vision,"namely, the 76th section of the seventysix did to the support of the Decsupport spirit to the of the prayer, of partake so Independence, and ofmay Doctrine and Covenants: laration

let every laws and Constitution spirit of the the the ofbe in with harmony

Lord. I believe that there are very few And this is the gospel, the glad tidings, American pledge his life, his property, and

remember every Let honor. man his sacred the voice of the which out bore heavens that astray, their lose few very gowho

the is to trample on the violate to law that record us untofaith, once have a knowledge had who charter the tear to father, and his of into blood the world, he came That Jesus, even the gospel, neglectof and never who Let liberty. children's his crucified his for the and to be of world, to sanctify and own

their in families, their their prayers and.. every breathed by the be for it the law to world, reverence all cleanse. and from

secret supplications to God. unrighteousness; American mother to the lisping babe that

it in taught lap. be Let all her prattles through on him might That be saved supplistops a minute the But man

it colleges. in Let seminaries, and in the schools, his Father into had put power and whom direction, spirit his forcating and God spelling books, and in primers, in written him; by be made starts a tojust out become he so soon pulpit, the from preached glorifies it be all Let the almanacs. Father, saves and Who his to works. andstranger him When halls, enforced and legislative in the of his hands, proclaimed of works those except sons

spirit, they for praying stop God'smen it let short, become justice. In perdition of after the courts in the deny Fawho Son

place confidence in their own unaided ther has revealed him. (D. & C. 76:4043.) the Political Religion of the Nation.

spirthe lose graduallyreason, they and after the testimonies now, And many dec- a verses from here I quote twoit just as near the and same of God, is this of which him, the given have been in contained of the laration Church or to friends, writing neverdear by last testimony, of all, of give him: which we Covethe and Doctrine of 134 Section will other,visiting become each with lives! he That

strangers. We should all pray that God For we saw him, even on the right hand nants, regarding our belief in governmay never leave us alone for a moment of God; and we heard the voice bearing ments and laws in general, as adopted

without his spirit to aid and assist us in record that he is the Only Begotten of the by a unanimous vote of a general aswithstanding sin and temptation. Father—sembly of the Church over a century

That by him, and through him, and of him, ago:

Comfort to Those Who Mourn inhabitantsthe worlds arethereofand arewerebegottencreated,sonsand andthe We believe that governments were in-

I want to say that my heart goes out daughters unto God. (D. 6 C. 76:2224.) stitutedthat he holdsof Godmenforaccountablethe benefit forof man,their actsand

thein deepest the and in sympathy laws in making both relation to them, in I anything as as I well know know that sincere earnest prayer andmost for the and good administering them and is life this Christ that in very I in Jesus offered for comforting the ever society.have of that safety of mankind, and Savior the deed exist can that government believe the to giveninfluence to the of no be Lord We fit the to establish seen Church has God framed are and in laws except such peace, sisters sonsbrethren have and and who I earth. the thank of Christ upon Jesus individeach will to secure as inviolate held fathersbrothers husbands and and I abiding that knowlin the have an Lord right the conscience, of exercise free ual the time. that at presentthe the I pray war Father, of Jesus our protection the and edge God, property, and control of and

will blessthe each has Lord boy who I life. his pleasthat 134:1,2.) Christ, Son, of (D. have and &C.

will service, into that the hegone and all in bearing witness to the world ure to principles fundamental are These live inhelp of accordance to each them

I this that possess. of knowledge protecbelief, to our fundamental our gospel, principles that of the sowith the

each may have a claim to the blessings Death has no real terror to any true tion. And in the providences of the

of the Lord to the full extent that acLatter-day Saint. A faithful Latterday Lord, the safeguards which have been

cords with his wisdom. Saint has been blessed with a testimony incorporated into the basic structure of

in the of divinity which work of the we if the are, them, this preserve nation we all I heart and with praying my am that he when engaged, and knows are all here dwell guarantee of who men as this as soon of forsoul the end war will have side he the other to passes he tyrannies, usurpaabuses, against and it fit stop. see to have canthe And Lord happiness, joy eternity and of and I an tions. days have childhood From my that been sorrowedto have those homes lived I have this promise who you—you absolutely believe that understood we death, loved of loss through ones theby in lives offer your righteously and is who country of Constitution that the our the understanding and and peacemay country, and service of your you the that inspired instrument, an and God there in heaven Father our be ofcomfort left to are live righteously and it who those created directed those and who are betounfailingly. you who And to mourn. wait, sometimes and this the of independence defended who I say, cruelty war, the do ofreaved by

it is this nation. matter Concerning my life of care to and anot forward look Constitution and the Freedom frequent pleasure the to statement quote to anxiety, only look buttrouble and Saint befaithful Latterday regarding Every Smith, the Conby Joseph single responsibilities of a dutiesthe and

: of the Constitution the lieves that stitution each duties theday, performing and by

inspired of States and God, United was is States will the of Constitution United the rest that you, burdens The uponday this this nation land choice that and it is glorious in the standard; a founded all the lightened, notwithstandingbe

in until the preserved been have now is It of banner; heavenly a God. wisdom lives into that yoursorrow come may

liberty protecprinciples the of under it is, all privileged are with those to who things that hard the beand may many liberty, like the of the cooling sweets shades tion of God.

I offor anguish bear. the to you know in of refreshing great rock waters a and a stateof Lincoln's are some Here I this feelings, to can and sayyour you is It like land. great thirsty a and weary

: ments life. I of of the sorrowsout own my tree branches every from under whose men

have been blessed with only two sons. Let the people know the truth, and the clime can be shielded from the burning rays

One of them died at five years of age country is safe. of the sun.

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY MORNING light, knowledge, intelligence, and above I am a firm believer in family prayer, all, in the testimony of the Lord Jesus and I do not think there is anything too for, notwithstanding for to small ask Christ. every us help us one of God May of the Constitution the such And talking fact with gospel, that to the an eduthe of has a knowledge I was who

faithful every be to States mustUnited "It said: its long lives cator live it, not ago preach that our who may

its lives under SaintLatterday who can't hear that truth. reason stands to God

helpprotection. the Lord That may all the offered that are the prayers that up I leave by testimony with you my

straight, a to pursue to think andhim are is that millions of that of people Christ, lives, that the hundreds Jesus God personal ofstraight regardless course all the is nothing this to of world, in say of prophet a Smith and Joseph was politiinterest, or factionaladvantage, inhabitants."their I it I it? other as worlds and God. do know know How daily the shouldcal persuasion, be I I I I live. pretend not heat; that do well how as to know Now, know know

I Saint.prayer Latterday of every all these I hear and answer cold; the can Lord joy; and I know know I know

Icounsel with I urge plead you, you, I that prayers, from that to but in the sorrow; do and I say know hour my you

you, never, so far as you have voice or of sorrow, in the hour of affliction, in infancy my mother taught me to go to influence, from departure permit any the in that prayer, Father Heavenly the death, has hour of heard and my God principlesthe of government which on little that children, he loves and prayers, that answered Lord and I know my this disor nation founded, any was prayers. I been I have answer leave he lives. would testimony with my my

inthe of theregard which, freedoms by difficulties with as I have up met you. amazed

spiration writFather, of our were God solutions probto to discover all came to direction the give of how God Mayten into the the Constitution United of lems. the does hear and this Surely utterances Lord of conference. he MayStates. if prayprayer, a have bless answer and our youth we at us away, and home,

is realize that us mightier Let God girls these family, ing his and boys direction and who give leaders the and to of if all earth.than realize the that Let us terrible exthese nations, undergoing been have bring speedily the and about

faithful are in keeping the commandwe will they periences be back, his come accomplishment of purposes. May prinof cherishing thements and God in join prayers. those to all, mighty he bless happy you, one and every and

ciples inspired will him, his of promises terrible of are having ours honest boys These lives that and man upon woman fulfilled letter. the to verybe he For misstalwart is of experiences. the face the of earth, One my prayhumble my

tittle jot said shallhas that one or not er, I it sionaries the of in on beachhead in humility ask was and the name fall to unfulfilled. the ground The Italy. in foxin of been Anzio had Christ. a Jesus Amen. He

is,trouble souls of the adversary men's it to of for out hole weeks. came He

theirblinds minds. dust, so He throws

into speak, their eyes, are and they J. REUBEN CLARK. JR. getand cleanedas he wasupwriting,and havetellinga littleme ofrest,the

blinded with the things of this world, (Concluded from page 656) glorious experiences he had had up in and the adversary obtains power over back and nurture to health and strength the Northwestern States Mission, he them, their robs of freedom, and them the soul to which wounded come may I is think there know, said: "You

iswhich tried to in the beginhe what do after this great them is over, that war all of us. Here with something wrong

ning. those who return may once more be- I have been looking to see if I couldn't

I say to you, Latterday Saints, that come useful members of the Church, catch some German boy with his head the pearl of great price is life eternal. and of society, and so shape their lives up so that I might be able to shoot him,

God has told us that the greatest of all that they, too, may come to rest in glory and I knew that there were German the gifts he can bestow upon man is life in our Father's kingdom, I humbly pray, boys all around waiting for me to stick eternal. We are laboring for that great in the name of Jesus. Amen. my head up so they could shoot me,

gift, and it will be ours if we keep the and as I sat in that foxhole this past commandments of God. But it will not week and thought about it all,"he said,

profit us merely to make professions and "I don't know why we should act this to proclaim the earth to the ends of that asked I have way, and my Heavenly this if NICHOLAS G. is the gospel, will profit but it us to understand."Father to help me

we do the will of God. The fundamental He was praying in his foxhole, allthing for a Latterday Saint is to be SMITH right, and he sent this little rhyme in his

honest. fundamental thing for The not himwhether I do he know a Assistant to the Council of the Twelve letter.Latterday Saint his is to value it, it word or he picked up: where self wrote

faithfullyas as his his to bond; up make at the Friday delivered Address

in sat tree a Three coconut monkeys thatmind under circumstances, no no 115r/z session the morning of things be. they Discussing as to seem itmatter be, hard how with and may by semiannual general confer* listen, the to others, two, Said one you "Nowthe help of the will Lord, he dedicate 6, in ence 1944, October that true certain can't There's rumor, a be

lifehis his best energies and to making the race. Tabernacle our noble descended from That man

good his promise; and that he will not The very idea! It's a disgrace.

permit personal some to advantage is thrill, great brethren, for a my his wife, ever deserted "No monkeycause him ever his printo compromise to you, the with meet men IT me who life. or ruined Starved her her babies,

ciples. to called been direct guide have and another never you've known monk And

I say to you that it is not an insignifithe destinies of a million people, and I To leave her babies with others to bunk,

Till they scarcely know who is their mother.—tocant thinghave theto holdrighttheto influencepriesthoodtheofpowGod thrilledful thingsasthatwe havelistenedbeen togiventhe towonderus this Or pass them on from one to another

ers of the heavens for good; and it is morning, and to the clarion call "And another thing, you'll never see

not a slight thing for us to neglect to of President A monk build a fence 'round a coconut tree, honor the priesthood of God in those Clark, that we And let the coconuts go to waste, who preside over us, nor to ignore them begin our postRefusing all other monks a taste.

in their counsel. My faith is such that war planning If I'd put a fence around a tree,

I could lay down all that I possess rather and be preStarvation would force you to steal from than ever depart from the Latterday pared to welme.

work. I value all things as nothing in come back our "Here's another thing a monk won't do,

comparison with having the spirit of boys and girls Go out at night and get on a stew, gun, use or knife or a a club, Or I into to me. guide promise you, homesGod And

life. other take monkey's some To living of that theas a where servant the God,

the cuss,[ Yes, descended, ornery man ofevery and Wisobeys man woman the Word who us!"didn't brothers, he descend But from

is shall of obprosper,commandments dom God that every promise made of God shall served and This fine young man who had filled be fulfilled upon their heads, and that family prayers a glorious mission up in the Norththey will grow and increase in wisdom, NICHOLAS G. SMITH are indulged in. (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 695

NICHOLAS G. SMITH askedAnd thisGod saidthing,untoandhim,hastBecausenot askedthou hastfor GENERAL CONFERENCE

western States, just a few days after thyself long life; neither hast asked riches

he had written me this letter, paid the for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine Chicago say he had been there twenty price that so many of our boys must pay, enemies; but hast asked for thyself underyears, and he had never met a living

discern to standing judgment; city that he of that streets the soul on of killed. I think for he was When

I to according thy Behold, done have several thousand were knew. There fine a fellows havethese young who lo, thee given a wise and I have words: I station. in that milling around an people Christ of of gospel the Jesustestimony heart; there none so that understanding was

I familiar, and looked that a face saw in their souls, playedburning and who shall after thee, thee neither like before thee their part in the mission field to try to any arise like unto thee, tried to catch her eye, but couldn't, so tell people of this better way of life, And I have also given thee that which thou I walked around and asked her if she that they have family prayers in their hast not asked, both riches, and honour: so was not Mrs. Homer McCarthy.

home, that they develop an unselfish that there shall not be any among the kings "Why,"she said, "Bishop Smith!

all thy days. like thee unto here?"are doing you What neightheirspirit, to kind that they be

if in to wilt ways, thou walk my And upstairs get to sent daughters her She it is I terrible thing thatbors, a sure am statutes commandments, and keep my my is the manway, husband, by her who, this price; to andfor such pay men I will did then walk, rather thy as David of the plant the Montof ager Aurora been back, having they comewhen days. lengthen thy

taught to kill, to destroy houses and gomery Ward Company, and she said is our to to out put going Utah "Homer built civilization that yeteverything has I returning ago was weeks few A in eldest UniBrigham daughter Young people, the of livesup, as as the well I * D.C., and was Washington, from versity."will prayer.they need all after in an the morning awakened It over. Pretty soon came Homer sit this in conthe men who Now car dining in the ride. chef night The I since thirteen seen years had been had the our aregregation today men whom stood people know, said to me, "You are said: "Bishop, him, what he and will responsible hold FatherHeavenly there in all coaches, the and night up going?"are doing where you and you livesfor that the the and men women soldier of boys dozens and dozens were I I to intended said, go "Well, home live in the stakes of Zion childrenand of platforms sleeping the on were who I trains, can't but of these make one on millionin them. of the Church—a "I could said, people cars."wish I the He

it. canhas reservation been one Not there here not sure be one wouldam these better to men."be is opportunity."celled, there no and his fail prayfamily to have wouldwho troubles. transportation the know You said, Bishop, "Well, Then Homerers, secretly anything or would do who

I cold of the boys were suppose many berth, the upper have daughter can my living soul thator openly a would make it over, night because that before was I in sleep will the lower. and and youstart that destructhat leads road to on

night. as chilly However, a we was me, with and be and come you Would Ition. the people. love you know My reservations were Chicago, neared my as visit along."go a have can we we Iassociation as with been have you of Chicago, for out twentysecond the I those boys were about thought who visiting in at the the stakesworking,

I the into on coming Chicago and was the the platforms of sleeping out on visitingconferences, brethren, the with twentieth, the of which meant evening I nights, said: trains those and on two that the of that facthas convinced me

I days. to that Just stay have two would it, to delighted "I do Homer."be would isspirit leaderthe abounding amongst

I little bit entered before Chicago a we train, as that the got and on me And itship the of should Church, and be said, get Father, help to "Heavenly me train finished the checking the conductor spirit spirit humility, prayer.a of of a

I here. of to to don't out have want "I said, upper, he have and one came is thing, of not unusual Prayer any there days, in Chicago over remain two train. left this 10, on Upper may Youcourse. anPrayers always have been

I is doing at home."be can much I it."into that crawled have up As Iswered. picked twen- a hundred and

I the station arrived at the I When little I that thought of prayer bunktyfive in references to the Bible Holy

I late, train to see over and went was offered, help Father, "Heavenly hadprayer, that things the noted and many if possibility getting a there of a was it in so to get such home."was me And for, been asked notedhave and how reservation, said: ticket the but man anprayer natural a was my waythey answered. were an ax Even was aren't reservations; there any "No, swered. it,called Bible the to puts swim, when

all is thing are taken. not they a There I In to the prayers answers have my lost his ax,a poor and had workman

little train, this in in but a back come is just that natural the found and Lord it it into river, thedropped a and was while."glorious always. sweet and it ax. thatborrowed wanted back He

I to a restaurant over and went had is lives! his Brothers, he This Church, it, his might returnhe petition and was eat, something the to read newspaper, called of he responhas to us a each and theanswered; ax to caused swim. was just train before time then went and fill sibility, that responcannot and weI if light of us any wonder would make to station the the to back and went sibility unless are praying men, and weof suggestion. such a

office ticket said: anyyou and "Have are will as praying have men we we that our remember Heavenly You thing yet?"will spirit discernment, of the have we I saidFather to Solomon: what "Ask said: there hasn't one been "No, He live to to that the so help us Lord no itshall give thee."say, goes to on Then

is cancellation. thing in a not There lives. offense at take mortal can our Iin 3:6-14: Kings

trains these of going any west."all bless called us are to of who God

... hast servant unto thy shewed Thou I I let lead, thought into would get us So and go the hearts make and and my father greatDavid mercy, as according my all in to arrangements remain of days souls people, of desire two to a our

truth, in thee before [saidhe walked Solomon], and in righteousness, and in uprightPresident David Stoddard's home, unserve God and keep all his commandness of heart with thee; and thou hast kept less I could get out. Then I went down ments, so that our postwar plan, as

for him this great kindness, that thou hast to the drugstore and thought I would called for by President Clark, will be given him a son to sit on his throne, as it have a malted milk, but as I sat down at one of force and power that cannot be is this day. the counter I looked across it and saw a equalled in all the world, is my prayer,

And now, O Lord my God, thou hast familiar face. I once heard a man in in Jesus'name. Amen.

made thy servant king instead of David my father: and I am but a litde child: I knownot how to go out or come in. FRIDAY AFTERNOON

is in thy servant the midst of And thy JOSEPH F. MERRILL tem, where to a large degree candidatespeople chosen, peo- a great thou hast which

in "called,"factor savwere a be wouldple, that cannot be counted numbered nor (Continued page from 667) ing election for of nominees from somefor multitude. that should enforced be and would made in the temptations the face they therefore now servant an thy understandGive

officials the protect public public and primaries. heart people, thating thy to judge I may

of bribery near forms from all and isdiscern for bad: between good and who

that doctrine bribery. a dangerous know XI7eable so great people? this thy to judge a

selfish fostered ""has been the In passing, may I say frankly that I by some that pleased the speech Lord, And

Solomon had asked this thing. believe a return to the convention sysgroups and accepted by some politicians

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY AFTERNOON the employees had a union of their own. course a multitude of illustrations could

The drunkard appealed to his union be given of the fact that few, if any, of with the result that the company was us fully keep the second great comevery- that the world owesto the effect all repentin need of are to mandment. agency a bureaucratic ordered by We

of irrespective a living,body his search us of each the high ance. Let own back, one's bring to pay him him

worthiness. Of course no living soul, wages for lost time, and to make a heart and make sure that it beats in

unable to help himself, should be alclosed-shop agreement with the drunkharmony with the divine will and then necessities the for suffer tolowed judgIn humble accordingly. act being election ard's without union an my

it. it if islife, to possible prevent the lasting entitled worth to ment, determine Weof held were to who peace—certainly this Christian to fullyare all committed in as America, our beloved rights. All the bargaining company price—in there are peounfortunately But,truth. large, at based be upon drinker's the the must world of not workers, members

ple who are indolent, thriftless, selfish, union, and largely in the majority, I was living acceptably before God the second and sinful. Yet, they are voters, and thus informed, were thus forced to join a great commandment. Brotherly love

they have influence with politicians. union they did not prefer. But no appeal must prevail. Liberty and freedom unbeings are andBut they also human laws, this adminder wise and righteous

brothers.therefore need to our They provisions istered with the in harmony be toprocedurethe courtsin harmonywas permitted.with theWasrequirehelped to reform and helped to opportuments of the golden rule and of the of our divinely inspired Constitution,

nities where they can work for what Constitution? must be preserved. Selfishness and

they get and thus become selfrespect- It is said, however, the closedshop is greed must be subdued and righteousing. But is it not demoralizing to them to necessary for the success of the union ness exalted. The Lord help each of us

agree with the idea that the world owes movement. If so, let the union moveto this end, I pray in the name of Jesus

of irrespective a living,them fail. Christ. Amen. not deny any their ment man We must should matter of factworthiness? As a his his free or take him agency from

not worthiness always be a prime factor right to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of in given the rewards determining is abto to anyhappiness."work The right

this our religion Is notone? what I I in JOHN H. repeat, solutely fundamental. am

teaches us? Could divine justice be hearty sympathy with the organization

progress, a based? Eternalotherwise collective bargaining, with of labor and TAYLOR doctrine, is based on worthibeautiful of the that of a committee plan is, with

ness. employees meeting regularly with emOf the First Council of the Seventy

theme—thatLet us referof toselfishnessanother phaseas seenof ourexployersconcern.toButconsiderin my allfeelingsmattersI amof strongmutual Address delivered at the Friday

hibited by some officials and members ly opposed to the "closed shop,"as the afternoon session of the \\5th of organized labor. I think it very unterm is commonly understood. And I semiannual general conferfortunate for all concerned—union do not believe the "closed shop"is esence October 6, 1944, inmembers and the public—that these orsential to the success of labor unions, the Tabernacle

ganizations and groups have been pamoperated on principles of right, fairness,: I politicians verypered happy to by selfish justice. am and others liberty, not and Did

conference, in a dominating ouruntil they have become Samuel Dearbe Brethrenwith you Further, also view? have this Gompers

factor in the politics of this country. should any organization, operated on and I trust that I may contribute

Now, I believe wholeheartedly in labor principles antagonistic to these, be to the spirituality of our meetings held unions and in collective bargaining. But tolerated in America? Would it be tolduring the days of this conference.

the idea of "the closed shop,"as we erable for the Church to say to its peoWe as a people are trying to corcommonly understand the expression, is ple living in Logan, or Provo, where we relate, and very repugnant to me. As I see it, "the are in the majority, you must not permit with considerclosed shop"is based upon selfishness nontithepayers to live among you? able success,

run riot. It ignores the basic principles Certainly not. Yes, the right of every our faith and

that all men are equal before the law and American citizen to "life, liberty and the works, knowno one should be deprived of his right pursuit of happiness"should be proing that this to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of haptected, be he Mormon, Jew, Gentile, intype of compiness."This is the very foundation fidel, or pagan, white, yellow or black, bination will

upon which this republic was founded. union member, or independent. Every bring to us the

To weaken or destroy the foundation is American citizen should be free to do best in life and to endanger the very existence of our as he pleases so long as he does not a better rerepublic. We frequently use the exinfringe on the rights of others. ward in the

pression "our American way of life,"Right now there is a pressure movefuture life.

unmindful of the fact that the true ment on to raise wages of workers in It has alAmerican way of life is based upon our war industries. Do those sponsoring ways seemed

divinely inspired Constitution, as it was this movement recognize that there are JOHN H. TAYLOR strange to me

interpreted by the ablest legal minds in millions of workers in America, engaged that so many this country during the first century and in essential industries, whose incomes of our friends expect us to live more a quarter of our national history. did not increase during the last three consistently according to our faith than

But now—is it due to the emergencies years in anything like the proportion they expect other people to live theirof war?—bureaucrats have taken over. to those of workers in war industries? faith. Perhaps it is because they are

Personal liberties have been severely In fact, because of the rise in the cost acquainted with our teachings and know restricted and in order to serve his of living, the net income of multitudes that we emphasize the fact that our country in a warservice or warproduc- of Americans is less today than it was salvation is so dependent upon how tion plant, or in some other plants, a three years ago. Can this be said of any righteously we live here upon the earth.

man must join a union, so it is said, and worker in war industries? Figures say That wellknown saying of the Apospay initiation fees, sometimes high, as not. If another raise in wages of these tle James, "... shew me thy faith withwell as dues, as required by closedshop war workers should now be made, out thy works, and I will shew thee my

agreements. Recently I was told a plant would there not be a still greater disfaith by my works"(James 2:18), is

needed a skilled worker. One was obcrimination against these multitudes? consistent, practical, and efficient.

tained through the employment agency. The situation is extremely complex. But In talking to a visitor one time on

He was a drinker. At length he was is there any fairminded citizen, be he Temple Block, he inquired about our

discharged after twelve days of bungling a union or a nonunion American, who religion and asked for an explanation work, because of being continually unwants to profit at the expense of his about our faith and our Church. As

der the influence of liquor. The plant neighbors? Let us hope not. usual, I commenced immediately to

had been operating open shop, though My time is up, so I must close. Of (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 697

boys. a young who had man We GENERAL CONFERENCE JOHN H. TAYLOR these

into the and gone army had just who quote from the Articles of Faith and exhad only recently become a member of doctrine Savior and promulgated by the plain the establishment of about to explaining the the a Church. He was

his the apostles, be termed and it may this short In a Church. soldiers the about of other time he made number

constitution but of kingdom; God's remark: living people of and our Wisdom Word definition pause Paul's causes one to faith. that of closely to part so our not particularly An concerned with I am intriguing the term contemplate and

I written; believe of or officer also what along you have one came am was who

in the as element "godly an power"efficiently to as concerned more you how discussion, the and, hearing people our carry out the things that you believe and said to this young man plan of salvation and whether or not godly develop acquire can and written. have man

to fanatical be so want I wonder you why power.

I things. quite that sure these you a about thought expressed am was by A similar

is manifested by power of God will The that the rest of as one us no know know here musician brought had been who from the east by the M.I.A. to judge be shut out of heaven because he smokes a and through the priesthood. It was

some of our contests at a June confercigaret or takes a drink. through the power of God that worlds

ence. On a Friday evening we were at The splendid testimony of President were created, providing a tangible eviSaltair where the dance festival was Grant this morning would rather condence of God's power. The power of

being held. The dancers had been wellvince a fellow that it is not so much the God is evidenced and keenly felt in

trained and were so efficient that they one cigaret that is against him but what righteous words, honest deeds, sincere could execute the different intricate it leads up to and finishes with. Once emotions, and clean thoughts of men.

steps and formation with considerable we leave the road of right, it is often The power of God is creative, both in skill, and because of the precision and very difficult to find our way back to it a spiritual and temporal sense, for all order it was very beautiful. In order to again. things were created, first, spiritually

see better, the man from the east and In my visits to some of our wards, I and then temporally. By his power the

some of the rest of us stood on the band see so many of our meetinghouses not earth was formed; by his power light

stand and watched the demonstration so wellfilled at sacrament sessions. We and darkness were separated; by his

on the dancing floor.. often read in the papers the statement power the land and water were sepavegetation, his the rated; power by the not going to people are churches A while later, he made this comthat

air, sea, and of the the fish the fowls of of the because lack of and on Sunday, ment:

into creatures brought all earthly were attendance many churches are being is, after The thing wondering about I am all of important being; the most but closed. all these seeing floor people young on the

so perfect in their deportment and their I wonder whether we are making the these was the creation of man in the culture, just what will happen when they necessary effort to prove to the Lord exact image of his Creator. The finite

finish this demonstration and commence to that we not only have faith but also mind cannot comprehend or understand dance the regular dances and act, so to works in honoring and keeping his holy the full significance of the creation nor

I If please. speak, as into they your go inthe principles powers of the and sacred. repent to Perhaps need day we

stakes, or I find will thewards your same that the therein, but indicate know friends to we do that and our our volved

I find that type of beauty the culture and on great stupendous creation and religion vitality the was a in it has only not floor tonight?

to keep our meetinghouses open, but work accomplished by actual, spiritual,

This same thought is given promialso to crowd them with our membermental, and, who knows but what some nence by the Apostle James in this ship because we love the Lord enough physical, effort was necessary on the statement to keep his commandments. part of our Heavenly Father. There

If a brother or sister be naked, and destiMay our Heavenly Father bless us must have been an element of work, of tute of daily food, And one of you say unto that we may be so consistent in our effort, in it, or else why the declaration them, in peace, Depart be and ye warmed in 2:2, living that Genesis found recorded can to us, say he done, "And "Well

filled; notwithstanding give not them ye his the seventh faithful thou on ended servant: good day and work thou Godthose things are the needful to which body;

I rested faithful hast which he made; and things, he had on been over a few it if it profit? faith, hath doth sowhat Even

all the ruler his seventh thee from which day things make over work many is 2: will alone.not dead, being works, (lames

15, 16, 17.) enter thou into the joy of the Lord,"he had made,"an indication of the

When our friends see us in action, (Matt. 25:21), I pray in Jesus'name. necessity for rest after such a tremendoing the things we have been taught to Amen. dous accomplishment.

do, their faith and confidence in us inWhen Adam was placed in the Garcreases and is a testimony to them of den of Eden to enjoy its beauty, comthe worthwhileness of the gospel. JOSEPH L forts, and food already produced, the

Lord enjoined him merely to prune the it in of hearing condition; wasT remember a man garden keep who and good WIRTHLIN

fall as thereafter, the sick in came very His but soon our wards. one of

the Presiding Bishopric Of cast planting. from foreordained,crops the only needed and was was Adam He

one on the farm, his boys having gone Address delivered at the Friday the garden. He found himself in the

to war. If he couldn't get out and plant, afternoon session of the 1 15th lone and dreary world, far different

he would have no crops in the fall. A semiannual general conferfrom the orderly Garden of Eden. The

number of his neighbors and members ence October 6, 1944, in voice of the Creator declared to him of his quorum, hearing of his condition, the Tabernacle that if he were to eat, in fact to exist, assembled at his farm at a given time it would depend upon his efforts whereutensilswith other their plows and all necessary the to prepare ground and Paulclared: debyof inhisthehandssweatshouldof his hebroweat andhis thebread,toil

plant the crops. In a short time it was "For I am pointing out, too, that noxious weeds

all done, and the brother and his family not ashamed and thistles would stand in his way, were assured of the necessary food and of the gospel creating the necessity for more work money at the harvest time. That was a of Christ, for and effort. With Adam leaving the

demonstration of the gospel in action. it is the power garden, there came into being the most

It is just the same in thinking about of God unto important project among men, namely, the Word of Wisdom. I am certain s al v a t i o n."that of agriculture which produces food

the majority of our boys who are away (Rom. 1:16.) and raiment for man, the first two

are living up to the principles of the Others define physical requisites, and moreover afWord of Wisdom and doing it splendidthe gospel as fords more actual work than any other ly. Occasionally we find some boy who tidings of great industry. But Adam was not left unmay not do this. joy, some as qualified to meet this new condition,

An incident was related of one of JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN the body of for his Eternal Father had bestowed

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY AFTERNOON HPhe modern day trends in religion admaketh rich."The last sentence of this

A vocate the corrupt philosophy that verse that "the hand of the diligent upon him the mental and physical man's salvation is assured by grace maketh rich,"impels me to quote to you potentialities to create by his labors all alone, which contradicts the teaching a statement of Abraham Lincoln:

without of "Faith the Master, works the the necessities of life. So man from

is faith should dead."And why potential the beginning possessed power withis Laborthe fruitwasof priorlabor.to Propertycapital, butis desirableproperty

of creating his requirements through out works be dead? Because the godly and is a positive good to the world. That

work. The words "create"and "work"power of work, the power of God unto some should be rich shows that others may

are synonymous. Hence, the power of salvation, has not been invoked. become rich and hence is just encourageenterprise. to industry are being ment Moreover, not and taught a Let he men is work. God

is pull houseless of the house I down who demoralizing, might a say and most spiritual, physical mental, very The let another, diligently but him work and degenerate, doctrine that the world fits for the of him and makeup work man for build thus himself, inone by example living without physical or a them owes of thereacquirement godly power his that suring shall safe from be own effort their part. mental There upon if will, of all through. Think, God's you built. violence when

history in nothing been has which creations, to has are there comparable none man spiritually, mentally, or physically. undermined and destroyed the moral The power of God which is work,

In the mind of man, the plan is formufabric of the people more than this creative work, is the foundation stone false doctrine, doctrine, for not a new of salvation, spiritually, temporally, and lated, instruments, such and physical it in its inception the council had of mentally. this cornerstone The on which actual existence bring into as the hand,

the plan of the mind. There is nothing heaven when the Son of the Morning, great republic rests is that of work and

comparable to the hand as a useful tool. Lucifer, proposed to save mankind free enterprise. Should the cornerstone

The things that can be done and accomwithout any effort upon their part. Men deteriorate, the national structure will

plished by the hand are innumerable. are encouraged to lean upon the govcollapse. The cornerstone must be

The most delicate mechanical instruernment for their sustenance rather strengthened and reinforced by greater ments, such as the electric eye, the than to depend upon their Godgiven endeavor, for there is now resting upon radio, radar, all forms of transportapowers to create by the sweat of their this nation a burden of debt the like tion, and buildings, are the creations, brow and the work of their hands the of which the world has never known first, of the mind, influenced by the necessities of life. It is odd that there before, stupendous beyond the imaginaspirit of inspiration, and, secondly, the are those who think that our governtion and comprehension of the average

has an inexhaustible resource of if mind; it is liquiand its liquidation, hand of man—man, the son of the Eterment which money available. will always be dated according honest to just and nal Creator. On this point may I quote Robert ciples, can only be accomplished throughprin-

"\TE7e have spoken of man's mental and Ingersoll. I do not agree with him on the application of godly power, name-

* 'physical attributes, but what of many things, but on this point, he is ly, work on the part of its citizens. This

the spiritual? There is no question but right. Said he: statement is sustained by an excerpt

what the development of the spirit deIn the first place the government does not taken from a bulletin published by the pends entirely upon the mental and the support the people, the people support the Tax Foundation in New York City:

Therefore, any of is physical man. government. a government work perpetuThe

relation The between average earning al It pauper. passes 'round privithe the hat himself denies and individual who the and power average debt the load on solicits contributions; then but must you salvation himself lege of denies work is individual significant. large part of A that the remember government has a musket in the exaltation of God. kingdom and is the debt held banks, insurance by comhat. the behind government produces The creation. of the himself denies power panies,He other and savings investment and It it nothing. land, does the not does plow their First, others institutions. and on imposes he future welfare milof The it corn, not trees. sow does not grow The

lions of people depends responsibility providing the efforts of on the continued is government perpetual a consumer. We these of institutions solvency that deand his Secondly, sustenance.temporal the support government. that the idea Now, pends the maintaining their of on value idle, the to he open being the becomes mind for government can make money you

assets, including government the bonds. But is it live to evil the and for one, influences as as the of has me same though on—it of value the government bonds depends on hired issue certificates should of man is my devil's idle said, thebeen mind "An the labor earnings the of and people on and indebtedness live to to for on. him my me stops. progression Mentalworkshop."their to capacity provide to taxes enough tell that people us the government Some in ignorance."can saved be man"No interest the the pay of and principal redeem its impress can sovereignty piece of a on subjectPhysically, weak, he becomes debt. the

is, is if that it paper, and money. Well, what

as disease, to has science medical and is it the of use wasting dollar one making declared, his span of life is shortened bills? It takes no more ink and no more Anything short of this will bring

ten to twenty years, which is logical bepaper-—why not make one thousand dollar bankruptcy and chaos to all. One cancause the body, like a machine out of bills? Why not make a hundred million not think or speak of the gospel of the

use, becomes rusty and obsolete. dollar bills and all be billionaires? How do Lord Jesus Christ as being the power

Spiritually, he loses contact with the you get your money? By work. You have of God unto salvation, spiritually,

it to of the ground. dig out That is where literally mentally, spiritualdivine. temporally, His and body but what

it from. have always comes a had Menstarves the emaciated becomes and to mind the of memory that and kind of something hope could be made intrepid experiences of mortalityweak. unThe and saw who there comespioneer—he nothing. of out

have done him but little good. derstood the gospel with all its impliThe Lord knew his children in the The only preventive for further decations and obligations, accepting them

spiritual world, fully realizing that cadence in the morals, intelligence, spirwholly, willingly, and with no reservaupon their return to his presence, there itual, and materialistic affairs of man is tions as to work,—hence, his memorwouldments—somebe a greattakingdifferencefull advantagein achieveof notunderstandingless work butbetweenmore work,employeethe properand ablememoryachievements.an everlastingTheremonumentstands to hisin

the opportunities in mortality, thereby employer, both of them realizing that the form of the restored Church of achieving highly. Others would achieve they have sacred obligations to one Christ, a great state, the emblem of

in a partial way. Then there might be another. He who would hire the laborer which is the beehive—a symbol of inthe indolent and careless. Therefore, should realize that there is imposed dustry, thrift, and no place for the idler

out of justice and proper rewarding, the upon him a sacred obligation, namely, but an attitude of helpfulness to the

Lord indicated that his children would as stated in Luke that the laborer is aged, the widowed, and the fatherless.

be judged by their works and very worthy of his hire. On the other hand, As heirs to all these blessings, there

properlyreward—theestablishedcelestialthreefor gloriesthose whoas a herememberwho laborshis obligationwith his handsof an shouldhonest pioneer,stands beforeand if weus acceptthe challengeit, we willof takethe

achieved highly, the terrestrial for those day's labor. It is as the writer of from his gnarled hand of toil the torch

who achieved partially, and the telestial Proverbs declares in 10:4: "He beof the gospel of salvation to exemplify

for those who were indolent and carecometh poor that dealeth with a slack its ideals, its saving power in unceasing less. hand: but the hand of the diligent (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 699::.:

JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN speaking to those who fear him and deGENERAL CONFERENCE

light to serve him in righteousness unto are a blessed in that people We we the end. He says: Christ, the Son of the living God."living a have prophet of God, whose

mysteries, will I reveal all to the Surely Redeemer 16:16.) (Matt. them And counsel on the matter of work is as

all the of yea, mysteries hidden pleased, he then and have been my kingmust follows dom from days of old, and for ages to revealed the source of Peter's knowlthe will I come, unto them make known I never I have seen the day when was saying edge by all will concerning of pleasure good willing my not [if to the meanest do work... for Barjona: thou, art Blessed Simon to things pertaining kingdom. even Yea, my there thing a is such as work, mean which

it unto flesh revealed hath not blood and shall eternity they of know, the wonders I rather idle. doubt] than... I assert be with

confidence that the law of success here and and things to come will I show them.... thee, but my Father which is in heaven.

hereafter is to have a humble and prayer- (D.6C 76:7-8.) (Matt. 16:17.)

ful heart and to work, work, work. It was in 1841 that the Lord comThere were many trained and eduOf all Christian peoples and Amerimanded the Prophet to release his brothcated Jews in Jerusalem who rational-

a out of completely themselves that the can citizens, Presidency he ized er, Hyrum, from should prestand out we life. rich spiritual testimony and the Patriarch. In his full the eminently as function as a people of faith the might in

Creator, a people of integrity, and a place William Law was called and was Though Jesus was among them and they people which demonstrates and proves instructed through the seer: could see his miracles and hear his

still it impossibility for an words, was that to the in the world of power God let before me, be and humble... him be to Pharisees prove scribes and thosethe of gospel the is Christ Jesus Lord guile, shall of receive without he and my their of any the to be Redeemer him bythe the efficacy of and power work. Spirit, shall the Comforter, even which of kind processes, or the mental by I that pray humbly every man,. all womthings. truth the manifest of unto him require. that But moderns. proof many an, child in Israel will and understand (D. 124:97.) C. &

his as receptive associates, Peter and fullthe significance in of the work, name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And a similar promise was made to they were, knew the process. They

Sidney Rigdon as he was called to be a lived the truth, and they knew the truth, spokesman to the Prophet Joseph: and the truth made them free and gave

SPENCER KIMBALL W. peace. them

I will to give unto him be power And (Continued page 671) from I will in unto give testimony. mighty And then, a testimony, acquire one must HPo It thus saith Verily, the shall Lord: come all in thee to mighty expounding power be * that to the pass every of soul Spirit in the forsaketh tune with be who his scriptures spokesthat thou mayest a be and

sins calleth cometh unto and me, and on his my be and Lord, commandments keep shall revelator him, unto a he be and manname, voice, and obeyeth keepeth and my receive not sincere. one does Because certhee, the that thou mayest unto know

shall see commandments, face andmy my all reason this the things positive tainty of to pertaining assurance things is no why

I I that that true the am,know and am 100: earth. of the (D. C. kingdom on that another cannot. & my say another To

.....light I. the one. and are Father and 1011.) see the light because cannot you person 93:1,2,3.) (D.6C.

it is place to unwarfail to comprehend the to extend same seems Lord The will bediscriminate another's limitations power. not Lord ranted onHpHE privileges promises the and same makes

of the his that can children say delights no one but to A tween know To all to his people is like all, if saydoctrine bless will not because us and do you let him.own we

And here he reveals another most im-... I the Lord am willing to make these ing that there is no germ or virus beportant item,-—one must be free from things known unto all flesh. (D. 6 C. 1:34.) cause it is not visible to you, and is to

sin to claim the blessing of an unwaverSeek not for riches but for wisdom, and deny the word of God.

shall of the unbehold, mysteries be God ising testimony, kinds, his bear and sin testimony must of two one To hold shall then unto be you, and made you it.those of omission those live of and and worthy of The Lord life is it often comfoldedrich. that eternal Behold, hath he

mission. rich. (D.6C.6:7.) declared his displeasure in the failure

When I was a very small boy, I was of his people to bear testimony.

taught the habit of going to sacrament It should be kept in mind that God Destructive criticism of the officers of meetings. Mother always took me with cannot be found through research alone, the Church or its doctrines is sure to

her. Those warm afternoons I soon nor his gospel understood and appreweaken and bring an eventual end to

became drowsy and leaned over on her ciated by study only, for no one may one's testimony if persisted in.

lap to sleep. I may not have learned know the Father or the Son but "he to And so there have come ringing down

much from the sermons, but I learned the whom the Son will reveal him."(Luke through time the testimonies of men

habit of "going to meeting."The habit 10:22.) The skeptic will some day who knew and bore witness:

stayed with me through my life. And either in time or eternity learn to his John, the cousin of Jesus, saying:

even from those early years in the testisorrow that his egotism has robbed him "Behold the Lamb of God which taketh mony meetings, I often came home disof much joy and growth, and that as has away the sins of the world."

tressed by the expressions of critical been decreed by the Lord: The things of The apostles in the stormtossed ship

people who took issue with those who God cannot be understood by the spirit exclaiming: "Of a truth thou art the

had borne their testimonies with such of man; that man cannot by himself find Son of God."

fervor and sureness. "Why does Sister out God or his program; that no amount The Prophet Mormon from Nephite

Blank say she knows that Jesus is the of research nor rationalizing will bring history declaring: "... God is not a

Christ? How can she know? Why does a testimony, but it must come through partial God—but he is unchangeable

Brother Doe declare with such definitethe heart when compliance with the from all eternity to all eternity."

ness that Joseph Smith was a Prophet of program has made the person eligible to Nathaniel, an Israelite in whom could

God and that this is the Church and receive that reward. The Savior could be found no guile: "Rabbi, thou art the

kingdom of God? I doubt if they know have taken highly trained minds from Son of God. Thou art the King of Isany more about it than I do."Then I the temple porches for the chief builders rael."

refer these who would rationalize to of his kingdom, but he went to the seaAndrew, the apostle, who told Peter,

Colossians 2:8: shore to get humble fishermen. He his brother: "We have found the Mesis wanted not siah, depend would interpreted men being the who which

lest spoil Beware any through man you intellects their to ferret upon only Christ."ownphilosophy deceit, after vain and tradithe

truths, the out but to unbiased in Smith men Oliver and Joseph Cowderytion after the of men, rudiments of the world, and not after Christ. whom he might reveal his new program, their positive declaration: "That he

men who were trusting and sincere and lives"and "that he is the Only Begotten

But our Father in heaven has rewilling to serve. He tested Peter on one of the Father."

peatedly promised such knowledge occasion by asking him to identify him, And Job with his unalterable testiupon compliance with his commands. and with power and sure of his grounds mony: "I know that my Redeemer

Hear his words in modern revelations the first apostle declared: "Thou art lives."

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FRIDAY AFTERNOON ful; we hope that it may ever be so. age them to return to the farm. They

Tillers of the soil are a steady, dependwould make no mistake if they do so.

These and countless others through Unusualable elementstabilityin insociety.the livesThereof farmersis an Modernprofessionagricultureof equal dignityhas becomewith thea

the centuries have "done the will of the and farming communities. They know older, socalled, learned professions. It

received knowlFather."a have They if that other as better properly. group than any practiced is business, we good

his same This work. of him edge and of succession reap. yield so sow, to It do unequalled The the power has we

all is to promise our Lord by made who to his time harvest bespeak seed them and the to farmer and daily, joy sane will likewise. do seauniverse. changing orderly generato an generation The family. from And

I is testimony. the This add my May conreveal sons it man's strength powers beyond of tion builds and men women

is It at helm. of the God. work He trol, for in favorprepare he must which service. for world's the

till his will glorious program forward go life lessons years. Big able of out come is to be If small too family the farm I is testimony bear consummated. my farming. the of profession of Seldom obtained. yet lands divided, be may in the of Jesus most humbly name social, a economical, harebrained does in usually are opportunities known Such Christ. Amen. political issue philosophy or those from with Communication community. every

of the welagricultural committee the JOHN A. WIDTSOE weatherwho, uponfor thetheirsoil,sustenance.face windIf andthe localities fare program will reveal many

(Continued from page 666) farmer is caught, for a time, by the oily where lands may be obtained under coning; without the eyeand-mindopening promise and airy prospects of a fluent ditions that may be met by our young

vistas that follow the wise discipline of demagogue, he is usually the first to remen. Our western lands are far from

schools. The coming age will require pent, often in sackcloth and ashes, and being fully occupied.

return sensible, to to lawful bodies of a service trained the of order minds and in area, irrigated the Besides, where living. rural strong late the brings before. membership During than more A live, of our so members Church many safety to the financial not depression, otherwise Church obhad few men who

it their within people the have own tainable. is It in nation. the so agriculture professions, including and

locality, intheir to within power, own life. trades, the in unthat rural unemployed. believe were The By we We tillable of land. the concrease area By trained in suffered living farm, a most. group a not must but only on mean We serving, rationally, the using and more

that see returning to boys, rural of farmers our even community, composed available, irrigated area the water now at finish sacrifice, their tradescraftsmen, the our necessary heavy and ownit increased. greatly everybe Almost may shall If living ambitions. educational professional workers. men, and Thus we

is great water. of there a waste where

life, is their better futures. protect help joyfully the small of the purpose Some that fallacy the remains more water The

all offered the federal in be governcommunity, advanwhich by modern may is it plant. for better the the used Overtheir will ment. Schools tages utmost, availcomforts and be do may we now is irrigation follows. the fact that The intensify sure, to able, distinct shorten the be has a and advantage over may

is yield of with crop a completed much this, city. the for required courses of eminent Because have crowded men who is less applied. than usually water

realiquickly stern business the professional matured men, operatamong and to saved used be redeem Water may ties centers, of warfare. in ing large often to commute in is land surplus of there a more which

in their rural cultivates innate the neighborhoods. homes Education powThe the West. chief vision gives for candidates ers a the of present ofof two him man, and

eternal truth and the great gains of the fice of president of the United States Immense quantities of water are lost centuries. It should also help fit a permaintain their homes in rural communiby seepage. In one ideally located

son to make a living, and to perform ties. Already there is a strong move- L.D.S. community, nearly one half of

better the work likely to be required of ment towards the decentralization of the water held in the reservoir is lost in transit three or to the over four miles so his bread industry, that workers he earns and from placed which may be|! him, this farms. task of canal making The in smaller that sense, all education, In communities, with the famiand butter.

dealing with men, having earthly ly kitchen garden and other similar adwater-tight is slight compared with the needs, should be practical. Probably vantages. The experiments of Henry labor of the pioneers who settled that

most of our young men have already Ford in the field of combining industry community and dug the first canals.

decided upon their lifepursuits; all and agriculture are notable. There are also hundreds of places

should do so, and make their educationThe city of Zion, as laid out by the where water now going to waste might al training subserve their life's needs. Prophet Joseph Smith, was planned to be stored, of spring water held back for

All their learning, including that which accommodate between 15,000 and 20,- later crops. By a little united effort on

the the part people, of projects such fit small at first for city remote, should seems into 000 people-—a

easily could be than more completed the life student's ambition. capital the the par- a of kingdom Wise relativelykingdom—the of projects the founders of the all ents, will men, of young to God. and heed whole city be pioneer The was

this matter with care; and direct their divided into twentyfour wards with West. Why wait for others to do it

educational efforts to a definite objecsix hundred to eight hundred souls in for us? Let us do it ourselves!

tive. Wasted educational opportunities each ward. Each lot was to be four by In addition, the introduction of new,

; are seldom recovered. twenty rods, ample for a dwelling house, more intensive, and more profitable

outbuildings, and gardens. All public crops, is increasing the acre income on

A mong the membership of the Church, buildings would be placed in the easily the farms, thus automatically enlarging '**'farmers and craftsmen predominate. accessible center of the city. Such a the agricultural area. The relatively

They are true wealth producers, for plan would be ideal in our day, if living small farm, if cultivated properly, is the they convert the elements about us into richly is the consideration. Indeed, we most satisfactory. There is yet land

articles needed by man. By the efforts came near to this ideal in laying out our available for our young war veterans.

of these wealth producers, the prospercities in the intermountain country. The You who may advise our lads to reity of the world may best be measured. Mormon village system has contributed turn to the farm should also remember

Therefore, the Church has always admuch to our strength and our happiness that the profession of farming has vocated that its members keep close to as individuals and as a people. It is one moved forward with the vast progress

agriculture, the crafts, and the indusof the many Mormon contributions to of recent years. Much of the toil has

tries. They form the safe base of the the plan for human welfare. It is inbeen taken out of the tillage of the soil.

pyramid of social and economic life on teresting that many sound thinkers in Motorized implements, from plowing earth. More than a hundred years ago our day are advocating similar cities land to baling hay, even for the small

the Prophet Joseph Smith, then building and villages. farm, under control of one man, have

the city of Nauvoo, stressed this princut down the former manual labor. Only

ciple in no uncertain words. HPhe majority of the service men of the other day I saw a farmer's son drive

Probably more than half of our the Church have come from the a herd of purebred, sleek, dairy cows

Church membership is agricultural. Of farm. They are acquainted with rural to the cooperative shed to be milked by

that we are proud; for that we are grateconditions. It would be wise to encour- (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 701

machinery. When this herd was on its gone out, willing to face death, if need GENERAL CONFERENCE

way back, another took its place at the be, for our freedom, our hearts grow devices, to helpsiron milkmaid. a claim our have Such warm. upon They

18:19), Nephi Father name"( III in my increasing. steadily are return, farmer, help to enterthe they upon when The ". shalt generation,.. Thou to this and joy. will to that service lead be pathsfarmer need kept busy from no longer and

dawn to dark. Headwork is today the When we do our best and most for continue in calling upon God in my

24:5.) (D. name."&C. requisite of farmer. the them, notprime much. too day do do The we

to teachings I call these wellknown is is in this matter; over. not blessof the pioneer Progress the us Lord May of number a attention because on your theneverending, as sons elsewhere. bless farm protect Our he on and and may

I prayers heard recently have occasions to in battle are guide every of courarray placedProblems beckon and man who not ofservices religious were which I in is in there theirage; conquest. return. joy and wisely them This upon

When we think of our boys who have pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. fered in his name. Latterday Saints ought not to be ignorant of these comSATURDAY MORNING mandmentsthem. Our heartsnor hesitantare filledaboutwithobeyinggratitude beyond expression for what the

the subject of deserves prayer The sing with us. for done has Savior We consideration of not Latterday only is it that he feeling, wonderful "Oh, MARION G. for Saints also nation, the but of whole for die to enough for care should me

al- a belief prayer been has and in God the of partake time me!"Every we

universally in the United most professed the Father witness unto sacrament, ROMNEY we

States. the us willing to uponAssistant take are the Council that the Twelve of we

is today needs of our greatest One offered not his Son. of name Atoprayer

in that true prayer, turn to we to God at the delivered Saturday Address lack insincerity or suggests in his name morning session of the l\5th may conquer Satan and escape the of understanding.

that do of servants Satan of the hands general semiannual conferin the the Father unto pray we When call like to I should his work. uphold in 7, 1944, October ence specific for personal of Jesus name of prereqthe attention to some your the Tabernacle feel in the depths things, very should we this need. of uisites realization the to

willing subto are souls our that we I it is just that don't know why first is Eternal of belief in alThe God the will of our the petitions to ject our this feel like I stand bewhen ways Smith. taught Father, as Joseph by

will, in God, heaven. oh Father "Thy in this buildgreat brethren fore youI

ing. The other day I was in Nampa, HPhere is a world of difference bethy will be done"should never be lip

Idaho, attending a stake conference, and tween a prayer understandingly adservice only. "Thy will be done on earth

I said to one of the brethren up there: dressed to "our Father which art in as it is in heaven"(III Nephi 13:10), is

in Lord's the given pattern Jesus by to the prayer addressed heaven,"a and name "My in prayer, Gethsemane emphasized and in defined some god some unknown is Marion G. he in agony bloodsweat and when energy,""cosmic as language such Romney.""... thine, will, be but prayed, Not my "the as or consciousness,""universal

This man done."(Luke 22:42.) first to a prays cause."great man No yes, said: "Oh faith exor theoretical with any god

you. I know npHis principle we learned in our home will petition his a receive I pectation that

heard your sympathetic consideration. But one can through a rather impressive exbeat, heart years of our early the perience. During the to the true with and and pray living God I heard you life, I intensely wife married and my deals that with he actually knowledge

breathe par- a to be desired what we considered is our in as believed the men. God When

first time you through blessing. set about unticular to a We Father, degree can Eternal we

in the spoke it. confasting prayer to obtain and that We relationship him, to derstand our

tabernacle."he is the father of our spirits, a loving sidered many of the scriptures which

that promise blanket to make a in prayer, shall ask ye "... Whatsoever MARION G. ROMNEY thatI stillway. feelI individually,parent who isandinterestedwhom intheyhis canchildrenlove seemed

know you are with all their hearts, might, mind, and believing, ye shall receive."(Matt. 21

my brethren. I know you know my strength. 22.) We asked, we believed, we

limitations. I know you want me to Such a belief is essential to true praythought we had faith, but though we

succeed, but when I am ministering in er because intelligent beings will not fasted often and prayed fervently, the this work of God I am always very pray fervently to a God they do not years rolled by without bringing us the humble. know. Such praying will be done only desired answer to our prayers. Finally

I am very much in harmony with the by people who believe that their praywe concluded that we had not fully spirit of those two lovely hymns we ers can be heard and answered by an understood; that we were not giving

have sung this morning. If I had known understanding, sympathetic parent. proper consideration to the will of the

that I was to be the first speaker, and Associated with belief in God the Lord. Rather were we concentrating

could have chosen the hymns, I could Eternal Father is belief in his Son Jesus our faith and prayers upon receiving not have chosen better. Christ and an acceptance of his divine the particular thing which by predeter-

I have been thinking of that marvelmission as the Redeemer of the world. mination we had set our hearts upon.

ous appeal for prayer made by PresiThis belief is as basic to true prayer as We had to reconsider the conditions of dent Grant yesterday in his message, I is belief in God, the Eternal Father. It the promise. We found that Jesus had

have been thinking of it in connection is because Jesus is our Redeemer and stated them in full to the Nephites as with a passage of scripture, a commandtherefore our advocate with the Father follows: "... Whatsoever ye shall ask

ment which the Lord gave to the Prophthat we must always pray unto the the Father in my name, which is right, et Joseph Smith. Perhaps I was so imFather in his name. While yet in morbelieving that ye shall receive, behold it

pressed because I had been thinking, as tality he said to his disciples, "I am the shall be given unto you"(III Nephi

I am sure you have been, of the great way, the truth, and the life: no man 18:20), and to this generation thus,

hold which Satan has upon the inhabicometh unto the Father but by me.""Whatsoever ye ask the Father in my

tants of the earth today. The command- (John 14:6.) He promised them that if name it shall be given unto you, that is

ment was they prayed in his name, they should expedient for you."(D. & C. 88:64.)

in earnest to learn to be as ask. We had should they whatsoever receive

off that conalways, you Pray come may it "If will"as thy praying, be we were 16:2324, 26.) 14:1314; 15:16; (John that yea,queror; Satan, conquer you may appeals. personal presenting our when multitude, he the Nephite whom To that the of escape the handsand you mayservants of Satan that do uphold his work. taught after his resurrection, he said, We need have no fear that our well-

(D. & C. 10:5.) "... Ye must always pray unto the being will not be served by such an ap702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY MORNING Cry unto him in your houses, yea, over all In the spring of 1820, Joseph Smith, household, midday, your both morning, spirit sons mightiest of God's Jr.—one the against evening. cry unto and him Yea, little fourteenyear- but a then known ''.

.. is It of glory proach. enemies. and him cry unto God's Yea, your work power in old the of York boy backwoods New is all to devil, the against an enemy the to bring to immortality pass and who

state, in the Bible search reading while righteousness. the crops unto over him Cry I life eternal of 1:39.) man."(Moses light vital of a problem, on moved was fields, in of that them. prosper your ye may I I the think within say mark when am faith in Spirit the. to., upon ask by all; is this God not pour But out ye must life eternal that the obtaining of each by for the to closets, lacked. secret Retiring souls in he wisdom your your your and specifically individual including person, places, in wilderness. Yea, and your and in a secluded spot grove, a he wooded

is me, part of of and theyou work God let the Lord, cry not unto do you when offer "kneeled to began and up down will his glory. to concernadds and His full, in hearts prayer your be out drawn his the desires of""heart in to God"ing affairs us other and cannot our be for continually welfare unto him and your It this vocal prayer. while boy was was

for the also of those are for welfare around than advancement our imtoward who in so in prayer, engaged humble and 34:1827.) you. (Alma life. mortality eternal Submitting and that to prayer, that great the answer Father, in families the unto your Pray in will his will to for instance every be vision the of the Father and which Son that in [said the Savior], always name my this good. our must own do And we this last the of dispensation opened be children wives your your and may if faith in peace have would we and given. gospel (Ill blessed. 18:21.) was Nephi

inhappiness state present our of im-... heart; in well thy as as vocally Pray

perfect living. yea, before the world as well as in secret, A GREAT deal more could be said upon

The time will come when we shall in public as well as in private. (D. & C. 19: this vital subject of prayer, but this

ask. will before of the 28.)know we God is the time not nor for place to say me

his that the Call Lord, upon kingdom may will for everything pray whichThen we it. I all In conclusion, plead with men earth, that inhabitants forth the the upon go for "expedient."Everything whichbe to in everywhere turn to true prayGod it, for thereof prepared receive and be may will "right."will be ask That bewe er. is the for requisite This one number in of to the the the come, days Son which living, righteous result as ofwhen, a we is It in the peace world. the only in shall in clothed way heaven, come down Man shall the so of the enjoy companionship that can the his glory, kingSatan conquer brightness of escape the to and we meet

spirit that he will dictate what we ask. dom of God which is set up on the earth. the hands of the servants of Satan that

this said, point has the Lord "HeOn the of kingdom Wherefore, go God may this uphold do Latterday work. We inthat Spirit asketh the asketh accordforth, that the of come, heaven kingdom may is Saints that Eternal our know God

in glorified it to. is will, thou, that mayest ofing the God, be wherefore God; O is Father, that Christ his Jesus and Son

that thine earth, enemies on so heaven may 46: asketh"as he (D.done even C. & that our bring Redeemer, and must we is thine the honor, for power subdued; be, if again, purified and are ye "And30) desires lives in our our and harmony ever. forever glory, (D. and and Amen. & sin, all shall cleansed fromand ask ye his will, divine with to praying him 65:5-6.) C. will in the ofwhatsoever you name all in things always about the of name

Jesus and it shall be done. But know this, Most all of you who are within the Jesus. Let us see to it that from henceit shall given be you what you shall that voice are witnesses sound forth of my pass in no day shall which we do

ask."(D. 50:2930.) Nephi, &C. in ever called true prayer person the no fervently, not in family in private and

son of Helaman, so lived. He with unupon God in vain. There is hardly one prayers, express our gratitude to our

wearyingness declared the word of God. of you who cannot personally testify, Heavenly Father and seek his guiding

He sought not his own life but the will out of your own experience, of the and protecting care, I humbly pray in of God, and to keep his commandments power of prayer. Here is an example the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

continually, and to him the Lord said, from the life of President Lincoln:

"... all things shall be done unto thee

according to thy word, for thou shalt General Sickles had noticed that before battle of portentous the upon Gettysburg,not R. ask that which is contrary to my the ANTOINE fate of perhaps, the result of which, thewill."10:5.) (Helaman nation President apparLincoln hung, was

ently free care oppressive from the which IVINS it"VTow, in submitting our requests to the frequently him weighed down. After was

will of our Eternal Father and askall past the general asked Lincoln how that Of the First Council of the Seventy ing in the name of Jesus, when, where, was. He said:

delivered the Address at Saturday I tell it will the In was. "Well, you how shall for pray?and what we morning session the \\5th there, of pinch campaign of your when up sang, psalmist "Evening, and The

panicstricken nogeneral everybody seemed semiannual and confer-

I will at pray."morning, noon, and

tell to happen, going could body was what 7, in ence 1944, October his earthly 55:17.) (Psalms During I affairs, the of gravity oppressed went by the Tabernacle taughtmission, parable the Savior by to the door and and locked day one room my

"...that to ought pray, always men before got knees Almighty on down God my in interest an faith crave and your

this faint."to at for In victory mightily prayed not to 18:1.) and him (Lukeand

I prayers, brethren, that what my

I told this that Gettysburg. him war was indispensation, said revhe has many directed say the I be may may by his, his cause, could but cause our and we thiselations, always."said "Pray He Spirit of prayerful through God, your or another Fredericksburg standto the C. not Smith Prophet (D. Joseph & help. I Chancellorsville. there a and Then made 19: to Harris (D. C. Martin10:5), & I if travel this of to vast that over he solemn country Almighty As vow God

, B. 31 to (D. C. Thomas Marsh38) & I at stand Gettysburg, our boys would I, by like ours,

individuals; other to he and12), many him, stand did stand he and would by by perhaps, you

itsaid to the C. (D. Church I 20:33) & will stand him. boys, and our And by imbeen have

I it finally said, I that, after unto don't say was,and and he know "What how the I pressed by it, I crept soon explain a comfort cannot all; sweet lest say unto pray alwaysone vast amount soul. feeling that into The came God my inthat you, wicked have one power and of unproduchis the business into taken whole own of place."outremove your (D. you & had tive unand things right that at hands, and would goC. 93:49.)

is I tilled that fears that Gettysburg, and land had no why

As there is no limitation as to when about you."we have. Only

we should pray, so there seems to be no a small portion limitation as to where we should pray Lincoln believed in God. He prayed of this state

or what we should pray about. mightily in the strength of great humiliand the other

states around... In every and thing by prayer supplibyty. him,He didbut nothe promisedalone asktoGodstandtobystandthe culus is wellcation thanksgiving with requests let your

in received Lord. the his answer He tivated andbe (Ph. 4:6.) unto made God. known ANTOINE R. IVINS

. well are so you, which my brethren, for him unto mercy;.. Cry for he is way really producmighty to save.... Cry unto him when ye acquainted with,—the sweet comfort tive. There is

are in your fields, yea, over all your flocks. which crept into his soul. (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 703 ANTOINE R. IVINS theof theday.law, weI questionare sufficientlythat veryhonestmuch,for GENERAL CONFERENCE

. I I all frequently rewriter brethren. read thinka ouqht who whom we

; Luthat we "s 'e servin9 amon9 that there are statement thehas hearts to our and repeatedly examine made i-hllf a hls tme can 9lve SPm"I 9et lands. souls uncultivated that attitude, than sure are tomore our? make we to the V1S1? power and of OUI responsibility

. is if true. that honest.wonder

us All of completely and ully. it is that If D?eet souls are there Certain industrious. should many be we And 1? probour ourselves and gamine isin?nould imbeen the have the today that anything has world there Church who

beresolve high a en make 'else cultivated, notproperly past, in the would for those noted been we among Jcm will, that r Father heavenly and we u, that conditions prevalent the facthave that things the been have we comes we forf fy abl of our be *r *>* struggling withare like now. people. industrious an would t magni We Tf *s +that e do 'we h calhn9- I this b"like of look to upon to industrious, such, body continue to men be an lJ the thfof the power about qstion no tillers of ofas the the soul the is If Church, are, careful. there frugal and we grant he of That God. may it is that see the little problem to our willand question bless that but God P"fthood

* l in ot Jesus the to us name '"is cultivated, well thesoul of Church the exigencies to of us help us meet and P13 so that it can yield itself to the purour lives. Amen.

the soul ofposes Church of God. The with be sympathetic We should our in QD AMD RICHARDS itsis of souls the of a composite in their troubles. memneighbors trials and

bers, and so we become the tillers of the We should be willing to help them over (Continued from page 679) souls of the members of the Church, and their difficulties. We should be trustthe armed forces just returning on furit becomes our duty as we face this worthy, so that when we make a promlough from New Guinea and the Islands

problem, each and every one of us, to ise, everybody will know that we keep the Pacific. Someone started the subtill our own garden spots first, and if that promise to the very letter, that ject of Salt Lake, and then I admit to

they turn out to be productive, then our word will be as our written bond, yu brethren that I never listened to a vile language than thatthere is no question that the greater and nobody will question us. We man use more

fields will, likewise, be productive. should live clean, honorable, and updoctor did when he spoke of Brigham

When we think of the soul of the right lives. No other thing will give us Young and the Mormons. I shall never

Church, and the souls of the members greater happiness, or will develop our repeat it as long as I live, to man or of the Church, we naturally wonder souls to a greater degree than to live the woman.

what constitutes a welldeveloped, welllaw of chastity which is prescribed by Then I spoke up and said, "Doctor, I cultivated soul. our Church as by no other organizawould just like to tell you that I am from

We have already been told that the tion on the earth. Salt Lake City, and I am a member of

first and great commandment of the the Mormon Church, and I have travthe eled United States and in is all over Christgospel should of Jesus that we and Canada, in Mexico Europe, A LLthe*spirittheseandthingsthe soultendoftoman.developThe and hearts, that all ourlove with and God

we should love our neighbors as ourProphet Joseph Smith has told us that and the islands of the sea, and if there selves. That is the great fundamental the soul consists not only of the spirit is a people on this earth as morally

principle of the gospel, and since the of man but of the spirit and body inclean as the Mormon people it has never purpose of the gospel is to develop men separably connected. Then, in the debeen my privilege to meet them."I

in their souls and give them joy and velopment of the soul, we have next, referred him to an article that appeared happiness and better life, then the first after the spiritual development, that of not long ago in Life magazine from the requisite of a wellcultivated soul is the body. I believe what the scripture surgeon general's office of the United

that he must love God and love his says, that the body is the temple of the States, in which the statement was made neighbor, be willing to serve God and spirit, the temple of God, and that his that the greatest deterrent to the success serve his neighbor. spirit will not dwell in an unclean body, of the armed forces in the United States

Then we, who are the custodians of Our purpose, then, as well as to develop and the war industry was venereal disthe people, so to speak, the tillers of the the other phase, is to develop our ease. The article indicated that eightysoul, must see that we love God and bodies, to attempt perfection in them, so five percent of all the men in the armed

love our neighbors, so that we can help that the spirit which God grants the forces, including married men, were others to arrive at that state. privilege of dwelling in this body of clay living immoral during the term of their

There are many other virtues that shall, in its development, be unhamservice, enter into this picture. Right along as pered by physical imperfections. He turned to the officer sitting there

second to love come charity and mercy. If we can do these things, we shall and said: "That doesn't begin to cover

Can we feel that our souls are well not have it said of us that there are it, does it? Why, it is ninetynine and

cultivated if we have not charity? If more uncultivated souls than land where ninetenths percent."

you read the scripture you will find that we abide and we, the priesthood presiThen I told him of a letter I had in all these other things seem to fail in dents of the Church of Jesus Christ of my possession from the superintendent the absence of charity and mercy. Latterday Saints have this as our great of the L.D.S. Hospital in Salt Lake, in

Then comes forgiveness. We must purpose and our great field of activity: which the superintendent indicates that

be ready to forgive when persons who to develop the souls of the people and they had given the Wasserman test to have sinned against us, prompted by the soul of the Church. This is a comover 7,000 boys who passed through the

sincere repentance, attempt to make plex problem but it is wholly within our missionary home here in Salt Lake, and restitution. If we are going to forgive, power, if we can only gain the assistout of those 7,000 tests, only four of

we are going to forget likewise, for ance that comes from the companionthem showed any trace of impure blood, forgiveness falls flat if it is of the mouth ship of the Spirit of God. If we are and I said: "Doctor, if you can duplionly and not of the heart, and if, after humble—and humility is one of the cate that anywhere in the world, I'd like

saying we forgive, we still carry in our highest virtues that we should cultivate to know where."

minds the offense and hold it as an obin this spiritual development—if we are Then he added: "Well, over in New

stacle to the progress of the one whom only humble, and if we apply the spirit Guinea, even the doctors and the nurses we have forgiven. of prayer as Brother Romney has just 'let their hair down.'"That was his own

We must be honest, too. We must said, we can gain that power that comes expression. He said: "They figure they

be honest with ourselves, we must be from the Spirit of God. may never come back, and they are

honest with our neighbors, we must be That Spirit will give us the interest getting all they can while they are there, honest with the state, we must be honwhich will impel us to greater activity But,"he said, "there was one nurse est with the Church. There is too great than we have ever undertaken before. from Salt Lake, a Mormon girl, who

a lack of honesty in the world today; That, brethren, is my prayer today, said, 'I left my home clean,'and I am

too many do not think seriously enough that we, the servants of God and the going to return as I left.'

of those problems and feel that so long servants of his people, for he has told I said to myself: "God bless her."

as we can act within the technicalities us that inasmuch as we serve the least And I know that if her parents knew 7 4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

, SATURDAY MORNING an angel, one an angel of light, the other it—has produced a better crop this year

an angel of darkness. As he pulled the than at any time in its history, because

it for. his fertilized trigger that severed head cared from has been and

thing. the I canthey say same would in the right his used the with turned of darkness angel crop way, body, Water

is feel in rejoicing if there not help but fertilization, rotation, angel triumph, and the of have with and made a laugh heaven over one sinner that has come of light turned and wept. what it is. it

to repentance, surely there must be rejoicing great in heaven a Morwhen it it land, as the so has with been 7V nd and your boys wherever TDrethren, girl the or to has courage stand mon boy the of has with been membership *-* will with influences girls go those go the entire out against keep group and this greater never Church. There was is do can anything If you there them. clean. himself sweet and in at the strength land present the than the to meet strengthen them to at home I thought of the of words Joseph It time. to difference not does any make them, before that temptations come into sold Egypt, tempted when by brethren, think about me, people what can be leave what undone not please do Potiphar's she know how its doctrines, the Church, or Mormon wife—you fathers, I to this and you you done. say laid for trap then a Joseph I him—and help thinking of of the cannot words I help cannot this officers in Church. I said: this then great can do "How is the the to prophet: Lord Job "Who of Jesus the of think when words but sin against wickedness and God?"He this that darkeneth counsel words by kill the which said, not them "Fear he all entreaties refused efforts her to and without knowledge?"38:2.) (Job Who kill soul, to the able not are but body, him, seduce realized he even that though is it? to plan question? dares The Who is to able fear which rather him but incur he the is here. displeasure—which further of said to Job: God He hell."in soul and body both destroy he those ruled him, over who mightdid—of I laid the wast foundathou when Where Presithe of of the think words And cast prison. into he and was if the tions earth? of declare, hast thou unall the to this great Church of dency I I Brussels, in picture a when saw... are derstanding. the foundaWhereupon clean, "Better land, the of dead youth in Europe, as missionary laboring a was thereof laid fastened? tions the or corner who

depicting a man as he stood with a than alive unclean."stone thereof... and all the sons of God

revolver and shot off his head. As he God help us to help them, I pray, in shouted for joy? (Job 38:4, 6, 7.)

did that thing, there stood on either side the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. The great program of God for his

children was planned from the beginthis plan Smith, revealed he unto him O. BENNION SAMUEL ning, and when he came to Joseph this to plan salvation. you came And o/ the Seventy of Of the First Council

all will to to me, and and come men who

Address delivered at the Saturday the Redeemer lives; they knew that this make an investigation of it. Joseph

morning session of the 1 5th is the work of God, and they believed Smith bore that testimony to the chilsemi-annual general conferthe prophet of God when he said, "This dren of men. He also brought to our

ence October 7, 1944, in is the place,"and, "Here we will build attention the words of Paul the apostle:

the Tabernacle a temple unto our God; here will be our "Wherefore I give you to understand

home; this is where we are going to that no man speaking by the Spirit

ttt the beginning of my remarks I reside."of God calleth Jesus accursed: and

L\ acknowledge the hand of the Lord The Indians could scarcely live. My that no man can say that Jesus is

J- J- in permitting me to be here today. parents knew them, and these Indians the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost."

I pray the Lord that I may be sustained. were living on the rodents of the earth, (I Corinthians 12:3.) Jesus said, "ExIt was forty years ago now, at this and anything they could get. The same cept a man be born of water and of the

particular time of the year that I was soil that is here now was here then, but Spirit he cannot enter into the kingdom preparing to it was barren. of God."Nay, more, "he cannot see

go on my misBut the Lord had said through his the kingdom of God."(John 3:5; 3:3.)

sion. I called prophet, Isaiah, centuries before: I have listened to hundreds of men

President on the out of have come and women who shall solitary the place wilderness and The F. Joseph socalled, into this Church, who reworld, the shall desert glad for them; and be

Smith, accordjoice, and blossom as the rose. It shall bloshave been baptized and who have had

ing to appointsom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy the witness and power of God given to ment, and told and singing:... they shall see the glory of them by the Holy Ghost, say that they

him I was the Lord, and the excellency of our God. could no more go back into their old

ready to go. (Isaiah 35: 1 and 2.) way of thinking than they could go back

said to me, He a to Isaiah the Lord. have been born was knew He yesterday—they "Brother Benagain the living of prophet God, and it was into a new world.

nion, stay you the to look through given him down faith is the of Saints Latterday The here help and those time. put of stream Lord The fact, established an and and men women elect Theodore into his delivered mouth, he and words integrity, of honor the and thouby

0. Roosevelt, SAMUEL BENNION and this scripture, has that and become now all sands, parts from of are the world, then go."And earth. the greatest the gardens of of one in located valleys these the where Lord

I did. his for people. planned had Lord The is led them. there as Here such power

I see to delighted here to be and am this live in country not could who Men the seen; never truly has of world out

I the this great congregation. enjoy of the testimony promdid not a have forth goes the Zion law.

brethren; of companionship I would my ises All concerning here are I who call all attention the of to the words

it. live in mortality to without not want those hear voice can and today whoit. my of president the this of that Church,

Seventyseven years ago my progenisee that this great country has been were read yesterday; they came from

tors came down Emigration Canyon made to blossom as a rose; it is lovely, the prophet of God. And to the testiintodesert—this valley,nothingandthatthey wasfoundinvitinghere a as GoIsaiahwherepredictedyou may,it wouldI care be.not where monyto thethatsermonDavidthatO. wasMcKaydeliveredbore, andby enough for them to want to stay. They—I have not been abroad, but I have President Clark. They are all readable.

came from the green fields of England, seen all the states of the United States They set forth the issues of the present into this desolate place; almost all they and Canada and Mexico, and it is all day. How many of us will follow them had in the world was in a wagon box. this country—and there are no more when we go back into our homes; how

And many others were in the same confruitful fields than in this land where the many will say to the children of men dition. But there was one thing in their Lord led the people, this once barren among whom we labor: "The word of

hearts, one thing that brought them and forbidding country. God came to us again."Call their atfrom the shores of England: they had Land that I positively know has been tention to these commandments:

a testimony of Jesus. They knew that tilled for sixty years—I have seen (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 705 SAMUEL O. BENNION is a Power guiding this people to high GENERAL CONFERENCE destiny and even now they have beshalt shalt not steal, thou not lie, Thou the they come, as said Prophet Joseph

thy false against shalt witness missionary funds I am sure could be inthou not bear midst a people in the would, "mighty stituted. the the of shaltneighbor, a Sabbath Quite thou quorums day honor number the of Mountains."Rocky

it take shalt holy, the not thou keep inand the already maintained one past have I bless to us. the pray Lord I am in vain, the thou thy of and Lord Godname in field the missionaries and or more I for privilege of the thankful have adultery.shalt not commit is to the as are over as soon ready war I is this here. being of the work know

all on, the other again carry quoand fertilize is to lives, to of that that plan here and he he came The God God it. I it is believe also could rums do fields spiritual Church. that of thethe Smith As Smith and Joseph Joseph

it is practical, fine then, thing too, a and since the tothe the brought land the plan again has produced more world by in definite to a goal or always aim have all to their began the of Church till whichmembership Redeemer know men may view. it, richer praise under careful to him. give and as it has grown

Please do not misunderstand me. I I of the the strengthsupervision, believe so will this is the end of do not

children of men grow through the pow- "Sweet hour of prayer,"I believe it is do not wish, in the least, to depreciate elders the in of the value our younger just influence peopleerful our a beginning. of prayer hour of God, and The

I field. pairs these suggesting am of will off victoriously the planwill carry on into time beyond our power mission go

God, for this is his work. It will never of conception and will be a part of the of seventy second mission men, in adfail. It does not make any difference to great story of the Latterday Saints. dition to the two thousand or more

me what men think about Mormonism, Last December, I heard in one of our young elders. I have long had a feeling

or what they think about this Church. stake conferences, a lovely chorus of that some day Russia would be a most

I mingle among them; I have done so for about a hundred and fifteen or twenty fruitful field for missionary work, and

I think that fine of are them Their young women. music mostmany was years—many perhaps and inspiring. in I China are I said day is nearIndia—thousandsat hand; also good to myselfmen, good men. There then men and

the Church and out of the Church, and say it now, I expect to hear the voices and thousands of fine people in these when we find out what they are good of millions of such beautiful singers and great countries know nothing of Chrisfor, they should be put to use. But even participate in countless hours of prayer. tianity.

though they may not recognize it, there The Lord bless you. Amen. But in the organized branches and districts at present under local supervision

to supplant the local workers but to THOMAS we will need more experienced men, not E. McKAY help them.

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve In the twelve missions comprising the

Address delivered at the Saturday the missions. To repeat what President European group in those wartorn

morning session of the l\5th Reeder stated in his very excellent recountries where so many will have lost semiannual general conferport: The sisters are following the innot only all their earthly possessions,

ence October 7, 1944, in junction of the Prophet Joseph, viz., "to but many of their loved ones, and some

the Tabernacle provoke the brethren to good works."of them perhaps also their faith in a

local Supreme listening mission the brethren to and But while Being—the

their sisters tell have carried of of the fine so loyally work, on whoPresident Grant and Brethren: It is presidents

a great privilege to be engaged in wives with the Relief Societies and and efficiently will need experienced a work that can bring together so Primaries, and especially while listenhelp—second mission men if possible.many hundreds of fine men—all officers ing to the fine group of young lady misin the Church, having a definite responsionaries in the Canadian Mission give Jow just a brief statement about consibility. I am thankful for my membertheir reports and testimonies, my mind ditions in the European missions.

ship in such kept reverting to a splendid group of Letters and reports are being received a Church—a over five hundred seventies with whom more regularly all the time—a few of

Church where I was very closely associated while them get by without being censored. We

everybody has president of the Ogden Stake. We had have even heard indirectly from the

an opportuninine quorums, and since the division of East and the West German missions;

sms! ty to work. the stake recently there are now eleven also from the French, the Belgian, and

I am happy in the two stakes. I thought if Presithe Netherlands missions. We also condent Ursenbach, his talented wife, two tinue to receive letters and quite comsion presidents charming daughters, and thirteenyear- plete reports from the three Scandinaare with us old son, Gerry, a natural missionary, vian, the PalestineSyrian, South Afriagain. I think who are doing such a splendid work in can, Swiss, and the British missions.

the calling of the Canadian Mission, had only three Brother Hugh B. Brown, president of

mission presior four pairs of missionaries specially the British Mission, is carrying a tredents one of picked from those eleven quorums, what mendous responsibility, and is doing it the most rebe, a relief a help and what it would efficiently to as usual comand without THOMAS F. McKAY sponsible local the presidents, local in the branch plaint. In a letter recently received he the Church—it missionaries, and especially to the unsaid:

is a real job under normal conditions, organized branches and the scattered but at present when all the young elders members and friends; just one missionMy work continues to be intensely in-

I teresting, profitable. and hope somewhat in of service our the andare released the of eleven quorums each ary from

I wrote of time our to some you ago move is responsibility thecountry, if much pairs, five furnish had and would we to write Birmingham and hope soon you I congratulate ever.greater than you the at least of missionary one from each

I telling to returned have London. you we the splendid presidents itmission upon three nearly quorums, hundred would there the the end, over while and was week

way in which you continue to carry on. furnish seventeen missionaries or eight building at "Ravenslea"is at present unfit

Since returning last week from a most and a half pairs for each of the thirtyfor human habitation, I believe it can be delightful and instructive tour of the five missions of the Church; this is just repaired soon, as there are very promising

Canadian Mission, and after listening a postwar suggestion. I am sure that indications that the war will be over in

to the very interesting reports and testiwith proper leadership in the quorums, Europe and with it the menace of flying removed. bombs in presidents out carried plan mission could such a be of ourmonies

I report the British as Mission being can authorigeneral the thetheir hardship to the meeting with without of members in satiscondition, rather a satisfactory

I lastties, in interferring the with temple and without quorums Wednesday, light of in the factory view it when you feel like paying tribute to the mission the splendid stake missionary work that what has happened in these last four years.

presidents'wives and the young lady is now being carried on. Quorum welThe taking away of practically all the men

missionaries, and the Relief Societies of fare and other projects to maintain the who hold the priesthood, the breaking up of 706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I all family and are well, of also and mySATURDAY These MORNING are powers given to us conon brothers sisters reports. and I have my good dition. the conditions And to the as

the sacrithough Even has war demanded which ways by mightfamilies, man be darkened the withdrawal of the missionaries, fices still from them, the has among Lord and the leaving of affairs in the hands of gready blessed us. The gatherings are kept and be unable to see and perceive by

local all men, these have great but had effects, Godgiven well powers in spite up, were although limitations. under some From

of it all there valiant is a Latterday band of set forth yesterday statistics the reverse by Brother on the can Kimball side you

Saints carrying in best as they on can good in is his gain survey. 1943: This a for very excellent address. are Weold Britain. to understand further girls blessed that Children 62, the 28 34 boys and wicked the In course of travels to the branches my confirmations, one Baptisms and 62 would that and come he should take districts of the mission,and milito the and Ordinations, 75 light truth away and the from childrentary air I bases, camps and unusual have an Deaths, of 70 18 members, which were of through men disobedience. toopportunity see cross a section of the

in killed the war in I action,Church see and I what makes me listened to a doctor friend explain proud. a very interesting reference to the to matter French Misme, A brief when letters daily I get the service from men said that sion, I will is he close. then cells all germ within The first each variousfrom of theaters the from and war individual directly bulletin quoted from were a monthly indirectly or now alltraining is camps, of there and in them a

spirit of humility, faith in God and trust in being issued by the FrenchSwiss Disconnected with some nerve system. By

that trict. connection therehis is guiding was the posof evidence made hand—this

sible an intelligence effects inhelpful training. of early the individual at special given program was La Chaux A necessary to maintain the life vital 14, honoring mothers, de on Fonds also received May have reports from We processes. So, it likewise, seems to me, the contributing part children with major districtthe and held branch conferences that in the Church as the individuals of program. wein also the anDenmark, and Norway must maintain of France, Fargier Valence, our Brother Leon connection the withnual conference of the Mission, Swedish of the tour country, extensive has source an of made divine intelligence if too, we,held to 23 June the 26—four visiting of the others Paris branches days—and among are to maintain direct and the growthattendance of visiting Saints friends and meetings Sacrament were Besancon. and of spiritual our lives properly. Failureis reported as recordbreaking. Saints, the the place, to in held of joy each to maintain this intelligent connection in exclusively branches conference almost District, Other women. The of Bergen in the cell germ the or individual brings St. visited: Grenoble, Valence, Nimes, andthe Danish Mission, to scheduled was decay, stagnation, death, and in the case in Saints, Etienne. although few numThe heldbe April 23, 22 and but of because of the individual, or spiritual bers, faithful together in and remain meet death terrifica in explosion the Bergen on the case of regularly. a this of member Church.twentieth, fortythree where people met

their deaths were injured, and many is following a paragraph The from a 'T'here are spiritual phenomena that propertyand much destroyed, the letter soldier of boys, Brother one of our have sometimes disturbed us andscheduled meetings to had changed. be mis- P. former French James Condie—a that have seemed to be this induced by explosion ruinedThe of the some homes in sionary the with Seventh Army now master of darkness. The has Lord givenof our the members, but themmembers France, the formerly Fifth and with us certain definite ways by whichselves we injury escaped with the excepItaly, in his parents, to Brother Army perceive may detect and the same. In onetion of a few received who some Sister Parley of and Condie, Pres- M. revelation told he us, that "And whichscratches. concert that to The have ton, was Idaho: doth is not edify not of is God, and givenbeen Saturday night given was

darkness. is the That privilege longdreamed-of I had which of is of light; God theMonday, and proceeds given to

holding and with Saints that nine a meeting he of receiveth one light, and conthese sufferers; in the mission, than more branches before of our active the war. tinueth in Some receiveth God, light; more andfour thousand kroner raised were for prisoners in others F.F.I. or the were (Rethat light groweth brighter and brighterthe unfortunate ones. ill, sistance). Several were and have we until the perfect day."In in Denmark, addition to holding visited blessed them. and

their regular meetings, the mission has A protestant minister offered his chapel Again he told us we might understand had made and placed in the entrance of and his congregation, but I felt with so little that those who were ordained of God the chapel in Copenhagen, a memorial time I had best hold a meeting with the and were set at the head, to them would visit Saints, then sick and as many and be givenmarble the understanding plaque the of to the Prophet Joseph know possible. friends as glorious a It was ocdifferenceSmith, to between these spirits, the commemorate suggestone hunIt for casion. the them was dream come ing clearly itdredth that anniversary of the the of was business of martyrdom I true. that missionaries concluded should thethe Prophet. members of the following to Church seek The to be paragraph is as sent possible. as be soon lot a There

is quoted from the Danish Star: of good will here right now. Several exguided by the counsel of those who have

set been at the head. the desire pressed to join the Church. The is memorial to The not be brought about

suffered testiSaints their have but much, theby of the money Church In that or the of revelation a given to the Prophet inspiration. are monies anfew individuals; that would be contrary to Joseph Smith, as the known Sec132nd the very idea of No, every Danish in continue our tion heaven Father of the May Doctrine and Covenants, theLatterday Saint his acknowledges whoit. the to bless Brother Condie, and sets this Lord in out plainness, in which faith in Smith as Joseph prophet, a seer, and others of our 80,000 young he said men that who is there only one on manrevelator it. in share must is memorial The

their are serving country. the They, earth at now one time to holds the who keys be a symbol of unity our to and show

appreciation for what the Prophet Joseph too, are missionaries; we are missionof this authority, by which all contracts

Smith has done for every member. Thus we aries. This is a great missionary and bonds and things pertaining to the

all toappeal Saints. None go the children of men should

allor adults, are part. to take Tofree,reciprocatechildren inspirationChurch. Mayof thewe Lordso livemay thatalwaysthe besalvationsealed. of

the large, amount is not only us, that so with twentyfive be it can never In an address delivered by Elderore from each. Signed, Committee. The be said of any of one was called us, "He Joseph Fielding Smith of in October

In a letter from Sweden we received and found wanting"; but rather may 1920, he made an explanation of this

the following: we each be able to say truthfully when matter. He said:

is earthly our mission finished, as Paul

I in that hopes President am reMcKay "I said: I fight, fought have a I hold the good priesthood; brethren you here ceived telegram salutations with my from hold the I finished priesthood; course, have kept have the my we have received the the East mission is president. German He Melchizedek faith,"in the I pray of Priesthood—which held Savior. our name was by at in present military service in the German Elijah and other by prophets and Peter, by Amen. neighborhood of Esbjerg, Denmark, has and James, and John. But while authorhave we occasionally addressing been the meetings ity to baptize, while have authority we to there. held B. LEE lay for on hands gift the HAROLD of the Holy Ghost

and to ordain others all and do these things, via the Also Swedish Mission comes (Continued from page 670) without the sealing power could we do this letter acting from mission our new the of the power Holy Ghost we might nothing, for there be would validity no to in president the Mission: West German the truth all things. of know (Continued next on page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 707

HAROLD B. LEE SATURDAY GENERAL CONFERENCE

can did. course an elder Ofthat which we AFTERNOON water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter Elijah before baptize didbaptize, they and

came, and that was valid, and the ordinance into the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.)

being born of explanation the valid; but That that was done then waswork McKAY DAVID O.

blessings greater the of Penteordinances, again. day it on thehigher isWethe hear page 658) from in the (Concluded exaltation to essential are of multitudewhich assembled the cost, when

kingdom of God, and which can only be I feel that we can join with the poet different nationalities in their own has places, certain in no a in man sayingobtained the of the mouths from heard tongues the receives as he exceptright to perform the and Christ, disciples under of power give died to men life, Christ, who holds it the one O to from whoauthority do which was of the Ghost influence Holy hour, victorious that Bring great difference It how makes nothe keys.

degree, not strife, peace, in for remarkable shall use there manifest a man the in position When what have, youan office

Church you hold, you cannot officiate unless His valor, skill, and power. that he who had been crucified was inthe keys, the sealing power, is there back of deed Christ, the Savior of the world,

it.... God grant that the nations of the and being converted and convinced, and

I have no right, there is no man upon the earth will soon open their eyes, and behaving faith, they cried out, "Men and to right the has earth thereby this of and world, lightface the of who the go hold shall do?"brethren, what we

ordithe of in administer anyforth and bethings the this which in day accept "... Repent, and them, Peter answer President the unless gospel this ofnances I in the peace, name their pray unto long in the of one you, baptized, every be sanckeys, the holds Church, theof who Christ. Amen. of Jesus has the remisauthority, Christ, for he of it. us given Jesus has nametions He

put the sealing power in our priesthood, sion of sin, and ye shall receive the gift if Presthe keys; and those holds hebecause 2:38. ) There of (Acts the Ghost."LEVI Holy EDGAR YOUNG

us, to "You should say the Church ofident is the prescribed Lord other by no way 678) page (Concluded from state, that in or state this in baptize notshall the have of which heaven by we may attain unto of knowledge we that go principles would nation,"this man any inor scriptures the Ghost, which Holy by in the resurarise life us will that with in this to command contrary baptize toforth would be violating a command of God and rection."This provides a scope of unhave been given, by which they can be

going contrary to authority and power; and limited progress, and makes due place interpreted and understood.

that which he did would not be sealed.... for all the human instincts that conand can bestow the keys holds taken not who man these haveThe who It of spiritual man. nature Co the stitute

the power, and give can he withdraw; canhe are they numbered the possibilities. highest to his limits course-—andpeople man it, that takes it if he again; and takehe may hundreds suppose the by the supreme meets message This new thousands—I officiate. been has That to right ourends of heard never have thousands of in him revelation. who religion For test of again. it done bedone; may

received not have they the of gospel—since glory is: "The Sonship the supreme

WISH that we understood that. I wish the Only Begotten of the Father, full of the Holy Ghost in the way the Lord

teacher. a they need appointed, this has truth."have grace and We prinwe What these understand mightI that we

that where of example a splendid have far more and you me this redeemed day has obtain mightciples which we by to Philip, appeared of the Lord an angel realized. must world have Our us than we ask to those wholight, answer as an

to the him down south to go that and told the teaching forth with God does question,the "How may we detect truth go a to meet Jerusalem, leading from freely give that live, which we way and we error?"from

up to certain been Ethiopian had who received. freely become an have seek We will then those who would To all returnfaith. and to worship was Jerusalem and our idealism through a power reply their question to may weanswer

Ethiopia. his in ing Gaza, to home this, Smith the Prophet Joseph of All questions: these asking themby required, as and Philip as redid he was in as declared words he meant when order in righteously living you Are his in this along came man vealed from God: chariot—for the influence of the enjoythat you may high of a man, wealthy a he man was the of revelations in the knowlin the Spirit, grace and and must grow YeHoly queen's to treasurer the the repute,

the studied truth. 50:40.) (D. the of edge C. you & Have Ghost?Holy Bible the in had treasury Ethiopia—he have then mind, and in your outmatter chapter to his the 53rd knees open upon all abide more and more we May If is right? thing this if asked Godyou hailed Philip Isaiah, him and of and the laws commandand each day by the right enjoy to the haveso, you may if he understood was what he asked him I in of the ask name of ments God. that is right. it Does thatspirit to know he, I,""except said reading. can "How Christ. Amen. Jesus to you presented had have youwhich invited shall guide me?"He some man soul? it edify your Does you?enlighten besat chariot, into he the Philip and

of teachings F. the with it in RICHARDSIs harmony GEORGE the taught him Ethiopian the side and

accepted and Is it approved gospel?the that 661) (Continued page from gospel. to a place they came When leaders as the preside whoby those is not receiveth the natural man of water, "Here he said: of "And had plenty

the Church? the things of the Spirit of God, for they water. Why should not I be baptized?"

If your answers to these questions are foolishness unto him, neither can he Philip said: "If thou believest with

affirmative, then you in the are knoware them because they are spiritually all promayest."heart, thou thy He

that the great promise discerned."to theentitled Philip in belief Christ, and fessed Jesus

this people, to in a revelation madeLord difference between is a There water, into the and he went the and down your said: "And if hein which understand eye be natural and Philip. they those who man baptized by he was When body whole glory, yoursingle to my of Spirit things God. of the the One Philip water, out the was of up came

shall there light, and filled withshall be has other the again and born has been Spirit of the caught God. away by

that body you, in and darkness nobe rich not. Nicodemus, man, who The is needed. teacher A light comprehendeth filled is with beliefwhich night professing to Jesus by came

I friends, case to the refer you, myall things."be he that in must him, he saying knew

to Christ of Tarsus. of had Jesus Saul this for could sent of people teacher no of a man who leaders the God May after Saul, in he hand. take him And so live did, be that except the he and so congregation this God do worksit in

the declared Lord, apostle of an became in this reply: him, received wavering are with those that whoteach in the persecuting that did he what astray led by being are faith,their who

I thee, verily, except a thinking conscientiously, Verily, unto say did he Church, so spirits, be lying false may andthese the see kingagain, cannot he born be man service. that doing he was God that they to live walk to andtaught 3:3.) of (John God. dom

It brethren and more, takes something that light of fulness this enjoymight will preserve them from the errors that Nicodemus, not understanding how it sisters and friends, than education and otherwise would bring their downfall, I would be possible for a man to oe born learning to comprehend and understand pray humbly, in the name of the Lord again, the Savior replied: "... Verily, I the things of the Spirit of God and the

Jesus Christ. Amen. say unto thee, except a man be born of gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY AFTERNOON has been spoken or written concerning /\n this subject I give you one of the him. utterances of Joseph Smith, and a

statement following the all I find that the by standards Quorum by by all in sinceritestimony T bear you my the of Twelve, associated were the times prophets of of all whoit, any A I which I is ty. true. this that know work

let with in his day. First him quote accredited, or judged be me Joseph may lives, that ex- a glorified andknow God the from Prophet: stands greatest the with of them, Smith flesh alted of personage, having a body

and bones and spirit as tangible as and conforms in all things to the ac- A fanciful and flowery and heated imagiman's, allpowerful in heaven and in cepted definitions of a prophet. So pronation beware of; because the things of God

his utterances, found so compreare were of import; time, deep experiand and is earth; fulthe the earth the Lord's and

... ence, careful truth hensive the and of pattern and thoughts revealed solemn is thereof. ness the Eternal Father He

.. find out. only can them fools.'None but I that him, through think whenever all is Firstof the Christ men. Jesus trifle will the with souls of men. I I short, bring unless him, of myself up in spirit the the born Begotten and Only trifling vain spirand been have our How inclined to think of as him among am flesh; is in the the of the Father only he. its, private.. our as well as public conin lived those long years men who under heaven which versations. byname mankind (D.H.C. 295-6.) 3, Vol. pp.

atthe the seers sages and among who saved. be can be savedmay man No

in another statement, written tained age. From old in of the believwithout kingdom God

Epistle of the 1 839, from an to Twelve of Considering the accomplishments ing the of in Christ on Jesus and name

I the Church, this take excerpt, on life, I it incredible, his find almost and efficacy histhe of atonement.

By the same token I know that Joseph must remind myself of it frequently, that same line of thought

Smith is a mighty prophet of God, raised he gave his life for the cause of truth Study the word of God, and preach it up in these last days, and through him at almost the exact age at which I stand and not your own opinions.... Leave the

the Father and the Son have revealed before you here today, to the very year, further mysteries of the kingdom till God tell to is them, preach you not which to the and almost very month. The shallthemselves to the of world men, anew

horns of the now. beast, the toes The of his shortness not years of does comportand Smith Joseph was succeeded by

... the to image, are this not going save with teachof his the breadth depth and presiBrigham the of Young, and each if for generation; a not does become man ings. greatdents of this in Christ, of Church first the principles with acquainted of the

his day and time, has been inspired and Notwithstanding his youth, he inGospel, how shall he understand those greatled by the Lord, supported by faithful vaded virtually every field of thought er mysteries, which the most wise cannot men, the general authorities of the and human activity, in the physical sciunderstand without revelation?... {D.H.C.

Church, and faithful Latterday Saints, ences, in economics, in sociology; and Vol. 3, pp. 395-6.)

spirit; in religion things of the and heand this has work and prospered grown restraining of counsel to our A word

things the which will were beyond continueand until to do so the Son uttered to us as individuals, quorums, and whenof Man shall come to take his kingdom common knowledge and practice of his ever we are tempted to become heated in instances, are and which many theand reign upon earth as King of day, in speculation things about which we the ofkings knowledge still beyond of lords. common and Lord except not and cannot know, do by

I bear to you, my brethren and sisters our day. revelation: "Study the word of God,

and friends, this testimony in the auIf we had no other standard by which and preach it, and not your opinions."

thority of the holy priesthood as a witto convince ourselves that Joseph Smith I have known of intimate friends beness for the Lord Jesus Christ, in his was a prophet of God, standing among coming heated in argument and esname. Amen. (in the greatest of all time addition in their to tranged so feelings—seriously

the to assurance which comes us by the in speculation about things which no

RICHARD L parespirit ofhis testimony)teachings wewithneedthebutcurrentcommanLord doessees knowfit to giveor canus furtherknow, untillight theon teachings of his time, and to compare some subjects of controversy and conhis teachings with the current teachings cerning which we lack completeness of EVANS of our time, by which comparison we knowledge.

Of the First Council of the Seventy will inevitably reach the conclusion that I think sometimes we are seeking mysthe belief thought and and knowledge in teries fields also in religion, other than delivered at the Address Saturday of the tosteadily world have moved the is plain truth beand obvious when afternoon session the 115th o/ the utterances Smith. ward of Joseph fore us, the are there and to answers be semiannual general conference October 7, 1 944, in These things he could not have had without probing beyond them. I

the Tabernacle known for himself. There is only one think that we have looked for economic

way in which he could have known mysteries at times, hoping that there will need your sustaining help, my breththem, and that is by revelation from be found some other answers than the ren, and that of my Father in heaven, God, our Father in heaven, which is plain and simple answers, which involve

I whenever I stand before you. how he did know them. The world has work and thrift and living within our

Since we met here at general conalways been slow to forgive, and to means. We may have been guilty of

ference six months ago, we have obaccept, those to whom it has been given looking for a good many other mysteries served the anniversary of an event of to see beyond their time, and Joseph in other fields also—but we have, in

great imporSmith is no exception to that rule; but fact, as a people, and the world has, in

tance to this whether or not they accept him in name, those things which have been given to

Church and they are moving, and have moved, tothem and to us, all of the fundamentals people—the ward his teachings, of which there is of truth which are essential to man's

one hundredth ample evidence. temporal and spiritual salvation. There

anniversary of Through him there was revealed a are no new answers, my brethren, funthe martyrdom plan of life, in truth so obvious that all damentally speaking, and those who are of the Prophet who desire to see and understand may chasing after them and overlooking

Joseph Smith. do so—obvious in all things that pertain truth in the process, are doing themDuring the last to our essential welfare, here and hereselves and all men great injustice and

few months I after. But beyond the simple and essenhurt.

have been tial things, we find ourselves at times I close with another guide to conreading, and delving for the mysteries, which is not duct, from the same Epistle of the am still readin itself a thing to be condemned, unTwelve, quoted above, of 1839, written ing, all that I til it results in the inordinate consumpby the associates of and under the imRICHARD L. EVANS can find pertion of time, and leads to heated argumediate influence of, the Prophet Joseph

taining to Joment and the obsession of speculation Smith seph Smith, both that which he himself upon things which no man does know... Be honest; be men of truth and integhas spoken or written and that which or can know. ( Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 709 is, family he son or what is, whose he GENERAL CONFERENCE RICHARD L. EVANS

to, or belongs he belongs church what rity; let be bond; your be your word if his to, despoils he he must body let feel that acof love our and them for withdiligent, prayerful; pray and be his for base to time count some God are in them, and with sympathy we in children families; trainyour your up life. on, grateful that are to able they go the cultivate of meek, a Lord;the fear a teach- a proper have had So we who the for feed spirit; the the family gathering waiting clothe of naked, thequiet

hungry, help the destitute, be merciful to ing should instill in the lives of our famwhen it shall finally come.

ilies, of seriousness, the only keepnot to merciful your orphan,the be and widow bless you, your be in peace and God if be, ourselves ing as should but all anbearbrethren, with we we to one and men; in hearts throughout homes, your and

infirmities, consideringother's the great your own a mistake, should make how the great land, our throughout and railing accusations bringweakness; no it is late. of before too repentance need result of repentance as world and a care especially brethren, take youragainst in set order. us our houses So let When in the righteousness, pray, I humbly authorities the against notthat do you in to write are loved our ones who we of Christ. Jesus name Amen. printhat for the Church, of Eldersor air service, the send and and navy army

is devil; is called the the ofciple he

accuser of the brethren; and Michael, them a message of confidence. Say to

the count as even on you,"them: "We a railing daredthe archangel, not bring OSCAR A. shield mother a gave the devil, but said, against who "The patricianaccusation

Lord rebuke thee, Satan"; and any man to her son who was going to the army,

this accusation of and course pursues itwho said: or with upon and home "Come KIRKHAM

fall the of the will snare intomurmuring it."boys, to these should say So we the First the Council Seventy of Of apostatize, except he repent.devil, and if letter trained not already have by we

394-5.) 3, Vol.(D.H.C., pp. delivered at the Saturday Address in purity, or them, come home "Come

I am reminded, in closing, of an exhome not at all."evening session of the l\5th

cerpt from one of the letters I have read That is the gospel of Jesus Christ; semiannual general conferin the files of President Grant from his that is the purpose of this conference. ence October 7, 1944, in

correspondence of some forty or fifty The reason we are here today is that the Tabernacle years ago, when he was away at one we believe sincerely that we are the sons never appear in a capacity of this time, and one of his brethren wrote to of God and that he desires that we be kind but what I am almost overawed him, complaining that he did not know happy forever, and the life that is to I with the challenging responsibility what his mission in life was, but he make us happy is the life that conforms that is mine. As I hesitate for a moment,

wished he knew what the Lord expected to the teachings of the gospel of Jesus to try to feel the inspiration that may be of him, apparently expecting or hoping Christ, our Lord. Let us see to it that mine, with your faith and prayers, I am

for some special manifestation or call. wherever we go we teach by precept the at this moment

President Grant wrote him in his chargospel of repentance, and by our conconstrained to acteristic frankness and directness, and duct live the gospel of repentance and do something said: faith in God; and in prayer let us go to different from

for I resist plead him to and power have evil what that the All brother: Lord dear My is to if I cleave that to and right, that which prepared other or of of. me,.. of any orexpects you

the end the have companionspoken may we had full keep in is our duty to and for us doman the commamdments of God. ship of those we love, throughout the over the air,

eternity, of ages right fol- I shall and that here and the with you, with thought I leave this this earth, it shall upon inspithat when low become of the oftestimony my conviction celestial the kingdom. ration.

his divine Smith andProphet Joseph is I are That here today, brethhave why we As the divinity of the Lordmission, and is ren. blessing the That that traveled has up God

this truthfulness of of the Christ,Jesus in to given us the gospel of the Jesus Christ and down its in leadership of inspired andwork, is that I that anchor should us Church, have make—it

I it in the the fthis do name day. OSCAR A. KIRKHAM all evil, if against secure will impressed been permit we

Christ. Amen. JesusLord it to I so do. as have met

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH Tn conclusion let me say, knowing that youand stakes,brethren,undermanytheofstressyou, andin wardsstrain (Concluded from page 660) I stand here as one of the older ones of a year that has perhaps had no commoral lives. I am happy to say that I among you, I leave with you my testiparison in our history, and also that has

believe that in that group that has gone mony. This is not some imaginary thing drawn upon us, and our energy, like no

out from the Church of Jesus Christ of with me; I know that God lives; I know other year in our life. I feel in my heart

Latterday Saints there are thousands that Jesus is the Christ; I know that tonight, here in our intimate relationwho will return home just as clean as Joseph Smith is a prophet of the living ship in a priesthood meeting to give you

they went, if they come at all, and if God, as I know that I stand here and for your own consideration and thinkthey do not come back to us alive, they speak to you; and with that knowledge ing one or two things that have been

will be prepared to stand in the presence in my soul I plead that we shall go forhelpful to me in my life.

of their Maker and give an account for ward with faith and with prayerfulness I feel sure they have a spiritual relathe time they spent on earth, and exand with hope and courage to receive tionship; they have a priesthood relaplain to him why they are there now at the hands of our Heavenly Father a tionship; and are vital to our success.

because they offered their mortal lives glorious welcome home when mortality I want to suggest to you one or two to safeguard their fellows. shall cease and we go on to immortality. daily tasks. They have helped me. The

Today I am thinking of the need not I pray that it may be so for us and for first one: Every day, if we are going

all that we love, wherever they may be. to fulfil our responsibility in leadershiponly of prayer, not only of faith—theworld is teaching that, too—but I am One word more. Let us remember the in the Church, we should do something

thinking of the need, the sublime need, mothers of these men who are in the which will protect and build our bodies.

if I may use that term, of repentance missionary field and in the armed servThey are the tabernacles of the spirit, from the things of the world and the ices—for they are both the same—let and we should do everything we can to

turning away from the temptations that us remember these good women, and keep them clean and efficient.

afflict mankind. where they are bereft let us go out of No matter on what age level we are

We are in the Church of Jesus Christ our way to comfort their hearts. They living, we should have annually, a physof Latterday Saints because we desire have not given their own lives, but they ical examination; and then, under the

Weeternalcannotlife inhavethe thatcelestialkind ofkingdom.a life havelife itself,givenandthatwe whichowe it isto dearerthem, afterthan adviceup someandsimplecounselformof ofmedicalexercise,help,ortakeexunless we keep ourselves clean. It would the sacrifices they have made to bear perience in the open where we can keep

not make any difference who the man children, to surround them by the arms ourselves fit.

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SATURDAY EVENING reading will come to you and help, and bless you. of experience years out of Now, my

I that brethren of the many Too life suggestion the next sec with boy voos neg- I visit theas have Church about I it bearing to has a upon you, and knowI make opportunity, a result, thatlected and as capacity in priesthood leadership a our not only in their physical life and enjoyand other Church service.

obligations spiritual their inment, but this BadenPowell woncame From best. their doing are notthey Scouts, suggestion derful and M0WAYh to the Boy

opportunity the to have I happened it resulted It has to the world. he gave

brothers, of the to one meetonce Mayo to service real for in inspiration more

I the about question a him askedand I text that almost than any mankind his spiritrelationship of the and of man it this: of, is simply "Every and know

body.physical turn."a day do good

just ex- "I don't said to me, know He I feel referring that Please not do am to, refer but,"actly he and you what I talkthis to at boy; a moment am now

"I said, his beforeput and up hand me I that ing asking to every a day man. am

life thought often about wherehave spirit this servof as priesthood leaders da, fo foaf I if knife ends, abegins draw and and lives, that in ice forward our go we it spirit is tell begins to the hard where *SftB<"feel in action, doing gospel the might no Here's "Durkee's"how: mix is It flesh begins. or the endsand where act. simple, kindly some little with a water andall together."up wrapped glass the picking young up was split man onion, cover minced A

I brethren, testify myself, to can you let min15 in stand frankfurters; bottle milk of a near broken a home

Ithat of have a because stomach bad utes. in oven. moderate Bake of of California. a one member was He

I notsaid words. unkind am When the missions. stake from our woman A

fit, I atfeeling physically not been have has Durkee's 14spice sauce famous at him. looking mowas window The

efficiency. in in best, kindness andmy a lifesaver since been to cooks good at that she the he ment door knocked

I it tonight, to Rich, 1850! appeal golden, pours and from mellow, youSo my I in. said, not what you do "Come know easily has plenty and but I of I if I bodylife that bear testimony know sell, to in."but have come

... it plenty loves tang! of Everybody it, I strive at to day, everykeep as do

fish salads, on meat! sandwiches, or "I said: missionary stake young The fit, to physically myselfsomething keep for to free recipes Write Durkee invitation."this at surprised greatly wasI I helping give that myself so can am California. Berkeley Foods, 2, Famous In the a moment, however, woman Ibetter service, also susand more am

It's unralioned said, "I enlightened she saw him when spiritceptible inspiration to the of and help from on high. you gathering up the glass at the gate.

I know you can cite, and maybe you You are welcome in my home."A goshave in mind now, some of the great pel conversation was soon going forintellectual geniuses, some of the great ward.

spiritual characters not enwho have VURKEE'SFAMOUS It is Athesechild simpleor someonekindlyin youracts ownthat best of health. the count.joyed the But with

responsibility that is ours, I am sure that home may be in need. It is your motherwe can be more efficient if we sincerely who is away, and you write that letter, DRESSING

care for ourselves, every day in some for you haven't seen her for years.

way. Every day doing that good act somehow expands the heart, and we feel the

Another suggestion I make to you, things we teach. It is wrapped up in the

* and I am sure it will help us, is that life that is striving to practice what it every day we take one of our standard preaches, a radiation that men feel. So

works of the Church, or the work of I invite you in the future, every day, to some good commentator of gospel prindo some kindly act; put religion into

ciples, and read at least fifteen to thirty action.

minutes. It is this every day that counts, Finally, I suggest to you every day to NCtO

it isforming the habit; than worth more is at the pray here once—but hours'at time. reading onetwo some qualifying feel the prayer. leastclause—and responsibility the of leadhave If you that to I confess prayed I have you iUBlEing definite other a quorum or some times, into remany, I got many and when

ligious instruction work, try this method bed, under the covers, I have said:

of preparation. Read the text through, "Well, they were only words."TESTED AND

then a period of meditation, then read- I am very sincere about this, because PROVED IN ing again, the third so and and the the through of kindness I bear the Lord fifth fullerfourth brings reading and the BOTH THE ASK MOTHER, testimony to out of you that when my understanding. soul I have asked for a blessing, I have MIXING SHE KNOWS

We must go beyond the first impresfelt the glory and strength of prayer. BOWL AND

sions, deep into the heart of the text;

there we will find the real challenging TUfr brethren, these are my suggestions THE OVEN truth. * to you, born of experience, and I

I am reading now the New Testahumbly offer them to you. I know that

ment, and I am practicing as best I they will prove helpful.

can the very thing that I am trying to God help us to keep the tabernacles give you, and I am sure it will be helpof our spirit, and of his Spirit, clean and ful to you. And so I suggest that you fit. May he help us in studying his word

read every day fifteen to thirty minutes daily, that we may feed our souls. May

on some gospel theme. Get the habit, it we practice our glorious religion, and

will help you wonderfully; it will color feel daily the joy of service.

the whole day. Your meditations will be May God grant to us the daily exerupon the glorious things of our Heavencise of prayer, the yearning of a soul

ly Father. Then when the hour comes, crying for help, and praising God for his

and you ask for the inspiration of God, many blessings. This is my humble praythe Holy Ghost will quicken your memer, and I ask it in the name of Jesus

ory, and the beautiful things from your Christ. Amen. (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 CLABBER GIRL

The Favorite of Millions

GENERAL CONFERENCE

MARVIN O.

ASHTON O/ the Presiding Bishopric

Address delivered at the Saturday evening session of the 1 5th semiannual general confer"ence October 7, 1944, in the Tabernacle know of no one whom I would rather follow than Oscar Kirkham.

I I remarked to Bishop Wirthlin, who sat next to me tonight, as soon as I felt a little relaxation go through the audience a few moments ago, "There is a different feeling here tonight. We are

not under such a strain when we are not"'on the air.'Much has been said today about ION WHEEL TO STAINLESS STEEL prayer,ing theincludlast

A Glance into the Past... and the Future few remarks

of Brother

I Kirkham's.

years so covered ago, Lincoln to Not wagons and many Kansas Omaha O. City—first ASHTON MARVIN never have their snailed miles streamline train service. to enter regular way Westward—fifteen about bragged this day. April, per Against of weary In trains 1935, background twin inaugurated

is I there do, but if praying much travel, era, tedious the Burlington service Zephyr St. how between Chicago and

I fervently, pray pray, and time do any just ago, years in which ten stands began daily since June, ZephyrPaulMinneapolis—twice it is conference you during time-—and relief. striking 1935. In Burlington 1936, May, Zephyrs

established the first regular overnight know why.

When the Pioneer Zephyr, America's first service (16 hours) between Chicago and I thought President McKay had some

Dieselpowered, streamline train, made its Denver. inspiration when he used to announce

recordbreaking, nonstop speed run from the speaker, and then say who was to

Denver to Chicago in May, 1934, it was Today, the Burlington has fourteen stainfollow. As far as I am concerned, if

telling America that a new day—a Z day less steel Zephyrs and a fleet of fine steam he wanted to say who was on deck as

in railroad transportation was trains serving America the third one up, I would say he had at hand. It made that 1015carrying more passengers still more inspiration. I do not know

mile run in only 13 hours and than ever before in Burlingif anybody has had the courage to tell 5 minutes—an average of ton history. it to him, but I am telling it to him right 77.61 miles per hour—a recnow.

question To the "What's eclipsed only ord by a bigger into his of out window one looks As for the railroads?"direcahead opposite in the Zephyr things to critisees today, he we the world

to point the progress of the later. tion years two Burlington critiif to persons cize, please, you and

past years ten assurwith the It not before. does cize did as never he i the Day, 1934, On Armistice will there that ance equally be tell intelligence to what very take much Pioneer, all"of 'em "Daddy dramatic in advancement there, here, the is world, the the with matter its daily trip began round run peacetime years to come. and everywhere. Brother Kirkham has

AN ESSENTIAL LINK IN TRANSCONTINENTAL TRANSPORTATION givenin life.youI wouldfour ruleslikeoftogoodgive procedureyou two

which I am sure will "dovetail"into his sound advice. First, now is the time

when we ought to say our prayers ferThis best seller is a permanent addition to your library vently; second, now is the time to do our

own thinking. I say that with as much

fervor as I know how to say it.

Tonight as I speak I would like to free. feel to speak perfectly I am going

I that to speak, GOSPEL STANDARDS as and trust would like

By President Heber J. Grant I will be understood. It will be a kindness of you who are here if you will

take what I say in the spirit it is given.

On sale by book dealers everywhere I trust that what I say will be tempered with good judgment so that I will not $2.25 be embarrassed, nor embarrass the good

brethren I love.

(Continued on page 714) 712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MORE

,v r,. ILLION n

/ \ A for continuing improvements in 1945 a Uf means there are jobs waiting For the t 2077 Rio Grande men now in the rTyE3=VsArmed Forces x

I

r - EI ectronics M Weigh* NletaljL Plastics i-ch

JSSG&SS. 1 OPERA TION CENTRALIZED TRAFFIC CONTROL first among all railroads in main—line operated by this modern dispatching method

Increased yard facilities at principal t'11 $. terminals

More than 10,000 efficient, courteous employees EQUIPMENT MODERN MOTIVE POWER six million 'dollars in new dieselelectric freight locomotives Rolling Stock—3,839 new freight cars

all types placed in service since 1935

PHYSICAL PLANT HEAVY DUTY HIGHSPEED ROADWAY 311 miles new rail in last 5 years

New freight and passenger stations

Our own modern telephone, telegraph and teletype system Time - saving offtrack construction and maintenanceof-way equipment

NOVEMBER, 1944 713 GENERAL CONFERENCE

MARVIN O. ASHTON

IW1 {Continued from page 712) Someone who has been championing very fervently the Word of Wisdom and I mean championing—made this rehis I shall give day. other you the mark

if it fit % % wouldn't "I words, exact wonder 'I let to for a us thing up be a good now Is Ja0 Irfrr* little on the Word of Wisdom and i honesty."& T-f\ preach

$%.#"Now don't get excited; let's stay with

the Word of Wisdom. As I go about

the Church from stake to stake, if there is anything for which I take off my coat and for which I unmercifully fight, it is the Word of Wisdom. I won't say

let us let up on the Word of Wisdom, but this observation relative to oldfashioned integrity sticks to me!

I suppose there never was a time

IfJgN when we gave more thought to our diet.

We want it to be balanced. We want

it to have the right calories. I suppose

it is very important that our diet be well balanced, that in what we eat, there

Between the covers of this book is the story back of the story shall be the different elements to take care of the different needs of the body, of Joseph Smith—The Latter Day Prophet. Here is the factual for energy, heat, and tissue. If a person

doesn't get a proper diet, he may die of basis for all of his unique claims you have been awaiting partial starvation or what they choose and need to know. topersoncall mayit thesestuff dayshimselfmalnutrition.with potatoes,A

but if this were his only diet, he would

To fully understand "the why"of Joseph Smith and Mormonism the story should soon be in bad shape.

begin, not with him in 1805, but 4000 years ago with his literal ancestors, Abraham, I remember in Scotland when I was

Isaac, Jacob, Joseph and Ephraim. The recorded promises of God to them and their on a mission, I stood at the corner one

descendants give a perfectly logical basis for every claim of divine power and priestday and saw one of their public schools hood leadership made by Joseph Smith and the church he established. True history let out for noon recess. I saw many a

and scripture studied in the light of this key, fully vindicates all the prophets of God, little child hobble along the streets with both ancient and modern. his little legs so bowed that a goodsized

Over one hundred years ago (Sept. 15, 1842) Joseph Smith recorded this predicpig could run straight through without

tion, "'Surely facts are stubborn things.'It will be as it ever has been, the world touching either leg. What was the

will prove Joseph Smith a true prophet by circumstancial evidence, as they did trouble? Partial starvation. Tea and

Moses...."Today that is exactly what is happening and a growing, vital faith in cookies and cookies and tea! Does our

our L. D. S. claims to priesthood leadership, temple work, the gathering of Israel, etc., thinking, because it is not balanced propcan be obtained by a careful study of our marvelous racial and historical backerly, sometimes suffer in the same way?

ground. Many outstanding Bible study leaders who know little or nothing about In plain American English—is our thinkJoseph Smith and Mormonism are now teaching the "stubborn facts"of history and ing bowlegged? Or to be more frank,

scripture that abundantly prove him to be a true prophet of God, exactly as he predo some of us get on the horse of tithing dicted they would. (See pages 244372.) and ride it to death? Do some of us sit

astride the genealogy steed and ride it

Would you like actual, historical proof that God has kept his promises to your till its tongue hangs out? Do some of us

fathers and to all the prophets, including Joseph Smith? ride the toelfave pony until it is covered

with lather? Do some of us think of

Would you like the answer to hundreds of gospel study questions that have nothing but the Word of Wisdom, or never been fully answered for you before? prayer, and forget the other things neWould a "key"to history and scripture which unlocks "the larger truths"help you. cessary to make a real citizen and, if

you please, a real Latterday Saint?

SEND FOR THE NEW EDITION NOW. THE IDEAL XMAS GIFT FOR EVERY Brigham Young said at the time of the

LATTERDAY SAINT. Indian wars, "Brethren, say your prayMHHIUIIiUHIIIIIIIinUMMIIIIIMIHNIIIHIIIIIHIIIIIIIINinUnilllMHNHIIinnnilHIMIIIMinilNUIIIIIIIIIHIIUUMUIIIIMHIIMIinUIIIIIIilllllHIIMnililMnllllinitHUIIIIIIHINnillMIMKIHU:(CUT HERE AND MAIL TODAY) ers, but keep your powder dry!"Could

thinkthrough pig run a goodsized our

I Publisher EARL HARMER, W.

either In leg? without touching other 945 So. East, Salt 7th Lake City 4, Utah ing

Please send the books checked below postpaid. | words, do we "strain at gnats and swalGOD'S COVENANT RACE 52.00 low camels"? Do we think bowlegged?

By James H. Anderson 1

$2.00 1 PIONEERS THE STORY OF THE MORMON there that is anything has Tf the Lord Mabel Harmer By | A lives, held it is that important in our $3.00 VALIANT ONE WHO WAS

(The home life of Brigham Young) By Clarissa Young Spencer we be honest. Nothing in history has

Check or money order enclosed Send C.O.D. = been awarded with much greater punishment than dishonesty. To illustrate:

Name.... The story of Ananias and Sapphira.

Address Things were held in common. As a

Your orders will receive prompt attention. member of the Church would sell his

{Continued on page 716) 714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Union Pacific takes this occasion to

.. pay tribute to the Mormon people

to the fighters and homefront workers... for their patriotic spirit and invaluable contribution to the Allied cause.

UNION PACIFIC RAILRDAD

NOVEMBER, 1944 715 MARVIN O. ASHTON GENERAL CONFERENCE

(Continued from page 714) property, he would turn in all the money had the gall to go to his quorum meeting to a be pretending mornings Sunday storehouse. or fund this to commonASKEP of visiting in one Saint! ago Sometime together connived Sapphira and Ananias

I people found conferences, stake the of reputation the have that they would had pensions enjoying oldage who the have all yet would their and giving DISC VERS their son to over their property turned the money. of retaining of some pleasure

for eligible oldto in order sons be or as Ananias, Peter, confronted by When their last farm year pension, and age repcounter, the his cash on he put

I apples of worth $10,000.00 producedMORMONISM all. Well, that to was Peter resented I'm thinking, people, these whose ask reprimand a short. As story the was is CHRISWhat THE ESSENCE malnutrition, OF is suffering sure, from out carried him they heavens, the from important even they in heaven do of kind what God TIANITY—more later, so Sapor hour man. a dead An could the are the worshiping than think ordinances? who they law and did happened, what phira, not knowing

all that? at smile look and down husband. as her lying of job as a good full for directions give youCan I father remember boy, as ago, a Years dead woman. out carried a She was his RECEIVING REVELATION? to to the market buy always went the lesson. quite a this Now, Well, was

is the load. the That way hay by wagon wasSapphira Ananias of and thinking ourselves can make LOVE weHow If bulk. in sold, farmer a the hay was In inconsistent. n't were balanced. They Is our neighbor our and God? to water unscrupulous enough add were were people these good other words, this or turn something can on we sold, might the he to before was hay thinking bowlegged. off like faucet? it. a this parof get farmer with away Ait

illusis that nothing there Probably call into out ticular to kind heard wasWhy was the LAW OF SACRIFICE trates what I am trying to emphasize the yard, "John, put another dozen given? Did it really please God better than the length to which people buckets of water on the hay and come

relief the to get these on are going days to fellow animals; or properly burn prayers."was as poor to That

I I treading rolls. know am Now, straight. the are Neither thinking on innot sacrifice taught, does have some if I get especially ground, dangerous get our of Church on members who potency tremendous use can we pensions. oldage the into of realm the false pretenses! rolls relief under these

carefully today? very to observe going I am poet, put it the Scotch Burns, Bobby

civil- I step make. every watch and A aptly, independent of very "The manHow its attitude toward can you make a HOLY ization is marked by a'that."at laughs looks and mind

it PLACE? of never be said aged. the me May

Why must we BELIEVE? How can thatknow,I wasn'tafter allthoughtfulwe are ofallthegoingold. toYoube folks,"Consistency,while our missionariesthou art a jewel!"are outYes,in

we believe that which we do not old some day or die in the attempt! the world, trying to bring honest souls

understand? How could the That which we mete out to the old into the Church, some of us at home are

this thinking. they of doing kind While out to us. meted be worlds sometime created have been by may We milk, at pail of a we, are giving good faconcerned our about most should be ourselves faith? Can make we it over! kicking are do home, What thers mothers, grandfathers our and and believe? rest us the of think of people when we think the of I often our grandmothers.

How can a man REPENT? Can man story in the old reader of the grandare so inconsistent?

the ate in of corner a dark father who his change nature that he has

I rest a stake ago of went to the the too long kitchen while by himself "NJot building? been ages better at of the family six a "* partook of consisting food wards, where we

table. refifty families about wellspread son on young The found one hundred is omnipotent,If God was why man

five of of whitlief, four or seen years this age notwithstanding was was more first perfect not in the made tling father boards. on business augagricultural some with area away The an

place? we have war, Why do inquisitive: "Johnnie, of the lad was mented by war industries,—peaches, crime, misery, ignorance quesare doing?"and what other crops accordingyou came the $3.00 a bushel,

poverty? Why such a mess of tion. The answer came quickly, "Dad, ly—this was the condition we found. It

things? I am making a trough for you so when seems to us that often no consideration

I get to be a man, it will be all ready!"is given from where the money comes or

DO THESE QUESTIONS EVER When our legislature passed the oldhow long the government can stand

TROUBLE YOU? You will find age pension, they wanted to be kind such a strain. The only thing in which

answers interestingly and inspiand were probably justified in their acthey are interested is self, or in other rationally given as a skeptic distion,size isbutthethemisrepresentationpoint I am trying tothatemphasome words,devil, but"TheI amgovernmentgoing to getcan mine!"go to theIs

covered them in A SKEPTIC of our people stoop to, even those over this the stuff that built up America? Is

DISCOVERS MORMONISM. sixtyfive, and for that matter, before this the mettle that killed the snakes and

rose? the as desert blossom a made this free are get sixtyfive!—to of the best missionaryOne books theymoney. are of them downright Some It is of oftentimes question a degree of the day. dishonest. it plainly, put they are To far into these should go we—how eligible for in the membership "Ananias things. us, the of as Let members for $2.00 postpaid Sent and illustrate Sapphira Club."Let me fair to use Church, one be another—to

what I mean: the rough expression—let's not pass the

it kills us!

others as TIMBERLINE RIGGS foundSometimeseven agopeoplein anwithinvestigationrather sacredwe buck!The troubleLet's faceis notthealonetruthwithif

Overton, Nevada Church responsibilities, with compensait is with ourselves. Let's be frank and

D$ tion, where they were getting oldage diagnose our own case and we will get Enclosed Check or money order pensionstioned. Theyas wellwere ashidingthe thesalaryfacts menfrom betterby evadingthat themuchtruth.quickerSometimethan weago,willin Q Please send C.O.D. those who should know. Sometime ago visiting a stake, I took occasion to read

reports at the for us discovered working hard much a man showing how Name we office getting liquor in that stake. the salary us our from and was consumed A

Address. an oldage pension at the same time, member of the stake presidency was inand yet that brother, I am sorry to say, dignant at the figures and refuted some716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY EVENING they watched that the number was the sociate with a bunch like this, this is same in each pen, but into this pen of where we must say goodbye."Yes, if

the culls, they put the pet lamb with the we would say goodbye to some of these thing like this: "We would have Brothblue ribbon around his neck. Now, it fellows who are supposed to be our pets,

er Ashton understand that the only readoesn't take much reasoning to follow we would make this a better America!

son so much liquor is consumed in our the philosophy of such a wonderful diSome of our citizens are hanging on stake is that we have so many hunters vision of the father's assets. Now, they to what they can get like bloodsuckers!

coming from Salt Lake."Brothers and said to their weakminded brother, "WilIt isn't a question of "what should I give

sisters, If let's the ourselves. fool not I to can country,"lie, but pick."Willie did take "how much your my may you

it. fits let's us,shoe wear is getting fellow other her?"bleed just they exactly "The what thought—he like that horse are a Sometimes we I his, get to going mine!"for beeline the wherein pen am a made

leftisn't pull bridlewise, the when we children teach us Let honesty! his pet our the of pride bleated heart—his leftrein, the to goes the headlong horse in, that gate, Lincoln found the rushed Abraham lamb. opened He When

if rein, pull right the goes heand we logs, crevice in his the the of his damaged pet book lamb around and arms put

I right. the time toheadlong had One little this, to like the to run and did he not dear need said something owner "My

little the us in that over tippeda mare rails,"split will in that "I say, long friends while. up a been make have lamb, we

ditch bridlewise. she wasn't because shortage but called found did! a he he have and and you come I have When

it is the that of part sad menAnd who I five tea, to affection for or of did not of he have you, because have walk my officeshold public should and know I it right, forgiven, ten miles to neck. to blue around ribbon your be put a make

better, this careless even encourage nine lad of as the fold I loved you, loved one of no he was a but he did. When

findhandling of the we truth. When asdear, added, he page) (Continued next you when on "my

if are, of fellows kind theyout what we but,"would just kiss them goodbye, we'd be wise.

If you think I am trying to talk politics tonight, you are sadly mistaken. I

have enough to answer for without that.

I thought Brother Bennion was very brave today. asbrave not be I would blast

it all right. A thunderingas he, but he got with away

I am not talking politics. I did not say

a Democrat was honest, and a Republican was not, or vice versa. I am going to at our national phobiaskeep right out of that. What I am trying to do is to talk honesty. The sad

part of it is that these fellows in office, A fighting book that fights with it or or ago,whether two years be now facts. A brilliant and devastating hence,four years or wish whatever you

to call it, pretend to be our friends, and broadside aimed at the fears that they forget all about honesty what is. obsess our national life: like that kiss a fellow you getWhen

him goodbye, but do it as quickly as you possibly can. 1. Fear of entangling alliances

2. Fear of England and Russia

'Vears ago a contractor told me a

A story, along this line, that I shall 3. Fear of idealism

never forget. It may have its application 4. Fear of revolution

right here. The assets of a ranger were

largely his sheep. The old gentleman The Senator from Utah makes

had three sons, one of whom was supposed to be one of those fellows who vividly clear that all four fears are was not too bright. The rancher died, baseless and dangerous... that to

and the thing now to do was to divide the estate which, as stated, was largely attain the Four Freedoms we must sheep. connived older boys two The

together. abide would by the first eliminate the four fears. They

wishes of their father before his death, Loaded with cold logic and horse and yet very decidedly they wanted the best of the bargain and pooled their insense, THE FOUR FEARS is a clearterests against their simple young brotheyed analysis of our muddled world er. As the sheep were to be divided, they

thought they would make three pens, outlook... a powerful antidote to

putting sheep. of the in each pen a third

little this fellow was cynicism and defeatism. $2.00By the way, who

thought not to be too bright had a pet sheep that, like Mary's little lamb, its fleece was white as snow and every where the boy went, this lamb was sure to go. He loved it very dearly. He

thought so much of it that he decorated it with a blue ribbon. He fondled it FOUR FEA

and caressed it. Now, the two older by Senator Elbert D. Thomas

boys thought they would capitalize on the love of the boy for the animal. They AT YOUR LOCAL BOOKSELLER OR DIRECTLY FROM V* a V

center Into accordingly. theproceeded Publishing Company jf| | three conZiff-Davis they penspen of these had "11, ILLINOIS AVENUE, CHICAGO 540 NORTH MICHIGAN *ostructed, sheep, of the dividing the with CC? '/VG'

they put all the gummers, all the runts and all the scabby sheep. Of course,

NOVEMBER, 1944 717 GENERAL CONFERENCE THESE ARE 10 MARVIN O. ASHTON

or ten, his mother put her arms around WINTER CAR CARE MUSTS him and said, "Abe, leave that stuff alone"whisky. When he was elected

i. president of the United States, he could

have had champagne, but he put a big pitcher of water—Adam's ale—on the

table as much as to say, "If you don't like that, you can lump it."In other

words, the seeds of his mother's teachRadiator flushed, supplied with Fan Belt inspected, replaced if ing bore good fruit.

antifreeze. necessary. Let's start early. The python egg is

as innocent looking as an hen's egg, but out of it comes the reptile that grows as big as your leg and hangs from the first tree and strangles its victim, whether it be man or beast. Ler's crash the.

egg of dishonesty before it hatches!

Connections Hose checked, rein clos- I just to say this want Crankcase drained, flushed, re- "VTow, if necessary. placed filled. *"ing. very Bishop Richards was

frank today in telling what some of our young people are doing. It comes to me

from many directions that sometimes young people think that so long as they do not drink tea or coffee, nor smoke, they can get away with anything. Some

of the soldier boys say some of them will

Oil Filter and Air Cleaner checked. Specialized Chassis Lubication. not do some of these things, but "we

can get what we want."That is a bad

situation. Am I too frank? I am going

8. to say what I have said before: I do

not want my children to drink tea nor coffee, but I would rather have them take a bath three times a day in coffee and lap it up as they swim in it than to "Transmission and Differential luTires checked, switched, recapped lie! To repeat, the Lord expressed himbrication. if necessary. self along this line very emphatically.

The occasion I have mentioned: He

10. Ananiaswas in favorfamily.of a Youdoublecannotfuneraldo inverythe

much with a liar. The Lord won't have

him, and if I were the devil I would not have him either, because I would be afraid of being doublecrossed.

Battery tested, recharged, replaced Heater, Spark Plugs, Lights May the Lord help us to be consistif necessary. checked. ent. May he help us to think straight.

Let's remember that "an honest man is the noblest work of God."The closing

let us Help Keip Your Cur remarks of President Grant's message to us at this conference pleaded with us to

In Proper Trim think soundly. May the Lord help us

to be consistent in our thinking, I ask

Utah Oil Refining Company Stations and Dealers in Its Products in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JOSEPH F. SMITH

{Continued from page 677)

means, father in the word and any AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL ally, a paternal ruler. That is what the

priestthe higher Church who holds

SINCE 1853 hood, may, in the authority of that priesthood, give unto his child a blessing, and that is a patriarchal blessing,

THERE'S A REASON—in that it is a father's blessing. LEVI'S But according to the ruling of the

Others can't imitate LEVI'S! Church, that blessing is not to be

recorded as having come from an ordained patriarch, because it does not patriarch. ordained come from an The PAIR FREE NEW LEVI STRAUSS. A business lineage declaring of giving and IF RIP THEY patriarchal blessings, these blessings

NON- * is given ordained patrione a by who scratch CONGEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS arch; that is the privilege of the ordained

patriarch. Such blessings are recorded

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SATURDAY EVENING Medes and Persians. There are and mendation for that exception should be

have been a few cases that have come made very, very carefully, and bishops and kept in the Church historian's to my attention where persons have and stake presidents should exercise library. received patriarchal blessings when they care in that regard. If the bishop and

were very young, and where they have the stake president concerned, after "Phere are some who would like to felt that the blessings have been mostly careful and very thorough considerahave more than one patriarchal fulfilled, and they would like another tion, feel that conditions warrant it, they blessing. In the early days of the Church patriarchal blessing. may issue a signed recommendation to

many people received many patriarchal The advice of the First Presidency their patriarch to give an additional blessings, or at least blessings by patriand the Council of the Twelve is to the patriarchal blessing to the person recarchs. The First Presidency and Couneffect that under normal circumstances ommended. In such rare cases, where

cil of the Twelve have advised that one one person should receive one patrithe lineage has already been declared, person receive one patriarchal blessing. archal blessing. I think that wherever there is no need, of course, for repetiNow, that is not one of the laws of the there is to be an exception, the recomtion. (Continued on next p&gt)

[MIES iklili MM1

A Little Pearl Oil CHASSIS GREASE PROTECTS BEARINGS

Makes Mopping Easier able to see not be it, but You may AGAINST SHOCKS, WATER AND GRIT less there or grease is always more on a dirty floor. This grease acts The spring shackle bearings on your truck are pounded by road shocks

as a binder and makes it difficult as many as 800 times every minute the truck rolls. Other chassis bearto wipe up dirt with ordinary mopings are constantly twisted and jolted, too. On tractors they take fewer,

ping water and soap. but more severe bumps.

as teaspoonful a As little of Itady Lube Charts Make withThesedust shockand dampness,loads, combinedwill soon Oil in Pearl bucket a of soapy sufficient usually is water SPLINE SHAFT Easier Greasing to cut Tractor

RELEASE SHAFT, CLUTCH tumiiumimsmaumumma

LINK CRAG to miss a hidden easy It's mighty

ROD-, TIE TEASPOON OF PEARL OIL tractor. fitting PIN\ KINS a grease on You

IN MOP WATER won't have to take chances or waste time looking for fittings

BOLT 5PRING Tractor Standard with a free

SHACKLESADDLE in sight. Lubrication Guide

SHAFT SPRINGBRAKESPRING CROSS It\N<AND Lubrication Tractor Standard PINS SHOE HAND BRAKE

Guides are available for latepro- SHOCKPEDALAB50RBERBEARINGSLINK.

duction popular makes and models. On drawings of various tractor ruin chassis bearings if they are

sections, they show all grease and not properly protected. To provide

oil points and specify the lubrithe best protection, lubricate regto complete cant use. They give ularly and correctly with RPM

oil information, including service Grease. Chassis

and air filter service methods. It provides a tough, resilient

of for each your one Order squeeze film that late lubricant won't the grease binder save and you tractors. availare model (None absorbs wear, out. It reduces extra scrubbing. rubbing and older able for models.) grit vibration, seals water out and all Pearl in Oil of Use types

kerosene - burning appliances as and guards against corcleaning. well as for Its steady, Tractor Lubrication Guide recommendedrosion. Lubricateinterat whitehot after flame burns hour

hour without creeping. This asvals, oftener under sesures an even, hot temperature vere conditions. Ask

makes it safe to use. your Standard man for

information.

Check Fuel Barrels—Seal Water Gaskets with

Prevent Water Leakage Waterproof Grease

Water, caught by the rims on barTo insure against leaks when rerels, will often follow the threads placing waterpumping-plant of "tight"bungs and get into fuel. gaskets, smear both the gasket

With the wet season here, make and the flanges with RPM Watersure your Standard Diesel Fuel proof Grease. Use it also to lubridoesn't become contaminated. cate greasetype water pumps on

Test barrel bungs for tightness. automobiles, trucks and tractors.

Then, lay them on their sides with RPM Waterproof Grease is not the bungs up. Store affected by hot or cold water.

under a shed or other cover when possible. STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA

NOVEMBER, 1944 719.

JOSEPH F. SMITH GENERAL CONFERENCE

is blessing patriarchal A are, a very of let us they them, teach them what ** thing. personal zealous Sometimes let into desire to get a us instill them

teachers in auxiliary organizations them.

develop enthusiasm in classes for patri- I think one of the biggest thrills that archal blessings, and there have been I have had was a few weeks ago. One

cases where whole classes have gone to day on my appointment sheet I read receive their patriarchal blessings at one merely "appointment."There was no

time. This, brethren, better would be name. that I asked who my secretary

It is avoided. commendable, the part on rather something was, and she mumbled

of teachers of children, to talk about inarticulately. At the appointed hour,

patriarchal blessings, to explain the immy little nineyear-old boy came into portance their of value, and them but office, all over. his beaming my On the it, if individual himself, he wants initiative his to bishgone he had own

first should his obtain proper recomthe president the stake of op and and mendation, and then make his own aphe brought me his recommendation to pointment with the patriarch, and havhave his daddy give him a patriarchal ing received that blessing he should hold blessing.

it It is sacred. not thing a to be pub- I acknowledge weakness; many my

it lished; is for not see; to everybody I it times utter of a day deaware am my

is for his for his comfort, strengthening.

I pendence upon our Father in heaven.

It is his blessing. ask you, brethren for sustainyour my

Every one of you who has had a paing prayers. I bespeak for every patritriarchal blessing probably has a testiarch in the Church the prayers of our

mony about it, and almost daily one of brethren.

the great joys that comes to me—as it God give us vision in these times does to every patriarch—and also one when nations are being sacrificed upon

of the terrifying things about the posithe altar of unrighteousness. Give us

tion, is the testimonies of persons who the power to see and the strength to do, have received patriarchal blessings. I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

Let us teach our children the value Amen.

DAVID O. McKAY

Of the First Presidency Address delivered at the Saturday does not believe in smoking. Why is she

Soaks clothes WHITER eveningsemiannualsessiongeneralof theconfer-l\5th appointedclass?"to teach a Sunday School

ence October 7, 1944, in "Well,"said the Mormon girl, "you the Tabernacle smoke."

"I know, but I am not teaching."

the leaders in stakes, in wards, When that young girl was asked to Leaves no rings on Toand in quorums of the Church, I teach a Sunday School class I think is present some bishop slipped! Young men and dishpan or washtub wish to say that there

need for the putting forth of greater young women whom we appoint to effort than ever before to teach the teach our children should be asked

Word of Wisdom. The man or woman specific questions regarding their attiwho keeps the Word of Wisdom is tude toward the standards of the

true to himself or herself. The man who Church. I should not like to have any

is honest with his God in paying his little grandchild of mine sit in a class girl listen to a or any Keeps baby things withtithes hisandfellowofferingsmen. is Theusuallymanhonestwho teachSundaythemorningWord andof Wisdom,

be is one who should then other principle of the gospel, and children, and leadimmaculate speakschosen totheteachtruthyour teacher see her that grandchild have

LOTS OF erscarefulin stakesthan everand towardssee thatshouldthe teachersbe more thesmokingresponsibilitya cigaret.ofAteaching,girl whoandacceptswho

SUDS inareourmenauxiliarieswho are trueand toin themselves,our quorumsto indulgesguilty of inhypocrisy,smoking dishonestyand drinkingof theis.EVEN IN the Church, and to their God. worst kind.

You know that too many of our girls Jean Val Jean as Monsieur l'Mayor today are indulging in nicotine. Designyou will remember in that great work of

ing men, by attractive, insidious adverVictor Hugo's ( Les Miserables )—came

tising, are leading youth astray. Reone day upon some laborers who were

cently (and that is just a few weeks very busy pulling up nettles. The netago) several young girls, some of whom tles were lying there—thrown out to die.

are members of the Church, were playThe great leader picked up one and ing cards, and nearly all of those present said: "This is dead, but it would be

were smoking. One of the girls who well if we knew how to put it to some

.. herself was smoking, said during the use. When the nettle is young the leaveswe orrER

A COMPLETE game while a cigaret was in her hand: make excellent greens, even when old it

SERVICE ENGRAVING fibers to I begin teach like filaments has a Sunand "Next Sunday and hemp

Missionary From flax. reclass. into going nettle the School from Portraits to the Largest day is worth Cloth made I am Catalogues

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention ligion!"as much as that made from hemp.

A Catholic girl who spoke to a MorChopped up, the nettle is good for CO. ENGRAVING UTAH it is good for horned

St. 113 Regent Utah mon girl who was not smoking, said: poultry; pounded, Salt Lake City,

"I do not understand that. Your Church cattle."

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY EVENING

He named some other uses and added, little the pains take a would "If we nettle neglect it and be useful; would we Add THESE to YOUR Library

it becomes harmful, then we kill it."

He then paused and said: "How OF

much men are like nettles! My friends,

this, there that are bad no remember are only there men; herbs and no bad BOOKS THAT UNFOLD THE SPIRIT

cultivators!"bad DF THE I think the man or woman who stands

before a class to teach the standards of the Church who himself or herself does not live up to those standards is a "bad RESTORED GOSPEL cultivator."

Bishops, hesitate the do not to ask $3.00 1. JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET to men and choose you women whom biography new A complete, teach children our the following questions direct: By PRESTON NIBLEY

the authorities you support Can of 2. JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN PROPHET

the Church? Are you with in harmony S3.00 the bishopric? With the stake presiThe Prophet sustained with power. dency? the general authorities?

Do you keep the Word of Wisdom By JOHN HENRY EVANS in are society, when out you $1.50 on the 3. JOSEPH, THE PROPHET street, or wherever are? you he lives in the hearts of his people. As

tithing? your pay Do you

Do you keep the Sabbath day holy? Written by one who loves him for all who love him.

Are you honest in your dealings with By DR. DARYL CHASE

your fellow men? 4. TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH not hesitate Do to put these and other pertinent questions directly to teachers, SMITH $2.00

when you call them. Appeal to them You know the Prophet when you know what he taught.

and try to make them realize that to be By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH a teacher a is to be leader, a $2.50 copartner 5. PRESIDENTS THE OF CHURCH with in the Creator souls. moulding

of leaders A study of the the restored Church The thought behind the following lines is worthy of a better dress than the By PRESTON NIBLEY author has put upon it 6. THE HOLY GHOST $2.00

The sculptor may chip the marble block, An important subject thoroughly treated

The painter a blot erase, By OSCAR W. McCONKIE

But the teacher who wounds a little child May never his fault efface. 7. CHRISTIANITY THROUGH THE

$2.00 CENTURIES

realize then, indifferent one. To understand the churches of the Christian world, read this book In moulding a plastic soul

The blight you cause, the scar you make By DR. DARYL CHASE

May meet you at Judgment's Roll. 8. ARTICLES OF FAITH 85

God help us as teachers and leaders An illuminating explanation of the doctrines of the restored Church to set worthy examples to our children, By DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

1 pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

Amen 9. JESUS THE CHRIST $2.00

A neverending inspiration By DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

J. REUBEN 10. GOSPEL STANDARDS $2.25

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT CLARK, JR. Forthright, direct, faithpromoting

list? Of the First Presidency There are scores of others. May we send our price

MAIL THE COUPONr Address delivered at the Saturday evening session o/ the l\5th semiannual general conferDESERET BOOK COMPANY

East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 in 44 7, 1944, ence October

the Tabernacle Salt Lake City 10, Utah "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE ENTERMOUNTAIN WEST"{ Brethren: I shall not detain Please send me books numbered above as follows: (Here list by

you. I arise from a sense of duty numbers the books desired)

because and President McKay Name.. to do so. meMhas asked

Some four years ago I was down in Address attending meetCity Oklahoma a Scout

Enclosed find $ ing. pretty strong doctrine I gave some

for that group regarding the teaching In Utah please add 2% sales tax.

(Continued on next page) NOVEMBER, 1944 721

GENERAL CONFERENCE NOW AVAILABLE

J. REUBEN CLARK. JR.

of youth, and up the principle I summed edition of of in a A new behind some my observations sentence reading somewhat like this:

, "Youth will not hearken to a sinning GRAND WAYS crying repentance."I still stand by man Gospel that observation. TO DRESS UP I would like to say just a word or

last that subject a on on two MEATLESS'MEALS I talk that about conference and I maytouched Standards I if shall other conference again at some Old faSUPREME! BEANS BAKED

the you. I refer to with to spared be be in important flavor. vorite, by President Heber J. Grant new Now

your meals. Put zest in with Mapleine. question of unity, and I will make my

Makes them tastier. Use in "your own observations brief and as pointed as I|; make "or in the canned kind may. A book to own—to read

Brethren: If this Church is to grow CHICKEN LIVERS WITH RICE! There'll as the Lord wants it to grow, if the—to send away.

be cheers for this, especially if you people are to become as righteous in pep up the flavor with Mapleine and their living as the Lord wants them to a touch of curry while sauteing them. become, there must be unity in this

MEAT PIE TREAT! Makes meatleftChurch. It will not do for presidents of

I overs go a long, long way! Mapleine stakes or for bishops or for heads of

I s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-s the meat flavor.You'll auxiliary organizations to chart their

never guess there's little meat. own course. If we are to move forward

we must move together. I loathe war so

much that I hate to use any illustration in connection with it, but I do call your attention to this fact, of which we are all sensible in these times, that there $ Discover Mapleine, the could be no successful campaign by a extrahelp flavor in wartime. series of armies if they did not act in

Helps you pep up many a unity. If every general "went off on

dishes, in meal. main Grand his there sucnever a be own,"would

it's sugar. with for only sweet

operation. cessful

full flavor the of Brings out in for adminisunity so much Now, spices. chocoBoosts meat,

I like just tration. to a say word would

itlate flavor, too. Grand by

history in faith. unity about whole The dainties.Get selfin desserts, a

bottle fromyour grocer now. of the world shows that nations have

gone into decay and have fallen because

President Heber trouble, internal dissension, internal of of "GospelI. GrantStandards"autographing a copy rottenness. internal church, speakThe

of in general our Church terms—not IMITATION MAPLE seller, best This Church Foes same experience. had the FLAVOR ing—has 73U'S*t>tarWeUt Via*** i*. 70<vttitef. church's not the without from were edition in its eleventh now

it undoing, those were within. was who

brethren, to say and I is an essential volume in to you I want am not professing any spirit of seership every library and on everythe Book of Books or prophecy, I am only going on the one's reading list.

lessons which history has taught me, is the Gift but I tell you we are beginning to follow Here is a book that conalong the course of the early Christian tains the essence of the life of Gifts as that long church church. So was teachings of the President

it without, prospered, persecuted from but when it began to be polluted from of the Church—a message

within, the church began to wither. of our times to our generaThere is creeping into our midst, and I tion.

warn you brethren about it, and I urge you to meet it, a great host of sectarian $2.25 a copy

doctrines that have no place amongst us. The gospel in its simplicity, is to be Available at bookdealers

found in the revelations, the teachings everywhere of the Prophet and the early leaders of the mistake Church. no make We shall

shall misAn "Improvement Era"follow them. make if we We

to to try apostasy some of them, if we beliefs simple our the with—National bibles harmonizetakes, and we shall lead our youth, or Publication

Since 18G3 At Your Bookstore philosophy and the speculations of sec- (Note: Also ask for "In the Gospel

tarian doctrines. When you can hear in Net"by Dr. John A. Widtsoe—a

our Sunday Schools in some of our most stirring, life narrative, more thrillprominent wards, not need do that we ing than fiction—Gift copies about or think to worry much Don't miss much

Gospel IN the NET thinkabout verythe firstmuchvision,aboutwethedoatoningnot needsacto $1.25 each.)

John A. Widtsoe by Dr.

is a mystery; rifice of Christ—that Everywhere On Sale at 3ookdealers

(Continued on page 724): iniji. we 7 5f * * if * * * =

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

!t\

,r

The root of prosperous agriculture in the west

Come peace or war, come high prices or low, there is no substitute on western irrigated farms for sugar beets. They are the leading crop for high average Use the sugar

from your own return, dependable cash income, fitness in a sound beers.

rotation program, and yield in total food values... %

including sugar and byproducts. Farmers who grow

sugar beets with unfailing regularity are generally tHi ter farmers. As a taxpayer and prosperity m

f>mg *#***% builder the sugar beet industry ranks high among

all bran COMPANYUTAHIDAHO General Offices: Salt Lake City

Factories in Utah, Idaho, Washington, Montana, South Dakota. D

J. REUBEN CLARK. JR. GENERAL CONFERENCE

722) page from (Continued when bishops the to night last Clayton about.. much very think to INSPIRATION need not doFOR hunwere youth the that told them the he of functions or healing of power the letthe read gospel. You the for gering cultural our about only but priesthood,READ front when the at the boys ters from would achievements, we material and talk they what about tell you they careful. better be meetings in together I they come put when and "liberalize,"not must We it is about gospel, restored the It is about teachings; we our quotes, in term that rightfaith and of the power faith and toJOSEPH them gave as God them accept must front the to get they living. unity When eous a us amongst be must there and us finespun all means, that all that with expresthat hear to used faith. in WeThe PROPHET they them; leave philosophy ethics and I not have I boy, a was often when sion reof realities stern the to back Hearts is it the good In a but Lives time, long it for aAs He heard atonthe of God, existence vocabularies. our into comeligion—the get back to term People of His of power the Savior, the of blood ing he unity, may us give the Lord May the vision, first the of reality the faith, CHASE give DR. DARYL he Spirit, By his may with inspire us of reality the priesthood, the of Institute reality S. L. D. teach humble, the of Logan us humility, make all of us reality the priesthood, the of power the give he and may little know, we us how

salvation. of obligation bringing our of sense for youth, realizing a ideal book us An humilit) I repeat, all, give us it that no God to see to to youth, the and power heart towards the to delight the to obligation our of sense shall a full and of ours act or thought or word the spirit. if we responsibility our of and youth faith. their with tamper nam? I pray in the humbly them, $1.50 mislead the to observation, testify I fr@m my

MAIL THE COUPON truthfulness of the words of Brother of Jesus. Amen

SUNDAY MORNING COMPANYDESERET BOOK

P. St., Temple 44 East South

10, Utah City O. Box 958 MARK E. PETERSEN evil?commandedOught you,ye notand—afterto have doneye hadevenplantedas 1 Salt Lake

round hedge the built and vineyard, Intermountain the of the Center 676) Book page "The from (Continued Wall* the upon set West"watchmen and orabout, those follows failure Invariably a set also, and tower the THE "JOSEPH Chase's Dr. send Please parable thereof—built as the because, ganizations, for watched tower, and the upon PROPHET"watchman

lest asleep, out: points 11.50* fallen find have not Enclosed and vineyard, my

beAnd you? upon should come the enemy broke and night, by came the enemy Name would tower the upon the watchman hold, the of servants the and hedge; the down afar yet he was while the enemy seen have Address and affrighted, were and—arose nobleman and ready made could have then ye tax. off; sales and works, their *In Utah 2% destroyed the enemy and Hed; th* down breaking from the enemy kept (D. olivetrees. O the L down broke and from vineyard saved thereof, and my hedge

101:51.) 101 C. (D. destroyer. the & of the hands

organization 5255.) Priesthood Aaronie An

acits boys of care take fails to the which ago years hundred a than More see will program, outlined the to center cording the establish to desired Lord Avoid Holiday the Soon disinterested. become its boys MisIndependence, at Zion of stake long before and away, staying start failure, boys with met attempt the but souri,

habits. evil into drift to they Travel If You of God Prophet the caused which

grieve. The Lord explained to him, say a condisuch for fault is the Where ing: is it in or boys, Possibly Can! the it with Is tion?

your concerning you, unto to folVerily organization the of failure the perafflicted, and been have brethren season, whoI say holiday This plan? outlined the low their of the land from out cast and secuted,

will the West, in that the commandhere decides father inheritance A overtax transportation ments of the Lord are not necessary, s I, the Lord, have suffered the affliction to wife his been have soon they and inactive, wherewith them, upon becomes come in he hotels facilities and transgrestheir keepof discontinue in consequence afflicted, likewise children and

... unless cities. soon sions; we So and major commandments, the ing jar were there I you, unto say Behold, hands. our on family inactive an absolutely have MUST you and envyings, and contentions, rings, and orother or quorum priesthood desire? covetous lustful Victory and travel, for strifes, wait A and

officers the\ by headed things be these therefore ganization may by them; among Let's Pacific. give in the to revealed as plan inheritances. the their that feel polluted who

voice the unto of hearken to God servants slow GI Joe were authorized They the by first considerathem the Lord therefore, their really God; the Lord not of and necessary really is not tion. their pray unto hearken is to slow their that God ideas have they that and important, then of in the day them to ers, answer thereand themselves, better are much trouble. program. the follow not do they fore esteemed they their peace of the day In Hotel ortheir that find they their of however, the Soon, in day but, counsel; lightly my inter- ( the that slip; me. to after feel begins they ganization necessity of trouble,

est of their members falls off, then the &C. 101:1-2; 6-8.)

the long Square before declines, and Temple attendance nature like human is so much That function fulfil the to fails organization the in work our regard EikHMill | [Jffd\|]j we Lake City Salt When created. it was for which are that we let remember us Church, to failure of results the see So we the Lord of vineyard in the working the of program outlined the follow the just as servants, his are that we and Church. GLAHENCELWESTi of planting in the worked servants who parable, the of words in the Then, Manager too, remember, olivetrees. And those and speaks vineyard the of lord the of the lightly word if esteem that we says: prosperity. our of in the day the Lord great this of is. the cause. what. Why!

.

SUNDAY MORNING will serve him without reservation of *'<** X- '.*-'**;..*

any kind, and that of a truth you will in the day of our trouble he may be slow putinto yourthe workwhole ofsoul,Almightyyour wholeGod,heart,that to hearken unto our prayers, to answer you will apply the best of your intelliforus needs. our provide and all will gence, serve him with your you Improvement Era seeking mind, the to program by know this conference have P\uring we

live of to the to then Church, and up raised the sustained hands our and all that soul. with program your

thisauthorities susof Church; when we It if are likewise to going you meanstained president, as Heber Grant we J. all love serve and him with your him.. Subscribers sustain also to vote prophtook as a him strength, that will serve him, with you

et, seer, revelator. and voted Then we all all strength, physical your your with

to sustain the in First the counselors oi gives The you all strength, ERA much spiritual mental with your

Presidency, the the and and Twelve, all strength, the current strength of the best with and CHURCH Patriarch, after voted, thus and had we resources, your whatsoever they its covmay Within LITERATURE. entirely different vote. an took Thiswe be. If really the love you your Lord find auers each you month thistime sustained of as group we men in will that serve him manner. you God oi written thoritative material seers, prophets, revelators, in addiand

all a are likened unto so do And who leaders. our spoken church by tion to their positions in of membership that built his wise the house man uponthe Patriarch, the or Twelve, as counrock, the rain the and descended it and to occurred what you Has selors in the First Presidency. floods the came, blew, winds and and of priceless theology gems

: is ask people a prophSome "When it fell that beat not, house, for upon and gosdown-toearth poetry and et really prophet?"a remember it You rock. founded a was upon the in pel have you yearby- is the is reply that frequently given, that I brethren, that pray may we My of this magavolumes year is that prophet a a prophet he when faith the have the to courage follow and

speaks by the power of his office. the program of the Church. I pray that zine?

I want to tell you brethren that the we may sustain the authorities of the Why not preserve them for program of the Church that has been Church not only with our hands, but your future reference and your given to sustain also has been you them with provided may our to you that we children's edification? We urge

officially in following these the outlined presiding proworks brethren by to do so. you gram, setting sustained not have and as prophets, of up you somethingwhom

seers, and revelators. This program has our own which is not in harmony

been given to you officially by them, with the program that is provided by Single volumes (12 numbers) bound functioning in their official capacity. the inspiration of these men whom you in durable, attractive, blue cloth

Therefore what right do we have to say have sustained as prophets, seers, and that this part of the program is not revelators during this conference. And binding, stamped in gold $2.25

this isnecessary, prayer, or that part of the program my in the name of the each plus postage.

is Christ. Jesus Lord not necessary? Amen.

Always taught been we have that Ten or more volumes at one time the first principle is faith. of the gospel

$2.00 each plus postage.We have been taught that "We believe THE SPOKEN WORD FROM

in God, the Eternal Father, and in his in or mail them to usSon Jesus Christ, and in the Holy TEMPLE SQUARE Bring them

Ghost."Can we say that we really and "And the Glory of Children Are

truly believe in Jesus Christ if we do not believe in the program of his Their Fathers"flow!

Church? And if we do not believe in By Richard L. Evans

the program of his Church, can we say that we are truly and honestly fol- ** /Children's children are the crownlowers of the lowly Nazarene? "If you of old men; and the glory of chillove me, keep my commandments."dren are their fathers."(Proverbs 17:

Remember that command; each one of 6.) This, from Proverbs, suggests

us should think of it with respect to our comment on a law of privilege and reUke LDederet r/etjus j-'ress adherence to the program of the sponsibility, established in the wisdom

Church, whether it is personal adherof God. Every man born of woman has 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City

ence, whether it is adherence on right to the the to be be taught wisely, part of 3f *. * * an organization, or within our nur- * * * * tured sustained, cherand loved and

families. "If you love me, keep my comished, and provided for until he, himself,

mandments.'is able to assume his own obligations

When the Lord gave us the first great and support. He then in turn has the

commandment, I am thankful also that obligation to rear children of his own, he gave us that part of the 4th Section to make a good home for them, to nurof the Doctrine and Covenants which ture and counsel and instruct, until theysays: shall grow in wisdom and arrive at the MUSIC!

(or ability the for stocks suitable of age to themselves and large music do We carry that the in of service... embark O ye life. things needful of But beyond for what use, schools arranged churches, and home that all see serveGod, with him ye your rightfully a to expect receive man may solos, choirs, instrumental and vocal bands andheart, might, that strength, and mind ye may

his parents, from and beyond what he laststand at the before blameless in day. S. Church L. D. orchestras. God We specialize

(D. &C.4:2.) may be privileged to give his children, music. Write to us ior suggestions and matehas also he an obligation to the home

If you really and truly believe in the born and nurtured and rial available. in which he was

first and great commandment, to love to those who have reared him. The Dealers in Steinway and Lester pianos, band

the Lord thy God with all thy heart, moment a man feels no obligation to his and orchestra instruments, talking machines.

might, mind and strength, it means then parents, or the moment a parent feels records and musicians'supplies.

that you will serve him with all your no obligation to his children, the mosoul, and with all your heart, with all ment there is no feeling of interdependmind, with all withyour your might, and ence and responsibility to brothers and CO. MUSIC DAYNES

strength. that Thatall your you means (Continued 47 on next page) City 1 Salt Lake So. Main St.

NOVEMBER, 1944 725 ENJOY INEXPENSIVE TABERNACLE BROADCAST GENERAL CONFERENCE

PRIZEWINNING sisterssponsibilityin theandhome,selfishnessthe spirithasof takenirreshops, on the farms and on the battleORANGE MARMALADE over.generationIn someof placesours therein thishasworldbeenanda fieldsScientificof the world.research has confirmed the

tendency to remove these obligations inspired record of great nations which this of inhabited land. these have Each It's Anytime Easy To Make proheaven of and family. home May

it nations long as as prospered yielded false such of inroads the from us This Recipe Simple With also obedience to God. became They somedo we also may tectphilosophy—and great material blesspowers. Great Sized Oranges 6 Medium it. ourselves from The thing protect to

(2 lbs. Sliced) family is the strongest unit of society ings came to them. But they for-

6 Cups Water because it is the unit of highest respongot God. The ancient ruins of Central,

x/t Cup Lemon Juice sibility, and to break down this strength South, and North America bear silent (About 6 lemons) is ultimately to break down civilizatestimony to their destruction. What

1 Package M.C.P. Pectin tion itself, because if men are not made of the future of our great nation? The

9}/2 Level Cups Sugar to feel their obligations to home and history of men and nations clearly (Measured ready for use) family, they cannot be made to feel teaches that only that nation is blessed is the Lord.""whose God anything, or to obligations anyone in very cartwheels oranges with1. Cut

still is at the in helm. rules irreGod selfishness He this and soon—andtheir slices thin knife to as possisharp make affairs the of nations. and he men But their inroads sponsibility upon make

flat ble. ends. large peel the Discard "cannot look sin least the with upon obliganations. communities The and

fruit 2 should pounds. Sliced weigh degree of allowance."will one deny obligachildren, the tions to of parents No

kettle.2. fruit sliced in 8-quart Put Add that sin has increased and goodness the parents, obtions of children to and

juice. the and lemon water in declined blessed America. us Let soare ligations to brother, of brother

for boil; boil to gently3. Bring a quick yield to then Lincoln's fervent appeal, spiritually cially, economically, and

is not tenIf peel (uncovered). 1 hour ourselves "to humble ofbefore the morally sound, and irrevocable—and 1 in until boil tender. hour, der fended power, to confess our national family is not the in which any society

4. Measure the cooked material. Due to the measure of strength has fallen upon sins, and to pray for clemency and forboiling, the volume will be reduced beevil ways, and is marked for weakness giveness."As a nation we have been

low 7 cups. Add water to make total and disintegration. And the hearts of kept as in the hollow of God's hand. But

peel and juice exactly 7 cups. the fathers shall be turned to their chilwhat of the future?

5. Put back in kettle. Stir in M.C.P. Pectin; dren, and the hearts of the children to Down through the ages come the

continue stirring and bring to a full boil. their fathers. ( See Malachi 4:6.) stirring and solemn words of ancient

6. Add sugar (previously measured). Stir Copyright, 1944. American prophets:

gently until it has reached a full rolling is this Behold, land, a choice and whatsoboil, 4 and MINBOIL EXACTLY TAFT EZRA BENSON it ever shall shall nation possess be free from stir fire; skim and from Remove UTES. bondage, captivity, ail and from from and 675) page {Concluded from

for turns 5 minutes. by other if nations under will they heaven, but rate at the of 25,000 increasing tion is

7. If jars. into pint quart use or Pour you serve the is land, the of God Jesus who prisons, to sent criminals year. the a Of

... jars, lids Christ, jars hot seal is this invert behold, unFor on and choice a land 15 are percent between seventythree

all lands; other above wherefore that til he set. to begins shake Marmalade Then, of records age."of 24 years The and

it shall possess doth shall serve or be God set jars well upright. and keeps This than 700,000 that F.B.I, "more the the show it is off; for the swept everlasting decree distributed peel throughout. evenly the in States United the mourn mothers cit. of (op. of God. Book Mormon.)

NOTE: This recipe works equally well fact that their boys and girls, all under

with Navel Oranges or Valencias, When voting age, either are or have been in Oh, God our Father, grant that we, either variety is overripe and peel is jail, reformatories, prisons, or have met thy children, shall serve the God of this is Jesus Christ, that this, oursoft, use %-cup Lemon Juice instead death in the electric chair. More than land, who

of Y2cup. (Be sure to discard any 13,000 families each year are directly beloved country, might be preserved.

seeds.) This recipe makes 7 pounds of affected by the results of criminal Amen.

prizewinning Orange Marmalade. r homicides, many of which are premeditated murders."STEPHEN L RICHARDS

All these evidences are but the fruits of disobedience to divine in- {Continued from page 663) junction. Less obvious and more difMany a night I've watched you when only

nigh; was GodIN FIFTY For YEARS OVER USE ficult to are accurately

I us; will God'll judge but between other And ofAids in treatment simple Canker, evidences. apathetic have become measureWe al'ays pray throatsore other minor and mouth in as citizens. our duty The surprising- I shall suffer half the never That youand throat irritations. ly low percentage of our people who today. do

exercise their right to vote for public officials is evidence of this fact. There T read these old and homely verses toHall's Canker Remedy I believe a they have * you because are also in in evidence, land, this blessed

536 So. at Salt Lake City, Utah East 2nd writfor us today. certain were other trends strike at the meaning They which

very foundation of all we hold dear. If ten as a protest against the disintegrapermitted to go unchecked, and there tion of family solidarity and the decline

seems to be little disposition to correct of filial affection and duty. It might be

Buy a copy today them, we might easily lose most of what well for the families of America if this we have gained during the past 150 old volume could be reprinted and wideyears of our national existence. ly circulated and read and reread by the

children grownup of the land and their GOSPEL well. Iay a kind Providence give us the viparents as

* sion and courage necessary to stem I am happy to belong to a people STANDARDS concept of enduring need, as whose and home lies family relationship By President Heber J. Grant thesewe needdangerousno othertrends.thing, Wea nationwide at the basis very

repentance of our sins. Never before of human happiness here and hereafter.

On Sale at Bookdealers have we needed the blessings of Al- I have long felt that if the Prophet

Everywhere mighty than today. more other Smith had need Joseph never God any made We

$2.25 his divine in favor the halls of governcontribution to inthe the than world

ment, in our homes, in the factories and comparably beautiful and satisfying 726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUNDAY MORNING MPpy iNp/m) principle of eternal marriage as the foundation of a good home, which, when projected into the life to come shall be the very substance of our heaven and our exaltation, he would have been entitled to a place on the very summit esteem of man's and acto a qood/Heaclaim. history In all the of the restored

gospel of our Lord no doctrine or pracSpread Tea Garden Mixed Fruit Jelly tice has been so distinctive. It is largely on thin, hot French pancakes; roll and

because we have such faith and conserve. This delicious jelly blends apple,

fidence in the perpetuity of home and Concord grape and plum juices...

family that we have built our most elabgently pressed from ripe fruits the homekitchen way.orate and expensive structures—templesof God—wherein man and wife and Veal Fricassee

children have been bound in an evermenu"Parsley Potatoes Green Salad lasting union transcending the limitaFrench Pancakes with tions of mortal life. HIT*

/ i \ Tea Garden Mixed Fruit Jelly inestimable is the comfort this / How surpassing concept has brought to the families of the Church. Every aspect

of home and individual life has been influenced has vastly increased by it. It

for parents.love and respect It has Kstnnouncing $asj to maite/

induced deeper affection and moremutual concern among the inmates of J\ Hew [Book—

the home. One of the greatest deterrents fear has of wrongdoing been the MNNErCUSMRDSof losing eternal a place in the family circle. In times of sorrow and bereaveTHE

ment this lofty principle has been the greatest consolation. It is today in these *

tragic times when Latterday Saint i parents receive the sad word that a in battle. lost hasson been They know HOLY - These EGGLESS

lost.that in is not he the They weep

deprivation of his company, but they NONCOOKED CUSTARDS know that death cannot break the bond Jjb make a hit their bindswhich to son them. Only lP* with everyone

sin that. is GHOST can the do family When By OSCAR W. McCONKIE

lifereestablished in the his to come, Small her dad—may Susan—and willchair not vacant. be cruelty The

of war and battle may have shortened balk at drinking milk But they lovehis mortal existence, but the destroying A new book, alone in to eat it when made into these delicious rennetcustards Richangel has over his soul or the no power its field, treats the protective food values oftie that his kin. binds milk—in andthe him to

subject thoroughly readilvthe rennetdigestibleenzyme makesthan milkthemitself.more"VTow, my brethren, and friends who

listen, does it not seem strange that and reverently. "Junket"'Rennet Powder—At grocers. Almen and women who subscribe to such ready sweetened. Six favorite flavors.

noble concepts of family cohesion can Vanilla Chocolate Lemon reconcile themselves to a procedure and $2.00 Orange Raspberry Maple

a philosophy, which, when carried to its "Junket"Rennet Tablets sweetened. sugar, Addlogical conclusion, would nullify

taste... //:—Notflavor to 12 rennet those MAIL THE COUPON Anatural reciprocal feelings of devotion tablets in package; each

5 rennet- 4 or orand obligation which children should letcustardmakesdesserts tabmoremanifest than for parents, of pint a good ice cream. At growho have DESERET BOOK COMPANY

cers druggists. andstriven all their lives to establish the Street 44 East South Temple

closely ties knit family which I have 958 Box P. O. //mentioned? sons can and daughHow

10, City Utah Salt Laketers everything they who have owe FREE! of the Center Book life,their their ideals education, their "The of for Recipes

Intermountain West"delilio uscapacity living acquire independent dessert! their parentsand who ice milkand tocharacters—to Please send Judge also Mccreams sacrificed, prayed, wept, worked,have; foldhelpful Conkie's "The Holy book striven for to the er, exhaustion themand "Mother,

About What their energies,of their bodies and be Ghost."Diet?">, Enclosed is $2.00.* My RENNE7 cu, rf toparties which a scheme would make COUPON SEND

their fathers and mothers the objects of charity and cast the burden of their "The 'Junket'Folks,"

Laboratory, 711. Inc., Dept. Hansen's thesupport community on and stigmaChr.Little Falls, N. Toronto, Y. {In Canada,

tize the loss of independence with them Ont.)

and selfrespect? Is it any less than this Please send free recipes and children's

folder. to diet sons consent and daughterswhen

this (Just paste postcard coupon on disposing of the old advocateand even address.) your and and name add

(Continued on next page) NOVEMBER, 1944 727

GENERAL CONFERENCE L RICHARDS

or the retirementLIGHThome STEPHENor the farm, from respectable, even though modest sistance. I have known brothers and

school sisters each other through to put least part yield at of a which...in a time of darkness jobs,

toil. I can't selfsacrificing hard, by in will that living not and contrive ways

always stand too close scrutiny to make imagine any of these permitting their the old folks eligible for the receipt of father and mother to come to public that relief. think gratuity? public you a Do

I do not intend to discuss political can in promote such any a practice way family unity and those emotions and aspects of this question. I can well

feelings which must always underlie the conceive of circumstances which may mutual devotion that makes for a true warrant public assistance to old people home? I believe that you do not. For I who are without kindred, or whose near

believe that the great preponderance of relatives are themselves destitute, espeall our families, on mature reflection and cially where there, are no such generous

Price with a clear understanding of the ends provisions for the care of the aged as $2.00 to which we are heading, will reach the this Church makes. It may be difficult

conclusion that this procedure I have to arrange to care for such cases withspoken of is not calculated to promote out enlarging the scope of relief to an our higher ideals of home and family. unwarranted extent. I would rather erT

Constancy knewI thinkthatmywhilefoodI wouldcould procurechoke mebreadif I onMythe sidechiefofconcernmercy thanin theotherwise.matter, as

my aged father or mother or near kin have tried to indicate, is in the pro-I were on public relief. I believe a decent nounced tendency observable all around Amid Change family pride is a salutary thing with any us toward the disintegration of family

By A. E. Bowen people and in any nation. I don't mean solidarity. I know this is a bad omen

a family pride built on aristocracy and for the Church and for America. I be-

A new book for today's needs—by vanity which makes for class distinction lieve in family life. I venerate parental

Elder Albert E. Bowen. of the Counand which today is one of the distinct and filial love and duty. I worship at the

cil of the Twelve. A compilation ot deterrents to national progress. I mean shrine of the Godordained eternal

twelve radio addresses on the fixed a family pride in wholesome, selfreli- home. I pray that its genius of affection

enterprising unity preserved ever and be family and and may living,—a purposes

that of God... the constancy ant,pride solicishall that families with the promotes our utmost be endowed

of his -ways. for of tude the family. It the concepts, each the pride courage, the and member

Price $2.00 wouldn'tfamily boasthurt thatmy throughfeelings allto hearvicissi-a thebelovednaturalparentsaffectionfromthat"goingwill keepover ourthe

hill in tudes they other's of) poorhouse,"had to (any to each form come great "The eternal purposes must, Christ. never received public had ashelp and Amen. of Jesus the name

all mid the changes of time and circumstance, remain forever constant, fixed as a polar star,"comSUNDAY AFTERNOON ments Richard L. Evans in his foreword to the book. JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH life,everlastingand wouldsalvation,havebutsavedye wouldyou not!with an

(Continued from page 662) Behold the day has come, when the cup

verily that Behold, these you, unto THE BOOKCRAFT Lift up your voices and spare not. Call of the wrath of mine indignation is full. I say COMPANY old to repent, nations both and upon the

18 St. Richards are of the &. (D. Lord the words your God. free, saying: Prepare both and bond Salt City 1, Lake Utah young, 43:1727.) C. of the great for the Lord; yourselves day

send of if I, up do lift a man, For who am my CONSTANCYPlease AMID CHANGE.copies this that warning is a went Now call to repent, and ye upon you and

$ check or money D to the out world. heed not would They the will me, order envoicehate day say ye when what closed.

Send C.O.D cometh when the thunders shall utter their it. Returning now to what the Lord said

Name.... voicesto the earsfrom oftheallendsthat oflive,thesaying—Repent,earth, speaking mandments,in the prefaceI willto readthis someBookmoreof ComAddress and prepare for the great day of the Lord?

Yea, and again, when the lightnings shall And verily I say unto you, that they who

Your orders will have prompt attention. streak forth from the east unto the west, and go forth, bearing these tidings unto the inshall utter forth their voices unto all that habitants of the earth, to them is power

live, and make the ears of all tingle that given to seal both on earth and in heaven, rebellious; unbelieving and ye, for the these hear, saying words—Repent

seal verily, to Yea, them up unto the day of the the great Lord is come? day

And again, the Lord shall utter his voice when the wrath of God shall be poured out

shall the Lord the day come Unto earth, when tions hear the words of of the andMUSIC... out of heaven, saying: Hearken, O ye naupon the wicked without measure to every unto according recompense man you. made who that God

O, ye nations of the earth, how often to his work, and measure to every man acto the cording has measwhich measure he:-: I together a as gathered have you would SPEECH his toDRAMA fellow ured man. chickens her wings, her under gathereth hen

is the of the voice unto Lord Wherefore INSTRUCTORS not! but would ye

all of earth, that that will the hear the ends

I the called oft you upon have by How hear: aid may can you and show you theWe ministerservants, the of and by mouth my is for ye, that prepare Prepare ye which

voice, ing angels, and mine of and own byfinest line of clean, classy Costumes is for to the nigh; come, Lord

the thunderings, of the and voice by by is kindled, the the of anger and Lord And HEADQUARTERS HALLOWEEN the of lightnings, voice of voice and by mh& it is shall in his heaven, bathed and sword the earthquakes, of voice tempests, and by to us Write fall earth. of the the inhabitants {D. upon Wn the of hailstorms, voice and great and by 1:8-13.) GC. pestilences kind, of and every famines and HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP the of and a trump, great the sound by by prophetic are great say- a many of HPhere voice and judgment, of voice by the City, Utah Salt Lake * ings that the Prophet given to were all voice the the and by day long, mercy

of glory and honor and the riches of eternal Joseph Smith, and recorded in this book 728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY AFTERNOON was sent out, he did not know anything about the world.

I want to say to you that it was a of Doctrine and Covenants, in which great regret to me that he had to go the Lord warned this world of the caland learn something about the ways of amities and the destruction, the wars the world, and I regret that your boys and the pestilence that would come had to go and learn it, such things as upon them if they refused to hearken to they have been forced to learn. This

the testimony of these humble elders of boy wrote home several months ago and

Israel. said, after referring to some of the

Again he said things which he had witnessed: "I have

I, the Lord, am angry with the wicked; lost faith in humanity."

I am holding my Spirit from the inhabitants So we cry for peace, we are asked to of the earth. pray for peace, but who is willing to

I have sworn in my wrath, and decreed keep the commandments of the Lord wars upon the face of the earth, and the that we might have peace? Now, you

wicked shall slay the wicked, and fear shall ask yourselves, you brethren: in your

come upon every man. (D. & C. 63:32, 33.) praying are you sincere? In your askNow, that was a calamity which came ing for peace, are you willing to keep

upon the world, when the Lord decreed the commandments of the Lord? Do you

that he would withhold his spirit from keep the Sabbath day holy? Do you

the inhabitants of the earth. He had no pay your honest tithing? Do you attend

reference to the Holy Ghost, because to these other duties that have been they never had the gift of the Holy mentioned here so many times?

Ghost, but he had reference to the light When I think of the people of this of truth, or Spirit of Christ, which would country, or any other of these countries, for help, asking the at the Lord and if they to the truth,lead would them HAVE an excellent WfE time ignoring every same commandit. spirit withdrawing This heheed was for an opportunity that them, has given he ment I wonder their of wickedness becausefrom them

and the withdrawal of his spirit would how we can even hope for peace. We aspiring octopus to serve

ago, could long peace have hadbring fact, them and at front desk. In upon our these calamities—the

lives of could been havepestilences, the rest thousands plagues, the and all several ambiif he has if the saved, people themhad humbled is here, includingof it that mentioned bloodshed, and war. selves, and had been willing to keep tious brothers and sisters

Today we find this world torn asunthe commandments of the Lord so he we can use them, too, for fight their battles. this could But they in hearts the prevailingder; wickedness a hotel these days running willing not to do. the nawere people, distressof the among

is that sided job a many I shall repeat of these one what Nowtions, has the world bloodshed such as never seen before. I am going to be bold brethren said who spoke before me. often requires supersaid to the Lord of this The members all of this have to say that couldenough human efforts. Church, early day, in an of that because unavoided; been havebeen it would

necessary, if the inhabitants of the their transgressions trouble came upon Even without an octoworld, had hearkened to the voice of the them, and I quote: pus, we're doing our best

of Israelelders sent to them were who to were slow the hearken They unto voice tradiserve to with you salvation, this of messagewith the and of their therefore, the Lord God; Lord service tional Hotel Utah receive. is to refused their they towhich slow their hearken unto God

Furthermore, we cry for peace; we prayers, to answer them in the day of their and hospitality. But if

trouble. for called to peace,are pray and upon don't measometimes we In the of their peace they day esteemed I for peace. praying never are havewe

lightly in but, counsel; the of their to stanmy sure day peacetime up in the procconfidence veryhad much

trouble, feel of after necessity they me. (D. request that the orlamation dards, ask made was we humbly 101:7-8.) C. &

to people this country the pray ofasking understanding and your for peace, for the very good reason that Well, the people of this nation could it was not sincere. We cannot pray to have felt after the Lord; we could have patience.

"Listenthe cause, to our before him, and say: gone could Lord placed and have Thank you sincerelybring victory to us, our petitions him. before do what want he we would And

you to do, but don't ask us to do what have heard our prayers. If we had done for your cooperation!

you want us to do."this in the spirit of faith and humility,

and the determination in our hearts to

TT7e ofhavethoseheardwhofromhavequitespokena numberin this keephe wouldhis commandments,have heard ourthen,prayers,I repeat,and conference of the wickedness that premany lives would have been spared; I

vails throughout the world, the wickedam sure of it for he would have come to ness among the boys who have gone into our aid and would have fought our batthe armed forces of the country, the tles.

wickedness of the people who are not One more passage. This is from the

all forces.in those know those same We section—101—of the Doctrine

is that true, immoralitythings are and Covenants:

rampant, that drunkenness, and the filthy use of tobacco are weakening the Mine indignation is soon to be poured out all measure this nations; upon andconstitutions to without those of go out who

will is full. of iniquity when the cupfight, evils are also these among and

101:11.) (D.6C.I do forces. the inthose not armed The

world is full of evil. May we humble ourselves, put our

Bishop Richards called attention to a houses in order, and our lives in harstatement made in a letter from one of mony with the truth, that we may rehis boys who is in the service. I had a ceive the blessings of the Lord, I humbly

like communication from one of my pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

boys. He was only eighteen when he (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 729

GENERAL CONFERENCE

CLIFFORD E.

YOUNG For a WellFed Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Address delivered at the Sunday

confergeneral Young America afternoonsemiannualsession of the \\5th in 8, 1944, ence October the Tabernacle n icy brethren, as I look over this

LVJ.l\/ 1 congregation,sitting here thisand afternoon,as I have beenimbeen, all have I as know we pressed, food is in every necessary a Bread of sweet mustrains those to listening in

of nuits greater because home. And gosthe just how wondered sic, I have

tritional value. Royal Enriched Bread pel of Jesus

helps to keep growing youngsters Christ will fistrong and healthy. It's to your advannally take root

tage, therefore, to get this better bread. in the hearts of

the children of ROYAL BAKING COMPANY men and how peace will fiSalt Lake and Ogden nally come.

I would like to read a few verses from the words of the Savior, DEPENDABLE You Can't which are

TRANSPORTATION CLIFFORD E. YOUNG found14th chapterin the ALWAYSPIaa of John. Some jfl* a AloUost at Wan of his apostles had asked him a number

troubled; they of questions; they were The FUTURE in their things day doubt had many no

By the PAST! toquitetroubleunderstandtheir thinking.his divineTheyministrydid andnot

how the kingdom of God would come,

Just because you haven't and so a number of questions were had a fire is no reason asked. So we find Jesus saying to them

why you won't. Don't Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe

Father's In in believe also me. in God, my

military needs are making it While if not were mansions: are judge the future by the house many

facilipast. Greyhound on heavy demands I to prepare told so, you. have go I would

is of shortage ties, a serious there and if I prepare a for and place you. a go And

is mencontinu- Fire personnel, a constant buses and we are I will receive again, for and you, come essential dependable, provide to ing visit you I there ace that and may ye am, myself; where unto any placeyou

travelers. civilian for transportation I also. know, whither ye go be And may day.

We appreciate your understanding and the way ye know.

of wartime travel conditions and Insure your property toThomas saith unto him, Lord, we know thank you for your cooperation. day and be protected not whither thou goest; and how can we

trips, the necessary taking Before way? know loss. we against local consult that suggest your you said unto and answered Jesus Then

tell agent. can you Greyhound He get your policy Better him: best be accommodated. can you when the truth, I and way, the am the... can. you while

AIR CONDITIONED BUSES. life: no man cometh unto the Father, but

also: from and OVERLAND by me. If ye had known me, ye should

him. seen have Utah Home Fire havehenceforthknownye knowmy Fatherhim, and

saith him, unto Lord, shew us the Philip

it us. sufflcethGREYHOUND Insurance Go. Father, and

I long saith so him, been unto Jesus Have Grant & Co. Heber Operated by not yet hast thou and known with you, time AGENTS GENERALJ. INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES hath seen that Philip? seen hath me he me,

Salt Lake City, Utah the Father; and how sayest thou then, Shew

us the Father? Believest thou not that I

am in the Father, and the Father in me? the

words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in

Two MUST Books me, he doeth the works.

by President Heber J. Grant theBelieveFather mein me:that orI amelseinbelievethe Father,me for andthe GOSPEL STANDARDS

and very works'sake.

I that verily, you, unto Verily, say He by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

I that the me, believeth do shall works IN THE GDSPEL NET on on sale at bookdealers everywhere shallhe dohealso;do; andbecausegreaterI goworksunto mythanFather.these

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUNDAY AFTERNOON because of war conditions, because of lack of missionary help, but even with

And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name, that lack there is a growth that is that will I do, that the Father may be gloriheartening, and it gives to you and me fied in the Son. assurances that the gospel of Jesus Malmquist If Christ, this of we message good shall ask anything in my name, I Jesus—the

it. will do tidings, the in is taking root the hearts of

If ye love me, keep my commandments, children of men, and they are translatshall I will the Father, and he pray And Speaks—that he Comforter, give another you may inglivestheseand livingprinciplesthem.of truth into their for ever; abide with you

the the Spirit world of truth; Even whom year, election to visit the fortune a more In an good had We

it not, seeth receive, him cannot because little south the a branch up way time, at other than a any him; neither but him: ye know knoweth shores of the the of Lake

shall for be with you, and he dwelleth onWoods—just is with charged newspaper Saints. Scandinavian in a few had They you.

I will not leave you comfortless: I will not had the elders there for a long time. the responsibility of comcome to you. They are carrying on by themselves, plete objectivity, fair and

built their chapel, seeth they the while, have world and a little me Yet own and unbiased reporting. I live, because little me: ye but more; chapel, that ye see no entered when we

shall live also. President and Sister Killpack, and Sister

shall that that veteran ye know Malmquist, day I am O. N. At a neat, and in Young we found

I in in you. Father, and me, and ye my chapel. clean for of Salt the political branch a writer myself,We found that and hath commandments, my He faithful off Saints, Latterday a way is is it but that given loveth and them, Tribune, me: he keepeth Lake

shall be loved loveth that he of my me Fawefromwereeverybody.told is twentyfiveThe nearestmilesdoctor,away, ONE assignment during an manihim, I will and will ther, love and

fest myself to him. (John 14:1-21.) and yet they were carrying on in the election year: to acquaint

first hand with all It is a great promise, my brethren. It ministrythe gospelofoftheJesusChurch,Christ.and were living himself

all of candidates, the the major offer the means by and does way is itself credit the to a chapel The live in with harmony which may we reissues; of the major and the rustic of Church, lumber, made received that injunctions have those we

floor, of crude, benches pine are opinions of but with the a gardless this in conference. here

it just be. as as clean could neat and reeditors, to Tribune's visitthe I privilege of the recently had

little flower the chapel Around were Mission. States Central the ing North to Tribune findings his port rustic pine, of decorating boxes made

I just or like to a say two word would

I accurately that and readers place. lovely to myself: thought these preside over those regarding who

fine beautificaof example a "What honestly. I realized missions. before what never

a tremendous responsibility it is. The tion."

men who are called to preside in these Here is the Church in action, away To this end, Mr. Malmmissions must take the young boys and out in these little outlying places. One quist, who is recognized as

his in the other brethren of the prayer girls help them to them and come who here the Intermountain West's that the thanked Lord we were are day, adjustments. their They make

called from all over the Church, they in the tops of the mountains. We are outstanding political anaare not trained in the same homes, nor grateful for that, but this Church is no lyst travels hundreds of

longer of the of tops a Church the mounstandards; are they same home by the it is miles to discover at their It plains, tains. the of is a Church their in in alike education, nor not

their gospel training. Their tempera- a Church of the islands of the sea, it is source the political sentiments and dispositions are different, and a Church for the world, and everywhere ments and trends of Utah

of where Jesus has the message go we presidents, their mission these with yet and the Intermountain reflection the taught, see of been we sides, their take stand wives by who country. truths, are these and and men women girls help these boys and and young

reflecting them, are and them the to adjust; marvel, and them my living in Mr. Malmquist's efforts is their lives, that in and what we found brethren, they is that do adjust, ana

, very quickly do they get the spirit of the mission field. are but the local phase of

their mission, and do a marvelous work. In one of the meetings of the misthe broad Tribune political

local missionaries, is not a trite expression. It is a sionaries, the with This

reality. sisters one of the has been a memservice that includes a who

They make friends, and are invited ber of the Church for only about two score of the foremost obinto their homes; they bear their testiyears, and who has now been called as servers of the national pomonies, and people are responding to one of the local missionaries, bore her litical scene; but is typical

is testimony. husband Her not a member those testimonies, are impressed and

of the Church. family of the constant striving of She comes a from with the the bigness majesty and of their

message. Little by little this work in of refinement, her associates are people the Salt Lake Tribune for

which you and I are engaged is growof education, and she herself impresses unbiased fairness in its poas being a of culture woman ing spreading. gradually and As we one and of litical news columns. faith. great In bearing her testimony think it in terms about of our present

day conditions, we wonder sometimes she related this experience. She said:

how the little stone that was cut out of "My associates, many of my friends do the mountain without hands will eventunot subscribe to the things that I am live. trying to infrequently if ally fill earth; the but will just We are we

in is vited out it company where smoking look back, is not very long when we had in sections, for example like Caliindulged in, and where cocktails are fornia, New York, Denver, Chicago, served. There is no moral issue with my

just missions, just small branches; today friends regarding these things, and it

we have large stakes of Zion in all of does provoke a challenge with me, my these places. husband not being a member of the

Church. The other evening we were

'"Throughout the mission fields the at a dinner party and cocktails were branches are growing. I realize served. I pushed mine to the side, and y with you that there is a slowing up now (Continued on next page) \x

NOVEMBER, 1944 731.::: CLIFFORD E. YOUNG GENERAL CONFERENCE

'Aren't sitting to next friend me said: my

cocktail?'to your drink going you

the I *T bearI am yougratefulmy testimony,for the testimonymy brethren.that I 'What's she said: no, and told her

matter with you?'I said: 'Nothing's have of this work. I cannot with you the matter with me. I am living a great go out and prove its divinity—no man principle, and I would not let a little can do that—-we may offer every inour in do everything and of rob cocktail me the strength'and ducement mesfeel that our people power to make principle.'living that of power

That is all that was said regarding sage is scriptural, but when it comes to that. I thought to myself: "Thank God the last analysis of the thing, it is the

for the gospel of Jesus Christ that is testimony that is in the human heart that translating itself into the lives of peobears witness of the divinity of this ple who will but put themselves in a work.

position to permit it."While laboring as a missionary in

England, over thirtyeight years ago,

Another instance. In one of our one of our investigators, a whole family

** meetings in Minneapolis there came of them, in fact, the mother being the into our meeting an officer of the air leader, said, "Brother Young, we have force and his wife. I did not recognize found that your doctrine is scriptural,

them until at the close of the meeting we believe in that, but if you can conthey came up and lo and behold, it was vince us that Joseph Smith was a proph- a boy from my own stake. In the eveet of God, that he saw God and that

ning at St. Paul, where we held another Jesus Christ talked with him, we will be

meeting he was called upon to speak, baptized."

JhankfjuL ilityand boreof it awasferventimpressive.testimony.But hereThe ishumthe "we"SistercannotMcManus,"do that orweprovesaid thatto her,to

lovely thing about it, my brethren: That you, but if you would know the will of

that among our many boy had been over in Europe, in combat the Father, if you would know of the freedoms we can still list service, I don't know how many mistruthfulness of our message, you, yourand Father, the will of the self must do but on Germany, over sions had he had the to freedom get an the will doeth that shall 'He know. severely you last mission he was that, education, in his and the of shall Father of the know will take to copilot his had and wounded, addition, excelhave we whethor it be doctrine, whether God forbut damaged, over. plane His was "of lent myself.'I of speak er to to get back able they tunately were

England. The boy was hospitalized, We bore that testimony to her, and

later of prayer, and matter it a country, this she made sent over to and finally OPPORTUNITIES baptized. That family were she and her the Bushnell in he convalesced where

to secure schooling and Hospital. His leg is still stiff, and he is the way it works, my brethren. It is

training, and to continue will never again be able to go back into through faith in God, it is through testifor- carried this will be work teaching, mony that service. is now He research and discovery. combat

the gospel, of it is the living and return, while he was ward, training. After his

All those who are in any in Bushnell, he came down home one and the testimony that will finally bring heart, and make into the human peace father, visit Bishop his worthy to in way interested high night kingthe of establishment the possible the of one of Alpine, Vance James W. quality university work it speediearth. in the of invited him May stake. God dom stalwarts of my We write should current for of in the pray, name ly I humbly come, that I recommended into our home. had

catalogues to the boy for the mission field, and so I said Jesus Christ. Amen.

to him, "Paul, tell me, how did you adPresident's Office just yourself. You had been out preachALBERT E. BOWEN

bring to servadded the into the even to crush inducted weak return were you BRIGHAM YOUNG ing the gospel of peace, and on your (Continued /rom page 669) this conscience the benefits them. perhaps to ice; over To Germany, went you

UNIVERSITY over the very land where you had of humanity must answer with a rewert If aggressors be of the thing PROVO. UTAH labored.justment?"How did you make the adwillingsoundingto "no!"let the right

He said: "Brother Young, I learned the final determiner there would be no

one thing. As I flew over Germany I wars.

felt in my heart that I was shooting down bombers and not people, that I HThere is likewise a companion evil was bombing installations, and not peo- "to the one just spoken of, just as ple. I kept that uppermost in my mind, reprehensible, though perhaps not quite

and I believe the Lord has helped me to so clearly recognized. It is the case of

preserve that attitude. in my military a powerful state, apprehending attack

service."from another one, casting about for

He bore testimony of that in our meetdefensive means. It conceives that its

ing, thanking the Lord for the faith that security would be best promoted if it had stood him in hand. possessed a strategic point owned by

The gospel, my brethren, does transanother state. In the interest of its

late itself into the lives of our people if security it takes by force what it wants...WHIN we will permit it. It is for us. These from its unwilling but powerless neighROMAN MEAL PORRIDGI injunctions that we have had given us bor though the latter has to be merciIS OUR BREAKFAST! in this conference, they mean for us lessly crushed in the process. The connrf.'.TMH.Trr strengthus the powerand power,and abilityand theyto makemean ourfor itsquerorapologistsjustifiesuponitselftheandpleais justifiedof its ownby

SOME WAY - - EVERY DAY lives real, harmonizing with the gospel necessity. The basic immorality of the

of the Lord Jesus Christ, and only in matter is conveniently ignored. It is

living it may we be able to do that. as if a man about to be killed by a thug

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

SUNDAY AFTERNOON

perceives that by liquidating his defenseless but innocent neighbor he can save his own skin. So far as the morality of the thing is concerned, he would

be as fully justified as would the overpowering state.

In defense of such courses it is sometimes argued that where the objective is good, the end to be achieved worthy, the means employed to attain it are justified, however bad in themselves they may be. The idea is crystallized

in the saying: "The end justifies the

means."It is a monstrously false doctrine. If this is a moral universe, as I

believe it to be, no methods for effectdesirable ing change, the end however 3 GREAT WESTERN BOOKS to sought, properly can be resorted which are not in themselves consistent... and 6 other outstanding volumes

with that end. To employ violence, opfor your home library.

pressive coercion, cruelty, injustice for the accomplishment of desired ends is SEND THIS COUPON FOR PROMPT DELIVERY evil forces of set loose to which must ORDER NOW! and, to inevitably degree at a weaken CD. 18THE St.,BOOKCRAFTSalt 1, Richards Lake City Utah least, In ends. nullify the process those Please the send books below: checked His Many Mansions $2.25 their lose they achievement of moral $ or check enclosed. order money By S. Rulon Howells

D. O. Send This and Day Always this $1.50 truth see exemplified power. We Saint The $2.50 GayC. By L. Richard Evans of day. every almost employment Bailey Paul The By Unto Hills the $1.50 D the Brannan California Sam and L. By D Richard evil allegedly to achieve Evans worthy means Mormons $1.75 Smith: Joseph ProphetStatesman $2.25 efforts for to the threatens destroy ends Bailey Paul By Dr. By G. Homer Durham For This Glory $2.50 My The Gospel Kingdom lasting in the $2.25 are so peace which much Bailey Paul By By John Taylor public notice Brigham today. the Colonizer Young $3.00

, As nations indulge in such immoral EvidencesBy Dr.and MiltonReconciliationsR. Hunter $1.85 Name

practices as we have been talking about, By Dr. John A. Widtsoe Address

so do individuals and groups and organized bodies in their relations between themselves,and and with among con- * * * * * * -K * in their disorders. If individualssequent

dealings with subjected other each tkfc t(\cp ihodt them 9& is test right to the of abided and what "TRUST IN THE LORD little result,the there opporbe would m*Jkttt077&e.

ill strife. If for willtunity or groups WITH ALL THINE HEART"organizations seekingor advantage to \Xt> tm. coop that againstthemselves other groups or organizations would sit down together

each willing to subordinate selfinterestin the search for the right, and be conChoir Leaders..

trolled by it when found, there would Sing the 194445 M. I. A. Slogan arranged for

Voices and set to stately music by Georgebe them. between no warfare or among So Fresh H.MixedDurham. differences submit their the toMen

judgment and decision of a court mereSo Smooth 15c copy $1.50 dozen

ly because childish they are too and to sit togethermature agree and down imSo Good $ right. in far areon what is better They

...position to arrive at the right than any ALSO AVAILABLE

allcourt is because the facts, they know the courtwhereas never can have that "0 YOUTH, BE STRONG rr complete knowledge. The judge is Dedicated to the youth of Zion. Words by Ruth

limited by the information which a trial May Fox, music by George H. Durham.

brings earnestly to him. If men wanted 15c copy $1.50 dozentheir differences settled on the moral

basis of right, there would be little work for courts. To WESTWOOD HOUSE Submission of differences, however, to Box 14, Logan, Utah

the judgment of some disinterested body, such as a court, is, of course, a long Send copies of the anthem, "Trust in advance over the stage when men settled the or Lord,"copies of "O Youth Be

Strong,"it out—atheir resortprivatetodifferencesphysical force.by fightingAny by to George H. Durham

semblance of orderly society could not basis of privateexist on the redress of Name Address grievances. state accordingly long The ONE OF DURKEE'S FAMOUS FOODS

thatago took over so that if a dispute killarises doesn't one the other party Enclosed $ to the disagreement but calls upon the SINCE 1 857,K-*-K<-)<-K-k,)< (Continued on next page)

NOVEMBER, 1944 733 traction and conflicts and antagonisms GENERAL CONFERENCE ALBERT E. BOWEN

uncertainties and bewilderment and the present plague today which world settle state the matthe to ofmachinery ultimate any not toward but growing is at mankind purely what a bottomter. forward. step long a marked That no accordingly are purpose. There right issue moral between is still it fight a out, nations whichBut issue—thewith to which reference principles fixed by then, wrong. That, the and should be differences. settling ofbarbarous way to do. ought determine what we may we final test all of the propriety courses of It is far from however, removed, not all can situation, If with confronted we a action. of for resorted to the of meanssome now course is the out to do experiment—try differclass or group settlement ofthe if it to out take, works and to want we difficulties in the there are thrown are retrogradences. In many ways Dut we then experimenter, the of the advantage "-'test getting disthat of simple status primitiveing the to where way it finds right. out is for one Each him

is is their into settlement current that adopted. thereputants take own One interhis to according for himself own

to in of thought lay claim cannot wellhands. the world today a school We

civilized asserts that therebeing mature, such grownup, a which is no thing sultest. inOfconfusion,course thisandmustultimateinevitablychaos.reuntil universal principles to as the point of rightpeople as opcome we have to is notion paralyzing a deadly This

is the the determinant, that for morality to wrong. and say posedwhere They in of the people plant and parminds

is, in individual, "oncon- simply growth is a continuing what goodwe ask ticularly the immature. youthful and

right. direction. inscience, It conclusion process"going without seems The That belief that strikes is a moral man down

is, that disthat the continually changing,escapable confusion and we are and a destiny and with being a purpose commensurate responsibilities. It releases one who accepts it from all

restraints of conscience. It provides

him with an allegedly scientific but basely false assurance that he is in no wise responsible for his actions however vile they may be since they are after all but in the course of nature. Let such a notion as that gain general currency and

you have dealt a devastating blow to all organized society. A free government

could no longer exist, for its perpetuity must depend upon the moral integrity of its citizens. Only an absolute, ironbound despotism could deal with a

situation like that.

One of the most deepseated issues of this world in our day is the issue between the concept of man as a son of

God possessed of an immortal soul with a Godgiven destiny and a guiding purpose in life and the concept of man dis-: possessed of individual rights which

lie universally respected, reduced must -...;,vr......:;-...-.. phi ******

*;. *r- '.'"V:-:::-:;-: - "::..:.. - ''-...,"SSs y * m, > status to the omniof a mere tool of an

potent state, the end in itself to which man's life is subordinated.Td Ease Ydur Toil The first of these is the foundation

It heritage from the is our founded. and Help Ydur Soil principle upon which our nation is of the teachings derives out fathers. It

of the Master; it is an integral part of

our religious faith. Buy an OLIVER No. 71 But it is fashionable to decry the

teachings of religion upon the supposed

With the need for better crop yields—to twentyeight loads an acre—with five ground that it is authoritarian and by its

when fields must be conditioned faster different settings for the lightest top pronouncements presumes to lay down and better than ever before—a really dressing to the heaviest application. for man rules of conduct and observbe- follow. should ances he which Not spreader good is a "must"implement If in a modern, you want all that's new infinite lieving in the omnipotence and farm today. on the streamlined, spreader, dependable objector the and of God, see wisdom power

Oliver's No. 7 Superior Spreader is a your Mountain States Implement Dealer. views the directives of religion as an

great timesaver and helps to preserve His stock will be limited though, beattempt on the part of some man to setthe fertility of your soil. It's built for cause of machinery restrictions, but he tle forever all truths with which man is

if to the to are of concerned deprive able and help might him you be you it's to endurance, ready rugged and his freedom This, of of judgment. of this own thinking buying spreader a new field all rough, stand up under bumpy entirely course, claims the misconceives year. in early get order your and So light Yet, that conditions. in draft its so mission of organized purposes and and too, that parts replacement remember,

it the pull twohorse ordinary can team religion. If is to assert that meant man for orother machinery should your be easily. finite his of is out limitations able, ownit

at to the untime avoid dered same the unguided voice authoritative of by The No. 7 has a wide feed range—four necessary delay in the field later on. wisdom, to create for himself an adequate guide for living, then the answer

is that experience, the history of the MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CDMPANY race, does the not support assumption.

OGDEN. UTAH

Branches: Ogden and Tremonton, Utah; Preston. Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, Shelley, Twin Falls, Tt is not my purpose to conduct an

Buhl, Rupert, and Rexburg, Idaho A argument about the contentions of the opponents of authoritative religion or 734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA longer these no agreements religion is no there today because preciselySUNDAY AFTERNOON obtain,tional 3 Choice Books... inthe of the view of general acceptance

soul and no immortal It is as an sufficient to dividual pragmatists. of the general for study and enjoyment salvation. eternal the hope of reliance upon that has been diswherever religionsay

as political such doctrines Consequently, confusioncarded moral anarchy and for the assume and Fascism Communism is that the followed. ofhave one And status the which religious century twentieth

politiinreasons for the confusion the they nineteenth; in the possessed doctrines

cal world today. Mr. C. E. M. Joad, an are not, that is to say, doctrines in regard

eminent English philosopher, an atheist to means to an agreed end, but doctrines driven by events to reconsider his in regard to ends about which there is no opinions, writes: agreement.

Where there is a large measure of genThus is clearly brought into focus the eral agreement in regard to ultimate ends, danger of shifting away from old moorpolitical doctrines can be represented as ings. When foundation principles are

means to their realization. Where, however, discarded, then shifting, vagrant, opporthere are no common ends to which the gentunistic substitutes for principles take

erality of men subscribe, political programs control and precisely because they are in In status the of themselves. endsassume the shift with opportunistic must they

the there nineteenth century general a was moods. popular of changing vagaries the thinking to people asagreement Prophetamong SMITH: toJOSEPH forward steady march Stability-—a individual.nature of the nature end and His Statesman is found. longer fixed a ward his that soul; of immortal end anwas was goal—no By Dr. G. Homer Durham

tried It is and the for to stand us salvation. eternal to achieve by Thus, when

vital Thirtyseven selections the from differed about the religion principles whenmen of and prved politics—even of utterances Joseph and differed differeneesthey about printried governmental spiritproved of and particular ethics—their

the realizing the torelated of political best writingsSmith—thoughtsual in value meeting method and land. ciples blessed our so have which individual, national, probworld and inthe individual's achieving nature and discerning the in have lems reconstruction the That may and now wedividual's there end. was, Moreover, of Christideal period tomorrow. An least at to it and, vision do and wisdom gift. at general speaking, agreement,broadly a mas

least in the western democracies, as to the among ourselves, resolve all our difkind of society which it was desirable to ferences n the basis of right, I pray, establish. Owing to the decline of tradiin the name of Jesus. Amen.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

{Concluded from page 689) a near whimper of despair, it suggests really that but it is not in fact a science, to astrology destructive Lines more Price scientific a philosophy from exempt been written. hardly Anycould have

clever deceiver can make ten percent testing. Such admissions of weakness $1.50

of his guesses, concerning any ordinary do not encourage belief in astrology.

subject, come true. Moreover, even a casual examination of

astrological of the magazines of any believers there been from have That the THIS DAY AND ALWAYS that reveals astrology bedis a day in the times ancient ruling powermost By RICHARD L. EVANS superstitions other fellow from with for evidence stars is not an theof

to the A book "Unto to numerology. lifts its palmistry is ageold,astrology. and Error Hills"of treasured a volume companion... Latterday Saints do not believe in spiritual for interludes fact, it personal readIn dares. howwheneverhead

ever, though many otherwise learned any system that makes man a creature ing... a priceless gift for a friend.

men, before the days of experimental of unknown, unintelligent forces, which science, toyed with astrology, there destroy human free agency. They do

were more in those days who declared it not believe in any system that opens the evil. The few astronomers who turned future to human eyes, and, therefore,

at times to make an astrological horodestroys the incentive for toil and progscope, usually for a powerful political ress. Patriarchs state possible human

figure, often did so to discover whether destiny, under conditions of obedience or not there was virtue in the procedure. to God's law. Prophets do the same in

forbehalf of the Church. is no ThereThey were experimentalists—seekers Price tunetelling in the of Christ. Church Theafter truth.

In our age of science every observaattempts at particular prophecy, as to $3.00

tion and interpretation have been tested time and place, have usually failed.

for their truth by common sense methMen holding the Holy Priesthood, ods. By this method every science has and their wives, sons, and daughters,made immeasurable progress. When ershould set their faces against astrology, BRIGHAM YOUNG the Colror has been found, it has been rejected. one of the many deceptions with which onizer

In the scientific age, astrology remains the evil one seeks to destroy the chilBy DR. MILTON R. HUNTER

dren of men. Itthe adhas not unchanged. same, of history Authentic vision of a man

story courage of. the epic and it placed nor a has beenvanced on References:

of the wilderthe Mormon Itscientific basis. drink continues to Jastrow, Joseph, The Story of Human ness. skilled a A great conquest. history—by.

writer. superstition Error of fount unthefrom and

proved traditions; and fattens upon the Hering, Daniel W., Foibles and Fallacies

Science of people.gains stupid but innocent from THE BOOKCRAFT COMPANY

"Scientists Mayall, and St. at As18 Bok Look Richards itsIt principles not subjected has and

1, Salt City Lake Utah (Scientific trology,"52:233) Monthly investigation.results to rational Please copies send of books of Folly A., AstrolWidtsoe, "The John checked below: this exodium, Facing and making ProphetStatesman....$2.25 4:289295) Smith: Joseph (Improvement Era ogy"

its failures, for manifestcuses astrology This $1.50 Always and Day Its Ellen, Astrology, History McCaffey,

$3.00 the Brigham Young ]H it is lost cries science, that a andnow in the Western Influence and World enclosed. Payment C.O.D. Send QColonizer

it is part,that in imhence only astrological of the magazines known on Any the Name isperfect. "lost"market. that a answer The

science is not science at all. And with—/. A. W. Address

NOVEMBER, 1944 735

Your Page aid Ours

r"$p-2$'"'JfehSSvJ:

Message to "The Era"Impossible Belief a great through is gone has dealer: a "She who Shoe woman boys battlefields are of the today world the Mormon many

belief."for her deal ON conditions. services, crude very holding under though even

is belief."her "Indeed, Friend: what and in the out in meetings installation hold Italy our here At this we on a 5 shoe believes a No. she dealer: wear can "She Shoe silent are feeling us that "Angels the above open, warmed

foot."7 No. sacrament, the bless to the taking."kneel ground notes on withWe

using our canteen for the passing of the water and the lid of our mess kit for the bread (saving the slice that was given for Education Pays and Pays our evening meal).

asked shorthand?"about lads anything of know you "Any are daily, is however, and us over watching we Lord The

of recruits. of sergeant the bunch a arriving Since much. of the very blessings Master the enjoying

of Six fell out at once. response. a them quick There was different towns. our in Italy from home boys met have many we

in the cookhouse."shorthanded "Righto. They're in the states. while soldiered also with ones we whom

potatoes. six peeling the the spent morning So a.m., 10.00 at morning are meetings each holding Sunday We

and Monday evening at 7:00 p.m., with as many as forty in

time. at one attendance

had the pleasure of having Chaplain Eldin A Good Guess 28 we On August

Ricks visit us to give us a spiritual feast. Wifie: "I was just reading that statistics prove that school

Even though the trials and hardships are many, we as Morhers make the best wives, i wonaer wny tftat IsT mon fellows will carry forward those great principles for which Hubby: "Probably because they have learned to ask questhe Christ died on Calvary. tions, and keep quiet long enough to hear the answer."

(There 1 follow the signatures of seventytwo service men whose names cannot be published owing to O.W.I, regulations.

Never Too Busy -<S>- believe that ants are the most inyou "Do De Twitter:

in the creatures world?"Admiralty Islands dustrious

Beloved Friends: they "Guess are, how is it they find time McTweet: not—if

picnic along?"that comes attend every I received my first edition of the ra since going overto Today

seas, and what a source of satisfaction and inspiration concealed in its covers. Being the conference edition made it more

welcome. The inspiration derived from the servants of God Futility

cannot be duplicated, and I give thanks for this wonderful Professor (finishing long algebra problem) 'And so we find magazine. equals zero."X Being overseas I wish to express my loneliness for the Church "All that work for nothing?"Sophomore:

and priesthood but am making out fine. With the help of another Mormon fellow we have arranged for a meeting Sunday.

With God's blessings we hope to have some attendance and Good Excuse?

will continue in the future, even though we have no songbooks or materials. With the Lord we can accomplish our ambitions. Officer: "Why were you late to formation?"

Love timePrivate:getting "Iit squeezedback in theout tube,too muchsir."toothpaste and had a hard

Dennis T. Dial

-<S>- Cryptic 23 Booth Street Mrs. Catty: "My husband says he married for beauty and Handsworth brains."

Birmingham 21, England Mrs. Rapper: "Then you're not his first wife, I see!"

Dear Editors:

the to beacon continues be Era The fronts. all the in Saints this and war lightWeto servicereceive menand disand At the Source

tribute the copies which come to the mission and each copy is Tommy: "Father says, please could you lend him your radio

read by dozens and passed on to members and nonmembers. this evening?"

It is the best missionary in the field today. Neighbor: "Why, yes, sure. Giving a party?"

My own work continues to be variously challenging, disTommy: "No, we want to get a little sleep."

couraging, inspiring, difficult, commanding, absorbing, but withal sweetened by the thought that perhaps some small contribution is being made to a great cause. Therein I think is True to Form

is,"viz., serving finding and the to the for which joy "man key I at "Say, Neighbor: hear a Bobby, have you new baby

oneself, embracing encompassing and greater than cause a it Is girl?"house. or your a boy

loves. he those oneself and whom: it "I guess it sure (happily) boy, because must be a Bobby

brother, Sincerely your bath."they it a gave squawked when B. Brown Hugh

No Alternative Didn't Miss a One

Little the just fallen the stairs and lay Harold had on down three years, Refrom home been had away A Scotsman floor, groaning. rushed His mother and asked, "Did you to him beards. brothers his long wearing four turning, he found

miss a step?"all the hair-r?"he asked. "Why groaned the lad, "I hit them all.""No,"said one, Sandy,""dinna ye remember ye took the "Why,

razor wi'ye?"

Practical Answer Not Good Enough The editor of a local newspaper asked his readers to send in "Am I good enough for you?"sighed the young man. remarks on the subject, "Books That Have Helped Me."One

"No,"said the girl candidly, "you're not; but you're too of the replies was: "My mother's cookbook and my father's

good for any other girl."checkbook."

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Years from now they will thank you for a Perfect Gift

What a lovely gift it makes, this new 1945 Vogue! Wool 0'the West whose special woolworking skills

Every ounce of it worthy of the Wool O* the West won for them the prized Army:-Navy "E"award.

tradition for quality, workmanship and beauty.. Make an early selection of your Vogue from four

indeed an inspiration to the giving of fine virgin attractive colors... Peach, Blue, Green and Dusty

wool blankets at Christmas time. While war orders Rose... and you will present a constant reminder

continue to come first, the Vogue is the featured of your excellent taste. Lovers of jacquard patterns:

civilian blanket loomed by the men and women at Ask to see Wool O j the West NETHERLANDS blanket.

LOOMED BY

UJODL (TTHE UllEST PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS THEsavntiIMPROVEMENTPOSTAGE etJAflAKTEClTERA salt cake cttv;i."ir*ff

THE WAY OF HUMAN PROGRESS

Out of the hills.... strength

Out of adversity.. resourcefulness

Out of life's uncertainties.. security

Provide now for your dependents...

and for your own old age... through

adequate life insurance.