P i t I

une 1P

i

i

I IP

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

i

afaawiBiwaw

IMPROVEMENT

( Revolutionary new velvetflat wall and woodwork paint \ washes dem in & w'nkf

True, children should not make spots on walls. But,

no longer need you exclaim: "You've simply ruined

Mother's nice, clean wall!"No, not when your

walls (or woodwork) are finished with FULCOLOR—Fuller's NEW Latexbase interior paint.

FulColor washes clean with soap and water. All

those usually sohard-toclean spots—finger prints,

sugary deposits, lipstick, ink, grease—wipe off

FulColor easily, quickly, almost effortlessly

You see, as FulColor dries, its moisture evaporates, and its millions of Latex "beads"bind tightly together into a hard, smooth, nonporous surface that actually resists dirt. Nonporous FulColor

gives dirt no place to cling—holds dirt ON its

surface—not UNDER its surface.

You'll like FulColor. It's so easy to use, so quick

to dry, so easy to keep clean, so velvetlovely on walls and woodwork. Do try FulColor

AROUND LIGHT SWITCHES ALONG DOOR EDGES ON WINDOW SILLS BASEBOARDS, TOO

You miss that switch often; Door edges get soiled. FulDirt settles on sills; forms Despite care, waxing mops

leave finger prints on the Color paint washes clean in an unsightly crust! Fulmark baseboards. Nonpor-

wall. A damp cloth cleans a wink—helps keep doors Colored sills clean instantly ous FulColor holds wax ON

FulColor easily, quickly. clean, despite careless hands. with just soap and water. its surface, easy to wipe off.

If you need a reliable Painting and Decorating Contractor your Fuller Paint

Dealer will give you the names of several.

. o ways fctisief decorating

hln3<>. mtUes*****,aiad *.*** 0RlES.COLOR r,**.*zttZ fUl.C0LOR butterbw',er -*-ZZZgsezsr-,,w recoot in Can Spre- a.. p-lnlrf p<,,nnn9 EASIERhrd day WORKS...like ni.i"ho* M-Cor n0 d(rt **y) 'DIRT. <*- Po''"terS oesiSTS *(a eve, "Vol-. Holds No cing PAlNT lo ONE NO\N Crnd -Jwoodwork.. FULLR X ft* av,aY *jSS * A real *JlS?.. de. oround in"ollK Pr.3iiwoo "cV.no d,wale sover. and, so work seap b T*J ond

d Ifr..Uh SHEENmarre;,gents VELVET NO brushes, ijp r mutes. * n* PAINTS *"I?*T

'hrdsurfocedSl 'needed SAEETO iWS.-'Zllply even—* * Non.U AN room. closed heif (&$

Bey evermntedin 9 flatinteriorfi$/nt

Delicious! Different!r

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A delicate, golden brown, 7\ comparison of the mental ability slightly salted and flavor-** of Nordic, Alpine, and Mediterranean racial types in Germany, ful, they're so good you

France, and Italy has shown no important differences beween them. can't quit eating them!

T ndia with seventy million acres has Perfect with soups and * irrigated the largest of area any... wonderful with incountry, three the salads times the area

United States. spreads.

Inhabitants of Tierra del Fuego, at

A the southern end of South America, in less than a century were reduced in numbers from about sixty thousand to two hundred, largely through infection with smallpox, measles, and tuberculosis.

tn 1936 the average Korean farms

A were 3.6 acres, with twothirds of

them in 1938 less than 2.4 acres, and

half of them less than 1.2 acres.

TT is believed that birds must have some mechanism which allows their feet to become about the same temperature as the material surrounding them.

Dr. John T. Zimmer reports that it

would not be possible for a bird to eat enough food to keep its feet at body temperature in subzero weather, and it is common to see ducks paddling about in icy water. At the other

temperature extreme Canada jays have perched for thirty to forty seconds on the rim of an iron pot on an almost redhot stove, and they have even stood on the stove itself for live to eight seconds seemingly without actual discomfort.

T} esults of the United States 1950 census showed, among other things, that the size of the family decreased from 3.8 members in 1940 to 3.4; that

the median age increased from 29 in 1940 to 31.2; that almost half of the

3,103 counties lost population during the decade; that by 1947 the average

person fourteen years and over had completed two years of high school compared to only one year in 1940;

that the proportion of nonwhite persons in 1950 was about ten percent, the as in to 1940 but compared same Crackers in percent 1790; that twenty Negroes purity JOM HoUSe

there were one hundred women to ninetyeight men, compared with one PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix hundred six men to one hundred women in 1910.

JUNE 1951 385 mmm>mm A DAILY GOOD TURN

'T'uesday in New York City, the sixBy DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

teenth of day hot July, was Science Department, and Head of Political sultry. the morning sun Even seemed University of Utah

to radiate warm steam. The wellworn

gray suit which clothed the young man walking from Times Square towards

Sixth Avenue was of a weight better suited to the northern European clisionary or an insurance salesman mate in which it was purchased. Bewould have said no, and the returning

sides, it had been worn constantly for elder said, "Thank you, yes."There

twentysix days, since its owner had ensued a delightful twenty minutes of been released from one of the Euroconversation in which scouting and pean missions. The young man looked Y.M.M.I.A. work in the L.D.S. Church

down at his shoes, then at the baggy abroad was discussed.

My child loves all trousers. Something, apart from the Then said the executive, "We're

heat, had to be done to spruce up having luncheon for the BadenPowells these inspiring stories, his appearance! At one o'clock he was at the Waldorf next Tuesday at 1 p.m.

to appear at the entrance to the ballThey are returning to England after pictures, games! room of the magnificent Waldorf- a world tour of scouting. George AlAstoria, on the slim chance of getting bert has written for a table of ten, and

SO WILL YOURS! Ladyinside toBadenPowell,a banquet honoringfoundersLordof andthe I know"Georgehe'll Albert"want youwasat hisPresidenttable."

scouting movements. George Albert Smith,

"I'd always known the importance of fine then general superinreading as an inspiration to my child's mind tendent of the Y. M.

and imagination. But I didn't know what M. I. A. and a member

to read, until I discovered Childcraft. On Saturday the thirof the national executive

"I found Childcraft to be a remarkable anteenth, fresh from Eucommittee of the B.S.A.

thology of the best in children's literature, rope a few hours earlier, The young man was chosen by leading educators, for children the returning missionary gratified and delighted.

13.from 3 to

had hurried to #2 Park But even L.D.S. missionWONDERFUL ADVANTAGES Avenue, 17th floor, naaries know some of the

"It's a real joy, believe me, to watch my tional offices of the Boy amenities and have tastes, ideals,child high and forming good In his Scouts of America. learned convenEuropean restraints and many

in interest reading, active encouragedan field labors. tions in mission mission their missionary as he had served He stories, fascinating and biogby the poems

raphies in Childcraft. My child is thrilled superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A., had thanked the chief executive and said

at the wonders of Nature, Science and Art, been instrumental in organizing some that although President Smith knew his illustrated.so described marvelously and first officiallyregistered family, of the certain Scout that he would he was

Childcraft at is wonderful bringingAnd to important conpeople under L.D.S. leadership in that have more talents, interestingout with its extroops hidden

planations of games and things to do. mission, and, in fact, was fresh from sider for the ten places than a stray

the glorious experience of conducting missionary from Europe.

SOLVES MY PROBLEMS the first missionwide M.I.A. June conDr. Fisher laughed. He knew OF CHILD GUIDANCE

ference that mission. to ever be held in far Albert better than Smith George in Childcraft furnish Parent Volumes"The

jobless, returning and home, now for guidance, planan ideal prepared all his for at by faAlone experience the youth, in era the of unemployment, young an specialists. child It helpsmous me avoid abroad. despite protests and So home

I heartily mistakes.so recommend many seeking every opportunity was man official at the to the be Walsaid: "You toChildcraft mother."every friends for find guidance an and make at 1 next p.m."dorf Tuesday

FREE Booklet uncertainThere had futurebeen tripsin anto uncertainthe campusesage.

all Inspiring,Discover the helpful things Childvisits to and N.Y.U.; of Columbia

craft for can Mail do you. couyour child—and

faith in A Scout, even if not registered, is of his York members for valuable tells New thatpon today FREE booklet you the amazing facts! their Manhattan offices; and, on the obedient. This Tuesday found the

advice of the European mission presibaggy pants and creased coat roaming dent, this call at Scout headquarters. in search of a fiftycent "press 'em

He entered the large airy suites houswhile you wait."The search was sucing the organization. A young Scout cessful.

in uniform offered greetings.

America's Famous ChildGuidance Plan "Is D. Alton Partridge in?"The

Despite the improved, if soiled, outfrom remembered name was one a timid appearance, and Scout ward it was past. jamborees in years in UtahMail FREE Booklet Coupon that restrained youngster walked

Mr. Childcraft Williams, C. IE said the boy, younger "No,"portals the the Waldorf, "he's through of

P. O. Chicago 6139, 80, Illinois BoxT.

at Schiff the showing BadenCamp of labyrinth the through found his way Please obligation, rush without me, valuable FREE tells that the booklet about inspiration and help my Powells around the reservation."Then sofas, lamps, and lush American extechild Childcraft. with I can enjoy and

the uniformed lad said: "Would you riors to the ballroom anteroom. The Name like to see Dr. Fisher?"itself latter light green magnificent was Address

City State Dr. Fisher was the chief executive. hangings, altogether too many mirrors,

Anyone but a Latterday Saint mis- (Continued on page 478) 386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Seed of the Green Bay Tree

he story of Bingham may be likened to a From 1863 to 1904, gold, silver and lead chronicle of planting from which the seed grew were the principal metals extracted from the to "flourish like the green bay tree."mountains west of Salt Lake. Then—and this

Back in 1863—September 17th, to be exact was the most prolific seed of all—the idea of

—the initial tree was planted with the locating one man brought about the establishment of

of the Jordan Lode, Utah's first mining claim. Utah Copper. First a dream, later a reaiity,

In December of that year, this most famous Utah Copper grew with each year to become mining district, and the first in the Utah Terthe State's biggest taxpayer, freight shipper, ritory was organized as West Mountain to and purchaser of supplies, as well as one of its include the entire Oquirrh Range. Thus a largest employers. The resulting benefits help

second seed took root. Nourishment came make Utah a better state to live in.

from Colonel Patrick E. Conner, early comThe success of this major enterprise, increasmanding officer at Fort ingly important to our

Douglas, and known as welfare and security, is the Father of Utah minowing to the American ing. He encouraged the teamwork of competent

prospecting responsible workers, shareholders,

for pioneer discoveries in and you, the Public. All

this district. Since that three together provide

time Bingham Canyon has played a leading role the soil and climate essential to produce a in the progress and development of our State. "Green Bay Tree"of Utah's mining industry.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION KENNfCOn COPPER CORPORATION k,. a "A Good Neighbor Helping To Build A Better Utah"m:

JUNE 1951 387 LJfficiai LJraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ASSOCIAIMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT EDUCAOF DEPARTMENT TIONS,

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE ERSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jke Lhurcn of

/T85U.6 Lhrldt

of <JLatlerdau Saintd h*i -nJ r& VOLUME 54 NUMBER 6 dune 1951

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALDEditor: BURLF. BENNETTSHEPHERD - - G.ArtHOMERDirector:DURHAMNELSON WHITE THE COVER

FRANKLIN CLAUDES. HARRIS,B. PETERSENJR. - HUGHSIDNEYNIBLEY B.- SPERRYLEE A. PALMER David Oman McKay became ninth

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER president of the Church of Jesus Christ

Director: Business Manager: - Advertising JOHN D. GILES 9, 1951. Saints, April The Latterday VERL F. SCOTT of

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR taken photograph by Boyart was cover

Studio. This is the second in a series

of five fourcolor covers featuring Church leaders. Pictures of President Stephen L

Richards, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

The Editor's Page andfollow.President Joseph Fielding Smith will

"Keep the Faith"David O. McKay 397 A number of the photographs used in

this issue were furnished by courtesy of

Church Features TheTribuneDeseretTelegram.News, and the Salt Lake

Evidences and Reconciliations: CLV—What Was the Vocabulary

of Joseph Smith?...John A. Widtsoe 399

The Greatest Responsibility—the Greatest Honor David O, McKay 406 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

The Transforming Power of Faith in Jesus Christ. David O* McKay 406 50 North Main Street

Confidence in the Promises of the Lord Stephen L Richards 409 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Kinship of Spirits—(Church of the Air Add*)...Stephen L Richards 410 Y.W.M.I.A.Salt LakeOffices,City40 North1, UtahMain St.

Not Where You Serve, But How J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 412 Copyright 1951 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaFellowship, Unity and Love Joseph Fielding Smith 413 Associationtion of the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusimprovementChrist of

Conference Index 389... And Call a Solemn AsscriptionLatter-dayprice,Saints.$2.50 Alla year,rightsin advance;reserved. foreignSubChurch The Moves On 392 sembly"465 subscriptions,single copy. S3. 00 a year, in advance; 25c Priesthood Melchizedek

City, Office, Salt Lake Entered the Post Utah, at President PoliMcKay Explains Presiding Bishopric's Page 466 for as secondclass matter. mailing Acceptance

Aides cy in Choosing 464 in for of section provided rate special postage at 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Special Features solicitedThe Improvementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unAll manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

postage for delivery and return. David O. McKay—Portrait of a President Richard L. Evans 400

Tributes Paid to President George Albert Smith...Doyle L. Green 404 Change of Address

The Spoken Word from Temple Square dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adslip from issue a recent of the magazine. - Richard L + Evans 436, 457 addressAddress be unless changes cannot the old made

Highlights in the Life of President David O. McKay 459 address as well as the new one is included.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Striped Wallpaper, Louise Price National Advertising Representatives

S. Harris, Jr. 385 Bell 469

These Main Dishes Daily Good 470 for Summer Times—A

Turn, G. Homer Durham Hints 386 Handy 471 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

On the Bookrack 390 Budget Your Wishes 472 San Francisco, California

Today's Family....Burl Shepherd Your Page and Ours 480 HENRY G. ESCHEN,

Lessons in Eating 368 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Los Angeles 17, California HARRY V. LYTLE

Poetry 332 ChicagoSouth Michigan4, IllinoisAve.

Frontispiece, As Long as There Are Words and Music, A. Leslie SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Golden Hours, Elaine V. Emans 395 Derbyshire....440 New York 17, N. Y.

Poetry Page 396 Boy In Kitchen, Anobel Armour....477

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Konfemnce rndex

Speakers

Benson, Ezra Taft 421 Bowen, Albert E. 446

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr. 412

Cowley, Matthew 430 Ivins, Antoine R. 456

Kimball, Spencer W 432 Lee, Harold B. 417

McKay, David O. 406, 478

Merrill, Joseph F. 423

Moyle, Henry D. 452

Petersen, Mark E. 427

Richards, LeGrand 419 Richards, Stephen L 409, 410, 455

Romney, Marion G. 412

Smith, Eldred G. 415

Smith, Joseph Fielding 413, 426

Sonne, Alma 456 Stapley, Delbert L. 442

Widtsoe, John A. 428

Young, Clifford E.. 438

Young, Levi Edgar 416

Subjects Grind Your Own Wheat Brotherhood 409 Courage 412Faith 406, 421, 452, 455 With The

Free Agency 423 Hope 412 Intelligence 446 Inflation 423, 455 Indians 416 Judgment 446 Love 423, 452 Missionary Work 417, 455, 456 Obedience 41 Purity 406 Repentance 423, 427 Righteousness 412, 446, 456 Save the precious vitamins in your wheat

Scouting 42 Service 406, 412 by grinding it in small lots as you

Seventies 416, 456 Spiritual Growth 409 use it. The Osterizer grinds wheat fine enough

Spiritual Kinship 409 Tributes to President Smith. 438, 452, 456 to make graham bread or biscuits. It also liquefies,Testimony 426, 428, 442

Ten Truth Commandments '. 421, 426, 456456 beats, mixes, blends, churns, pulverizes, shreds,

Valiance 432 whips and chops. Base fits fruit jar top.

Welfare Program 417 Witness 417, 428 Young People 421 With enamel base, 39.50 419,

With chrome base, 44.95

Note: Sermons of President David O. ZCMI HOUSEWARES—Downstairs Store

McKay, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

President Richard L. Evans, Bishop Joseph Mail Orders Promptly Filled Add 61 c postage

L. Wirthlin, and Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson, delivered at the general priesthood

meeting, are not printed in The Improvement Era but will appear in the Conference Report, as will the addresses of several mission presidents who spoke at the general sessions.

The following General Authorities did not speak at the conference: President

Oscar A. Kirkham, President Milton R.

Hunter, President S. Dilworth Young,

President Bruce R. McConkie, and Elder

Thomas E. McKay.

JUNE 1951 389 il BOORRACK VARIABLESPEED DRIVE a

THE TRUTH ABOUT SMOKING HUSlLtS YOUR HARVEST (Roger William Riis, with a special section on "How To Stop Smoking,"by Henry C. Link, Gelolo McHugh, J.

P. McEvoy, and Courtney Ryley

Cooper. 67 pages (quarto). Grosset &

Dunlap, New York City. 1951. $1.00.)

HPhe author of the famous Reader's

Digest article, "How Harmful are

Cigarets?"presents here his studies of

the effects. He leans over somewhat

in his efforts to be fair, yet the conclusion of the book is that smoking is injurious to human health.

His own experience summarizes best the contents of the book:

"A month after the article appeared in print, the best medical advice I could get told me to stop smoking entirely, because of a heart condition.

I did stop, abruptly and completely, as of one day when I wasn't feeling very

VariableSpeed drive gives you a wide range of speeds by small well anyway. I have not smoked now

steps in each of three forward and one reverse gears. Separator for eleven months. This is what I

runs at steady, governed speed while combine travels fast or note:

it I but don't smoke, spongladness, not slow as crop and field conditions require. Reduces gear shifting. is "1.a rationalizedI am glad

Hydraulic header Control raises and lowers header fast and taneous."2. Frequently, maybe three times a

accurately to cut the crop at exactly the right height in all day, I feel a sharp desire to pick up conditions. Works with handy foot pedal and enginemounted and light a cigaret.

oil pump. It's simple, dependable, practically troublefree. "3. I have an immensely improved

sense of smell, a far keener sense of

YOU also get an extra long straw rack; AirLift cleaning; taste, which is a real pleasure, and a

choice of spiketooth or rubbar cylinder; extra strength, long much more eager appetite.

life, and operating economy built into all Case machines. Case "4. I am glad to be rid of the incessant little tyrannical business of

SelfPropelled Combines are built in 9 and 12foot sizes. reaching for a cigaret, not having a

America's Favorite match"5. Iorfeelan muchash tray,moreetc.my own man,

Combine for Saving a civilized, independent chap who has

Grain and Seeds even saved some $143.00. And yet,

The 6-foot Case Model I'd surely be glad to have a cigaret, "A"Combine is famous right now!"

in clean fast for work while somewhat The bibliography, different 100 than more students to limited, will be very useful tiny hardcrops. From

and grass toget A. W. legume of smoking.—/. flowers, grains, seeds to

vegetables or big brittle beans, it does an outIS SMOKING HARMFUL?

standing job of delivering (Jesse Mercer Gehman, N.D., M.N.

clean whole seed. G. & R. Anthony, Inc., New York City.

89 pages. 1950. $1.00.)

HPhe distinguished author of Smoke

SEND FOR MORE FACTS TODAY! Mail Coupon over America has here assembled

and presented the research of the in margin. others that write you, that that prove investigations machines Tear numerous Mark

Address in envelope. mail or postcard intereston paste out and coupon smoker harmful. Every smoking is Wis. Racine, I. E-44, Dept. Co., Case to J.

SelfPropelled Combines DLarger 2-plow and all nonsmokers, young and old,

D 6-foot Model "A""SC"Tractor should read the book. The book is a

9 and 12 -foot pull types DFast 3-plow "DC"dependable, forceful, intelligent weap- 5-foot Model "F-2"Tractor D are that of the habits against one 4-5 plow on Mighty DLowcost2-plow"VAC"and of people the health destroying Tractor "LA"Tractor thereby sapping the strength of AmerNAME. ica. All statements made are backed

up with quotations from competent

POSTOFFI CE authorities. There is a helpful chapter

RFD STATE. for those who want to stop—/.smoking.A. W.

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Why The fulnih)Readim Club Offers

FINE OF THESE T MEMBERSHIP LIBRARY VOLUMES 1 (VALUE UP TO $15.40)

for only

sssrf

you are booksJ<ff&to&shown wonderful hi >mthe member on th*PJg* YR ks rt&$0 assSSS flSl, with VES,Y$1.89

Founded Wrt*** Club. and Ung worthwhile, jfgf"**%"* Fam- - are the way> Which m any ob,ecaonabe JL iiiil being ithout ust is w j Club fc jly Reading

WHICH 3 OF THESE GREAT BOOKS SHALL WE SEND YOU?

SON OF A HUNDRED KINGS DILIGENCE IN LOVE

By Thomas B. Costain By Daisy Newman

The famous author of "The Black Rose"A courageous and forthright novel about now weaves a story of Canada at the turn a sophisticated career woman and how she of the century. This is a rich novel that discovered the true meaning of love, faith

you will surely enjoy. Pub. edition, $3.00. and happiness. Publisher's edition, $2.75.

DECORATING HOME OF FAVORITE HYMNS CREATIVE FAMILY BOOK

The Rockows By Austin By Arthur for working stepby-step methods than music to words and 100 of Complete more The illustrain your home. 500 real wonders love Includes Americans the hymns most.

short commentaries and histories of each. tions, 41 fullcolor "demonstration rooms",

Illustrated. Publisher's edition, $4.95. charts, etc. Publisher's edition, $4.95.

AMERICA COOKS Funk & Wagnalls NEW COLLEGE

By The DICTIONARY STANDARD finest Contains over in of guide different basically word The first recipes—theBrowns

of the each mouthwater- 48 entries; 1,420 145,000 Contains years! 1600states—from

favorites to ing oldfashioned taste modern size..'n measures pages A * 9 'A". 6V2"

in delights. kitchen. every Should be edition, $5.50. Pub. for you. volume; must

THE THREE MEANINGS STORIES OF THE GREAT OPERAS

By Harry Emerson Fosdick By Milton Cross all action, aria, the comevery the in Three big, books Meanings of Contains bestof the plete stories world's of 72 Faith Prayer, and Service,one—theto help you understand Christian truth and acquire keenloved operas. 627 pages offer many years of

er appreciation of the Christian way of life. rewarding study. Publisher's edition, $}.75.

WINTER WEDDING THE EDGE OF TIME

By Martha B. Harper By Loula Grace Erdman

Escaping from bitter tragedy, a young and A gentle story of a woman who was "secheartbroken Pennsylvania girl decides to ond choice"bride of a handsome young leave her Civil War home. Here is how she farmer, and how she faced a marriage in

found comfort and love in faroff Iowa. which she could not completely believe.

f THIS OFFER! SENSATIONAL NOW/ MAIL COUPON MAKE WE

this Family Club Reading makesTheWHY Books Free "Bonus"

I offer to demonstrateunusual THREE memTHE how YOU BOOKS distributes Reading Club Family WANT CHECK a The in thebership best Club you the free THE READING CLUB FAMILY for four Club each IN Book "Bonus"MEMBERSHIP WITH at enjoyableand most books much newbrings will take. books you These 6-ER, MINEOLA. YORK Dept. NEW CLUB, READING FAMILYless retail editions! publishers'the than of excelstandards Club the selectionsmeet high

checked I invited publishers are have to three the once books SonEach month of at Hundred a Please send interest, superior writing me and first will believe they thesubmit and Gift meet Books books as Membership right the at subject my lence,wholesome can matter—and Kings you

all for delivery) (plus standards.Family bill Reading Club only Our selection, and library me fine this at up a way home

it selects the of Readthe Editors Family of then book aBoard as enroll member$1.89 Also three. expense. me extra of purchase buildno in books Love The Diligence

the of review enthusiasticallycan to recommend most each a month, me, send ing Club and for only $1.89 inthe from Club each—

of privilege are which every the I booksmembers. selection. These have forthcoming Club's publishers'retail stead of regular the Creative Home

if to any accept can I family not read—books your wish ofmember advance notifying do prices you of to $2.50 $4.00—saves to you 25% Decorating pleasure, theto of be read with remembered I any purchase to or wish selection, dollars. whetherin of the your book And when

delight, price discussed retained with andand special members'the offered—at alternate in, books 35%value of the figured Books Bonus

] College Standard New.in f library your pride. There handling) with home (plus postage and of each only actually save as isas you much 50%! Dictionary accept fees, I or and dues may are $1.89membership no Membership To What You Means Join Send—No Money Now comthe selections during alternates or as four as few is for There in charge If believe in no membership club a will you book which Stories of Complete free will receive a As a member, ing months. twelvethe Reading cost Family the beyond Club finest appeal instincts to the of every alterthe Great or Iselections Operas four Club with each Book Bonus theof themselves. books only let of pay family, You your introduce us member

I accept. nates (plus$1.89 handling) each postage and to you Family the Reading Club NOW, of Time The Edgefor the after bookyou purchase reading of while get choice your you can ANY P Mr.the will review to book which your of come described the books wonderful THREE Wedding Winter Mrs is It necessary to eachhome month. not as G your here—two Membership FREE print) (Please Misspurchase every a book four first month—only selection your one as and Club Meanings Three The yeareach to retain All membership. your total value high as as only $15.40—for Gift,—a Street and No.

selections are complete, new, wellmoney, Send just mail no the couCooks America nprinted wellbound. and your books today. And this $1.89!pon as However, unusual

State....Zone. Citywill delivered be to your door by the time, be withdrawn at any offerurge may we of Family Book I, if 2 105 Age, In Canada: price Bond read! to [Samepostman—ready to the mail you coupon NOW! Favorite S. the only in andSt. Canada.Toronto J Hymns good U. A. Offer 21. Under

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK L

JUNE 1951 391 THE CHURCH MOVES ON M <UJaiA. Uo J-)a(j LhrovioloaiA yJr i-kurck (Lventd

The directors and instructors of the -| O President David O. McKay was

-*- ordained and set apart as PresiMarch 1951 L. D. S. institutes of religion convened

for a conference. dent of the Church by the Council of

ft fl Fire destroyed the fourhundred- The Presiding Bishopric conducted the Twelve in their regular meeting in ""foot temporary sorting and loadan evening meeting for bishoprics, the Salt Lake Temple, Elder Joseph ing platform of the Church welfare Aaronic Priesthood leaders, and others, Fielding Smith being voice. President

coal mine near Orangeville, Emery in the Tabernacle. David O. McKay then set Elder

County, Utah. The body of President George AlStephen L Richards apart as first

2h Elder Henry D. Moyle of the bertAdministrationSmith lay building.in state in the Church counselorElder J. Reubenin theClark,FirstJr.,Presidency,as second

* Council of the Twelve and chairPresident Israel A. Smith of the Recounselor in the First Presidency, and

man of the Church welfare committee organized Church of Jesus Christ of Elder Joseph Fielding Smith as presiannounced that the coal mine fire was Latter Day Saints arrived in Salt Lake dent of the Council of the Twelve.

confined to a "makeshift"tipple, and City from his home in Independence, President David O. McKay became

that excavation had been started for Missouri, to attend the funeral serv- a member of the executive board of the new structure some time ago. This ices of President George Albert Smith. the Salt Lake Council, Boy Scouts of

Church welfare mine has a top producMany returned missionary and servAmerica.

tion rate of about two hundred tons icemen's groups held their semiannual that announced Y.W.M.I.A. The 52.3 percent of its a day. About outreunions. 13 to been given 20,818 awards had institutions, goes put such to Church

attendance girls of the the Church for hospitals, chapels, schools. as and The conferof the sessions General in the girls'achievements other and rest is distributed bishops'orders on 7 the for "were canceled ence funerprogram. in families the to needy Church. Smith. al President Albert of George

thirty thousand passed estimated genAn 1 Howells, Adele Cannon \ * during late President bier Gordon B. Hinckley, executive the of the of the president eral Primary

28 secretary of the Church radio, the two days it was viewed. The Salt sociation of the Church since JulyAspublicity, and mission literature comLake police department assigned fifty 1943, died at the age of sixtyfive.

mittee announced that a new edition of uniformed officers to direct the reverthe Book of Mormon in Dutch would ent crowds and the traffic. 1 C Rawlins Branch, formerly part

soon be ready. It is being printed in President Smith's funeral was con- -* "of the West Central States MisHolland. ducted in the Tabernacle at 2:00 p. m. sion, annexed to Lyman (Wyoming)

An estimated fifteen thousand were in Stake.

the Tabernacle and on the grounds.

thousand than fifteen men More April 1951 and 1*- O"andPresidentsMilton R.S.HunterDilworthof theYoungFirst priesthood meetgeneral attended boys

Inthe appointed of Seventy Council ing. a Smith Albert President George to for the coordinators Church dian missionof returned groups Other * at his family died at 7:27 p. m. enlarged Church an program head reheld their aries servicemen and residence. people. the Lamanite among unions. fortyfifth of annual conference The anUniversity Brigham Young

the Association convened. Primary A history 6500mile Church a of nounced Richards L Elder Stephen o for the association yearround program the this Before for coming tour June. adof the Council Twelve the announced. was will intensive fiveday there be an tour the of Air of the the Church dressed It that the announced was hymn the in history given on course Church His System. Broadcasting Columbia Sing, book, Children which was The university campus.

Spirits."of "Kinship subject was for junior children of the prepared

Sunday School and Primary AssociaGeneral conference sessions were O President David O. McKay, in

tion, but is for children everywhere, resumed. "his first outof-state appointment

had come from the press. "The Standard Works of the since becoming President of the

Church Affirm the Divinity of Jesus Church, dedicated the combination the of the theme was sessions of the PriChrist,"Concluding annual Gridley Ward chapel—Gridley (Cali-

** of Deseret the Sunday conference held. conference were fr mary fornia) Stake house.

D. L. Roberts of Ogden, Utah, was School Union, which was held in the President Royal J. Brinkerhoff was

named to the newlycreated post of Tabernacle. sustained as president of Wayne

national director of the Church of (Utah) Stake, with Voyle L. MunJesus Christ of Latterday Saints re- Q President David O. McKay was son and Freeman J. Sorensen as counlationships service, Boy Scouts of sustained as President of the selors. President Willis A, Oldroyd

America. Church during the solemn assembly and his counselors George Alma

held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. He Taylor and J. Worthen Jackson were

O The one hundred twentyfirst anchose as his first counselor, President released after eleven years of service.

"nual general conference of the Stephen L Richards, and as his second

Clark, in the Tabernacle. President Church counselor, convened Reuben J. is 24 North(Salt LakeJordanCounty)and OquirrhStakes, in Fielding first conference Smith It was the Joseph the memJr. President

ory of most people to be conducted by the new president of the Council of the transferred from Jordan Valley Region the Council of the Twelve. Twelve. {Continued on page 394)

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (y/Mfimt cAotce chattyAea THE GAS RANGE HAS IT!

IFtheyouspeedwantoftomodernsave time,gas you'llcookery.welcomeTake turecan immediatelyfor every food.obtainAndthewhenright youtemperaturn

top burners, for example. When you turn gas down there's no lingering heat to cause

on the top burner of an automatic gas boilovers or scorching.

range, you have instant heat. Any of a

thousand or more heats, too, from full flame The best way to enjoy the many advanfor fast boiling to mere pinpoints of flame tages of gas is in a new automatic gas range.

for keeping foods warm. This visible flame See the new models at dealers'. Look for

heat eliminates guesswork. You can always the one that fits your family needs. You'll

see exactly how much heat you have... find that it costs less to buy, less to operate.

cooks defter, cosis fess &IS MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

JUNE 1951 393 The Church Moves On GOSPEL MESSAGES {Concluded from page 392)

Compiled by Florence Pierce to Pioneer Region of the Church welfare plan.

FILLING A LONG FELT NEED FOR Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the

STUDENTS... MISSIONARIES CouncilSilver Antelopeof the forTwelvedistinguishedreceivedservthe

One of the Church's better known authors ice in scouting at the annual meeting and exhaustive researchers, Florence Pierce of Region 12, Boy Scouts of America.

Bible, the vital combined in has volume one

Doctrine the CovThe Silver Antelope is comparable to of the and Mormon, Book enants, and the Pearl of Great Price on the the Silver Beaver on a local council various principles of the gospel. level and the Silver Buffalo on the

national council level.

FIRST EDITION $3. t) r The appointment of Elder Mat-

A compelling book particularly for mission- "thew Cowley of the Council of that will enlarge aries in the field a book—

stimulate faith your the Twelve as adviser to the Deseret and and clarify your spiritual growth. Sunday School Union, announced. He

fills the vacancy caused by the appointment of Stephen L Richards to

TEMPLE Widtsoethe First isPresidency.also an adviserElderto theJohnSun-A.

RECORD dayMissionSchool.work among the Chinese of

BINDER thewithSanheadquartersFrancisco Bayof theareaChinesehas begun,Misimproved, Newly designed and will all accomodate present sion established at 1800 Seventeenth genealogical forms. Handy, Avenue, in the Sunset district.

easyto-use post binder, with Fifteen hundred copies of a new temple. gold embossed Every

L.D.S. home should have one. hymn book in Portuguese containing

Available in both words and music, for use by the

Durable Black or members of the Church in Brazil, came Leatherette Brown from the press.

Servicemen will soon receive An Early Leader Speaks! 27 L. D. S. "dog (identification)

tags,"it was announced. They will

MASTERFUL DISCOURSES also soon receive from the Church a small pocketsized directory of Church

AND WRITINGS OF meeting places adjacent to the camps of the armed forces. The booklet

will be similar to those issued during ORSON PRATT World War II.

Compiled by N. B. Lundwall

Today, the sound philosophy and religious \ A Elder Spencer W. Kimball of

understanding of Orson Pratt can mean much, ""the Council of the Twelve dedihis voice the past from and speaks from these cated the improved and extended with force. vigor pages new and

Windsor Ward chapel, Orem (Utah)

SECOND EDITION $ Stake.

REPRINTED BY President Milton R. Hunter of the

POPULAR DEMAND 4. First Council of the Seventy dedicated the Minersville Ward chapel, EVIDENCES AND TREASURES TO SHARE Stake. (Utah) Beaver $2.00 Melvin Westenskow RECONCILIATIONS Richards Presiding Bishop LeGrand

Dr. John A, Widtsoe BEFORE AMERICA Stake.Tooele (Utah) the $2.25 dedicated

COLUMBUS FAITH LIKE THE house, which will be used by the

Farnsworth Dewey $5.00 ANCIENTS

THE PLATES GOLDEN N. B. Lundwall $2.75 Tooelewards. Fifth, Eighth, and Ninth

Florence Pierce $2.50 BRANCHES Elder G. Homer Durham began a

ANCIENT AMERICA OVER THE WALL series of addresses under the general and the Ora Pate Stewart $1.00 title "An Invitation to Faith,"on the

BOOK OF MORMON STORY OF THE Church radio hour on KSL at 9:00

Dr. Milton R. Hunter BOOK OF MORMON p. m. and Thomas Ferguson $4.00 Florence Pierce $3.00

At Your Book Dealers or Order Direct From Mrs. Emma Lucy Gates Bow30 en, wife of Elder Albert E.

Bowen of the Council of the Twelve, died. She was seventy. A generation

ago she was at the height of an BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH international operatic career.

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA W?5".'{.<'

4 J

I'iV

K;:,.'% >N; -Si!

.,:'"*'-

,i1..*'<,,

—Photograph by Don Knight

n*> As Long As There Are Golden Hours

1 shall not stop expecting loveliness

As long as there are corners which it lies

Around, as long as seasons turn, as long

As there are golden hours to possess.

I shall not go with halfclosed ears and eyes,

Nor banish from my heart its little song

Of hope, nor walk as if I thought tomorrow

Held nothing beautiful, and nothing new.

For this I know for certain: When I await

Its coming to me presently, I borrow

Amazing confidence, and I accrue,

To the degree that I anticipate,

Much loveliness that never comes about

For those who swear it never will, or doubt.

delaine V. (L>r>mavi$

JUNE 1951 395 JOY IN ARTISTRY FATHER'S SERMON JOURNEY OF A CHILD

By Iris W. Schow By Leone E. McCune By Pauline Havard

* taken the journey knows artistry little things spent I 'he on God -*- child? a growing SoAndQUIETLYso he helived,closedwhothenowdoor,is gone; WHOBy skill creative joy in he found Reveals

Itself an end. He took the time to spill No more his gentle kindly soul Out of an ordered garden

A rainbow on the dragonfly's thin wings, Will touch the room with radiance. Into a trackless, wild

And where each mighty constellation Forest thick with dangers swings, This aching void we feel can be Hidden and disguised;

He placed the Pleiades far in the chill Endured by memories that reach, A wood of smiling strangers;

Gray heights to whet our gaze. His art Across the years, when every thought A journey not surmised.

could fill Of him is clean and sweet as days

The snowflake's frame with lace of frozen In April, he made bright with sweat Long may be the journey, strings. And labor of his steady hands. Strange the sights he sees

Giants and gnomes and wonders,

Let us who see the frecklesprinkled brow His speech came slowly to his lips, Elves and mysteries.

Intently knit above the model plane Devotion, sacrifice for home Yet through tangled branches

While sure young fingers balance parts And those he loved filled all his days. The sun gleams bright above,

to rest, His word was bond. And every act If his way is charted

Remember God might very well endow Conformed to one clear pattern that By the map of love.

His child with other aspects of his brain His faith had taught. More eloquent

Than those we think of as the godliest. Than words—the way he lived his life.

AVES IGNOTAE CYNTHIA SAID THE SAGE WAS POET (of the Audubon prints)

SILVER By Alma Robison Higbee By Rachel Mack

Ethelyn Kincher M. By things; feathered of the charm KNEW thing, sullen a should be dawn TThough HE scholar's * care artist's eye and With ring a bright Let magic words weave -said silver, the sage wasCynthia bright wing, fierce beak, them, painted still He all days; your For remember hills the said amethyst were She stare eye's throat, cold a throbbing hill, distant the leaves A red curve That to in the purple turned canyonsThat air. of of water Creatures and rain with or garland sun your words So veil twilight's mist. of theUnder

For song is anodyne for pain.

spent freely yet, although he And fields satin soft the said green wereShe time, of patience coins of and The filigrees with goldenBegemmed instrument imperfect mind's The rich clover sweet dandelions andWhere false into rhyme one him Betrayed GULL IN BLUE AIR for bees. busy Held honeydew forgot, facts Briefly, hampering when,

By Anobel Armour He named and painted what was not.Cynthia said the little river

bars, bits crystal on diamond air side at his blueWas the the of the small said song brown WithShe gull into rose a tide gray The thrushes cloud. AGAIN sunlight with spumed Of yellow

Was symphony filtered from the stars. Hearts are quiet things, and proud, By Queena Davison Miller

Yet like a trumpet down the sky color, gives worldCynthia warm my see heart to pulsed him fly, up The fruityfull, trees are Cherry artistry; this heart has masteredHer just a been beat had ago Who robins winging; happy With blind, learned I, though haveAnd bird, in riding water now true A is beautiful, again June vision the flow sunlight and Yellow lovers'singing! for Made to heart me!Cynthia's belongs air feathers blue know: which Of

Surely strongwinged gulls like these June is sun on daisies,

Prove the unknown verities And bees on fat red clover;

HER FIRST FORMAL And help the earthbound understand Shade where the river lazies,

How everything is in God's hand! With willow trees bent over.

By Joanne M. Thomas

roses, of flash is a June excitement, are with wide eyesHER bed. of a strawberry gleam The

is all face aglow; young Her closes begins and June first is this Green, her and Gold For sunsetred. and Dawnpink so. just to she look wantsAnd

Now around the floor she dances In her tucked and ruffled frock, R.S.V.P. FROM MARTHA

older She than her looks much years By Ann Williams... socks! beneath But are bobby

She could not come, she said, WILD ROSES To Butgathermustsummergo out,upinstead, jar and cup. In mason By Rowena Cheney

strawberries and grape, Wild the light of dawn roses—inWild hours; A CHOICE BIT TartEach plums,momentgooseberriesof her timeshape at other sweeter than Are

As bright as waking skies, they seem In sparkling drops of lime

The essence of all lovely flowers. By Thelma Ireland And ruby red and deep,

Deep purple that she'd keep Keeping my tryst with them today A June breeze whispered to the trees. Against some gloomy, gray,

At sunrise as we used to do, "** Was it an idle rumor? And bitter winter's day;

I breathe their fragrance and recall They laughed until they shook their sides; Then I should come and share

How much wild roses meant to you. It must have been choice humor. Her captured summerfare.

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >S9XN!>N>0?>

vDia J-reiident

*J-)avid La ulcJ\at

"Keep The Faith"

"But watch thou in all things, endure In all these perplexities, in all these wonafflictions, do the work of an evangederings, I would have them anchor their list, make full proof of thy ministry. souls with this thought: "I am going to keep

"For I am now ready to be offered, the faith, I am going to be true to the faith and the time of my departure is at hand. of my fathers until I have proved beyond a

"I have fought a good fight, I have doubt that that faith is not in harmony with finished my course, I have kept the truth."And I know the day will never come

faith."{II Timothy 4:5-7.) when a sincere soul can prove that this faith

is not in harmony with truth. A sincere

wrote Paul the Apostle to Timothy soul will find it in harmony with truth, for

So when Paul was a prisoner in Rome, posit is truth.

sibly facing the death to which he refers What does it mean to keep the faith? It

when he writes, "I am now ready to be means first, that we accept Jesus Christ, offered."not merely as a great teacher, a powerful

The part that I wish to emphasize of this leader, but as the Savior, the Redeemer of last message from Paul to a young man whom the world. Now I know that many students

he dearly loved may be put in three words: are reading comments from reputably great

"Keep the faith."educators who say that in order to be a

Once before, in a letter, Paul had urged Christian it is not necessary to accept Christ

Timothy to do this very thing—to hold the as the literal Son of God, it is not necessary

faith: to believe in the literal resurrection from the

"Let no man despise thy youth; but be grave. But he who keeps the faith will acthou an example of the believers, in word, cept Jesus Christ as the Son of God, the

in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, Redeemer of the world. This is the cardinal

in purity. principle of the Church of Jesus Christ

"... continue in them (the doctrine): for and the young man who keeps that faith,

in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and who holds to the truth of Christ's divinity, them that hear thee."(I Timothy 4:12, 16.) will keep in harmony with the Savior's teach-

"Hold the faith."Keep it. To some of ings by the spirit of faith.

you such an admonition might seem trite, And we walk by faith in this world. We

but I am thinking of young men and young are as the little boy who holds his father's women who are perplexed in their minds hand in the midst of a great city: The little

about the problems of the day, who are boy is confused by the din and bustle of the striving to harmonize the teachings of the crowd, and realizes that if he breaks away restored Church with some of the teachings he will be lost and may not be able to get they are hearing elsewhere, and with conback to his father. While he holds that

demnatory remarks which are made occafather's hand, however, he is safe. He has

sionally by their associates. These young an assurance that his father will lead him

men and young women are sincere in their back to his home. So it is with the young

desire to do right, and I believe they want the man who kefeps his faith in this latterday truth, but they are perplexed; they wonder {Concluded on following page)

sometimes with Pilate, "What is truth?"

'ifkt*.

...-- v->>:.

JUNE 1951 397

THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) tongued oratory delivered by men followed by these words, "Keep work. There may be confusion who have lost their anchorage in clean."

around him, his thoughts may be Christ, lead you away from that In this terse sentence was exdistracted, but he has his hand in truth. pressed a mother's most sincere

that of his Redeemer, and with To keep the faith means also to hope and prayer for the boy she faith in that spiritual inspiration he accept the fact that the Savior, a loved better than her own life.

will be led into truth, his conscience resurrected personal being, has ap- "Keep clean."To keep the faith of

will be awakened to that great peared in this dispensation and reour fathers we must be clean from spiritual reality which is all around stored the authority to men to the sins of the world, young men as us. preach in his name, and to officiate well as young women. Keeping the

Man is a spiritual being, a soul, in things pertaining to God. That, faith means just that.

and at some period of his life everytoo, is a great anchor. Some of the Is there anything which will conone is possessed with an irresistible young men say, "We do not know tribute more to the peace and happidesire to know his relationship to that"—but they believe it, and that ness of mankind than chaste living?

the infinite. He realizes that he is belief, with confidence in their parThe perpetuity of our government

not just a physical object that is to ents, with confidence in their own depends upon the stability of our be tossed for a short time from experience, their own feelings, homes, and the stability of our bank to bank, only to be submerged should be sufficient to hold them in homes depends upon the purity of finally in the everflowing stream of anchorage until the real knowledge the parentage in those homes, the life. There is something within him takes possession of them, as it will. fathers as well as the mothers.

which urges him to rise above himNo sincere youth can hold to this Youth of the land, when we say self, to control his environment, to truth and live in obedience to what keep the faith, we are but asking master the body and all things it inspires without receiving an asyou to be patriots as well as to be physical and live in a higher and surance of the reality that Jesus true men, to be strong in your youth, more beautiful world. Christ has appeared in this dispenthat you may be worthy of fatherIt was James Russell Lowell who sation. hood; young women, that you may

wrote in his description of that what that means to an unpossess the beauty of honorable and beautiful day in June: believing world! Who can grasp worthy motherhood. Thus you will

its full significance? What a revecontribute to the strength of your

Every clod feels a stir of might, lation to man regarding the Godcommunity, to the strength and perAn instinct within it that reaches head! What it means regarding petuity of the nation you love, and

and towers, life after death—and reality and to your own happiness here and

And, groping blindly above it for personal relationships after death! hereafter.

light, What it means regarding God's Oh, I love the Church that stands

Climbs to a soul in grass and fatherhood to man and the brotherfor these high ideals, not in theory flowers. hood of the human family! All only, but in practice; and I love the

these great questions are involved boys and girls who are inclined to

So there is in man a spiritual in that great declaration that Joseph protect themselves from the evils longing, a desire for spiritual comSmith received a personal visitawith which they are surrounded, munion which may at all times lift tion from the Father and the Son. who are anchored in the faith of

him from that which is physical and Again, to keep the faith means their fathers. We are not outgrowsensual to the realm of spirituality. that young men will strive to keep ing it, we cannot outgrow it. It is

I believe that in this day we are themselves as Paul asked Timothy truth; it is eternal. Gospel princicoming more to a realization of this to keep himself, "exemplary in acples are truly the "power of God ungreat truth. tion, exemplary in conversation, in to salvation."

:'. Young man, young woman, keep charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity."Finally, to keep the faith means

your faith. Know that the greatest 1 am reminded of a message that to keep the laws of our country. No

I of all Teachers, the Perfection of was sent by a mother to her son. man who keeps the faith will par-

( Humanity, the Redeemer of the It was written on a small package ticipate in illegal or disloyal acts.

world, is the only safe guide to all containing, I think, a present to her To accept Jesus Christ as the hungering souls. That is what boy. The mother sent it over with Son of God, the Savior of the world;

Mormonism teaches. It is not one of the missionaries, and it was to believe in the resurrection and in

dogma; it is a reality. handed to me in Liverpool to be the immortality of man; to be tolerMillikan, the great scientist, so forwarded to the boy. On the outant, charitable, benevolent, chaste;

wrote when he penned these words side of that package, written in the to defend the purity of the home;

"The most important thing in all mother's hand, was the boy's name, to be loyal to our country, and true the world is a belief in the reality to our Godthese are some of the of moral and spiritual values."virtues connoted by Paul's admoniThese thoughts I associate with tion to keep the faith.

that one safe anchor, keeping the God help us as young men and faith: the knowledge that Jesus women, as members of the Church,

Christ is the Redeemer of the world. to do this, I pray in the name of

Let neither sophistry nor goldenJesus Christ. Amen.

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Was The Vocabulary Of Joseph Smith?

"5it /4okn r. l/Wiatsoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Joseph Smith's mother wrote translation of the Book of Morthat of all her children he mon, he urged education upon was the least inclined to Evidences the people.

give his time to the reading of In short, Joseph Smith was 1 books. He was fond of outAND not better educated than the

door life and physical games. average boy of his pioneer peHis history mentions wrestling Reconciliations riod from a family reduced to

matches, jumping, and ball poverty, inured to toil with litplaying. Children grown to CLV tle chance for an eduation. His

manhood related the story of training came from his observ- games with the Prophet. ance of nature about him and

He grew up used to hard the people whom he met.

work. His father was chiefly a 3 His was a Bible reading famfarmer in the Palmyra days. ily. In those days on the fronJoseph had to take his share in tier, the Bible was the chief

the labors on the farm. When book of the household. Joseph

their farm labors permitted he was a Bible reader. That of

sought employment elsewhere. itself would aid much in the

Josiah Stoal employed him to education of the boy. The

dig for a lost mine,"Clark Chase writings that he left behind him to dig a well. 3 He writes in his show his fine Bible versatility

journal that he was obliged to from Genesis to Revelation. In

earn a scant living by the toil of that sense he grew up a wellhis hands. educated man, but it would not

His school education was be suspected that he had a large very meager. He could read, or technical vocabulary.

write an imperfect hand, and Enemies who have read the knew enough arithmetic for his Book of Mormon have found needs. In the words of Orson its contents to be beyond the

Pratt who lived in his house and capacity of a boy with such became his great defender, 7 meager training for writing.

"His advantages for acquiring Therefore they have set up the scientific knowledge were exfnLuer theory that some competent ceedingly small, being limited to person hiding behind Joseph slight a acquaintance the of real author Smith was with to the (&/ue4tlond or three two of the 8 Sidney of the common Mormon. Book

branches of learning. He could Rigdon, a man of some educaread without much difficulty and Mouth tion, a reader, a student, and

write a very imperfect hand; an orator was picked by many

he had a very limited understanding of the eledefeated antagonists, but unsuccessfully, to mentary rules of arithmetic. These were his be the unknown man who really wrote the

highest and only attainments; while the rest of Book of Mormon. 9

those branches so universally taught in the If a man of superior learning wrote the Book common schools throughout the United States of Mormon, it would be reflected in the extent were entirely unknown to him."However, he and character of his vocabulary. If the vocabuhad a fine mind. All who knew him, friend lary were small and simple, it would be another

and foe, conceded that his mental ability was evidence for the truth of Joseph Smith's claim high. Under favorable circumstances he would that he translated the book from engravings on

have used educational opportunities to the full. golden plates. Every translator catches the

fields—languages,In his later years helaw,soughtand others.learning Fromin manyhis ideanew inmannerthe oldaccordinglanguage toandthereportsnatureit ofin thehis

earliest association with the Church, after the own speech.

Smith, History 1Lucy Mack of the Prophet Joseph, 1902, p. 84. The English language has a multitude

Instructor; Juvenile 27:172.

Smith, 8Lucy Mack Op. cit., 1902, p. 24. (Continued on page 476)

1902, Hbid., p. 91.

5B H. Roberts, Comprehensive History of the Church, 1:129. 8E. D. Howe, Mormonism Unveiled. 1834, p. 290.

History 1:28. Church, 1902, of the Francis W. Kirkham, A New Witness for Christ in America,

Pratt, 7Orson Visions, Remarkable p. 1. 1947, p. 299.

JUNE 1951 399 David 0. McKay...

Portrait of

ening in rhythmic harmony to the beautiful thoughts that flow from a strong,lips—theexpressivemelting mouth;point ofstraightcharhim an expression... acter—gave

that was wonderful....

"Here is a man whose every feature, every line, and every expression mirror a life of kindness, a life of devotion, a life of understanding, of service, and of sympathy,...

"I still possess a haunting apprehension of the depths of his nature that will never be sounded; of the

unfathomable well of feeling and sincerity that will never be drained;

of the understanding that while penetrating the comprehension of a mere child drives home an unforgettable lesson to the adult. He is a

man that, in full maturity, has retained the sweet, sincere simplicity of a child and has combined it with his superior intellect and mellowness of experience to stand forth as a great spiritual leader."

These two impressions recorded some twenty years apart, and at widely separated points across a

DAVID O. McKAY continent, contain striking resemNINTH PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST blances in certain essentials, and apOF LATTERDAY SAINTS propriately become an introductory

part of this "portrait of a President."

intellectual, he is yet one of the A chronology of major events in i5u iKichard <=JL. (L,v(/and common people; a vital, dynamic the career of President McKay ap- v power for good wherever he goes, pears in these pages of the Era

he is still as humble as the little (see page 459). A biography

child whom we must all resemble in to order enter the kingdom of Sr., Jennette Evans David and McKay, McKay,

eldest children. their eldest four two The and...MOREa SundayTHAN thirtySchoolyearssocial,ago, thefor heaven.

left, right at Elena, and Margaret daughters, and this late wrote lost lives diphtheria epidemic. their David in a Hugh J. Cannon after the above years Twenty

E. is is his father, standing O. Thomas by andbrief characterization President of written, C. man, lap. a young was seated his mother's on

David O. McKay: Wayne Rogers by name, sat in a

.,. a man every line of "whose New York Stake quarterly conface denotes firmness and courage, ference and recorded his impresintensely serious when serious matsions of President McKay as he

ters are being considered, as imlooked and listened. From what he

movable as Gilbraltar when princiwrote we select these sentences:

ple is involved, but withal a kindly "I am always mentally reconman and one whose heart is full of structing not only what he said but sympathy and human tenderness also how he looks: A stately figure

and an unfailing love for all manwell over six feet tall and apparently kind. In no degree sanctimonious muscular—at any rate enough to be

and with a highly developed sense ultra forceful; a wellblocked face,

of humor, he still has a deep apprehandsomely engraved...; eyes

ciation of sacred things; refined and fiercely tender, hardening and soft400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

him and held him in his hand (not served his Church as missionary and always either without adversity). bishop, and in many other ways,

In part at least to President served his state as a legislator and

McKay, Huntsville, Weber County, community builder, and his family

Utah, has always in a very special as a wise and loving father).

a President senseSeptemberbeen8, 1873,his "home,"(the day ofsincehis learnedIt was hereto lovethat Presidentthe fieldsMcKayand birth), although his duties have learned of the problems and the of him would require a book. taken him throughout the world, labor of the farm and the ways of

But it is our purpose here and now and most of his mature years have the farmer. It was here that he

to say something of the elements been lived elsewhere. learned a love of fine animals, which

that have gone into the making of But it was as a lad in Huntsville love he has never lost—nor has he

the man who, on April 9, 1951, that he learned the lesson of early lost the love of the land of this first was sustained in solemn assembly as rising from his wise and frugal farm, which he and his family have ninth President of the Church of father (a man of impressive mental kept to this day—as he has said to

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and spiritual stature who accepted others: Till your lands: Keep your

(fortyfive years to the day from the gospel in Scotland and emibirthright; cherish your farms and

the time he was ordained an Apostle grated to Utah in 1859, and who fields; never remove yourselves too

under the hands of President Joseph far from the soil.

F. Smith, on April 9, 1906). For his father he has loved the

The years that preceded his call TEN RULES OF HAPPINESS Scots—but no less has he loved the

to the apostleship and the years Welsh from whom his faithful, genthat have intervened have been By President David O. McKay teel mother, Jennette Evans McKay,

the mother of ten, of richly full and varied in intensive 1. Develop yourself by selfdisci- came—she,

Church and community service, with pline. whom David O. was the third child

it was who assignments and appointments and 2. Joy comes through creation—sorand firstborn son. She

responsibilities that have taken him row through destruction. Every guided the family's fortunes when

throughout the world, and have had living thing can grow: Use David McKay, senior, was sent on

farreaching impact on the lives of the world wisely to realize soul a mission to Great Britain, leaving growth. innumerable people. David O. at the age of seven as the 3. Do things which are hard to do.

I have just had the privilege of 4. Entertain upbuilding thoughts. eldest of his father's family, the

spending some hours with past press What you think about when you first two daughters having died of notices and personal mementos perdo not have to think shows diphtheria when David O. was in

what you really are. his fifth year. Huntsville was taining to the President—and I have

been profoundly impressed that he 5. Do your best this hour, and you ravaged that winter by the dread

has been prepared through unusual will do better the next. disease.

to true Be trust you. those who experiences for the 6. and activities after Less than two years David

for wisdom, 7. Pray courage, position he occupies that today, and this Sr., returned misfrom and McKay, heart. a kind

our Father in heaven has nurtured 8. Give heed to God's messages sion he was made bishop of Huntsthrough inspiration. If selfville Ward, which position he held

As a lad President McKay learned to love the indulgence, jealousy, avarice, or for some twenty years, from 1885 to fields, learned rehave deadened the problems labor the your and of the worry it 1905. thus was that David And farm. in the family farm Huntsville, On McKay sponse, to pray the Lord to wipe Utah, learned he a love fine of animals, his which lived as the O. young manhood out these impediments. lost. he has never

son of the bishop of Huntsville. 9. True friends enrich life. If you

would have friends, be one. President McKay still culti10. Faith is the foundation of all vates—when and as he can—with things—including happiness. strong hands, the fields of his father,

(Continued on following page)

President McKay with one of his saddle horses. His Here in Huntsville, Utah, President McKay, when

horses have learned to know and as he can, still cultivates the fields of his and heed his voice. boyhood.

JUNE 1951 401 ': ''..:'.::

youthful The in As a lad of seventeen. David O. with his sister the family at still gathers home the clan occasions, of McKay On anniversary

time. at graduation this family held have so long traditions which the cherished Huntsville to keep alive

close together.

David 0. McKay... Portrait of a President in 1934 at a Thanksgiving game

(Continued from preceding page) since no letters were awarded when he was on the campus).

the fields of his boyhood, where And there are the colts and horses things began stirring at daybreak, he has taught to obey his voice. In watching him at an athletic

including sleeping boys roused by And thus, we find this portrait contest within relatively recent the kindly but commanding voice of of a President beginning in the weeks, I saw him appreciatively follow the players with a lighted faceFather McKay. And there the fields of his father—-and continuing

perapplaud the good saw him and years. the still through gathers on anclan of McKay with of an both teams formance love of freePresident McKay's the to keep alive occasionsniversary

cherished traditions which so long dom and of the outdoors has eximpartial interest in youth and have held this family close together. tended into many other activities. sportsmanship that overshadowed

And there, when the pressure of From his Huntsville days he has the ultimate outcome of the score.

official duties permits, you will find, carried with him a lifelong love of President McKay first attended in the field, a tall, broadshouldered riding, swimming, fishing, hiking, the community school in Huntsville gentleman in working clothes, of baseball and of other sports. (over which he later presided as

grooming a horse or turning a A portrait of him as mission presiprincipal). He later attended the

stream of water, or riding a plow dent shows him pitching horseshoes University of Utah, from which, or a mower or rake. And even in London. He was a member of as president of his class, he was

from a distance one wouldn't fail the first official University of Utah graduated in 1897. After a misto recognize the tall, straight form football team in 1894, (for which sion, he became an instructor in

and figure of David O. McKay. he was belatedly awarded a letter Weber Stake Academy, of which

Brother and Sister McKay enjoying an evening at home President and Sister McKay with their children. piano. the around

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

President McKay's busy Greeting Elbert R. Curtis, General Superintendent President McKay and President Richards discuss

David O. McKay as a young man schedule has allowed little of the M. I. A. and a boy of Scout age. a portrait of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

on his first mission. time tor such activities as

above, but he has always taken a wholesome pleasure in outdoor diversion.

his father had been one of the sistant and then general superintenIt was here that one of the soulfounders, and of which President dent of the Deseret Sunday School sobering experiences of his life ocMcKay became principal in 1902. Union. curred, when, following a missionIn this capacity he continued until His academic career also included ary meeting in Glasgow, President

he was called to the Council of the a term of service (1917 to 1922) as James McMurrin of the European

Twelve in April 1 906. Church commissioner of education, Mission presidency said to him, as

He has always been a teacher—and he has also served as a member recounted in President McKay's

as well as all else he has been—of the board of regents of the Uniown words:

teacher of youth, a teacher of men, versity of Utah, and on the board of "Paraphrasing the words of the a teacher of his own children and trustees of the Utah State AgriculSavior to Peter, he said, 'Let me say of the children of others. His distural College and Brigham Young to you, Brother David, Satan hath

courses and writings are clearly outUniversity, over the latter of which desired you that he may sift you lined and presented in logical and boards he new presides. as wheat, but God is mindful of

related points, and his teaching This portrait of a President must you.'Then he added, 'If you will

methods were carried over with him include a brief look at David O. keep the faith, you will yet sit in

into the Sunday Schools in which McKay, the missionary, beginning the leading councils of the Church.'

he served first in Weber Stake, and with his first call to the British MisAt that moment,*'continued Presilater, beginning in October 1906, as sion in 1897, where he labored in dent McKay, "there flashed into second assistant in the general Scotland, the land of his father, my mind temptations that had beset superintendency of the Sundayand latterly presided over the Scotmy path, and I realized even better

Schools. Later he became first astish District. (Concluded on page 458)

President and Sister McKay looking over an album of

Of? their fiftieth wedding anniversary were gathered the children and grandchildren. memories.

JUNE 1951 403 Tributes Paid President George Albert

PRESIDENT the stress of world affairs for tribdicates the high position in the

GEORGE utes to be paid by five senators. Church to which he would be

ALBERT SMITH Tributes were also given in the called. Because of its length, only

House of Representatives. excerpts from the blessing are given

letter, and telegram, came—byBy the hundreds the tributes here:

.. of the heavens blessings choice. the the and The great word of mouth. thou rest shall upon you and down humble forgot him not. In and out filled with the inspiration of the Lord,shalt forbe

of the Lord and chosen wast called thou earth of the the foundation was from beforehen the spirit of George ofLeadersthe Churchin religion,he was remembered.government,

Albert Smith left his earthly"W remains on April 4, 1951, there went home one of our Father's children who was the very personification of the two great commandments:

"And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength".;''. and "Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."(See Mark 12:3031V)

Developing this theme at the funeral of President Smith, held April 7 in the Tabernacle in Salt Lake

City, Elder Spencer W. Kimball of

the Council of the Twelve said that whenever he has thought of "our beloved President"he has always felt that he was very, very near the kingdom of God. Then he added:

"It seemed to me that every act, every thought of our President would indicate that with all of his heart and soul he loved the Lord and he loved his fellow men. Is

there a mortal being who could have loved them more?"

Indeed, George Albert Smith's education, industry, and commerce, laid to come forth in this dispensation to of upon the Zion in building God up assist a long is evidenced by for love God groups, patriotic, well as as Church to go shalt be enabled earth, the and thou unservice in an diligent of lifetime exorganizations inhumanitarian the and unto the gospel to proclaim forth selfish, untiring, and unfaltering efpressed their sympathy and paid habitants of the earth, and shall be enabled truth, of the to a knowledge and bring further to to fort his work many homage. build him

voice of a the shall as be voice for thy the earth. here upon his kingdom up whether the messages came And the Lord of the declaring words in trumpet

And how he loved his neighbor! from the pen or the lips of the to the nobles of the earth, and many shall

All his life he was a friend and most humble Saint, or whether they believe in thy words and embrace the goshelper of the poor and the weak, were delivered by seasoned oratory pel of the Son of God. For thou shalt be

and of God, power mighty filled the with almost downtrodthe of Congress, and the floor handicapped the on in works mighty to shall able do many be there time, the they had exception same without den. And at the a called to do art for thou their midst....

was no one in too high a place, or same ring: George Albert Smith, great and a mighty work in this great kingtoo busy, or too important for man of God, great American, dom of God... thou shalt become a mighty

Zion. of the sons of midst in the prophet befriend. respected by all. and'Smith to loved Albert friend; George

administer shall the Lord of angels the And of the worth knew Lord countless The on, he passed the When of blessings choice the you, and unto tributes of love and appreciation, George Albert Smith. A patriarchal heavens shall rest upon you...

of honor and respect poured in blessing given to him by Zebedee And thou shaft be wrapt in the visions from many parts of the world to Coltrin on January 16, 1884, when of the heavens and thou shalt be clothed his family and the Church. On he was but fourteen.years of age, with salvation as with a garment, for thou

the floor of the Senate of the and which was found in President art destined to become a mighty man before

United States, time was taken from Smith's papers after his death, inthe Lord, for thou shalt become a mighty 404 THE IMPROVEMENT, ERA Elder Matthew Cowley:

He loved everyone because he could V-Sy J)oyte d. Qreeh, MANAGING EDITOR see the good within them. He did notkJ III 11 II

look upon sin with the least degree of allowance, but he loved the sinner because he knew that God was love, and

Apostle in the Church and kingdom of God the blessing, was a member of the that it is God's love that regenerates earth, for father's of thy none upon the shall family have with Council of the Twelve. He later humantransformsoulstheandsinnermay,intobyathatsaint.process, power more God

than thou shalt have, for none shall exceed became second counselor in the Maybe there are sinners who misthee, for thy reward shall be great in the First Presidency. took his love for respect. He didn't

heavens, for the blessing of thy father and Excerpts from talks given at respect the sinner, but he loved him.

of thy grandfather shall rest upon thee and President Smith's funeral, held I am sure that love found response in thou shalt become a man of mighty faith the hearts and in the lives of those before the Lord, even like unto that of the April 7 in the Tabernacle on Temwhom he loved....

brother of Jared, and thou shalt remain ple Square, are indicative of the Men like this never die. He is an

upon the earth until thou art satisfied with high esteem in which he was held: eternal being. God attracts the godly,

life, and shall be numbered with the Lord's and I am sure that the shortest journey anointed and shall become a king and a President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.: this man of God ever made in all of his

priest unto the Most High,... Throughout our association together travels has been the journey which he

which has been close and intimate, and has just taken. God is love. George

What a blessing to be given to a under various and trying circumstances, Albert Smith is love. He is godly. God

lad of fourteen! His grandfather, Icatehavethatneverhe wasknownimpatient,him eventhat toheindihad has taken him unto himself.

George A. Smith, had been a memlost his temper, or even that he was John F. Fitzpatrick:

ber of the Council of the Twelve under the necessity of controlling He was a man without guile, a reliApostles and first counselor to it.... gious man and a spiritual leader, not

only in group. any his own Evil at all slunk from him away Church—in President Brigham Young. His alone with It a feeling him you had Even times. could the not abide presence

father, John Henry, at the time of of his righteous living. I do not know of this man's spirituality....

what more I can say in tribute to him He liked to talk about the things that than that.... were near and dear to his heart, about

He was one of those few people of the pioneers, the pioneer places and whom you can say that he lived as he trails, and pioneer people. He loved to

. *t tribute taught. That was George Albert Smith. talk about the brotherhood of man, his

I would like to say a word to the genuine love of all mankind, which to Ljeorae Allbert *2>mitn people of the Church. You have lost after all is the true charity of Christ,

deeper than doctrinal differences, any his line, a the perhaps, great leader—in By IRENE JONES gift from that above makes for greatest had. I think no that we have ever

fuller understanding of man's in the richer, ever have man that had we of his Written on the occasion man. feeling toward for love had a greater humanity birthday, seventieth at Church and recited

President Smith. Albert George the funeral by Sister Jones, who is than

This great gathering that is here and on Elder Elbert R. Curtis: blind.

the outside today testifies to the truth He was the apostle of love; broke

\\ 7hen life beats hard with stormy of that old saying, "Cast thy bread down barriers, overcame prejudices and

Y hands upon the waters for thou shalt find misunderstandings, courted and won fall, bitter teardrops And friendships his loyalties for it and people. after his days."love many gave He

chills friendless winter my When inspired us to as loved, love he to He met. his everyone he love gave He

soul to as believe believed; he he and helped all to did he meet, not and whom who call, echoes empty And in to us build the testimony which he to seeking the were keep command- I turn steps then eager with had, absolute, divinity of the and it was of the the that ments of Lord, sense and steps spent lame though and My'Tis Christ. of Jesus is love to which from came him them find heart understanding an To

Where burns a friendly flame, what has brought together this great

A heart where gentle wisdom dwells gathering to pay tribute to his memory. In the Congressional Record of the

Compassionate and kind, United States Senate are printed the

Whose faith in God and man has President David O. McKay: five talks paying tribute to George

taught To President George Albert Smith, Albert Smith, delivered before that like faith to blind. the father, this beloved leader, A honored addition, august body. In unaniby

feet; I lay troubles his at my vast congregation the crowding Taberthe consent of Senate, there apmous

trial, loss, bitter each Each nacle to overflowing, the Assembly a pears Presiof biography 2300word of burdens a hundred The more Hall, lisHall, Barratt and thousands Smith. dent the talks the followFrom cross. us helps the bear He in tening radio, the over to say you, ing excerpts taken: were Consecrated by our Lord

With apostolic light, "The love you have shown to your

Consecrated in his soul fellow men is reciprocated fourfold."It Senator Arthur V. Watkins ( Utah ):

He makes our darkness bright. is hard for us to express that love, but Mr. President, the people of Utah

A loving radiance he sheds this is one manifestation of it, for truly and the Intermountain West generally

That comes from God to man. the love you have given throughout are in mourning today. They are

in life's long walk And we who life is night your in reciprocated hearts our the loss President mourning of George see as others can. Can for for to and you pray emupower we eighth president Smith, the Albert of

his tender, loving face Although late your example throughout our of Christ of LatterChurch Jesus The is us shut apart, From... lives. his Saints, at in died day home who the see gracious wisdom We father, leader, our Your beloved has Salt City, Utah, yesterday, Lake on heart. understanding Of his

We feel the peace within his soul lived as nearly as it is humanly possible his birthday. He was eightyone years

And know a peace our own, for a man to live a Christlike life. He of age.

We hear his silent prayer found that the answer to the yearning President Smith, as he was known to

And know we do not walk alone. of the human heart for fulness lies in his Church, was regarded by more than

His faith in us will give us strength living outside oneself by love. Presi- a million of his fellow churchmen

paths plod, unseen As we dent Albert George Smith has proved the throughout as a of world Prophet uplifted souls Our by this man the truth of Christ's saying, paradoxical for this of love God. The veneration In partnership with God. will lose his life for "Whosoever leader, confined not however, my great was

sake, shall find it,"(Continued on page 459)

JUNE 1951 405 'HsJ) wmm h\- '/"i

r& 'w****? Si - -,

*m M-

:Mi

TH QUORUM OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY SET THE PATTERN FOR VOTING IN SOLEMN ASSEMBLY HELD APRIL 9 IN THE SALT LAKE TABERNACLE

The Greatest Responsibility

beloved fellow workers, breththat the Lord had chosen not to answer you, I was deeply moved. And I am

ren and sisters: I wish it were our pleadings as we would have had today, and pray that I may, even

within inadequately, that to of expression answered, going though and power be able to tell them you he was my just this responsibility true feelings himself. to to seems.letMyyou take know Thankhim home how weighty what my

are on this momentous occasion. I fully, he rallied again The Lord has said

would wish that you might look into later in the day. Sev- r,-, 1 c 1 that the three preTHE members there heart for priests see eral high and yourselves preceding daysmy Tjust feelings visit, are. those as Presithat the what body, by Church:

It is just I that orone dent "We alltneedthe sidingchosenappointed Clark today ago and and week were the realization came to me that this reconsidering problems dained to this officesponsibility of leadership would probof import pertaining prayers,yQmnotyQmyour adverse of presidency, are to ably fall upon my shoulders. I received to the Church, he, criticisms, but your help. be."upheld by the

word that President George Albert ever solicitous of the confidence, faith, and

Smith had taken a turn for the worse, welfare of the Church You can do that in prayer of the and that the doctor thought the end and of my feelings, prayer, if you cannot Church."No one can

off. this far not reover to I hastenedwas his bedwould say, "The reach us in person."preside

firstside, his will sponsibility daughters, with weeping and Church without be son, and other kinfolk, I entered his yours to make this being in tune with sickroom. For the first time, he failed decision,"but each time I would refuse the head of the Church, our Lord

to recognize me. to face what to him seemed a reality. and Savior, Jesus Christ. He is our

Then I had to accept the realization When that reality came, as I tell head. This is his Church. Without his

The Transforming Power of

Address delivered at the Sunday "For I know that my redeemer from him and even his body utterly morning session of the 121st anliveth, and that he shall stand at the wasted in affliction.

nual general conference, April 8, latter day upon the earth: If a few more million men in the

1951, in the Tabernacle "And though after my skin worms world could feel that testimony—the

destroy this body, yet in my flesh testimony of the reality of our Reshall I see God: deemer—selfishness would be less

BRETHREN AND SISTERS, I deeply "Whom I shall see for myself, and manifest, war among nations would be sense my inadequacy in trying to mine eyes shall behold, and not another; eradicated, and peace would reign

express in words the message though my reins be consumed within among mankind. Do you believe that,

I have in my heart this morning. I me."(Job 19:2527.) my fellow workers?

earnestly pray therefore for your Thus was spoken the heartfelt as- "What think ye of Christ?"was the

sympathetic mental attitude and parsurance of Job, expressed in humiliaquestion Jesus put to a group of Phariticularly for your spiritual support. tion when everything else was taken sees when they, with scribes and Sad406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

divine guidance and constant inspirasee, keeping an eye single to the glory said, "... dost thou wash my feet?...

tion, we cannot succeed. With his of God and the advancement of his Thou shalt never wash my feet."

guidance, with his inspiration, we canwork. The Savior answered "If I wash thee

not fail. And now to the members of the not, thou hast no part with me."

Next to that as a sustaining potent Church: We all need your help, your "Nay then,"said the chief Apostle,

power, comes the confidence, faith, faith and prayers, not your adverse "Not my feet only, but also my hands prayers, and united support of the criticisms, but your help. You can do and my head."

Church. that in prayer if you cannot reach us "He that is washed needeth not

I pledge to you that I shall do my in person. The potency of those save to wash his feet, but is clean

best so to live as to merit the companprayers throughout the Church came to every whit.

ionship of the Holy Spirit, and pray me yesterday when I received a letter "What I do thou knowest not now;

here in your presence that my counfrom a neighbor in my old home town. but thou shalt know hereafter."(See

selors and I may indeed be "partakers He was milking his cows when the John 13:6, 8-10, 7.)

of the divine spirit."word came over his radio which he And then he washed his feet, and

Next to that, unitedly we plead with has in his barn that President Smith those of the others also. Returning the

you for a continuation of your love and had passed. He sensed what that basin to the side of the door, ungirding

confidence as you have expressed it would mean to his former fellowhimself, and putting on his robe, he today. From you members of the townsman, and he left his barn and returned to his position with the

Twelve, we ask for that love and symwent to the house and told his wife. Twelve, and said:

pathy expressed in our sacred Council. Immediately they called their little "Ye call me Master and Lord: and

From the Assistants to the Twelve, the children, and there in that humble ye say well; for so I am.

Patriarch, the First Council of the home, suspending their activities, they "If I then, your Lord and Master,

Seventy, the Presiding Bishopric, we knelt down as a family and offered have washed your feet; ye also ought

ask that the spirit of unity expressed prayer. The significance of that scene to wash one another's feet."{Ibid.

so fervently by our Lord and Savior I leave for you to understand. Multi13:1314.)

when he was saying goodby to the ply that by a hundred thousand, two What an example of service to

Twelve, may be manifest by us all. hundred thousand, half a million those great servants, followers of the

You remember he said, as he left homes, and see the power in the unity Christ! He that is greatest among you,

them: "And now I am no more in the and prayers, and the sustaining influlet him be least. So we sense the obliworld, but these are in the world, and ence in the body of the Church. gation to be of greater service to the

I come to thee. Holy Father, keep Today you have by your vote membership of the Church, to devote

our lives to the advancement of the kingdom of God on earth.

God bless you, brothers and sisters.

May the spirit of this occasion remain in our hearts. May it be felt through-...The Greatest Honor out the uttermost parts of the earth,

wherever there is a branch in all the

Address delivered at the solemn assembly held Monday world, that that spirit might be a unimorning, April 9, 1951, in the Tabernacle fying power in increasing the testimony of the divinity of this work, that it may grow in its influence for &5ia [-resident Jjavld L/ lil/lcJ\a i throughoutgood in thethe establishmentworld. of peace

I bear you my testimony that the head of this Church is our Lord and through thine own name those whom placed upon us the greatest responsiSavior, Jesus Christ. I know the realthou hast given me, that they may bility, as well as the greatest honor, ity of his existence, of his willingness

be one, as we are. that lies within your power to bestow to guide and direct all who serve him,

"Neither pray I for these alone, but as members of the Church of Jesus I know he restored, with his Father, for them also which shall believe on me Christ of Latterday Saints. Your to the Prophet Joseph Smith the gosthrough their word; doing so increases the duty of the pel of Jesus Christ in its fulness. I

"That they all may be one; as thou, First Presidency to render service to know that these brethren whom you

Father, art in me, and I in thee, that the people. have sustained today are men of God.

they also may be one in us; that the When the Savior was about to leave I love them. Don t you think anyworld may believe that thou hast sent his Apostles, he gave them a great exthing else. God's will has been done.

me."(John 17:11,2021.) ample of service. You remember he May we have increased power to

Brethren and sisters, brethren of the girded himself with a towel and be true to the responsibilities that the

General Authorities, God keep us as washed his disciples'feet. Peter, feelLord and you have placed upon us, I

one, overlooking weaknesses we may ing it was a menial work for a servant, pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

z**i o. wjc* Faith in Jesus Christ & p*Lt

ducees, sought to entrap, to confound reaching query in this unsettled, disthe world has Paradise Lost, and later the Great Teacher by asking him entracted world. in life, though blind, the poet as he aptangling questions. He silenced the Great minds in all ages who have proached the closing moments of his

Sadducees in their attempt to ensnare contributed to the betterment of manlife, exclaimed: "Still guides the heavhim with regard to paying tribute to kind have been inspired by noble enly vision."Sir Walter Scott, as

Caesar. He satisfied the scribes reideals. you know, wrote almost day and night

garding the first and great commandHistory is replete with men who, as to pay off a debt for which he was ment. Now he put to silence the Wordsworth expresses it, "By the not really responsible.

Pharisees regarding their anticipated vision splendid, were on their way George Washington, guided by the

Christ. attended."There is John Milton, for desire to build a noble character and

To this congregation, to the Church, example, inspired with a desire as a to be of service to his country, cried:

and to the world, I repeat this question boy of twelve to write a poem that "I hope I may always have firmness as being the most vital, the most farwould live for centuries. As a result, (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1951 407 pressed on the occasion of his great

The Transforming Power of Faith in Jesus Christ vision: "Lord, what wouldst thou have

do?"(Continued from preceding page) me

Paul, as Peter, had his hours of and virtue enough to maintain what write an Iliad or Hamlet, but an indiscouragement. Pride sometimes per-

I consider to be the most enviable of finitely greater work than all is to turbed him, and conformity to church all titles—the character of an honest take an ignoble, cruel, impure, and authority was occasionally difficult.

man."Abraham Lincoln's lofty soul, dishonest being and transform him into He, too, was mobbed, beaten, and imexpressing himself thus: "with malice an upright, gentle, noble, and pure Drisoned, put in stocks in a dungeon,

toward none, with charity for all, with man. Here we touch the creative out the heavenly vision of the Risen

firmness in the right as God gives us power of the Galilean—and bow beLord ever guided his footsteps.

to see the right, let us strive on to fore the mystery. May I remind you also of the Prophfinish the work we are in, to bind up "Here we find the crowning glory et Joseph Smith, who declared: "... I

the nations wounds, to care for him of all the evidences, attested by milhad actually seen a light, and in the who shall have borne the battle, and lions of intelligent men and women, midst of that light I saw two Personfor his widow and his the fact, mysterious but ages, and they did in reality speak to orphan, to do all which not illusory, that His very me; and though I was hated and persemay achieve and cherish presence is found, is recuted for saying that I had seen a

a just and lasting peace alized, is verified, and that vision, yet it was true; and while they

among ourselves and with He is as helpful, as vital, were persecuting me, reviling me, and all nations."(Second Inand as inspiring now as speaking all manner of evil against

augural Address.) when the matchless Beatime falsely for so saying, I was led to

These and others who tudes fell upon the ears say in my heart: Why persecute me

live to their best are the of a listening multitude for telling the truth? I have actually

men "who realize in daily two thousand years ago."seen a vision; and who am I that I can

life their luminous hours Peter, the chief Aposwithstand God, or why does the world and transmute their ideals tle, is a striking example think to make me deny what I have into conduct and charof this transforming powactually seen? For I had seen a vision;

acter. These are,"coner. He was a humble, I knew it, and I knew God knew it,

tinues the writer, "the reputedly a rough, unand I could not deny it, neither dared soul architects, who build cultured fisherman to I do it; at least I knew that by so doing

their thoughts and deeds whom Jesus of Nazareth I would offend God, and come under into a plan; who travel forward, not became an inspiration. The vision that condemnation."(P. of G. P., Writings

aimlessly, but toward a destination; bade him say, "Thou art the Christ, of Joseph Smith, 2:25.)

who sail not anywhither but toward the Son of the Living God,"became Through railings, scoffings, mob- a port, who steer not by the clouds, the guiding light of his life. Conditions bings, arrests, imprisonments, persecubut by fixed stars. High in the scale occasionally made him falter, but he tions that led to martyrdom, Joseph

of manhood these who ceaselessly regained the lightened pathway. Bigots Smith as Peter and Paul before him,

aspire towards life's Great Exemplar."scoffed at him; religious zealots, politiever strove to the utmost of his ability

But let me explain again, the highest cal charlatans arrested, imprisoned, and to follow the light that had made him of all ideals are the teachings and shackled him as a dangerous enemy to a "partaker of the divine nature."

particularly the life of Jesus of Nazareth, and that man is most truly great who is most Christlike. What you sincerely in your heart hat you sincerely in your heart

think of Christ will determine what think of Christ will determine are, will largely determine whatyou will actsyour person can what you are, will largely determine be. No

study this divine personality, can what your acts will be.

accept his teachings without becoming conscious of an uplifting and refining influence within himself. In fact, every society, but the heavenly vision light- I quote these three outstanding

individual may experience the operaened the darkened dungeon, burst open leaders in the realm of religiori to show tion of the most potent force that can prison doors, struck off the fetters that how the assurance of the divine misaffect humanity. Electricity lightens bound his wrists, as well as his waversion of our Lord and Savior not only

labor in the home, imprisons alike on ing soul, and gave him courage and transformed their personal lives to a a disc the warbling tones of the mockstrength to face his accusers with the greater or less degree, but also iningbird and the convincing appeal of sublime testimony: He "whom ye crufluenced for good the entire world.

the orator. By the turn of a switch, cified, Jesus Christ, is the only name Since man's first advent on earth,

it turns night into day. The possibiliunder heaven given among men, whereGod has been urging him to rise above

ties of the force resulting from the by we must be saved."(See Acts 4:10, the selfish, groveling life of the purely

breaking up of the atom seem to be 12.) Only a comparatively wellto-do animal existence into the higher, more

limitless either for the destruction or man, making a fairly good living by spiritual realm. After several thouthe blessing of life. Other and greater fishing, of whom the world would sand years of struggling, mankind

forces are already glimpsed. never have heard had he not been even now but dimly recognizes the

None, however, is so vital, so coninspired by a testimony of the divine fact that the greatest of the world's tributive to the those nearly leaders are a most happiness and mission of peace of who the Man Galilee—just of the teachings family as theof the surrenderfisherman, approach the human humble who, by the light Man

ing of our selfish animallike natures of that inspiration to him and to other of Galilee. This is psychologically

to the life and teachings of our Lord members of the Twelve, and disciples, sound, because the thoughts a man and Savior, Jesus Christ. George R. "many of the world's loveliest things harbors determine the realm in which

Wendling in The Man of Galilee conhave been created, many of the worlds he serves. "Be not deceived,"writes

firms this thought as follows: "Befinest minds inspired."Paul to the Galatians, "God is not

lieve it! The most wonderful work Another good example is Paul, a mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth,

in all the world is not to take iron, contemporary of Peter, whose early that shall he also reap. For he that

steel, and brass and make a locomotive; life and teachings were entirely difsoweth to his flesh shall of the flesh

nor is it to take gold and diamonds ferent from those of the fisherman, reap corruption; but he that soweth to

and cogwheels and make a watch; but who, when the vision of the Risen the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life

nor is it to take canvas and colors Lord pierced his prejudiced mind, was everlasting."(Galatians 6:7-8.)

and brush and paint an Angelus; nor inspired throughout the remainder of At the moment there is being enacted

yet is it to take pen and parchment and his days by one guiding thought ex- a great world drama, the final act of 408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which we can only dimly surmise. In

Korea, one of the bloodiest wars of times is raging. ismodern here But a ivi the CooinHaevicesingular thing. it in are Engaged

soldiers from South Korea, United

States, Great Britain, France, Turkey,

Greece, Netherlands, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Thailand, the PROMISES

Philippines, South Africa, and one or two other nations—all enlisted underthe United Nations'banner. or the

Political relationships leading up to their fighting as an international army need not concern us this morning, but there is one significant fact mostworthy of attention: Battling for the LORD

same cause are Buddhists, followers of Confucius, Moslems, and Christians. Opposed to these are Communists, openly avowed to be antiChrist. /-resident

Two hundred twentynine thousand casualties are already in this reported Jtepken <=>L r\ickara5conflict! It almost to would seem be

the beginning of the great battle of

Armageddon. Address delivered at the solemn

More destructive to the spreading of assembly, Monday morning, April

Christian principles in the minds, par- 9, 1951 STEPHEN L RICHARDS ticularly of the youth, than battleships, to the Prophetsubmarines, is the bombs, or even there are idealsing of false sowIcallrescueuponin thethis,Lordtheto mostcome tryingto my WillardJoseph Smith.RichardsI believe enemy. by the

Particularly, during the last five years, hour of my life. It reaches becouncils on the other side. We have

Communist Russia has gained for the yond my understanding to know why had testimonies of them, and while I time being conquests over the satellites I have been privileged in the provicannot understand I can believe that under her domination, including China, dence of God to stand before you, my the Prophet, out of consideration for and is now threatening Japan by brethren and sisters of the Church, in his friend, has had a voice in bringing sowing seeds of mistrust in the body the capacity in which I have this day me into the Council of the Twelve politic. been presented to you. through President Joseph F. Smith, and

Misrepresentation, false propaganda, For more than fortyfive years I also in that which has brought me to innuendoes soon sprout into poisonous have had a great man as a friend. I this position. I would like to be as

weeds, and before long the people find don't know how I have deserved his true a friend to President David O.

themselves victims of a pollution that friendship as he has given it to me. His McKay as my grandfather was to the

has robbed them of their individual friendship has been one of the main Prophet, and in some measure show to liberty and enslaved them to a group factors of encouragement in my life. him my appreciation of his marvelous

of political gangsters. Let us draw My association with him has brought kindness to me.

a lesson from this. more richness into my life and my ex- I have had the pleasure of long acSo it is with evil thoughts that may perience than any other association quaintance with President J. Reuben

be permitted insidiously to enter and outside that of my own flesh and blood. Clark, and I have loved him and still

to find lodgment in the human mind. This great man has stimulated me in love him as an exemplar, as one of the

Thoughts harbored determine destiny. times of discouragement to go forward most true and solicitous friends that

I the give this best to and work. could such of as a have, and can a man man spirit,"the Christ, "will says "My

I shall live long to never enough pay achieveoutstanding ability high and innot dwell tabernacles."unclean

I friend. The the of gratitude all, debt owe of respect as to the my ment command is in thatcorruption the through world

call his to I respond deepest the with the confines our of only within notlust, in as Peter's of mentioned one epistles, has its source in thoughts and humility, with a great sense of inadeChurch but also in the the nation and schemes harbored in the individual quacy, but with an obligation to give the world.

best. him in his achievements. gloried my I havemind. of to takes advantage who A man

I in of the which few felt credit ways the One has rethat he I havehis in neighbor business deal a when this for tranhas account can which of flected the has been Church upon offersthe opportunity has prepared himself for the occasion by dishonest spired lies in another friendship. My immeasurable value in setting this work

thinking. Young couples do not lose grandfather, Willard Richards, was an forward. It will be a great pleasure to

of close friend the Prophand associations closer with even havetheir chastity, of intimate named by the Book to Smith. honored et Joseph I am supas I pledge him, and my love and all as "preciousMormon above

things,"without their having previously learn and to know that the Prophet port to the President, I pledge it to in thought justified the act. prized his friendship, and is said to him also,

that have remarked I occasion on one no this in cannot forward work, go turns coolly from husband The who finer could one ever friend a than have sisters, without brethren and my my loyala wife seeks family and and

I Richards. Willard was Spirit. aid the the of must have Holy

illicit relationship elsewhere, perhaps recall at that time one he in You was the however, confidence, promises disloyal a ofwith a neighbor, has wife his discouraged superiors follow to if by will the that of Lord we hispreviously soul imwith poisoned the to reJail. Prophet Carthage us. will sustain He serve him must he Wefaithfully ideas.moral of Disgruntled members life offer plied his the for an it is of If by old. faith the of of have Nephisociety, in faultfinders and wards if it, Prophet, I accept he he would and the for qualification of work, anystakes, not do merely such become his the brother, with it. went I Prophet and for the declare love goslove my offense, ofbecause real or imagsome their assassination, witnessed then I and Christ. pel of the accept Jesus Lordined. they say and have been do What his with great love heart I and its its all heavy principles. of authoraccept

selfish desires unatpreceded or by their took bodies the I to people back ity. the great marvelous accept andtained ambition. of their excitement, assuaged Nauvoo, being as the organization of Church

I mentioned Communism in its war and gave them counsel to be calm. calculated to raise humanity to the

against individual liberty and free I have often felt that the only reahighest destiny men and women may enterprise as surreptitiously sowing son for my being in the presiding counreach.

(Concluded on page 478) cils of the Church is in the devotion of (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1951 409 Confidence in the

Promises of the lord

(Continued from preceding page)

I know that it is of divine origin.

I am realistic enough to believe everyword that the Prophet Joseph Smith Kinship gave to us regarding his early experiences in the restoration of this work.

There is nothing about his story that is not literal to me. I know it is the OF

truth, and I know that he lives, as we sang today, in the heavens above, and has gone to a reward, the like of which few, if any, men shall ever bepermitted to attain. Spirits

I know that Jesus Christ is our Elder

Brother and our Lord and our Savior and the God of this earth, and that <=>L Klckafditestimony permeates every fibre of my dju [-resident Stephenrbeing.

I saw one of my brethren down herein the audience today—President

Piranian. He will remember when he Address presented as the m

guided us into the land of Jerusalem, Khiivch of tfi Jxt scr"= concerning which we spoke a little mon over Radio SfahonHllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllHi yesterday. As I went to the places K S L and the Columbia

made memorable and now preserved as Broadcasting System at shrines by the works and ministry of 8:30 a.m. Mountain Standalways strives with men, and it is the

the Savior, my heart was full of mediard Time, Sunday, April spirit in man which responds to the tation. 8, 1951 extent to which the sensitivity of the

I never saw a thing in the actions of spirit has not been drugged or killed men, I never saw a thing in the paganresponsibility which comes to by ignorance or by infraction of his istic buildings that have been conTheone who is invited to participate on laws. It is doubtful, my brethren and

structed to remind me of the Savior, Columbia's Church of the Air prosisters, in the family of our Eternal but I remember that it was here that gram is very considerable. This occaParent that anything is more important

he labored, and I said to myself with sion is projected as a period of and vital to peaceful association in the humility,the Piranian deepest "Brother recognition acceptand than a world invitation to the whole

I are the spirits in all ofand this in the kinship of only men ance of listen in, in to pause this soworship—annation, who will

called Holy Land who really represent secular pursuits and contemplate the men.

the Christ about whose shrines those ways of God. To stimulate such spiritHerein lies a solid, understandable

ignorant, deluded people were quarrelual reflection is a task I approach with foundation for the spiritual brothering and fighting—the only men having the deepest humility, for I am aware of hood of the world. It has always

the priesthood of Almighty God given the fact that it is the spirit in man, seemed to me most difficult to from an angel of the Lord,"and I was rather than the mind, which must be establish fraternity without paternity.

subdued as this overpowering thought touched to bring divine worship into Surely those who acknowledge the came to me. his soul. omnipotent God to be the Creator of

I know that this priesthood is divine. If you and I, my friends, were tothe universe should find no difficulty

it that place than in disaccording to him his of a mere is moreI know large, in too gether an assembly—not

I all is virtue there tinction that as the ofname. Father know men perand the task would be easier. Our

essence in it, if I can discern anything sonalities would react on each other; "Our Father who is in heaven."How

by the interpretative senses God has we would say, "We could feel of each else could he be "our Father"except given me. I have felt the essence and other's spirit,"and perhaps a bond of as the progenitor of our spirits, the

virtue of this Holy Priesthood go out common interest could be established begetter of that part of us which is as I have administered the ordinances among us. May it not be that this deathless and immortal?

of the gospel. "feeling of each other's spirit"is of How regrettable it is that men,

I thank the Lord from the bottom of the very essence of our joint worship? seemingly oblivious to this honorable

my heart for this great power that has It is true that the declaration of the and sacred relationship, should procome to men and been so generously word and exhortation have their fane his holy name and blaspheme

Christ. think that a son can you them, and widelyand bestowed among Do in religious important place

father love him? and damn his be worthy to himI pray that I may is anyif there of place—anservices, but I doubt

the investiture of that power and use thing which contributes more to our Some may say this procreation of it for the building up of his kingdom spiritual uplift, and our good resoluspirits is too realistic, involving an asand the blessing of his children. tions, too, than the stimulus of assosumption of personality in the Father

I humbly pray that the administraciation of kindred spirits. inconsonant with the ethereal nature

tion which has come into being this I believe God planned that it should sometimes ascribed to him. Don't

day. by your concerted action may be so. We are all his spirit children you think, my friends, that we can

prove to be a boon to this work that in antemortal life. We come to earth safely rely on the recorded words of

shall go beyond anything which we "to be tabernacled in the flesh."In his Son, our Elder Brother, and the

now may contemplate, and I humbly earth life we are, in large measure, prophets in the interpretation of this invoke the blessings of God upon our the creatures of our environment, but allimportant relationship of man to beloved leader, that vision may be we never entirely lose our spiritual God? To those acquainted with the

given him to see the way in which we investitures. * Perhaps Shakespeare scriptures there is no need for quoshall go. I ask God to bless us all that had something of this in mind when tations; they are filled with references

we may follow him and support him to he made one of his famous characters to the veritable fatherhood of God and accomplish the mighty works that God say, "There's a divinity that shapes support for a divine personality which, has in store for his people. I do so our ends, rough hew them how we in terms of human understanding, can

humbly in the name of Jesus Christ. will."(Hamlet. Act 5, Sc. 2.) be conceived only as one in whose

Amen. We are told that the Spirit of God image we are created.

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is doubtful if there are any people vine lineage. The Spirit of the Father innate goodness. The only thing that

in the world today who retard more is distributed through the universe our country has to fear is spiritual seriously the progress of humanity in and influences all life and all things. disintegration within ourselves.

finding solutions for the world's probThere is a spirit in man which, with- I had a striking example of the ablems, particularly the one of living in the limitations of his contacts in sence of and the need for the recogtogether in peace, than those who life, radiates from him and touches nition of spiritual kinship in man a deny and teach denial of the personthe lives and things about him. This few months ago as I traveled through

ality of God and his fatherhood of the spirit may be called personality. Whatthe countries of Lebanon, Syria, and

spirits of men. ever it is called, it exists, and it is a TransJordan to Arab Jerusalem. I

By so doing, they rob brotherhood of potent force. When once set in mohave never seen before, except perhaps

its firmest prop; they rob man of the tion, it cannot well be controlled, but in East Berlin, such suspicion, disdignity of a noble lineage; and they fortunately it is within our power to trust, and enmity written on the faces

take from him the most impelling indetermine the characteristics which of men. To an American accustomed

centives to live to be worthy of his go into the structure of our lives and to cordial greetings and friendly, smilinheritance and to come back again thus determine the influences and ing faces, although sometimes a bit into the eternal presence of the author radiations which come from us. Our clouded with aloofness and pretended

snobbish indifference ( I say pretended because I believe that at heart nearly \ believe that man has divine attributes, emanating all Americans are friendly 'and cor- >z from divine lineage. The Spirit of the Father is dial),human itnaturewas aso distinctpervertedshockin theto seeredistributed through the universe and influences all life lations which men in the Lord's proviand all things!'dence bear to each other.

This perversion was particularly noticeable and regrettable in Jerusalem, of his life. I do not see how it is living will mold these characteristics the very land where the Savior spent

possible for men of religion to do much into our lives. much of his earthly life and performed

for this sorry world unless they can I am well aware that these are comhis transcendent mission. The intense

establish and reestablish this fundamonplace statements. There is no and cruel animosities built up between

mental doctrine of the veritable fathernovelty in them. Where, my friends, the peoples of this socalled Holy

hood of God. is there novelty in the word of God? Land were a most painful refutation

I grant that good may come, and The only place I have been able to of everything that was taught and does come, from teaching and extolling discover any failure in the Word is practiced by the Prince of Peace. I

the attributes of Deity, and particularin the novelty of man's interpretations. could not discover even a vestige of

ly the virtues emanating The Word of God is adherence to his marvelous doctrine from the life and minnot difficult to underwhich he left with his disciples in that istry of the Savior of \X/e come to earth stand. It is the words loving declaration, "Except ye are

the world. His incomteachings parable to be to be "taberofperplexmen aboutus. TheGodgreatthat one,D. &yeC.are38:27.)not mine."(See John 17:21;

most effective, must be nacled in the flesh."est of all knowledge is Do you think, my friends, that such

authentic. We cannot In earth life we are, to know God, and the a sickly spiritual world can be cured

consistently worship the the attrishrine of at in large measure, greatestall life is achievementso to live thatof byeconomicthe meresalves?externalI knowapplicationwe all wishof

butes and deny the the creatures of our the Father can bestow and pray that the underprivileged and sovereignty of the King. environment, but his highest blessings on distressed peoples of the world might

The Lord is a teacher, persuader, a and a we never entirely us.the Theuniversespiritualare lawsjust ofas haveI believefood,thatraiment,most ofandus shelter;are willingand

guardian, but he is first lose our spiritual inexorable as are the to sacrifice to that end. I saw the

of all a creator and lawinvestitures. laws of nature. Every dire need for relief in the terrible congiver, and the supreme blessing is predicated on ditions prevailing in the camps of

judge of all. He is not obedience to law. Palestinian refugees around the big

only the exemplar of right; he is also This applies to a nation as well as cities of the Near East, but I am just

the author and the source of right. to an individual. There can be no as sure as I speak to you this day that

There is no right that is not comspiritual growth in a nation which there is one, and only one, remedy patible with his law and his will. To does not respect divine law, and all which can bring complete recovery

know his mind and his will should be nations will die without spiritual and that remedy is of the spirit. I

the quest of every life. growth. Material prosperity alone give first place in such remedy to the

It is ordained that men should have will not suffice and will not endure. teachings of the Lord, some of which

joy. Joy and happiness are truly The measure and manifestation of I have tried, very inadequately, to outachieved where living conforms to spiritual growth is goodness. So, my line for you today.

law. Divine law is spiritual in origin

and application; its constraints and

rewards are likewise of a spiritual nature. That is why, if we are to have pms applies to a nation as well as to an individjoyful living, we should be ever conual. There can be no spiritual growth in a

spiritual scious of our natures and our nation which does not respect divine law, and all Father. the lineage with

We keep alive this consciousness nations will die without spiritual growth.

in prayer and spiritual exercise. Spiritual association is of immeasurable

value in spiritual growth. Not ingood friends, the worship of this The Lord keep us humble, free from

frequently you hear a man say, "I hour, and all true worship, is rededicaarrogance and selfsufficiency. May

church. to I can to go do not need tion of self goodness. life to that forget is the never Father and he We we

in of in nature the works and worship is spirits, that the lineage noble, our of our world needs much all know how creation."that dedication today, but. I know of that life is not cheap, and that the

Such a man discounts the value of no way of carrying forth the process kinship of spirits is the foundation of religious association, the commingling of spiritual regeneration except that brotherhood. We long for peace; we

of spirits and the interaction of perwhich seems a painfully slow method pray for the enduring peace of goodsonalities. I believe that man has of each person touching the spirit of ness in the name of the Lord Jesus

divine attributes, emanating from dianother with the radiation of his own Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1951 411 Address delivered at the In addition to this brief but solemn assembly held in the stirring address, President

Salt Lake Tabernacle MonClark presented the General day morning, April 9, 1951 Authorities and officers for sustaining vote in the solemn assembly, read the financial report, and delivered a talk in the General Priesthood meeting.

Not Richards the full loyal devoted service to the tasks that may come to me to the full measure of my strength and WHERE my abilities, and so far as they will enable me to perform them, however inadequate I may be.

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. May the Lord help me so to serve, You to serve President McKay and President Richards and to serve the Lord,

all for the advancement of his work. Serve, but HOW

iSu f-redldent sr. Keuben Liarh, r MY byBROTHERSbearing ANDagainSISTERS,my testimonyI begin

that this is the work of the Lord, that Joseph Smith is a prophet, that those followed have who afterward of in the name pray humbly This the benethat earnestly pray be I may his have been prophets, that and the I Amen, shall Jesus. ficiary time as of prayers your one is sustained have the whom we

I that on, go and may ninth in regular succession, as a prophthings the able to be do et, seer, revelator this and to Church Lat Christ of of Jesus the Church "|n I which supposed am the to and world. to sinto place the with an eye do Saints, one takes terday

I is that know Christ, the Jesus the gle of the glory to our place one called, is which duly one I which of the Redeemer world. know that Father. Heavenly

is fruits he the first of I the earnestly resurrection, declines. nor seeks the neither In the of service

and through and that by him we it is not are Lord, where your beneficiary the be that of pray I may Fall, redeemed the from thus and able In serve but how. you the I do that be able to prayers, may and results the to overcome of the Fall and of the Jesus Church

get back into the presence of our Christ of Latterday things which I am supFather. Heavenly to which Saints, place the takes one eye with an to posed do

I thank President for is called, one place duly which his one McKay our glory the single to of kindly I I words about myself. to declines. pledge neither thank nor seeks

you for your sustaining votes, and I President McKay and to President Heavenly Pather.

Jxcept for addresses of the First Presidency and the President of the Twelve, which have been grouped together beginning on page 406, the conference addresses of the General Authorities are here presented, in the order in which they were given at the various sessions.

jririt *S>6eiiton FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 6

A Message of Hope and Courage

Ye fearful saints, fresh courage take;

The clouds ye so much dread vy. /\omneu Are big with mercy, shall break and Bu>u r&ianon Q.& In blessings head. your on THE TWELVE ASSISTANT OF TO THE COUNCIL

MARION G. ROMNEY If forI canwhichenjoyI theearnestlySpirit ofpray,the Lord,I desire to give you a message of hope Coast, in which we had counseled the

and courage. I am prompted to this people to obtain permanent welfare

desire by the fact that in my recent production projects that they might it would not have been given if the travels among the people, I have sensed produce the necessities to carry on people were not to stay there perma- a growing spirit of uneasiness and our welfare work without calling upon nently. She had been disturbed and

foreboding. the Saints year after year for cash worried by talk that bombs might be

Following a welfare meeting held contributions, a sister told me she was dropped in that area, necessitating a few months ago on the Pacific comforted by our advice, that she felt their moving inland.

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FELLOWSHIP UNITY md LOVE

Address delivered at the solemn assembly April 9, 1951, in the

Tabernacle

have Just witnessed, and taken part in a most solemn, wonderWE ful manifestation of fellowship, love. unity, and all are going judged to be ference, we

First, I wish soul. to say before this vast according to works, our every

of priesthood congregation I and memof and have often thought my place that I pledge bers of the Church in this Church. a What myPRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH responsibility

self to support my brethren of the First dreadful thing it would be to be going

Presidency. They have my full supforth to teach, to lead men, to guide

port, my love, and fellowship, and I them into something that wasn't true.

pray that the Spirit of the Lord may come to me to give service. I have I think the greatest crime in all this

rest upon them in great abundance to only one desire, weak as I am, and that world is to lead men and women, the guide them and direct them in all things is to magnify to the best of my ability children of God, away from the true pertaining is calling to their high and holy callthe mine. which principles. in the see today world We

I ings. faith need the the prayers of and kinds, philosophies tending various of

I feel humble in standing here, conthe members of the Church. These to destroy faith, faith in God, faith in

of sidering the myself weakest my: the brethren. of 'them too. one I love each brethrenWe ofshouldthe Presidencysupport them,needupholdthem, thedreadfulprinciplesthing thatof theis. gospel. What a

the First of the Council Presidency, faith sustain them, them our and by by if all labor says our Lord The we the brethren other feel inour prayers, Twelve, whose and that the they may soul, great but save days one and how appresented and fluence been have this names that radiates great from him; will other our the with joy on be this the day. here proved of priesthood the And may body from and memwill great our be sorrow hand how help to of us us with each be one bership Lord of the Church.

if our our through condemnation and calling. his is magnify to influence radiates that There an

soul led acts have from one away we I I realize the position forth. fact, have radiates In been individual every

this truth.

fulfil is called great to influence. of imporone influence should some Our

tance. It makes me humble. I am be for good, for the building up of the Again I bear my testimony to you.

lives. that I know I know that God grateful for that expressions the should have no

is Christ Begotten Jesus the Only Son brethren. received from bring to pass TheyI havehave kingdomother purpose,of God.onlyWeto my

expressed their confidence, and already this great work and see it established in the flesh of our Father, the great have given me their support. in the earth as the Lord would have Elohim whom we worship. I have

.It is wonderful to see a great body it. perfect faith in the mission of the

such as we have here today ( composed In the early days of the Church the Prophet Joseph Smith and those who of the leading brethren of the Church brethren came to the Prophet Joseph have succeeded him.

and many others who have not been Smith asking what the Lord would I know that we have the truth of called to presiding capacity), raising have them do. The answer given to the everlasting gospel of Jesus Christ,

their hands enthusiastically, feeling in them was "to bring forth the cause of just as well as I know that I stand here their hearts to give their support, and Zion."That is our work, to establish before you. If I did not know it, I

they do give their support with all their Zion, to build up the kingdom of God, wouldn't want to be here or have anyhearts to the brethren who have been to preach the gospel to every creature thing to do with this work. But I know

sustained. in the world, that not one soul may be it in every fibre of my body. God has

I thank the Lord for the gospel of overlooked where there is the possibilrevealed it to me. May the Lord bless

Jesus Christ, for my membership in the ity for us to present unto him the truth. us all I pray in the name of Jesus

Church, for the opportunity which has As we have heard during this conChrist. Amen.

This brought to my mind the exyears to mature. Notwithstanding the given to forebodings of all sorts of

periences of youth, when in the colocomfort I got out of that assurance, evils to come,"that if they "sometimes nies of Old Mexico we were agitated we did have to leave. feel the weight and anxiety of moover whether the troubles incident to I was, of course, unable to advise mentous times, they should be all the

firmer and all the more resolute in convictions those a from which come We Latterday Saints must enjoy the hope and courage lives. conscience Godfearing and pure

born of faith in the power of righteousness ultimately to triumph. It is a matter of the greatest importance,"he concluded, "that the people

the Madero Revolution would necesthe good sister whether bombs would be educated to appreciate and cultisitate our leaving the country. At the be dropped, nor did I know whether vate the bright side of life rather than

peak of the disturbances, our stake the city would have to be evacuated, to permit its darkness and shadows to president who was my uncle, Junius but I did have a great desire to give hover over them."(Gospel Doctrine,

an orchard her comfort of young some 193.) and courage which p.

I her mind. Romney—plantedapple trees. I well ease remember would how could not give her, nor can I exmy mind was relieved by hearing peo- I remembered that President Joseph tend to you, much hope and courage

ple say that if we were facing expul- F. Smith had said that leaders in the based upon an expectation that we are

sion, the stake president would not Church "should be men not easily disabout to enter upon a period of world be planting trees which would take couraged, not without hope, and not (Continued on following page)

JUNE:1951 413

this entirely. will people them escape with care was even how Joshua Now note

will like the judgments come They down his strengthMarion 6. Romney continued directed and courto show

but Gomorrah. and none Sodom And also age, and that prosperity was to of expect security. I do not andpeace will fury. their the priesthood be safe from his follow performance. preto circumstances happyany such

I future. As immediate in thevail he concluded with this note of But to acthou observe mayest do light in times, the of signs theread assurance: to all the law, cording... that which Moses my are of God, revealedof the we word it thee: from turn not servant commanded

in line for something quite different. to the right hand or to the left, that thou If you do your duty, and I do my duty,

A long time ago the Lord raised mayest prosper whithersoever thou goest. we shall have protection, and shall pass

the curtain on the scene of destruction through the afflictions in peace and in awaiting the inhabitants of the earth Moses had been the living prophet safety. (The Improvement Era, Vol. 17,

if they followed to the end the course during the days of Joshua. pp. 11641165.)

they were then pursuing. More than

a hundred years ago, he said that a This book of the law shall not depart out On another occasion he had this to desolating scourge should go forth of thy mouth; but thou shalt meditate theresay: r

earth, the of inhabitants theamong

I if will to Saints, the Latterday say it should not, if repented theyand faithful, will be they do what and until time to timecontinue from listen to the do, counsel given and the T am persuaded that a comtheyshould inhabitants the andearth empty was to them, fears not they need have any thereof utterly destroyed. plete surrender to the princiabout anything, for the whole work is in

destinies the of the of nations hands God, righteousness ples would is me; before all and flesh corrupted of For

lie It is there. better for to people a be the prevail upon darkness ofthe powers

to the wise, lift righteousness, to people get the friends be God's out of of the children men.earth, among to of other positions than God, occupy any is angels all the pained, eternity and... this world. present turmoil of life. in 2, 25, 199, 1855, (/. p. February D. to reap great the command waitingare

Discourses 6.) Wilford p. of Woodruff, that tares the to earth, gather thedown

38:1112.) (D. be burned.they & C. may speaking Nephi, of our which day observe night, that thou in mayest and day

in seen that overwhelmthe the power he had convinced of God I am is written by all that to to according do ing majority of men have chosen to therein: for then thou shalt make thy way vision, said the Lord would not suffer

continue down the path they were then prosperous and then thou shalt have good the wicked to destroy the righteous, following. I can discern no change in success. but that he would "preserve the righttheir course sufficient to justify in me eous by his power, even if it so be that

a hope that the calamities which the The book of the law was the standard the fulness of his wrath must come,

Lord said he knew would come upon church work of that day. and the righteous be preserved, even

the inhabitants of the earth will be unto the destruction of their enemies turned aside. Have not I commanded thee? Be strong by fire. Wherefore, the righteous need

afraid, courage; not of be a good and fear."(I not not Saints 22:1617.) must Nephi Latterday But we

for the neither dismayed: thou be Lord with engulfed solet be ourselves this Lord renewed promise The same is thou thee whithersoever with thy God fail obtain and to thatforebodings we of protection to the 1:5-9.) righteous in 1831 goest. (Joshua

is as courage and such hopeenjoy said he he the angry with when was courand hope ourwithin I I felt this that scripture, reach—the read his that wicked, As withholding he was

of the faith in of power bornage of the teachings to obedience Joshua's Spirit the inhabitants the from of

I triumph. ultimately torighteousness of the contents to the book and earth, that Moses he had decreed upon wars

that in confidence boundlesshave his strength test of the of the law was face the the earth, of that the and all I beyond persuadedpower. am extent to he which courage. and The destroy the should wicked wicked.

doubt that the destiny of men and was to prosper, be unafraid and undisnations is in the hands of the Almayed, and have the Lord with him, And the saints also shall hardly escape;

mighty, who has respect for righteousdepended upon his rating in that test. nevertheless, I, the Lord, am with them,

ness, and not in the hands of connivand will come down in heaven from theing politicians whose wisdom has perWe can demonstrate our strength presence of my Father and consume the ished, whose understanding has come and courage in the same way, and be wicked with unquenchable fire. (D. & C.

to naught, and who have no respect unafraid and undismayed and have the 63:3334.)

for righteousness. If it were not so, Lord with us whithersoever we go, by

I should be in utter despair. I beobserving the teachings of the living Two or three months later, he conlieve that the record and the word of prophets and observing to do according tinued:

is written in the standard to all that hope. our justify in so placing usGod

of the Church. works calling attention I cite to the your hand,... whenthe hourpeaceis shallnot yet,be takenbut isfromnigh theat

of Joshua, the successor to Moses, During the last years of President earth, and the devil shall have power over whose mission it was to lead Israel Woodruff's life, his mind dwelt much his own dominion.

over Jordan and divide among them upon the calamities which were comAnd also the Lord shall have power the promised land which was then ing upon the earth, and he gave many over his saints, and shall reign in their inhabited by an armed and hostile warnings of them. But he did not midst. (Ibid., 1:3536.)

people. It was a difficult and arduous leave his hearers in despair. Always

assignment. To strengthen him for it, he held out to them hope and courage, I am persuaded that a complete surthe Lord gave Joshua a great promise conditioned on their righteousness. render to the principles of righteousand a great charge. This is the Here is a sample of his teachings: ness would lift God's people out of

promise the turmoil of this present world. Such

earth, this of millions people the on the in has past, as record the been Over able shall be not any There man of almost darkness cloud a to there hangs the witness experiences of and Enoch life: all of thy the thee days beforestand

shoulders. their entirely you Can upon the record his people of and the Ne- I will with so be Moses,as with I was will tell are be people the where who me visit their phites following fail the forsake thee, from nor I willthee: not

. these great protected from shielded and risenthee. Redeemer.

are judgments calamities even which and

I'll tell you. at doors? our The now I is this the similar charge: believe a performance byAnd

priesttheir of honor priesthood who God in us bring our the day would same for their blesscourage: of of a strong are worthy good hood, and Be and who I I results. believe, not only but know shall for this divide shalt thou the ones have people are only an ings,unto who

it will that would, done. and yet be I are it protection. unto land, swareinheritance the their safety which They and

I I just don't soon, but know how people other beings.their give to them. fathers mortal the only No

Only be thou strong and very courhave a right to be shielded from these judgam looking forward with certainty to ageous... ments. They are at our very doors; not the fulfilment of the words spoken by

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Lord to the Church in its infancy, must endure. Paul said it was the

when he directed the Saints to gather glory set before Jesus for which he In both these references we are together their riches to purchase an endured the cross, and President given the key to happiness in this life inheritance in Zion, which he said was Young said it was the vision of Zion and happiness in the life to come to to be a land of peace, a city of refuge, as it shall be which sustained the carry throughout all eternity.

a place of safety for the Saints of the Saints as they pulled their covered Adam fell that men might be; and men

most high God. There the glory of wagons from ruts and mudholes and are, that they might have joy. (II Nephi

the Lord is to be a terror to the wicked trudged across the plains. Therefore, 2:25.)

and a comfort to the righteous. Zion's with hope in the future, let us lift

inhabitants are to be the only people up our hearts and rejoice, and with Joy comes as a result of progress, as that shall not be at war one with anstrength and courage let us gird up a result of accomplishment for good.

other, and every man that will not take our loins and take upon us the whole That is why we all shouted for joy up his sword against his neighbor must armour of righteousness, that we may when the opportunity was given to us flee unto it for safety. be able to withstand these evil days, to come to this earth and partake of

obedience, blessings through made all, that able the having done be may we it shall to that rightpass the come And freeto us exercising possible through stand. to

all shall eous gathered be out from among freeto agency. exercise For man as these journey through And we nations, shall to singing Zion, and come sides to he both agency must have times, anxious of everlasting (Ibid., with songs joy. decision from. In every choose made 45:71.) bless thee, thee: Lord keep and The evil there be both must and good an a

his face shine thee Lord upon make The if all influence; for of the had good brothers we I know, and Now, my

lift thee: gracious unto be Lord and The all evil the or right of sisters, be would that will souls we have our we thee, his countenance give upon and up in tried the path to Satan which same tested before these glories reach we 6:2426.) thee peace. (Num.

first in place, establish that of the if future, the in of but have them we view and live righteously, we shall This I humbly pray in the name of predestination. And so there must

thereby be sustained for the trials we Jesus Christ. Amen. be both sides to choose from in every

case.

As the Lord said in the Doctrine and Covenants in the verse from which

I previously read:

And it must needs be that the devil Obedience should tempt the children of men, or they could not be agents unto themselves; for

if they never should have bitter they

Brings Happiness 29:39.)could not know the sweet. (D. & C.

Therefore, in all that we do we must be tempted. Then our growth

depends upon our obedience. The

first step in our progress for the eternithine against saying, honor, me, Give me is ties the gospel of Jesus is third part also power; a which and my Christ. not others; convert do acceptingWe of of turned the the hosts he heaven missionaries not others. convert do their of because agency; from ELDRED G. SMITH away me teach to think them for themWe thrust thus they and down, were And

selves; they and desire when a have his devil the angels; and came

5u (L-ldred Lj. Smltk forAnd,thembehold,from thetherebeginning,is a placewhichpreparedplace withinedge andthemselvesexpress thatto desirereceivein knowlaction,

hell. by being obedient to the desires of PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH is

And fulfilled then it must needs be that the devil God, they have that law children the or they tempt of men, should that is upon blessing which prediSISTERS, to I wish BROTHERS AND for themselves; not agents unto be could cated, brings which a knowledge of feelings along express with my if bitter could they they should never haveMY the to gospel through them the Holy in this conference others regardthe sweet not know Ghost. late passing of President, theing our it to that the Wherefore, pass came

is fulfilling the Baptism I, of ordian for one, Smith. Albert haveGeorge devil of partook he tempted and Adam,

lost a great friend. I don't think anythe forbidden fruit and transgressed the nance which is an act of testifying

one has been more able to take the commandment, wherein he became subthat we will be obedient in keeping place of my earthly father than Presiject to the will of the devil, because he the commandments of God. The greatdent George Albert Smith has done. yielded unto temptation. est blessing promised in the Word of

is that all in his life I think of knowledge. The he emulated

are: of And reading from Moses: Wisdompromises given gospel, principles of thethe no and

fell is in the that selected subject during Ghostmatter Holy day what And all saints to And remember keep who of the beareth record which upon Adam,this General the conference by Authese sayings, do and in walking obedi-

I the the saying: Son, only Father and amthorities of or those speak any who to the ence shall commandments, receive the beginning, the of Father begotten from it willhere, subject of be which a in their health navel their to and marrow forever, that hast henceforth as thou and bones; Albert SmithPresident George was

all fallen redeemed, be mayest thou and excellent example.an shall find And wisdom great and will. as as mankind, even many

I will the with treasures of pray be Lord knowledge, And even hidden in that blessed day God Adam And treasures. I (D. I C. 89:1819.) thought express as & what todayme filled, to prophesy began and and was

principles in of thehave mind on had all earth, families the of concerning the I of reminded story am a of a man foundation the gospelthe and upon for the of saying: Blessed be God, name tried once to discontinue the who use this in happiness havewhich may we are transgression of eyes because my my tobacco. of became almost He a life Ilife in life this the to happiness shall in joy, come; and opened, and have nervous wreck. worried himself He I flesh shall in the see again and sucfor God. happiness without comes no

sick about he going how much wascess, progress. or or all without growth his wife, these things heard Eve, And

It without tobacco. his on was mind it glad, saying: for not the and Doctrine from was Reading and Were

until constantly he so became nervous transgression our should never have we twentynine, Section versesCovenants, that so and shaky he couldn't hold his arid seed, should never have known36 to 40, had still. later hands on, the elders Then evil, reof our good and the and joy

And it came to pass that Adam, being demption, and the eternal life which God the missionaries—contacted him andtempted of the devil—for, behold, the giveth unto all the obedient. (Moses 5:9- told him about the Word of Wisdom,

devil was before Adam, for he rebelled (Concluded on following page)

JUNE 1951 415 sealing, including the blessings of godwrongs that are in the world today,

Eldred G. Smith Continued hood and exaltation just because they for all the false teachings and terrible

do not want to be obedient in wearing wars that we have experienced, all and he said, "If that's what the Lord the temple garment. The greatest the tragedies and sufferings of huwants, then I'll do it."And with the blessing that comes from wearing the manity caused by sin and the loss of

idea in his mind that he was going to garment is the result of obedience. faith in God, our children will have

do it because of obedience to the Then the Lord will bless us. The to pay in the future. It was the

commandments of the Lord, he dissuccess of our entire earth life depends historian Froude who wrote:

he of tobacco; and the usecontinued obedilearn to be well we upon how

is forever sounding voice a History the in of front his outheld hands withobedience can ent. no be There right of and the laws centuries the across said,visitors and him "Look with how both gives us which freeagency out change, alter, manners Opinions wrong. I of as as I'm steady anysteady am; from. Thank evil choose to and good is fall, the moral law but rise and creeds I tobacco without gone have andthem the plan and gospel for the God eternity. every For tablets of the written on

for months."some evil resist to and us gives cruelty for power God deed, unrighteous false or word

to attitude has much mental Our right. the vanity, lust or the for choose oppression, and

to be with whetherdo or not we want at last: not by always paid to be has us and price with the Lord be may And the ofobedient to the commandments one. but paid by some offenders, chief the need, that blessings we those us give and live. endure alone truthLord. Justice and

The same is true in respect to payto carry us through these troubled Injustice and falsehood may be longlived, are obedient long for as times, as we to them, in at last comes but doomsday his tithing tithing.ing pays If a man

is in our which and to his will do that ways. other terrible revolutions and to tobecause he wants be obedient

the of will take care the Lord power, will of hethe God, commandments its at arrived it. has needn't worry rest of Our civilization And we result, as blessings areceive more

conflict beas of for after times, ages as long state distressed present about it easier to will pay. beand much

its it All live plan wrong. right and gospel the and tween have we all it requirements other is with soAnd

of its the all to obedient hopes being idea and of the achievements with for the attendance gospel; example,of

critical his in Father, a are things greater our Heavenly of desires now is saidat meetings. sacrament What

all other for worse. or is better and for the best Many way, hour way isat not remembered, always Church

afof. in governmental care ye Seek will taken be and things women men for being blessing the receivebut we

all retheir of clear idea and fairs of heaven first no have the kingdom result the carryobedient. a As we

it. have should that unto humanity sponsibility else shall added be inSpirit of our the us with work Lord

mankind. of future the of be towards the Lord blessings the inbetween and meetings our various May

do rise to It is true that good men at this those this people andactivities gather with upon again until we the Saints. conference and those who shall follow their responsibilities. They understand

Some people sacrifice all the blessme in occupying the time here, I ask the great problems of the hour. There

ings of the temple endowment and in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. are men who in the hours of human

history have messages from God. They

have been inspired because they approached life with deep faith. Fortified by faith these men have gone quietly about teaching the world the dream

of moral and spiritual perfection.

Such men are few, but their messages brother universal. and You I, mySEVEN "The are

in hearts our deeply seventies, know the meaning of the gospel of Jesus

Formula of Heaven"thatChrist.we haveWe theare insightdeeply toconvincedlisten to

the voice from heaven. You must

become profoundly convinced of your

Dm cU.ei/1 (L-dgar\aar bujonnat todivineknowmission,that thereand youare willmen alsolivingcometoPRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY day whose lives are lives of revelation.

LEVI EDGAR YOUNG It is from Christ, our Redeemer, that we learn the lesson of eternal life

Deathus allhasthis broughtday. Presidentdeep sorrowGeorgeto todomtheofdreamGod uponof establishingthe earth. theAccordking- andity ofbecomespiritualconsciousvalues. of the immortalAlbert Smith has been called to ing to the promise, he looked for a The seventy of the Church bear a

the great beyond, and though we know new heaven and a new earth wherein noble and divine title. To understand

it was the will of our Father in heaven, dwelleth righteousness. He lived "... the words used to designate the meanyet his passing will be keenly felt by to give light to them that sit in darking of our priesthood gives a better

the thousands of people who had ness and in the shadow of death, to understanding of ancient life and come under his influence. His life guide our feet into the way of peace."thought. We sense more clearly the

was one of noblest effort to attain a (Luke 1:79.) deeply religious atmosphere of Bibliknowledge of the purposes of the Lord. His comforting word this day would cal life, which will awaken within us

He never held aught against his neighhave been: a more ardent missionary zeal. There

bor; and every day witnessed a divine was under Moses, and apparently in all

act for someone who was in need. Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and ages, a senate or council of elders

Could each one who knew him vow the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. numbering seventy or seventytwo on

the shall For, the behold, darkness cover little did as special responsibility as his task he lay even ato do whom the people: gross but darkness and in of one, the a earth, nation. Shortly the advisers the greater ofhis manner

shall thee, his arise the Lord and upon eterfor for Sinai, after but not council of leaving a atrue sevenday man, shall {Isaiah thee. glory seen be upon

better elders thenity, a world ty chosen would from what among was we 60:1-2.)

have. He was the spirit he worked * * *'* * or chiefs of all the tribes except Levi

in. As an Apostle and President of and solemnly set apart to their dignity

the Church of Jesus Christ, he was a I should like to speak briefly to you by Moses, as a kind of senate to aid light unto his people and pointed the seventies and to the priesthood of the him by their counsel. After being

way by his purity of life and conChurch in general. confirmed in their dignity by the peostancy to the divine purposes of his We are all greatly concerned with ple, they assembled around the sacred

God. Traveling hopefully on day by the presentday social and religious tent, and the whole number broke out

day, he gave every hour of his life conditions of the world. For all the! into prophetic enthusiasm under the

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA influence of the Spirit of God. The cated the design of the Master to

seventy chosen from all the tribes anorganize his ministry that the work of HAROLD B. LEE

ticipated, in their prophetic gifts, a teaching the gospel might be incharacteristic of future generations. augurated at once. The Apostles were

Says Geikie: to go forth two by two that the Master

might become known. They were to

It is singular to notice the constant rework miracles, heal the sick, and bless currence of the number Seven. Seven priests the lowly. Reverently does James in

the beforego with seven Ark trumpets, epistle for his describe they prayed howseven days, going times seven the round oil in anointed the sick the ZION with andcity the seventh on day. The Passover

of the 5:14Lord. (See James name the Feast lastedand of Tabernacles each

seven days. To ratify an oath was to 15.)"seven it."The number seems to have After choosing the Twelve, Jesus Must Be

been regarded as the symbol of completecalled the Seventy. We read in Luke

ness or perfection, and to have been as 10:1, these words:

such, connected intimately with everything

After these thingsrelating to God. the Lord appointed Strengthened

other seventy sent them also, and two

We recall the seven virtues or gifts and two before his face into every city of the Spirit, known in ancient times and place, whither he himself would to the seventy elders. Balzac, the come.

French historian, quotes Louis Lamthe Apostles and Seventy When OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEbert as he writes of whom it is natural to chosen, believe declaring werethat the is the word "seven""Formula life, discourse ideal the that a under onof live Heaven."Therefore as you sustaining for the sincerely pray of the the Father, sovereignty dewas expressand thoughts, as your you faith prayers of and your power the livered 1 Jesus. This was by Sermonthink, act, in as be accordmust you I shall that for the moments few to for the teach he wished Mount, on theance with ideals of fundamental this morning. before stand you life his disciples that the of they wayheaven. see the the beauty and We the sit this with morning As we into significance enter true the mightsacredness the of "seven."word We death, of the of hand reminder present It his doctrines. of ideal of an was theunderstand of kingthe meaning imall a with of us common moved principles, rules. of not a and code its of possess becausedom God we great feeling our of pulse toward that the viewpoint, This Sermon on the are ofpower. reminded here We I that recalled a remark leader, have the ordination the sermon, was Mount ofsaying the the door above Harvard to Hatch Lorenzo H. Elder made was is that of and Luke modern many ofSchool Music: at as myself, waited down and we life Christ. of the writers on

To charm, to strengthen, and to teach Jesus founded his Church upon the Las Vegas, Nevada, a few weeks ago these are the three great chords of might. rock of revelation, and he set forth for a late, delayed train. We chanced

in clearness that his Church is an to be in conversation with a life inThe people of the world need to be organized reality, small in numbers, surance salesman who is reputed to be of the gospeltaught our and Lord in salesmen outstanding of the one in its beginning, but destined to become is diSavior. the unfolding Teaching sentiment expressed a He his America. inspired a movement. world He

into within vine spark every person I intrigued want to me, and that has with Apostles a defiand Seventies its fullest majestic purpose and is out. from withinTeaching A teacherscope. nitehe calledconsciousnesswere notof greatunity.menThein menthe repeatpressionit ittomadeyou uponbecauseme. of Hethe said,immust know something about the subordinary sense; they were representa- "If you ever want to stir a man into

ject he is explaining to a listener. For tive of the common people, possessaction, you want to back up the hearse

this reason every missionary should ing neither wealth nor great learning. and let him smell the flowers prepared

this student, hard and a be means service."his for own their qualified calling for were They

It selfdiscipline the work. and means terribly first their for desire to a that goodness seemed and deep be by At

life,"the live desire the "simple to I find thought truth. In to the prospect, but as they him gruesome came

life to that out reaches God. Of it that it Life. to of the seemed more, about me Word

idealists, missionaries are the course of it all a crude but after way was seventies are the teachers of You first tq for the caring of welfare men that has truth eternal great stating a all nations. righteousness to bear You life of to sense a what awaken them prophets the us to thundered been by faithful the testimonies divine to your the really one can means. deny No the beginning. through All the from light Christ. of gospel of the Jesus for desire force the the or of beauty given a counsel scriptures had have we spirit forth with go which you The belief one's extending hopes and own all do, that should that us we we is the that of the Mount. Sermon on for others, the to imparting to them the to single eye an with should do results will of teachings your be The light salvaof one's comfort and own the glory, Lord of glory which God, farreaching.

tion. that characterthing the This was to bring to to declared was Moses, is of world today awakening The life ized the the and of Apostle Paul life, that eternal immortality and pass the to looking future with renewed and that inspires of hosts misthe mighty nearer death that reminder draws very is spiritual faith hope. epoch and A sionaries misin Life of the today. It live. that that was each day we is spiritual us a freedom and upon is over, sionary's and heart no made Apostle the expressed thought by same President being mankind. made by faith of the the sooner has and hope said: he Paul when that said "the once Brigham Young of future hold illuminated taken an

is for all to to scatter doubt one way disseminate to him than he is desirous life this If in hope in only have we real are more work."Hopes It is begin this world. miserable. to all the possession of are Christ, most all men we

the power of the gospel truth that gives than fears; faith more potent than un-... For as in Adam all die, even so in

him what he calls his "testimony."certainty. Beautiful were the words of Christ shall all be made alive. (I Cor.

There is a splendor of spirit and often the shepherds of old when they said: 15:19, 22.)

a grandeur of achievement which bring "Let us now go unto Bethlehem, and to him hallowed feelings and a gratesee this thing that has come to pass."It was also the great prophet Amuful heart for what he, through the The world must turn to Bethlehem. lek's testimony in which he declared,

to Spirit a deeper Seventies to acable of come God, has been we May life is the this time for men behold, For are, duties realization of our complish. and what

. to.. [and] to prepare meet God;

in ministry, in his are heart as early pure period long so we At an their labors. and performto

Jesus, after a night of prayer in a humble in spirit, the way will be made... for after this day of life, which is

lonely mountain spot, chose twelve clear by our faith in God. I ask the given us to prepare for eternity, behold, if

men for his Apostles. It was an imblessings of the Lord upon us all, in we do not improve our time while in this

portant event in history, for it indithe name of Jesus Christ. Amen. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1951 AM Harold B. Lee Continued ardshineforforth,the nations.that thy (Ibid.,light may115:4-5.)be a standinfatherthe morningto milk theshe wentcows. outAndwithas herthe

the father she towards out and wentlife, of night then the darkness cometh I scripthose of thought have As father barn, the her her took hand by there laborwherein performed. be can no I tures, statement a remembered have

girl, said, the are product and you "My if behold, procrastinated For ye have official that of the an made by was this Christ, of and of Jesus Church untilthe of repentance your even day after Steel States Corporation United true the also of are product a youdeath, behold, subjected ye have become or with spent him an hour I had two fail, If spiritto devil, the Saint seal of the he doth Latterday home. and you

officials at his of and company down his; Spirit therefore, of the the Lord asyou the are far concerned Church you so said to "This Square. me, Welfare Hehath you, hath from no and withdrawn failed."failed has your has and home

is the practical of demonstration a all in devilplace the you, hath power and girl realized that has time from That aid giving Christ, in of gospel Jesus is final this state of the theover you; and the she, as that a of Church member less the fortunate."to the 34:3233,wicked. needy 35.) and (Alma

it Christ, to witness of of a Jesus was all the world either for good or for bad. ''...# Zion must increase in beauty, and in holiness; Oh, the majesty of Joseph sold into

her borders must be enlarged; her stakes must be strength Egypt, who shamed the beautiful but

ened; yea, verily I say unto you, Zion must arise and put apparently unloved wife of Potiphar,

on her beautiful garments."(D. & C. 82:14.) when she would have tempted him to a serious sin, and he said, "My master

trusts me, and thou art his wife. How

can I do this great wickedness and

It was this very reminder that the That was a new concept to me, that sin against God?"(See Gen. 39:8.)

Angel Moroni gave to the Prophet in the welfare program we were standHe, too, felt his great responsibility

Joseph, which he records in that ing as witnesses before the world of in being a true witness of the divine famous Wentworth letter when he the divine way by which the Lord's truths which he professed to believe.

quoted the Angel Moroni as saying work was to be done.

that So, we witness in our missionary In one of the revelations the Lord work the magnificent spectacle of said something else that to me has... preparatory work for the second comyoung men and young women, for the significance here. He said,

ing of the Messiah was speedily to commost part, to all the ends of the earth, in increase beauty, Zion must for at the For and that the time handmence; was their unselfish that services they by enlarged; holiness; her its all borders in be to must fulness in preached begospel as at all witnesses stand times and strengthened; stakes yea, must in inher be all nations, that a might people untopower,

of the all places responsibility divine arise verily unto I say you, Zion must reign. Millennial for the preparedbe

(D. H. C. IV: 537.) upon the Church to teach the gospel. and put on her beautiful garments. (D. 6

So, in making sacrifice, in the pay- C. 82:14.)

In making for that preparation, the ment of our tithes, and in fasting and

Lord has defined certain great responsipaying our fast offerings, in raising I heard a lovely Japanese missionary bilities for his Church. He said as money to pay for meetinghouses and qirl down at Kamuela on the island of

one of the signs of his coming that temples, again we are witnessing that Hawaii a few years ago make what I the gospel of the kingdom was to be the law of sacrifice is required of all think was a personal application of preached unto all the world for a true Saints if we would claim kinship that principle as it pertained to her witness unto all nations, and then to him who gave his life that men home. There were few missionaries in

should the end come, or the destruction might be. that day, the war was not yet ended,

of the wicked. (See Matt. 24:14.) In our social conduct, in our dancand this young lady with her comThat witness, we have understood, was ing, in our play, we must never forget panion were two of the only four

to be a witness of the mission of the that in that play we are witnessing missionaries on that island. We had

Messiah. It was to be a witness of also that we are his special witnesses in the audience eightyfive United

the divinity of his mission. It was to of the divinity of the organizations States marines, all Latterday Saints,

be a witness that the gospel of Jesus who sponsor our play. who were being trained there supChrist had been restored in all its So, every boy in military service, posedly for an invasion off Japan, the

fulness, in this the Dispensation of the

Fulness of Times.

that else there But was something is AX/e witness in our missionary work the magnificent to witness which supposed werewe also spoken of in the revelations. Alma spectacle of young men and women who by their

spoke of this to his people who were unselfish service's to all the ends of the earth stand as about to be baptized. As a part of witnesses at all times and in all places of the divine re*

the covenant which they were about to enter, he said that they were to sponsibility upon the Church to preach the gospel.

stand as witnesses of God at all times In our social conduct, in our dancing, in our play, we and in all things, and in all places that must never forget that we are his special witnesses of the they might be in, even until death. divinity of the organizations who sponsor our play.

(Mosiah 18:9.) In one of the earliest

revelations given in this dispensation, the Lord said, and every girl in her social conduct, homeland of these two lovely missionAnd even so I have sent mine everlasting every businessman in his dealings with ary girls. Our sister missionary was

covenant into the world, to be a light to his neighbor, is a witness as to whether called to speak before that kind of the world, and to be a standard for my or not this work in which he believes audience. Tremblingly she stood at

people, and for the Gentiles to seek to it. is divine. The Church rises or falls the pulpit, and this is what she said:

(D. & C. 45:9.) on the tide of these personal witnesses. "When my father came to me and

to that told in fast I sat they on go wanted meetweeks ago me me few A us, the again admonished on He Father, 'No, mission, I said him, a in to ing the Eighteenth South Ward the which he gave name by whenday "I can't pressed lovely (Salt a mission.'on a go City) heard and Lake He called. to Afterthe be Church was

I said, girl to she as in to "Oh, her midtwenties bear why, her and stand us thegiving name, It further, can't."thrilling just testiand testimony. urged he a But her was

the..last. thusdays,shallevenmyThechurchChurchbe calledof Jesusin monygirl. Sheof atoldbeautifulin her Latterdaytestimony aboutSaint thenI go sheout said,into the"I can'tmissiongo fieldbecauseI'll beif

Christ of Latterday Saints. a morning out on the farm in a little expected to preach certain principles

Verily I say unto you all: Arise and country district where at four o'clock of the gospel, principles which my own

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA father and my own family are not Second - 5eiiion FRIDAY AFTERNOON, APRIL 6living."

The father asked, "What are we not doing that you'd have to preach?"

"Well,"replied his daughter, "I'll to teach of sacribe expected the law fice. not paying even You're your Signs of the Times

tithing. I'll be asked to teach them

about family prayers, and we never have family prayers. I'll be expected

to teach the Word of Wisdom; we're

using coffee and tea in our home. I'll PRESIDING BISHOP

be expected to teach the importance of giving service in the Church, and you are shunning that service. No, that probably it wasn't as cold and

Father, I can't go out and be a hypoLeGRAND RICHARDS dreary a world, after all, as it might crite."be.

I I live just sleepless that father said, think spent on, a and go "You I feel SISTERS, BROTHERS ANDnight. right, courlose next our morning,"don't your you and "The Japa-

I this here day stand as humble isn't life said, sister think that don't "Father age, tonese MY came and me for to the grateful Lord my but living. isn't said, go, dear, while 'You andand and worth your worth my his his people and with association live die live will hisfather try or to as whether you you daughter Whether "like express to should Church. great live towill are permitted preach.'or whether you

father's family and of love the myI life isn't life going short a long a or I later, at her over met days Two for children wife and myself and my is that deterto going the thing to be at conference, missionary aHonolulu President president, worthy our failure or success the of your mine just for the she beenand had home a has been Smith. Albert He George if it's live. life; you And we howfirst in years. nearly time two And us, all have and to of friend great we it right, live will not matter only I of conference the the courseduring honhave deeply, and we loved him is long; short the or time whether we her, find to didwhispered you "How calling his holy in high and ored him it."to about won't have worry much tears smiled,things at and She home?"this Church. of President as the

I that conversaabout thought said, "It's all as she As her eyeswere in I I pray this afternoon, say What

I of of the the thoughtright. words happy."Father I'm is, and help tion, that it will direct, will the Lord

Youth that we send out from us to inspire others to want to live nearer Savior. On one occasion, the Pharirarely ever will be stronger than the to the Lord and keep his commandsees and the Sadducees came to him,

kind of homes and environment from ments and help to build his kingdom and tempting him, asked him to show which they come. The challenge of here in the earth. them a sign from heaven. And Jesus

this time, what with military service A few weeks ago, a young lady answering said unto them, years, eighteen youngof and appointment; for men young an phoned me

. it is It will evening, say, ye.. When life, isgirls their social in office, disturbed she the to she came when is fair for red. weather: sat be the sky

is in holiness. little increasedto and while, see that Zion for cried a there and It will foul in the morning, be AndWe must increase in beauty. Our then she said: "I guess I'm jittery."weather to day: for the sky is red and

homes, our quorums, our wards, and "Well,"I said, '"that's all right."lowring. O ye hypocrites, ye can disour stakes must be strengthened. Zion Then when she had composed herself, cern the face of the sky; but can ye not

must arise and put on her most beautishe said, "Bishop, what is there for discern the signs of the times? (Matt.

ful garments. the young people today? We have war. 16:2-3.)

it all looks the boys; taking are I They wise counwhile read short ago A If signs could the the discern world us. is of great ahead like another war sel lovely mother, Susannah a from

it times, difficult of the not be would to people have young do we of What mother Wesley,Wesley, John for to that understand the them God live for?"circles. religious in This wasfamed

Israel his of set to has a do hand I minutes for a at her few looked said to this her lovely motherwhat "wonder a marvelous and work among of thought ever said, you "Have and criterionson, a which by which was his in earth the people there that and story?"of the side other the right in wrong, and judge couldhe

is ultiis established a that kingdom side?"said, "What She all in for that matterpleasure, and

fill to destined earth. the mately whole the I said, remember "you "Well,"life. affairs her ofthe These were

it it it is will because do God's And that went of the buckets story twowords: the of not man. and work work up, well; the as one in came the down

Would you judge the lawfulness or it said, 'This is surely a cold and dreary While I was president of the Southunlawfulness of pleasure? Then use this world. No matter how many times I ern States Mission, one of our missionrule: Whatever weakens your reason, imcome up full, I always have to go down aries wrote in from Florida and said,

pairs the tenderness of your conscience, empty.'Then the other bucket "President Richards, I have been readof sight from takes your God, obscures signs ing the of it the is of about the coming said, 'With me and inlaughed or spiritual things, thirst for youryou said, the Lord."sun times He matter "When different. many how No over authority the your of creases body the darkens and ceases to I give I moon up come always empty, qo is evil. to that thing then you mind, your "down its light fall stars the heaven, from and full.'evil test detect matter no you mayBy this

is will that everybody he comto know stopped I said, ever you "Have temptation plausibly or subtlyhow how may be presented to you. realize that of all the millions of our ing."

Father's children, vou are one of the And I wrote back and said, "ProbOh, I wish that every youth would most favored? You are privileged ably they will know. The newspapers

use that rule and measure everything to live in the Dispensation of the Fulmight announce some great phenompresented to him in order that he ness of Times that the prophets of enon in the heavens, misplacement of might choose the right. God grant old have looked forward to, when planets, that have caused this conthat we may strengthen Zion within there is more revealed truth upon the sternation, and scientists will have

ourselves, that we might live nobly earth than there has ever been in any their explanation to make of it, and and prepare to present ourselves in other dispensation of the world's hisunless they have faith in the Living honor at the close of our lives here, tory, and where we enjoy blessings God, unless as Jesus said, they can before him whose name we bear as and comforts of life that kings did not read the signs of the times, they may members of the Church of Jesus Christ enjoy a few years ago. Have you ever not know anything about what is goof Latterday Saints, I humbly pray stopped to think of that side of the ing on in the world.

in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. story?""Why,"I said, "if the inhabitants

Amen. And before she left, she decided (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1951 419 (Continued from preceding page) where he saw the house of the Lord And this gospel of the kingdom shall for all the in witpreached a world be the in of tops the established mounability the the this earth andof had all nations; ness unto shall then and that last days, tains he and in the saw signs times, the of the to readpower (Ibid., come. 24:14.) end it, all flow and the should nations unto the that alreadythey would know

Lord has given far more than the they would say: A friend of mine sent me a newsthe obscuring or the of sundarkening clipping paper the from Angeles Los

.. let the to us ye, and go up. Come stars the light the or causing It of gives day. report other moon the of a

the to the of of the Lord, house mountain fall for has heaven, he to It from what of the churches. to goes growth on his will of us teach of he Jacob; and God of establishment in the accomplished say, Church, devot- "The Mormon in his paths. will ways, walk and we

in in the earth these his kingdom ing great of effort deal to mis- a the (Isaiah 2:3.)

latter days, and the unseen power sionary field, is one of the fastest in this ever world acfor the happened in the Has that operating world orders growing world"—not

if is to are before? about the Lord his purposes, of complishment And in just in the Rocky in Mountains—butthe

the world. How could the gospel be

LeGrand Richards preachedness unto inallallnationsthe worldbeforeforthea witend of should a without come, system havthat indicated as has he these come, signs he greater than any it ing great misas the such preached latter in the in these days, that about—-theof would read phenomena we

this of sionary Church. system me To his establishment his should of kingdom, signs of coming."

it is the things of marvelous most one these fulfilment of a not have we I bear testimony to want Now, my this think ever has world produced: To Isaiah then promises? goes on And set his that to has you I know God missionaries the that can send Church tell that be, us time to would when Israel, just to gather scattered hand don't the they thousands, and have by adds: because he told the as Prophet Joseph, Moroni for going! to paid be

there of this before as part work, was sister office into a came One my shall nations, the judge he among And before of the Church, organization any for to interview weeks few shall ago people: they rebuke me and and many

or there priesthood power any was their shall into said: beat she swords plowshares, her missionary boy, and

to officiate in the name of the Lord. and their spears into pruninghooks: nation "Bishop, I have a son in Switzerland.

The Angel Moroni told the Prophet shall not lift up sword against nation, I have a daughter in the Great Lakes that, the of neither quoting words Joseph boy."shall they learn war any more. Mission. Here's She my last

[Ibid., 2:4.) scatgather Isaiah, the should Lord well clad. I looked was not very And

in Israel bring the dispersed tered and "Sister, said, at can her do you and

I since small boy, a have Ever I was for the set ensign of up an and Judah

I thrilled time every the it?"heard have it? hasn't Let nations. he done Well, it will replied: some She make "We Isle to the spoken words upon John here consider has us happened what way."

the of voice heaven Patmos from when in as the of mountains valleys these is is faith that goof kind the That

I said, will hither up and "Come fulfilment of the the promises part of a to ing the to carry message gospel things herethee which must be shew his prophthe through has Lord made clime. land every every and And

after."said: 4:1.) (Rev. John Then the old: cause should ets he of this in how faith that of been kind has

the high to flow from waters down and very beginning, from the Church I fly in the angel saw another And it reservoired has been places where it will continue it is God's because of midst the everlasting having heaven, in these mountains, how the rivers gospel to preach unto them that dwell on work, and that unseen power that should flow in the deserts (and if you the earth, and to every nation, and kinmotivates it will continue to carry it go up through Idaho and see those dred, and tongue, and people, on.

great canals out of that Snake River, Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and When you read an article such as you will see that those canals are give glory to him; for the hour of his the one I just quoted from the newslarger than the average rivers you see judgment is come. (Ibid., 14:6-7.) paper in Los Angeles, it is not difficult

the in waters and the world how places. in spring should the dry ), up I have always understood that the sawfor youwhento heunderstandinterpretedwhatNebuchadDaniel

When I was in Arizona recently, I coming of this angel with the evernezzar's dream, when he saw that the gospel, and there can be at least inches in lasting twenty saw pipes last in the of should days heaven no God judgprecede the great other, should all running diameter day and night, little like stone a kingdom, a set up the time, full of water, and as I saw ments of the Lord. cut out of the mountain without hands,

them, I said to myself, this is what the You will remember, when Jesus was that should roll forth and fall upon prophets saw when the Lord declared upon the Mount of Olives, his disthe kingdoms of this 'world, and they through their mouths that he would ciples came to him, and he told them should all be destroyed, and the little turn the wilderness and make it to how the temple should be broken stone should become as a great mounthere that should not be livdown, rose. the are as blossom And we earth. one tain fill the and whole

left another. stone they upon Then in that'ing here day. will as it become a great mounWhy

said, said then that he would it is he tain? And builded Because upon

cause the daughters of Zion to come Tell us, when shall these things be? and eternal truth!

up and sing in the heights of Zion, and what shall be the sign of thy coming, And God can plant in the hearts where in all the world is there anyand of the end of the world? (Matt. 24:3.) of his children, for he created the

thing to compare with what has gone feelings of the human soul, a willout of this tabernacle from the heights He proceeded to tell them of the ingness to preach the truth until it of Zion, week after week, for these wars and destructions that should come shall ultimately triumph over all the twentyodd years as the Tabernacle upon the nations, and that there should kingdoms of this world.

Choir has broadcast to the world? be tribulations such as had not been In Florida, one of our missionary

Where could you pick a group out known from the beginning of the world boys preached on that subject in one of any other school like this group and should not be known until the end. of our meetings. At the close of the

that is here today? (I'm referring to Those of us who know of the nummeeting I stood at the door to shake

the mixed chorus from the Brigham bers who were killed during the last hands with the people, and a minister

Young University furnishing the music world war know that we have lived of the gospel came up and introduced for this session of conference.) in the day when tribulations have come himself to me.

God bless the youth of Zion. They to this world the like of which the He said. "You don't mean to say

are following in the footsteps of their world has never known from the bethat you think that little stone is the parents. They love the Church, and ginning of time. Of course, we do Mormon Church, do you?"

they have a testimony of the divinity not know just what the end is going I said, "Why not?"

of it, I know, through my association to be, or whether we have reached He said, "It couldn't be."

with these yOung people. that end or not. As another sign, the "Well, why couldn't it?"

And then read the words of Isaiah, Savior made this statement: He said, "Well, you can't have a

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA kingdom without a king. And you

don't have a king, so you haven't a kingdom."I said, didn't "Oh,"you "my friend, just quiteread far enough. read Faith in the You

the seventh chapter of Daniel, and there you will see that Daniel saw in like the coming Sonone of man Youth of Zion heaven,the of clouds and there was given him dominion and glory and a nations, all people, ingdom, that and ensonlanguages serve him. should Now,"

I said, "tell me, how is a kingdom OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE togoing given he to be him when EZRA TAFT BENSON of if there in the clouds heavencomes is no kingdom prepared for him? MayMen are of two kinds, and he

be you would like to know what is for the inspiration of heaven Was of the kind I'd like to be.

going to become of that kingdom. And Iprayand your faith and prayers, my No door at which he ever knocked

if you will read a little farther, you brothers and sisters, as I stand Against his manly form was locked.

If free earth ever on was manwill said: that soul 'But see Daniel afternoon. this you the before My

it he. independent, was And shallSaints of the take heart High Most made and subdued been has my

lost respect, pledge broken him No kingthethe possess kingdom, great and our of passing the through tender all erect, with met head men He if ever.'for that as Smith. weredom And Albert leader, George President I think he passed there went when And quitenot adds, long enough, humility, of feelings mingled I have 'Daniel to soul firmament yonder A

ever.'forever'even and passing the at gratitude, sadness, and fine so splendid, white, so and So

That is what the Latterday Saints of a prophet of God. All Israel, I am It came almost to God's design.

is for. theare working That work weeping. sure, And yet, been has Guest.—Edgar A.

is blessingthey the have to do. That it been a feeling of all has back the author. of of (Used by kind permission

the Lord has in store for them. And thanksgiving for the life of this great Copyright, Detroit Free Press.)

there is no power under heaven that man.

can stop it growing because it is his The Lord said in this dispensation: God bless the memory of President

it its will he tokingdom, see and on I grateful Smith. Albert George am insolove, in together live shalt Thou It is destiny.ultimate the time only for expression of words beyond my of for the loss shalt that thou weep muchin the the history of that world God close association the which had I have 42:45.) die, (D.... that & C. them set afoothas with a promise a work I last in the years. few with him am

that ultimatelydecreed it should subin that grateful family lived has my should it is fitting that so we And all thedue and powers the kingdoms the under has and same ward come should in and our hearts sadness haveof this forever. stand should world and spirit. his influence of the benign sweet love, of one passing the at we weep

My time is gone. You add to this, and one whom the Lord loves and I shall never cease to be grateful for

in your own thinking, the coming of has magnified. He was a man without the visits he made to my home while

Elijah, the prophet, before the great guile, and as President McKay said I was serving as a humble missionand dreadful day of the Lord should this morning, with Christlike attriary in the nations of wartorn Europe come, because the whole earth was to butes. at the end of World War II. Parbe utterly wasted at the coming of Since Wednesday night there have ticularly am I thankful for a visit in

failedthe if Elijah to come. still Lord Then of the night our little when heart and the going through been my

forth of the of the comingadd Book at death's door. any Without one lay lines under mind, these through my the companionMormon, volume found President announcement, Smith of the caption, "A Real Man":

scripture which he the Lord promised into that time and home to come would join to the Bible and make them Men are of two kinds, and he place his hands upon the head of that one in his hands. Then remember Was of the kind I'd like to be. little one, held in her mother's arms as

Paul's declaration that the Lord had Some preach their virtues, and a few she had been for many hours, and made known the mysteries of his will, Express their lives by what they do. promise her complete recovery. This

that in the Dispensation of the FulThat sort was he. No flowery phrase was President Smith, he always had

praise of glibly spoken words Or ofness might he Times, gather help, particularly to time those who for friends cheap wasn't him. He toWon all ingether in things Christ, one both sick, those him needed were who deep, his course ran shallow, but Or in arewhich are heaven and which most. kind. the pure. You know was And in him. hason earth; even There at evening the Lion Last Monday life find in you a Not manyitnever to a program been accomplish for there held a party House, was far so their words deeds outrun Whose

that objective in the history of the That more than what they seem, they are. those who had served on the general

world, so far as our records indicate, boards of M.I.A. in years past under

until we had the coming of Elijah with There are two kinds of lies as well: the leadership of Brother George Q.

his great sealing power of binding the The kind you live, the ones you tell. Morris and Sister Lucy Grant Candead that have gone beyond, as Paul Back through his years from age to youth non. It was to have been an April

untruth. acted never one Hesaid, "for they without us cannot be party, party, fun a the gathFool but

light in he fought the open Out perfect, nor them."withoutmade we to ering a turned out be spontaneous thought care others didn't what And if sisters, brothers and your Now, tribute to of the who, man fight. meeting his said they about what Nor

girls are and worriedboys about what as as other probably any much who right. that he believed If he was

is going to become of them, just let The only deeds he ever hid has ever lived, inspired and loved the them acquire in the depths of their Were acts of kindness that he did. youth of Zion. I wish you could

souls a testimony of the value of being have heard the tribute paid by dear privileged to live in this the DispenWhat speech he had was plain and blunt. Sister Ruth May Fox, ninetyseven

sation of the Fulness of Times, when His was an unattractive front. years of age, as she stood on her

God literally has set his hand to do Yet children loved him; babe and boy feet and bore testimony to the worth

the strength could with he Played a as marvelousa and wonder, work inspiration employ, of the President Smith and fleet fear, are they one and Without let to do, thenhe us promised and the to of has he which been youth injustice deceit. sense and To like hypocrites, thenot be can "Ye all his life. the of Zion through days his linked gossip backdoor name Nodiscern the sky; face of the but can I sat could wish have with you me tale of shame. shady any With

ye not discern the signs of the times?"He did not have to compromise the past two years in close associaGod help us to understand the signs With evildoers, shrewd and wise, tion with the National Executive

of the times, I pray in the name of And let them ply their vicious trade Board of the Boy Scouts of America the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Because of some past escapade. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1951 421

street corners hear bearing and spirits them choice these held been haveEzra laft Benson cow this truth testimony to the of great in this back to forth and day come and heard leaders of industry, finanlatter-day work. I thrill as I see them age when the gospel is upon the earth

ciers, business executives, and leaders in action on the basketball floor. I in its fulness, and that they have great

in the professions speak of the fine thrilled with them as they received responsibilities in establishing the life of President George Albert Smith. what was probably the last telegram kingdom. I presume that no generaTheir first words after greeting were which President Smith sent, which tion has faced more serious difficulties

usually, "How is my good friend, went to our B. Y. U. basketball boys than they face. They live in an age

George Albert Smith?"Many of them back in Madison Square Garden. I which seems to question all the standwould add, "A man of God, if there am stirred as I see our boys out in ards of the past, and which is disever was one."Then as we parted the service of their country, maintaincarding many of those standards. Yes,

they often said, "Take my love and ing the standards of the Church and they live in a period when even some greetings to President George Albert living the gospel in the face of temptaspiritual leaders, socalled, point out

Smith."He loved all men. They tion, sin, and evil all around them. that the question of smoking, drinking,

reciprocated that love. What an ex- I recall an incident which occurred and carousing has no relationship to

ample he has set for us all, my brothshortly after World War II. With the salvation, that these are personal matters.

I have the conviction that these ()ur first interest as a Church is to build charyoungand blessingpeople,of ifthetheyfullhaveprogramthe benefitof the acter, to save and exalt the souls of the children Church, are going to come through, in of men. spite of the temptations, with colors

Tn the youth of Zion there must be established flying in a way that will make us proud of them. However, they will need

real character as the one thing they can take more than material things. They are

with them into the world to come. going to need more than real estate,

ers and sisters, in this spirit of love, **| have faith in the youth of Israel, my brothers and sisters, fellowship, brotherhood! and

His great objective has been to I have seen them in action, as you have.... / rejoice to see

help save the souls of the children our missionaries go out into the world, to meet them on the of men. You remember, the Lord street corners and hear them bearing testimony to the truth of

said to the Prophet Joseph: this great latterday work."

Remember the worth of souls is great in the sight of God;

For, behold, the Lord your Redeemer president of the Northwestern States stocks and bonds, life insurance, or suffered death in the flesh; wherefore he Mission, I was making a tour of that even democracy. They are going to

suffered all of the pain that all men, men if spiritual foundation, in sane a Alaska. need mission, up were and we

repentmight him. unto (D. and come & if are going to endure, they be they the of visited there one While we 18:1011.)C.

live the clean to maintain able to and our with meeting held a camps and

The Lord said to Moses: servicemenI noted as thein servicethe littleprogressedarmy chapel.that pectsstandardsgreatofthingsthe Church.of them. GodHe exex-

For behold, this is my work and my sitting down in the far corner of the pects them to develop into noble charglory—to bring to pass the immortality and building at a table was a Protestant acters, into good citizens—citizens

eternal life of man. (Piof G. P., Moses chaplain. Apparently, he was trying which may eventually provide in part,

1:39. to give the impression that he was at least, the leaven which may help to

working, but we could tell he was save this great nation. He expects

Church—toThis is ourbuild firstcharacter,interestto assavea inlisteningthat service.to every Thisword finethat groupwas saidof themworld.to Helive expectsclean eventhem into agrowwickedup

and exalt the souls of the children servicemen led the singing, offered the with a testimony of the gospel. He

of men. President Smith was interprayers, administered the sacred emexpects these young men to live so

ested in this project above all others. blems, and bore testimony. As we that they can receive the holy MelHe realized that in the youth of Zion finished our meeting and were leaving chizedek Priesthood and so that

there must be established real charthe building, I went over to the chapeventually they can be married in the acter as the one thing they can take lain to express gratitude for the use temple of God to worthy companions with them into the world to come; of the building. As I did so, he said for time and eternity. He also exthat they must prepare themselves here in substance, "I wonder if you realize pects them to know the glorious blessfor exaltation. I am grateful that he the kind of young men you have repings of honorable parenthood and

had faith in them. I am grateresented here in this camp. They are eventually to be exalted in the celestial

ful for the inspiration that he truly a marvelous group of boys."kingdom of God.

brought to the youth of Zion. Yes, Then he went on to say, "They don't I am convinced, my brethren and

we do have faith in them. We have need a chaplain; any one of them sisters, that we have in the Church

faith that they will carry on, that they could take my place."I thanked him the finest program available anywhere

will measure up, that they will mainfor the compliment and started leavto help bring about these objectives, tain the standards of the past, the ing when he added, "One other thing. if our children are only put in touch

standards of their parents and their I have two boys of my own—eleven with this program. I am thinking nowgrandparents. It often would grieve and thirteen—and you know, I couldn't of the blessings which come to our

President Smith when he would hear wish anything better for them than children in the full and rich program people discredit the youth of the that when they grow a little older, of the Primary. They have just held

Church and suggest that they were they become members of your Church a convention here on this block. Are

probably headed for destruction. I and develop into the kind of young we missing any of our children? Is

recall his saying at one time that what manhood I have seen represented here the Primary program reaching them?

they need is a few more models and in your group of Mormon boys."And the same with the Sunday

not so many critics. My brethren and sisters, it is my School. Are our children in Sun-

I have faith in the youth of Israel, conviction that the finest group of day School? Are they being taught

my brothers and sisters, inspired in young people that this world has ever the gospel in the Sunday School large measure by President Smith. I known anything about has been born classes? Are our boys and girls athave seen them in action, as you have. under the covenant into the homes of tending M.I.A.? Are our boys receiv-

I rejoice to see our missionaries go out Latterday Saint parents. I have a ing and enjoying the rich blessings of

into the world, to meet them on the feeling that in many cases at least, the program provided through the 422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA scouting and Explorer program? Are training and vocational exploration.

they being ordained to the Aaronic Many boys have found their vocaPriesthood, and are they active in the tions through this program—through

rich program which is provided? the 111 merit badges which are con-

I know that the one great reason centrated courses in vocational guidwhy President Smith has been so acance in fifteen different activity fields.

tive for many years in the scouting Scouting teaches boys the crafts and program is the fact that the ideals of the skills and to do something useful scouting follow closely the ideals of with their hands.

the Church. The scouting program is And so, in view of the richness of

not a substitute for the Aaronic Priestthe scouting program and the fact hood program. The most important that these ideals coincide with the

possession that a boy can have is the ideals of the Church,, President Smith

Aaronic Priesthood. But scouting is has urged our full support in these

a supplementary, a complementary words: "It is my desire to see scoutJOSEPH F. MERRILL

program. It works hand in hand with ing extended to every boy in the

the program of the Primary, Sunday Church."Under his leadership and

School, and the Aaronic Priesthood, inspiration the Church has moved forand is an important and vital part of ward to an enviable position withour program for our boys. something over 2290 scouting and ExREPENT-

Scouting is dedicated to a fourfold plorer units, an increase of 180 during program: duty to God—reverence,First, it teaches theobservanceboy his stillthis pastapproximatelycalendar year.fifteenButpercentthere areof Live The

of the Sabbath, and the maintenance of our boys who are not enjoying the the spiritual standards and ideals of his benefits of the scouting and ExplorerChurch. Second, it teaches duty to program. Golden Rule

country—true patriotism—a love for One of our great needs, of course,

the constitution, for our free instituis effective leadership. Some of our

tions and our American way of life. boys are not being reached by this Dm /Joseph J-. ff/efntt

I was thrilled as I stood in Valley program. Some are not being reached

Forge last summer facing over fortyby the Aaronic Priesthood program. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

seven thousand representative boys Some of them are missing the benefits their is largelyas they blessings Primary. It before of eyes and saw depicted in stand: To

terriblethat 1777-8 leadership. winter of of question Boys a when the want Brethrenthis pulpitandtoSistersaddress many

Washington and his bedraggled forces the scouting program, we want them thousands who assemble here and all but perished there in Valley Forge. to have it; and if we have the right the countless thousands who listen to

These boys'hearts were touched as kind of leadership through real boys'the radio broadcasts is to be greatly they saw the father of their country men, they'll have it, enjoy it, and humbled by a keen feeling of heavy leave his troops and go off into the receive the blessings which come from responsibility to such a vast audience trees in the snow and bow in humble the program. The responsibility rests to say something that will be worthprayer before the Almighty that this with the priesthood—stake presilistening to. I am comforted, howyoung nation might be preserved. This dencies and bishoprics—to see that ever, in my humility, by the thought

was part of the twoyear Boy Scout this leadership is provided and that that Mormonism, the restored gospel theme to "Strengthen the Arm of every boy is reached. of Jesus Christ, is so fraught with

Liberty."Third, it teaches the value And so, my brothers and sisters, precious truths that any of these weof service to others—willing, unselfwe have a wellrounded program for may talk about are worthy of the

the youth of the Church. And we attention of every one of us—of every

are not dealing with ordinary young normal human being. But are not all

with choice are working familiar with these Saints We Latterday prothe need full Church t( have the conviction that people.spirits who them heard previously truths, having

these young people, if they gram. We want them to have the discussed many times? Yes, this may

have the benefit and blessing benefit of this program in its fulness, be the case, but if they love them, a into the that develop they might lisdiscussion or will be kind restatement the the full program of of which young of young and men women satisfaction. moreor-less with to tened

are Church, going to come the become. have them would Lord is this experience. I hope At least my

through with colors flying."Of course, these programs are not it is yours.

ends in themselves. They are tools. Mormonism, as I have just defined

They are a means to an end. The it, is not a Protestant, Catholic, Jewend is the salvation and exaltation of ish, or any other faith as taught by

ish service, and that the greatest God's children. other, churches. It is characterized

amongall—symbolizedthem mustby bethethe"goodservantturn."of programs.But these Theyprogramsare arethe notyouthoptionalprobyacceptedmany byteachingsother churches.and doctrinesThis factnotFourth, it teaches duty to self—that gram of the Church, approved by the is sometimes indicated by the statethey must keep themselves physically leadership thereof. May God bless ment that we are a peculiar people

strong, mentally awake, and morally us, my brethren and sisters, that as something of which we are proud yet straight. They must be prepared for leaders in Israel we may have the very humble and grateful for; for we

any eventuality to serve themselves, power and the inspiration to make our believe and testify that these charactertheir Church, and their country. young people want to enjoy the full istic teachings are absolutely true beThere is held up before them the program of the Church offered through cause they have come to us through

Scout oath and the Scout laws, which the Sunday School, the Primary, the visitations and revelations from heavfocus sources—from God and his mesare worth attentionwhile—thaton thosea Scoutthingsmustthatbe program,M.I.A., andthatthetheyAaronicmight Priesthoodeventually enlysengers.

trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, meet the expectations of their parIt is trite to say that Mormonism is courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, ents, their Church leaders, and our an everyday religion because it rethrifty, brave, clean, reverent. To be Heavenly Father. God bless us to quires its adherents to implement in

a good scout he must be faithful in this end. God bless the youth of their daily lives the teaching that faith

his religious duties. Scouting provides Israel everywhere, that they may grow without works is dead—as the Apostle

a program of training and experience. and develop into sterling characters, James stated it; they must practise all

It is a program for character developfaithful and true to this great latterday those virtues that will make them ment. It is a supplementary educational work, I humbly pray in the name of Saints in very deed. Some of these

program, a program of citizenship Jesus Christ. Amen. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1951 423 sofar as it is in our power. But is tensive use is made of the pictures of

Joseph F. Merrill Continued there not existent in many places young girls on billboards. This inamong us a reprehensible indifference vasion of the home to advertise beer

virtues, however, are considered basic and laxity relative to these things? by means of the radio and television

to an acceptable Christian life by all Yet do we not teach tolerance and has, of course, met with vigorous deChristian churches. A statement of free agency? is a question sometimes nunciation.

of in articles these is foundsome it? This asked. other about can with we do What Why interfere

thirteeneleven, twelve, of our and is that should every people's business? a problem This is home a Satanfaith and are as follows: inspired question. We certainly are try to solve. Let us not forget the "11. We claim the privilege of worexpected to defend ourselves against warning divinely given us in the Docshiping Almighty God according to the marauder, the robber, the despoiler trine and Covenants that "evils and

the dictates of our own conscience, and of the sanctity of our homes and designs do and will exist in the hearts allow all men the same privilege, let families and the destroyer of things Of conspiring men in the last days."

them worship how, where, or what we hold sacred and dear—as life, Loyalty to our doctrines and principlesthey may"—an ideal statement of liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. demands that we shall be alerted and

religious tolerance, something much Free agency is a priceless, Godgiven active in keeping evils and wickedness as far from us and our fellow men as we can. Let us not forget, but act.

There is another class of evils that conditions are bad, wherever we look into I desire to refer to—evils that permeate Moralthe world today, in some places very bad. relations with our fellow men. When

Wickedness o[ the blackest and most abominable asked by the lawyer which is the great kind exists nearly everywhere. commandment in the law,

Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the

Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with f SPEAK of these things only all thy soul, and with all thy mind.

but todayneeded denied beings in the past. of human to millions that we may be reminded ThisAnd isthethesecondfirst andis greatlike untocommandment.it, Thou

it is our duty to minimize shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. (Matt. "12. We believe in being subject to that

kings, presidents, rulers, and magisand eliminate indulgence in 22:3739.)

trates, in obeying, honoring, susand evils these us insofar among accept another of statement Wetaining law."the Loyalty to country

it is as being another of the version Jesus as within our power. to obedience constitutionaland laws It is as follows: second commandment.

full forare requirements fellowship in our Church.... whatsoever ye would that men

so to to you, should them: even do do ye "13. believe in being honest, We

(Ibid., this for is the prophets. the law and child to in mortality, every born true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and right

7:12.) right to but it not does include the in..."doing to all men. good

It is the emphasis we place upon mar, hurt, or destroy the wellbeing In this streamlined age we call the of our fellow men. read Did you this of Rule. statement of these for law Golden The things—chastity, relative recent statements newspaper in is rule also implied obviously This our moral standmakessomeexample—that the to vicious narcotic existence of faith. article thirteenth the of our ards higher than those maintained by

some other religious groups. rings which specialize in the teenage To what extent do we live the

At this point may I digress a motrade and encourage morphinemari- Golden Rule in all of our relations ment to say a word of tribute to our juana parties of boys and girls that with our fellows?

greatly beloved departed President, sometimes turn into orgies? You have Immediately following the outbreak

heard, of the of course, countrywide the of the 1950, Smith. Albert KoreanGeorge in June war been We have

racket, the slot machine things of income of price other friends years. for sixtytwo in foods and Late many

to annually which amounts the eighties that the cost of he billions of began fellow to go I were and up—not

dollars; of gambling horserace and students so soon. risen production during at the had one year Then University of Deseret. Since that time betting—these being other activities why? Almost simultaneously, or even

I have been more or less closely aswhere billions are lost. Evils atbefore this in some cases, a demand

sociated with him in Church work. tendant on the consumption of alcofor an increase of wages was made

For several years we were together holic beverages (the annual cost in by the leaders of some organized labor in the superintendency of the Young America of these is about eight billion groups. Why? Did the Golden Rule

Men's Mutual Improvement Associadollars) have also reached an enormotivate those responsible for raises tion in the Salt Lake Stake, when the mous magnitude. To these and many in price of commodities, or those who

stake covered the entire Salt Lake other evils are we not more or less clamored for increased wages?

County. I have said many times that indifferent? Oh, but, it is said, the law of supply

I have never known a man who I The National Safety Council and and demand governs these things. To

thought tried more sincerely and other agencies repeatedly warn that say that this is true is an outrage on harder to love everybody than did alcohol is responsible for large numbers the ordinarily accepted meaning of

George Albert Smith. Not that he of our accidents, troubles, sorrows, the word law as it applies to the

approved all people did, but the farther and deaths. Then why do we consume phenomena of nature or to enactoff the beam they were, the more he alcoholic beverages? To what extent ments of legally constituted human

seemed to sympathize with them beis this indulgence due to advertising? groups authorized to make enactments.

cause of their greater need for help. The brewers are reportedly doing a To be plain and frank, does not the

Looking out into the world today, good sales promotion job. Just now law of supply and demand mean, as

what do we see relative to the moral they are hammering at reaching a practised in commercial affairs, "Get standards expressed by these three consumption of one hundred million all you can for what you have to sell, articles of our faith? No matter in barrels of beer a year and are lookwhether it be commodities or labor or

what direction we look, and not going ing forward to 120 million barrels. services"? And are not greed and

beyond the boundaries of our own Much of this consumption they want selfishness among the real motivating country, we see moral conditions are in the home, for it is there they can and dominating forces operating in all bad, in some places very bad. Wickedbest develop the use of beer by women our commercial affairs whether they be

ness of the blackest and most abomiand young people. So it is said, big or little, whether the participants

nable kinds exists nearly everywhere. brewers are giving a great deal of be businessmen, professional men, or

I speak of these things only that we attention to the principles of storelaboring men?

is selling. dithat it be reminded duty, of advertising complain is our beermay Most We inflation—rising

as I see eliminate that deflate it, to minimize costs exploiting or lessen rected and the to the the purhome, indulgence in these evils among us ingreat interest in television; also exchasing power of the dollar. In the

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA last analysis are not selfishness and it; Satan has it, and he will not repent. which are unworthiness, selfishness,

greed responsible for inflation? Who And myriads of our fellow men will and greed. Further, we are so enin the U. S. is injured by inflation? not repent either because Satan has meshed in worldly ways of doing

Everyone who has bought a governthem in his power. So peace will things in the conduct of our businesses

ment bond (about eighty million peonot come to the earth and be worldand ways of making a living, that ple), everyone who has a savings wide until Satan is bound. But the we find the easiest way to get along

account, an insurance policy, or a millennium is coming—the Lord has is to do as the world does. In so

pension (at least one hundred million said it. But when it will come, no doing we may grievously sin by depeople ), everyone who works for man knoweth, for neither the day nor parting more or less widely from the

wages or a salary that does not rise, the hour has yet been revealed. standards of the Golden Rule. To the

percentagewise, as fast as the cost of However, brethren and sisters, it extent that we do this, we need to living goes up (about sixtytwo milis your duty and mine, the duty of repent.

lion people), and all other people exeveryone who believes in God and his What have selfishness and greed cept the very few who are paying off righteous purposes to try, try, try to done? They have brought on all the

debts incurred years ago. Then to bring the Golden Rule into our lives. major wars in history, resulting in the

avoid injuring people, should not more This we can do measurably well with misery, suffering, and death of countthan ninetynine percent of us, even the Lord's help, help that he will less millions of human beings and the as a matter of selfinterest, and more readily give to each of us if we worthloss of billions of property dollars.

importantly, all of us who want to ily seek it. They have brought wickedness, crime,

be honest and believe in the Golden Let me recite two actual occurrences debauchery, loss of freedom, and

Rule, do all we can to stop inflation? relative to the Golden Rule. Years slavery to every part of the earth.

Our country is facing one of the ago, the winter in Cache Valley was Because of the things I have menmost critical periods in its history. long, and an acute shortage of hay tioned and several others, this counSelfishness and greed are tearing it resulted. A Church official was told try is facing a very critical situation.

asunder. The devil is riding high and by his farm manager that they could What is the great need of the hour?

shouting in Satanic glee at the utter spare several tons of hay and that the The answer of course is, as I have alfoolishness displayed on =ill levels, in going price was fifteen dollars a ton. ready stated, repentance. And reall grades and ranks of human society. The manager was told to ask only pentance is a call that has been made

In this country we are rapidly preeight dollars a ton, that being the from this pulpit many, many times.

reasonable cost of production. I told Current threatening conditions are not

of this occurrence in the last October likely to improve much unless moreconference. orless repentance takes place. And

Ts there not existent in many Another one: Years ago an eightwhile complete repentance may not

places among us a repreroom house in Salt Lake City was be expected until Satan is bound, there hensible indifference and laxity sold on a monthly instalment plan. is one source of trouble that I think

of lovers and all can be removed, later the purchaser years two to relative things? these Yet About its removal should demand America to give have said up the would he tolerance teach and do we not dispute continuous moreor-less the able, of not being contract, because

free agency? This is a quesfinancial reverses, to continue it, and between management and labor relation sometimes asked. Why he was moving out into a threeroom tive to wages, working conditions, etc.

picketing strikes, mass and the to Lockouts, asked vendor man The people's shack. other with interfere

all disputes In outlawed. should be his paythe equity estimate two years'business? has public the indicated, the type of in the the house, had ments made

Sataninspired should a the This is interest law which a vital telling that the excess vendor him question. payments would be gladly returned. protect. How can this be done? My

The man insisted that his monthly payanswer is by compulsory arbitration.

ments had only been reasonable rent. It is unlawful for individuals to settle

their differences by fighting with fists, paring for war (to defend ourselves knives, or pistols. Courts are set up

is perhaps the better expression), to which they may go for a peaceful arming ourselves with the most pREE agency is a priceless, settlement, and this, even though the destructive means and implements that Godgiven right to every public may have no interest in the devise. can ingenuity Thehuman child born in mortality, but it settlement.an interest inButhowthe labormanagementpublic always has disin the advancesamazing made

covery and implementation of the does not include the right to disputes are settled. To settle peaceforces of nature are miraculous marmar, hurt, or destroy the wellfully such disputes on a basis of what

vels of the modern world. These being of our fellow men. Selfis fair, right, and just to all concerned,

of to the achievementsare due reishness and greed are fast acan qualified,a better agencycompetentbe foundarbitrationthan scientists ingenious invensearch and tors. What advances have we made tearing our civilization asuncourt?

in the realms of social science? The der. How can this danger be Yes, the public should demand that

art of living agreeably with one anmet and overcome? The ansuch courts be set up.

it, if arbiwise, compulsory As I see fellowother—our simple-. is short, very finest of swer men—the and funcbeen courts always had still is in its infancy.

live the "Repent, and years the past during Goldtrationtioning dozen the threatening dangersall Howhumancanarts,

America, internally and externally, and en Rule."or so, there would have been but litall the world, for that matter, be overtle if any inflation. This country

come, and peace reign everywhere would have prospered to a greater desupreme? The answer is short; it is gree than it has, and the outlook for

simple. Let every human being repent He refused to accept any refunds. America would be much brighter than

and live the Golden Rule. This means Notwithstanding the provisions of the it is today.

to keep the two great commandments. contract to the contrary, both parties Brethren and sisters, we who have

Then the threat of war would vanish, to the arrangement were actuated by covenanted in the waters of baptism troubles would disappear; wickedness the spirit of the Golden Rule. and at the sacrament table to keep

would cease, and righteousness pre- I said we have several characteristic God's commandments are in honor vail. There is not a sane person in teachings and doctrines. To these we bound to be true to these obligations.

all the world who can successfully are converted, and we readily accept I pray that with the Lord's help we controvert this truth. Then why do them. But to implement them in our may always have the desire, the

we not repent and let the Golden Rule lives is something else. We are human strength and the courage to be true

govern our lives? Who has the beings and have more or less inherited to our faith. This I pray in the name

answer? Mormonism has it; you have the weaknesses of the flesh among of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1951 425 "Knock and it shall be M opened unto you JOSEPH—

FIELDING SMITH 5u Ao$eph J'ieidina S>mith

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

feel humble, and also I feel the it was when Elijah the prophet came to this key, given by our Savior in his loss of our beloved President, just the Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver Sermon on the Mount is just as

I as you who are assembled here feel Cowdery in the Kirtland Temple on the true today as it was nearly two thouthat loss. With the help of the Lord, third day of April, 1836. Elijah's words sand years ago. It's his word and

I shall bear my testimony. I am very point to the fact that we are that much can be accepted, can be proved today

grateful to the Lord for the knowlnearer. And this ancient prophet dejust as well as it could by his disciedge that I have of the truth of this clared that by the restoration of those ples as he spoke to them in this Sermon

divine work. I was baptized when keys we should know that the great on the Mount. In interviewing mis-

I was eight years old. It was imand dreadful day of the Lord is near, sionaries I frequently ask them, nearly

pressed upon me at that time that even at our doors. I have opened always do, if they have a testimony

through baptism I had received the these scriptures to the seventh chapof the truth. Some of them say, "No,

remission of sins and stood pure, clean, ter of Matthew, and I want to read I do not. I think it is true, but I do

before the Lord. I had a sister who the seventh and eighth verses: not know, but I have the assurance

I will if this mission that I go on all kind, sisters as very were,was my it shall seek, you; given be and Ask, and in their is it true."that learn Down impressed the uponwho mind my it shall find; knock, shall be opened and ye answer, honest an give they hearts ofneed myself keeping unspotted from unto you:

I better than they think knowthe world. teachings the to Her me receiveth; that asketh and but every one For

is it of the right say. However, they I baptizedday stayed with have was findeth; to that seeketh that he and him

me all the days of my life, and I knocketh it shall be opened. (Matt. 7:7-8.) every baptized member in this Church

honor her memory. to know for himself by the revelations

I have a perfect knowledge of the of the Spirit of the Lord that all that divine mission of the Prophet Joseph I have said in regard to the establishSmith. There is no doubt in my mind "... every one that asketh ment of this work is absolutely true.

that the Lord raised him up and gave receiveth; and he that seeketh Thereany soulis noshouldreasonnotin knowthe worldwherewhytohim revelation, commandment, opened

the heavens to him, and called upon findeth; and to him that knock"find the truth. If he will only humble

him to stand at the head of this glorieth it shall be opened."himself and seek in the spirit of

ous dispensation. I am just as satis- (Matt. 7:8.) humility and faith, going to the Lord

fied in my mind that in his youth when just as the Prophet Joseph Smith went he went out to pray he beheld the to the Lord to find the truth, he will actual presence, stood in the actual find it. There's no doubt about it.

presence, of God the Father and his Is there any good reason why every There is no reason in the world, if son, Jesus Christ; in my mind there is living soul cannot know the truth and

no doubt; I know this to be true. I where it can be found? Is there any

know that he received later the visitareason that any member of this Church tions from Moroni, the Aaronic Priestcan give why he does not know that HPhere is no reason in the hood under the hands of John the Jesus Christ is the Son of God, that world, if men would only

Baptist, the is Priesthood Melchizedek prophet a and Smith was Joseph whisperings to the harken of the of Peter, isunder his hands James, this and that of work? and God, the Lord and the Spirit of that theJohn, and of Jesus Church that lack understanding, have we If we

Christ of Latterday Saints was orno one to blame but ourselves. I had seek as he would have them

ganized on the sixth day of April perfect confidence in the sayings of seek for the knowledge and divine1830 Christ; command. by These Savior, the Jesus and Lord gospel understanding of of the

I itthings shall know. has revealed says, The Lord and he and "Ask when to not them Christ, for I this to find; Jesus shallthem me, and knowledge you; given seek and ye have be

had since the day I was baptized. I knock, and it shall be opened unto find it....

know that the power of the Almighty you: For everyone that asketh reis guiding this people, that we are ceiveth,"I am just as sure that every

under covenant to keep his commandmember of this Church may know ments, to walk in light and truth. It within himself or herself that God men would only harken to the whisperis my firm conviction that every memlives, Jesus Christ is the Son of God, ings of the Spirit of the Lord and seek

ber of this Church should be able to and that this is his work which he has as he would have them seek for the bear witness and declare by words established. We have no excuse knowledge and understanding of the

of soberness that these things are true, whatever for not knowing and having gospel of Jesus Christ, for them not that the Book of Mormon is true, that the absolute faith and confidence in to find it—no reason, except the hardthe revelations given to the Prophet this restored gospel of Jesus Christ. It ness of their hearts and their love of

Joseph Smith are true, that the destiny is our duty to know. In a revelation the world. "Knock, and it shall be

of this latterday work is true, and, given to the Church many years ago, opened unto you."This is my testiaccording to the revelations, must and that is, in the days of the Prophet, he mony, I know it is true. I know that

will be fulfilled. warned the members of the Church just as well as I know I stand here.

I believe that the coming of the against false prophets, false spirits, The Lord has revealed it to me as he

Son of God is not far away, how far against those who lie in wait to dehas to my brethren. The Lord bless

I do not know, but I do know that it ceive. He gave us a key then by you all, I pray in the name of Jesus

is over one hundred years nearer than which we may know, but I repeat, Christ. Amen.

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pay your debts? Are you morally clean?

MARK E. Do you keep the Word of Wisdom?

PETERSEN You know whether you keep these things or not. If you do not, contemplate your disobedience and remember

that the Lord calls out to you and says, "How oft would I have gathered you as a hen gathereth her chickens "How oft under her wings, and ye would not."

Sometimes in our communities we

the in about which dered community would I reject the Lord. Have you ever wonin the state of Here you live? Utah

Saints are definitely Saints Latterday M thethe Latterdaymajority. The

the have commandments, and among have gathered you in the them is JudgWord of Wisdom.

ing from our state records, do we hen the Prophet Isaiah foreaccept the Word of Wisdom as God cast the coming of the Savior, has given it to us? To what degree

he said this: OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE do we break the Word of WisdomWHe is despised and rejected of men; a and thus reject the word of God?

man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: Ten years ago in the state of Utah,

and we hid as it were our faces from himself, their house was left unto them eleven million dollars was spent for him; he was despised, and we esteemed desolate. alcoholic beverages and; tobacco. In

him not. As I have read that scripture from 1950 that figure was up three hunAll we like sheep have gone astray; time to time, I have often wondered dred percent. It reached nearly thirtyturned to his have every one we own its dollars. about four million the figure In 1948 application live to us who

the laid way; hath and Lord on him thirtyfive the today. million dolnearly reached often I have wondered whether

iniquity of us all. (Isaiah 53:3, 6.) lars. the cries Lord us, out to disappointed

When the Savior came in the flesh at our disobedience, saying, "How oft Wbat will thirtyfive million doland labored among men, this prophecy would I have gathered you as a hen lars buy? The last temple built by

was literally fulfilled. He was despised gathereth her chickens under her the Church was that at Idaho Falls.

and rejected of men. The people did wings, and ye would not."(See Matt. A temple like that could be built in

turn their faces from him, and they 23:37.) How many of us are stubforty-two states of the Union with

did go their own way. They rejected born? How many of us are selfish and the amount of money that is spent in

him as they rejected his teachings, and wilful, and turn our faces from him, the state of Utah in one year alone, it grieved him. One day as he stood and would rather not obey him? for alcoholic beverages and tobacco.

in their capital city, he said, This sort of thing applies in various The amount of money spent here for alcoholic tobacco phases lives. year It each of and our applies in our

lerusalem, killest lerusalem, that thou O is to identical the almost beverages homes, sometimes own with our own the prophets, stonest and are them which this in state children. for spend amount we sons you or daughters Have I thee, sent unto often have would how

In the fiscal education. wilful are ending year selfand stubborn and gathered children together, thy as a who even

hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, ish, and who turn their faces from June 30, 1950, $35,653,000.00 was

and ye would not! you, you the loving parents who spent for operating our school system

Behold, your house is left unto you would take them into your arms and and maintaining our school buildings desolate. (Matt. 23:3738.) nurture them even as a hen gathereth in the state of Utah. Think of it!

in as her for spend Utah chickens much under her wings? Do We

little the that used Lord one When reject for as they tobacco and "booze"spend you, these children in their we expression, not,"dehe "ye would is It incredible. education! wilfulness? almost of Some them, have you scribed the the wilfulstubbornness, of spend amount The and you money they we break know how your ness, selfishness, the of a people who in hearts. for each alcoholic year Utah

truth, not the divinewould obey but is greater tobacco than and beverages then there are in And the some their faces turned him, each fromwho the valuation assessed of combined Church to ought better, who know his goingone way. own cities of the BrigProvo, Logan, and the have who of commandments God,

If that stubbornness! Oh, only they City. will but repent, not ham wilful but are

it realizedcould did have to what in of stubborn. and spend amount money The though the blesswe Even

them. ings for of alcoholic year every beverare Utah offered to them, God they

first his ministry, he began he When is their turn ages faces, tobacco nearly twice as and each one goes their sick; theirhealed raised he even in for his as spend the construcreiect much way. we own as God andWedead. fed the them thousands by He tion refuse state of maintenance our and to him. reobey we must Wein miraculous a way. But he when system. faith that highway member is without works

his to themasked keep commandments, is In dead. spend one hundred Utah There salvation we no except

the melted crowds away. Those who for times liquor as through tobacco the and much Christ. Lord Jesus has Hefollowed there longer. him were no contribute said: the to as each year we

falling that greatSo was away that Cross. American Red I the truth, the way,... the am and hishe asked Twelve: In spend hundred Utah two we life: no cometh the unto Father, man but

.. for times alcoholic as also beverages ye much. Will.. go. away? me. by

Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, If ye love me, keep my commandments. and tobacco as we contribute to fight

to whom shall we go? thou hast the words the dread disease of poliomyelitis.

life.of eternal that hath He commandments my and half state of expenditure About our

believe that sure are thou and And we keepeth them, he that loveth me for alcoholic beveraqes tobacco andart Christ, that the living of the Son God. loveth not He that keepeth not. itmeis my.. right in Salt spent here County. Lake 6:6769.) (John sayings. 14:6, 15, (John 21, 24.)

in that Salt you know CounLake Dois

But the people rejected him. In You know whether you keep his ty we spend fifty times as much money

their blindness and in their stubbornsayings or not. Do you observe the every year for alcoholic beveraqes and

ness, as he offered to bless them and Sabbath day? Do you uphold the tobacco as we pay into the Salt Lake

take them into his arms as a hen Authorities of the Church? Do you Community Chest?

gathereth her chickens under her wings, pay a full and honest tithing? Do you In view of all this, what do you think

they turned away. And in doing so, fast on fast day and pay a proper fast about the scripture that the Lord gives

according to the words of the Savior offering? Are you honest? Do you (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1951 All Mark E. Petersen continued theof tempests,voice of andlightnings,by theandvoiceby theof earthvoice... Jkifd Seidion...

us: "How oft would I have gathered voicequakes,of andfaminesgreatandhailstorms,pestilencesandofbyeverythe SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 8

you as a hen gathereth her chickens kind, and by the great sound of a trump, under her wings, and ye would not?"and by the voice of judgment, and by the

What about the nation? A century voice of mercy all the day long, and by

ago the Lord offered the American the voice of glory and honor and the people a blessing if they would reriches of eternal life, and would have with everlasting salvation, you anpent. In a revelation over given a savedbut not! would yehundred years ago, the said Lord the Behold has come, day the whenconcerning the people: American the of of cup is wrath indignation mine

... I will gather them as a hen gatherfull. (D. & C. 43:2426.)

eth her chickens under her wings, if they will not harden their hearts; Latterday Saints, what is your poYea, if they will come, they may, and sition? Are you willing to hearken

partake of the waters of life freely. (D. & unto the Lord your God who cries out

C 10: 6567.) to you and would nurture you and

gather together you even as a hen JOHN A. WIDTSOE It is estimated that total the crime gathereth her chickens under her

bill for the last States United year wings? said something Lord The toreached billion dollars. twenty also this: Acyou about

cording to the records of the F.B.I.last year, a serious crime was comListen to the voice of Jesus Christ, your Let Us

mitted in the United States every Redeemer, the Great I Am, whose arm of eighteen seconds. In an average day mercy hath atoned for your sins;

last year, 301 persons were feloniously Who will gather his people even as a gathereth her chickens her under Searchkilled or assaulted; 146 robberies were hen

wings, will as even as to hearken manycommitted; places 1129 burglarwere voice and themselves humble before myized; cars 468 stolen; thefts were 2861 call.. me, in and upon mighty prayer. mewere committed. is the For hour nigh the and soon. day Our Testimonies criminologists of The the United at is the earth hand ripe; all when and

States are of the opinion that in the the proud and they that do wickedly shall 8$ JoL -A. WUt.soe

T-Tave you ever wondered about the community in which OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE you live? We Latterday Saints have the command*

ments and among them is the Word of Wisdom. Judging dear brethren and sisters, I am

from our state records, do we accept the Word of Wis* always glad to bear testimony to

I faith the within conme. Yet as it to has given us? dom God To

that audiwhat degree do we Myfess standing before such an reject thus break it and the word God? of I feel effect. ence, a sobering Brigham

Young felt it in his day. He declared

all that children since are of God, welast years, I great a stubble; be will few as depresmoral up, and burn them is there part within of us a one each

saith the ofsion that Hosts, to Lord has the wickedness States. come United of that nature, to stand God's very and shall the earth; not be upon the Hoover, of Edgar the head J. before of great a Latterday group is the For nigh, hour that and which wasF.B.I., in speaking on of 26 March Saints, the speak, to accumulation, so spoken fulfilled; apostles by mine be must

this year before special a committee lifts their godliness, of a to a for it as man shall spoke, they to so come to investigate organized crime, said pass; feeling that he stands before the great

this: For I will reveal myself from heaven dignity of the Maker of us all.

all with great glory, power with and I listened interest great with have Those engage vice in widespread who the hosts thereof, in righteousdwell and this to of the conference. messagesactivities rackets surcould and We long not ness with earth a years, on thousand men I together. time have had a good theirvive ally, without political the the shall and not wicked {Ibid. stand.

allrenegade. the is touched in have the been community land by know we No 29:1-2, 9-11.)

contaminated by rackets and corruption eloquent words just spoken by Presiwithout the assistance of local inter- I declare to you in all seriousness dent McKay. He has touched the very

ests hold which law in enforcement spiritual center of being, our of that our too, lives. that know God

restraint. officers enforcement are Law Christ. of in too, I, membership the Church that Albert Smith knowI, Georgethe people's representatives. are They last the events During the of few a prophet of Almighty was God. And personsnot unlimited with power. They

in days, memories that the have crowded will many take I know man who thosemust obey under they hold whom office. If they are dominated by criminalhis place is likewise a prophet and upon my mind. In a late afternoon of

aligned politicians, ruthless rackets and that he holds all the keys, powers, and a warm, sultry day in August or vice are inevitable. authorities that were ever restored to September, I sat in my office rather

the Prophet Joseph Smith in these last tired after the day's work. The UniTo what extent does America obey days. versity of Utah had had internal disthe God of the land? When he takes up the reins of ofsensions which had been fanned by

What about the world at large? In fice here in this Church, he will preenemies into a nationwide scandal. I

their blindness, the nations cry for side by virtue of all the powers that had been called in to assist others who peace but at the same time they reject were restored through angelic minwere trying to return the institution the teachings of the Prince of Peace. istry in these the last days. and its work to a normal condition. It

The Lord spoke to the nations in a God will speak to you through him, was the third time in my life that I had modern revelation and said this: and he will say to you: "How oft been obliged to serve my state in such

I will gather as a capacity. a weary. gathereth hen Just then you I was

earth, O, nations of the ye how often her chickens her under wings, the door, knock and upon was a if ye there gathered togetherwould I have as you a will in not (Ibid. hearts."harden your Smith. Albert walked George He gathereth herhen chickens her under

wings, but ye would not! 10:65.) said, "I am on the way home after my

How oft have I called upon you by the May we humbly follow him and day's work. I thought of you and the

mouth of my servants, and by the minobey the Lord our God, I earnestly problems that you are expected to istering of angels, and by mine own voice, pray in the name of the Lord Jesus solve. I came in to comfort you and

and by the voice of thunderings, and by Christ. Amen. tp bless you,"

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

That was the way of George Albert enable a man to accept and obey the tured, kept in its right place and poSmith. Of the many friends I have gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ under sition, protected if needs be. In doing

throughout the state and beyond, he any and all conditions? It might be that, we have the right and the need to

was the only one, except a few of my good for us Latterday Saints to betake all evidences that lie about us, intimate friends, who took time to give gin to reexamine our own testimonies. all evidences of the truth of this great

me the loving help in the work I had A man who goes into battle cleanses latterday work. The Lord himself

to do. Of course I appreciated that; his sword, looks after his gun, told us so to do. We may read in the

I shall never forget it. We talked toand he is ready for the battle when Doctrine and Covenants, section twengether for awhile; we parted, he went it comes. We are in the midst of ty, when the foundations of this

home. My heart was lifted. I was a great battle today, the battle of Church were laid, when our Church

weary no longer. the ages, foretold by prophets throughconstitution, so to speak, was written

You see, love, of which we have out the long ages of the past. We must (you will find that evidences are there

spoken so much during this conference, begin with a certain understanding of mentioned ), that by the evidences that is not a mere word or a sensation the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ and lie all about us we shall be judged.

within. To be a worthy love, it must a willing, ready acceptance of it, as Joseph Smith set up evidence after

be brought into action. President indicated by President McKay. There evidence of the reality and truth of

Smith on that occasion did that. He is no other way. But have we done all that he said and did.

gave of his own time, his own strength, that? Have we looked into our own I am thinking of one great arguto me. I hope that those of us who hearts, to our testimonies, and added ment in favor of Joseph, debated and

have attended this conference these that which is wanting, taken out that talked about for over a hundred years last few days will understand that the which is unworthy? We should be He had witnesses, human flesh and

test of love is whether the person who fit for the battle. blood witnesses, such as we are, of

loves gives of himself, of his powers, In the words of President Smith, his work. He was alone in the grove

to the loved one. There is no true we, like the leaven, shall leaven all when the first vision came; he was

love unless that is done. The husband people. His life of love was merely alone when Moroni called; the Church

must give of his own self, in a large an illustration of that larger view of had not then been organized, hardly sense, to the wife he loves; and she the concern of all who follow the begun. But from that time on, almost

must give of herself, surrender perhaps, Christ. everything he did of a spiritual nature,

for him, the things that she would like I think that we Latterday Saints his communions and communications to keep and have. Parents and chilcan afford to be a unique people. Once with the Almighty and divine beings,

dren must have the same relationship. in awhile I meet a young person, somewere shared by him with others. It

There is no true love without sacrifice times an older person, who says, is really a wonderful thing. The great

for the loved one. Since we have "Well, that may all be true, but I don't spiritual leaders of the last two thouspoken so much about love, perhaps want to be different from other people. sand years have gone into the woods,

we might keep that in memory. I want to be like other people. Why fasted and prayed, and come back

Shortly before the death of Presican't we be like the others? It's so with these messages, alone. They

life."to easier then through go much for into have his of Smith, addent I heard one caves—Mohammed,

it, help But we can't my this alone. But I last, his dresses, perhaps am example—alwaysgone

if sisters, different. are are we after prophet, the latterday great bebrethrenWe his sure. quite asnot theme, Heit chosewas

in in virtue, righteousness, ginning the companions of work, had different—inand the condition at ofthe unhappy world

teachings experiwith shared him his great who gospel—we time. a thethe present He laid down

different. are escape it. of unences. honorable of theWeeternalcan't Twelve men correctprinciple I believe to be which

and inspired, that there will be no If our testimonies are sound and true, questioned probity saw the plates of peace, no final solution to the world's we know that we cannot be like other the Book of Mormon; when the priestunless they, people too, accept the the Baphood by was restored John until of people,problems, this body

it. truth as we possess tist, Oliver honest an Cowdery, man Christcomprising the Church of Jesus

of Latterday Saints, cleanse themwhose integrity has never been quesselves, accept the doctrine of the Lord tioned, received the priesthood with

Jesus Christ, spoken of so beautifully With our testimonies Joseph. When Peter, James, and John

this morning, and set to work to battle as our chief weapon we came to give the higher priesthood, for righteousness and for truth; only go out to battle evil. Oliver Cowdery was there. When the

then can we hope for peace. He adgreat messages in the Kirtland Temple

mitted that of course it was a tremencame, which we frequently overlook in their greatness, Oliver was Cowdery is eternal. claim, the claim butdous I figure last don't of in a the know

side. his that the by message is When truth the winner; is alwaysTruth thousand years two was more who shall their be judged works by men the of the In defeated.never words different the humanity, of from mass

in doctrine a tremendous that of day will to crushed earthold poet: "Truth millions the of than and men women,

given, Sidney Rigdon left thatrise again."occasion on He apostasy—was the stands Smith. Prophet Joseph He the with Smith. Prophet was Joseph that others to tothe message and me alone, religious only such unique—the other of men, ancestors of some And hearts, said cleanse as our mustwe in leader since years, the thousand two

are here today, you men were who Presidenthere today by McKay. We Christ. his of the days received He in the the with time Prophet. room courage, gather our andmust up we himself; commission from he was God again time the revelations and when for set righteousbattle to forthmust himself; at instructed he spoke by God of to him. of came them Some God in justness the as world. Then, a himself. time other with one God No it in described writing have ochow the shall soleaven lump, leavens we in the of great midst the apostasy man curred. the world. tremendousleaven whole A truth simple able has from been ever

mission, isn't it? Tremendous to think to make that claim. And we know We don't stand alone. We haveabout—that this handful of people it to be true. Of course we are a difwitnesses to our faith. We are a

have within themselves the power, if ferent people. Since I mustn't take unique people. All about us are witnesses this to truth used, the to lattertheproperly great of change whole too us are of much today—many

It evil. for for in well or might day buildwork.world good be to yet that to say you me speak—lettime ing testimonies, our to begin the with felt occasions, in I have the right, on searching our many have weespecially after that sermon, that what testimonies, in getting them ready for simple foundation—events. Ultimately

we need to do, each one of us, is to bethis great battle, to remember that a we will then win that greater testigin to examine our own testimonies of testimony is a living thing, not a static, mony, the testimony of the spirit which is the testimony, but must which we all, truth, testimoour withthe After is alive dead and sometimes thing—it

little, achieve natural in a little bynies chief out to as our weapon, fills a go until the we man and a woman battle evil. We speak of a testimony, visions of heaven are opened to him or manner that the Lord has prescribed;

yes; we say we have a testimony—but to her. By that token of life, a testiSo brethren and sisters, let us look

is the testimony of a kind that will mony must be fed, cared for and nur- {Continued on following page)-

JUNE 1951 429 is message mountains—our

every naJohn A. Widtsoe Continued leysfor theandwhole world. For

tion, every tongue, and every kindred, imagine intowordsourontestimonies.our tongues,Areor theydo theyjust weGodhaveblessresponsibility.us and be with us, not

really represent our convictions? I only in our search for truth, but also in

they need mending, mend them; if they our use of truth, for the accomplishneed building, build them. Remember ment and the completion of the great

that our message is a world message purposes of the Lord in these days, I

I have said before from this stand pray in the name of the Lord Jesus that we are not confined to these valChrist. Amen.

"And, Lo, I Am With You Alway"

MATTHEW COWLEY Dm nfattkew iowieu

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

have been thinking, my brothers When he came to the American contiIT'S A FACT!... Hot water and sisters, since the meeting of nent he organized his Church, and at

in the his temple the head of on Thursthat Church, under Twelve I the of Disciples. of he 'placed the Masterfrom a glasslined Fowler is day, the words Twelve when leadership,

always sparkling clean. he was about to take his departure And when he left them, he left his

from the Twelve, and he said unto Church and his Saints under the

GLASSLINING DOES IT them: leadership of that Twelve. And when

gospel the restored again, Christ was in never touches a Fowler. metalWater all therefore, nations, teach ye and Go unto back and appeared came him who porcelain durableSmooth, enamel the in Father, of the them name to raised the at up the be Prophet wasbondedto-steel inside the tank the the of of Son, Ghost: and pre-, baptizingand Holy this dispensation. of head under Andvents rust corrosion, regardless and all things to observe them Teaching his direction the organized Church was

I glasslike conditions. water This you: and, whatsoever have commandedof

last the for time, at the of and head I lo, the alway, unto with even you amcoating keeps water naturepure, rustfree; end of the world. (Matt. 28:1920.) the Church under the Presidency of

safeguards family health. the Prophet were the appointed

Twelve. And when the Prophet was

Money Saving taken from the earth, sealing his testiVjiThen Christ came to the mony with his blood, the Cnurch wasThe problem of frequent tank replacement earth he organized his left under the direction of the Twelve.

ceases to exist when Church and at the head of And down through the years when you switch to Fowler. that Church, under his leaderthe leadership of the Quorum of the

-liningGlass puts an ship, he placed Twelve Aposto costly tank reend pairs due to rust; adds tles. And when he left them, \\7hen the gospel was

years to tank life. he left his Church and his restored again, Christ

Saints under the leadership of came back and appeared unto

Finest Water that Twelve. him who was raised up to be

ServiceHeating the Prophet at the head of this

There's automatic no water heater like a dispensation. And when the

Fowler. For most conAs this Council of Twelve met Prophet was taken from the

venient, dependable, in the upper room of the temple on earth, sealing his testimony

Spirit of witthe Thursday, God borelowcost heating water with his blood, the Church spirit that Christ was sayness to myservice for houseevery hold need, buy Fowler, ing there to the Twelve: "... and, was left under the direction of

lo, I am with you alway, even unto the Twelve.

See Fowler at your dealer's the end of the world."And where

or write for full information. there is no Quorum of Twelve in

Also manufacturer of God's ministry upon the earth, Christ Presidency has been taken away, the

FOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS is not there as the leader of his Church keys have remained with the Twelve.

and his kingdom. This testimony has... and, lo, I am with you alway,

the into of the unto since that even end world."my heart sunk deep'

this conference, during borne witness has meeting and As God to me which has been presided over by the in that meeting in his holy house and

Council of the Twelve with President in this conference, so I bear witness

McKay as its presiding officer. When to you that where there is no Quorum

Christ came to the earth he organized of the Twelve, the true organization is his his head, Christ's of at the under not here Church, and upon the Church ELECTRIC WATER HEATER is earth, that leadership, Apostles. testimony he to and had Twelve my FOWLER MANUFACTURING COMPANY left all left, his in I bear you, which he humbleness Church when he And. Gladstone Portland 2, Oregon

under the direction of the Twelve. and in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Yesterday's women had to use washtubs, washboards and Dry Your Clothes clothespins! But why should you, a modern woman, be

to the clothespin, living the Hamilton Way pinned without the convenience of a... Ready to Iron Hamilton Automatic Clothes

Dryer? or Put Awayl Today you can dry clothes the workless way, ready to iron or put away! With a Hamilton

Automatic Clothes Dryer you avoid the backyard backache of heavy clothesbaskets and the worries of weather and airSgHBW* borne dirt. In minutes... inside... day or night... your

wash is fresh, clean and dry the Hamilton Way! Saves

hours... saves clothes...

saves you!

$&m Come In Today and See It mm tlr THE ORIGINAL fxurutxm. ( yicddTriatw CLOTHES DRYER * Guaranteed by v with the exclusive, Good Housekeeping SUN-E-DAY ultraviolet lamp

SEE ONE OF THESE HAMILTON DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION OF THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER.

UTAH DEALERS TaylorUnion FurnitureBrothers, 250CompanyWest Center Bountiful and LaytonProvo

BradleyBadger, 38 South Main Salt Lake City Utah Appliance Company, 32 East 1st North Provo

Helper Furniture Company Helper

Murray Plumbing and Appliance Co Murray

Peterson Appliance Company Salt Lake City IDAHO DEALERS

Price Trading Price Company J. G. Read and Bros. Company, 24th and Kiesel Ogden Foster's, Incorporated, 816 Bannock Street Boise

Schoss Furniture and Electric Co., 355 24th St Ogden Home Laundry and Equipment Co., 427 Center St. Pocatello

H. D. Sparrow Company Roy Sam Jones Furniture and Appliance Co Blackfoot

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE 1951 431 GeneralAuthorities OF THE CHURCH Be Valiant

in 16 mm SOUND OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

W. MOTION PICTURES SPENCERKIMBALL one begins to go his own way in opThe Spirit of the Adversary position to authority, he is in grave

President George Albert Smith danger. I would not say that those

leaders whom the Lord chooses are

Observe the Sabbath Day 'y brothers and sisters, these are necessarily the most brilliant, nor the

President J. Reuben Clark momentous days. The experimost highly trained, but they are the

The Great Missionary System soon forget.ences of I thisam weekimpressed,we willtoo, notas chosen,they are andhis whenrecognizedchosenauthority,of the Lordand

President David O. McKay Brother Cowley expressed, with the the people who stay close to them have

Constitution of the United States importance of the body to which I safety.

is congeneral the first This reminded Moses was of when I am Elder Joseph Fielding Smith belong.

attended which ever ference I have to responsibility called his tremendous

Jesus Christ the Central Figure was conducted by the Council of the of leading the children of Israel out of of the Gospel Twelve. bondage, and he complained to the

Elder John A. Widtsoe I am reminded of the statement by Lord and said, "I am weak, I am slow

said: Ephesians the to when he the speech,"gave of and to him Lord

Gifts for Those Gospel Who Paul in his brother voice, the Aaron. But a apostles; some, some, and he gave And Live For Them didn't that voice. replace him Lord by evangelists; some, some, and prophets; and Richards Elder Stephen L is at helm, brothers the Lord The teachers, pastors and

Chastity and sisters, and he will continue to be

President J. Reuben Clark purposeand then theyhe outlineswere called:carefully for what there,The importantand his questionwork willis whethergo forward.we,

Perfection individuals, will in as going that be Toward March saints, for the of the perfecting the For

It's direction. to us. This up same Begins Now of the edifying for ministry, of the work

is of individual gospel a work. I wish Petersen Elder Mark E. Christ. of [the Church] the body

our Latterday Saints could become

Authors of our Own Salvation more valiant. As I read the seventyElder Moyle D. Henry sixth section of the Doctrine and Covewill in this Church

the great nants, vision to given the Unity Necessary Within the Church ties astray N<foeverONE who go far that Smith, Prophet Joseph I remember Elder B. Lee Harold to the securely to terrestrial that the says Church dehimself Lord

These and many others, available withAuthorities whom the Lord gree of glory may go those who are valiant in the testimony, whichout charge. film rental Write for catalog has placed in his Church, not

of remeans that manyincluding full us who have approved features, length church welfare films, "Temple Square,"ceived baptism by proper authority, 'Tribute Faith,""L.D.S. To Leaders ordiother received Past have who further makes goes and then he And Present."and Scout Training Boy Films, blessings, a manynances, will not even temple

is important I think very that statement Pilgrimage"The Stories Play."the from celestial the reach glory of kingdom

Saint:Bible, to Latterday indeed Films, every Family Films of the Nations, live unless the and commandments we

of Films,March Time Literature American valiant. are children, henceforth be more no That weFilms, Educational Films, Sports, Comedies, with fro, carried about to tossed and andCartoons, Musicals. Available to your make

sleight of doctrine, the of every by windBell and Howell Filmosound of maximum they craftiness whereby cunning men, andusefulness to you. is at the helm, Lord HPhe

lie 4:1112, in deceive. (Ephesians to wait

Catalog sent free of charge on request. 14.) brothers and sisters, and

Write: warnedIn manyus againstother theplacesdeceiversPaul whoalso andhe willhis workcontinuewill togo beforward.there,

is DESERET BOOK COMPANY wouldAnd theycome haveeven beforecontinuedhis departing.to come, whetherThe importantwe, as questionindividuals,

us today. they are among FILM RENTAL LIBRARY and The will be going in that same diauthorities has placed which the Lord

1400 Indiana Avenue in his Church constitute for the people rection. It is up to us

Salt Lake City 10, Utah of the Church a harbor, a place of refuge, a hitching post, as it were. No

is valiant? being I believe

in of Revelation, the book Bell and Howell oneastrayin whothis Churchties himselfwill eversecurelygo farto thatWhatJohn,

Special Representative and the Church Authorities whom the Lord says something about valiancy. He is

L.D.S. Religious Dealer haswill placednever ingohisastray;Church.the ThisQuorumChurchof speakingof the citiesto thewhichpeoplePaulat Sardis,had proseone

the Twelve will never lead you into lyted. He is speaking to the Saints,

I Deseret Book Company Film Rental Library bypaths; it never has and never will. mind you, not to the people in the

] 1400 Indiana Avenue There could be individuals who would world. He says: "I know thy works,

| Salt Lake City 10, Utah falter; there will never be a majority that thou hast a name that thou livest,

Please regarding Church | send me information art of of the the dead."(Rev. Council on the and 3:1.) Twelve

films. free

in time. side this at are, people any Lord There wrong The many

I Name live, chosen them; given has has think today he but they them Church who

I Address specific responsibilities. spiritual things. to those are the they dead And

I City State I will stand close people believe are to them even many who who And

I—- be safe. And, conversely, whenever (Continued on page 434)

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

First in sound projection...

Bell Howell Since the very beginning, Bell &

Howell has led the industry in equipment for making and showing 16mm sound films. Let their experience guide you in selecting the

best projector for your special needs.

You'll find the information and guidance offered below invaluable in mapping out a film program for business or organization.

FILMOSOUND

16mm SingleCase Filmosound for either sound or silent film. Weighs

only 35 x/2 pounds. Full, natural

jection time. With 6-inch builtinWith movies iitrealty sinks in / sionbuiltsound at toallgivevolumemost levels.hours ofPrecipro-

speaker, now only $449.95. (Larger,

Eyes and ears simultaneously grasp the the extra advantage of audiovisual presseparate speakers available.)

message far more quickly, more thorentation.

oughly, more completely, than by any Churches and religious organizations are other teaching method. finding sightand-sound movies a potent TEAR OFF AND MAIL TODAY

Salesmen come alive when instructed via ally in unfolding eternal truths—in action.

this living sales manual. A whole new world of entertainment enters 7177Bell & McCormickHowell Road, Chicago 45, III.

Up go school grades when students have your home with Bell & Howell Filmosound. Please send complete information on the

subjects checked: (x)

[l Movies in Business and Industry

O Movies in Education Movies in Religion Movies in the Home Special Movie Information for Students

NameAddress..

City..Zone State.

Movies Hope, life color are Thomas W. bringing General Film Sunday Department, and new If will write us specifically you regardof inSchool says: a projectors for causing programs have are used and newintosurge movie "We will include Mills,many Note:ing problems your additional weterest in faiths. as religion of all Adults people years... a with use Filmosound of our salesmen number its pertinent to solution. materialwell fast as children Filmosound. learn for with sales projectors films meetings."at showing

Prices subject to change without notice

defects products, life any in workmanship for ChicagoYou buy Guaranteed for life. During life of the

will materials or be remedied free (ex45 transportation). cept buy you when Bell Howell

JUNE 1951 433 Spencer W. Kimball continued

making pretenses of being active are also spiritually dead. Their service is

much of the letter and less of the spirit. Again I notice he speaks to another group, the Laodiceans, and says:

I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or

hot.

So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth. (Ibid. 3:1516.)

Those were Saints who had been baptized into the kingdom, received the Holy Ghost, we would assume, and were supposed to be on their way to exaltation. But they weren't faithful, they weren't valiant. The Lord

says again in these verses through

John:

Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon

him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new

Jerusalem, which cometh down out of

HOTEL UTAH neavenupon himfrommy newmy God:name. and(Ibid.I 3:12.)will write

One of America's He says again of these Sardis memBest Loved bers of the Church:

Dining Spots whichThouhavehastnota fewdefilednamestheir evengarments;in Sardisand

they shall walk with me in white: for they

MAX CARPENTER, Manager areHeworthy.that overcometh, the same shall be

clothed in white raiment; and I will not

blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my

Father, and before his angels. (Ibid.

()tes 3:4-5.) (pstoS/ I remember a great people of long m

ago who belonged to the Church of

IT'S NOW POSSIBLE TO CHOOSE FROM oura groupLord,thatwhotheybecamewere sotranslatedrighteousintoas /,322 COLORS IN THE AMAZING NEW heaven. And I wonder why other

COLORIZER*PAINTS -AND GET ANY groups have not been taken. The

COLOR IN ANY PA/NT F/NISHonly conclusion that I can reach is

ENAMEL, SEMIGLOSS, FLAT, thatficentlywholerighteous.groups haveWe buriednot beena rightsuf-

FLOOR ENAMEL, eous man yesterday. If all of the

EVEN OUTSIDE people in this Church were as rightHOUSE PAINT/ eous as he was, perhaps there might be further translations. But we are

not living the commandments of the

Lord as well as we know. Many of

us are not valiant.

I pray the Lord will bless us all,

YOU BUY ANY OF 7 that we may catch a vision of greater 1,322 COLORS activity in this Church, all of us. That

RIGHTOYER THE COUNTER none of us may stand by and feel the hypocrite as did who IN LARGE OR to the temple the publican went SMALL CANS withselfrighteous YOU SELECT PAINTPRICES/ REGULAR AT to pray: COLORS YOUR

thus prayed stood and Pharisee The FROM 1,322

I that thee, himself, I thank with am God, 'REALPAINTCHIPS, unjust, are, extortioners, other as not men

EACH CLASSIFIED AND adulterers, or even as this publican.

NUMBERED IN THE COLORtZER, all I thatfast Itwicepossess.in the(Lukeweek,18:1112.)I give tithes of

ALBUM. ANY COLOR CAN je/MMiiik. Then Jesus goes on to say: MONTHS BE REMATCHED 65 West First South St.

oif, afar standing publican, LATER'the YEARS OR And "Colorizer"Is a wurd The lift unto as his eyes not up so much trademark. Uy for fluid palm colorant* SALT LAKE CITY would

-and Bennett's Branches and Dealers in the Intermountain Area heaven, but smote upon his breast saying, and California. God be merciful to me a sinner.

(Concluded on page 436) 434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This summer... have a wonderful time

with KSL

The perfect hot weather tonic this

summer is KSL. For KSL has scheduled some of the most compelling, programs in broadcasting history for your

summer enjoyment.

Many of your favorite big name stars

will be heard in a fascinating galaxy

of drama, comedy, music, and news.

And you'll be hearing most of your

favorite yearround shows, too.

Wherever you go in Intermountain

America this summer—in the mountains, to the beaches, to resorts, or right

in your own back yard—keep tuned

to KSL. And you'll always be sure of

a wonderful time!

ii6 n your d|al KSL CBS, Salt Lake City J

JUNE 1951 435 Enoch were valiant, so that we may

Spencer W. Kimball Continued receive the blessings which are promised to us and which we are striving

his to I tell you, this went down man yet surof not us have for. Many

for other: justified the rather than house it a surrender or if rendered, has been

shall himself that exalteth one every be it surrender, a conditional has been shall himself humbleth he that abased; and reservations. with many {Ibid. 18:1314.) exalted. be

us, help brothers and God We are all sinners. We all need to that we may unconditionally surrendersisters,

repent. We all need to change our to the Lord and his program and to the

lives and to make them more righteous, spirit of the work, I pray in the name and become valiant as the children of of Jesus Christ. Amen.

>753;355nSs53;553;Sv?G

she are

RICHARD L EVANS

Perhaps it is time again to say some things that have been said before and to say them gratefully and soberly in this Easter setting. Perhaps the world never needed

more a reassurance against what sometimes seems to be fleeting futility. Perhaps it never needed more the assurance that men are immortal, that justice is inevitable,

that there is a personal perpetuation of the human soul, and that truth and intelligence continue eternally beyond time.so—andEasterwith isthesomehowdestructivethe symbolforces wethathavethesefound,things perare

haps we never needed more the assurance that they are so. Sometimes we hear of people who profess indifference

to death. But no man who himself comes close to death

or who sees someone he loves leave this life is indifferent to death. When we face the fact that cherished associations here are moving ever nearer an earthly end, we

with sidewalls of inevitablyeverlasting thinklife. deeplyAnd as ofwedeathface theanduncertaintiesof the promiseof thisof

world, we are grateful for faith and assurance for the future. And for the strengthening of this faith there is

the further fact that thoughtful men always do some of owmpic their living and thinking for the future. The time never

comes in the life of a person when his planning and purposes are not projected beyond the present. This is "mh true of those who seemingly yet have much left of life

and also of those who seemingly have little left of this modern... life. This everpresent awareness of an unfulfilled future

economical. is born of man's consciousness of his own eternal conModernize this economical tinuance. Young and old alike look toward things to come

way with a GENUINE sidebecause the soul of man will always continue to contemmaterial wall of red cedar plate things to come, and because the Creator in whose shingles! smart Subdued,

colors give your home new, image men were made has not planned or placed before protective beauty! Double without the effort of existence all this and opportunity prous coursed

the uncertainties life. Sometimes everlasting of certainty vides INSULADOUBLEconstruction

TION! loom large, but the realities exceed the uncertainties. And

Available in 5 Distinctive Colors* those who have lost those they love and those who look to the end of this life may rely on the reality that life is are intelligence and personality truth that limitless, andB SEELUMBERYOUR DEALERNEAREST and the way the that path was pointed perpetuated, and

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. was opened by him who returned from death to life on

Building Material Distributors that first Easter day.

205 North 3rd West SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Also at PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADBoise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Ida., CASTING SYSTEM, MARCH 25, 1951

Reno, Nev.

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA oA Qreat Youth Organization Suggests A READING COURSE

Special Interest Junior AA MenJunior Gleaner

KonTiki by Thor Heyerdahl $4.00 The Quest by Octave F. Ursenbach..$2.25

The Story of John Adams and The

American Revolution by Chins Up by Mildred Seydell $1.00

Catherine D. Bowen $5.00 Syrian Yankee by Salom Risk $2.00

The Magic Story $1.00

Ivanhoe by Sir Walter Scott $2.75

AA MenGleaner The Autobiography of

KonTiki by Thor Heyerdahl....$4.00 Benjamin Franklin $1.25

Plymouth Adventure by Ernest Gebler $1.00 Explorer

The Mormon Miracle by Grace Johnson $.50 Jacob Hamblin Among the

Answer Without Ceasing Indians by Paul Bailey $3.50

by Margaret Lee Runbeck...,-. $3.00

John Greenleaf Whittier Mia Maid by John A. Pollard $6.00

One Hundred and One Famous Poems Sun in the Morning by by Roy J. Cook $.50, $1.00, $1.50 Elizabeth Cadell $2.50

Sermons and Missionary Services of Stars in My Crown

Melvin J. Ballard by Joe David Brown $2.55

by Bryant S. Hinckley $2.75

Nikoline's Academy by Bee Hive Margaret Maw $2.50

Spurs for Suzanna Scouts by Betty Cavanna $2.00

Tree of Freedom Waterless Mountain by Rebecca Candill $2.50 by Laura Armer $3.00

FILL YOUR SUMMER WITH READING

THAT WILL ENRICH YOU

A Marvelous Work and A Wonder Greater Dividends from Religion by LeGrand Richards $1.75 by Gerrit de Jong $1.75

Prophecy and Modern Times Fatal Decision by W. Cleon Skousen $1.75 by Dr. Walter M. Stookey $1.75

All these good books—at our local dealers

All prices are subject to change without notice

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE 1951 '37.

PEARL HARBOR 1941 KOREA 1951

Only ten years. But in that time the Bell System's

capacity to serve the nation has literally doubled! CLIFFORD E. YOUNG

It's fortunate that this nationwide network has

big, for Long Distance so grown so fast—

is helping Blessings job. the big production rush America

Help speed your own Long Distance calls of the

Make a list of the outof-town numbers you call most frequently—then call by number! Gospel

THE MOUNTAIN STATES Dm Lufford O. Ujovivia

TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

conferimpressive a most MYbeenBRETHREN AND SISTERS, this has

I think ence. in my experience

".. have never attended one more imprivilege pressive, it has been and my

passing since the conferences attend Show LKoofn [Beautiful to vacancies of President when Woodruff 1000 SOUTH MAIN -SALT LAKE CITY of in the presidency been filled have the Church. I remember President DODGE PLYMOUTH Woodruff well. He knew me by my

WE INVITE COMPARISON firstattendedname,himlargelyprofessionally,because my andfatherit

FAMOUS 1951 GET AWAY ENGINE was my privilege to drive my father

MORE HEAD ROOM AND RIDING COMFORT say,from inplacemy torecollectionplace as a Iboy.neverSo,re-I

ORIFLOW SHOCK ABSORBERS member a more impressive conference.

EASE OF HANDLING andIt'sa ablessinggreat pleasureto be hereand anda privilegeto feel

ACCESSORIES OPTIONAL the warmth of the hearts of the people.

LIBERAL TRADES -BANK RATES Althoughsorrow in thereall ofhasourbeenhearts,a shadowyet thereof has been that peace that comes to

all striving for Christ. are Jesus We J. C. the human soul through the gospel of BURGESS CO it's MOTOR going peace, and wonder we how UTAH'S LARGEST DODGE AND PLYMOUTH DEALER

I think to come. sometimes look we

upon it as sort of a tangible thing and perhaps there are some tangible asit, it exclusive features in sense, larger pects but to a add variety I intangible. think most POUREASY BOWL.1 is were we with a and food value—-to every meal gl that as conscious of asyesterday we

to our our and showing love hollywoodi'SIMPLEGRADUATEDTO CLEANSCALE spectssembled in this room paying our regreat leader. here, I couldn't As we sat

EIGHT BLADES think, help here evidencing are but we

Vitamins in fresh Minerals and Keep MORE in the world. hearts are peace Our SPEEDS TWO Liquefier! foods with a ApHOLLYWOOD strife; free that's from peace what diets petizing for infants, underweight, SUPER POWER nothing means. love but have convalescents, We reducing aged'a Makes

pleasure... disguises junior's carrots and and kindness one toward another, and

milk with new taste and color thrill.. regardless of creed, regardless of color,

soothes Dad with an evening pickup! and there were many here yesterday,

who are not of the white race, we were $44.95 wasall dedicatedpeace andto onelove.purposeIt's true,and thatthat

inspired leader, our leaders was but by

Mfd By that, will they can do and do it, and

Hollywood Liquefier Co. peace will come through the inspiration

(Continued on page 440) 438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v!L

tmneHmt GOES TO CHURCH

HHfc

w silky beautiful experience. Majestic pillars, towering A,lLMOST as smooth as my puppy's

coat,"thinks the little boy as he admires the toward the heavens, attractive entrances, winsmooth surface of a Buehnercrete Honetex wall dow trim, and other ornamental details take on

These honed surface concrete masonry units save unsurpassed beauty that endures like the everup to 90 per cent over the cost of comparable lasting hills. Young and Ehlers designed the

glazed surface wainscoting materials; they proBonneville Stake House shown in the lower pictect youngsters from injury, and add to the attracture. Thomas B. Child and Company were the

tiveness and sound absorption of walls in classmason contractors.

rooms, hallways and gymnasiums. Cannon and Buehnercrete concrete products are used on

Mullen were architects on the Provo Stake House, hundreds of new L.D.S. chapels, as well as thoushown at top. sands of fine homes, scores of schools and comWarm and inviting Buehnercrete cast mercial buildings. Investigate Buehnercrete beStone seems to make going to church a more fore you build.

OTTO BUEHNER & CO. BUEHNER BLOCK CO. THEBuehner Architectural Cast Stone Concrete Masonry Units

640 Wilmington Ave. >u 2800 South West Temple COMPANIES

JUNE 1951 439 and as was said here, appropriately,

Clifford E. Young Continued the reason that we could feel it so

impressively yesterday is because we of men whom God will raise up and were paying tribute to one who had who will establish in the hearts of exemplified these divine virtues.

lives, of their righteous men, because sisters, there brethren so, and AndServices! these of great concepts peace. There's all of us. is hope for hope

then, another President world. suffering most had for this too, wefree to Churches strikingAnd sat here. as last experience night called our attention Clark we

This pioneer Music store, of 3 We listened to that lovely blind womto one very potent thing, however:

generations, offers free assistan,fromSisterwhomJones,the beautiespay heroftribute,this worldone namely,We havethattheweagencycan loseto ourmakeagency.theseance to church organizations to have been shut out—I mean the tanthings possible; we also have the

I beauties. couldn't help thinking to lose agency them because God, inbetter themselves. gible

of it as flowers. beautiful those I saw to his children, giving his promises

or the a fleeting of day shadows right the the to do, or not to do, and MUSICALLY She couldn't see them; she can't see has not taken it from us. We have lilies. rising delicate these sun, or Tenright the rightto establish we have

it the or will to do lies theLARGE STOCK OF MUSIC nyson,going alongyou know,one time,it was,seeingas hea littlewas theeousness.will notWeto havedo it. ThereinTO SELECT FROM flower in a crannied wall, said: great danger, and if we fail, or if

failure occurs, it will of us because be Mtisic sent anywhere on better. great But have Flower in the crannied wall, who know we

APPROVAL I pluck you out of the crannies, hope as we visualize what has hap-—Postage paid one way—I hold you here, root and all, in my pened these last hundred years. Somehand, one has said that one man alone with

righteousness a message and of peace

Little could understand if I flower—but can the revolutionize world. The 10 DAYS FREE TRIAL all, and and all in you are, root What alone Prophet a hundred stood Joseph

of all popular all, and twenty years ago. Today we

BAND & ORCHESTRA I should know what God and man is. number 1,100,000 people, and that's

the not thoucounting hundreds and INSTRUMENTS other the sands to passed who have This lovely girl can't see those flowers. But she does see something, side. It merely illustrates what one man

alone alone stood do. Jesus when can sisters, brothers and beyond The finest Pianos the world knows my Pilate, before Peter stood had even I see. has a he She you and what perception of beauty; she has peace deserted him—he knew him not, he

in her soul; she has something Christsaid, and thus Jesus stood alone. One STEINWAY life and alone can give and hope man it brings

vitality world. to this one man And wisand the likehomethattheGodfactexemplified,that there isandgreat

alone twenty a stood hundred and sufin of the experience dom recipithe we're ago, years today and it's that in fering sorrow, and and LESTER Be,syRoss eternal of his great ents of message suffering acquire that and sorrow we these divine attributes. God undertruth.

Home and Church stood it; he didn't let the cup pass I bear you my testimony, my brothOn'gans Sizes by when Jesus supplicated that it might. ers and sisters, again thanking my

the life Christ of of the and for gospel missing tanthe Jesus some CONNSONATA throughHe knew. And so, some have to go Heavenly Father for the blessings of

soul, to it brings pargible things that but the human I enjoy, peace and you

Write for details on any musical need. taking of some of those intangibles and I do it in the name of Jesus. Amen.

FIRST OF AIL -RELIABILITY that transcend them all. We had a

great lesson here yesterday, not only of how peace may come into the soul, of and but also human men how 4547 aSOUTH MUSIC AND tines| of our WORDSD teachings the exemplify women

MAIN STREET virtues great the and Savior and Lord

Derbyshire By A. Leslie SALT LAKE'WtmicfijijlCITY 1, UTAH* Co-. sacrifice. of love and

47 So. Main, Salt Lake—145 No. University, Provo

of years ago I remember page, many the printed on "music"is no readThere ing, in the old I believe it Juvenile was of black on lines marks and But only

Instructor, a beautiful story, and it white.

has stayed with me all these years. It is Some voice must sing, some hand with

said that on one occasion President strings engage,

Young left his home, over where the To make the sounds that give the ear delight. stands, started and Hive House Bee

have "Justice"no "Faith,""Love,"and Street. to State used There be down

to bless MISSIONARIES, power SERVICEMEN and of of water, stream City part Creek, a is scratched inkscrawl by "Religion"an ALL street, the the sideflow and down pen MEMBERS CHURCH trail, or the as it was, such walk, Can a Latterday You as Saint Explain and all meaningsounds, All signs empty and

Defend The Doctrines of Your Church this ditch; as along meandered and less,

the Bible? Holy From

his in President lives of men. making the they're Unless written was Young way

down he saw coming up the trail an No spiritpower called "Justice"floats space; through cane, following her a old with lady BIBLE THE KNOW is justice are There save no where men 50 VITAL RELIGIOUS QUESTIONS see. ditch. the couldn't along She way

by Answered 700 BIBLICAL just. QUOTATIONS his of heart In President the goodness for Ideal "Singlemember"Families and earth but deeds, heavwords, a Not make Investigators and, taking her the stopped by Young place; enly In harmony L.D.S. teachings with of Church sister, said, dear he hand, God "My Paper $1.00 Cloth 216 Pages $1.50 but deeds, words, a can Not make man

light the of the bless gospel you. Let be dust. from B. BENJAMIN ALWARD light shines that the the rays beyond are true, accurate measured So men and First 148 Salt Ave. City Lake 3, Utah

It's setting the the of sun."of gospel their Deseref (Or Boofc Bookcraft) Co.; the Not by works by words—but

Christ that brings peace to all of us, they do.

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:'.-,<

It's I U and Canning Time

Fine fruit for canning deserves the finest sugar, and you'll find no better sugar for your most particular canning and preserving than U and 1. v*\

Ask for it at your grocer. Remember, if it's canning

you're planning,

Always N SUGAR BuyU I FINE 6Ranu

L*TEd \,

JUNE 1951 441 It's Free! ZION Must Arise

and put on

he? beautiful aarments

DELBERT L.

STAPLEY George Albert Smith is a glorious one of great attainment on the part of the

Church. He built ably upon the

foundation laid, so now this people in the accontinue to ahead go fieif can i5u1 <=JJelbert oL. staple the great purposes of complishment

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE that God has for his people to accomplish. GREYHOUND'S the past thought about I have As

BROTHERS AND SISTERS, I rejoice place, three taken all that has and days in this conferin with being you in relaincreased has testimony my MY

I feel very weak today. ence in. tion to the are engaged work we Vacation

position, this and in and humble this for plans I All forward have gone

Planning yourdo earnestlyfaith andprayprayers.for an interest in greatAnd generalalmost conferenceon the eveofofthetheChurch.con-

I wish to extend my appreciation and ference meetings, the Lord took from of you great number to the gratitude President. us our beloved At first Service

in this so kindly received but apthere feeling of loss, me a great who was *You have all the fun... pointment. I appreciate the many I don't think ever a feeling of frustraGreyhound does the work! prayers that have gone up in my betion, for the Quorum of the Twelve

Travel experts plan just the vahalf. With you, I feel a keen loss realized that vested within them were

cation you want, arranging for in our beloved President George Alall the powers, authorities, and keys hotels, transportation, special bert Smith. Coming from an outside necessary to carry forward the imsightseeing—AT NO EXTRA stake, I feel in a measure that I repreportant work of this great Church.

COST! Ask for FREE folder. sent the good people who live on the Committees were appointed to plan

fringes of the Church, who do not the services that would honor and

See your Greyhound Agent NOW! always have opportunity to express the recognize our beloved prophetleader.

love that is in their hearts for these Everything seemed to fit into a proper great leaders who depart from among pattern, the services were held, and us. our hearts were touched by the beautiPresident George Albert Smith was ful thoughts expressed, the consolaof the family to given to be tion seemed close to always members me, he Your Every Musical Need important the passall of of the us for and to some who mourn around

Promptly and Courteously events of my life. I appreciated sining of our President.

Filled at cerely his confidence and love, and Yet the 121st conference went on as

I rejoice that it was he who called me scheduled and there was a feeling that

I into time, him coming my remember a critical his Church, even at such BEESIEYS to this present assignment. As a boy, God was at the helm; that the affairs of attend father's handled. home to so being properly and mother's were And

representing conferences in disturbed today, not here come the we MASON and HAMLIN quarterly the Church. of faith, in the leaderGeneral Authorities not disturbed our

The Stradivari of Pianos And as I relive those occasions, I reship now handling the affairs of the

KNABE joiceupon inmythelife.goodlyHe effectwas lovedthat heby hadall pattern,Church. forEverythingGod establishedhas fit theintopat-a

The Piano of the good members of the Church everytern, and the people know where the

Metropolitan Opera where. He radiated a kindly and authority of leadership is vested when

lovable spirit. Wherever he went, the President prophetleader is taken.

EVERETT he brought good will to the Church There has hardly been a ripple in the

The finest toned, medium and its people. As has been said, he scene of our work or activities, and

priced spinet pianos built was a man without guile. I think he yet we have paused properly to honor

has left with us a gem of counsel as and recognize our great spiritual

CABLE - NELSON so many times in his talks he has adleader.

Beautiful spinet pianos in vised us to stay on the Lord's side Brothers and sisters, this is to me a the low priced field of the line. That counsel will live testimony of the strength and divinity throughout eternity in our hearts. A of this work. In my heart, I feel that

very simple statement, yet one that God is with us and directing his work,

Band Instruments willof individualsproduce greatif theygoodwill butin followthe livesit. thatour homes,as we gowefromwill thisnot conferencebe confused,to

Sheet Music The eighth chapter in the leadernor will we feel in our hearts that this and Everything Musical ship of this Church has been closed work will stop; there will be unity in

in the departing of this good man. As our faith, we will go away in confi-

I reflect back over the eight spiritual dence, knowing that the work of the leaders of this people, in my heart Lord will continue to go forward and

BEESLEY MUSIC CO. toI feelleadthathis Godpeople,wantedand thateacheachof themwas reflectfulfil itsupondestinythesein thethings,earth.I rememberAnd as I

70 South Main Salt Lake City specially fitted and endowed for the what the Lord said to the Prophet

Phone 4-6518 work of his time and generation. The Joseph Smith before the Prophet had

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE chapter now closed in the book of been endowed with the priesthood and the life and activities of President {Continued on page 444) 442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY

'SO to 25 or deft.*-* for 315 at \utter i Cream Add utes. Otter TluZesMxes M gine niilV add I Packaged

c with Menu Dess Remove d Quick Un oil arm tes Cr ana d mlnutes. mixture"fand

odUCt the a word -enienC j c ca*e that e d ar and day the EU:;v other oi at Swissue rsiSte?"> brand tnanfaP p the Mushrooms year, held Pre

fhavei111* i p1 tor a, a to conBa't P the and soVo iutu UnU right during ior so. -jygooda newsej d

"V "\ wa t Scluates, mix. coCONOT c ARES 1 Take 1 Deseret News Family Section,

1 pacVtagc lM Turn to Winnifred Jardine's column "Food is Fun""up'ter 4>r Read carefully for 5 minutes or more v 2 tahlesPO r y Clip out and keep handy in your kitchen.

or topc 1 cup of dishvarieties will result tempting be many c? 1 The Mix and your family that will daily have serve es to

tinS Jp: guests asking for second helpings. Best of all, &W0 Mrs. Jardine's menus are selected for healthful and

economical eating.

Head "Food is Fun"daily in your

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S FIRST NEWSPAPER

JUNE 1951 443 peoples and nations of the earth. We HAVE YOU READ Delbcrt I. Stapley Continued have witnessed in the progress of the

Church, a great enlarged program to program This people. of our care take itself been had before the Church ARE MORMONS life the of Church entire the encircles great and that said "a organized. He opevery gives them and membership is to about come marvelous a work DIFFERENT for developgrowth, for portunity of and children forth the men"; unto

difMormons makes What in this Surely training. for and ment, is marvelous this great surely and a live they ferent? do Why his with been has the Lord think they work as do? Why and represent. Very which we work

affect religion their does in pride with our today so people, 50 the of organization after the shortly their everyday govern and sixteen hunalmost claim progress we conIn simple, thinking? half, 1 a less year and a than Church,

are here writing the of branches and wards dred of the elders to the the speaking Lord nonand for written theMormons—cise,answers scattered stakes, up and 184 Church, alike. Mormons said: Church

down this western area with some to have many east of the be not weary in welldoing, Wherefore, us. We also THE YEARS TWO MOST the throughout of a great established the foundation for missions ye are laying

TALKED ABOUT BOOKS. work. And out of small things proceedeth world, and with all our program and

that which is great. (D. & C. 64:33.) activity, the Church itself is known

THESE AMAZING According to the law -that God had offar leadershipand wide andandofassumingpower initsshapingplace revealed, and in keeping with the law the lives of men and of nations.

established this land, the was Church of brothers and it me, to MORMONS seems my And early the six members. Yet only with this enlargein the sisters, that Lord First three years published that humble from rise of the Church this ago, this companion book with has been borders our of ment

all to parts of the has gone marvelous, great and beginning was it that 00 arranged so has people, and in will world, published be the brethren pleased, and the Lord was different four languages. populain the established 1 are now we

of ministry the in the work engaged area. this western of centers tion We Both by diligent devoted. and very been had our worship, of places built our have

JOSEPH H. WESTON The Lord didn't want them to be places of recreation, and in all this

they because were in welldoing weary planning, and in all this reporter, for many building, Newspaper veteran and A of a great foundations work. laying the leadership and of Mormonism, now the preparation, years a student all this in

an Elder in the L.D.S. Church. In the preface to the book of Doctrine of the Church under the inspiration

said: the Lord Covenants, and only in mind not had have of God or Order From Dealers At Your our own, of care take should that we

... these to those commandments whom profacilities have the that we but to lay the given, power might have were our to available should be made vided it to bring this church, of foundation and BOOKCRAFT to counseled been friends. have 1186 MAIN SOUTH of darkness, out We obscurity of out forth and

our hide to not our neighbors, living church upon the warn true only and SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the it place to but {Ibid., earth. a bushel, 1:30.) light under of the face whole

where it can be seen of men, that they

And then again, a little later the may have the opportunities and the

Lord said: blessings this Church affords and that

you and I enjoy.

For Zion must increase in beauty, and And it does seem to me, brothers and enlarged; holiness; in be borders her must situation critical present this in sisters, 1\ yea, strengthened; be stakes her must the all to send is impossible it i where

l arise I you, Zion verily unto must say fields need foreign into we missionaries (Ibid., garments. beautiful put her and on advantage take must that send, we to 82:14.) is that opportunity proselyting the of

stakes and wards, branches, in the ours passed the Church know We stake our through and Church; the of tribulatrials through many and many to available program make missionary

the tions, along that brethren way faciliinvestigating, the are those who Saints the Prophet, the deserted and children that the Church, ties our of all of types suffered and mobbings investigators can friends and our of there privations, but and hardships to School, Primary, Sunday to come strength of in the Church men were to Mutual, and the men young women in believed character, and who men all if Relief Society, to and underyou're mothers the the this latterday work; and great

If meetings. as sacrament to our we them. with rested of the Lord power neighour people would warn God's in of face the undaunted were They insured if friends bors, with be would and we of difficulties. the But work these

a to It's will home have invite enough to neighbors, bad our them we people on, our were and the Lord went unfor-.. it's doubly burn down this investigate with us and come the valleys of the mounto here led is insurance to your tunate know. to thing true of be and know we President tains Brigham Young. by repair. little or rebuild to Make too God. enlarging the vision of the had protection your increase sure He you

to meet today's increased building borders of Zion and sent out groups I think it was only a year ago that costs. See your KOLOB AGENT toto colonize and settle the fertile valPresident George Albert Smith from

day. He's one of more than 300 leys of these mountains, both north this pulpit said that we should invite

trained insurance representatives and south and east and west. Thus our friends and our associates to come

in Idaho, Utah, Montana see. in the Church and There is much of the great has and Nethe Church work

this longestab- serve who vada see, to for people and if and come until the even grow, to continued lished company. the of are Church members we who of prophet time, each our present and

leaders took his place, gave of himwould live as we should live, we would self and of the talents that God had never be ashamed of that which our blessed him with to establish firmly friends and our associates do see. Not

the foundations of this work. And as so long ago in attending a conference,

surely as we are here today, it has I heard a young lady missionary in

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr. been brought forth out of obscurity making her report say that in her

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City and out of darkness, and stands as a missionary experience she felt the

beacon of light upon the hill to all [Concluded on page 446) 444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MSMmm WB instead of makes sense to me says Mrs. John Austin of Green Ridge, Pa. jDP

i* j&H* H4

X

""MOw

'':C

iSm KVT<- GuaranteedV by X-.Good HousekeepingV.!***ijs

*C-

"I once thought I needed a special detergent for clothes; another for dishes; a third for enamel and

jf> paint. Then I found FELSO. Now 'one instead of

E*rt* I three'saves shopping time and storage space.

"Best of all,"she says, "my wash is white as snow, my colors bright and gay. China and glass sparkle

I without wiping. Refrigerator, stove and woodwork

i fairly glisten. FELSO alone does all my washing.

m "Of course you may quote me. I'm glad to say how

satisfied I am with white, freepouring FELSO. It's

so pleasantly fragrant, and it leaves my hands soft:; and smooth. 'One instead of three'makes sense to

'me—when that one is allpurpose FELSO."

Reliable Fels and Co. perfected FELSO. It isn't a

':;..".*.* soap, but a new, different, allpurpose detergent.

make FELSO your "sm/mt"today [

JUNE 1951 445 Spirit; NEW DRIPLESS need need the Holy we We

its gifts its influDelbert L Stapley Continued and and its power

PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET ences with us in our callings and ofSpirit of the Lord working with her. fices, if we carry out successfully the

with Automatic Locking folding handles And I thought what a grand thing it responsibility associated with those would be if all people of the Church callings and appointments.

felt that in their callings and appoint- I have a testimony of this work; I

ments the Spirit of the Lord was workknow it is true. I hope and pray,

ing with them. I am just as confident brothers and sisters, that we will deas I can be that regardless of our vote ourselves to its high responsibilicalling and appointments or holding ties. It is the most important thing

the priesthood, we who are the men of we have at hand to do. May we be apthe Church, that unless we have the preciative of the Church, of its leaderHoly Spirit of the Lord abiding with ship, of its doctrines, and all the blessus in our work and ministry, we will ings we enjoy, I humbly pray in the

never accomplish the purposes of God. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Righteousness

Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful appearand Judgment.

ing plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk

White). Note the large sturdy handles Bu JlLd C Beowen

(all handles are Crystal) that autoOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE matically lock in place. Handles fold

down, out of the way, when not in ALBERT E. BOWEN basisance. ofIt hishasownalwaysindividualbeen theperformcon-

free of nations of enlightened ception requiringuse; the of thoughts the only 1/3 the space of Naturally those particularly laws men, whose this have conference at speakers sets.old type that in the Christian code, are rooted reSmith, so President to turned

cently departed. Mine run the same only to that degree in which judgrighteousness special embraced ments trays have feature a Water today here standing If he were rim way.

justice. approximated they have Long conjecture easily I I can stand, where individual opening cup eacharound the the coupled Prophet ago Amos to people the with pleading as him

in their relationproper two together of tray. outer edge in around well as live is,as to that religion, live their

rightthinking ship, has and no man of standards high the to up practice inconveneliminates practicallyThis tried, able, the or ever to sever been taught. been have they what unites inseparably them. which is a a bond I if to say water. This dripping ofience like, may, I should

his nation: admonished Amos referparticular that, with little about feature.special patented responsibility of personal the to roll ence let -waters, as judgment down...

each individual for what he turns out and righteousness as a mighty stream.

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY to be. (Amos 5:24.)

Sets available at Presiding Bishop's latorIt wasto glimpsepermittedthe tofutureJohnasthethe Revereve- I hesitate to use the word righteousit atto has ness have because come in passed to things come of City, Utah lation - Salt Lake Office of hypocrisy. to it the malodor tached vision. his before view panoramic

is of one spoken commonly, who Too Direct from or Order says: things, he other Among rightquality of the of as possessed

And I saw the dead, small and great, eousness is derisively sneered at, as if were and they before God; stand precharacterized as a the him term PLASTICAL THE COMPANY their to every man. according.. judged arroself-exalter, tender, a one who Manchester 3575

20:12.) (Rev. Blvd. works. virtues, as superior himself to gates 4, California Ingiewood

in of exemplified the parable Jesus closely related lines of thought Two publicly Pharisee the who to all about consequence of tremendous and that as other thanked he was not God graphic this by us are stimulatedIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS of his loudly proclaimed own men and in it implicit is First, there statement.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple the thesis that death is not the end of virtues. Jesus said that the publican

alone, apart, standing humbly who, rating for had marshalled Those throatsore and other minor mouth man. to him merciful a be prayed God to John the dead for whom died, it was irritations.and throat the justified before sinner would be classification and their Second, saw.

recompense depended upon their own other.

HALLS REMEDY yetdeeds,lived.whatIttheyis thishadseconddone whilefeaturetheyof attachesNo senseto theof termopprobriumrighteousness.properlyIt

Salt Lake City, Utah the vision to which I wish to direct signifies that which is in accordance k i*.n/nan * attention. with right, or characterized by upis no morality. or rightness There passed the dead from hosts the As

I its place. to other take word am judged they were throne, the

it trust to obliged use therefore and his works. to according man, every 2 HEADQUARTERSIN LAS VEGAS, FORNEVADAL. D. S. fk before its in proper being understood to its of sense highest in is justice the That

YE KINGS REST MOTEL the term. It is judgment founded in sense.

526 SOUTH 5TH STREET righteousness. It reaches completely John's statement about the basis of

B. Foutz, Dr. that Harold affirming Owner as read judgment be must fault ideal. can the perfect to up No

Foutz, H. Manager Edgar is things are everybody which is to there for in it, every man found be Throughout Mattresses Beautyrest (Continued on page 448) the classified on rewarded and be

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA savings You can pay more but you can't buy better!

,,vx.'::?:>>-;:::: >:::::::::v.x::':'::;:::':'<':':':<-->::: Ford

"Test Drive"it today at your Ford Dealer's Equipment, accessories and trim subjecf fo change wifhouf nofice

JUNE 1951 447 and human kindness by the violence of fore perfect, even as your Father

Albert E. Bowen continued brute force and by submerging rightwhich is in heaven is perfect."{Matt.

eousness and everything that makes 5:48.) This terse sentence epitomizes

expected to do. The promise of relife beautiful, under the vile, putrid, all that Jesus taught about the mission

wards based upon works presupposes hideous, and ugly floods of vice which of life and the destiny of man. It

that there are requirements prescribed. swirl over the land. All this and all seems on its face a hard saying, and

Where there is no law, there can be the groveling ugliness of human degramany have felt that it sets a task beno judgment under the law is a princidation paraded before us in the daily yond all possibility of accomplishing, ple of divine as well as secular govpress are in direct antagonism to the and that there is no use trying; that

ernance. The prescribed requirements, benevolence and brotherhood, the it projects an ideal so utterly unrealistic

naturally, are to be sought in the teachworth and dignity of the human soul as to make it of little value. There

ings of Jesus for John was his disciple. with its Godgiven right to be free might be some validity to this objecAnd by his revelation, John tells us, from the bondage of oppression; the tion, if life is to be thought of only

he was shown the things he saw. admonitions to love and mercy, to be in terms of mortal probation. To get

On his final visit to the disciples bepure in heart, and to hunger and thirst full value of the admonition we need fore his ascension, as has before been after righteousness, expounded as a broader understanding of the work stated today, Jesus commissioned them guides to righteousness and abundant of life.

to carry his message to all people, living by the Christ. President Brigham Young let some

telling those whom they proselyted to The other day J. Edgar Hoover light in on that in one of his sermons.

observe all things whatsoever he had told the Senate committee investigating After quoting the saying, he remarked:

commanded them. Here, then, is the syndicated crime in America that "If the... passage I have quoted is

law on the basis of which all are to be gambling could be cleansed out at not worded to our understanding, we judged. So far as I can discern, there once if officials in states and cities can alter the phraseology of the senis not one thing in all that Jesus taught would honestly enforce the law, intence, and say: 'Be ye perfect as ye

that would not, if practised, promote stead of conniving with those who are can,'for that is all we can do."

righteousness and justice in the earth. willing to pay the price of protection "When we are doing as well as we

Nobody would be harmed by universal for the violation of the law. Following know how in the sphere and station

conformance to every rule governing gambling would go the whole brood which we occupy here, we are justihuman conduct which he promulgated. of loathsome evils spawned by it. If fied in the justice, righteousness, mercy,

One cannot think that it was ever inthat could be done, how infinitely more and judgment that go before the Lord tended that man should be consigned could the earth be cleansed by a simple of heaven and earth. We are as

to live perpetually in this earth amid observance of the laws laid down as justified as the angels who go before the carnage and bestiality and bickerthe basis for divine judgment and the throne of God. The sin that will

ing and hatred and cruelty; the plunjustice. cleave to all the posterity of Adam and

dering of one by another; the deception On another occasion, even before Eve is that they have not done as well

and greed; the striving for advantage his crucifixion, holding up to view as they know now."(/. D. 2:129.)

of one over another; the despoiling of the mission and purpose of life, the That puts the admonition to be perfellow creatures; the stifling and goal of man's striving, his ultimate fect on a practical working basis. It

crushing out of all sentiments of mercy destiny, the Lord said, "Be ye there- (Continued on following page)

Tfiougfif For T>>e Month Queen of 'Let us have faith a n ** let us, to Table ** end, darc tothf demand it."Ne

Better Flavor

Finer texture Enriched with %nAcHe* *&* ***"JS-* Vitamins

Stays Fresh

Longer

Makes Delicious

Toast * 7 -\L-1,Hl* r/jfiff"%&*****

iM

Fresh at ROYAl BAKING COMPANY your grocer's Salt lake City Ogden

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

"What competition is there among major oil companies?"

Harry F. Wood, attorney of Olympia, Washington,

writes: "What type of competition does actually exist

among the major oil companies? Price? Service? Research?

If it's research, we should find one company's brand of oil, for example, gives better engine protection."

The answer to this question is much the same for the oil industry as for most others. Competition is intense in all operations. In oil, operations may be grouped

under four broad headings..

I'd Like to Know..

You may have heard that a suit has been filed by the Antitrust Division in Washington to break up Standard of California as well as six other Competition starts in production, getCompetition continues in refining. Again

ting crude each of out the ground. the operation company pay. Oil companies must make

big oil companies which large must produce small) (both products first explore, or and as good as then bid A plant are in business for rights to land where oil may exist. Combetter than those of other refiners, at prices

on the West Coast. petition in efficiency then begins. Ways must as low as theirs or lower. No company can

be found to make wells produce at costs low keep customers with products either not good

Already hundreds of enough to meet market prices. enough or too expensive.

people have written us protesting this action.

Many have asked pertinent questions.

We believe we should answer these questions for everyone.

And we take this way of doing so.

If you have a question, we urge you to write us at this address: Competition in research exists indeed. And competition shows up clearly where

That's why two gallons of today's gasoline, our products are sold. This does, in part,

"I'd Like to Know"forgenerationexample,ago.do Athecompanywork thatmusttookkeepthreepacea takeChevronthe formgasolines,of service.you find(Wherevera man youmakingfind

225 Bush Street or lose out. As for differences between brands good on our promise, "We take better care

is oil: atomic being energy to used it's now car.") of your in But also competition San Francisco 20 of

it occurs. It engine measure reveals wear as price. business, hold every seller get and To

our new motor oil reduces wear as much as must maintain quality in products and servone-half, as compared with conventional oils. ice, and hold his prices down to meet others.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

JUNE 1951 449

Albert E. Bowen Continued Ready for Tomorrow?

is within the range of the possibility

It tells too, us, of attainment. some-

... is inventory time time Graduation thing high about prerogative a how

to present review time knowledge our is. It rendering requires for judgment

its world. usefulness in today's and justice righteous dispensation of divine

training present qualify your you Does for the attractive, pleasant job of your omniscience. That is perhaps why

choice? God reserved judgment to himself.

They whom John saw stood before

The L.D.S. Business College offers God.

you intensive training in typing, shortHe would have complete knowledge other accounting hand, and facts, all the essential mortals subjects of which will efficiently to which work help you rendering perhaps judgments human in position desire. the you

never have, and which so often results in miscarriages of justice. God would

into that influences the the gone have life Summer Term Begins June 4 have complete understanding of all shaping the of the judged; to be

If you are expecting to enter MILITARY SERVICE, a few knowledge possessed and the optveeks of intensive L.D.S. training will help to qualify you for portunity for knowing; the capacity

one of many administrative jobs. for understanding what he had been

You are cordially welcome at taught; the kind of association and

society he has the capacity to mingle congenially with; and from all the

BUSINESS COLLEGE manifoldjudged wherefactorshe belongs,involved,whichput theis whatone 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY final judgment really is. LD.S. This interpretation introduces the

principle that it is not intended that we shall accomplish everything in this life, but that we are expected to be progressive beings, growing toward our final in principle destiny. that But

doing the us excuses the beautiful, new '51 no from way best we can, or from acquiring all the knowledge that we have capacity and opportunity to assimilate as we go DODGE along. We have some very specific

teachings about that. The scriptures

say:

Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us the resurrection. New inside... new outside... a completely new kind of ride. in

if a person gains more knowledge And

New in more ways than cars costing up to $1,000 more, see the exciting new and intelligence in this life through his 1951 Dodge! Take the wheel! Feel the smoother ride. There's more head, leg and diligence and obedience than another, he

elbow room. There's more of everything in the new Dodge. will have so much the advantage in the

world to come. (D. & C. 130:1819.)

Intelligence has been interpreted as the ability to comprehend and respond to light and truth. But it is clear

from what has been quoted that knowledge and intelligence are congenial companions; and moreover, that

to achieve them requires industry, study, diligence, and obedience. Their

acquisition is governed by the universal law of reward for effort. They do

not come as gratuitous bestowals upon the idler or the indifferent.

This is the point I wanted especially to emphasize here today, and it is the

ZZZ2ZZZZZZ2ZZZB. reason, perhaps, for all that I have

said before. There is nothing in all

the history and experience of the race, nothing in the teachings of Jesus, nothing in the doctrines of the Church, which warrants the assumption that excellence may be attained without effort, either in the spiritual realm or the temporal domain; or that high

exaltation may be achieved by a mere profession of faith, or passive adherence to a creed or body of doctrines.

Jesus made that abundantly clear in saying

Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, 450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my

father which is in heaven. (Matt. 7:21.)

It is to be noted that the teachings of Jesus pertained mostly to this life.

From time to time he gave us glimpses of a glorious future. But these were

conditioned upon what we do here, just as by John's revelation the dead were judged by the works they had done while they lived. We are not here

just to prepare to die, but rather to live, and to use all our powers to perfect ourselves by acquiring knowledge, developing our talents, building virtue unto ourselves, conquering evil, by practising the things we know. The

progress we make here determines our statusWe hereafter.have a very practical religion.

It pertains to our lives now. And the

reward of observance of the law is not altogether postponed to a future on the other side of the grave. Building up the kingdom involves some very

practical things. It is not altogether

concerned with the nonmaterial lying out in the ethereal realm. The building

of meetinghouses, places of worship, schools, temples, for example, clearly is for spiritual purposes. But they

involve a large element of the material.

They are essential to the building up of the kingdom of God. And where

would you classify the beautifying of your home; the making of refined surroundings? It is necessary to provide

the things that sustain life, to master the arts and crafts and trades that meet the needs of progress and improvement. I do not think I can find It's a story told without words

the line that divides the spiritual from the temporal.

for to easy babies because to write Each a seems day new—in life this gain can proNobody it is digest in chapter surely the story free of baby's your—becauseit is allficiency in the realms of human stronger grip your on harmful from germs. The skills orknowledge or endeavors, yet growth.

they complement each other, and each finger. The straight back, when he Potent reasons, those. But there's

is essential to the completeness of the learns to sit alone. The first tiny one more. Sego Milk is fortified

tooth. white legs, sturdywhole. the cooperative sound endeavor The By a with of vitamin form new—D

all inof organized an body, each doing to the carry enough into out him Vitamin pure of kind same D3—the his talent suits for, the kinghimwhat "all's big world. say well"These that vitamin bright sunshine D I prepared. be can suppose thedom eloquently than more words.

if provide would yourTightness of could baby either one dewhat does story of baby's your The growth the orpends the purpose upon motive It's get sunshine. the enough comchiefly the depends milk upon you stimulates pursuit, thewhich whether this bination of vitamin the and give that sure him. the being And thethat be of promoting good among minerals which provides that milk is give milk you your the good of furtherancemen, righteousness, baby

or whether it be the gratification of a milk is no longer a problem. Dochelp your baby to grow, to have a

selfish ambition, to be achieved without tors recommend Sego Milk for welldeveloped body, sound teeth, regard to consequences to others, or babies because it is uniformly rich and bones that are straight and its influence on human progress or imin the food substances of whole milk strong.provement.

lying Knowledge dormant and not Ask your doctor about Sego Milk—the first brand of

is to usefulemployed purposes of verylittle value. One may attain memberevaporated milk to be fortified with pure vitamin D3

ship in the Church, for example, by complying with all the requisite initiaThis seal certifies that all stateThis seal certifies that the Wistory ordinances, but if he stops there, ments made here have been acconsin Alumni Research Fountests dation periodic makes to do,as some not that he assume may as true cepted the by that diluted Council determine Sego Milk with ishis salvation assured, matter no of the on Foods and Nutrition American equal of an water amount always gives in his correct the abstract personalhow units of Association. vitamin 400 Medical you quart. per D be.conduct progress must may One

or retrograde. One cannot stand still.

Activity is the law of growth, and Send for this 64page baby book. A reliable guide to

growth, progress, is the law of life. baby care and training, through infancy to childhood.

Obedience to the governing law, coApproved by a wellknown physician. Also...

operation with others, helping them to Mary Lee Taylor's latest recipe booklet. Write to.

build up the kingdom of God is inSEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO., Salt Lake City, Utah

dispensable. Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

(Continued on following page) Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

JUNE 1951 451 sions of faith, or how profuse they

Albert E. Bowen Continued may be in protestations of devotion

to their creeds.

There are, properly speaking, no And I humbly pray that each of us laymen in this Church. There is labor as we go from here will go with a full

for all, and labor, toil, effort in harmorealization that whatever we hope for, ny and accord with established law is whatever we aspire to achieve will be the only known road to progress. Saldependent upon our willingness to pay

vation is a relative term, admitting of the price in individual endeavor. We

varying degrees. There can be no may not lean upon any other human

other meaning to John's revelation that being but can be aided by the help we "each will be rewarded according to receive from God if we serve him his works."The slothful or indolent faithfully and keep his commandments

or indifferent can expect no high ratevery day, which I pray we may do, ing, no matter how voluble in profesin the name of Jesus. Amen. HENRY D. MOYLE

<JJ). f/foute 5uJ Afenm1 & T #

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

l BRETHREN AND SISTERS, I feel deeply grateful for the experiences that have been mine the pastM four years, and I sorrow with you C to in the passing of President George Alsibte bert Smith. It was he who advised

me four years ago of my call to the

Twelve, and no man could have shown more love or affection or consideration for a new member of the Quorum than did President Smith. If I were to be

called upon today to express the chief characteristic of the brethren with whom I associate, I should say that it is that virtue which has been so properly credited to President George Albert

Smith.

There is an eternal truth, the verity of which I am certain, that love begets love, and as we love one another, our ability to love increases.

This has been my experience as I have labored so closely during the past four years with these brethren whom

I love so dearly. I have been conscious in my own life that as the days

and the months and the years have gone by, my ability to love my fellow men has correspondingly increased.

I doubt that I have ever in my life seen an example of the love and devotion of one man for another more than, that exhibited by President George Albert Smith for President George F.

Richards. As our boat docked in the

harbor of Honolulu last August, word was brought on board that President

George F. Richards had that morning

passed away. To me, it was a testiYou may be agreeably surprised to find that you can mony of the virtue of our great past

qualify to build a new home... even under present credit President to see the love and the afrestrictions. This is especially true in the matter of small strucfection that he bore for his companion

in forty the than years Premore if tures. all interested, Certainly, to of are at you you it will pay

siding of this Councils Church. His

TriState full facts get the your from to see store manager and filled grief, with heart though and was the many wonderful home plans he has available (including he was not well, even then, and cerNo 5137 shown above.) Come in for a friendly discussion of tainly not physically strong, his first

your home building plans today. impulse, his first impression was to

fly home. He turned to me and said,

"Brother Moyle, don't you think we ought to get off the boat and fly right back to attend the funeral and to pay our respects to the life's work of President Richards?"Well, it seemed to YRISYAYE be wisdom to advise the President to M B c o conserve his strength to remain and

perform the special mission upon which he had embarked and had so graciously taken me with him. Then,

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA other incident. On one of the Friday

mornings when we were presenting there of business, matters usual our1 11 1 D L 1 Jj to president )mitk not involved items that some were more than five dollars or ten dollars finally, when word arrived from his out later that he and his family had or fifteen dollars, and the question was good counselors here at home, he was saved of their earnings for a week raised as to whether it was necessary satisfied that it was the wise and the and had little or nothing to eat for to bring such trivial items to the atdiscreet thing to do to stay there. But that week, practically fasted in order tention of the First Presidency for

that did not minimize the love or the that they might have the means with their approval. The matter was taken

affection that President Smith bore which to spread what they thought under consideration, and I confess I

President Richards in the sorrow he was an appropriate dinner before a expected that there might be some felt at his passing. servant of God who had been sent limit below which the welfare com-

I want to bear testimony today into their midst, one of the Quorum mittee might act without bringing it that it has been my choice privilege of the Twelve, George Albert Smith. for the final approval of the Presiduring these recent past years to be- I tell you, his interest in the people dency and our advisers on the Friday

come intimately acquainted with two of this Church individually can hardly morning. But no, when the next Friof the choice sons of our Heavenly be excelled. He was interested in day came, President Smith said, "We'll

Father who have now been called the smallest details. continue to follow the rule which you

home. I don't know that a father I just want to bear witness to one {Continued on following page)

could have shown a son, even his favored son, more affection than

President Richards bestowed upon me during the years that I had the privilege to serve under him in the Quorum of the Twelve.

today, to say I want my brethren sisters, to supplement what AMERICA'S FINEST and

Brother Cowley said this morning, that just as certain as it is necessary to HEARING AID...

have a Quorum of the Twelve upon the earth, so is it necessary that that THE NEW quorum should be comprised of men who love one another. I bear this humble testimony to you today that TENITH

the men who constitute the Quorum BtG.U- 8, PAT OFF

of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints 'ROYAL are men who are devoted, not only to the service to which they have been called, but also to one another. I was grateful for the words of Brother ONLY

Cowley this morning when he referred to our meeting in the temple Thursday.

// like not of could be number men A 8 THE TRYING "ROYAL FOR REASONS GOOD in this gathered under world anywhere liberal fully protects Zenith's guarantee Zenith in % Thehearing other periodicircumstances be your purchase. can conGuarantee any and find is designedAmerica'sforfinest aid—"Royal"superbly

their hearts the love and the devotion, venient use and wear. cally renewed for five years.

the loyalty for one another that exists % Only"WorrySaver"the "Royal"switchhas to thechangesensationalfrom YouWearcanthetry"Royal"the "Royal"for 10beforedays. youIf buy!you

in this, the Presiding Council of this dead to fresh A battery. don't agree that it's America's finest hearthe return aid, instrument and YOUR with "Royal"—an amazing new today. Church % Exclusive BE REFUNDED. WILL MONEYing that ceramic sensimaintains microphone I was very greatly impressed when tivity in batteries 3 month's even have can extremely supply of hot, humid You

free absolutely to weather. the decide keep if you of president President Smith became

first will month's "Royal."The be supply life hear You get of more out more and this rehis of early % Church. One for the sent instrument with your 10day with "Royal's"glorious FULL audio TONE

trail. the instrument, addikeep If you atto sponsibilities president as was performance.

will tional return mail. batteries sent be by

is of the magnificent general meeting aid tend a welfare for yours % This only this because principle: follow $75 hearingwe morning. His Friday committee on HIGH PRICES QUALITY PRODUCTS AT

conduct there was indicative of the FAIR TO ALL CONCERNEDNOT A PENNY life that he had lived, the service that MORE.

.. hearing aid outperforms if any $200 his people, the he rendered had

in efficiency.the or Zenith economy $75 individual knowlNO DOWN PAYMENT that of the he had edge {under our your back money—

first this return privilege). of Church. members 10 day That for ONLY $5 A MONTH case us morning a before came

his consideration. It was the application for assistance of a humble Saint.

He had come from a country in Europe, had not been here long, unknown StanxlarcL to most of us although some of us OGDEN PROVO LOGAN PRICE IDAHO FALLS SALT LAKE CITY had labored as missionaries in that same country. In the presentation of STANDARD OPTICAL COMPANY

South 273 Main his case just a little impersonal were we

City, Salt Lake Utah particularly not had emphasized and FREE Please send a $75 Zenith "Royal"hearing aid me his the of name. mention But trial. mere for batteries not and free 10day agree do 10DAY TRIAL

I aid, finest the If hearingI "Royal"is America's it if President to caused Smith ask return at the the end instrument immediately thatmay that a resident not former I I man was If will of 10 days. the instrument, pay keep $5

of Berlin. And when we told him a month.

said, Name that he was, can he we "How MAIL (last name) (husband's name) (wife's name) refrain giving consideration to from THIS COUPON Address his in case? generosity the His Church

'. City TODAY! help. privilege deserves our It was my State to eat at that man's table."We found

JUNE 1951 453 Henry D. Moyle Continued

Just a few hours to have always followed, and there will be no item too small for the considerawestern wonderlands morningtion of themeeting."brethren here at this Friday

Now, when we have men of that offices of when you fly! kindthis Church,entrustedthereto arethe nonehigh of us that

need to worry about the manner in which the Church and its affairs are taken care of. The meticulous care

with which the funds of this Church are guarded is a revelation to me, because that kind of care does not exist says RHONDA FLEMING costarring in the PineThomas Production in the ordinary businesses of mankind "THE LAST OUTPOST"Color by Technicolor A Paramount Picture in the world.

President Smith great a was misto the scenic you've wonderland Travel summer by air this sionary. going were As to over we

Glacier, to visit. Yellowstone, Bryce wanted Zion, and always the Hawaii boat, on the on night of

Canyon national parks; Canada's Banff, Jasper, and Lake Louise; the captain's dinner President Smith

Southern California—they're all nextdoor when you fly Western! felt that he should do something for

Let the Counselaire at Western's ticket office—or your authorthe captain and not merely be the reized travel agent—help you plan a wonderful western vacation. cipient of some favor from him. And

so, as we went to the dining room that evening, President Smith had in his hand one of his favorite copies of The

Improvement Era. It was, of course,

a formal affair at the captain's table; WESTERN AIR UNES the ladies and the men were dressed

in formal attire. It took a man of

the courage of President Smith to do what he did, because before that dinner was over he had gone to the captain of that ship and given to him The

Improvement Era and paid his respects to him and his guests.

There were some of us on board the vessel who felt that, had the captain known the precious soul that his ship bore, he would have done him the honor of having called upon him and his table would have graced had the by presence of of anointed. one God's The CONTROLLED moisture! -vsiwsp fact that didn't did he not prevent vELM

President Smith from proceeding to give to that captain the missionary message which The Improvement Era contained.

God bless the memory of these brethren, and may that same spirit to continue with be and the Twelve s> 5i of the with all Authorities. General YOUR BEST CROP INSURANCE May it continue to reach out as it

does into the stakes and into the wards of this Church, that we may in very deed be a people known the world over for the love and the affection and loyalty the another, have for one we SYSTEMS IRRIGATION PORTABLE in of the humbly I pray the name Lord mmwm to successfully scientific method Christ. is the modern and Jesus Here Amen.

irrigate any type of land or crops at the very lowest cost.

There is NO Substitute for SHURRANE quality and rugged design

EQUIPPED WITH RAIN BIRD SPRINKLER HEADS

L ECO SEN&m/o*n AT: BRANCHES OFFICE: FARM MAIN

PROVO CITY 'SALT LAKE OGDEN [AND ORCHARD 375 31st ST. PHONE 5558 429 SO. 1st WEST 585 SO. 2nd WEST

DISTRIBUTOR OF THESE WELLKNOWN LINES

SUPPLIES E. I. Du Pont de Neumours & Co. ShurRane Portable Irrigation Systems

Shell Chemical Co. California Spray Chemical Co. Dow Chemical Co.

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA first choice

STEPHEN L RICHARDS

for your How's Your Church Faith?

Among all electronic organs, the

Wurlitzer is the only one designed WurlitzerModelOrgan25 sacrificing for ensemble without OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE tone. Ensemble is essential to inresponsive action, and a solution to

terpret organ literature. And given the problem of space are also among

the proper ensemble, organists the can advantages provided. many three in try three sermons minachieve desired effects. solo a tried fundrais- and For provedI'll utes. First, is a tithing a not

too, Here, is the electronic only plan, ing facts about and the many fiftieth thirtieth or a or twentieth; a

its in organ price class that in includes Wurlitzer models, get touch with is tithing tenth.a a

crescendo pedal and combination dealer. Wurlitzer your Organ Conis inflated dollar the Second, worth pistons as standard classified sult direcequipment. your telephone

a hundred cents for one purpose: payStandard dimensions and controls, tory, or write us for his name.

ing debts.

Third, I knew a missionary once THE RUDOLPH WURLITZER COMPANY, NORTH TONAWANDA, NEW YORK EXECUTIVE OFFICES, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS who had had marvelous success in the mission field. I asked him something

about his method. Among other things Considering a Piano? More

people Wurlitzer Pianos buyhe told that whenever he went me to WURLITZERWorld's Largest Builder and Pianos of Organs than those of any other name.

talk people, to they however much Under One Great Name tried to get him to digress from his main theme—talk about politics, talk

aboutcrops—hethe weather,said, "I alwayscurrentpolitelyaffairs, toldthe

the people that I was sent out to talk the gospel to them. I never had time

for anything else."

We've been talking about a man during this conference who had a remarkable gift and talent for friendship. I've been with him on many

occasions when he met some old friends or business acquaintances. He

always had the courage to say, in substance, "John, how's your faith?

How are you feeling about the Church?"And I've seen many a man

blush a little, stammer a little, and et be willing to talk with him about hiis faith and about the Church.

There was probably never a time, my brethren, when we so much needed men who could go out and cultivate a talent for friendship and talk frankly to their own associates in the priestcarelesshood become LANKERSHIM who have and HOTEL DRINK 7th &delinquent, to their BROADWAY business friends and to their neighbors, about the gospel give to great them the and.A. delightful

lessing ourselves enjoy. which we hot beverage

May we make note of the opportuniIN THE VERY HEART OF who don't drinkforcoffee.those

ties that lie ahead of us, I pray, in the LOS ANGELES AT YOUR GROCERS name of Jesus. Amen.

JUNE 1951 455 Latterday Saints and their leaders

I in rejoice, brethren and sisters, testimony of the truth. I know Truth and Righteousness myfrom the beginning.

God has spoken from the heavens and established his Church upon the

Will Triumph shockearth. duringWe thehavepastreceivedfew days;a greatwe'll

receive other shocks, in all probability, but I tell you this Church will never receive a setback. It will go forward

in the future as it has in the past, and

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE truth and righteousness will triumph in the earth. I pray that it may be so,

ALMA SONNE in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

"y brethren and sisters, I trust I telegram came to President Smith, who may have the benefit of your was at my side. He opened it and

faith and prayers during the few read it, folded it up, put in his pocket,minutesM I shall stand before you. First and when the session was ended, he

of all, I want to express my gratitude came to me and said, "I have been for the strength, the comfort, the concalled back to Salt Lake City. It will

solation, and the increased confidence be necessary for you to fill the apwhich have come to the members of pointments which I have made."He

the Church in the passing of President thereupon handed me a little sheet of

George Albert Smith. I think, in one paper, and on it was a schedule of

way or another, he must have touched meetings which he had arranged in the all of us more or less closely during little villages and settlements around his entire ministry. St. Johns and Snowflake. I mention

I remember as a boy in my teens I this fact only because it illustrates the heard President Smith for the first time zeal, the energy, and the diligence with deliver a sermon in the Logan Taberwhich President Smith assumed his ANTOINB Ft. IVINS

nacle. The theme of his discourse was responsibilities in the ministry.

"Observance of the Sabbath Day."It When I left for Europe to take on

was a timely message because at that a great responsibility, one I felt that time, in Logan, particularly, there was was altogether too great for me to some controversy as to what extent assume, President Smith called me to

Sunday amusements should be comhis office. He gave me only a very

mercialized and carried on. President brief admonition, and I suspect he has

Smith's sermon was powerful. He given it to many. Said he, "Remember,

said, among other things, "Sabbath obBrother Sonne, give the Lord a servance is one of the great pillars of chance."I believe that admonition

civilization."I have thought of it remained with me throughout my mismany times, and I am sure as I have resion over in Europe. I'm not sure

flected upon it that President Smith that I needed it so much, for I was was right in his conclusions. very humble and prayerful in the work

Years later I heard him discuss be- I had to do, but the advice was so good fore an audience in the same place the and so sound, that I never forgot it. SeventyTen Commandments. As he often did, And I feel what success came from

our endeavors over in Europe during a crucial time was due in large measure to the help which we received from "Cabbath observance is one our Heavenly Father. &

I that so hope and pray And of the particuChurch, o[ the great pillars of members and the.—Mktc IK. Jrvit civilization."larly Priestthose the bear Holy who

effort OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY hood, will forth put the same leader great our has—President which demonGeorge Albert Smith strated in his life.

I recall at this moment a testimony BRETHREN AND SISTERS, I Crave faith in your I an interest and missionary which heard from a young MY as I testimony prayers in add the my Mission. French had but He

he referred to each one of these Comrecently arrived in the field. As he to those which have been borne to us

mandments, and after he had made his stood up, he said something like this: during this conference. I can in all

comments, he turned to the audience "My grandparents joined the Church propriety say that I conform fully to and said, "You may break these comin Southampton, England. Soon after all the tributes that have been paid to

mandments if you want to, but if you being baptized, they emigrated to Nauour late President. There are many

do, they will break you."I have never voo, Illinois. They bought a home and of you who knew him better than I

forgotten those words. expected to live there indefinitely. did and more intimately, but I did

And so, President Smith has brought "But,"said the missionary, "a mob know him and his sterling gualities. I

a vital message into the lives of each burned the home, and they were left have been on trips with him in the of us. When I was first called to the practically destitute. Then my grandreorganization of stakes and have met

position in the Church which I now parents loaded all of their earthly him on many other occasions rather hold, one of the first assignments given possessions on a handcart and pushed closely and have felt his love.

me was to the St. Johns and the Snowit over the plains to the Rocky Moun- I knew his father, as a matter of

flake stakes in Arizona. To my surtains. I thank God,"said this young fact I slept on the sands of Mexico

prise and to my delight, President man, "for the faith and the integrity, with his father and prepared his breakGeorge Albert Smith was to be my the determination and the conviction, fast and dinner for him along with my companion. We journeyed together which prompted my grandparents to uncle, President Grant, who recently

to St. Johns, where the conference was be thus faithful to their trust."Such passed away. I got out of my bed

held. During the afternoon session, a devotion has been characteristic of the many times for those brethren and

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have had more or less intimate associatalking during this conference, you'll our Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ, tion with them. I want to bear testimake an effort to do that very thing, which is the departing point between

mony to the fact that in my experifor that is your calling as long as you us and other Christian denominations.

ence, their purpose and motive has are in the seventies quorum in the MelThey must be taught the personality always been inspired of God. I am chizedek Priesthood, to bear testimony of God, the authority and the restoraglad that I was born in the Church to the restoration of the gospel of tion of the priesthood, and there is

because I don't know what might have Jesus Christ and to carry that testinobody else to do it. Now, you sevenhappened to me had I not been. I am mony to people who haven't yet heard ties, will you come and help us; I

glad for the testimony which my it. pray that God will give you the spirit

father inspired in me as to the truth I bear you my testimony that I know and open up the way for you to do of the gospel and for the example of the gospel is true. I feel without the it, which I do in the name of Jesus

service which he gave to me. shadow of a doubt the reality of God Christ. Amen.

In the month of June it will be twenty years since I read in the newsSSJSsES&SSS paper in Honolulu that I was appointed to preside over the Mexican

Mission and to become one of the

First Council of the Seventy. And in that twenty years I believe it has JLnal J'lvidima$

become no easier for me to stand here f- and bear my testimony, not that I RICHARD L. EVANS

don't have a testimony, but because I realize the importance of bearing that riTH the recent revision of a certain encyclopedia the it that brethren, testimony and to you W statement was made that scientific and other subjects will fall flat the gain unless I can

Spirit of God in it. There is, in the must frequently be reviewed and modified to keep abreast

gospel of Jesus Christ, a power that of the newest and latest knowledge-—which again brings

you can't realize any other place. It before us the fact that the field of man's knowledge is

all nathe barriers of breaks down all tionality, the ever being broadened, and that the minds of men must hatreds, of race and enmities that go between peoples beever be open for further facts and findings, and for recause of their selfishness, once we acvaluating, and even for abandoning, if necessary, some cept it into our lives and apply it. It of the theories and suppositions that have heretofore someis that love which was exemplified in times been accepted. Theories are useful as scaffolds in

lifethe President of our which makes it possible for us to receive unto us the building process; they are means to an end. But

the various nations of the world and scaffolds must not be mistaken for the structure itself.

forget the differences of nationality. I New discovery is constantly unseating concepts which

life experience thehave had in my Alto fundamental and final. be thought formerly ( were

life, short to going say butwas my is ago or a generation a decade from textbook most any it's three ten score next month), and of laboring with the Mexicans, and in part at least outdated. Everimproved instruments

the Maoris; the Hawaiians and the that man has made are constantly probing farther and

Filipinos; the Chinese, the Japanese, farther into the infinity of the universe, and the minds

the the Koreans; Portuguese andand

the Spanish, as as well of of men are ever moving more deeply into the areas that with some the other peoples, and I have seen them are all around us. And the more we learn the more we

come together and affiliate in a brothercome to learn how infinitely much we have yet to learn.

hood that you can't realize out of the And what we were once readily assured was the final of of LatterdayChurch Jesus Christ fields in word many

Saints. efits wonderful of Because

at final not the word weall—butare nowmerelyfrequentlythe bestassuredassumptionwas of its espeople, becausefect upon

sentiality to their exaltation, we have that someone could make from the evidence then avail- a tremendous obligation to carry that able. And often there is contradiction and variance even

message to the world. among the experts and among authorities in many fields,

I stand before you as a representaand there are many inconclusive controversies. And much

tive in the of the group Melchizedek little compared very we know know, know that we as we that especial hasPriesthood which the circumstances, such great unknown. rewith the Undersponsibility. of the Right now, because

national emergency that we are facing, only tenable course is to keep an open mind for truth, the flow of young men into the mission whenever and wherever it is found and wherever it leads field has been very, very greatly refor truth is an harmonious whole even though man someit, I think as ofduced. And quite times sees it in various confusing fields and fragments.naturally, of I think of twenty an army

thousand seventies, every one of whom But if we reserve judgment where the field seems to be is pledged to the service of his God confused, if we reserve dogmatic declarations until such and of his fellow men, and I wonder times as we have more light, many needless timeconsuming if that of get from group can we men controversies will resolve themselves. And in the meanshall recruits the that need wenow

to carry on this missionary work. It time, we shan't stand in danger of having to reverse ouris true that there are many men in selves by reason of having dogmatically declared some

the field at the present time, but they supposition that was far from final.

are coming home rapidly, and their out. are not goingreplacements You

seventies, of thinkbrethren of the it, "7/Jhe spoken—poteen vl/ordWord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

and if you can arrange your affairs PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADso as to do it, tell your bishops that CASTING SYSTEM, APRIL 1. 1951

you are ready, that you would like to go. Now, if you love your fellows

in the spirit in which we have been

JUNE 1951 457

DAVID 0. MKAY... PORTRAIT OF A PRESIDENT

( Concluded from page 403 1934, to serve as second counselor father's fathers; his steady and apthan President McMurrin or any to President Grant, following the praising gaze, and the light in his

other man how truly he had spoken. death of President Anthony W. eyes and the changes in his everWith the resolve then and there to Ivins. He distinguished himself in expressive face; the broad shoulders

keep the faith, for there was born that position, being chosen again to and the long, firm stride as he pur- a desire to be of service to my felserve as such by President George posefully walks from place to place;

low men, and with it the realizaAlbert Smith, in 1945, and during the wonderful head of silvered hair;

tion or a glimpse at least of what this time he added to his Church his encouragement, his confidence,

I owed to the elder who first carresponsibilities many civic assignand his consideration; and his faith

ried the message of the restored ments, one of the most formidable and his firmness.

gospel to my grandfather and of which was the chairmanship of And as I have been privileged to grandmother, who had accepted the the Utah Centennial Commission, thumb through a few pages covermessage years before in the north which was appointed in 1938, and ing a brief period of press clippings of Scotland,"in which capacity he served until and personal mementos and proSince then, his missionary career after the affairs of the Centennial grams in which he has participated, has continued, next, with a unique were completed, following the 1947 my eyes have been all but unbeassignment in 1921 to make an of-. celebration. lieving as to the variety and intenficial visit to all the missions of the The loving companion of all these sity of his activities: programs from

Church throughout the world which, years since January 2, 1901, has farewells and press notices from with his companion, Elder Hugh J. been Emma Ray Riggs McKay, a funerals at which he spoke; reports

Cannon, he accomplished (with the quietly competent and graciously of public functions in which he exception of South Africa), travellovely lady, who has shared many participated, appearances on college ing some 62,500 miles in thirteen experiences with him, and who has campuses and high school and semmonths including travel on every faithfully refrained from sharing inary graduating classes, and at ocean except the Arctic. President much that she might have shared as other institutions; a Mother's Day

McKay was the first of the General she has stayed home to rear, to address before a civic group, diffiAuthorities of the Church to visit nurture, and to teach their seven cult letters graciously and comphrein- of that the places weremany to advice hensively answered; sons two daughand children—five this itinerary, the imcluded on and perplexing on seminary teachers living. are And ters—six of whom

pressions he left upon the people of of those living, all have been graduproblems in personally and carethese remote lands have lasted until ated from the University of Utah fully prepared replies; thoughtfully

this time, and are symbolized by a and all four sons have filled faithorganized addresses on the problems erected at Apia, Samoa,monument problems on public youth and for ful missions the Church—and of in commemorationMay 31, 1921 matters, as temporal and on many children: of these are their

President McKay's visit, and where well as on the great truths of etermeetings are still held each year. David Lawrence McKay, Dr. nity; letters of profound appreciaRiggs Llewellyn McKay, Royal

this his after return from Soon he had the sick tion from whom (deceased), Mrs. Riggs McKay tour, in to preside letters a call him to came blessed; to young men Lou Jean Blood, Mrs. Emma Raeover the European Mission (which military service and to young peothen included detailed responsibility Ashton, Dr. Edward Riggs McKay, ple who are puzzled as to the and Robert Riggs McKay. for the British Mission ) and on this future; and writings—numerous

mission he was accompanied by his President and Sister McKay obwritings—for magazines, for the

wife and family. Service in this served their fiftieth wedding anniauxiliaries, lessons for the Sunday

assignment continued until his reversary on January 2, 1951—after Schools and others; a book entitled

lease in December 1924. half a century of sweet and underAncient Apostles; and tender letters

He has since been a foremost standing association. And much as of fatherly affection giving evidence

factor in missionary work, as a this family have shared their husof a fulness and fineness of family member and later as head of the band and father with others, they life.

missonary committee. He was inhave also kept him close to themAnd with all this surpassing presstrumental in organizing the misselves in their hearts and their sure, I have never seen him impasionary home and has had a large homes in an affection of close kintient at interruption in his office; he

part in shaping mission policies and ship. is always the gracious host, equally

missionary methods. May we retouch this incomplete gracious to the humble as to the

The years of his activity in the portrait with a few points of pergreat.

Council of the Twelve (1906 to sonal impression—the point of his Thus has his life been filled with

1934) were filled with many aspresence in his office in the very earservice these seventyseven years signments, some of which have ally morning hours, and on almost any and thus has he been richly preready been indicated, with a wide day long after conventional closing pared for his present responsibilities.

variety of responsibilities, all pretime; his delightful laugh and his May he have wisdom and guidance

paring him for a place in the First quick and keen and always kindly and inspiration, and strength and

Presidency, in response to the call humor; his reading of a bit of health and endurance, equal to

that came to him at the general "Bobby"Burns, or the telling of a every decision and demand that conference of the Church in October Scotch story in the dialect of his faces him in these difficult times.

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Highlights in the Life of President David 0. McKay

mini iiiiniiiiiiiiiii in m ii inn imiiiiiii i iiiiiiiiin mm imiii i iiiinu nun i ilium in u mum i iiimi niiiimiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii in iiiiliiiiniinii

president of the fol- 8, September 1951—Elected 1873—Born at Huntsville, Utah, the son of David and Jennette April

institutions: lowing McKay. Evans

September 8, 1881—Baptized by Peter Geertsen at Huntsville, Utah. Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

1897—Graduated from University of Utah and president and valedictorian Utah First National Bank.

of his class. Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Co.

August 1, 1897-—Ordained a seventy and set apart as a missionary to Heber J. Grant & Co.

Great Britain by President Seymour B. Young. Utah Home Fire Insurance Co.

September 10, 1 899—Returned home from that mission, having labored in Utah Hotel Company

Scotland; from March 1898 as president of the Glasgow District. Zion's Securities Company

September 1899—Began teaching at the Weber Stake Academy (now Z. C. M. I.

18991906—SecondWeber College),AssistantOgden,Superintendent,Utah. Weber (Utah) Stake, Sunday PresidentUtahIdahoMcKaySugarpreviouslyCo. served as

School. President of the Layton Sugar Company January 2, 1901—Married Emma Ray Riggs. in which position he continues.

Academy. 17, of Weber April 1902—Became Principal

Joseph F. Smith. by President April an Apostle 9, 1906—Ordained

October 6, 1906—Sustained as Second Assistant Superintendent, Deseret iniiinmmiiiiiimiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiii n

1906—MemberSunday Schoolof ChurchUnion.Board of Education. April 4, 1909—Sustained as First Assistant Superintendent, Deseret Sunday

1914—PresidentSchool Union.of Ogden Betterment League. Tributes Paid President September 19, 1915—Laid the cornerstone of the Alberta Temple at Cardston. November 27, 1918October 1934—General Superintendent Deseret Sunday George Albert Smith

School Union.

February 1918—His book, Ancient Apostles, came from the press. ( Continued [com page 405

of Education. Commissioner May 9, 19191921—Church his of the members own Church. S. to tour of L. D. a world 1, 1920December 24, 1921—Made December of peoof thousands Literally hundreds except States of South fields outside United visiting the Missions,

Africa, traveling 62,500 miles. ple throughout the United States, and

in the knew West, who the land of China for the preaching of the particularly January 9, 1921—Dedicated

his great work, or of him personally gospel. restored

April 23, 1921—Received the gift of the Maori tongue while addressing loved the man for his deep sincerity

Saints at Puketapu, Huntly, Waikato, in New Zealand. and his kind Christian spirit of tolerMay 31, 1921—Monument erected at Apia, Samoa in commemoration of ance and helpfulness. He literally loved

President 1921 -October July McKay's1922—Membervisit. of the board of regents, University of themuchpeoplesof his oflifetheas world.a missionaryHe devotedteachUtah. counof to Christ ing the gospel many (honorary), degree Brigham of Arts Master a 2, June 1922—Received he capacity that tries world. the In of Young the of traveler. a Most world was Mission, succeedof the president European as 3, November University.1922—Called in life spent his of mature was period Whitney. Elder Orson F. ing

that although service, and first conference held in the name of the Armenian Church January 1924—Attended

his demands on heavy service made Aleppo, Syria. Mission,

December 1924—Released as president of the European Mission. time, he served in many other capaciMay 28, 1931—Elected President of the Weber College Alumni Associaties.

tion. Mr. President, in the passing of that

February 18, 1932—Elected Chairman for Utah Council for Child Health and humble, kindly man, George Albert

Protection at its organization following the White House Conference Smith, the nation has lost, for this life

Child on spiritual its greatest of at least, one as Second Counselor in the First Presidency October 6, 1934—SustainedWelfare. greatest patriots. its of leaders one and President (to Heber J. Grant).

October 11, 1934—Set apart as Second Counselor in the First Presidency. October 31, 1934—Released as General Superintendent, Deseret Sunday Senator Wallace F. Bennett (Utah):

is too, heart, with myself 19381947—ChairmanSchool Union. of Utah State Centennial Commission. heavyMr. todayPresident,as I associatemy October 26, 1940—Laid the cornerstone of the Idaho Falls Temple. the senior Senator from Utah in ex1940-41—Member, board of trustees, Utah State Agricultural College. pressing our sense of loss and sorrow

of the has Committee State of passing Advisory the American Red at this man who Utah 1942—Chairman,

Protection. Health of Child and Council Utah spiritual of the Cross; Chairman, leader Church the been

May 21, 1945—Sustained and set apart as Second Counselor in the First to which we both belong. It was my

Presidency (to President George Albert Smith). privilege to work intimately with him

May 14, 1947—Became member of Newcomen Society. during the past four or five years, and

to apthat association come I have a Doctor of Laws degree (honorary) Utah State in June 2, 1950—Received qualities the great preciate human College. Agricultural

the to carry the him power gave which the the of of President Council Twelve. as September 1950—Sustained bore. responsibilities was he which He the of the of President Twelve. as Council apart 5, October 30,1950—Set soul. had kindly gentleman, a very He the a of the of President as Church members 8, by April 1951—Sustained fine judgment. great courage He and Salt in the Patriarch, the meeting Lake and of the. Twelve Council leadership, outstanding his people gave Temple.

in will very miss much him they and of the the President as Church priesthood by 9, and April 1951—Sustained ahead. years the the in in Assembly, Tabernacle. Solemn meeting members

as President set apart of the Church and by April 12, 1951—Ordained the whereverIt is a peoplesorrowfulof ourdayfaithin Utahare gathand President with that Joseph Fielding Smith of of the Twelve, Council

body acting as mouth. ered together today. With the senior

I the before stand from Senator Utah editor senior Era. Improvement of The April 1951—Became heart a and Senate with heavy bowed University. of trustees, Brigham of board Young April 16,1951—President head.

iiiiiiiinMiiiiiiitiiiiiin i iiiiiiiiiiiiii nun mum i iiiiiiiiiiiiinmiiiiii in iiiiiiiii mill liiiiniii Jiimi n 1 1 1 1 i M 1 1 1 1 iiiiinii i n iiiiimiii (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1951 459 Tributes Paid President

George Albert Smith Come and Get Them!

(Continued from preceding page)

vania fall, ): Mrs. Martin and I had the A Free Guide SenatorLast Edward Martin (Pennsylprivilege interview with of an

It Smith. a real inspiraof Intermountain highPresident was

Attractions tionconfrontingto discussAmericawith himand theto problemshave the benefit of his great wisdom.

Through long years of observing the

This booklet proved so popular trends of our country he had accumulast year that we have published lated a fund of facts possessed by few men. a new 1951 edition—even more He was a distinguished churchman.

complete than the previous issue. He was a distinguished American. He

A copy is yours for the asking. lovedwhich andhavepractisedmade Americaall of thethe idealsoutstanding nation of all time.

In these troubled times, when men are attracted to the selfish and material

President things, need men of we Also - New Free justice, courage, and Smith's

Fishing Calendar! Senator Herman Welker (Idaho).faith.

George Albert Smith was the stalwart champion of everything that was good...

He was a kindly, sweet man. I would

This shows the best days for fishthat all the people of the world could ing. It's based on the moon and have known him as we of the West

fellow his him. men He loved knew its phases and is in handy pocket ardently, he and and sincerely, deeply

size. in turn, sought their love. It was a

blessing to all of us in the West who knew him that members of all other faiths who knew him admired that

the long remember world will The the great leaderinspiration and See Your UTOCO Dealer for greatgreat person.

Superior Products and Service Weship needthat Georgemore peopleAlbertlikeSmithhim ingave.the

world today.

to of Idaho say farewell people The has gained Before going on your trip, drive in to your neighborhood this man. great world The

Utoco dealer for complete car service—and everywhere in the new luster by his life.

Intermountain area, you'll find Utoco service and products.

Senator George W. Malone

(Nevada): 42nd Year of Progress Mr.In Smitnevery field,was thethe headChurchhadof awhichdeep

interest in good government. His

church had—and still has—a plan

which proved most beneficial during

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY the socalled depression which lasted from 1930 to World War II, of supplementing and storing supplies and looking ahead for such things as depressions and lack of work for its peoPROFITABLE DAYS ple, so that practically none of the

AHEAD FOR SEND YOUR FRIENDS beenmembersknownof thatto begreaton reliefChurchor tohasparticever

AT HOME OR ABROAD ipate in an organization which logically could be charged with accepting QUISH charity from the United States governGRADUATES IMPROVEMENT ment.

Capitalize on QUISH You'll training nowl be a Following are a few of the yet competent beautician when graduated. proQUISH telegrams unnumbered and letters ERA vides technical with you of the great Church One skill received famSmith's gained knowledge and by President ENROLL

25 SEND FOR ily, of the magazines Church: World and the NOW inFREE TODAY1 years.CATALOG

SCHOOL OP The death of your father causes me

BERUTV 33t SOUTHCULTUREMAIN $2.50 a year $3.00 foreign greatwas mypersonalfriend andsorrow.the grandsonHe not onlyof a

friend of my grandfather, but I looked460 m THE IMPROVEMENT ERA upon him as one of our country's great moral leaders. Mrs. Truman joins me

in extending sympathy in your bereavement.

Harry S. Truman

President of the United States

Mrs. Dewey joins me in sending our

deepest sympathy to you and your loss of great yourfamily in the dispresses father. a greattinguished was man He

and spiritual force for good in our

All of uscountry and the world. who like trains of his friendship were the privilegehad

enriched by it. I know you will be

greatly comforted in these days by thecountless people who will be sharing must run on time your grief and also your satisfaction in the great leadership your father gave.

Thomas E. Dewey Keeping pace with progress means running

Governor of the State of New York on schedule in The Salt Lake Tribune, beis constantly The leadership of George Albert cause this world we live in

Smith in the conservation and developmaking history. And when The Tribune

ment of the natural resources of the

West for the benefit of humanity is comes to your home each morning, wherwell known. Like the other great leaders of your Church, he has a keen inever you live in the Intermountain west,

desert as theterest "blossom in making you receive factual, upto-theminute covlast discussed yearthe rose"and only with me personally plans for the upper:ri erage of events all over the globe, brought

Colorado River development as another step in this great effort. We, in to The Tribune by all these great newsjoin of Reclamation, withthe Bureau

of the passing a gathering organizations... ASSOCIATED in mourningyou

great man. PRESS, INTERNATIONAL NEWS AGENCY,

Michael W. Straus

Commissioner Bureau of Reclamation ifaiittl CHICAGO DAILY NEWS SERVICE, NEW

YORK DAILY NEWS SERVICE, NEW YORK

The world lost one of its great spiritual leaders and humanitarians in TIMES SERVICE,, UNITED PRESS, CHICAGO the death of your beloved president,

George Albert Smith. I shall always TRIBUNE PRESS SERVICE.

treasure the afternoon he spared me for a visit in Washington last year, and mourn with you and the members of your Church in his passing.

Oscar Chapman Secretary of the. Interior The Salt Lake Tribune

in radio over Just heard faraway ONE OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS of passing President of the Tonga

Smith. Sympathy extended.

President Evan W. Huntsman

All missionaries and members in

South African Mission join Sister

Wright and me in extending our heartat the passing of Presifelt sympathy An almost indispensable book Smith. dent George Albert

President Evan P. Wright for every L. D.S. Home Library

The veterans of foreign wars of the

United States join with all loyal

Americans in expressing sincere sympathy in the loss of President George GOSPEL STANDARDS

Albert Smith, a man who exemplified By President Heber J. Grant

the finest ideals of Americanism giving so freely of his time and talents to the youth of America and in promoting Every Church home will find that this volume speaks with brotherly love and understanding among all men regardless of race, inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom. With full

creed, or color.

Clarence T. Smedly 4-color portrait.

Department Commander Tames R. Russell At your bookstore—$2.25

Department Adj.

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1951 461 Tributes Paid President

George Albert Smith

{Continued from preceding page)

In the passing of your father, the

Church, the world, and the Scout movement have lost a great leader. On

behalf of the National Council, I extend sincerest condolences in your bereavement. We have indeed lost a

true friend.

Arthur A. Schuck

Chief Scout Executive

Deeply distressed at the death of

President Smith. We will miss him as

deepest as a citizen. a friend and My

Design for comfortable sitting... associates to and your sympathy you

seating upholstered crafted Beautifully and comfortably by and to the family.

pleasure an added church going makes Salt Lake Cabinet at the new Bonneville Ward and Stake House. You'll find E. Roland Harriman

our seating and fixtures in scores of new L. D S. buildings. President American National

"Red Cross Salt Lake Cabinetinland Fixture Co. The loss of George Albert Smith

136 South West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah takes from the American scene a man whose qualities of heart and mind and soul were ever enlisted for the betterment of all. This hardworking, humble, pious man, spiritual leader of a

great faith through the years was an especial friend of children stricken by MINER polio and other afflictions. He will X indeed be mourned yet will be en-

:*5RN. shrined in the memories and rememin the prayers of all who knew bered

him. loved MIKE saps. *<rm and m The National Foundation for

"Glad you live in America—I am. Infantile Paralysis

Just think - for five hours'work, a Utah miner earns enough to buy a good I was distressed to learn of the passAlbert father, George ing of your It miner Russian pair 65 takes of shoes. a

to Sr., extend to I want and Smith, shoes. to pair hours of Russianmade earn a expressions family your and my is you this for of The reason a difference whale in great your sympathy deepest of

simply our free American system of profits loss.

and production, plus the use of equipment While I realize that words are of paid for out of savings."little value at a time like this, I hope

you will gain some consolation from

UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION knowingadmirers throughoutthat his manythe worldfriends shareand your sorrow with you. He was loved

and respected by all, and his inspirato the religious contributions tional Quick, Easy Way to oeet world will be lasting.

I is to be of can anything do If there Makes Mom #, si My STOP to hesitate SMOKING not please assistance, do WONMRFVL "IT PAYS"DOESN'T COSTIT me. with communicate

effort, stop with can no smoking you Now Jetty and Jam first easily, comfortably, very the day—or Hoover Edgar

recent medical your refunded. The money Investigation of Bureau J.Federal discovery read have—about you NICOSTOP, guaranteed absolutely harmless, nontoxic, nonhabit forming. Endorsed by

church physicians leaders. sucUsed and UniBrigham Young thousand Four

cessfully thousands. druggist's your At by loss of our* the students versity mourn or free today for mail coupon information

loved inspiration. about available sizes and moneyback greatest mortal We guarantee. his great because of President Smith

Dept. A, Calif. NICOSTOP, Saint Helena, spirit, exrighteous soul, and

prices. free Please send information and Jfia*s him. of better because are ample. kindlyWe Name MORE FOR YOUR MONEY; life his wonderful of the memory May

Address future of inspire thousands to continue

City State Brigham Young University students.

CANADIAN GENEALOGY Brigham Young University

Write for sample of "PEDIGREE"Student Body

IN THE GOSPEL NET (A Genealogical Quarterly)

I am By Elder John A. Widtsoe Mr. G. T. Heath Upon my return from the East

Box 456, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. deeply grieved to learn of the passing At your bookdealers—$1.75 of your noble father and my good

46? THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

friend. He was one of the finest men

I have ever known and a patriotic citizen whom our country can ill afford to accept MUSTANG! lose. Please deepest my Western ActionType BED SPREADsympathy and all of A Real for you members

your family. My thoughts and prayers

will be much with you these days.

THAN MORE -iJ5p>'s2t, R. Kleinsmid *- B. Von N *"t%& 100 WELL University of Southern California

. HEAVY, EXTRA **.., CATTLE -. KNOWN f

< <& * 'SUPER QUALITY &?<$?.: **toKj\jrjfifrI.fy BRANDS DONE **| V

SHEETING PALOMINO, RUST, N CHENILLEDES ERT In humility and profound personal OF L *f[$*C? &>%ff *$jf7 $ \\jfe

tribute to the paysorrow, we late TAN COLORING **>& gf<$ $ *&/* President Albert George Smith of The % tuy ofChurch Christ wo of Jesus Latterday $ A < % LIFET 'MEIN RIDER 4Saints. personal loss sense of Our "gh % JUST ilX is WITH COLORS OFheightened his appreciation fine, of by ORDINARY U 1L$,\ir1 V|k\W NONFADINGuseful, life. kindly and believer and CARE! A JMV* PERMANENT W> S|f for all in bestworker the His men. DYES! Jt. 4g|k!Sinfluence for has good been worldwide. The continued high standing of

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is a monument to his mem- A unique high quality bed spread which will withstandory.

A. E. Stoddard repeated washings without losing its beauty and requires no ironing.

President Union Pacific Railroad Ideal for the ranch house den man or boys'room reception room or just for gifts.

Make up your own individual brand and have it added

Western Air Lines sends its tribute at only $1.00 extra per spread.

to our beloved friend President Double bed size 90 x 105 inches..$14.95

George Albert Smith who for many Twin bed size 14.95

years was a director of Western Air Twin sizes per pair 28.95

Lines spirit in a guiding and the deREPRESENTED REFUNDED AS OR MONEY GUARANTEEDvelopment of air transportation in the for free booklet showing request other unique spreads to money order or Send check orWest. friendly His help wise and

counsel throughout the years have been CHENILLE TEXAS 338 MANUFACTORYGRANDVIEW, TEXAS DRAWERcompany. an inspirationWe shallto missus allhimin verythis

much.

T. C. Drinkwater

President Western Air Lines THERE IS A GOOD REASON Deeply distressed over your bereavement. State of WHY THERE ARE OVER 190 I know the whole

Utah has suffered a grievous loss.

Your father carried an historic burden:::'S:

with foresight and courage. I had

looked forward eagerly to his counsel and friendship. Please know I amthinking of you and keeping you in my HAMMOND

prayers.

Richard S. Watson

Episcopal Bishop Elect of Utah ORGANS

To you and President McKay, as well as to all members of the Mormon faith and to the people of the state of all in general, of us in Utah United IN L. D. S. CHAPELS! Steel States of send a message deep

after year! year everyday being used the death of your great on sympathy

is the reason And citizen, leader Albert and George its 1. less equal. other organ than any Costs It has fortune Smith. been our good

less other 2. organ. than any room up Takes recent to during years and work know It play. to 3. is easy

with President Smith in connection 4. Always in tune—never needs tuning.

with our steel operations in your great 5. Average upkeep less than $4.00 per year.

state. All of us have come to respect it at any of our stores or write for information—greatly President Smith,—See and admire

not only for his unselfish devotion to the interests of the Mormon Church, but also for his fine human qualities GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO.

and for his desire to advance the wel- -3 BIG STORES fare of Utah. You have lost a great 2546 Washington Blvd. 74 So. Main St. 57 No. University St.

leader and citizen and we a true friend. OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO

Irving S. Olds

Chairman Board of Directors United States Steel Corp.

JUNE 1951 463 eieuHec

fairs and in presiding positions for thirty years. I have assobeenPresident MeRay Explains Policy in Choosing Aides overciated in President with Clark two

(The following talk was preof the Church to let the president name quorums of the First Presidency for sented at the solemn assembly on his counselors. over sixteen years. With these and

in facts other the mind, question arose Anticipating that the the Council of 9, April 1951, Monday, following to as the in order they should occupy to grant that would Twelve same me the presentation Church Auof this quorum. new privilege, I thoughtfully prayerand thorities the susofficers and for

I is love. fully Each Each considered man man what would two men taining the vote congregation.) of lines, in his particular capable helpful and be contributive most and most

to the advancement of the Church. particularly with respect to the welfare of I the advancement and kingdom sure, diimpression came, The am the further with proceeding of God. rectlyBefore this from Church whose Him

I this session, exercises of am is, it, presides I that the over and who that realized there a be would in to a say answer prompted word this counselors have you in question the as whom of to minds some is twoto question undoubtedly a which the approved should day other be of the should which one be two chosenin minds. of Particuevery your one of the First of first members the as Quorum recounselor. question Thatlarly those to not of the members Presidency. are Both of the itself first in members solved as the to mind my to of theChurch, and Church members the Council of Twelve, counthough order of in seniority precedence, the I call the well, toas attention may selors might have chosen been from of the Council Apostles. Twelve That thepolicy to regard of with Church priests high that outside presiding difference should according no make of counselors.the choosing body. the to practice of the Church, because

When a president is chosen and sus- I chose these two members from the members of the Council had heretotained (that includes the president of Council of the Twelve—two men with fore been chosen irrespective of the

the Aaronic Priesthood who is the whom I have labored closely for many position a member occupied in the bishop of a ward, also presidents of years, whose worth, whose ability I Council of the Twelve. And, as I have

quorums or superintendents or presiknow. I have been associated with already said, high priests have been

dents of auxiliaries) it is the practice Elder Richards directly in Church afchosen even as first counselors who were not members of the Council.

I felt that one guiding principle in this choice would be to follow the seniority in the Council, These two sitting their in places were in that mjpaMBiagy.-: ffjaffggSBMMMMBl MBB! men

'- am l**MABWWmHRa i p. * Si<f in presiding the body Church, and

* *'* P I felt impressed that it would be advisable to continue that same seniority in the new quorum of the First Presi-

I 'V dency. repeat, as not established an C 6

: ':%''* $... fM j&..- &.S $T J* it policy, but because adseemed::..:--'*s '.-. ftMPftJil*"*:

C.j j| in visable of relationclose view I!i2. MSfcywjfSH my vB? '* "

5 '"':::v % ': * <, isto "''i.jm";"pf> ship leaders. choice HL&* two

''., r # /* I this mention because do Nowto these we to

not want any member in this Church, it nor any man or woman listening in, to

I for the harbor thought a that moment *"* rift there has been any the between i It""rk,k, 'V - Bj! counselors sustained Presitwo who &Hi t- tol f.:: s, IrTto. m in dent the First Smith the of Quorum

LfiSf W'i 'if j Presidency, President for and Grant

Ifc tofft to1 'the that years together were with we

:,...-.. III toSi?&f *t 'ilthat inspired leader. fcto* should Neither

*v - 'i| &->:.:.. >-.. you feel that there is any demotion.

is a wonderful servant. 'rTf&fi J>.'/t> President Clark "i You have had demonstrated here this morning his ability in carrying out

'. Hi everythingdetails, andpertaininghe is just tothatthe efficientwork. in

You should understand further that in the counselorship of the of Quorum "f- '. the First Presidency, these two men are

coordinate in authority, in love, and in confidence, freedom to make sugto'"'"'-: f&"&:&$&V:":; & gestions recommendations, and and

1 inQuorumtheir responsibilitybut also to notthe onlyLord toJesusthe

Christ and to the people generally.

They are two great men. I love

1 them both and say God bless them and 1 give you the assurance that there will 1 be harmony and love and confidence in the Quorum of the First Presidency as you have sustained them today.

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA action of the Council of the Twelve "... and call a Solemn Assembly"and the Patriarch, but because of

the influenza epidemic, the general assembly conference solemn and the until 1, 1919; not heldTHEcometermto "solemnmean a spiritualassembly"feast,has assemblyThe patternin whichof thePresidentrecent solemnDavid were June

an outpouring of the Spirit, a O. McKay was sustained as prophGeorge Albert Smith, who was susnever-tobe forgotten experience for et, seer, and revelator, and ninth tained by the Council of the Twelve

those Latterday Saints who are President of the Church, which and the Patriarch in May 1945, and fortunate enough to be in attendance most of us witnessed in person, by the solemn assembly as part of on such occasions. listened to by raidio, saw on telethe October 1945 general conferIn the revelation called by the vision, or read about, dates back ence; and David O. McKay, who

Prophet Joseph "the 'olive leaf to the sustaining of President John was sustained in the most recent which we have plucked from the Taylor in that ofFice at the October solemn assembly, April 9, 1951, havTree of Paradise, the Lord's mes1880 general conference. ing been sustained by the Twelve

sage of peace to us,"(D. H, C. The priesthood and membership and the Patriarch the previous day.

said people the to ) the Lord 1: 316 in of the seated then were Church for the assembly solemn Theat Kirtland: their sections. specified Taber- (The of President sustaining of a new this place, in ye, tarry ye "Tarry in in seatnacle 1880 adequate was is to inspiring thing the an Church call assembly, a even solemnand to ing for capacity years come in experience humbling first witness—a laborers are the thoseof who there twentyfive than fewer were is truly participate. to which Here lastin this (D. C. kingdom."& time, in that at stakes the Church of strength the the Church—the88:70.) of the the Church and membership the then and priesthood members in later, chastisSeveral months at has estimated 160,000.) been their with Church membership—all a theing Church, commandment in meeting, each the group During "'in unison. free

.., agency—acting that should given youwas its called to turn stand and was

call your solemn assembly, that your sustain the First Presidency, the fastings and your mourning might Council of the Twelve, the Patricome up into the ears of the Lord of arch, and then the members of these Saviors on Mount Zion is interpretation,Sabaoth, which by seers, prophets, as and quorums often visit the temples who HPhose first bethe day, the creator ofthe revelators Last of the Church. of the of are laws reminded and

(Ibid., the 95:7.) end."ginning and the for pattern April the same usually are consecration sacrifice and

A great solemn assembly was solemn assembly, excepting seating, outstanding in their loyalty to the held in the newly completed House was followed as in October 1880; Church. It is recognized, of course,

of the Lord at Kirtland. (The but one additional incident of that that all Saints receiving temple recdedicatory prayer offered therein 1880 assembly was that President ommends must be complying with the

mentions "solemn assembly"twice, George Q. Cannon of the First highest standards of the Church.

D. & C. 109:6, 10.) Here, on April Presidency held in his hand the However, the spirit attending temple

participants such has workers and of washing6, the ordinance 1836, of Doctrine book Covenants and instilling of purification of and power in, the feetof and engaged was of the Pearl Price Great which and the teachings of Jesus devotion through the of the gradesestablishing of reprinted. recently been had The benefit its Christ, importance that and of priesthood thedifferent quorums enDoctrine Covenants, and overemphasized. cannot be

carried forward. C. ( See D. H.was in until then 1876, with larged responsibilthe important Among ff.)2:475 the revelations littleknown of ities the resting Melchizedek upon

At least one solemn assembly has Prophet Joseph and his successor, Priesthood of the Church is that of been held in the upper rooms of Brigham Young, in 1879 had been performing temple ordinances for those the Salt Lake Temple. This was printed with footnotes. President who have entered the spirit world.

during the administration of PresiCannon asked for and received the It is vital, therefore, that all who are dent Lorenzo Snow. Six hundred vote of the conference to accept the blessed with the Holy Melchizedek

fortythree were in attendance, inbooks and their contents as being Priesthood live worthy of entering the cluding some invited guests of from God, and "binding upon us as temples and secure for themselves the the auxiliary organizations of the a people and as a Church."blessings bestowed therein. Certainly

Church. The priesthood representif the temple ordinances are so vitally

ing every stake and most of the Following the sustaining of other important for those who have departed wards in the Church had been officers, the sacrament was adminfrom mortality, they are nonetheless assembled at ten in the morning istered to the throngs assembled in necessary for the living who are made

Lord. the of the of powerof that Sunday fast day, July 2, the Tabernacle. partakers

privileged reto been have Those who 1898. The subject of that solemn This same general procedure of ceive these blessings for themselves

assembly was the reaffirmation of voting in solemn assembly, by the should not shirk the opportunity and the principle of tithing. Newspaper priesthood quorums and by the responsibility of enabling others to

reports were sketchy as to what had membership, has been followed share such glorious promises with them.

transpired but noted that the meetwhenever a new President of the Stake presidencies and quorum presing lasted until 7:20 p. m. That Church has been called: Wilford idencies are urged to emphasize these

solemn assembly was one of the Woodruff on April 7, 1889; Lomatters to the priesthood membership

highlights of President Lorenzo renzo Snow in 1898; Joseph F. over whom they preside and set a perSnow's short term as President of Smith in 1901; Heber J. Grant, who sonal example of participation which

the Church. was sustained in November 1918 by others may do well to emulate.

JUNE 1951 465 rr".... A-—

igpF -M7\ ij a, Uds?l1 PFlla -Miii

Title Changes and New Offices in Aaronic Priesthood Program Announced

Touring the bishop's conference held instructions of the bishopric at all turned in the promotion of this proin the Tabernacle, April 6, Pretimes. gram.

siding Bishop LeGrand Richards and The coordinator will have superviBishop Thorpe B. Isaacson announced sion over quorum advisers and assist Ward Committee For

some changes in title designation for them in every possible way in their Adult Members Of Aaronic workers in the Aaronic Priesthood prowork. He will supervise the newly Priesthood

grams and new offices to be filled as appointed secretary of the ward On the ward level in the program follows: Aaronic Priesthood committee. He for adult members of the Aaronic

will oversee for the bishopric the Priesthood, the former "group adStake Aaronic Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood social and fraterviser"on the ward committee is now

Committee nal program, both the overall and the the "coordinator."His responsibiliquorum features thereof, of course in ties remain the same as heretofore.

The "executive chairman"of the full cooperation with quorum presiAll "assistant group advisers"are stake Aaronic Priesthood committee dencies and quorum advisers. now designated "group advisers,"with

will hereafter be designated "vicethe same responsibilities. It is recomchairman."His duties and responsiStake Committee For mended there be one group adviser for

bilities remain the same as heretofore. Adult Members Of Aaronic every five adult members of the

Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood.

Ward Aaronic Priesthood The title "executive chairman"on The offices on the ward committee

Committee the stake committee for adult memformerly designated "group chairman;

bers of the Aaronic Priesthood is first assistant; second assistant,"ocThe title "general secretary"is changed to "vicechairman."His duties cupied by adult members of the

changed to "coordinator."It has been and responsibilities remain unchanged. Aaronic Priesthood, are eliminated. Let

felt for a long time that the title The designations "first assistant"it be emphasized that extreme care "general secretary"was not sufficientand "second assistant"as members of should be used in releasing the brethly descriptive of the duties and rethe stake committee are eliminated and ren holding these three positions in sponsibilities of this office. As "coin their places are four "advisers,"with order to avoid offense.

ordinator"the appointee will now be the following designated responsibilimore nearly what it has always been ties: (1) organization; (2) personal New Handbooks

intended he should be in the Aaronic visits; (3) cottage and group meetAvailable Soon

Priesthood work. ings; projects recreation. and (4) handbooks: Aaronic new (1) Two is, in sense every coordinator The additions changes These and should Priesthood Handbook; Handbook (2) the to bishop term,of the an assistant strengthen the stake and, committee Leaders the Adult for Members of of full in his counselors the andand less therefore, leave far unground will Priesthood, Aaronic ready be soon the program.overall of promotion

Hereafter, except in very small wards for distribution. The new handbooks

and branches, he is not to be required will bring both programs upto-date to do the secretarial work of the comTHINK IT OVER and provide more explicit instruction mittee; a new secretary is to be apWhen a boy fails, there is one for all workers.pointed for this work. While he canfailure—but wr en a leader fails. Please do not order handbooks until

not take the place of the bishopric as his failure is multiplied in every you are notified of their availability the presidency of the Aaronic Priestboy neglected. and are furnished with special order

hood, he is to coordinate the program—L. A. P. blanks for specifying the number

in all of its features and carry out the needed.

LAGRANDE FIRST WARD, UNION STAKE, ADVANCES THIRTEEN ADULT MEMBERS TO MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

Thirteen adult members of the Aaronic

Priesthood have been ordained to the

Melchizedek Priesthood during the past two years in the LaCrande First Ward,

Union (Oregon) Stake.

Six of the members have taken their families to the temple for sealing ordinances and others in the group are planning a similar experience in the immediate future.

Several of them and some of their wives are working faithfully in both ward and stake positions.

Bishop Walter A. Lindsay, Horace J.

Nielson, adviser, and William A. Roundy,

assistant adviser, have labored faithfully to produce this remarkable harvest of souls. A close watch on the part of the

stake committee headed by Stake President Milan D. Smith and Executive Chairman Dr. Ernest C. Anderson contributed

immeasurably.

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

frepared bu aJLee >v. fau.met1

$tehopuii&PageT

San Bernardino Stake Changes in Ward Teaching Program Announced

Succeeds in Aaronic /hanges in the ward teaching proward teaching will be adopted. This

gram were announced by Bishop plan contemplates that each pair of

Priesthood "Buddy"Plan Joseph L. Wirthlin of the Presiding ward teachers shall take one question

Bishopric during the bishops'confereach month as the basis for a discus- "L-T Terry Oaks, vicechairman of ence held Friday evening, April 6, sion with each family. Questions and

* the San Bernardino (California) in the Tabernacle. The member of references will be supplied by the

Stake Aaronic Priesthood committee the stake presidency formerly desigPresiding Bishopric's Office. Bishops

reports on the "buddy"system in nated as the "advisermember"of the are instructed to appoint a "ward

Aaronic Priesthood quorums throughstake committee on ward teaching is teaching instructor"who will be given out the stake. The plan is working now to serve as the "chairman"of ten to fifteen minutes during the openso successfully that we present it the stake committee on ward teaching. ing exercises of each ward teachers'

here for the information of others This change makes uniform the policy report meeting to discuss the current who may be interested in this system of having one member of the stake question for the month, giving inforof increasing activity records. presidency as the chairman of each mation to supplement the references

The "buddy"system was begun stake committee. The member of the already supplied.

January 1, 1951. In the short time high council formerly designated as It was also announced that the ward

since January 1, Brother Oaks reported the "chairman"of the stake committeachers'report meeting is to be held "as much as fifty percent increase in tee on ward teaching is now to in two sections; the first section to conactivity in some quorums,"and "a serve as the "vicechairman."sist of a joint assembly of the bishopsubstantial increase in activity in all Effective January 1, 1952, the ric, the district supervisors, the secrequorums,"with some quorums running "Question and Discussion"method of tary, the ward teaching instructor, and

up a record of ninetyeight percent all ward teachers. The order of busito one hundred percent attendance at ness for the first section is to be as

priesthood meeting. follows: opening exercises, message

the period for from the bishop, and asOriginally, each active boy was ininstruction teaching by the ward inactive to an signed as "buddy"boy in like assigned manner, who, structor. was as The second section is to be held the active to boy. Thus "buddy"

on a departmental basis with each both the inactive boy and the active the bishopric of disthe and member in buddies. equally each pair were boy

supervisor taking the ward pair of a boys trict Immediately when their serving direction teachers under together as buddies, assigned are for separate reportinto a department the presidency the and quoquorum triple will the This procedure the ing. to the active adviser take boy rum

home of the inactive boy and explain amount of time for reporting, thus the plan which includes the followpermitting more detailed reports from the ward teachers and increasing oping:

portunities for bishoprics to make 1. A report to each other, in permore special assignments.

son, each week, on everything of inFurther to establish uniformity, it terest to the other, such as—condition was recommended the first three

of health, progress in school work, Thursday evenings of each month be activity in sports, intentions to attend devoted to ward teaching.

next quorum meetings, vacation or The suggestion was also made that other plans making it impossible to H. TERRY OAKS where possible each ward teaching

attend quorum meeting, meetings atdistrict be made to include only four tended during the week absent from the time for buddies at home to write to six families. This suggestion, if

priesthood meeting. These reports to and send personal letters to buddies followed, will allow for more ward

each other are not to be made by phone living away from home (quorum meetteachers and should increase the qualor at school—they are to be made ing time is not used for this purpose ) ity of teaching.

through a personal visit in each When those absent reply to their other's home. buddies, they report their activities

2. During the weekly quorum meetand the buddy at home reports such AWARD RECORDS FOR 1950

ing, when the secretary calls the roll, activities to the quorum secretary. During the first four months of

if both boys are present, they are in Sometimes the more interesting and 1951, the Presiding Bishopric ap- a position to make a personal report faithpromoting letters from those proved applications for 12,676 on their respective activities. Howaway from home are read to fellow Aaronic Priesthood Individual

ever, if one boy is absent, the other quorum members during the quorum Certificates of Award and 833 one can supply all needed information meeting. Standard Quorum Awards.

because of the personal visit made to Here is another idea from the field There is evidence of increased the absentee during the week. which is doing wonders for Aaronic interest in the award programs

3. For the priests, the second SunPriesthood members in the wards of for which we are grateful.

day of each month is designated as the San Bernardino Stake.

JUNE 1951 467...... )

Lessons in Eating TODAY'S /or uouna -oik awau Jrirom kome

A DAILY MENU GUIDE... If you think you don't

need to plan menus for better health, keep a detailed written account of what your meals and inbetween-meal snacks consist of each day for a week or two, and see how closely it compares to what you should have. Most often neglected are

leafy, green, fruits—especially and Oitrt Skepkeed milk, vegetables, and r Improvecitrus fruits. (See May vegetables, and yellow EDITOR

ment Era for details on the food groups listed here.

Food Groups Suggested Menus Fruit.. BREAKFAST

two or more servings daily (at least one raw; citrus fruit or tomato Fruit: citrus, other fresh or stewed, or

daily) cooked dried fruit Cereal: with milk or cream and brown

sugar or honey Vegetables..

Toast or other bread, with butter two or more servings daily other than Egg, if not in other meals potato Milk, Postum, or other grain beverage (one yellow or green; "greens"often)

Whole Grain Cereals and Bread LUNCH two or more servings daily

Creamed soup

Milk.. Sandwich, or salad, or hot casserole dish

Raw vegetable: large serving if breakfast

two glasses daily fruit was not citrus (to drink, combined with other foods, in cheese, cottage cheese, etc.) Bread, if main dish is not a sandwich

Simple dessert: fresh fruit, fruit cobbler,

etc. Fresh Eggs.. Milk, or fruit juice, or vegetable juice

three to five a week (alone, or combined in custards, cakes, etc.) DINNER

Other Protein..

Protein dish: beans, fish, eggs, meat, etc.

one or more servings daily Potatoes (beans, peas, lentils, nuts, extra milk and cheese, fish, meat, poultry) Cooked vegetable

Salad: rawvegetable or fruit

Dessert: fruit, if salad is not fruit, or other

Butter, Salad Oils, etc... wholesome dessert, as desired

on bread and with other foods Milk, buttermilk, Postum, etc.

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Striped i RfftflU Wallpaper is 5mar,t I like because By LOUISE PRICE BELL

you plan to do some redecoratIf ing in the near future, consider striped wallpaper of the color you prefer. It is very popular these

days and will do a great deal to A/Vf PlAQoTHEs lookany room in which it is used. There

is something about a striped paper that brings life and verve into a 1 room that nothing else can do—not So "PRETTY Wp BGKt

even gailyfigured floral designs.

Another good thing about stripes

Striped wallpaper may be used effectively for paneling, or for a side wall of limited length where the stripes may lend distinction but not become monotonous.

is that you can use figured materials in the same room with them; whereas if you use figured material in

rooms with figured wallpaper, the effect is sometimes a little too "busy."Plain curtains of the same

color as the stripe in the paper are always effective, and that is what was used in the room shown. The

stripes are a deep rich rust, and the curtains are the same shade. Chairs

are upholstered or seated in a green which blends well... and isn't

the quartet of small prints nicely hung? Hanging the pictures close

together, here, gives done as was a hvt JJUjul effect unified if they than weremore hung farther apart where they oUjuji faitU'Muu.

might appear as tiny daubs. Remembertures—itthis whenis betterhangingto groupsmallthempicin

a closely related manner than to hang them apart from one another.

JUNE 1951

Main Dishes For Summer YOU NEVER TASTED

.. VEGETABLE SALAD make

WITH A FLAVOR SPARKLE LIKE THIS BEFORE! COOKING

Tossed Rice Bowl IS TASTIER!...

2 cups cooked soy beans with an 1 cup thinly sliced radishes 1 cup diced, unpeeled cucumber IS "TOPS"! 1 cup chopped celery ELECTRIC RANGE

1 cup chopped watercress 2 small onions, chopped 1 Yl cups cold cooked brown rice 1 cup mayonnaise salt Rub salad bowl with garlic. Place

ingredients into bowl in order given, rice on top. Pour mayonnaise over

mixture and lift and toss it carefully to blend but not to crush ingredients.

Add salt, if necessary.

Serve with baked yams, bran muffins, and milk. Dessert: baked custard.

Creamed Eggs on Potatoes buy from your dealer

Split baked potatoes and top with creamed eggs. (Chicken or fish may

be substituted for eggs.) More home - makers cook

Serve with cole slaw, sliced tomatoes, bread and butter, milk. Deselectrically than by any

sert: baked apple.

other method, in the terriVegetable Chowder tory we serve. 3 cups diced potatoes

2 cups diced carrots Yl cup chopped onion Yi cup diced green pepper 2 tablespoons fat UTAH POWER 2 tablespoons flour 2 cups milk 1 tablespoon salt LIGHT CO. 2 cups hot tomatoes &Tanq is thrifty, tooi

Cook potatoes and carrots in water

Watch salad appetites perk up to cover, until tender. Saute onion and

when you switch to Tang! green pepper in fat, cooking slowly

The miracle "flavor factor"in together.stir constantlyBlend untilin flour.sauceAddis milksmoothand

this extra rich dressing brings and thick. Add salt, hot tomatoes,

a new peak of perfection to and vegetables with stock. atasaatoc

salads, seafood dishes, and breadServeandwithbutter,applecelery-nutmilk. Dessert: pumpsalad, PIKES PEAK

sandwiches kin pie and cheese. FLOUR

Quick Baked Beans With FOUR 2 slices bacon Extra Baking 3 tablespoons minced onion Advantages 1 tablespoon molasses Yk teaspoon salt SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS 425 West 5th South Y teaspoon dry mustard 2 or 3 cups canned or cooked dry Salt Lake City, Utah beans 470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fry bacon, remove from pan, and cook onion for a few minutes in bacon fat. Add molasses, seasonings, beans. Mix lightly. Pour into baking dish Housewives, Food Experts

and sprinkle crumbled bacon bits over top. Bake 20 minutes in moderate

oven {350 F.) or heat of on top Choose StarKist 3 to 1 stove and crumble bebacon on top

fore serving.

Serve with corn bread, carrot and...OVER ALL OTHER

fruit slaw, cabbage drink or milk. LEADING NATIONALLY Dessert: prune cookie. whip and

ADVERTISED BRANDS CeleryApple-Nut Roast

1 cup celery tops 1 cup celery Yi cup almonds or walnuts 1 cup apples 1 cup bread crumbs, whole wheat 1 egg, beaten 1 cup milk Chop celery tops, celery, nuts, apples, and mix with bread crumbs. Add egg

and milk mixture and blend well.

Bake in oiled casserole in moderate Buy the Tuna Preferred in Thousands of Taste Tests oven (325 F.) about 1 hour. Serve Actual taste tests were conducted identical comparisons. Results

with creamed cauliflower, buttered in 24 cities and towns from coastwere audited by independent Cerpeas, and carrotraisin salad. Dessert: tocoast. Through the cooperation tified Public Accountants. In thourice pudding. of church groups and women's sands of these sideby-side taste

clubs, housewives sampled the 3 tests both housewives and food nationally advertised leading tuna experts preferred StarKist 3 to II brands. Food experts then made

Guaranteed Better or Double Your Money Back! HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be Always Buy StarKist, "The Tuna of the Stars!"

one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, but each will receive careful consideration. "

Here's tip to a grand canning! use when "have some Fritos!

fruit stains removeTo in from your hands a very few minutes, moisten corn meal with vinegar and apply.

Mrs. D. O.

Ogden, Utah If that precious piece of chinaware gets PARTIES cracked, easy an to hide the crack way is it in to put a kettle scalding with milk Fritos'golden goodness makes a hit to cover. In just a few minutes the crack at refreshment time. Folks everywhere

will be invisible.

Mrs. C. W. B. enjoy the mellow flavor richness of

Boise, Idaho Fritos.

To clean combs and hairbrushes, place them in water with a little household ammonia.

Miss H. E. L.

Fairbanks, Alaska SNACKS After you iron your blouse, hold it by Crisp, golden Fritos—tempting tidbits

the tail, fold the tail several times together, and pin it to wire coat hanger for betweenmeal enjoyment! Treat the

with a pinching family to Fritos, delicious any time ofblouse hang down. clothespin,A coat hangerletting willthe

hold six blouses this way, and they will never have that flatteneddown look around collar and shoulders.

Mrs. A. L. A.

South Gate, Calif.

Why not brighten up those pioneer PICNICS kettles, bells, brassand anyrelics—brass It's crunchycrisp Fritos for eating pleastreat-

little have? heat Just aware you may

vinegar, salt spoonful of a add and apply ure outof-doors! Fritos are grand with to eatvigorously to object cloth; small with then

rinse with clear water and wipe dry. picnic food favorites. Enjoy them often.

Mrs. W. A. M. THE FRITO CO., Salt Lake City,

Ogden, Utah Utah—Los Angeles, California

JUNE 1951 471 MYP/US/"White StirlimaBRAND * ana ajar ofmayoma/se/

Budget Your Wishes, Too!

With a jar of mayonnaise and several cans of White Star E might as well learn to budgfor the immediate future, for next

Brand tuna in the cupboard... a et right now. year, and for sometime in the future. We'll come back to them later. gal's ready for scores of delicious w That delicate matter of makmealtime salads, lunch -time ing the spending dollar stretch to the Right now we must look bravely

sandwiches or jiffytime party thirtieth day of the month doesn't at reality—that being, of course, the

"whipups."White Star Brand is get any easier as time goes by. And monthly income. The first step in

the tuna high in bodybuilding although a budget may not curb the outlining a budget is to get out penprotein, rich in fluorine and other flight of the winged greenbacks, it cil and paper and list total estimated vital food elements. "Bite Size"is at least a means income (by pay petheir diof propelling for the year You Can Do It! riods) (Green Label) tuna is ideal for ahead, including is rection. Budgeting

many recipes. For solid pack style, not a twentieth cenThis column /or ary, gifts, earningssalget White Star Brand (Blue tury innovation, but young people, and for from hobbies, etc.

Label) tuna. it may be adapted any others who wish to This means "taketo twentieth century take advantage of it, home"pay only, not

CoronadoTuno Salad Bowl needs. It is an excelfeatures articles of a including taxes, re-

2 cans White Star Brand Tuna lent means of learn- "howto-doit"nature. tirement, insurance,

tablespoons lemon juice 3 salt Vh teaspoons!4 teaspoon pepper Tabasco Dash Sauce ing to handle money, Contributions are welor other items de-

1 cup of sliced celery 3 or 4 ripe tomatoes and a young person come and will be conducted before we get

Vz cup mayonnaise Salad Greens

Marinate seasonings. who will learn the sidered for publication the check. Even an tuna in lemon juice and Arrange tuna, celery, tomatoes which have budgeting technique at regular rates. irregular income

been quartered, and mayonnaise on a bed of early will find that it '- should be budgeted, salad greens in a salad serving, bowl. Before

toss all ingredients together as desired. Serves 6 or more. lightly. Garnish develops a feeling of assurance and though subject to many changes, for

Write for FREE recipe folder, independence when Dad's check- a budget presents an upto-themin- is no longer handy. ute picture of living costs, large VAN"TunaCAMP'RoundSEAtheFOODClock,"COMPANY,to Dept. IMPINC. book

Terminal Island, California bills, and other problems of finance.

Here, then, is a plan which, we Second, we chart expenses. These

hope, will make ends meet today must be subdivided in order to arand provide something for tomorrive at a clearcut method of workrow; something with which to build ing with them: "Dayto-day living

a foundation under dreams and costs,""fixed expenses of the fuwishes. Who doesn't like to wish ture,""flexible expenses of the fuperhaps merely for a new tennis ture,"and "past unpaid bills"are

racket next month, or an evening categories which will meet our dress next winter, or for something needs. larger and more substantial a few years hence? If we can start a (a) Dayto-day living costs will

wish with a dollar to back it up, the include all living expenses that are effort of budgeting has greater purpaid as we go: food, utilities,

pose. As an incentive to keeping a laundry, small household supplies,

blackand-white account of the stationery, postage, and so on. With

nickels, dimes, and dollars then, let's a little practice, a general allotment write down our wishes, scheduling can be made to cover all the small them under such headings as wants essentials such as stationery, but it 472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

is wise to start with a detailed working list which will help to eliminate confusion an a NmiSAME I in classifying expenses as \m and Window <5mmtime goes on.

(b) Future fixed expenses may...why put up with Both?

include income tax ( if not deducted by employer), tithing, rent, insurance, school tuition, car license, music lessons, etc. Some of these

bills, such as insurance or tuition, may fall due on certain dates in amounts too large to come out of Tension Window Screens one pay check. The best way to

meet such bills is to divide the total end both nuisances...

of the bill into monthly amounts and start a reserve fund, i. e., save When you install RYLOCKS... in a few minutes, from

enough each month so that the bill can be met when it falls due. If the in side.., that's the end of your window screen probwe start budgeting in January, and lems. No more frames to paint, no more fitting to take

an insurance premium of thirty dollars is due in March, we must save up slack (the clever tensioning device does that). No

ten dollars each month to take care more stains on your house (the aluminum does not rust of it. After it is paid, we may

divide the premium for next year or corrode). No more window washing problem (just

into twelve parts and save that unfasten them at the bottom with your fingers). No more

amount each month. Under fixed

expenses also we include a spendstorage problems if you want to take them down (just ing allowance, for to pay oneself an roll them up), RYLOCKs cost no more...last years longer!

allowance and keep within it is far more satisfying than to spend haphazardly until everything is gone.

-fAa* ( See Fig. 2. Mom

(c) Future Rexible expenses are 2000.00Qnowm use;

those which are sure to come, but not in fixed amounts-—clothing,

medical and dental care, gifts, home furnishings, savings for emergencies, AlttMHMM.

Christmas gifts, etc. We have to Jor t$o#-$famM4f, /ottf //fe

be honest in budgeting this department; it's that unexpected wedding There are RYLOCKs for all types of

gift, or that unscheduled weekend windows...doublehung, wood casetrip that claims cash and upsets the ment/ metal casement. Then—there's

apple cart, if not planned for in the amazing Shade Screen for sunnyan emergency reserve. { See Fig. 3. side windows.

(d) Past unpaid bills—money &ur/?r/$tttqfy

borrowed bills, etc.—mayfor education,be workeddoctorinto //VXP/VS/Kf/

regular payments also. A spending

plan is the one sure way to clear See thetTI at your lumber, the slate of debts. building material or hard'

ware dealer. Many dealers

Now, having carefully allowed are listed in the Yellow Secfor all expenses, either budgeted t/on of the telephone Book under "ScreensWindow."Or

over a year or on a monthly basis, write the factory tor name of nearest dealer—today I

we deduct them from our income, and apply whatever is left over for wishes. This is usually the place

to start refiguring the budget, but unless there is a stack of old debts to be paid off, there must be something left for the future—there just COMPANY LTD.

must be! A check of "future flexible 2485 Washington Avenue San Leandro, California

expenses"will usually reveal some way in which these can be whittled Manufactured under RYLOCK patents and sold in the eastern states under the trade name "BORAH."

[Continued on following page) JUNE 1951 473

HERE'S SHAMPOO Budget Your Wishes, Too [Continued from preceding page) -$ NEWS!

down. Perhaps some article of * clothing can be repaired, made over, * EGG'In a

or fixed up with new accessories Velvety Cream That Makes rather than being discarded for Hair Look Like Silk something new. "Dayto-day livYou've no idea how

ing costs"always look high on lovely vour hair can paper, but an effort to shop more be until you see what carefully for food and other housethis new shampoo hold items will usually prove a can do! The

saving. egg works

wonders!

Actually, for the first few months Your money back if not it isn't too much fun to work at delighted with results!

budgeting, because a budget is a sort of regimentation that cramps creamed our fun spending style. The comes shampoo later of earning in the satisfaction

and spending in an orderly manner, with *2% Powdered Egg for systematic spending is the best method of getting the most for our money. It may take a little effort | use L* B.

to make a balance between "income and outgo"so that we can wish, but for the hair it's worth the effort. On our "Sav-.... the dressing

ings for Wishes"chart, we fill in a that makes hair

BY THE MAKERS OF column each payday with the handsome... keeps

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS amounts being put into reserves for it well groomed!

each wish; the amounts may vary

Gfves You from time to time, but a written chart is a record of progress. ( See

If 4. desired, wishes may

flexEASY:Starching Fig.listed be ODORLESS DAIRY a chart with "future on

BEAUTIFUL, ible expenses,"since both are flexEasy Ironing ible savings records. SANITATION

livcharts other ( dayto-day Our

Animals Healthier costs, fixed Ready To Use! ing future fuexpenses, Top Milk

Just Add ture flexible expenses) will keep us Prices

Hot or Cold Water on our toes in spending. The totals

of these can be transferred to a summary sheet at the end of each pay period to see how the budget is balancing. Rest assured, some

changes will have to be made. A

single person, one who hasn't a great many detailed expenditures, may get a clearer and simpler picStandard milk ordinances recture of the budget by grouping all ommenddairy barns.regularAnotherwhitewashingsanitary measof

immediate expenditures on one ure followed by many dairymen is large sheet (such as Fig. 1 ) and thein boxesuse offorlimecattleon tothewalkstallthrough,floors,

in gutters. Snowflake and Hydrated totals to transferring the summary

is Lime its high odorless—\\J\B S assures sanitation. quick, effective the period. end of column at the pay MORE ECONOMICAL The other charts, of course, will quality

Because It's Concentrated! supplement this to give the total ASH GROVE

BUY AT YOUR GROCERS picture.

Thus, we see that a budget is a HYDRA TEN) LIME charts matter of working a few up HEALTH

Berry out FORFind Genuine Brand GOODabout cost the of present which estimate free literature. for Yeast. Write Brewery

(quantity per $1.00 postage pound, plus living outline a spending and

available). discounts and - fwi -event/

Selection "Proper Gives of Food Today future. savings plan for the It takes

Health Tomorrow."You

B. H. Berry Laboratories time, often several months, to make

Calif. 188, Montebello, Box practice smoothly, run a budget but CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME Union 1-0084 Phone

skill St., Salt in 3-1031 So. Main brings Lake City - Dial budgeting, just as it 248

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA does in learning to swim or drive Budget, Household Finance Cor- a car. There is great satisfaction poration, Chicago, 1950.

in putting your money to work for (2) "Money Management is a CRUISE TO you. Family Affair,"by Leone Anne

Heuer. An article in What's NewReferences: in Home Economics, February HAWAII ( 1 ) Money Management', Your 1951. UNIVERSALE FOURTH

ANNUAL TOUR TO THE Fig. 1 HAWAIIAN ISLANDS

Sail October 12th and return Period: JulyPay 1-15 (Gross salary $92.50) October 27th aboard beauti-

$80.00 (Net):Income ful S. S. LURLI1SE.

Combination Sea and Air Plan for Spending Actual Spending

Travel if Desired

Rent $20.00 $20.00 Write for Details

Tithing 9.25 9.25

Payment on coat 10.00 10.00 Whether you are traveling for business

TRAVEL UNIVERSAL 1 allow pleasure, or 11. 12.00 70 allowanceFood arrangeyour make you advise and to 2

6.30 6.00 expenseGeneral ments.

3.65 4.00 allowanceSpending Nothing Costs You Our Service

$61.25 $60.90 Phone or Write

Savings For Immediate Wishes 7.75 8.04 UNIVERSAL TRAVEL (Swim suit)

For Future Wishes 7.00 7.00 SERVICE (Vacation)

Christmas Fund 2.00 2.00 HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

Emergency Reserve 2.00 2.00 Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 5-6215 $80.00 $79.94

Actual Spending Details Food Allowance General Expenses* Spending Allowance \i%0m&uu

Super market 3.79 tooth brush.45 movie.50

cookies.28 bus tokens 2.50 popcorn.15

dinner out.75 hose repairs.75 bowling.50

Super market 2.10 postage.45 sheet music 1.50

milk 1.35 laundry.50 magazine.25

meat 1.10 dry cleaning 1.00 nail polish.75

fruit 2.33 hand lotion.65

$6.30* $11.70'$3.65

:! VENTURA 66

for for General Expenses will perhaps vary each pay period; *Amounts allowed

instance, hosiery replacements will cost more than hosiery repairs. The beginner will

not find the budget always balances this easily. Savings sometimes disappear alarmingly

before they are ever saved!

Fig. 2* Future Fixed Expenses

Amt. Date These are trial figures—use a pencil

Item Due Due Jan. 1-15 Jan. 1531 Feb. 1-15 Feb. 1528

Compact folding—Coated f4.5 Lens—

Rent $20.00 1st $20.00 $20.00 Shutter Speed to 1/200 second—Flash

Life Insurance 30.00 March 30 $10.00 $10.00 filmcontacts—Takes2V4 by 2V412. pictures on No. 120

Tithing 9.25 1st and 9.25 9.25 9.25 9.25 Mfgd. By AgfaMunich,CamerawerkGermany (U.S. Zone) 15th

New Coat Mail Orders promptly filled.

(Bought on time) 60.00 1st 10.00 10.00

School Tuition 70.00 Sept. 3 8.00 8.00 PHOTO

MATERIALS CO.

* Figures 2, 3, and 4 taken from Money Management, Your Budget, Household 2 7 West So Temple Ph.3-1404

Finance Corporation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

(Concluded on following page) JUNE 1951 475 ALL-O-WHEAT BUDGET YOUR WISHES, TOO (Concluded from preceding page) The BestCEREALand Most Healthful

Cereal for Your Family to Eat! Fig. 3 Future Flexible Expenses

Its delicious nutlike Jan. 1-15 Jan. 1530 Feb. 1-15 Feb. 1528

contains flavor ALL Amt. Amt. Amt. Amt. Amt. Amt. Amt. Amt. Amt.

of goodness the Saved Saved Saved the Needed Saved

Berry. entire Wheat

Constant users of our Clothing,* $60 $5 $5 $5 $4 $5 $4 $5 $6 products also testify general to its value from a health standpoint. Dental Exp. 20 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4

IT'S STEEL CUT iiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiii Milium Emergency 35 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 3

I ALL-O-WHEAT breakfast ce- j Reserve | real is made from the choic- | Christmas 40 2 2 2 2 1 2 3 | est Utah and Idaho dry farm 1 Fund | wheats. It is milled to a | *Clothing may be planned on a yearly basis, although some large items will

| granular fineness on a spelikely have to be listed under "Wishes."

| cial Steel Cut machine, thus | | retaining a maximum of | | vitamins, body building pro- | Fig- 4 Savings for Wishes | teins, minerals, etc. I Jan. 1-15 Jan. 1530 Feb. 1-15 Feb. 1528

MiiiiiimiiiiiiiiminiiiiiiiMiiiii>mMiiin mm milium miimhiiiiiiiiiiii mi?

ALL-O-WHEAT IS Wishes Req.Total Amt. SavedTotal Amt. SavedTotal Amt. SavedTotal Amt. SavedTotal

DELICIOUS to the Taste Vacation $75 $10 $8 $10 $10 $10 $5 $10 $7 NUTRITIOUS to the Body

EASY TO PREPARE New Suit 45 6 8 6 4 6 6 6 3

VERY ECONOMICAL to use Bicycle 75 5 3 5 2

Get it at your grocers today ALL-O-WHEATor write to CO.

OGDEN, UTAH EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Continued from page 399) Shakespeare following with eighteen of words borrowed from many thousand words. Any translation of

tongues. So large is this collection any book depends, of course primarTHE that it has been estimated that in ily upon the vocabulary of the

HISTORIC ordinarynot moreuse,thanin speechonetenthand orwriting,onetranslator,deals with sinceideasa notgoodwithtranslationwords.

twentieth of English words are emMany studies have been made to ployed, even by the most learned. discover the number of words used TRAIN Many books and articles on this by the average man. Naturally

will leave August 2nd to witsubject have been published. Reevery man uses a number, dependness the great pageant at the cently a competent author declared ing on many factors such as the

Hill Cumorah. that with one thousand English parental vocabulary, kind and

words all ordinary ideas could be amount of thinking, companions,

Visits will to be Indepenmade that the expressed, and common It is pretty habits. reading and

dence, Kirtland, Nauvoo, Carthage, five uses seldom than man more that generally agreed, however, on 10 etc., Vt., Sharon, well as as many thousand words. fairly the a welleducated average cities, large such as York, New

Washington D. C, etc. Milton's vocabulary was between man uses about eight thousand13

seven thousand and eight thousand words in his daily conversation.

For complete details write words. Some double this number. Joseph Smith used only between

The translators of Homer's Iliad two thousand and three thousand

12 This smaller number would be exVIDA FOX CLAWSON andused Odyssey,about nine linguisticthousand scholars,words. words in his written publications.

96G E. South Temple Salt Lake City There are four thousand eight hunpected from a knowledge of his

Phone 4-2017 dred in the New Testament; five educational opportunities.

thousand six hundred fortytwo in An actual count shows (leaving the Old Testament. The varying out all inflected forms of words)

number depends in part on whether the following vocabulary for the

... moulded Unbreakable inflected of are forms words inBook of Mormon:

glass. Ligbtto look like J think are those There who free. weigbt, noise Ecocluded. f General 2,896 height. nomieul. Words Standard that Bible the thousand has twenty u CUPSC0MMUNI0N

dealer. from your Order 245 Names everything words, counted; and Persons'SB 167 OFFER SPECIAL $1.25 Place 166 Names Dox. pHi trial $1.00 Mail for lot of wDictionary. Total 3,307 postpaid. sent dozen one

Clark's Concordance. u Mrs.

BRASS GOODS 'CO, 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. The Nation. September 12, 1912. 3H. L. Mencken, The American Language, p. 4.

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This indicates that the Book of

Mormon translator was a person of little education and with little facility in the use of unusual words.

This checks precisely with Joseph's story of the origin of the Book of

Mormon. It should help lay low

the charge that someone other than

Joseph Smith himself wrote the

Book of Mormon.

It is interesting to note whether a similar vocabulary was used by

Joseph Smith in other writings. It

is somewhat unusual for a man to change his vocabulary very much after maturity unless he is professionally engaged in literary labors.

To answer this question, the Prophet's vocabulary in the revelations he received was examined. In the

Doctrine and Covenants there are the following:

Ordinary words 2,445 Persons'names 230 Place names 47 Total 2,722 This indicates a grade of vocabulary similar to that in the Book of

Mormon. It furnishes additional

proof of Joseph's truthfulness in

Bound Volumes of telling his story. None has doubted

that the revelations were written by the ERA make valuJoseph. The two vocabularies are

of the same order.

able reference books. There are about 451 more words

used in the Book of Mormon than

Preserve each issue for perin the Doctrine and Covenants.

manent binding. That is accounted for no doubt in

the larger Book of Mormon move-

A fine addition to any yearment periodas recordeddrawingovermorea thousandheavily library, both for value upon his vocabulary to make the ideas and events clear. In that

of contents and apbook also fifteen more persons'names; and one hundred nineteen

pearance. more place names.

But the totals are such as to show that the Book of Mormon and the

Economical Doctrine and Covenants were writyear's supply, average 800 tablets only tablets $12.00, only 400 $6.50. $3.00 per volume tenWheneverby a man ofthe limitedlife ofeducation.Joseph An for residents) (Add Utah Tax 2% Sales

Smith is touched, truth comes forth.

You just naturally feel bet- F.O.B. Salt Lake City ter when you supplement

(Postpaid, add 30c) BOY IN KITCHEN your diet with Viking GoldBy Anobel Armour en Health minerals and "Deing timesure, as small boys always yeast.

'-'are, Order today from DESERET NEWS PRESS He simply stood and twinkled like a star

Along his length, from toetips up to crown,

Waiting for bread to come out hot and Viking Laboratories brown, 42 Richards St. Lookingtell as if his quick red tongue could Intermountain Division

taste the crusty beforehand smell by Salt Lake City The

There no doubt he exactly was knew how 45 South Third West

Hot bread would taste five minutes after Salt Lake City 1, Utah now! Phone 5-7413

JUNE 1951 477 TRANSFORMING POWER OF FAITH IN CHRIST (Concluded from page 409) Such exploitation of the poor unpoisonous seeds within the body polifortunates whose thoughts and desires tic. It is also from within, morally lead them only to gratify their appespeaking, that our cities become cortites, indulge their passions to exist

9<A rupt; not from outward, open assaults by deceit, cunning, and crime, are

on virtue, but from insidious, corrupt among the corruptions that Peter says actions of trusted individuals. Our "are in the world through lust."

government, as you know, has recently Let us always remember that, "There uncovered a gambling ring that covers is no vice so great but we can kill tot a twenty billion dollar business in "And conquer it if we but will."

vice. Many large cities in the United Christ came to redeem the world \Vs Pet vit'to States are connected with it and confrom. sin. He came with love in his

taminated by it. heart for every individual, with reToo many of these city officials demption and possibility for regeneralicense darkened rooms wherein men tion for all. By choosing him as our

and women, and not infrequently teenideal, we create within ourselves a age boys and girls, may guzzle beer desire to be like him, to have fellowand whiskey and indulge in other vices ship with him. We perceive life as it

be. sought should and ideals. For of low be as it may by persons The Q'Hon,e <- of chief Peter, the indeapostle perpetuation the permission and The Careru

such dens of iniquity in our cities, the fatigable Paul,- the Prophet Joseph public is not entirely free from blame. Smith, and other true followers of the

However, those who are elected to Risen Lord recognized in him the BerNARdin office—commissioners, peace officers, Savior of the individual, for did he trusted servants of the people—are not say, "This is my work and my most directly responsible. glory—to bring to pass the immortality Generally speaking, these men are and eternal life of man?"—not the

honest in their intentions and acsacrificing of the individual for the tions to enforce the laws and if posperpetuation of the socialistic or comsible to eradicate, at least to reduce to munistic state.

a minimum, the evils upon which the Members of the Church of Christ

ONE DOZEN underworld thrives. One or two, or a are under obligation to make the sinhalf a dozen unprincipled men, howless Son of Man their ideal—the one

ever, can frustrate the most earnest perfect being who ever walked the N?63 LIDS efforts of the upright officials. For earth.

NARROW MOUTH example, officers informed that minors Sublimest Example of Nobility

At your grocers in other sizes TOO are permitted to enter a certain "joint"Godlike in nature will find when they get to the place Perfect in his love that the proprietor has been "tipped Our Redeemer off"and seemingly everything is withOur Savior in the law. The immaculate Son of our Eternal

If and when appreciation for such Father "tipsoff,"and other favors, is exThe Light, the Life, the Way pressed in secretive payments of I know he lives and his power is money, those participating in the graft potent; that he is the Son of God,

may meet in a room, a club, or in a and that he has restored in this dispenprivate residence, ostensibly to play a sation the complete plan of salvation.

social game of poker, and under this God bless us all that we may hold guise divide their illgotten gains. Thus him as our ideal and pray for power

do our cities, as individuals, become to be like him, I ask in the name of corrupt from within. Jesus Christ. Amen.

THESE TIMES

(Continued from page 386) not an imposition, but Dr. Fisher virYorkers and Before the sentence could be finished, #,AFOOT andpeople,was prominentfilled with Newmany distinguished tually ordered me..."

belater to their great respects to a the was man who pay out tocqolingS Kl others, spoke TING 1-\J| nTI Ii\J l\l wife. Church, his of the PresidentCOMFOR come and great Briton

RELAXING - STAINLESS The young man tried to look selfwith a ringing sincerity, "Imposition?

-THAT WONDERFUL contained and selfpossessed. But no I should say not! I apologize to you

PEDIGLO FEELING friendly face was in sight, no Dr. for keeping you waiting. We have

Well pay the postage. Fisher, not even a friendly tenderfoot. been busy in a meeting of the council.

The anteroom thinned, then emptied. We became so involved that Dr.

PEDBGLO?L The returned missionary stood alone, Fisher forgot to mention that you 1751 ML Diablo St. \V shifted his weight from one foot to would join us until only a moment

Stockton, California another, and bit his lip. Suddenly the ago. Come right in, we're about

I enclose $1.00. Please send me door from the banquet room opened ready to begin!"

one bottle of PEDIGLO prepaid and the friendly figure of George AlHe apologized to me, for keeping

Name bert Smith appeared. me waiting! thought the missionary.

Address "Brother—.?"he inquired, The man affectionately known to

City State with outstretched hand of welcome. thousands of Americans of his own

MONEY BACK GUARANTEE "Yes, Brother Smith. I hope this is age, great and small, as "George Al478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

bert,"took the pressedgray-suitedarm in his own and the two marched to a table over the ballroominto at Ever think what would happen if % of the seated Fred Taylor werewhich

Company, SugarUtahIdaho Dr. fire were to lay waste your home other prominent andHarvey Fletcher,

L.D.S. leaders of the Atlantic area. See the friendly Agent of the

The remainder is inconsequential, save to state that the missionary was invited UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

to call at "the office"upon arrival in in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your

Salt Lake City. But what a day for policies.

memory!

Or see...

HEBER J. & CO. GRANT

The event of July 16 was an inAgent General significant incident in the annals of Salt Lake City man, perhaps. But to the young man

in the case it marked an experience, a soulwarming experience, that will live forever. He had been the recipient

of a daily good turn by a man holding the Silver BufSilverthe Beaver and his Sound Training Isfalo. gone had man out of A busy

way to perform an act of recognition of another human being, a kindly act Essential to Success which said that the future can be friendly, not fearfilled nor insecure.

A few weeks later in the offices of the Council of the Twelve, the samegenerous leader put his arm around Your Church the boy's shoulder and offered some advice: "Remember, we're living Rich Marooneternal lives."University Beautiful Blue Traditional Black

America's Most Beautiful Bible... now

gift to color! in The perfect covers training in 43 dewith that offers you need. Bible every meet filled life Smith's President was leather; limp covers; No. 455CM—Maroon instruction. of with partments concordance silk marker; edges; his gold fellow turns to men.daily good

His kindly deeds will become legendCharacter building also receives andNo. 454CB—Same;maps. Blue leather.

covoverlapping leather; years. theary and grow with Many concordance. marker; gold edges; silk

poignant. than have its proper emphasis. ers;No. 453C—Black a fewwere More

tremendous dramatic force. A few AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

may have been pedestrian, but even if Summer Quarter Starts so, the kindly, soulwarming force behind each will live and grow, as in the June 11 life of the heavysuited July misnational bibles sionary. Second Term Begins BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION

July 23 "U. S. FLEXSEAL"

That great literary figure, Luke, an entirety new principle in of asdescribed Nazareth Jesus one WEATHERSTRIPPING (Acts doing good."about"ivho went

10:38.) President George Albert

Smith, an Apostle of the Lord Jesus Catalogues are now available for

Christ, emulated his Master as few the 1951 Summer Quarter and also men in these times. Of such is the for the 195152 school year.

kingdom of heaven.

Write for your copies to "Y"PRESS Automatically conforms to warping and expanding conditions; thus PERMADrafts, Noise, Dirt and Leakage in BRIGHAM NENTLY PREVENTING Heat Loss, Air Conditioned Space.

Easy to insfall and YOUNG lasts the life of the

UNIVERSITY. DoorP. Studenor Window& Co.

PROVO, UTAH 20102 Season Bidg.—Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 9-9431 Dealer and Contractor Inquiries

Invited JUNE 1951 479 (>>5v2ncnS> 0WL WD

GIRLS ACHIEVE ATTENDANCE RECORDS

THE LIGHT TOUCH

A Long Wait

"I'm sorry, the manager isn't in,"said the clerk to the pompous individual who had strutted in. "Is there anything

I can do for you?"

"No,"snapped the visitor. "I never deal with underlings.

I'll wait until the manager returns."

About an hour later the pompous one became impatient.

"How much longer do you think the manager will be?"he

demanded. "About two weeks,"was the reply. "He just left on

vacation."

Skeptical FRANCES STOTT YVONNE STOTT A letter from Hungary quotes an anecdote current in

Budapest. A man applied for a passport, saying he must

that quickly. he said why, Asked the country a new leave is rightly proud Stake Beaver (Utah) Third Beaver Ward, i elephants two to keep forbade of decree anyone Stott, Elder government daughters Frances of and Yvonne two sisters,

and Sister Wesley Stott, who have perfect attendance records in his bedroom?"

at Y. W. M. I. A. for 1949 and 1950. During that time they "But surely you don't keep two elephants in your bedroom?"

have not missed an M. I. A. activity. Yvonne is a Mia Maid "No,"he replied, "but how can I ever convince the political

and Frances is a guardian BeeHive Girl. Reported by Mrs. police that I don't?"

J. A. Manzione, attendance secretary.

To the End 4h "You'd hardly expect humor in the coroner's office, but one

Jacksonville, N. C. coroner reported that a decedent recently left a will asking

Dear Editors: that six of his creditors be requested"to serve as pallbearers

'so they can carry me to the end.'

Enclosed please find check for two dollars and fifty cents Herb. Smith, True

(2.50) to renew my subscription of The Improvement

Era.

This is the best magazine a person can have in his home, and it shall be in my home for my family and myself as Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do long as I am in this mortal body. It is a wonderful guide and with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.

helpful in living and understanding this great Church and its works.

May our Heavenly Father lead, guide, and direct you, and bless you always. A leader is anyone who has two characteristics: first, he

Sincerely, is going somewhere; second, he is able to persuade other peoGeorge F. Gilbert, Jr. ple to go with him.

WARDS COMBINE EFFORTS FOR OUTSTANDING FLOOR SHOW

Rock Springs First and Second wards, Lyman (Wyoming) They decided to eliminate the Gold and Green queen and

Stake, presented their Gold and Green Ball together. Diliemphasize the floor show. About two hundred couples were

gence on the part of M. I. A. workers brought forth a blossom in attendance. Everyone on ward and stake levels cooperated

time theme in the city's largest hall, which, because of to make the ball a success. Reported by Mrs. Jack C.

architectural difficulties, was hard to decorate. Groesbeck.

'VI w> 8nS

}>m?:

Olacfe 6tfeit Better 8$ W$&& &&: i&S1WS&:& SHSftW<&&!&* RSHWSiJrc&*:& w:*:;8St&&&!:)* J:?*??S*y&&.w SS'SWSxyyW SHSSSBi.:.!.:*;.:.:.)!::S':::W$o:-:-M-:-:-y -X':*X'j*ft::::::::::::! 19%&< pw.H '&

9f m A NEW HIGH IN "lu&rifBcfion W& Phillips new method of processing fine, selected crude

W& oil by continuous "cold fractionation"means that the sssst oil is subjected to less heat. So it retains more of its

naturally fine lubricating qualities. It resists decomposition better... clings better to metal surfaces...

protects better, too! For outstanding lubrication and

engine protection, change to new, improved Phillips 66

Premium Motor Oil. mi

SSSS

2 SSS9S8 BWS?:? K'iSSSS?:':?:? JKS3SSJ S5"S':Sx '::: 11

I yANTICORROSIVE ACTION Helps protect against main cause of wear on piston rings, cylinder walls.

yANTIACID EFFECT Helps guard against damaging effect of acids on fine bearing surfaces.

Ji/tcitMsxm ingredient!

Helps prevent powerrobbing sludge and varnish. Helps save gasoline.

STABILITY MM ULTRAHIGH

Helps maintain constant oil viscosity under all driving conditions.

GET IT AT STATIONS WHERE YOU SEE THESE SIGNS

PHIUIPS 6$10 PREMIUM MOTOR OIL Hear Rex Allen and the Sons of the Pioneers every Friday night over C. B. S., 8 P.M., M. S. T.

... CHANGE EVERY 1000 MILES 1) CLEAN OIL CLEANS BETTER (

resident David O. McKay brings to his multitude of new responsibilities a wealth of experience as a great teacher and capable executive. His

kindly and sympathetic understanding, his fine sense of values, his warm friendship, his championing of righteous causes, and his wise leadership have endeared him to millions and made his counsel much sought after.

We feel privileged to have President David O. McKay head Beneficial Life

Insurance Company as our fourth president.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah