MORMON, Compiler of the Book of Mormon, Author,

Soldier, Holy Man Of God. Article by President Marion D Hanks page 13

Painting of Full Figure o* Mormon, page 12 AHKIL IC700

BYU HOME STUDY Next best thing to being there

Whatever goals you have set for yourself, the opporEarn valuable high school and university tunity to achieve them has never been greater than credit from a selection of over 292 chalright now through a stimulating BYU Home Study lenging courses.

course. Choose from such areas as accounting, art, child development and family relationships, communications,

Wherever you live, whatever your age or occupation, computer science, dramatic arts, economics, English,

BYU can help you reach these goals in the privacy geology,osophy, politicalhealth, history,science, language,religion, mathematics,sociology, zoologyphiland convenience of your own home. and entomology.

Nationally recognized scholars personally instruct the Home Study courses by correspondence offering instruction in almost any field you may choose: Back row BYU

left to right: Rulon L. Bradley, Wayne B. Hales and J. Hugh Baird; front row left HOME BYU DEPARTMENT OF HOME STUDY

to right: Reed H. Bradford, Gerrit deJong Jr., Jenniev Poulson and Ray Waiters. Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 /STUDYI

The Voice of the Church

April 1968

Special Features

Cover Note 2 Editor's Page, The Salt Lake Temple, President David 0. McKay

4 Cyrus Dallin and the Angel Moroni Statue, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

An artist's conception of the face of 8 The Joys of Temple Work, John A. Widtsoe

the great prophet and warrior Mormon 13 Mormon: Compiler of the Book of Mormon, Author, Soldier, Holy

is our cover subject this month. This is Man of God, Marion D. Hanks

a portion of the painting of Mormon 15 To Sir, With Love—Family Movie of the Year, Doyle L. Green

working on the sacred Nephite record, 22 The Mormon Pavilion at HemisFair, Don LeFevre which is reproduced in its entirety on 26 How to Earn Up to $557 a Day, Dr. Quinn G. McKay

page 12. It illustrates an article by 58 Speech and the Gospel, Marion G. Romney

President Marion D. Hanks of the First 64 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 1, Challenge and ReCouncil of the Seventy concerning the sponse (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

man after whom the Book of Mormon 78 More Than One Son, Royce Hansen was named. Regular Features

The painting is by the famous Ameri10 Lest We Forget: Building Stones for the Temple, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

can artist, Tom Lovell, of East Norwalk, 30 Teaching: Personal Confrontation With Fundamental Questions, U.

Connecticut. Mr. Lovell was commisCarlisle Hunsaker

sioned to do the painting in 1967 and 54 Genealogy: Major Genealogical Record Sources in Norway

delivered it in February of this year. 70 Melchizedek Priesthood: The BestKept Secret in the Universe

A large backlighted transparency of 72 Today's Family: Empty Bookends, Florence B. Pinnock

the painting is on display in the Mor76 LDS Scene mon Pavilion at the HemisFair exposi80 Buffs and Rebuffs tion in San Antonio. (Please see page 82 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

About Prayer, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

22.) 84 The Church Moves On Illustrations by Mr. Lovell have ap87 These Times: Civil Disobedience and the Destruction of Freedom,

peared on the covers and on interior Dr. G. Homer Durham

pages of numerous magazines, includ88 End of an Era ing National Geographic, Reader's Di80, 84 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

gest, American, Colliers, Woman's Home

Companion, McCalls, and Ladies'Home Era of Youth 3752 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Journal. He has been awarded a gold

medal by the Society of Illustrators of Fiction, Poetry

New York City. A World War II Marine 18 Ne'er to Part, Carolyn Kaye Drew

veteran, he painted many works that 9, 36, 86, 88 Poetry hang in the Marine Corps headquarters in Washington, D.C.

B. F.Pinnock,Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL, Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd, DavidEleanorEra of O.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans.EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L Green,FlorenceNormanManaging

Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer Smith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., FranklinGeneral Director;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith.B. Sperry.AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L Payne,

the by and of Saints. Latterday of The Association Improvement Mutual Superintendent, Young General

a reserved.Christ Subscription 1968,$3.00 Latterday Christ of of Jesus ofMen's Associations Improvement The Mutual

for single year,publishedcopy, price:price, inexceptadvance; 35d threeyear the to Allyearof year. a rightsJesusadded succeeding $2.50Saints.Church each Churchyears, $8.25; years, $5.75; 2 3 subscriptions, multiple

issues. special Associations. Improvement Mutual the Quorums, Priesthood organ of for in section provided 1103, rate postage at of special for mailing Acceptance matter. class second Salt as Utah, Office, Lake at the and School System, Church Committee, Music Committee. TeachingOfficialHome 1918. July City,2, October Enteredact Post1917,

Saints. be Christ Latterday must of for acceptance of are and paid of Manuscripts on Jesus contributions. The agencies Churchother welcomes but authorizedis manuscripts for responsible not ofImprovement The

delivery for sufficientEra unsolicitedand postage by accompanied of magazine. a Address the issue slip recent include address from please change, ordering address. for of return.When notice required Thirty days'

included. is well the as new old aone as address thechange be unless cannot ismade changes City. State, Era, Salt 84111 Utah Improvement South LakeThe 79

April 1968 The Editor's Page

The SaltLake Tbmple By President David 0. McKay

PMk*..Hr eventyfive years ago this

April 6, as the highlightL I of the Sixtythird Annual General Conference of the

Church, the Salt Lake Temple was dedicated by

President Wilford Woodruff. The completion of the

Salt Lake Temple had been the goal of the Church and of all members during my youth. Now it was

a reality.

Four years later, in the summer of 1897, it was my privilege to visit with my father, Bishop David

McKay of Huntsville, and my stake president to obtain a recommend for entering the Salt Lake

Temple preparatory to fulfilling a mission call to

Great Britain.

Then there came that wonderful day, January 2, 1901, when my sweetheart and I were in that temple to be sealed as man and wife for time and all eternity.

How grateful I am for that day! All the days since

then have been made more meaningful.

The Salt Lake Temple was built during a span of 40 difficult pioneering years. Why would the Church

spend so much effort on building this and other

Improvement Era

temples? To answer that question, let us turn to the of a loving and divine Father. Yet, hundreds of milBible. The glorious gospel of Jesus Christ has again lions have died without ever having heard that there

been restored in its fullness. It is indeed the "restituis such a thing as a gospel plan.

tion of all things, which God hath spoken by the Members of the Church in this dispensation have mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began."been commanded to be a templebuilding people. In

(Acts 3:21.) the temples, baptism for and in behalf of the dead

On a certain occasion in the city of Jerusalem, there and other ordinances are administered. For this reawas assembled a large crowd of people who were son Christ, after the crucifixion, preached to the spirits

listening to the testimony of an apostle that Jesus was of many who had died, that by their acceptance of the Son of God, the resurrected Savior of men. Many the gospel, the temple ordinances could be adminin the assembly became convinced that he spoke the istered for them vicariously upon the earth, that they

truth. Realizing that they had crucified their own may be judged "according to men in the flesh."

Lord in that very city, and swayed by the declaration One of the most important phases of gospel activity of the apostle, they were led to cry out, "Men and today is associated with the temples. I refer to

brethren, what shall we do?"(Acts 2:37.) genealogical research, upon which vicarious temple

It is significant that Peter's answer named the same work is wholly dependent. Genealogical research is

means of salvation as did the mortal Jesus'reply to not only a function of the priesthood; it is also a

Nicodemus: "Repent, and be baptized every one of responsibility of every member. When conscientiously

you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of performed, this research contributes to unity in the sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost."home and permits us to catch the vision of the divine

(Acts 2:38.) nature. Let us as a Church and as a people labor

But since repentance and baptism by water as well with all our might to thus qualify as Saviors on Mount as by the Spirit are essential to salvation, how shall Zion.

the millions who have never heard the gospel, who After the Saints came to Utah, the Salt Lake Temple have never had an opportunity to be baptized, enter was the first temple under construction, but the fourth into the kingdom of God? Surely a God of love can one to be completed. The Saint George, Logan, and

never be satisfied if the majority of his children are Manti temples were completed and dedicated prior outside his kingdom, swelling eternally in either to the Salt Lake Temple. (The Church had built

ignorance, misery, or hell. Such a thought is revolting temples at Kirtland and Nauvoo, and while awaiting

to intelligent minds. On the other hand, if these the completion of the Salt Lake Temple, a temporary

millions who died without having heard the gospel temple—the Endowment House—was built on Temple

can enter into the kingdom of God without obeying Square.) Since the dedication of the Salt Lake

the principles and ordinances of the gospel, then Temple, temples have been built and now serve their

Christ's words to Nicodemus that man must be born purpose in Hawaii, Alberta ( Canada ), Arizona, Idaho, again of water and the Spirit were not the statement Switzerland, England, California, and New Zealand, of a general and eternal truth, and Peter's words on for the blessing of the Saints.

the day of Pentecost had not a universal application, I rejoice that temples are soon to be constructed even though he said plainly, "For this promise is unto in Ogden and Provo, Utah. A temple is soon to crown

you, and to your children, and to all that are afar my own Weber County, and it is fitting that one is off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call."also to be built adjacent to the campus of the Brig-

(Acts 2:39.) ham Young University. On the campus one is eduThe gospel of Jesus Christ teaches that all mankind cated for mortality; in the nearby temple these

may be saved by obedience to the laws and ordinances horizons are lifted to eternal endeavors and pursuits, thereof. Nor is the term "all"restricted in meaning Mortality and immortality are just one eternal road—

to include only a chosen few; it means every child one glorious whole!

April 1968 ist as the Statue of Liberty stands at a gateway to America with upraised torch symbolizing freedom and justice to all the world, so the statue of the

Angel Moroni, atop the central eastern spire of the Salt Lake

Temple, symbolizes the golden truths of the everlasting gospel, restored in these latter days.

The statue of the angel is the work of Cyrus E. Dallin, who

was born November 22, 1861, at Springville, Utah, a small shows ingenuity diagram The the community six miles south of Provo. the Angel in anchoringpioneers used

Moroni statue. A steel rod about two inches He was the second in a family

the base of the fromin diameter extends Illustration.by of eight children of Thomas tower, where the statue into1,500pound

two rods, slanting downward another 20 Meivin Alexander Dallin, a miner.

tower in the secured so, are firmly orfeet base The Piute and Ute Indians the bracing. additional Fromwalls by

of these rods, another rod extends downwere numerous in and around five weights holdingward, of iron weighing Springville. In the fall each, counterbalancing poundsover 400

any movement of the statue. they would receive permission to

Improvement Era

build their dwellings in the was so impressed with young East to study, and that fields, and during the winter they Dallin's talent that he talked with December brought news that would sell hides and game Jacob Lawrence, a wealthy he was going to Paris.

to the settlers. Young Cyrus Salt Lake City mining man, and He married Vittoria Colonna

learned to love these together they raised the money Murray of Roxbury, Massachusetts,

Indian neighbors as he did the to send Dallin to Boston on June 16, 1891, and rugged mountains near his home. and the studios of Truman H. immediately returned to Salt

His school slate was often Bartlett, the sculptor. Mr. Bartlett Lake City, where

filled with drawings rather than wrote a letter about the young he worked until with the prescribed lessons "Brigham Young Monument"when on Temple Square The "Appeal to the Great Spirit,"of the day.

A Presbyterian minister, in whose school he was enrolled, encouraged him to develop his art talents. Once the Reverend

Leonard needed a drawing of the decrepit adobe schoolhouse to send East to show the need for more funds. He asked Dallin at 22 years of age in Boston.

Cyrus to do the drawing, and it was soon on its way. Young

Dallin was now a real artist, one who had received money for his work.

In the spring of 1879 he went to work in one of his father's mines in Silver City, Utah, to earn enough money to go to school and study art in Provo.

At first he cooked for himself and three other employees; then

he got a job sorting ore, loading it >:;::<

in a wheelbarrow, wheeling man to the Deseret News on the winter of 1894. During

it to the shaft, and screening it. June 12, 1880, saying in part: "As this fruitful period, he sculpted

It was hard work in a rough his father is not a man of the Brigham Young monument, element, and he worked there means, it is not probable that which was unveiled at the about six months. he can afford to pay his son's golden anniversary of the arrival

One day the miners struck expenses very long. The of the pioneers in Salt Lake

some soft, white, chalky clay. tuition of the lad is free, and all Valley. He also did some

Young Dallin yielded to his that he needs is enough to pay busts of the First Presidency.

temptation and molded two lifehis board and furnish him with William B. Preston, presiding

size heads, improvising his clothes. The lad has fine bishop; John R. Winder, his

own tools. He said that he had talent for sculpture, and if properly second counselor; and D. C. Young,

experimented with clay at educated will be an honor the temple architect, together home, where he also had gained to himself and those interested with Mr. Dallin, met with

experience in carving wood in him."the First Presidency on July 21,

with his jackknife and had done A number of people were 1891, and submitted drawings of some sketching. The clay interested in furthering Dallin's spires to be placed on the

models were sent to a fair talents, and his rise was stone balls that then capped in Salt Lake City in October meteoric. In February 1884 the towers of the Salt Lake

1879, together with two it was announced that he was to Temple. They also had a

of his drawings. open a studio in Salt Lake drawing created by Dallin of a

The following spring, C. H. City, but by the end of June it heavenly messenger blowing

Blanchard of Silver City was reported that he had gone a trumpet.

April 1968

Less than a month later, on thin gauge copper could have Young, an architect. ) The letter

August 19, the designs to been used to fabricate continues finish the temple towers were the statue. "In reply to your letter

accepted by the First Presidency. On Wednesday, April 6, 1892, of inquiry concerning what I

The architect was instructed an estimated 40,000 persons had in mind'when I made the to confer with Mr. Dallin were crowded on Temple Square, statue placed on top of

concerning the cost with additional thousands on the Salt Lake Temple.

of modeling adjoining streets and vantage Permit me to state the figure of the angel to points, to witness the placing of that I had no other

"Massasoit,"overlooks Plymouth Rock, Mass. "Wilford Woodruff"S.L.C.

The Medicine Man,"in Fairmont Park, Philadelphia

top the central eastern spire. the goldleafed statue of the thought in mind but to carry

W. H. Mullins and Company, angel into position. In a general out (as best I could) my

Salem, Ohio, custom makers conference session that day commission; which was for a

of statues, took the model and members of the Church had statue of the Mormon angel constructed the 12 foot 5V2inch committed themselves to the task 'Moroni.'

figure of "24hammered copper."of finishing the Salt Lake "Other than this I know

Although the company is Temple and dedicating it one nothing....

still in business as Mullins year hence, April 6, 1893. (Signed) Cyrus E. Dallin."

Manufacturing Corporation, Some have wondered about Mr. Dallin was indeed on his

their records of the 1890's no longer the designation of the "heavenly way to becoming a great sculptor.

exist. And neither that angel in the act of blowing In January 1896 it was noted

corporation nor Kennecott his trumpet."It was called Moroni that he was doing work for

Copper Corporation and its subin a Deseret News account the Congressional Library. He

sidiary Chase Brass and reporting its placement. Many sent a cablegram of best

Copper Company can fully identify years later Mr. Dallin wrote wishes as his Brigham Young

what is meant by "24hammered a letter dated July 30, 1938, and monument was unveiled on copper."Some metallurgists addressed to "My dear Temple Square in July 1897. When

feel that it could weigh 24 Mr. Young."( Unfortunately we it was moved to its present

ounces per square foot. This do not know who Mr. Young is. position at the intersection of South

would make the copper thickness It could have been Levi Edgar Temple and Main streets, he about 0.032 inches. It is Young of the First Council was one of the speakers at a

possible that a comparatively of the Seventy or Don Carlos ceremony on Pioneer Day, 1900.

Improvement Era

He frequently came "home"golden statue on the temple spire. in the oven. It was a case

to Utah, although the Boston "I consider that my 'Angel of heredity. I always liked art

area was his home for much Moroni'brought me nearer to and began sketching and of his adult life. During the God than anything else I ever did,"modeling when just a child, and

1920's, while Mr. Dallin was said Mr. Dallin. "It seemed she, with my father, Thomas

on a visit in Salt Lake City, to me that I came to know Dallin, gave me every he stopped at Temple Square, what it means to commune encouragement."

where he was recognized by with angels from There were years of

President Levi Edgar Young heaven."Then frustration, too, in his professional

life. As a young student in

"The Scout,"on a Kansas City, Missouri, hill. "Signal of Peace,"Lincoln Park, Chicago Boston in 1884 he did an

1 equestrian statue in plaster of

Paul Revere. He spoke of it

to visitors to his studio in Salt

Lake City, believing that success was imminent. Recorded

accounts say that "every year from 1884 on, Dallin appealed to each city administration to accept his statue."

Then in early January 1940—

after 55 years—Mayor Maurice J.

Tobin, as chairman of trustees for the George Robert

White Fund, notified the 78year-old sculptor that he had been awarded a $27,500 contract to cast the figure in bronze for placement in the Paul Revere Mall, near the place where Revere's famous ride began.

Using the phrasing, but in words of the First Council of he added, "We can only create in not equal to those of Longthe Seventy, then serving as life what we are and what fellow, Mayor Tobin said:

president of the Temple Square we think.""Listen, my children, and you shall

mission. Together the two old He was on hand to speak hear,

friends talked about Mr. at the unveiling of his Of the ignoble failure of Boston to

Dallin's statues, which were Pioneer Monument at Springville, rear worldrenowned, of his historic Utah, July 24, 1932, where The equestrian statue of Paul figures, of his portrayals of he said of his mother: "She Revere;

the American Indian in authoritahad no hardships, for she had a 'Tis enough to make even an angel tive, dignified, and impressive family, and love dwelt in the swear, ways.* After attending an four walls of our home."But being only human I refuse to

organ recital by John J. Coming again to Utah despair...."

McClellan, they sat on the in June 1934, Mr. Dallin compared Cyrus Edwin Dallin, Utahborn

curb surrounding the Sea Gull his airplane trip of 22 hours dean of American sculptors,

Monument, looking at the with his parents'threemonth died November 14, 1944, journey across the plains at his home in Arlington, his better Indian 'Among known statues are: the (Fairin the early 1850's. Massachusetts, eight days short Medicine Man

mount Park, Philadelphia); the Signal of "I owe my art to my mother, of his eightythird birthday. He

Park, (Lincoln Peace Chicago); the ApSpirit to the Great peal of Jane Hamer Dallin, who loved was survived by his widow (Museum

Fine Arts, Boston); the Scout (Kansas beauty,"he recalled. "In and two sons. Another son had

City); Massasoit (Plymouth Harbor, childhood days she modeled been killed in action in France

Massachusetts, with a copy on the Utah

State Capitol grounds). things out of clay and baked them during World War I.

April 1968 e have on every hand in this Church many opportunities for gaining the great spiritual knowledge and strength with which we may surround and interpret all the acts of our lives. Every principle, every

part of the organization of this Church lends itself to the spiritual strengthening and upbuilding of our lives.

Temple work, for example, gives a wonderful opportunity of keeping alive our spiritual knowledge and strength. We believe that those who die without the faith, may be served by us, as proxies, in

the holy temples; and that these dead, because of

our unselfish labors, may be able to secure blessings, somewhat similar to those that we desire for ourselves. Thus, by serving the dead, we commit

ourselves definitely to the great eternal plan of human salvation, which constitutes the spiritual basis of all life.

The past, the present, and the future are united by our vicarious acts. The mighty perspective of

eternity is unraveled before us in the holy temples;

8 Improvement Era we see time from its infinite beginning to its endless end; and the drama of eternal life is unfolded before

us. Then I see more clearly my place amidst the Salt Lake Temple

things of the universe, my place among the purposes By Lucille Perry of God; I am better able to place myself where I

belong, and I am better able to value and to weigh, to separate and to organize the common, ordinary duties of my life, so that the little things shall not oppress me or take away my vision of the greater things that God has given us.

My brethren and sisters, we belong to the last days, in this last great dispensation, which has unfolded the great explanations of life. God has said

that this people is to prepare for the last days. The ow clouds now lay a

last days will come; there will be a time when this purple balm that heals

work shall be accomplished, and a new work underDeep wounds once cut into the canyon's taken. One of the great purposes of this Church is to breast,

prepare for the last days. There shall be signs of the Where wagon loads of stone have rolled

last days; there shall be things that will tell us when their wheels

the last days are about to occur and when they are There on the plain the chiseled blocks rose high, here. May I say to you that we need not go far away Fulfillment of the visionary plan,

to look for these signs; they are about us. I know of While yet the desert valley met the sky,

no more convincing sign of the approaching end Not yet awakened by the touch of man.

than the work now being done in our temples....

Many [more] endowments are now being done daily Now that our valley blossoms ive are heirs in the Salt Lake Temple [than] were done a few years To all they built—their testament in stone:

ago. This is a sign of the last days. When the hearts The granite walls and spires that once

of the fathers and the hearts of the children, living were theirs.

and dead, are tied together in love, and in recogniOur heritage and challenge. We have grown

tion of God's great purposes for the human family, In wealth and number—this is still the place

then the Lord has found a people which may prepare Blessed for our people—yet we know our

properly for the last great coming of the Savior and strength the purification of all things, and the reestablishment Lies in this temple. These stately walls embrace

of the true kingdom of God. P Our faith, our future in their breadth

-Conference Report, April 1922, pp. 9798. and length.

April 1968 Lest We Forget

dobe intermixed with pebbles?

Oolite from the quarries of Utah's Sanpete? Red sandstone from

nearby hills? What material should be used for the

walls of the Salt Lake Temple? There was discussion;

there was investigation.

At the morning session of the general conference on

October 9, 1852, President Heber C. Kimball of the

First Presidency challenged: "Shall we have the

temple built of stone from red butte, adobes, rock, or the best stone the mountains afford?"The conference voted that "we build a temple of the best

materials that can be obtained in the mountains of

North America,"and that the presidency decide where the stone and other materials might be obtained.

Ground was broken for the Salt Lake Temple

February 14, 1853, and the cornerstones were laid

April 6 of that year. By the time the temple foundation of red butte firestones laid in lime mortar was

finished, the granite outcroppings in Little Cottonwood Canyon, some 18 miles southeast of Temple

Square, were attracting much attention.

Stone workers were delighted with samples of the granite. The rock, technically a syenite, is gen10 Improvement Era

erally called white granite. In reality it is gray, made equally with celerity and dispatch. There are a numso by the dark color of the mica and the hornblende ber of workmen in the city, and perhaps elsewhere,

that are among its components.* It is indeed fitting who stand ready to do this face work when called

that this house of the Lord should be constructed of upon...."

granite from "the framework of the earth's crust."By 1872 the Utah Southern railroad had been built

James Livingston, who was named superintendent south through Salt Lake County, so the rock could of the red butte quarry from 1853, was transferred then be hauled to Sandy station and taken by rail into to the Little Cottonwood quarries as they were the city. President Brigham Young wrote Albert

opened. There was no need to excavate or even cut Carrington of the European Mission: "You will be

into the mountains: huge granite boulders in ages past gratified to learn that we are now shipping granite

had been strewn there. From them, with hammer, from the quarry to the Temple Block by rail all the

wedge, chisel, and lowyield explosives, the building way. A narrow gauge road is building, mostly by our

stones took shape. Sometimes halfdriven chisels people, running up from a junction with the Utah

and wedges were left for days, months, or even Southern at Sandy Station. On April 4 [1873] I wityears. nessed the loading of the first rock shipped over this

The stones defied sawing, and the folktale of allowroad, and we brought it on our train."(Millennial

ing water to freeze in a crack and thereby split the Star, Vol. 35, p. 314.

rock is erroneous, although an inventive workman It is ironic that manv of the great stones for the may have tried to do that. temple were transported before the coming of the

The stones were prepared at the quarries and taken on the long, tortuous way to Temple Square. In the

beginning the hauling was done mostly by ox teams, and it was not an unusual sight in the 1860's to see four, six, or eight toiling oxen hauling one gigantic stone or two smaller ones on the threeor fourday journey.

Later a few mule teams were used. One never feared

losing the way to or from the quarries—it was marked

with broken wagons and gear. A canal was projected

to float the stone on its way, and much work was accomplished there before it was realized that the coming railroad was the answer. The canal effort

was not lost; the stream was used to bring irrigation

water to fertile fields in the valley. railroad, with its spur line up South Temple Street

Skilled stoneworkers finished the stones on Temple into Temple Square. Still, it is recorded that at the

Square. (It was difficult to find such workers, and death of President Brigham Young four years later,

over the years some of the quarrymen who were espein the summer of 1877, the temple walls stood about

Square to Temple were transferredcially adept for feet foot and 20 each above one the ground—scarcely the stones took finishers.) Masons finallybecame in height, of construction. year grew But as the walls

and placed them in the wall. so did the enthusiasm for making them grow. When

In 1876 this letter was circulated: the towers began to appear, the enthusiasm was at

"... The Presidents of Seventies have issued a feverish pitch. The Salt Lake Temple was completed

circular calling upon their quorums to continue their and dedicated by President Wilford Woodruff April 6, present labors on the Temple and in the quarry. It is 1893—40 years to the day after the cornerstones were

desirable that the High Priests'and Elders'quorums laid. O

continue their labors as heretofore, that the work upon e During the spring of 1882 the the Temple may progress as fast as practicable during stone was analyzed as follows:

the winter, and that preparation may be made for the Silica 68.60

accomplishment of a great work the next summer. If Alumina 15.74

any of the quorums can provide for the payment of PeroxideLime of iron 4.013.15

competent workmen to do the fine cutting for the Soda 5.98

outside courses it should be attended to, as there is a PotassiumMagnesia 2.52.51

large amount of common stone now cut, and being Manganous oxide.12

cut, and it requires a stronger force of workmen for Total 100.63

the outside finish, that all portions may progress

April 1968 11 f V*

\ V* m

.1

—p.Wl -,-; 'PtV.

'JH},'; $*'", *

"J&)# J iffiBk m 1 -;**SJ|

fafc,

. ifJ m HB// 7

i J*

flfe)

'Sfe*

Oil Alma, converted through the preaching of

Abinadi, found refuge from King Noah's court and established the Church of Christ. Mormon,

with all his other duties, served as historian and custodian of the records of his people and was assigned the monumental task of abridging those records into a concise account. As chief literary

figure and laborer, his name was given to the completed record, though in fact it was written by many authors.

ormon, compiler Mormon the Man and abridger of What went into the making of this prophetthe Book of generalhistorian? What mattered most to him?

Mormon, was a prophet and a holy man who also What did he teach? How well did his life reflect

served as commander of the armed forces of the his convictions?

Nephite nation. Combining in his character the Mormon was a "pure descendant"of Lehi and

qualities of great strength and deep spirituality, of Nephi. It is remarkable to observe how

he was a teacher and guide to his people, testifyearly in life his disposition and commitment being of Jesus and crying repentance to them while came evident:

he led their armies to brilliant military victories. At ten years of age he was known by responSickened with their unrighteous arrogance sible men to be a "sober child,... quick to

when his people, forgetting God, celebrated their observe,"and received a significant assignment soldierly triumphs by boasting of their own for the future.

strength, Mormon refused for a time to lead them At 11 he traveled with his father to the land in battle. He condemned their oaths of vengeance of Zarahemla.

and death against their enemies, but relented At 15 he was "visited of the Lord, and tasted when their dreadful defeat and destruction beand knew of the goodness of Jesus."

came inevitable; he marched with their armies In his sixteenth year he commanded the armies

and died with them in the terrible struggles that of the Nephites.

resulted in the virtual extinction of the Nephite In his teens he fearlessly sought to preach renation. pentance to the people at a time when they had

He was named after the land of Mormon, where "no gifts from the Lord, and the Holy Ghost did

April 1968 13 not come upon any."A Wise and Faithful Teacher

As with other great men, as with the Lord himself when he was on the earth, Mormon's remarkMormon lived his convictions. The great

able mission and contribution took form while spiritual depth of his teachings was combined he was very young; he made up his mind and with wise counsel for the daily problems of life

committed his life in his early years. The great and personal conduct consistent with his profespromise was fulfilled in a life of selfless service. sions. Humbly he pleaded with his people to live

with honor, to protect "that which [is] most dear

He Loved the Lord and precious above all things, which is chastity

The signature of his service is found in Morand virtue."

mon's simple statement: He urged them

"Behold, I am a disciple of Jesus Christ, the to "pray unto the Father with all the energy

Son of God. I have been called of him to declare of the heart."

his word among his people, that they might have to "know that God is not a partial God."

everlasting life."to have charity, for "charity is the pure love

He believed and taught forcefully that "in of Christ, and it endureth forever."

Christ there should come every good thing."to pray and act and give "with real intent of

He urged them to "search diligently in the light heart."

of Christ that ye may knoiv good from evil; and if to be sensitive to the Spirit of Christ, which

ye will lay hold upon every good thing,... ye is "given to every man, that he may know

certainly will be a child of Christ,"for, he said, good from evil."

Christ "advocateth the cause of the children of to believe in prophets and angels and miracles, men."for God works in "divers ways"to "manifest

things unto the children of men."

He Loved His People to believe in the restoration of the Jews and

Notwithstanding their wickedness, Mormon the Lamanites, in the gathering in of the loved his people: house of Jacob and the house of Joseph.

"I had led them many times to battle, and had loved them, according to the love of God which Admonition and Promise was in me, with all my heart; and my soul had Much of Mormon's life was lived amidst carnage

been poured out in prayer unto my God all the and destruction and tragic unrighteousness, yet day long for them...."he fought both evil and enemy to the death.

"And my prayer to God is concerning my brethStrong and faithful himself, he sought to the ren, that they may once again come to the knowlend to bring his people to repentance. His valeedge of God, yea, the redemption of Christ...."dictory may well have been in his plea that

"I love little children with a perfect love; and "they who have faith in him will cleave unto

they are all alike and partakers of salvation."every good thing,"and in the admonition delivered

Mormon prayed for his people, noting that their through his son Moroni:

repentance was not sincere but was the "sorrow- "Wherefore, my beloved brethren, pray unto ing of the damned,"and that "the day of grace the Father with all the energy of heart, that ye was passed with them, both temporally and may be filled with this love, which he hath bespiritually."stowed upon all who are true followers of his Son,

The earnest ambitions of his heart were "that I Jesus Christ; that ye may become the sons of

could persuade all ye ends of the earth to repent God."O

and prepare to stand before the judgmentseat of References:Mormon 8. Mormon3 Nephi1:2,5:13,1:6,5:2026.1:14, 1:15,Moroni2:1, 7 2:2,:9, 7 2:1315.:16, 7:19, Words7:22,

of Christ."7:24, 7:28, 7:4748, 8:1718, 9:9.

14 Improvement Era ""Vr

,- v i-r".

***** jfl

Teacher Sidney Poitier demonstrates the fine art of making a salad the London docks in To Sir With Love. The film was selected by

to his class of underprivileged youngsters in a slum school near Latterday Saint agencies to receive the movie of the year award.

To Sir,With Love Family Movie of the Year By Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor

The camera focuses on one student after ansitive, Academy Awardwinning actor. Also

other in a classroom. They are radiant. Their starring are a dozen or so young people who take

faces are washed, their hair is combed, and their the parts of the students. They do a superb and

clothes are clean. The teacher has just come in. convincing job portraying rejects from other

For a brief time he finds it hard to speak, and he schools who are taught manners, morals, selfjust looks at the students. Finally he says, "For control, cleanliness, and many other valuable les-

a moment I thought I was in the wrong room."sons by their devoted teacher.

This is just one of a series of marvelous transTo Sir, With Love is based on a book of the formations that take place in the students of this same name by E. R. Braithwaite. The author

senior class in a slum school near the London was born and spent his early years in the country docks, under the tutelage of an understanding, now known as Guyana. (He is now the ambassador

dedicated, and determined teacher as portrayed in from that nation to the United Nations.) Coming

the fine motion picture To Sir, With Love. to the United States to continue his education,

To Sir, With Love was selected by a panel of he obtained a degree from City College in New judges to receive the third annual family movie York City, and subsequently earned a master's of the year award presented by The Improvement degree in physics at Caius University in CamEra, the Deseret News, KSL, and Brigham Young bridge, England. After serving as a fighter pilot

University. The movie and its writers, producers, in World War II, he returned to civilian life.

directors, and actors were honored March 28 in Because of racial prejudice, he was unable to find daylong activities that included a student assem- a position as a physicist, so he took a job teaching bly and an award dinner held on the BYU campus. in a slum school in the heart of London's East

Star of the film is Sidney Poitier, dynamic, senEnd. His book is based on his actual experiences

April 1968 15

i:: >...:::|MMPP*'*Sj----- "Jjiiiar-.

J

v

A film to bridge the socalled generation gap

working with the underprivileged students in that life, assume your responsibilities, develop your school. potential. ("Are you a hoodlum or are you a

Some may hold that To Sir, With Love is not a man?"the teacher asks a student who is in a

family movie. True, it undoubtedly will not apscrape.)

peal to the very young, but it has been extremely The lesson it teaches adults is this: Young

popular with schoolage children, particularly people are basically good and they need to be listeenagers. Anyone who has been in a classroom tened to. They deserve to have their questions

situation should enjoy it. Adults have been answered. They need to be handled with firmness

flocking to see it. tempered with love.

It is a film that is warm and moving, humorous We commend the author of the book. We conand gripping. One laughs often and sheds a few gratulate James Cavell for producing the motion

tears occasionally. Most of us will see a little picture, and we hold it up as evidence that movie

of ourselves in the rebellious and unruly students. goers do not favor films that are loaded with

Many of us will relate with the problems, frussex, perversion, and evil. To Sir, With Love was

trations, and challenges faced by the teacher. one of 1967's greatest hits and continues to be a

The selection of this film as the family movie strong box office attraction. For example, the

of the year does not imply that everything in it film grossed $3,625,000 in ten weeks in 28 New meets Church standards. On the contrary, in YorkNew Jersey area theaters. This is reported

portraying the people and conditions in the east to be the most money ever recorded for a film

London slum areas, it shows young people smokplaying in one group of theaters in this part of ing and wearing dresses that are too short, hair the country. Similar reports come from wherever

that is too long, and clothes that are too dirty. It the film has been shown. Columbia Pictures reshows behavior that is unbecoming. Some foul vealed last September that the film had broken

language is used. It could possibly be argued that more house records than any other film in the

these few "undesirable"things do not have to be company's history.

included in the story. But be that as it may, it is Our first family movie of the year, The Sound

felt that the overall effect of the film is good and of Music, is already one of the alltime money that it teaches many valuable lessons and may makers. Walt Disney proved over a period of

help bridge the socalled generation gap. many years that substantial amounts can be made

The message it holds for young people is this on good, clean movies. We hope that our friends

You will soon be adults and will be out in the in the movie industry will produce more films like world to make a living, to marry, and to become these—movies that box office receipts prove

part of society. You should, therefore, face up to viewers want to see. O

16 Improvement Era Spring books for your reading pleasure

1. OUT OF THE WEST

by Lu Jones Waite $3.95

A captivating novel that tells of a young Mormon girl emotionally torn by the conflict between her faith and her love for a nonMormon. A fastpaced and absorbing story set against

a ranch and rodeo background.

2. TAKE A GIANT STEP $2.95

by Jane Lund and Nancy Menlove

A thoroughly enjoyable book for children containing fourteen original fables for today. These stories point

out morals without being "preachy,"and will awaken young people to good manners, industry, thrift, responsibility and other admirable qualities.

REGISTER OF L.D.S. RECORDS

by Laureen R. Jaussi and Gloria D. Chaston $3.95

A valuable guide to the various Church records available, together with information on how to make use of them in genealogical research. Contains a register of call numbers to

enable researchers to prepare a calendar of research prior to visiting the library. This volume will be a great help to

those using branch genealogical libraries.

THE ART OF BEING A MEMBER MISSIONARY by Florence G. Butler $2.95

President McKay has issued the challenge "every member a missionary."This vital and motivating book tells us how we

can prepare ourselves to be truly effective missionaries, and how we can help others with their missionary work.

FOR BEHOLD YE ARE FREE by Lynn McKinlay $2.50

Out of print but now reprinted, this worthwhile book is a stimulating discussion of the purpose of free agency. It

impels the reader to thoughtful consideration of the great purpose of earth life in fitting us for a life in eternity.

THE LATTERDAY SAINTS by Robert Mullen $3.95

A thoroughly objective and pleasing written survey of the history and presentday activities of the Latterday Saints.

As the author is a nonmember, his informative investigation into the origins and doctrines of the Church provides potential converts with a fair and unbiased appraisal.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City,

Utah 84110 OR 777 South Main, Orange, California 92668.

Circle item wanted: 12 3 4 5 6

Total cost $, which includes 3W%> sales tax fortteseretCOM P A N Y Book Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax for California 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL residents ordering from Orange.

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Name

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Address -

City State..Zip.

April 68 Bra L-:...; J '; rs ill #,

.

t was to her a return to the only place in her childhood that signified security and stability and all the joys of knowing she belonged to loved ones.

It was also a farewell to the people who were leaving, to the place that was to be no more, and to the shy little girl with a soft smile who was becoming a mature individual. 35#ir

By Carolyn Kaye Drew Just a few days before, Nannie's grandfather had illustrated by Jerry Thompson died. The painful trip back for the funeral had been

a farewell to the memories found in Oklahoma. At

( Inspired hy hymn 87, that time her aunts and uncles had decided that "O What Songs Grandma was too old to remain at the farm alone;

she would be much happier and safer at a nearby of the Heart") rest home. And anyway, they said, the old farm must

be sold so the new freeway could go through.

Not only were the people and the places of Oklahoma changing, thought Nannie Walker, but she herself was changing, and so were others around her.

In the fall she was going west to college; at about

the same time her stepfather would be transferred

Carolyn Kaye Drew, English instructor at Oklahoma

State University at Stillwater and teacher in the to Germany, and her mother and halfsisters would

Church's auxiliaries, credits personal genealogical reaccompany him. Surely this year she would have to

search for the inspiration of this story. find out who she was and what she believed in.

18 Improvement Era These thoughts had not really affected her too silent. They were uncomfortable, for here was a bond

greatly until her last morning at her grandmother's they could not share.

home. Before that she had been too occupied with "Nannie, I know your mind is made up, and I've

the business of the funeral and helping Grandma to mentioned it before, but all of us would feel so much pack. Now she suddenly felt somewhat lost and better if you wouldn't go. State university is just 50

bewildered. miles from here, and we could see you occasionally."

That morning she came down the stairs, lookNannie's eyes fell when she saw the longing and ing carefully at every board, at every bare patch on love in her grandmother's eyes, but she knew she must the wall, and listening closely to each individual remain firm on this second major decision in her sound—from her grandmother's heavy footsteps on the life.

wooden floor to the pleasant lisping of the wind There was so much she wanted to tell—about a

through minute cracks and defects. And always in girl friend who had asked questions and then taken

the back of her mind was that anxious question that her to church, about this wonderful new religion that she found painful. had changed her life and personality, about a school

Even when her grandmother said "good morning,"where she could grow spiritually and scholastically

Nannie could sense in the older woman's actions the with other fine young people. But she couldn't bring

dreadful aura of farewell, for her hands shook just a herself to say anything. It was a source of contention

little more than usual, and her pale blue eyes darted with her parents and relatives, whose hearts were not quickly around the room: she also was saying open to this strange new message, but Nannie herself

goodbye. found many excuses not to tell them of her beliefs.

"Is everything about finished, Grandma?"Nannie Breakfast was finished quickly, as Grandma rambled

asked as she reached for the warm, crisp strips of on about the details of how the house was to be torn bacon. down and how the highway would come straight

"Yes, child, I guess this useless old woman is ready through the land.

to leave,"she replied, but the voice was eager for a "Nannie,"she said, as they finished cleaning the refutation of those words. kitchen and washing and packing the dishes, "your

"Old! My word, Grandma, if I had half your train will leave in about an hour, so ran on upstairs

energy, I still wouldn't know as much as you or and get dressed. Then why don't you take a walk

couldn't manage half as well."about the place one last time?"

The grandmother looked pleased, for she knew Mechanically Nannie obeyed, although her lips

Nannie's words came straight from her heart. The couldn't form an answer, because the words "last time"

girl had always admired the skill and enthusiasm of kept running through her mind.

the older woman, although some of that proud spirit When she returned, Grandma was at the doorway had quieted in the last few days, and it now took looking out at the unplowed fields and the swaying longer for her to make decisions. branches of the elms and maples. Then she beckoned

"No, Grandma, no coffee. Just milk, please,"Nanthe girl and put an arm around her waist.

nie said as her grandmother approached her with "I said I wouldn't look anymore. I said I wouldn't

coffee pot and cup. mourn it, but I do, Nannie. Jesse and I came here

The older woman looked puzzled and slightly hurt when we got married, and I love every inch of the for a moment; then she remembered. "That's right, ground, every bit of it. His father and his father's

hon; you've given up coffee. Please forgive me. I father lived and died here. Your father was born

guess I'm getting old, and I still remember how you here, and you've spent much time here. This is

looked forward to your first cup."where the Walkers have grown up and lived and

Nannie had to laugh at this. She could remember loved, but now we have to say goodbye to it, Nannie.

well that cold October morning when she had raced It's going to be no more."

downstairs to be met by a merryeyed grandfather Strange things were churning in Nannie's body, and and grandmother. They had informed her that at 12 she wanted to burst into tears, but she knew it would

she was finally old enough to have a small cup of be too hard for both of them.

coffee. How wonderful that black steaming liquid in "I had hoped, Nannie, that someday you would

the blue and white cup had looked—and how awful marry a boy around here, settle here, and raise your

it had tasted! children here, but things change. The land's no

Then her eyes dropped as she remembered her reamore, and the Walkers aren't a family anymore.

son for going west in the fall. Grandma also became Now run along and say goodbye to every fence post

April 1968 19 and every rock and everything that stands for Walker."The new highway wouldn't touch this place, but

Swiftly Nannie twisted by her grandmother and someday it would be forgotten and lost. Someday

ran out to the porch. She knew that little teardrops she too would be forgotten and lost by her dewere on Grandma's cheek—tears that she was too scendants. Then the dam broke, and the tears flowed

proud to let her granddaughter see. freely. She fell forward at the foot of Grandpa's

Nannie took several deep breaths; then, feeling grave, and the feelings kept so long inside were out

better, she began a final inspection of home. at last.

And it was home. After her father died, when she "Oh, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, I love you so

was two, Nannie had come to stay with her grandmuch, Grandpa! You were so good to me, and I do

parents until her mother was able to cope with a love you, but I never told you. I love you and

small, active child. Through the years, her summers everyone here! I am you, Grandpa, and I'm a part of

had been spent here. After Mother married John, Daddy and my brother and Aunt Evelyn and all the

Nannie had even stayed on the farm another two full Walkers. I love you so and someday I know we'll be

years. Then, in all the moving that she had done together—all of us. We shall meet ne'er to partduring the next ten years, her grandparents alone never—because a prophet of the Lord has promised

had remained the same—lovely, kindhearted souls—this."Nannie sat up and checked her tears.

and the farm had remained the same safe haven. "But I've got a lot to do first, an awful lot. I have

Now.... to find out so much about you, and then there are

She examined everything with a fierce intensity—ordinances that I've heard about since I joined the

the old well, overgrown now with wild flowers; the Church. I love you—you're all good people—and I've

weedy vegetable patch; the lilacs; the tool shed, held back your progress. Because I love you, Grandunpainted and empty; the empty chicken house. "I pa, and because I know I shall love all my kindred

must remember this... I must remember that."In dead just as much, I shall do my genealogy. That's

a few moments she was trying to will all these what a family is, not a place. Nothing's changed. A

memories into the essence of her soul, where they family will be forever!"

would remain forever. A sudden stillness came over her, and she felt a

"Dearest God, this must change, and I must change, strange peace. A question that had been asked had

but please don't ever let me become indifferent to been answered, and anxiety was gone. Never before

all it means to me, to all that I shall become!"had she felt so calm and rested, nor so eager to give

Then, glancing at her watch, she realized she had of herself. When at last she could see Grandpa and

only a few minutes left, and still she hadn't been to all her loved ones who had passed on before, she the most important place of all. She began to run would surely greet them with a kiss and with no

toward it, but then returned to the lilacs. With a wild shame for things undone. She had had the chance to

sense of abandonment she plucked an armload of the hear and accept the gospel and to be baptized, and blooms, and thus armed she walked to the Walker her honored dead would have the same opportunity.

family cemetery. She heard the horn of Uncle Carl's car and knew

Two gnarled old trees stood guard over five genher bags were loaded and that he and Grandma were erations of Walkers. As she opened the iron gate, ready to take her to the train. After drying her

Nannie felt the hush that had always affected her eyes and dusting off her skirt, she rose to leave. But

here and also—more strongly than ever—the unrest as she closed the gate, she stopped with her hand on

that had bothered her since she had heard the name the gatepost.

"Mormon."Yes, there were many things to ask Grandma and

She looked around at the graves of those she loved Aunt Alice, and there was much careful research to be and those she would have liked to have loved; then done, but she also had another obligation—to the

carefully she placed a branch of lilacs by each marker. living. There was a 15minute drive to the depot, and

Here was the grave of Aunt Evelyn, who had died of that was plenty of time to talk to Grandma and even cancer four years ago. Here were the graves of the to Uncle Carl. Why had she been afraid to talk over

father she hadn't known except from a snapshot or these things when they had shared everything else?

two, the brother who had died after only a few hours Why keep from them in this life the most precious of life. The rest were Walkers, some known only by gift of all?

name or reputation. In the far corner was the new Hers was a great privilege, being the first of her

grave of her grandfather, where she placed the last family to hear the gospel, and hers was the privilege of the lilacs, the prettiest. of sharing it with all those she loved most. o

20 Improvement Era Reprinted again by popular demand!

4. GOSPEL THROUGH THE 6. GLORY OF THE SUN rich background material to reinforce compiled by Fred Turney

AGES by Milton R. Hunter by Sterling W. Sill the truth of the Book of Mormon. The diary and letters of a college

Presents the story of the plan of life A volume rich and full of the author's $3.50 student. The frank expression of a

ideals, philosophy, in and young man's the spirit instituted salvation and most popular and easytounderstand 8. GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH

for Inspiring problems. reading youth world before placed was man jpon messages, illustrations, dramatic by Derek Harland and STANDARDS parents. and earth. the revelations Discusses the motivating Soulstirring thoughts. $2.00

in in detail, Lists of truths. eternal a simple, yet comprebeautifully stated.., $3.50 philosophy 10. LIFE LETTERS PAUL'S AND $3.75 style, a the of hensive steps research

5. DIE IF A MAN B. Sperry Sidney by Dr. of Contains campaign. a study source

(and 7. LEHI IN THE DESERT by Gordon Allred Latterto help materials their volume use. Essential and monumental for A

Takes you from premortal life through the World of the Jaredites) every student of genealogy. day Saints better appreciate the great

death and into the spirit world. It is by Hugh Nibley $2.95 Apostle Paul's testimony and contripunctuated throughout by quotations The fascinating history of the land of bution to the world. Outlines the writfrom leading Church authorities. Jerusalem and the Egyptian world as 9. LARRY THOUGHTS OF ings, teachings, and experiences of

Thoughtprovoking reading. $3.50 well as the Arabian peninsula. Includes YOUTH Paul. $3.50

/ Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 m BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amount Of $ (Residents of Utah add 3W% sales tax.)

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP BHIHKI3HwBMH9wflMRHBHBHHBMBHBI

April 1968 21 The 622foot Tower of the Americas looms in background as men place Angel Moroni statue in front of pavilion.

n 1718, when Spain founded the settlement of

San Antonio in what we know today as the state of

Texas, the Prophet Joseph Smith's birth was still 87 years in the future, and the restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ was more than a century away.

In 1836, when Davy Crockett, Jim Bowie, and 186 other heroes were giving their lives for Texas freedom at San Antonio's historic battle of the Alamo,

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was an infant of six years; the majority of the Saints were

in Ohio, where the first temple of the latter days had just been built and dedicated.

In 1845, when the Republic of Texas entered the

Union as the twentyeighth state and San Antonio was already 127 years old, the Prophet Joseph had been in his grave a year, and the famed westward trek of the Mormon pioneers was not far off.

The restored gospel was introduced in the state of

Texas in 1843, and today there are more than 33,000 members in eight stakes and two missions within the a Bountiful (Utah)Don LeFevre, member of the South state.

presidency, is information coordinator missionStake for the Mormon Pavilion at HemisFair '68. These interesting parallels in the histories of San

Antonio, Texas, and the Church will go a step further

22 Improvement Era San Anton/o, Texas, center of HemisFair '68, celebrates its 250th anniversary during a sixmonth long fiesta.

this spring when the aging but charming city of San the San Antonio Stake, and President Dean L. Larsen

Antonio kicks off a sixmonth run of the biggest fair of the Texas South Mission, whose headquarters are ever held in the southwestern United States—in San Antonio.

HemisFair 1968. President Bremer, a descendant of one of the early

The opening day is April 6, which coincidentally is Latterday Saint families in Texas, has also been the 138th anniversary of the formal organization of involved in the overall planning for HemisFair '68 and the Church of the latter days. Appropriately enough, is a member of its Religious Expression Committee.

HemisFair '68 will feature among its dozens of fasciThe Mormon Pavilion, a structure of 4,000 square nating exhibits a pavilion operated by the Church. feet, is in a choice location on the 93acre fair site in

HemisFair '68 is a $156 million exposition combindowntown San Antonio. It stands in the shadow of

ing the gaiety of a festival, the vigor and spontaneity the giant HemisFair landmark, the Tower of the of the frontier, the sophisticated adventure of Space Americas, a spire that rises 622 feet above the fair.

Age technology, and the eternal import of the gospel A few hundred yards to the north of the Mormon of Jesus Christ. Pavilion is the famed Alamo, a monument to one of

Described as a "sixmonth-long fiesta along the the great battles fought for Texas independence.

historic Paseo del Rio,"a river winding through the The focal point of the pavilion's exterior will be a heart of San Antonio, the fair has scores of governlarge gold figure of the Angel Moroni standing atop mental and private exhibitors who have assembled a tall pylon. The fiber glass statue is the same one

paintings and sculpture from throughout the world that towered above the Mormon Pavilion at the New to illustrate the theme, "The Confluence of CivilizaYork World's Fair in 1964 and 1965, and is a replica tions in the Americas."of the Cyrus Dallin statue that has stood atop the

This theme fits the Church's exhibit "probably center eastern spire of the Salt Lake Temple since better than it does any other exhibit in the fair,"1892.

according to Elder Bernard P. Brockbank, Assistant The pavilion will feature a series of displays that

to the Council of the Twelve and managing director will revolve around the theme "Man's Search for of the pavilion. Happiness,"with a subtheme, "The Savior Came to

"We believe that Jesus Christ is the Savior of all America."This subtheme will be graphically illusmankind,"Elder Brockbank says. "He revealed his trated by a large color translite of a new painting

teachings to the people of the Western Hemisphere, by John Scott, noted American illustrator, depicting just as he did to those in the Old World."the Savior in the midst of the ruins of Zarahemla,

Elder Brockbank will manage the pavilion under and surrounded by those in America who had surthe direction of the First Presidency; the Church vived the holocaust following the Lord's crucifixion

Information Committee, with Elder Mark E. Petersen in the Old World. This painting will be featured

of the Council of the Twelve as chairman; and the both at the entrance to the pavilion and in one of the

exhibitsin-fairs subcommittee, with Elder Gordon B. displays inside.

Hinckley of the Council of the Twelve as chairman. Translites of other paintings, previously used at

Cooperating with Elder Brockbank will be Howard either the New York World's Fair Mormon Pavilion

J. Marsh, Regional Representative of the Twelve in or the Temple Square Visitors'Center, are exhibited:

Texas and Louisiana, President Roland C. Bremer of Joseph Smith in prayer in the Sacred Grove; the

April 1968 23 A few hundred yards north of the pavilion is the famed Alamo, site Monorail track, which circles the 93acre fair site, runs near the of a battle fought for Texas independence. Church's pavilion, shown in the background.

Prophet receiving the plates from the Angel Moroni; Mormon Tabernacle Choir on July 23 and 24 in San

bestowal of the Melchizedek Priesthood by the hands Antonio's new concert hall on the HemisFair grounds.

of Peter, James, and John; Jesus Christ and the The choir will also perform in Dallas, Texas, on July

original twelve apostles; and six historic religious 22, and will fly on to Mexico City for an engagement

reformers and their thoughts about a restoration of after the HemisFair performances.

the gospel. A large translite of the new painting The HemisFair officials have officially declared

of Mormon (see cover and cover note) is also feaJuly 24 as Mormon Pioneer Day, and the choir aptured in the pavilion. pearance is expected to highlight the festivities for

Visitors to the pavilion find the structure set on that day.

tastefully landscaped grounds. Once inside, they The fair corporation has also declared April 10 as

enter a mirrored room that features a series of mirMormon Founders Day, and several of the General rors with endless reflection. Recorded narration tells Authorities are expected to be on hand for the occaof the Savior and his mission, and additional impact sion. The April 10 date was selected when it was

is given by the presence of a large picture of the concluded by Fair officials that the actual anniSavior, which is also reflected in the mirrors. versary of the Church's organization, April 6, might

Another new feature to the pavilion is a lifesize be an inconvenient commemorative day, since it is statue of the Prophet Joseph Smith, which was rethe opening day of the Fair, and, in addition, general cently created in Italian marble to duplicate the conference would be in session in Salt Lake City.

original on Temple Square by Mahonri Young. The There will be other special events at the Mormon

statue was created in Florence, Italy. Pavilion during the April to October run of the fair.

Visitors to the pavilion may also see the muchNearly a million visitors are expected to view the heralded motion picture, Man's Search for Happiness, Church exhibit. Hopefully, a good percentage of

which has had great impact on audiences wherever them will come to a fuller realization of the true it has been shown. The film conveys the meaning purpose of life and gain a desire to embark on a fruitof man's true purpose in life. A Spanish translaful path in man's search for eternal happiness. O

tion of the film's dialogue will be available via special earphone headsets for nonEnglish-speaking visitors.

The main exhibit on display at the pavilion, as at the

New York World's Fair, will be the missionary guides who will take visitors through the pavilion. About

Telephone workmen on the HemisFair '68 fairgrounds discovered an 50 missionaries, many of them bilingual for Spanishearly copy of Elder Parley P. Pratt's "Voice of Warning"tract,

speaking visitors, will guide visitors through the according to President Roland C. Bremer of the San Antonio Stake.

building, bearing their testimonies, giving explanations, TheFranktractKnow/tonhad beenaboutgiven1898to ora 1900.San AntonioElder Know/ton,family by whoan Elderwas

and answering questions. As often has been noted, the serving in the Southwestern States Mission with headquarters in

young, wholesome, sincere missionaries are the most inKansasSan City,Antonio.is thoughtTelephoneto be officialsone of thegavefirstthemissionariespamphlet toto serveSan

successful and meaningful exhibits the Church could Antonio Stake officials.

display.

One of the special features of the Church's in- '9.......volvement at HemisFair will be two concerts by the i,.:.. *J i:: "t "

24 Improvement Era - Your Choice $1.49

when you join the LDS Books Club!

tAMII.YNKiHT

RKADKK

. l/ou/m/

2. The Day They to Book Answers of the Fate

6. Faith of a 7. Night Family 4. 3. Through1. Gospel Book of Bigger Than the Mormon 5.Martyred of of Mormon Persecutors

3.0i Scientist 2.50 Reader 3.50 3.50 Testifies Agesthe Yourself 3.25 3.25 Prophet 3.50 Questions 3.50 Smith Joseph

I he '"';:"

Magic ot Mtormonism

RAWEST.

11. Joseph Smith

12. Just to the 15. Leadership, 14. Leadership, 16. Magic of 10. House 13. Law of 9. His Many His Mother of the by

Illustrate 3.50 3.50 Vol. I 3.75 Vol. 3.50 3.25 Harvest II 3.75 Mormonism 2.95 Lord Mansions 3.50

MATTHW

COWLEY flPEWty * \(ml ofjolth; gftjSBD

Mastet'*

18. Matthew 19. Melvin J. 21. Motherhood, A 22. Oliver Cowdery 23. Pearl of Great

17. The Master's* Cowley, Man of Ballard—Crusader 20. Missouri Partnership with -2nd Elder & Price Commentary 24. Penny Earned

Touch 3.50 Faith 3.50 3.50 Persecutions 3.50 God 3.50 Scribe 3.50 3.50 3.00

YOUR FAITH E 8nVl IN GOD 1 TEACH

25. Science and 26. Gospel and 29. Answers to

Your Faith in God Man's Relationship 27. Meet the 28. Our Moral Gospel Questions, 30. You Too Can 31. The Character 32. The Valley of

3.50 to Diety 3.25 Mormons 2.95 Challenge 2.95 Vols. 1-5 2.95 ea. Teach 3.00 of Jesus 3.25 Tomorrow 3.50

Cherished

Experiences

35. Home Memories 37. Teachings of 39. Inspirational 40. Stories from

33. Here is 34. Cherished of Pres. David 0. 36. Restoration of the Prophet Joseph 38. What Do Talks for Youth Mormon History

Brigham 4.75 Experiences 3.1 McKay 2.95 All Things 3.50 Smith 3.50 Now? 3.50 2.95 3.50

How to Join Choose at least two books from those pictured LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

here. Send your check or money order for your P.O. BOX 400

first selection(s) at the regular listed price, plus Salt1188 LakeSouthCity,MainUtah 84110 $1.49 for your bonus book.* Each month you will Please enroll me as a member of the LOS Books Club, Inc. Enclosed

receive reviews of several books. You agree to is my check or money order for $ for the following

purchase a minimum of four regular selections or circled books:

alternates during the next twelve months at the 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 regular advertised price. (Premium books for 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31

joining LDS Books Club do not qualify as regular

Club selections or alternates.) You may resign at 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40

any time after purchasing four books. For each Name

four books accepted, you will receive a valuable Address bonus book free—a savings of 20%. City............. State.....Zip....;.

Offer good until July 1, 1968

April 1968 25 to that are transportation costs when one lives at home, and board and room when one lives away from home. Should one choose to

go to a private school, tuition alone can be $1,800, plus several hundred dollars for books, fees, and board and room. From this perspective,

Taming Financial Folly Into Fainily Fan (Part 4) a college education may seem out of reach for many.

Nevertheless, the true cost of education is relatively inexpensive.

In fact, it may be far more expensive not to get an education. It

is estimated that the future earnings of a student who goes to college may be as much as $557.00 for

every day spent in college. No,

he does not get a check for this amount, but there is a high correlation between education and lifekow much does it time earning power.

cost to go to The U.S. Census Bureau recently

college? In these clays of rising published a widely discussed bookBy Quinn G. McKay, Ph.D. costs, some despair of just trying let that projects the earnings until

Dean, School of Business and Economics, to make ends meet. Food prices age 65 for (1) 22year-old men

Weber State College are increasing, costs of building a with eighth grade education; (2)

home are going up, clothes carry those with four years of high higher prices than previously, colschool, and (3) those with four or lege educations are increasingly more years of college. The projecexpensive, and the projections look tions are treated in 46 pages of

even worse. Because of this distables and calculations in "Present

couraging outlook, many parents Value of Estimated Lifetime Earndo not encourage their children to ings,"available for 40 cents from go to college, and many young Superintendent of Documents, people who can find a job that Washington, D.C. 20402. The folpays enough for them to meet a lowing analysis is based on "actual

monthly car payment feel that average earnings, from census fighigher education is not worth it. ures, with projections for the future

College does seem expensive. under varying circumstances."

Except where the first two years are tuition free, state college fees Average Lifetime are usually more than $300 tuition Years of Education Earnings for nine months, plus books, equipFour years of college ment, and other special fees. Added or more $1,125,000

26 Improvement Era High school graduate 625,000 me more per week than my father easier to obtain an education after

Eighth grade only 445,000 was earning, so when he told me high school, when it is easiest.

to go to college I thought he was Not everyone should go to colAstounding as these projections just foolish. Now I find I'm at the lege. Everyone should, however,

may appear, one should realize that end of the line. I can expect no get some education beyond high

43 years ago, in 1925, most people promotion, and I dislike what I am school. By interest, temperament,

would have thought our presentdoing. How can I get back to or ability some young people are

day average salaries and earning school and do what I should have not suited for college. Today

potential impossible to attain, if not done 17 years ago? I have four numerous other kinds of educaslightly ludicrous. As a matter of children, and to keep enough comtions are available. In special vocafact, a careful check of the increase ing in for them on my earnings and tional and technical schools one

in average salaries from 1925 to still go to school looks impossible. can gain skills in any number of

1968 will disclose that the projecWhat can I do?"areas that will prepare one to earn

tions for the future are no more This is an extremely frustrating a very good livelihood and find impossible than presentday salaries experience, and for many it seems stimulating work. In many skilled

would have seemed in 1925. irresolvable. Another young father areas jobs are going begging. VoThus, 43 years from now the exfaced the same dilemma. He had cational areas requiring less than

pected average lifetime earnings a semiskilled job that provided a four years'training include comof a college graduate are projected minimum income for his family of puter programming, electronics, at $502,000 more than a high six children, and none of his relainstrument repair, nursing, automoschool graduate. This amounts to tives were in a position to provide tive technology, secretarial science,

just about $557.00 for every day of anything more than moral support. welding, refrigeration, and many

school that it takes to get five years Nevertheless, 15 years after he was others.

of college education. ( It is assumed graduated from high school he enYoung people should not seek

that those with four years of colrolled as a freshman in a state education just to get a job now.

lege or more will attend on an college. He worked nights, mornThey should obtain an education

average five years of college.) ings, and weekends. His wife and that will help prepare them to do

Those who continue on and earn family tightened their economic what they want to do when they higher degrees can expect even belts ( she did not go to work ), and are 45, at the prime of their careers.

greater financial rewards. With four years later this family now of Everything changes so fast that it

such a great reward it does not seven children witnessed their is difficult to know what will be seem to be wise for people to borfather receiving a bachelor's deneeded 20 years hence. Education

row to buy cars, television sets, and gree in education. is probably the best way of assumcarpets and yet feel they cannot The father may not be getting ing that the changes can be met

afford college. Surely the ecorich, but he is earning significantly successfully.

nomic return alone more than more than he would have been; What a person chooses for his

justifies every effort for the qualiand, more important, he is now life's work is a key factor in effectfied to go to college, including enjoying what he is doing. Furthering income. The following chart,

borrowing funds if necessary. more, he has been able to take based on projections made earlier

Often there come to the author's advantage of opportunities that than the U.S. Census Bureau's

office people who graduated from would never have been his without figures cited above, shows expected high school 15 or 20 years ago. an education. lifetime earnings by occupation.

Their story is nearly always the Yes, education can be picked up While these figures are lower than same. "When I finished high school later, but that is the hard way, and Census Bureau's, they do show that

17 years ago, I got a job that paid few actually do it. How much occupation choice affects income.

April 1968 27 ATTENTION, CHOIR CONDUCTORS!

Suggested LDS Choir Anthems

Abide With Me, 'Tis Eventide Gates M

All Glory, Laud and Honor Schreiner M

All in the April Evening Robertson M

America the Beautiful Asper M Awake! Arise! Stickles E

Beautiful Zion for Me Daynes E:

Bless Ye the Lord Ivanoff E environment involved in each posJacob AirBrother James M D Expected Lifetime Earnings* sible career. Today there are many Robertson SaintsCome, Ye Come

Come, Come Ye Saints Cornwall M helps for young people facing these

Davis of the EarthFor the Beauty M Occupation Lifetime Earnings choices.

Kessel toGlory God M God is Holy Eberlein M (Men, age 1864) High school and posthigh school

E Loved the World StainerGod So

E Doctors $717,000 institutions as well as employment Schreiner GivesGospel Unbounded

Strength, The Gospel Is Truly the Power Schreiner M Lawyers 621,000 agencies can provide testing serof God vices, counseling, inprinted and Proprie and Managers Israel Mendelssohn He Over Watching M formation of great that can be Here in This House Howorth tors (with college M

Holy City Arnold MD Harker Upon the How Beautiful MD i degrees) 593,000 help.

Mountains inalso people could Young Dentists 589,000

I Shall Pass Not Effinger E Again in their quire of or stake ward men This Way Scientists Natural

If Me, Keep Ye Love My Carlbon M are in different engaged who Commandments Geologists 446,000

Father's House find MacDermid occupations In My M exactly out and

Biologists 310,000Jerusalem, Turn Thee Gounod M in their jobs. do what these men Jesus, of Love Titcomb Wondrous Name Scientists M Social King of Love My Shepherd Is Shelley D What are the attractive and unLet Not Your Heart Be Foster M Economists 412,000 attractive aspects of their work? Troubled

Let Us Oft Speak Kind Words Gates E Psychologists 335,000 People should choose to do what

Lo, Is Divine Haydn MD My Shepherd Engineers they will enjoy, and if it also pro- a Beauteous M Lo, What Rose Praetorius

Lord Bless You and Keep You Lutkin E Aeronautical 395,000 vides good income, so much the

Is MendelssohnLord God, The Mighty a M Civil 335,000 better. It is also interesting that Verdi Prayer Lord Hear Our MD

Lord Is My Shepherd, The Richards M Teachers what people learn to do very well,

Gates Lord's Prayer M Lord's Robertson Prayer MD College 324,000 they most frequently come to enjoy.

May Now Thy Spirit Trehorne M High School 261,000 On one occasion a life insurance

Lives Gates MMy Redeemer Elementary 232,000 underwriter told the author, "I feel

Let the Heavens Be ChambersNow M |

Joyful Accountants 313,000 sorry for anyone who does not sell

Now Thank We All Our God Holler E

Now Thank We All Our God Bach M Electricians 251,000 insurance."The author, though a

Robertson Brother M Man Airplane Mechanics 248,000 strong believer in insurance, feels E Cast Burden Upon Aulbach Thy the Lord sorry for those who are not en236,000 Plumbers Mendelssohn M Come, Let Us Worship in the business gaged of education Cornwall Help in Ages God, Our M Carpenters Past 185,000 but living a must make who by

Cannon Lofty Mountains M Radio and TV selling insurance. person Each Auber Savior, Slain Loving for Us M

Worship the King Cornwall M Mechanics 183,000 should learn the joy and excitePeople Sibelius YeOnward M Clergymen 175,000 ment that come from doing what Macfarlane D EyesOpen Our

Open the Gates Jenkins M "Reprinted by permission from Bu.;/ness Week. he regards as satisfying, no matter

M WayfaringPoor Man of Grief Durham

Robertson M what it is, as long as it is honorSon of Man

Spirit of God Neidlinger M able. He must also provide the

ShelleyStill, Still With Thee M Occupational and professional necessary material wellbeing for Handel M LordThanks to Thee,

That Blessed Easter Morn Caldwell E choices are prime factors deterthose who are dependent upon him.

Handel MeadowsVerdant M mining a family's economic wellWithout becoming obsessed with Schreiner MDWe Are Watchmen

With a Voice of Singing Shaw M being. One should be very careful an overpowering urge to "make

Letters D indicate E, M, The MD and easy, about choosing his life's work just money,"Latterday Saints can imdifficult. difficult, and medium medium,

Average Price is 25c to 30c because of the money involved; prove their economic status by

however, one should find out the making wise decisions about educaPateOra Stewart's fj skills, abilities, and tion and selection of an occupation. a Child""To A )0fA/riTwtUUUV I/ characteristics,

or Solo Co Music Trio each 50c FALLS.0- BoxIDAHO2009 83401 IDAHO P.

28 Improvement Era Ride The Hot One

y

Hottest Brand Going

Ride The Hot One...CONOCO...

for top quality products and service throughout the Rockies!

When you Ride The Hot One... you ride with the best... in everything

from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment to your travels through America's scenic wonderland... when you RIDE THE HOT ONE..CONOCO...HOTTEST BRAND GOING

April 1968 29 Teaching Conducted by the Church School System

Personal Confrontation

With Fundamental Questions

By U. Carlisle Hunsaker

n a 1960 poll of more than 5,000 students attend- U. Carlisle Hunsaker is an instructor at the Institute ing 11 American universities, 80 percent answered in

of Religion adjacent to the University of Utah camthe affirmative to the question, "Do you personally pus and a doctoral candidate. feel you need to believe in some sort of religious faith

or philosophy?"Considered alone, the response to this

question is encouraging; but as attention is focused

on the entire study, it becomes apparent that these same students regarded religion chiefly as a means of private happiness. They were rarely decisive in

their thinking concerning religious truths and their implications for everyday living. When asked the

question, "What three things or activities in your life do you expect to give you the most satisfaction?"

only four percent indicated religion as one of the three. 1 It is disquieting to note similar patterns of thought pertaining to the place of religion in life emerging from a 1957 study, which led to the conclusion that students are "gloriously contented"and "unabashedly selfcentered"and "intend to look out for themselves first and expect others to do likewise."2

These studies and others like them can be important sources of insight to those who desire to make sound

30 Improvement Era contributions to the wellorganized teaching program recognized to be relevant to personal everyday of the Church. As teachers we must never be conexperience.

tent in merely knowing that our students have faith. Personal confrontation with evil—testing the mettle

Having faith is not enough! Eighty percent of 5,000 of one's soul—is also inevitable in one's life. During

little such times of testing, the performance of those whostudents had faith—apparently a faith that had

relevance to their major decisions and objectives in have not verified Christian doctrines for themselves life. Today's crying need is for examined, intelligent is usually less than impressive, and often is tragic. Far

faith. too many gospel discussions are conducted in which

The major concepts of productive, mature faith are the primary concern of the teacher is to allow students always arrived at as one answers for himself the basic to glibly exchange a set of memorized answers, conquestions about the meaning of life. Religion is elusive statements, or cliches that have been borrowed

seldom successfully taught in the abstract. It becomes from others. Thus, a careful observer reluctantly adof vital, absorbing interest when meaningful answers mits that the development of the ability in students to

and meaningful questions are tied together in a coselect and confirm truth on a firsthand basis is herent body of thought. The teacher's primary task, apparently of too little concern on the part of many

then, is to move students to a personal confrontation teachers.

with fundamental questions. Students who leave the This is given further emphasis by concentrating

classroom of a teacher who has failed to meet this upon the statement earlier alluded to: Jesus Christ is

challenge usually come to feel that religion is one of our Savior. What questions could a teacher use to

the minor interests of life. Studies previously cited lead a student to discover this answer personally

seem to support such a contention. rather than report a mere collection of words? The

One often hears such statements as "Jesus the Christ student would need to consider some of the followis our Savior."But how often is this statement heard ing: "From what do I need to be saved?""How are

or expressed with understanding of its implications these dangers and temptations manifested in my daily on the part of both the speaker and the listener? For life?""What evidence is there that man without the

such a declaration to be understood and accepted, it saving power of Christ is unable to cope with these must become the personally discovered answer to difficulties?""How does Christ save?"

one's own question or series of questions. A concluPerhaps for a moment it would be helpful to consion, such as one's awareness that Christ is one's sider one of the questions. How, in fact, does Christ

Savior, requires, because of its profundity, a searching save? The answer to this question becomes dynamic

that goes far beyond our tendency to look up answers in a student's life only to the degree that the question in the back of a book. is posed in individual terms. Thus, the answer is

Statements such as the following need personal inmeaningful only to the extent that the need for it is volvement for their complete understanding: "Jesus felt. The teacher's task is to help students internalize

Christ is the author of my salvation.""The sacrament the question so that they ask, "How does Christ

is an important ordinance.""Faith is the first principle save me?"

of the gospel.""One must observe the first principles A short review will be helpful at this point. Joseph

of the gospel.""Man is eternal, uncreated.""God Smith taught that salvation is achieved by gaining

relates to man within the context of eternal law."power sufficient to conquer all of one's enemies. The

"Man is free.""The glory of God is intelligence."word "enemies"is used here to identify those influThese statements are representative of the kinds made ences or weaknesses that tend to impede the activation

by many of us who attend gospel classes throughout of man's inherent embryonic powers of godhood.

the Church. However, such statements need to be Perhaps the specific enemies encountered in life can

the result of personal answers to questions, the implibe classified under general headings of death, sin, and cations of which are at least partially understood and ignorance.

April 1968 31 "Today's crying need is for examined, intelligent faith

The scriptures are replete with statements that contribute to your personal power to overcome sin?"

support the concept that salvation is an achievement The writer's experience indicates that this question that demands personal power. Students need to be will be followed by a rather long, telling silence. The

inspired with the prospects of personally developing question seems to be an unfamiliar one. If these

such power. In his epistle to the Romans Paul desame students were asked, on the other hand, if they

dared that the gospel "is the power of God unto believed in the efficacy of the atonement, they would salvation...."(Rom. 1:16.) In his epistle to the more than likely answer in the affirmative.

Ephesians he spoke of the possibility of being Let us return, then, to our efforts to help students "strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner arrive at a more profound understanding of the man."(Eph. 3:16.) atonement and, in so doing, learn some fundamental

We sense a clue to the greatness of Nephi as rules of learning. Two facets of the atonement are

we read the following words, which he uttered most commonly emphasized: (1) the universal appliduring a period of renewed resolve: "Awake, my cation of the atonement whereby all men are resoul! No longer droop in sin. Rejoice, O my heart, deemed from physical death, and (2) the propitiatory

and give place no more for the enemy of my soul."aspect of the atonement wherein the demands of

(2 Ne. 4:28.) Nephi spoke with firm resolve because divine justice are appeased if man repents. In the

his religion supplied the answers to questions related words of Elder James E. Talmage:

to the meaning of his life, and because his religion "... The first effect is to secure to all mankind

helped him acquire power over the "enemies"of life, alike, exemption from the penalty of the fall, thus

These statements suggest an approach to teaching providing a plan of General Salvation. The second

the saviorhood of Christ that will permit students to effect is to open a way for Individual Salvation realize that in a sense Jesus does not save man from whereby mankind may secure remission of personal sin or ignorance. Rather, Jesus is the source of that sins."3

personal power by which man saves himself. This Again the question, "How does the atonement help

statement could easily be misunderstood. Certainly man to secure remission of personal sins?"The writer

man needs divine assistance in achieving salvation, contends that too often discussions of the atonement

This truth is taught in the scriptures and is, in fact, the end with an acknowledgment of the fact that if man central truth of the Christian philosophy of salvation, repents, the demand's of divine justice due to the atoneRut teachers too often fail to encourage students ment have been satisfied. If this does, in fact, repreto progress in their thinking beyond the fact of Christ's sent the conclusion of most discussions of the

saviorhood to the "how"of it and the meaning of it atonement, then these discussions end where they as applied to their current experiences and objectives, should begin.

Students are seldom made vividly aware of the fact When a student is able to move from the question that divine assistance is offered in the form of potenof how one escapes the consequences of sin to the tial personal power that accompanies personal question of how one is empowered to do battle righteousness. against the inclination to sin, he is finally prepared to

The atonement of Christ or that act which epitomizes enter into a more profitable discussion of the atonehis saviorhood is, of course, central to the gospel ment. He is prepared to experience true learning,

message. It follows, therefore, that all its aspects because he has become aware of questions, the

should be understood by all Latterday Saints. Yet implications of which can be personally felt. The

this is often not the case. Those who doubt the primary* concern is not what will follow if a man

veracity of such a statement are invited to pose the repents, but how does a man repent. How do I

following question to any group of Latterday Saints repent? How does Christ help me repent? How does

whose age and experience allow for the capacity to the atonement contribute to the acquisition of that answer: "In what way does the atonement of Christ personal power by which salvation is achieved? Here

32 Improvement Era.

the discussion does not begin and end with memorized I might avoid being punished, or in order that I might answers borrowed from others; it begins with quesavoid the unpleasant experience of being looked down

tions that bring into focus personal concerns that can upon by my neighbors and associates."The implicalead to personally discovered answers. tion is that if it were possible to continue the present

What are some of the important insights that can way of life while avoiding the consequences, such be gained when serious consideration is given to would be preferable to espousing a new way of life.

questions, such as those listed above, relating to the In such a case, the real problem is that there is no atonement? Fundamental to Mormon theology are the awareness of any new way of life.

beliefs that man's will is free and that God does not Mormon made an interesting reference to his own make him either good or bad. The importance of people in which he indicated that this caliber of

free will is summed up by a Jewish writer in the motivation to "repent"was common among them:

following way: "And it came to pass that when I, Mormon, saw

"Free will is bestowed on every human being. If their lamentation and their mourning and their sorrow

one desires to turn toward the good way and the before the Lord, my heart did begin to rejoice within righteous, he has the power to do so. If one wishes me, knowing the mercies and the longsuffering of

to turn toward the evil way or be wicked, he is at the Lord, therefore supposing that he would be merciliberty to do so.... Let not the notion expressed by ful unto them that they icould again become a

foolish Gentiles and most of the senseless folk among righteous people.

Israelites pass through your mind that at the begin- "But behold this my joy was vain, for their sorrowning of a person's existence, the Almighty decrees that ing was not unto repentance, because of the goodness he is to be either righteous or wicked; this is not so: of God; but it was rather the sorrowing of the damned,

every human being may become righteous like Moses, because the Lord would not always suffer them to our teacher, or wicked like Jereboam; wise or foolish, take happiness in sin."(Morm. 2:1213. Italics added.)

merciful or cruel; niggardly or generous; and so with Mormon seemed to be saying that rather than being

all other qualities. There is no one that coerces him sorry for sin (godly sorrow), his people were sorry

or decrees what he is to do or draws him to either of they were unable to sin and get away with it (worldly the two ways; but every person turns to the ways sorrow )

which he desires, spontaneously and of his own Here is an important clue to the great source of volition."1 strength the atonement can be to students in their

Here we see emerging one of the most important efforts to overcome personal sin. The atonement can

concepts a teacher of religion can hope to convey. help them to identify their freedom, and to identify

When a man truly repents of his own free will, he and discard unproductive thinking regarding sin.

ceases to do evil, because he has become aware of a Students can gain insights that will help them underpattern of conduct that is superior to that which stand that sin is its own punishment, just as virtue is typified his life before he became enlightened. The its own reward. They can be more repelled by the

person truly "turns to the ways which he desires, thought of sin than by the thought of any externally spontaneously and of his own volition."Thus, in addiimposed punishments that may follow the commission

tion to helping students understand that they are free, of sin. Sin is usually a matter of living divided and unthe teacher needs to help students discover for themfree. It is living in a state of apathy and decisionlessselves how they can use this freedom and how to ness that allows one to be conditioned from without by

recognize better patterns of conduct. influences that tend to vitiate one's awareness of

Unfortunately many students are taught to repent higher potentialities. The essence of evil is the

for reasons that are contrary to their own will. Their failure to decide, the failure to commit oneself to

reasoning seems to be as follows: "I must cease to those ideals and tasks that awaken the highest part

do that which is contrary to the gospel in order that of one's nature.—

April 1968 33

Apart from the fact that the atonement did away possible only when that which one does is truly a with the problem of physical death, it contributes to manifestation of that which he desires to do.

the acquisition of that personal power by which The atonement should be taught in such a way as freedom and commitment are achieved. The atoneto cause students to realize that the suffering of Christ

ment helps one to decide in favor of righteousness on the cross and in Gethsemane can be a source of with one's whole being, so that he is whole, unified, power to them to the extent that they develop an onedirectional in his approach to life. To reason that everincreasing awareness of why he suffered. When

sinful habits should cease in order that unpleasant they begin to catch glimpses (this is all our present consequences of sin (externally imposed) may be capacity will allow!) of the infinite love and total

avoided is to succumb rather than to decide. Here commitment that were displayed throughout Christ's

there is no vision of a better way of life—there is life and epitomized in Gethsemane and on the cross,

simply a fear of divine punishment. Surely this is then they are becoming sensitive to that influence

living divided and unfree. which can call them away from sin. It is Christ's

The message of the gospel of Jesus Christ is that love that can awaken love in their own souls.

there is a way out of this dilemma; the gospel as reThe fact is, then, that Christ does save us from

vealed through Christ makes available those ideals—sin. The prophets have spoken of this in the following

that way of life—which, when understood, are attracexpressions

tive enough to draw one away from the life of sin. It "Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, that I will

follows that students may expect from Christ or from make a new covenant with the house of Israel,...

the atonement an influence that elevates their own "Not according to the covenant that I made with character. their fathers....

To save in the highest sense of the word is to "... I will put my law in their inward parts, and

awaken the soul to its own highest possibilities, to write it in their hearts...."(Jer. 31:3133.)

give to every man that precious freedom which is "A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit

c 7VJormons. "PridesfWe

)he Mormon Tabernacle Choir's ANVIL CHORUS

II. Now, for a TABERNACLETHE MORMONCHOIR SBGOD BLESS AMERICA BGreatest Hits."Volume

THE MORMON OPERA limited this only, time collection CHOIR of CHORUSESFAVORITE FROM director TABERNACLERichard P Condie.

AIDA EN CARM ORCHESTRA beloved songs choruses and is on PHILADELPHIAEUGENE ORMANDY, conductor BUTTERFLYMADAMA sale at a special low price. ILTROVATOREFAUST i

Collect all of The Mormon ANDPHILADELPHIASIX

Tabernacle Choir's EugeneORCHESTRAOrmandy great albums.

You'll see why we\ ] MS7061*/MQ960t ML6121/MS6721*/MQ 721| I call them the pride J The Mormon of the Mormons. BEST LOVED AMERICAN FOLK SONGS Tabernacle Choir's

The Mormon IS YOURTHIS LANDLAND GreatestRichard P. Condie.HitsDirector

Philadelphia THE The MORMON Orchestra Tabernacle Choir. Eugene Ormandy, Conductor TABERNACLE

Sclireiner. Alexander Ruben Cundick and Asuei CHOIR FrankOrgiuiBts On COLUMBIA P. Including:Batllc RICHARD CONDIE Hymn of the Republic IsYom Land Bless/This Clmms/God AmericaLand DIRECTOR RECORDS HallelujahBless This House

THE PHILADELPHIA ORCHESTRA 111.

EUGENE ORMANDY ML 6147/MS 6747*/MQ 739f ML 6351/MS 6951*/MQ 885t I

stereo t4track reelto-reel tape {also available in 8-track stereo tape cartridge <S "COLUMBIA."glMARCAS REG. PRINTED IN U.S A.

34 Improvement Era will I put within you: and I will take away the stony of spiritual energy."The atonement can assist our

heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart students to develop centers of spiritual energy when of flesh. they recognize it to be something other than payment

"And I will put my spirit within you, and cause for their sins.

you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my Such statements as "Christ is our Savior,""man is judgments, and do them."(Ezek. 36:2627.) eternal,""the first principles of the gospel must be

"Behold, he changed their hearts; yea, he awakened observed"are true. The challenge that needs to be

them out of a deep sleep, and they awoke unto God."clearly recognized by every teacher in the Church is

(Al. 5:7.) to make certain that these concepts are never merely

A new heart! A new spirit! A new life! The whole, taught in the abstract. This will help insure against

undivided life—a life wholeheartedly accepted because the possibility that students can avow faith without

it is recognized as far superior to the old life of wantthat faith having relevance to their style of life. Let

ing to sin while at the same time being fearful of the us be certain our students are never content merely consequences of sin. When this is our happy lot, we to look the answers up in the backs of their books,

truly experience the abundant life, because we are because some answers can never be found there. Let

able to say "I want to!"as much as we say "I must!"us help them toward that personal confrontation with

Professor W. H. Sheldon said that "happiness is essenfundamental questions. o

tially a state of going somewhere wholeheartedly."

Religion should be taught in such a way that it indicates to our students the direction in which they FOOTNOTES should travel. God wants our will to be his will; he

wants us to see as he sees, to love as he loves. We 1960).'Rose K. Goklson, et. al., What College Students Think (Van Nostrand,

begin to sense what William James meant when he 'JamesPhillip E.E. Talmage,Jacob, ChangingArticles Valuesof Faith,in Collegep. 87. (Harper & Row, 1957).

spoke of the possibility of experiencing "the centers p. 'Eric164. Fromm, Ye Shall Be as Gods (Rhinehart and Winston, 1966),

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Rulon H. Cheney Every L.D.S. service personally arMelvin P. Randall

VicePresident ranged, supervised and directed by Associate 3822875 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2941025

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

R. Reid LowellWallace J. Campbel PIERCE BROTHERS

8383956 Associate Associate MORTUARIES 2541212 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD

Of perpetual interest to Church members and their friends TEMPLES Order from and the LatterdaySaints

The Now available in a special Erasized booklet

79 South State Street Ideal for home, classroom, and missionary use Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

April 1968 35 Illustrated by Ed Maryon The Shriven Tree

By Bertha A. Kleinman

'Mid the stately cedars of Lebanon, I towered in timbered might,

Awaiting the scythe, to be honed and hewn into beams for the temple site;

My thews had weathered the tempest blast, disdaining the lightning flare,

To proffer my branches unscathed, unbowed for the loftiest steeple there;

Or perchance for a Caesar's palladium in his royal esplanade,

Or a canopy shading a despot's throne with his gems in my facade.

For the Coliseum, my colonnade; my staves for the Hippodrome;

In the vast arena my girded piers for the frolicking hordes of Rome.

For the spanning arch of the Appian Way, a stanchion would I bestow,

Defying the ravaging rust of time for the legions that come and go.

An offertory, let me bequeath as a saintly legacy—

Lo! a lectern gracing a synagogue for the prayers of the Pharisee.

They hailed him King with their fluttering palms, as he entered Jerusalem,

Then led him away to a stormswept hill, with me in the midst of them,

A wearying King on a dusty road, his scaffold my cowering tree,

Bruising his shoulders, and mine the shame that he shoidd be steadying me!

As the nails bit deep through his lifted hands and shattered his prone feet through,

My timbers quailed where the red drops stained, as they splintered my sinews too.

They had reeved my boughs for a crucifix ivhere his thorncrowned head was laid (Submission exalting a Conqueror—there atonement's price was paid).

No more shall my arrogant branches writhe in the fury of wind and sleet;

They have held a King, and a shriven tree kneels in penance at his feet!

36 Improvement Era ff f '.;:\? '- i fi i i m

- f I 11 i 4Bts,,.* r1 *

i

I '

sadl"

%Mi. / will never forget the lesson my father gave to us boys in the hay field when, after putting nine loads of hay in the barn, we went out to the field to get the tenth and drove right over to where we had taken the other loads, and my father said, "Here, boys, go over on the north; there is better hay there."And I said, "We'll take it

as it comes"That seemed fair to me.

This was wild grass and wasn't much good anyhow.

"No, boys, you drive over on the north where the timothy is mixed with wild hay. This is the tithing load."

"Well, we don't have to take the best."

"Yes, boys, the best is none too good for the Lord."

That was a better lesson than any preaching on tithing I have ever heard. The value of the load of hay didn't amount to much, but

Father's spirit amounted to a great deal in influencing us.

—President David 0. McKay

."*"*jFr"'"* TheLastLoad

lustration by 06 "You're right, Sarge, a big man can make up his own mind."

\M

3SSS7V5

LIVES THAT STAND

iNSPECTiorseries

Fi\ Marion I), linn bur The young MormonOwnMindmarine look in the. eye and the tightness cide whether I'll live the way you

was uneasy and didn't know at the corners of the mouth, do or the way 1 believe in.

why. There were plenty of ordiSarge wasn't kidding; he really You've made yonr choice, Sernary reasons for a member of a intended to take Kick along. geant, and that's your business.

combat unit in almost daily coneven if he had to he dragged. Hut I still have, a choice, and I

tact with the. enemy to feel un- "No thanks, Sarge,"Kick prefer to live another way.

easy, hut this was something said. "I'm staving here."Thai's what I've made up my

different. When he returned ""Listen, Sonny,'"'came the mind to do. I'm staying here."

with his group to their base grim answer, ""big men ean The sergeant turned on his ramp alter several days in the make up their own minds about heel, muttering curses. Elder

field, he discovered what it was. their lives. They don't slay tied Kiehard Smith, I 9, found a quiet

"C'inon, Smith,'"the sergeant to mommy's apron strings when plaee, and in his loneliness he said. "The whole outfit's going they're in this man's outfit. thanked (.oil in his heart for an

into town. This time you're You're coming with us."answer he had been afraid he

coming with us even if we have Kick Smith could feel the might not know how to give.

to drag you. You are about to color drain from his face and He'd been uneasy because he had

find out how big men live when the strength ebb from his knees, somehow known intuitively that they get away from their but his voice surprised him witli there was a different kind of mamas."its calmness as he heard himbattle ahead of him that day.

Kick Smith caught the sharp self answer: He was sure now that there were

edge of the other's voice, knifing "You're right, Sarge, a big more battles to come, but he'd through the seeming lightness of man ean make up his own mind. won this one. and he was

his words. He understood the I have the responsibility to dcgrateful. O

'>y Jed Nap.atn

April 1968 It's great to be a Latterda| Saint in Salt Lake City or am place in Utah. Churchwis*

you're not I minority statisti

Most of the students in yoi school are Mormons. The peop'

up and down the neighborhoo block are probably Churc?

oriented..When yon go to ML

or priesthood meeting just a when you go to a school functior your friends are there. Instea

of getting up in the middle o the night to attend seminary most ninth grade rs cjmi readread their 7:15 a.m five o

ten minutes i school students ar. S"'1>mitte<

''released timeiif to jss th. 1't from the high school ano

r - during'->a ii>*vno.

>- the m 0*&-

yon siuuy wiin, wont.., live with have been born

awl reared in the Church. Many

jhtfid ancestors who crossed the

It %ju

Elaine CannonTbBe a Teen in SaltLake CityBy plains to settle Zion in the early Teens photographed for the cover days. Maybe you play ball with andGarrison,these Debbiesix pagesDowell,are LaurieLinda

the children of some Church Florence, Marti Sonntag,, Russell leader, or even live next door to Curtis,Young, andRichardRichard Sorensen,Strong. Glade

one of the General Authorities.

Your gym teacher might be your

YWMIA president, and the coach of your ward team may be a former star of the college team. You may find that your

language professor has presided over a mission.

Life in the city is geared to the conference crowds in April and October and to MIA events in June. Some specially favored

teens are on occasion called in by Church leaders to participate in conference programs or to discuss the specific'needs and wants of youth for program planning and lesson manuals.

If you are a teen in Salt Lake

City you might walk past the Brigham Young Monument to the shops in town. You can see

Brigham Young's homes and the Church Office Building as you drive down South Temple.

You can pedal your bike around the This Is the Place Monument

April 1968 41 and spend summer evenings on Temple Square. You can attend

symphony concerts and important lectures in the historic

Tabernacle; and you can plan

your wedding for the beautiful

Salt Lake Temple, just as your parents may have done before you and perhaps even their parents, too.

If you are a boy, you grow up preparing to fill a mission. It's

just the thing to do. In fact, in

some wards there may be too many eligible boys for the quota these draftdemanding days. The

waiting list is long and disappointment keen if a mission is missed. If you are a girl, you

may spend many of your weekends going to farewell parties and to the airport to say goodbye to the elders. Or you may

bake cookies to send him in a "care"package from your Gleaner class.

But it's different in Salt Lake, too, because many of the youth have never had to defend their position in the Church. Often

you don't realize how much the

Church and its way of life

42 Era of Youth really mean until you go away.

You aren't as much involved in local missionary work, because most of your friends already belong to the Church. It's pleasant

to have so many, many friends who are members of the Church.

The variety of groups you could mingle with whose standards are the same as yours seems unlimited.

The many interward, interstake, interschool, and allChurch functions enlarge your circle of friends to such an extent that the lines at weddings, funerals, and receptions are often an hour long. Many people

have big families and lots of relatives, and the circle of loved ones ever widens.

;Salt Lake City teens are

famous for their good looks. A\

They are conscious of the latest fashion trends, but their taste in dancing and music is probably more conservative than in many other places.

You can walk out of your front door almost any place in the valley of the pioneers, go for:/

a few blocks in any direction, /

V,

f

fc>C

, I iMtfrfe**--.- --

and come to a lovely LDS chapel your heart throbs a moment. At

where two or three large wards the western end of the valley is meet. Great Salt Lake. You can float

People reach for a cone instead like a cork in that salty water.

of a drink in this Mormon counYou learn of the valley's simitry, so there is probably a larity to the Savior's country, favorite shake shop just around for there is a Jordan River in the nearest corner where ice Salt Lake, too, one that empties cream is sold in enormous into this "dead sea,"quantities. Teens may go skiing With

High above the valley to the ward or school groups in the east are famous ski resorts. You winter. They "tube"and icecan ski in tall, rugged mountains skate and snowshoe into mounthat your pi6neer ancestors tain cabins just a half hour away

crossed in covered wagons. And from the city. They have parties

when you stop to think about it, galore in each other's homes.

They hike and hold cookouts, water ski on mountain lakes, play tennis by the hour, and travel with friends, family, or ward groups to fantastic redrock national parks just a few hours away.

There is a mixture of nationalities in this beautiful, busy city. Immigrants who have come

from all over the world to live in

Salt Lake enrich the lives of all.

Missionaries who have labored in faraway places return home filled with new ideas and often teach languages parttime in schools. Teens can become familiar with different languages and

native dances and foreign foods.

They hear lectures about the Church throughout the world at

Sunday firesides. But the world

is moving in and bringing with it its problems and complexities.

Salt Lake isn't the sheltered haven it once was. This is all

the more reason why this generation of teens realizes the importance of knowing more and more about their Church and its standards, as well as its history, and of living them thoroughly.

April 1968

Te challenging question, "What shall I do formation and Guidance Center is dedicated.

after high school?"must be answered "by many Alma P. Burton, Department of Seminaries and

Latterday Saint students during the next several Institutes of Religion; D. Neil Willey, LDS Busimonths. Where do you turn to get help in finding ness College; Daniel S. Hess, Ricks College;

just the right answer for your particular needs? William R. Siddoway, Brigham Young University

The Educational Information and Guidance and Robert W. Spencer, acting director of the

Center, a comparatively new source, represents center, meet regularly as a cooperative committee the joint efforts of Churchsponsored programs to to administer the programs of the center. For your

assist youth in making wise decisions regarding sake, the Era of Youth posed some questions to posthigh school educational experiences. It also this committee.

hopes to encourage all of the young people of the

Church to gain additional preparation after high Q. What services are available to youth through

school graduation. the guidance center?

The First Presidency recently counseled the A. The center provides general information and

youth of the Church "to seek the type of educacounseling about all kinds of posthigh school educational program for which they are best suited and tional opportunities including trade institutes, spewhich will best prepare them for service in the cific information about many Church education

Church and in the community."opportunities, and individual counseling and testing

It is to this purpose that the Educational Inat the center to aid students in making decisions. It

Illustration by Dale Kilbourn SchoolWhat?

also arranges for personal counseling from the neartude that posthigh school education means only a est Church educational representative, if necessary. college education. It is unreasonable to assume that

Q. What can be done for the counseling of students all of our young people should graduate from a fourtoo far removed from the center locations to obtain year college. Training and preparation programs

personal interviews? other than the university should be given considera-

A., We can answer many questions and provide tion by many of our youth.

source information by mail. We can also provide 3. Many parents still need to understand the imstudents with the name and address of an approportance of young ladies obtaining a usable skill.

priate Church representative in their area from whom A completed program of vocational training may be they might seek advice. more useful than one or two years of general college

Telelecture programs can be arranged so that attendance that doesn't result in completion of a groups of students in one location can verbally degree or the development of special skills.

communicate with representatives of the Educational Q. How can the center help me?

Information and Guidance Center. A. The center can:

Filmstrip and movie presentations are currently 1. Help you to obtain and decide on educational

being produced and will be available for distribution training beyond high school.

within the next several months. 2. Inform you of the many possibilities for addiRepresentatives of the center will be visiting diftional training and preparation.

ferent geographic areas throughout the year to pro- 3. Help you make sound, wise choices regarding

vide opportunities for individual counseling with the many available schools and programs, taking those students far removed from one of the centers. into consideration a variety of important factors, in-

Q. Should all of our young people, girls and boys, cluding financial expense, time, scholastic and speseek vocational preparation beyond high school? cial abilities, past scholastic performance, interests,

A. Yes. Positions requiring no education or spegoals, and personalities.

cial training are decreasing from year to year and 4. Provide testing and personal counseling for you

soon will be nonexistent. The latest reports from the at four centers: Ricks College in Rexburg, Idaho;

United Slates Secretary of Labor show the following: LDS Business College in Salt Lake City; Brigham

—Greatly increased demand for professional and Young University in Provo, Utah; and the Church

technical—Slightly workers.increased demand for skilled craftsmen College5. Arrangeof Hawaiifor seminaryin Laie, Hawaii.and institute personnel

and clerical and secretarial workers. throughout the Church to advise and counsel with

—Rapidly and steadily declining demand for unyou individually.

skilled and farm workers. Q. Where can I write to obtain appointments or

Q. What are the major problem areas regarding services from the Educational Information and Guidpost-high school preparation plans? ance Center?

A.,lems—"plans."1. You haveToojustmanystatedofoneour ofyoungthe majorpeopleprobare A.directedInformationto: or counseling requests should be

not making plans; others are making shortterm Robert W. Spencer

decisions without first establishing attainable goals A- 183 ASB and taking into consideration such factors as costs, Brigham Young University abilities, interests, and time. Provo, Utah 84601

2. Another serious problem is the prevailing attiPhone: (801) 3741211, ext. 2537 O

April 1968 47 I worry about the younger ter's wallet on the bus. It had

generation. I feel it is part of her university student activity

my civic duty. Every generation card for identification. Just

has always worried about the about the time she realized she'd younger generation. lost it, Dale called to say he had

But this younger generation found it. See? That wallet

really needs to be worried wasn't nailed down, and sure about. I just don't know where enough, he picked it up.

they're headed. A bunch of flyHe came to the house on the

bynights, frantically running bus to bring the wallet with the around, refusing to take advanmoney still in it, refused any

WhatAre isn'ttagealecks—takingnailedof opportunities.down.anythingNever contentSmartthat needbeenkind worriedsomeof reward,offorthefearsaidpapersshehewouldinhadit,

to stay home for a minute. and protested when my husband

If you don't believe me, just insisted on driving him home... They try to make an appointment said he could take the bus home

With a family for some reason, again and it wasn't any trouble.

and who are the ones you can They don't know how to takeComing'To? never catch home? The teenadvantage of an opportunity,

By Florence Bittner agers, that's who, They're althese kids.

ways chasing off to some ball Last summer we went to the game or church activity or beach at the lake. On the way

parttime job or to do some home we stopped for gas, and volunteer work at a hospital. All my husband discovered he had

the mothers say the same thing lost his credit cards. We have

—they never saw anyone so heard about people who have

busy. See what I mean? Never losttheir credit cards, and with

content to stay home. the kind of young people we

They'll take anything that have around today, we knew we isn't nailed down—like Dale were in for it. Probably by the

Pulsipher, who found my daughtime we could have the credit

cards cancelled, they'd have run boys stopped, and believe me, I up several hundred dollars worth was scared. Before we could

of bills. even get the doors locked, those

Early the next morning some kids put their shoulders to the kid called, wouldn't give his back of our car and had us out name, just an address in the onto the highway and they were very worst part of town. He said gone. Didn't even wait around

he had found the credit cards. to pass the time of day. Impolite,

Well! In that part of town we like all the kids today.

knew we would have nothing but If we went to school 12 years, trouble, and that's what he gave we were educated. Some of us

us... wouldn't tell us his name went on to college, but most of

... said it didn't matter... us knew what we needed to know

didn't even want to be thanked by the time we had graduated for returning them... wouldn't from high school. No more. This

take any money. "For what?"he younger generation doesn't think

said. Like I said, these kids any more of a college education

don't know how to take advanthan we did of a high school tage of an opportunity. Just diploma, and then they're not

think of the high old time he satisfied. They just keep right

could have had on our credit on going to school till they have cards, but what did he do? He whiskers down to here. See?

gave them back. No ingenuity. Smart alecks—avoiding the realWe went for a ride on a winter ities of life.

evening out into the country. We Like I said, I have to do my

backed into a side road to turn share of worrying about the around and discovered we'd younger generation and what chosen a very icy bit of real they're coming to. This I know

estate to stop on. Our wheels—whatever it is they're coming

were running up miles on the to had better get out of the way, speedometer without going anybecause when these kids say where. A car full of teenage they're coming, they're coming!

"The danc*, "To me th made a new person out of me. have been a real ble.ssi

The swing, waltz, They've helped me be chacha, and others are more at ease at dances li.

fun; in fact, they are our gold and green

better than our teenage ball, where adults also dances. "-Hugh Roberts -Vicki Jeppson

"When they first started dance class I really wasn't sure about it, but I gave it a try anyway. The teens in our ward knew one kind of dancAnd I haven't been sorry ing, and it left something to be desired. Their

for it either. In reaction to our criticism was "Look, you had your

dances during your youth; now let us have ours!"fact, I?gan to look

replied, "Yes, the last had ours. Over we We

forward to it each weekend. "or there 20 30 years or more, have been fad many

-Barbara Murri dances; they come and go. But there are some

dances that continue to be popular."

Then we explained why. We agreed they should

keep the dances they were now doing, but they should also join with us in an instruction program for additional skills. "It will be fun,"we said,

"I really like the dancing "and you are not going to be kids forever; one of

lessons. Not only are these years when you are faced with dancing in a

they fun, but knowing all mixed group socially, you will at least knoiv somethose steps also, made the thing about it."

Saturday night dances We had the right dance instructor in Vinette

Southwick, but we also needed good music. I

more enjoyable. I think that called together some of our more affluent ward

knowledge of these members and told them we needed a portable dance steps will be helpstereo so we could bring the young people the best ful in my later life."

—Mike Chr"> *+ eneoi-i

"I am very glad that I "I have learned many had the chance to take these lessons from this dance lessons. I just wish class besides how to

all the kids in the dance, including

Church could have this to know old friends opportunity and would take r and making advantage of it. new ones.

-Greg Hulet -Karen Southwick music possible. They helped us obtain one.

Then we selected several boys in the priests.quorum who had some influence and sold them

individually on the idea of giving at least a threelesson try to the program. We interviewed, either

individually or in small groups, all boys and girls from age 11+ to 16. We also took some time in

sacrament meeting to give a detailed outline of the program to the parents and solicited their support.

The lessons were to be held from 6:30 to 8:00

p.m., just prior to our regular Saturday night

dances. We indicated that upon completion of the

12week course, we would have a special dinner dance. The group has since put on two floor

show exhibitions, and because of the interest that has been created by this "pilot group,'* we have another class starting for 12 and 13year-olds.

We are also organizing a parents'instruction course so that parents and youth may join together occasionally. O

"This program ha:; fuvcn

me an invaluable education in dancing, and I will be able to apply this knowledge in my older 1 Lie. "

-Mike Reed Ofcc't>* 'T> w——m

jUkJL& VvdVJ. * -

Janice Widdison... is winner of the

nationwide essay contest sponsored by the French Alliance in the United States, with the prize of a month in Paris. She

leaves in'July for France. A freshman

student at Brigham Young University, she has won many scholastic and

Church honors in her home area of San

Fernando, California.

Members of the highly successful (national champions!) Church College of

Hawaii rugby team play ball for fun and for kicks—and the most accurate

kicker of them all is Joe Vakalala. This

surefooted precision kicker from Fiji has reportedly accounted for four out Janice Widdison of every five points scored by the CCH team during the past two years. Joe

and his rugged teammates have made outstanding records against the best competition in America in games played both in Hawaii and on the mainland.

Carol Skinner... is a member of the

Meridian Ward, Boise (Idaho) North

Stake, where she is MIA organist. She

has maintained a straight "A"average all through high school, and will be

Meridian High's valedictorian. She is

a chapter president of Future Teachers of America, an editor of the school newspaper, and active in debate,

Thespians, and Service Club. Carol is

the oldest of eight children and is an outstanding girl with high ideals, goals, and standards.

Fred Goodson... has won a number

of honors and packed a scrapbook full of clippings already. He's been named

outstanding boy by many groups and is an Eagle Scout, a priesthood officer, and holds a scholarship to Brigham

Young University. Chemical engineering is his chosen field. Fred is a

member of the Denver First Ward,

Denver (Colorado) Stake.

Fred Goodson

Illustration by Dale Kilbourn

52 Era of Youth

What makes a station STAND TALL?

0$498 Sewtft St Ciftrc

Wes Bowen of KSL confers on traffic with Utah Highway Patrolman Richard J. Brown.

- - KSL Got Tough So Did The Law

As in many states, Utah's traffic deaths the subject. There was opposition. Bowen

were climbing. and KSL kept swinging.

Wes Bowen, KSL's public affairs direc- A new bill, virtually as Bowen and KSL tor, moved into action. He was joined by proposed, passed. The governor signed it.

representatives of the state's judiciary, law That was early in 1967. KSL then turned

enforcement agencies, safety council, and to informing the public of the law, one of medical association. the nation's toughest on drunk driving. KSL

Sobriety tests, financed by KSL, were called for enforcement.

conducted at University of Utah medical It just may be that the tougher drunk school. KSL produced a 30minute docudriving law had something to do with these

mentary, showed it to the state legislature. figures: in 1967 Utah's highway deaths

Bowen addressed the combined houses on totaled 274, down 17% from 1966.

International City Location FM Radio AM Radio Television Shortwave Radio

New York, N. Y. WRFM Stereo WNYW No. 1

Seattle, Washington KIRO Stereo KIRO 50,000 Watts KIRO <$> WNYW No. 2

Kansas City, Mo. KMBR Stereo KMBZ 5,000 Watts WNYW No. 3

City, Stereo Salt Lake Utah 50,000 Watts No. 4 KSL KSL KSL

"Boise, Stereo 50,000 Watts Idaho KBOI No. "KBOI 5

Falls, "Idaho KID KID Watts Stereo in Idaho 5,000 KID KBOI 9$ WNYWWNYWStudios Q New York, N. Y.

"Affiliated With C.P.

The BONNEVILLE Group Bonneville International Corp.

April 1968 53 *T* *T* /|n /JS *T *T* T*?* *T* * * *T n P P n *I* *T* *f* *fr *T* *T* T* \ "T "/pT "/jx

Jf Major Genealogical Prepared by the research department of the

Genealogical Society Record Sources in

LvLJ>As1>n1/ "4? %l* *Af*"?'?*T* *T* *T* *T* *T* *T* *T* *T* *T* "T*?* *T* *T* *T *T* /|N 7yT\i/ 7fT\L TfT\i/ TfT\ls "7]%"\1/ L**T* A*T* *L \lf*T* 1>*1> A*S <>P 1**t*

The National Archives or Riksarkivet (Bankplassen 3, Oslo, Norway) preserves the noncurrent records of government departments and offices, while the various regional archives or

Statsarkiver preserve documents from the regional and local branches of the state administration.

No definite time limit is set for the transfer of records to these central archives. However, as

far as the major sources of genealogical information are concerned, one can generally expect that documents dated before 1900 have been transferred.

Regional Archives: (1) Statsarkivet in Oslo: Kirkegaten 1418, Oslo, Norway. Includes

Ostfold, Akershus, Oslo, Buskerud, Vestfold, and Telemark counties. (2) Statsarkivet in Hamar:

Strandgaten 71, Hamar, Norway. Includes Hedmark and Oppland counties. (3) Statsarkivet in

Kristiansand: Vesterveien 4, Kristiansand, Norway. Includes AustAgder and VestAgder counties.

(4) Statsarkivet in Bergen: Aarstadveien 32, Bergen, Norway. Includes Rogaland, Hordaland, Bergen, and Sogn og Fjordane counties. The principal records relating to Rogaland are located at the

Statsarkivkontor, Peder Klows gate 27, Stavanger, Norway. (5) Statsarkivet in Trondheim:

Hogskoleveien 12, Trondheim, Norway. Includes More og Romsdal, SorTrondelag, NordTrondelag,

Nordland, Troms, and Finnmark counties. The principal records relating to Troms and Finnmark

are kept at the Statsarkivkontor in Tromso, Petersborg gate 2129, Tromso, Norway.

Note—Of the many printed sources available, rural histories (bygdeboker), which often

devote most of their space to farm history and the genealogies of families, are a major source of information regarding farming communities and their inhabitants. Other genealogical periodicals

and family histories are available in print. Some of these are at the Genealogical Society Library* in Salt Lake City; complete collections are found in various libraries and archives in Norway.

X-

The chart and table that follow contain the major genealogical record sources of Norway. The sources

are listed, together with type of record, period covered, type of information given, and source availability.

Table A shows at a glance the record sources available for a research problem in a particular century.

Table B provides more detailed information about the major records available. For example, if a

pedigree problem is in the 17th century, a quick indication can be obtained from Table A of the sources available for that period. Reference to Table B will then provide more complete information.

* MAJOR SOURCE AVAILABILITYCENTURY BY CENTURY

TYPE OF RECORD

1. Emigration Records

2. Mortgage Records

3. Lutheran Parish Registers

4. Real Estate Books

5. Census Records

6. Land Commissions

7. Land and Property Records

8. Probate Records

9. Court Records

10. Tax Lists

11. Military Records

12. Revenue & Expense Records

* 13. Deeds

"7V Table A

j* j> <* +> *&* *&* IS *4* *J>* JP 5ETpT HfE7fT hT7*J> n!/ *>!*f* *>!**T"*!*T <4**lo>l.\1/*F *F *T *F |V "7|V\i/ JfTsiz /|v\l/sLsUF *P XF 5"Slg;7TV d*yfrhrfirS

54 Improvement Era!! *I# *1* L* >J> 1* J> J> sL *X *X 7pr\1/ -7-\1/ -7-\1/ Tfrs\1/ l* sd* 1> >I* *1*|s "jr\* jjsSrfirf* U rj> *X*<|s *A*ry% 3> *X**f* -**f% *L*

Illustrated by Dave BurtonMnpwAv h*T''lT'*T**T**T*T,> T''T> 'T* *T* *T* "J* gPsi* ***T 1**I t*T* "7fT\1/ 7fT\1/ 7fT\ls 7fTsi/ /|\\1/ *JV\/UContinuation of the series on new research papers

MAJOR SOURCES CHRONOLOGICALLY ARRANGED X

X TYPE RECORDOF COVEREDPERIOD TYPE OP INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY 1. EMIGRA- **

TION RECORDS * (Emigrasjons piotokoller)

18671900 present: 1867 film <GS); on places Names, 1867 to Police Emito Kristianlor Oslo, those destinations, of of residence,namesages,of datesships departure, Lists present gration

flu* Regional at sand.tinlists,Bergen, are oldestand ** stations local police Archives, at others

White Star 18831920 Names, destinations, information varies Regional Archives, Oslo

Lines

17001800: estate con- (GS) Information on regarding Approx

17001900: Archives Regionalfilm realother mortgages, encumand 1700 2. RECORDSMORTGAGE

1900present: con on property, magistrates brances agreements, or town X- etc., local(sorenskriver or hyskriver) clerks presentto tracts,veyances, council sometimes contain which much (ParftebQker)

genealogical data X I8S0: on to film Births: approx Earliest dates, (GS) parnames, occupations, Approx 3. LUTHERAN

the at witnesses christening. entage, to 1700 PARISH

of parents, introducplaces of present. residence REGISTERS less years 80 Parish registers than about tions some

old clergymen; parish held the are by arlier, (Kirkeb0ker)

of the in registers the ocdates, custody conditions, older are names, Marriages: Cg.,

Archives Regional since cupations, 1830. residence; Andebu,

of father's birth, ages, place nameabout 1023. since

Bragernes, parish rural In Deaths: of death, causes nanus, ages,

sinci. to often sent andof aredistricts, registers duplicatesmade dates, late since places; 1634 occupations,

as as soon Archives 19th the Regional comof place birth century, pleted Confirmations: names, ages, residence:

after 1814 dates of christening and names

Registers less than 60 years old are not of parents.

accessible to genealogical researchers without special permission

since the from Arrivals:

Statis- $f in the Central parishBureauregistersof 1870 are names, ages,newoccupations,places of residenceformer Abstracts places of residence,

Oslo in (Statistisk tics Sentralbyraa) occupations, places X ages, names, Removals:

of destination of residence, places Abstracts from 18661869 are in the

National Archives * Archives; Regional National and 1665 to Names of owners and cultivators of farms 4. REAL

about print dating from in from 1838; present ESTATE

council or magistrates town local 1900, BOOKS clerks (Malrikkel) some * X-X

districts film (GS); National and Regional rural 16641666 population Tax and On 5. CENSUS

of only: Archives ages names, farm and nameslists, RECORDS * males owners, ages and names of; servants) over and 12 (sons and (Mannlall og namesall

Folkelellinages of cottagers; names and ages of ger) "strandsiddere."X

Regional and (GS) in film rural 1701 Lists males only On for East Archives.; missingNational Norway Note, ages of owners,districts:namesfarm names, and X names

of districts Odal, for Rygge, servants of except sons and ages and district sixLarvik of the part and Romerike X X 1769 Sjeleregister: first census to list complete Regional Archives

families of the country but was not taken for all areas * X

names, names; 1801 Farm; National and Regional #

of status marital and ages,each occupations,member of OnArchivesfilm (GS) X the household X * X X +L> %l> jjE *L 3C %L J5 X Sj 35 jj OB "T* *T* *T* 5|j* *T* *T* r* fr fr fr <|> n> *X* *fi fr ** +jfM* s\y "7pCvj> \1//|\ /Jsst/ *T* * * sk * WW*

April 1968 55 The fascinating full story of NORWAY, continued

TYPE OF PERIOD

RECORD COVERED TYPE OF INFORMATION GIVEN AVAILABILITY

1815 18151855 From a census every was taken 10 National Archives CENSUS but not for all compLete of the RECORDS countryyears, (Manntall og Folketellinnames, names; Farm ages, places of On film (GS); National Archives ger) 1865 birth, occupations, mariand

status of cities, talin of memberthereligion,streets namesof every house household;and

numbers

1875 names; names, years places and of On film (GS); Regional Archives birth,Farm occupations, marital and

status household;

cities, in of memberstreetsreligion, ofnamesevery andof house numbers

names; names, 1890 Farm years places and of National Archives

occupations, marital citizenship of birth,and everyreligion, of status,housemember hold; blind, and whethercities, in streets dumb; of house namesinsane, anddeaf

number

1900 sex, names, names; years places and On film (GS); Regional Archives Farmof birth, religion,

status, citizenship of and occupations, every membermarital blind, insane, in ofandhousehold; of streets dumb; whethercities, names deafand

numbers

1910, 1920, Similar to Regional previous censuses with more National 1930, 1946, statistics andStatistics; available Archives;by specialCentral Bureau

1950, 1960 detailed permissionof only ROMNEYIN POLITICS MORMON land tithes, and listing LAND 166116651680-1691 Ledgers,other namesvariousand On film (GS); National Archives by Clark R. Mollenhoff 6. COMMISmonetarytaxes, amountsmostlyrentals, SIONS

George (LandkomRomney What makes to misjoner) Dedicated he is? the man

truth honesty, never has he and 7. LAND AND 16601676 Indextaining tonames,land dates,rentalsacreageand records, conOnin printfilm (GS); National Archives; some PROPERTY

bat-! a to shrink one been from RECORDS

tle. He's had to overcome many | (Jordeb<pker)

in his private obstacles, both to guardians, deceased, 1660 of the on film approx Approx life, political Namesages, relationships, residence; (GS) local to Archives; 1850;Regional to present; 1660 to 1660 and become a 8. PROBATERECORDS

registration, ot division clerks council or town placesandheirs, of magistrates present of Motors, real American estate manager property (Skifteandvaluation,

Governor of Michigan, and a protokoller)

Civil "odelaction 16501700: political including criminal a 9. figure. and 1650 national (GS) on film Now, COURT

allodial ssaker"property Regional National present: presentto 1650 to and RECORDS Pulitzer rights), Prizewinning containing(referring places, dates, names,to Washinglocal magistrates town and

legal, relationships; and (Justisclerks moral councilArchives;

the ton probes Correspondent circumstances; protokollcr) information personal,sometimes

several entire families about through exattitudes, background, and generations that have periences 10. for cities, rural Surtax LISTS TAX

to districts, ecclesiastical George shape Earliestfrom ArchivesOn film (GS); National and Regional Romney—onecombined tax; generally (Skatte1645, and amounts morecontainingdetaileddistricts,namesinforand

forceful, of the talented most lister) individuals 1710 followabout mation someof ing political today's scene. on men

$5.95 1712,

1814 1718. Summarynames and amountstax assessments,of tax containing OnArchivesfilm (GS); National and Regional

tax assessments, of tax containing names OnArchivesfilm (GS); National and Regional MEREDITHAt all bookstores PRESS 17121720 andCity amounts

film (GS); National and Regional 250 Park Ave.. New York 10017 17731778 Names and amounts of tax OnArchives

16431900: Regional and film (GS); on j 11. 1643 to Name,birth age, residence, sometimes place of [jresent National Archives MILITARYRECORDS

division 1900present: headquarters

{Militarconcerned protokoller)

12. REVENUE containingreal estate namesregisters,of theandownersother On film (GS); National Archives & EX1602-1670 Taxmaterialand cultivatorslists, of farms PENSE

USE THE RECORDSLensregnshaper) HANDY COUPON concerning Norwegian language, 17th during and customs ON PAGE legal NorwayIn print (GS); all main libraries in Ages; deeds 63 13. (DiplomatarDEEDS 12th CC to Oldhistory,the Middledocuments and other

TO RENEW YOUR gicum)ium Norwedocuments

the printed rural Of (bygdebtfker) often many which NOTE—SUBSCRIPTION

their most devote of families, spacesources the are genealogieshistories farmavailable, theand a major of source informationof farminghistory their inhabitants. communities Other and

genealogical periodicals are family available are these regardingandto OR ORDER THE at the Genealogical collections Library; libraries historiescomplete arein inSomevariousof print.found

in archives and Norway.Society ERA FOR A

FRIEND

56 Improvement Era The first largescale commercial continuous slab casting facility in the United States, at U. S. Steel's Gary Steel Works.

ATHOUSAND PROJECTS

... ON THE FIRE

At United States Steel, there's slabs for a hot strip mill that can nace—as tall as a 20story office

something new and different—and produce hotrolled sheets in coils building—will also rise against the

exciting—stirring all the time. as wide as 76 inches and weighing sky. Another project presently in

Right now, we have nearly a thou75,000 pounds. construction stage in the Chicagosand modernization and improveNear Houston, United States Gary area is a new high speed galment projects in various stages of Steel's new Texas Works is taking vanizing line. Similar lines will soon

design, construction or breakin shape for serving the vast and be in operation on the East Coast operation. growing markets in the Southwest. and in Alabama.

After the expenditure of more The nation's most powerful electron Our new taconite plant in Minnethan 1,000 manyears in laboratory, microscope has been installed in sota can supply 4.5 million tons of

pilot plant and engineering studies, the Pittsburgh area, and a new cold pellets annually for use in the prothe first largescale commercial reduction mill and related facilities duction of molten iron. A selfun-

continuous slab casting facility in are also being constructed there. loading ship—the largest and most

the United States is now underTwo modern bar mills are going up modern vessel on the Great Lakes going breakin operation at our in Ohio, and a continuous billet—is being built to transport these

Gary, Indiana Steel Works. This new casting machine is scheduled for pellets to U. S. Steel plants in the

unit transforms molten steel into completion in Southern California ChicagoGary area, and elsewhere, high quality, 40foot- slabs in less in 1968. On stream is a new line for blast furnace consumption.

than an hour. Conventional procfor prepainted steel sheets in BirIt's worth noting, too, that we are

essing takes many hours, somemingham. In the ChicagoGary area continuing to equip every new steeltimes days. is a new mill for producing light, making facility at United States

The continuous casting process flexible steel foil, and a new sixSteel with the latest available antiis a close companion of basic oxystand cold reduction mill that can pollution devices for air and water.

gen steelmaking, and three basic roll in an hour enough steel to make We aim to produce the world's best oxygen furnaces have replaced 17 more than a million standardsize steels and products of steel. At the

open hearth furnaces in the Gary cans. A new basic oxygen process same time, we also want to keep

mill. They feed the steel to the conshop is under construction in South the air and water clean for our

tinuous casting unit, which provides Chicago, where a giant blast furneighbors and ourselves.

(USS) United States Steel

April 1968 57 Speech and the Gospel

By Elder Marion G. Romney

of the Council of the Twelve peech, according to Webster's dictionary, is "the faculty of uttering articulate sounds or words to express thoughts."The objective

of speech training from the Church point of view is to qualify speakers to motivate their listeners to live the gospel. For this purpose, speech

has been used from the very beginning.

When Adam and Eve, following their expulsion from the Garden of

Eden, called upon the name of the

Lord, he spoke to them and "gave unto them commandments....

And Adam was obedient unto the commandments....

"And after many days an angel of the Lord appeared unto

Adam,...

"... saying: This thing [the

*From a talk given in the speech department, MIA June Conference, 1967.

58 Improvement Era

"Speech that motivates people

to live the gospel must do three things...."

sacrifice Adam was offering] is a this people; and when ye are of wrong; and the Personage who adsimilitude of the sacrifice of the that age go to the land Antum, dressed me said that all their

Only Begotten of the Father...,"unto a hill which shall be called creeds were an abomination in his

Then the Holy Ghost "fell upon Shim; and there have I deposited sight; that those professors were

Adam,"and by his own voice God unto the Lord all the sacred enall corrupt; that: 'they draw near

taught Adam the gospel and "Adam gravings concerning this people. to me with their lips, but their

blessed God,... saying:... be- "And behold, ye shall take the hearts are far from me, they teach

cause of my transgression my eyes plates of Nephi unto yourself, and for doctrines the commandments are opened, and in this life I shall the remainder shall ye leave in the of men, having a form of godliness, have joy, and again in the flesh I place where they are; and ye shall but they deny the power thereof.'

shall see God. engrave on the plates of Nephi all "He again forbade me to join

"And Eve, his wife, heard all the things that ye have observed with any of them; and many other

these things and was glad.... concerning this people. things did he say unto me, which

"And Adam and Eve blessed the "And I, Mormon,... remem- I cannot write at this time...."

name of God, and they made all bered the things which Ammaron (Joseph Smith 2:1720.)

things known unto their sons and commanded me."(Morm. 1:2-5.) Joseph never forgot this speech,

their daughters."(See Moses 5:4- Perhaps speech was never more nor did he ever fail to follow the

12.) effectively used in teaching youth directions these two divine Beings

While the Old Testament prophet than when it was used by the gave him on this occasion.

Samuel was a small child, he was Father and the Son in the Sacred Speech, as used in each of instructed by the audible voice Grove in the spring of 1820, when the foregoing illustrations, accomof the Lord concerning the imthey spoke to a 14year-old boy. plished three things:

pending judgment to fall upon the This is his record: 1. It challenged and held the

house of Eli. "... When the light rested upon attention of the hearers.

Mormon, for whom the Book of me I saw two Personages, whose 2. It conveyed a message.

Mormon was named, tells of a brightness and glory defy all 3. It inspired the hearer to works

short speech, directed to him when description, standing above me in of righteousness, he was about ten years old, that the air. One of them spake unto Every speech that motivates

set the pattern for the whole of his me, calling me by name and said, people to live the gospel more fully life. This is his report of the pointing to the other—This is My must accomplish these three things.

speech: Beloved Son. Hear Him! In the art of teaching and train-

"... about the time that Am- "My object in going to inquire ing, Jesus was, as in all other

maron hid up the records unto the of the Lord was to know which of things, the Master. "Whether he

Lord, he came unto me,... and all the sects was right, that I might was teaching the multitudes, or

... said unto me: I perceive that know which to join. No sooner, groups, or individuals,... [he]

thou art a sober child, and art therefore, did I get possession of knew how to interest his listeners quick to observe."Notice how myself, so as to be able to speak, in a preeminent degree."(Charles

adroitly Ammaron engaged Morthan I asked the Personages who Francis McKay, The Art of Jesus mon's interest! stood above me in the light, which as a Teacher, p. 48.

"Therefore, when ye are about of all the sects was right—and which One of his chief vehicles "in

twenty and four years old I would I should join. winning and holding the attention"

that ye should remember the things "I was answered that I must join of his listeners was the parable, that ye have observed concerning none of them, for they were all through which with exquisite skill

April 1968 59 Brand New from Press Publishing Company

So you're going on a mission!

by Barbara Tietjen Jacobs

Designed to define and fill the nontheological needs of those who now serve or hope to serve on missions.

This book is the first to use interviews with active and recent missionaries from all he pointed out the "analogies which missions of the Church as exist between things natural and

It is the its sole source.

first to present maps definthings spiritual."(Ibid.) You will

ing mission boundaries and remember, of course, that he alto summarize living condiways selected the natural things tions and local customs in with which his hearers were all foreign missions. familiar.

Sometimes he drew attention393

Ttaijtn PAGES Barbara Jacob* beautifully a striking declaration: "The instructor with Englishbound BYU graduate,

WeekUniversitylecturer,of Utah,and author.BYU Education scribes and the Pharisees sit in

Contents: Moses'seat: All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that

TravelPreparing tor a Call Girl to Buy Care What and Why observe and do; but do not ye after

* Health Care Food HousekeepingCare Homesickness Care

Care Table Manners Care Grooming Care Extra Equipment—their works: for they say, and do

Help or Hindrance? Skeletons in Missionary Closets Conversation not."(Matt. 23:2-3.)

Driving Letter Care JournalCare Care Care Care Money Often he confronted his hearers

AtterMission Adjustment Recreation Package Care The with a challenging question: "How in missions. all foreign cultural conditions informationPlus and living

can Satan cast out Satan?"(Mark

THE IDEAL GIFT FOR ALL LDS TEENAGERS OVER SIXTEEN! 3:23.) "What think ye of Christ?

Whose son is he?"(Matt. 22:42.)

"For what shall it profit a man,

PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY if he shall gain the whole world,

P. 674 O. Box

Provo, 84601 and lose his own soul?"(Mark Utah

. / have enclosed a check or money order in the amount of $ Please 8:36.)

send me book(s) at $4.95, postpaid. (Utah residents include 3 1/2% sales tax) Frequently he directed his remarks to a specific person: "Simon,

Name. I have somewhat to say unto thee."

Address. (Luke 7:40.) "Thomas, because

City State. Zip. thou hast seen me, thou hast be-

.-'lieved...."(John 20:29.)

Every time Jesus spoke, he challenged the attention of those to

it he spoke, although whom may is This when your insurance man not always in the have been same '%, has to for go to work you. To make

sure he will, make sure now he's way. The thing that sustained

an independent insurance agent.

His job is to serve you first when the continuing attention of his lisyou need help most. We're indeteners, however, was the message

pendent agents. Call us any time.

he gave them. He never spoke

without giving a challenging, your Independent 1 stimulating message. Every speaker

InsuranceSERVES YOUagentFIRST must do this if he is to be at all effective.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. Youth must be schooled in the

General Agents, Salt Lake CityHELP!

Improvement Era

The only sure way b is to speak I et isl Siated au*ar* -most

by the Spirit.'aU renditionsts e%y d ne it su

Tn 6 hands *1 beautiiu

technique of speaking. In learning

to speak in Church situations, their aim must be to motivate the listener to learn and live the gospel.

To do this effectively, those who train them must themselves have a thorough knowledge of the gospel, which can be acquired only through study and contemplation.

On this point Elder John A. Widtsoe wrote:

"To understand religious truth, it must be studied. The gospel of

Jesus Christ comprehends all other knowledge. It is the philosophy

that explains the whole of man's relationship to the universe. It

invites the deepest study and the DESERET NEWS severest scrutiny. In religion as

in science the more a subject is CHURCH studied, the more perfect is our NEWS knowledge of it....

"In the progress towards truth every traveler must walk upon his own feet. Study of the principles

of truth is therefore required of all."(John A. Widtsoe, In Search

of Truth, pp. 11617.

"There is no excellence without labor. I had studied the gospel as

carefully as any science. The

literature of the Church I had acquired and read. During my

spare time, day by day, I had increased my gospel learning....

The claims of Joseph Smith the

Prophet had been examined and the Deseret weekweighed. No scientific claim had Every

Section brings "Church News"News CHURCHdeseret newsNEWS Salt143 LakeSouth City,Main UtahStreet84111 received a more thorough analysis."Latterday Samts together. Please send subscription information on the "Church News.''

(John A. Widtsoe, In a Sunlit ItChurchis an andofficialcontainsorgan reports,of the Name *

Land, p. 158.) instruction and news that

The messages for speeches of the shouldIt costsbeso inlittle.everyMailL.D.S.this home. Address

youth should come from the same coupon now for information. City State.-

April 1968 61 The Savior spoke LEADERSHIP of things familiar

IN GRAPHIC ARTS Deseret News Press to his hearers."

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 source as do the messages of their elders.

To them the Lord said on one occasion: "... the elders,

priests and teachers of this church shall teach the principles of my gospel, which are in the Bible and the Book of Mormon, in the which is the fulness of the gospel."

(D&C 42:12.)

On another occasion he said:

"And I give unto you a commandment that you shall teach

Our modern web offset equipment produces one another the doctrine of the over 1,000,000 magazines each month. kingdom.

"Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend you, that you COPYING...? may be instructed more perfectly

in theory, in principle, in doctrine,

DUPLICATING? in the law of the gospel, in all

She can do both... and thingsdom ofthatGod,pertainthat untoare expedientthe kingfor to understand; you much ofyour daily things "Of both in heaven and

printing needs, too in the earth, and under the earth;

things which have been, things

Gestetner is no ordinary stencil duwhich are, things which must plicator (even though it costs no more). shortly come to pass; things which The Gestetner is ingeniously designed

like a modern printing press with dual are at home, things which are cylinders and outside inking rollers usabroad; the wars and the pering paste ink. That's why the Gestetner plexities of the nations, and the

can produce such professionally attractive forms, bulletins, and illustrated judgments which are on the land;

literature (in halftone, too, and on a and a knowledge also of countries variety of popers and colors of ink). and of kingdoms

Electronic facsimile stencils, by *iw Gestefax, give you a limitless range of "That ye may be prepared in all subjects. The Gestetner process is ecothings when I shall send you again

nomical for 10 copies or 10,000. to magnify the calling whereunto

I have called you, and the mission

I GESTETNER CORP. Dept. 1-4 with which I have commissioned

j 216 Lake Ave., Yonkers, N.Y. 10703 you."(D&C 88:7780.)

I Send details and actual samples. These instructions allow adequate

I Name scope for subject matter. Whatesieiner Organization ever the subject, our challenge is to

COPYING DUPLICATING PRINTING Address | CityPROCESS I State Zip 62 Improvement Era "2* Learn

,'* Cosmetology

Provo!*

There will never be a better time than now... there is not a better place than

the Mary Kawakami College of Beauty in

Provo to begin a rewarding career in Costrain our youth how, in their speakmetology. Mary's is a total involvement

school including: A complete cosmetology

ing, to relate their messages to the curriculum, Salon management, charm, saving principles and ordinances of personality and physical development.

the gospel.

APPLY NOW FOR ACCEPTANCE IN Our facility to accomplish this THE SUMMER OR FALL PROGRAM.

will as improve our we develop ability to inspire to works them of *terA ofmajorthe westeducationalwith overand20,000culturaluniverscen- righteousness. ity students.

The sure and only way to do this is to speak by the Spirit. How we

are to get the Spirit was made perfectly plain by the Lord when to Let me add your name to our growing the priesthood, whom he had inlist of successful cosmetologists the structed to "teach the principles world over. Mail the coupon below

for all the details including college of [the] gospel, which are in the supervised housing accommodations

Bible and the Book of Mormon,"and tuition scholarships. udy under the

he added: direction of Mary

"And [you] shall observe the asKawakami,one of recognizedthe worlds covenants and the church articles hairgreat stylists.contemporary

to do them, and these shall be MARY KAWAKAMI COLLEGE OF[your] teachings, as [you] shall be BEAUTY* directed by the Spirit. MARY KAWAKAMI COLLEGE OF BEAUTY 336 West Center Provo, Utah 84601

"And the Spirit shall be given Please send me, without obligation, your FREE 1968 Catalog and Housing Bulletin along unto you by the prayer f faith; with information on how I can qualify for a scholarship.

and if ye receive not the Spirit ye

;shall not teach."(D&C 42:1215.) NAMF "No man,"said President Heber ADDRESS.

J. Grant, "can teach the gospel of

Jesus Christ under the inspiration I CITY STATE. ZIP of the living God and with power.s

from on high unless he is living it."(Gospel Standards, p. 72.) I

And so, my beloved coworkers, I The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 I go forward. By precept and exam- I Please enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for I

I I train of the teachple youth and Name. I I

Israel of the the to speak by power Address I I

Spirit.

I City State Zip. I

You can assure them that the I (Check one) Give credit for this subscription to I

Lord has made it clear that there I I..Ward or Branch Iis a lot of speaking yet to be I This is a renewal D

done in winning and keeping souls I This is a gift.Stake or Mission I

I Ifor Jesus the Christ and for If gift, also give name and address of donor. I I yearhis Church. O years O years O I I Name I $3.00 $5.75 0$8.25

I Address Add $2.50 for each additional year I

I I

April 1968 63 he third spurious proposition is Bishop Spaulding's

text the Prophet's with original "the that announcementPart I. Challenge and Response (Continued)

141 investigation."for our [sic] available are translation

This statement, as Professor Pack noted, "is a very misleading one. In the first place, we do not have the original

text, at most only three small fragments of it.... In the

second place these fragments cannot be considered as forming part of the text of the Book of Abraham."142 But Dr.

Pack has overlooked the most important point of all, which is that the "three small fragments"themselves are by no means the original text. And that is an allimportant point,

since if our experts are to pass judgment on Smith's understanding of any document, they must absolutely see what it is that he is interpreting or translating. As we shall see,

the experts accused Joseph Smith and the Mormons of aking significant alterations in their reproductions of the

Facsimiles, and even of outand-out invention of some of the figures: without the originals we cannot test these very

grave charges. Professor E. J. Banks, discoursing at the

University of Utah, pontifically declared that "the Mormon elders made, a fatal mistake"when they talked about papyri, because "the inscriptions are not upon papyrus, but upon small clay objects...,"which news went abroad to the

64 Improvement Era Spalding leads them in a chorus of denunciation of the Prophet sung in perfect unison, but when the parties undertake to sing solo without his direction, strange things begin to happen.

world in the pages of the eminent Literary Digest. 1 * 3 Again,

only if we have the originals can we give a definitive reply to such wild accusations. In 1842 an article in the New We Should Explain

York Herald actually declared that the papyri did not come from Egypt at all, but were "discovered, we presume by The first draft of this series of articles was written some

Joseph Smith's grandfather."144 Only the original docuyears before the Church came into possession of the recently

ments could prove to the world that they were not acquired papyri, and had already been slated to appear in the Era when big news broke. They were never meant as

forgeries.

When we come to discuss the Facsimiles one by one, we an examination of the new evidence, though they do provide shall have occasion to note what drastic alterations they a necessary approach to it. Since the new problems could

have suffered through the years at the hands of their various not be dealt with instantly, and the preliminary material was already at hand, it was decided to release the historical backcopyists. Here let us briefly indicate by way of illustration

ground material while working on the other.

the sort of indignities that these muchreproduced docuMany people have asked impatiently why the Church has ments have had to put up with. To cite a recent example, not put the papyri into the hands of the learned. The answer

the 1965 printing of George Reynolds'and J. M. Sjodahl's is simple: it is because they have already been in the hands

valuable Commentary on the Pearl of Great Price is adorned of recognized scholars for many years, although no Latterby a dust jacket depicting in greatly magnified form the day Saint was even aware of their existence until about two impressive figure of a lionheaded deity seated on a throne years ago. At no time have the manuscripts not been just

in a boat—obviously Figure 3 in Facsimile 2. But in earlier as available to Egyptologists as they are now to members of

engravings of the facsimile, as well as in other hypocephali the Church. Since the Church obtained them, they have

resembling it, the figure has not a lion's head, which makes been made available to everyone. It is not the Mormons who

no sense, but the head of an ibis, which makes very good have kept the documents out of the hands of the scholars sense. Again, the crocodile that lurks at the bottom of Facbut the other way around. If it had not been for Professor

simile 1 was actually turned into a cat in the official English Aziz S. Atiya, we should still know nothing about the papyri;

reproduction of 1842! In earlier reproductions Figure 2 in

he is in a very real sense their discoverer.

Facsimile 2 is seen holding a long staff, surmounted by With the sudden appearance of the longlost papyri and the wellknown jackal standard, but in later editions of the the great surge of popular interest in the Pearl of Great

Pearl of Great Price, including the one in use today, the Price and in things Egyptian, it was necessary, before everystaff has disappeared with the result that many Latterday thing else, to take precautions against certain basic misSaints insist on seeing in the jackal (turned upside down!) understandings. First of all, a preliminary notice was in

if It the figure is as of a bird. had felt the Mormons it clear that enough quite to make we were that order-—just

these since drawings, are they mere symbols anyway, may of the fragments obviously from were aware that some the be copied pretty much as one pleases. Book of the Dead and that Joseph Smith had engaged in

But when Bishop Spalding sent by far the worst copies extensive speculation about some of the writings which, in of all to his eight judges with the announcement that they the present state of our knowledge, no one is obligated to were in a position to criticize "the original text,"he was accept as scripture. Along with this we took the calculated

way out of bounds. As recently as 1963 an eminent Egyprisk of offending both defenders and critics of the Book of

tologist mistook the wdjateyc of Figure 7 in Facsimile 2 for Abraham in order to forestall premature speculations and a fan—an egregious blunder justifiable solely on the grounds hasty conclusions.

of bad copying. Until scholars have access to the original The critics of the Pearl of Great Price, like those of the

documents, their conclusions based on the old engravings Book of Mormon, have always had a weakness for instant can only be regarded as tentative. solutions. As soon as anyone starts putting a long equation

(4) Another mistaken premise, and one by which almost on the blackboard or begins to demonstrate the steps in everybody is taken in, is, in the words of the New York the solution of an involved problem, these students cry out, stalling; give us the Times, that "the sacred Mormon text was susceptible of "Never mind all that—you are only

accurate and complete analysis,"and had actually received the "thoughtful consideration of the world's foremost OrienApril 1968 65—Many proofs of the experts'conclusions were promised

but none ever came.

answer!"They would prefer to have the teacher say,

"Students, I am a mathematician, and the answer is zero talists."1415 How much thoughtful consideration they gave

because I say so. Class dismissed."This has been the inis apparent in the exceeding brevity of their letters, in which

gratiating method of the Pearl of Great Price critics from the they still had time to drop such revealing tags as, "It is beginning. But it is not enough to tell people what we think difficult to deal seriously with Joseph Smith's impudent

the answer is to this particular problem; we want them to fraud..."(Sayce); "... notes to his facsimiles cannot be

see why we believe our answer is right, and to understand taken seriously by any scholar..."(Mercer); "The 'Book

how it has been derived. We have been taken to task for of Abraham,'it is hardly necessary to say, is a pure fabriquoting in reply to the Egyptologists of 1912 the observations cation..."(Mace); "His interpretations are of course all

of Mormons who were not Egyptologists. We quoted them rubbish!"(H. Woodward, 1903); "... the professed exbecause what they said was to the point, and the Egyptoloplanations are too absurd to be noticed..."(Petrie);

gists never answered them. One does not have to be a "... rather comical... amusing ignorance..."(Peters).

meteorologist to report that the sky is clear or that it is If such individuals could not take the thing seriously, snowing. they should have turned the assignment over to others who

As an example of how complicated the issues can become, would be willing to do so if only for the sake of argument.

we call attention to the March 1968 issue of a privately but When the Mormons objected to the offhanded and conwidely circulated news sheet, "The Salt Lake City Messentemptuous treatment this very important subject was getting, ger,"announcing in characteristically sensational headlines Dr. Mercer replied by admitting that "illtemper was

"The Fall of the Book of Abraham."At last! shown,"that "animus [was] evident,"and that "several

The publishers of the news sheet were kind enough to of the scholars were disgusted with what they sincerely provide the reader with a demonstration of their Egyptology believed to be an imposition...."14G He also admitted

at work, in the form of a transcription and translation by a that "the reply of each scholar was brief, very little time

Mr. Hewards of a section of one of the LDS papyri. The picbeing devoted to a study of the Prophet's work in general."

ture of a swallow on the fragment makes it possible for even He could, however, readily explain both their haste and the rankest amateur like this writer to spot at once the corretheir superficiality: as to the first, "it required only a glance

sponding passage in Budge's muchpublished translation as to find out that the interpretation and the translation were

Chapter 86 of the Book of the Dead. The student who takes absolutely wrong in every detail."As to the second, "the

the pains to compare Budge's translation of Ani, Mr. Hescholars felt that linguistically... the subject was not

wards'purported translation of the LDS fragment, and the worth much of their valuable time. Hence their brief

LDS fragment itself will soon discover that Mr. H. is not replies."147 However, the Mormons could rest assured that

translating the LDS fragment at all, but simply paraphrasing they had received the full treatment, since the final estiBudge. The papyrus of Ani and the LDS fragment are much mate, presented by Mercer himself, was given "as sincerely

alike, btit they are far from identical, and whenever the two and as scientifically as possible."148

differ it is the text of Budge that Mr. H. translates, in the How strange then, that Bishop Spalding, joining his voice

language of Budge, and NOT the LDS manuscript, which he with Mercer's in the final benediction, defends himself by claims to be reading. Space will not allow here the presentadeclaring that his "pamphlet makes no pretention of being

tion of the many passages in the translation in which this is a scientific treatise."14 '-'Widtsoe the scientist was properly

glaringly apparent. amazed. Here, surely, is a strange turn of things after all

This is another example of a principle that has been only that talk of "thoughtful consideration"and "accurate and too fully illustrated in Pearl of Great Price criticism, namely, complete analysis.""I was amazed, therefore, to read in

that it is easy to fool the public on matters of which the your letter, your vigorous refusal to become classed as public knows nothing. No one is more eager than this writer scientific, and your denial of any intent to conduct such

to get out of the critical Slough of Despond and start discussan inquiry."This opens the panel of judges to the charge

ing the wonderful discoveries that are now casting a strange of "careless superficiality. Your work has only begun. You

new light on the Book of Abraham. But before we can do must either admit defeat or you must carry on to the

that, we must deal with a lot of preliminary questions that end."150 Again the impulsive Mercer admitted that there

others have raised.—H.N. was more to be done, but met the challenge only with

clumsy evasion in the declaration "that many proofs of the

66 Improvement Era correctness of his conclusions could be furnished if deThey "join without a dissenting paragraph in the consired."351 But when the Mormons were most outspoken in demnation"of Smith. 15fi That is easy enough to explain

their desire, none of the many proofs were forthcoming. without even any reference to religion: Joseph Smith as

The Spalding party cannot have it both ways. They a rank outsider was bound to call forth "sundry exprescannot claim a calm, thorough, scientific investigation while sions of contempt at the efforts of a nonprofessional transadmitting illtemper, haste, and indifference. We are not lator,"157 for, as R. C. Webb observes, it is only natural

interested in the reasons, however valid, for denying "accu- "that a person trained in any given line should view with rate and complete analysis"to the Facsimiles; we are only impatience the efforts of one not so trained. 15S This is

interested in the fact that it was denied. Granted that the particularly so in the case of Egyptologists, for reasons

experts had the best reasons in the world for not bothering already noted; also, they are incurable individualists, and

to give thoughtful consideration to the documents, by diseven more impatient of each other's ignorance than most cussing those reasons Mercer has effectively refuted Bishop professionals—the one thing that could make them close

Spalding's claim that thoughtful consideration was given. ranks and agree was the intrusion of an outsider. 159 "They

Also, we are not interested in why the authorities could not agree, to be sure, in denouncing Smith's captions,"wrote read the hieroglyphs; their excuses are perfectly legitimate, Webb, "but this is not surprising—denouncing Smith is a

100and what they amount to is an admission that the problem sort of habit—but they disagree on all other points."

is too hard for them—they have flunked the test. Very well, Presidents Francis M. Lyman and Joseph J. Cannon in

we may dismiss them without prejudice; they cannot be the British Mission had commented on this interesting

held responsible if they are given a text to read that is, for phenomenon some years before, when some English Egypwhatever reason, beyond their capacity. But in leaving the tologists had given their opinion of the interpretation of

room, let them not boast of their triumphs, and gloat over the Facsimiles: "We were very much struck by their unity

what they consider the manifest incapacity of others. After in declaring the Prophet's interpretations bosh, rubbish,

Mercer's long reply, the experts absolutely refused to discuss and the extremely wide differences between their own the matter any further; even Professor Breasted, "who seems interpretations."101 It was the same in 1903 as in 1912:

very much interested in the matter,"according to Mercer, perfect unanimity in denouncing Joseph Smith, and dis- "... thinks that there is nothing further to add.... agreement in everything else. Here we see the wisdom of

thinks it almost useless to reply."152 "Almost"is not good having no collusion among the experts—Spalding leads

enough with so much at stake; Dr. Widtsoe could make them in a chorus of denunciation of the Prophet sung in

allowances for the scholars, "busy men who are anxious to perfect unison, but when the parties undertake to sing solo get back to their work,"but hardly for Bishop Spalding, without his direction, strange things begin to happen.

who had started and engineered the whole thing: "It was Professor George Barton innocently gave the game away

your investigation, not theirs."153 Just when the Mormons when he wrote: "In reality these disagreements are simply

"hoped for an exhaustive discussion"after the very brief marks that the scholars wrote without collusion."102 Prepreliminaries, Spalding banged the door, deftly evading all cisely; on particular points on which they comment without

the real questions, as Sjodahl observed, while "at the same collusion and without reference to Joseph Smith, they fail time the pamphlet is being circulated, and the impression signally to agree; but when they mention Joseph Smith,

goes out with it that it is unanswered and unanswerable. it is in a context of prior understanding in which they

... This, we say, is the impression which the Bishop have seen eye to eye all their lives.

permits to go forth, by ignoring the other side of the The Mormon amateurs had a field day listing the points argument."154 of disagreement that emerged every time the authorities

(5) Another basic proposition of Dr. Spaulding, and one ventured to give scholarly opinions of their own—apart

that is vital to his case, is that among the experts there is from their one common article of faith about Joseph Smith.

practically complete agreement as to the real meaning of In reply, the Spalding party was forced to fall back on the the hieroglyphics. 155 Aside from the fact that none of the most desperate and bankrupt authoritarianism, insisting

hieroglyphics had been read is the not minor consideration that while to the amateur the differences might appear that the experts agreed on one point only—and they were glaring enough, "the expert sees no discrepancy,"—'"an

agreed on that before they ever heard from Bishop Spalding. argument [writes Webb] unworthy of him [Mercer] or of

April 1968 67 On not a single point do all the authorities agree, and no two of

any other person professing to be a careful scholar."163 It was entirely fitting and proper for the Mormons to make

We need not list all the points of disagreement here; 164 it the most of these discrepancies, for they are by no means

will be enough to give a sampling of opinions regarding minor ones. The scholars go out of their way to hammer

Facsimile 1: home the point that the things which Joseph Smith had

Deveria (whose authority is later accepted by Spalding): misinterpreted were painfully obvious to any scholar. The

"... the soul of Osiris in the form of a hawk... Osiris learned jury had been allowed to make the problem as

reviving on the funeral couch. The god Anubis bringing easy as possible for themselves—and us—and had chosen

about the resurrection of Osiris."to interpret only the easiest, most familiar, and most imPetrie: "... the well known scene of Anubis preparing portant figures in the drawings, telling us that if Joseph

the body of a dead man. Figure 1 is the hawk Horus. Smith had known the first thing about Egyptian he could

Figure 2 is the dead person. Figure 3 is Anubis."not possibly have missed the meaning of everything as he

Breasted: "Number 1 depicts a figure reclining on a did. They felt as the critics of 1845 felt, that "the whole

couch, with a priest officiating.... The reclining figure thing is too gross to bear patiently, too painful to laugh at,"

... represents Osiris rising from the dead. Over his head in view of the "familiar and now understood ideographic

is a bird, in which form Isis is represented."character of Egyptian...."That is why Mercer could

Peters: "Apparently the plate... represents an embalmer write: "It is complained that the scholars did not interpret

preparing a body for burial. At the head the soul (Kos) all the figures of these facsimiles.... They probably felt

is flying away in the form of a bird.... In the waters as I did, that their time was too valuable to spend on such

below the earth I see a crocodile waiting to seize and devour scientific work as that of Joseph Smith's guesses [which] the dead if he be not properly protected by ritual embalm-... cannot be taken seriously by any scholar."165

ing."What we have here, the experts assure us, is "a well

Meyer: "... the body of the dead lying on a Ba'(bier) known scene"(Petrie), "merely the usual scene"(Lythgoe),

... the soul in the shape of a bird flying above it, and a "a very familiar papyrus... (the) true meaning is quite

priest approaching it."obvious and constant..."(Mercer), "... available in

Lythgoe: "... merely the usual scene of the mummy untold thousands"of copies (Breasted). Since all our

upon its bier. The idolatrous priest... was [Dr. Lythgoe authorities have seen untold thousands of reproductions of

explained] merely the familiar figure of the god Anubis, this very scene, one might suppose that they had long since 'protector of mummies'... leaning over it in a position come to perfect agreement as to just what it represents.

as if to keep it from harm."Even the layman, we learn, is without excuse in such a

Professors Sayce, Mace, and Mercer have nothing whatsimple matter, for "five minutes study in an Egyptian ever to say about Facsimile 1, which made the Mormons gallery of any museum should be enough to convince any wonder, since precisely these three were the most outspoken educated man of the clumsiness of the imposture,"166 while of all in denouncing Joseph Smith, thus seeming to confirm "by comparing his notes with any elementary book of the rule that the less real knowledge one has, the more one Egyptian language and religion"Smith's folly "becomes must rely on bluster and invective. unquestionably evident."167 The whole thing is just too

This leaves us with six brief statements (one by the easy for words, and that is why we may be permitted to outsider Deveria) pointing out only the salient and obvious raise an eyebrow when the authorities start giving their features of a thoroughly familiar scene. On not a single various opinions, or hesitating to give them. "The things

point do all the authorities agree, and no two of them agree that puzzled the inspired Mormon translator,"the Times on all points. What to some is just a dead man is to others article reports, "were no puzzle at all to Dr. Lythgoe."168

Osiris himself; what to some is an ordinary priest or Three cheers for Dr. Lythgoe. Only why do his explanaembalmer about to cut open a cadaver is to others Anubis tions sound so radically different from that which was prohimself, leaning over the body to protect it; what to some pounded by his learned colleagues? (To be continued)

is a body being laid away is to others a man rising from

FOOTNOTES the dead; what to some is a man's soul flying away is to

another the Horus hawk approaching and to yet others the ]11>F.lilF. J.S. Pack,Spalding,in Era,JosephVol. Smith16, p. as335.Translator, p. 18.

lady Isis. 34JR.143E G.J. Banks,Bennett,in inThethe LiteraryNew YorkDigest,Herald,JulyApril10, 3,1915,1842,p. p.66.2.

68 Improvement Era

them agree on all points.'

145Netu York Times, Magazine Section, Dec. 29, 1912, p. 12. ir,9In 1947 an attempt was made to organize an international society

U6S. A. B. Mercer, in Utah Survey, Vol. 1, pp. 9, 12. of Egyptologists, such a society as exists in almost all professions; the

Ibid., p. 8. attempt was a complete failure. For an example of Egyptologists speaking

usIbid., p. 4. of each other in much the same terms in which Spalding's jury spoke

"UF. S. Spalding, in Era, Vol. 16, p. 611. of Joseph Smith, see A. Wiedemann, in Rcceuil des Travaux, Vol. 8

350John A. Widtsoe, in Era, Vol. 16, p. 616. (1886), p. 143; A. Piehl, ibid., pp. 7483, and Vol. 8 (1887), pp.

B1S. A. B. Mercer, in Utah Survey, Vol. 1, p. 11. 191ff; also Wiedemann, ibid., p. 196, and E. Chassinat, Vol. 20

S. A. B. Mercer, in Era, Vol. 16, p. 611. (1889), pp. 1-31.

lri3John A. Widtsoe, in Era, Vol. 16, p. 458. 100R. C. Webb, in Era, Vol. 17 (1914), p. 321.

154J. M. Sjodahl, in Era, Vol. 16, pp. 110001. 1(ilBeport of Junius F. Wells, in Era, Vol. 16, pp. 341ff.

Bishop Spalding labors this point in Era, Vol. 16, pp. 61516. 102G. Barton, in Era, Vol. 16, p. 614.

in Era, Vol. 16, "Their vary p. 1080. C. Webb, consequential do not comments in any particular,"New 1<;3B

are lists B. ""There Roberts, by H. Section, Times, York Magazine Dec. p. 5. 29, 1912, in Era, Vol. 16, pp. 320f,

""Ibid., p. 4. and Vol. 17, pp. 31720.

1B7R. C. Webb, in Era, Vol. 16, p. 453. As an outsider Joseph 103S. A. B. Mercer, in Era, Vol. 16, p. 613.

Smith could only prejudice the experts by not using their terminology, 106Neto York Times, Magazine Section, Dec. 29, 1912, p. 4.

even when giving the same interpretation as theirs; ibid., p. 1079, a67S. A. B. Mercer, in Spalding, Joseph Smith as Translator, p. 29.

i*Ibid., p. 1077. t<KNeto York Times, loc. cit.

CHURCH & JUNIOR OLYMPIC CAMP m |P f"f"school LAND OF ZARAHEMLA

FURNITURE CLINTWOOD, VIRGINIA IrnrrII Lb Km for 360 Boys and

SCUBA DIVING—HORSEBACKGirls RIDING—KARATE—SPRINGBOARD DIVING (ycywvNvvoA WATER———JEWELRY CO. Folding Chairs CATALOG & Tables... RIFLERY ARCHERY & GYMNASTICS—MUSIC—SKIING

DA 2-1039 Stacking Chairs 42WEST2ND. SOUTH ARTS DRAMA CRAFTS. &—

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH Blackboards Lecterns t Located on 228 acres in beautiful Cumin berland Mountains Virsouthwestern Hat Racks Coat &. TABLES!TABLES! its i- j-. ginia, with acre own 40 lake adjacent Delivery/ INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER immediate CHAIRS!CHAIRS! i / to Jefferson Forest. Memorial National

One of the best managed camps in the

United States. Adirondack124-H Park Ave. So.; N.Y.C. 10010 For free brochure write: Youth Development Foundation, Clintwood, Virginia PITTSBURGH CHICAGO—22428. ANGELES ATLANTA LOS Are you moving? To be sure you won't ShippingBOSTON *PointsDALLAS

miss any copies of the ERA, please notify us at least 30 days in advance.

Send your new address, including ZIP code, plus the address label from your last issue (or a copy of it) with the former address and code numbers on it, to The Improvement Era, 79 So.

State St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

YOUNG MEN

WANTED AS: s o'clock

if Stora Managan if Manufacturer's Representative if Sales Managers if Advertising Executives if ManagersDepartment You can now call Long Distance outof-state for

yourself for Prepare a $1* or less on week nights starting at 7, That's career by good paying enrolling in "LD's"one hour earlier! Come join the movement to 7 course. MarketingSales

FREE JOB PLACEMENT Interstate call, three minutes, stationto -station, to anywhere in

SUMMER QUARTER BEGINS JUNE 17 ths Continental U. S. except Alaska

FALL QUARTER BEGINS SEPTEMBER 17

Write for our new catalog Mr. N. W. Saunders

LDS BUSINESS COLLEGE Mountain States Telephone 41 1 E. South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah April 1968 69

Tourific!

HAWAII Weekly HILL CUMORAH pageant 17Days -$279 19 Days - 319 22 Days - 359 TheBestKept

TEXAS HEMISFAIR

14 Days - $259 22 Days - 369 inthe (Including So. States & Florida)

22 Days - $396 (Including Mexico City & Acapulco) Universe

For all travel and ticketing arrangements

6ARET Lul INC. TRAVEL P MelchizedekPriesthood South East 2nd 110

Salt Lake City, Utah.

8981 57103?*

Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136

Logan 2456584 Idaho Falls, 5222581.

Mesa 9645283

rom widely separated areas of the Church this comment Try Lyman's has come: "I'm glad the General Authorities are planning temples

VITAMINS at Provo and Ogden, Utah. That will give us several years, ivhile

they are being built and dedicated, before the end of the ivorld."and

Yes, difficidt times are ahead for the inhabitants of the earth,

MINERALS culminating at an unspecified time in the loosing of the elements

Less than 2* a tablet and the destruction of great cities and lands as the very earth conHIGH POTENCY vidses with the second coming of Jesus the Christ. But for the

faithful it will not be the end.

ALL NATURAL They shall live in the millennium when the Christ shall

Formulated to equal or improve personally reign. They shall mingle and exchange views with

on many tablets selling for 5 or resurrected beings. What a glorious opportunity shall be theirs—

6{ each. ivith Satan and all his potvers bound—to marry, to rear their

Clip and Mail or Write children, and to do the work of the Lord in the temples and

Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive,

Salt Lake City, Utah elsewhere.

Please send Daily Supply Tablets, Elder {later President of the Church) Wilford Woodruff postage free.

said 16, in the Salt 1877 September Lake Tabernacle tablets..$8.95 \ 500 Quantity...

tab|ets will lQQ be devoted to years the Savior comes, a thousand "When L95

Name this work of redemption; and Temples will appear all over this land of Joseph,—North and South America—and also in Europe Address.

City

State..Zip.

70 Improvement Era Happiness is

and elsewhere; and all the descendants of Shem, Ham, and

Japheth who received not the Gospel in the flesh, must be officiated for in the Temples of God, before the Savior can present the kingdom to the Father, saying, 'It is finished.'"(Journal of Discourses, Vol 19, p. 230.)

President Brigham Young said that temples are built "as fast as the work requires, for the express purpose of redeeming our dead."(JD, Vol. 2, p. 138.) He also promised the building of

hundreds and thousands of temples. (See JD, Vol. 10, p. 254, and

Speaking at general conference on April 5, 1918, Charles W.

Penrose, second counselor in the First Presidency, said, "... but

when the glorious millennial day shall be fully ushered in, temples In a Gold Medallion home, will be built at various points on this great land of Zion lAmerica] everything's electric includivhich extends from the north of the continent to the south thereof, ing the heat.

and the work for the dead will continue, and the saviors on Mount UTAH POWER a LIGHT CO.

Zion will be multiplied in our posterity...."(Conference Report,

April 1918, p. 16.) Just Invented!

President of the Church Joseph F. Smith said that temples NOTE-A-RIOT-Y

were "to dot Europe."(Der Stern, 1906, p. 332.) President David Anginningexcitingstudents:new music game teaches be-

1. Names of music notes!0. McKay has stated that the Swiss Temple is only the first of 2. Where notes are located on the staff!

several temples to be built in Europe. (Deseret News, April 3, 3.BothWherekids notesand adultsare locatedhave onso themuchpiano!fun

1953, pp. Al, A9.) playinglearn theNOTE-A-RIOT-Y.Basic Music Essentials!An exciting way to

The millennium is to dawn with the coming of the Savior. The ONLY $2.00

Mail orders ship postage welcomed—we

paid.actual time of the second coming is the bestkept secret of the

E. SINCLAIR IMPORTS 255 400 N.

universe. Not even the angels of heaven know. But prophetic Monroe, Utah 84754

Money back guarantee signs have been recorded in the scriptures, and good men and women have studied and pondered. InSUMMERthe Ruby VACATIONmountains ofONEasternA RANCHNevada

The presentday work for members of the Church has been swimming, riding, hiking, packtrips, etc.

well defined: Live the covenants taken at baptism and elsewhere tors.SupervisedTwo, fiveby certifiedweek sessions.educationGirlsinstruc-8-18.

and renewed with the weekly partaking of the sacrament; labor CONTACT

(Mr. & Mrs. David Neff, Arthur Route,

faithfully in the tvards and stakes, missions and branches; rear Wells, Nevada.)

families in righteousness; become "saviors on Mount Zion"by

COPIES XEROXactivity both in genealogical research and in temple attendance; do 7c each—5c if over 70 of same or different

not fret unnecessarily concerning the future. In the words of Alma, sheets10"x 15"up tosize)8V2"Mail x orders14"accepted(9c each (addfor

this life is "a time to prepare to meet God."(Al. 12:24-.) And anpostage plus 25c for handling)

STEVENSON'S other Book of Mormon prophet said: "And behold, I tell you these GENEALOGICAL CENTER

things that ye may learn wisdom; that ye may learn that when 230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601

ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the

SPIRIT LAKE LODGE in the high Uintahs makes service of your God."(Mosiah 2:17.) O your ward party a success.

Write to Steve Putnam, 5718 S. 625 East, Murray, Utah 84107.

April 1968 71 Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

Empty Bookends flour sifter without flour, a pen with no ink, a fireplace minus logs, and a pair of empty bookends—all are useless. Nothing

appears more forlorn than two bookends standing side by side with nary a book in sight, unless it is bookshelves filled with trinkets.

Have you ever walked into a house and without knowing the owners wished that they were your friends just by seeing the overflow of wellchosen books in each room?

''....: ': and a part of its utility is the role m;.:": ','-.. "*'.."'A house becomes a home by use,

r played by books. A kitchen stove SKWa s?3k

helps feed a man's physical hun- m full of books serves ger, and a wall % I..'!;;* vHCw needs. his mental

'"4t$M vm- A small boy said, "I'd like to jJl Wf A;.h have a million books someday. The

>tfoes> first thing my daddy ever gave j i e c 4ii a/> -e A me was a book. As soon as I was

II

Improvement Era

born he bought a book and showed into a world where you are the it to my mother and said, 'This is greatest scientist, the most gifted for our son.'"What a heritage to artist, the best cook, a graceful

give a son! It will take him anyballet dancer, or a ski expert, withwhere his heart and mind desire. out your even leaving your chair.

Parents should take their children You can explore this earth along by the hand and lead them to with Columbus, Cook, or Byrd.

sources of knowledge. Have you You can let your imagination soar

found the time to introduce each with the author to the year 2500 one of your children to the public and taste the wonders of science;

library? If this has been done or you can forget the future, walk The Egg's the Star

with anticipation and enthusiasm, a back through history, and perhaps habit will be formed of lingering find out the plan of things. By

in libraries. There is a certain reading, you get a view from the

smell, especially in the children's top of the mountain, and the "now"section of a library, that is a is anywhere the book takes you.

combination of Christmas morning, Vision, courage, and solace can your birthday, and your favorite come from the printed page. Learn

person. Can you close your eyes to think as your eyes travel over

and imagine this aroma and feel the words, and relate to each writthe joy as a grownup dropped you ten thought. Try reading with a

off alone at the library and said pencil in your hand to keep your he'd not be back for you until mind on the contents, and you noon? What happiness it was to might even take a bite off the

look around at rows upon rows of eraser as the excitement mounts.

books, to choose two or three of Reading is a friend of change.

them, to walk over to a small chair To know what others think and the egg is in the spotlight in the by a low table and settle down do can help you adapt to this kitchen. At Easter, with its confor a voyage out of this world. chameleon world. Reading will notation of rebirth, we use the

Perhaps you'd glance once or also give you the knowledge you egg as the symbol of a fresh betwice over at that very special need to make more correct choices. ginning. In the home we have

woman seated behind the desk, and Be unafraid of new ideas and read taken this humble chicken egg and in your heart you'd decide she had more than one side of a subject worked miracles in a culinary and the very best job in the whole so that you can form an honest decorative way. Eggs at this time

world. She too loved books. opinion of your own. of year do not remain white and

Books are living creatures; that Studying and reading help precream colored; they boast every

is, if you make them so. They are pare you for "always."It's a haphue in the rainbow. We find these

something to love, to defend, to pier way to grow older. Fresh, new colors in vegetable dyes, but there

enjoy, to investigate, and to conideas keep a mind alert and capable are a few oldfashioned ideas that sume. Books make wonderful reof thinking, reasoning, and learnwould be fun to try.

wards to give to children. A ing. Daily reading has a stabilizing Have you ever taken a dry, clean,

carefully chosen book can be a effect on a person; it provides one uncooked egg and covered it with

most personal gift. with something to talk about. It small pieces of wet onion skins?

The 24karat, lasting kind of gold is impossible to give something you Use red onions as well as the brown can be found in books. At a flip don't have. Collect the thoughts and white varieties. Carefully

of a page it is possible to be in of others. A reader becomes a choose the most colorful skins that

Greece, in Chile, or in Alaska. A giver, an interesting, informative, you can find, and let the onion

book has the power to take you and challenging individual. skins soak in water for easier

April 1968 73 handling. Then collect some tiny Cut the eggs in half lengthwise and

interesting leaves and blades of devilmustard,by addingand saladoniondressing.salt, pepper,Place thedry

grass. Clover makes beautiful deviled egg halves in a shallow buttered

patterns. Next a white crayon will bakingand putpan.aroundBreakthetheeggs.shrimpSautein piecesthe

come in handy. First print the mushrooms in the butter and when

name in white crayon on the egg; brown pour over the eggs and shrimp.

Make the cheese sauce by melting the then place three or four leaves or butter and stirring in the flour, seasonblades of grass artistically around ings, milk, and cheese. Continue stirring

until the cheese is melted. Pour the

shell the entire the egg, cover and top over the egg mixture and sauce study with Robert Steur

F. 350 with buttered crumbs. Bake at different colored of the with one

onion skins. Wrap carefully with until bubbly and brown.

Hair Styling team member! cotton thread to hold all in place. Ham and Egg Supper

Arrange the eggs in a deep pan (Serves 8) You can study for a beauty career and cover with cold water. Put

with of Steur, Robert the member the butter, bring the a cover tablespoons melted on and pan 4

S. fourman U. Styling Hair Olympic flour tablespoons 3 boil; to a gradually turn water all instructors Expert Team. trained milk 2 cups

in his Steur Robert by methods. for the heat simmer and down 10 Salt to taste and pepper

for Write scholarship information. dry mustard teaspoon Va in the the minutes. stand Let eggs

2 cups chopped ham water for a short time. Clip the 10 hardcooked eggs, sliced

threads and remove all the leaves 1 cup crushed potato chips skins. butter the onion With and butter, with the white a sauce Make COLLEGE OF BEAUTY

salt milk; mustard and and add polish each flour, hands, your on

S.L.C. Wilmington Ave., 1205 Phone 4869367 rubbed taste. Sprinkle the to bottom pepper

eggof with casserole cup a greased of Vi

You will be happily surprised the crushed potato chips. Add a layer

a layer layer a of of and eggs and ham /just years or as 75 children 50 were layers top sauce. of white and Repeat

Steur Robert College this of the in one of Beauty 'ago was chips. when Bake few with remaining potato

Ave. Wilmington 1 205

F. 350 for minutes about oven a 30 eggs color to Salt City egg. Lake an two ways No

is until casserole the and brown or

Please send me information about your will be alike, and, in case you are bubbly.

courses and scholarships. worrying, no onion flavor or scent

is left on the egg. Eggs Italian

(Serves 4)

address hardcooked eggs, sliced

EASTER Va tenderpound spaghetti, cooked until just

EGG 1 onion, chopped TOMORROWS 3 tablespoons green pepper, chopped 2 tablespoons butter Planning to Buy or Rent in 3 tablespoons flour

WASHINGTON, DC AREA? Brunch Eggs Salt2 cupsand peppercanned totomatoes,taste chopped

Booklet: DESTINATION (Serves 6) Grated Parmesan cheese

WASHINGTON packed Drain the spaghetti and put in a shallow with information. Write 6 hardcooked eggs, deviled buttered casserole. Saute the onion

Mrs. Jeannie Beck, LDS, 1 can shrimp and green pepper in butter until soft

in Stir the flour and drained brown. but not can 1 4-ounce mushrooms,6013 Leewood Dr. Alex.,

the and butter gradually blend in tomatoes tablespoons 2

Va. 703971-5340. until Stir constantly pepper. with: salt and sauce made cups cheese 2y2

OR contact 2 tablespoons butter thickened. Mix a third of the sauce

2 tablespoons flour with the spaghetti. Arrange the egg

508 N.Washington St. Dash of salt and pepper slices, overlapping, over the spaghetti, CCOWCll, sauce. remaining the with cover copanv > MC Alex., and mustard teaspoon Va. 22314 y2

cheese. Bake with the Parmesan milk Top 2 cups Phone:703549-1675 REALTORS

F. 350 for minutes. at 15 about grated sharp cheese cup y2

74 Improvement Era BLACK & WHITE

LIYI9 8 exposure roll DEVELOPED & PRINTED IN JUMBO SIZE 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per Oev. and Printing $2.55 roll

1 2-Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro ||

Color Reprints 204each COLORColor Slides SLIDES per 135 mm 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll

1 35 mm Color Slides per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

GENEALOGY PHOTOS NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 84 each Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

MoneyBack Guarantee SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

number of you have complained that so many recipes in the new cookbooks call for alcoholic beverages. The

recipes are glamorous, and you long to use them in your menu planning. You

ask what can be substituted for the wines and liquors in these recipes, because you do not have alcoholic beverages of any kind in your homes. We have a few

suggestions.

Alcoholic beverages are mainly used in recipes for three reasons: first, to and grape juice, can substitute as

flavor foods; second, to tenderize meats; liquids for wine in fruitcakes, cookies,

and third, to moisten cakes and cookies. and desserts. Prices

Flavor can be taken care of by using If you wish to moisten a dark, rich, are LOW extracts. marinatingbottled The and fruitcake, in it securely a cloth wrap

difficulttenderizing problem. is a more juice. also in Idaho soaked in dark grape This

isIt that alcohol in the the acid to the delicious flavor of helps adds the all L.D.S. styles include 50 temple cake. Some

cider,to tenderize meats. Apple lemon juice is best to grape White moisten used in designs parchments. white and latest

juice, and vinegar can be used in the and flavor white fruitcake. Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other

marinade in the place of alcoholic beverWhite grape juice is good poured over accessories. One day rush order service.

ages. White grape juice can be successfruit cocktail. Apple cider can be subfully used as a substitute for wine. stituted for beer or wine in cheese fonAlways remember that if a recipe due. Consomme and bouillon can take

calls for a dry wine, a nonsweet subthe place of the liquor in some recipes. Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded

stitute must be used. Some people use To these add lemon juice to perk up the on first order. (50c if air mail desired.)

the juice drained from shrimp for this flavor and delete some of the salt in REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 purpose. Fruit juices, such as orange the recipe. Name -

Address -

City. Zone, Stale.

April 1968 75 Nuclear Standards Expert President Ralph G. Chalker,

president of the Inglewood (California) Stake, has been reappointed to the executive committee of the Nuclear Standards Board of the United States of America Standards Institute.

The organization serves as the coordinating

institution for voluntary David Patten Picture Endocrinologist Honored nuclear standardization in

A picture of Elder David Dr. Grant W. Liddle of the U.S. He is director and has been responsible

Wyman Patten, a member of Nashville Branch, East of the engineering systems for the engineering the Council of the Central States Mission, has management department design of many major

Twelve from 1835 to 1838, been appointed chairman of Atomics International projects, including the has been presented to of the department of Division, North American Hallam and Piqua nuclear the Church by his medicine at Vanderbilt Rockwell Corporation, power facilities.

descendants. Previously University in Nashville,

there had been no known Tennessee, one of the forepicture or drawing of most medical schools

Elder Patten. He was in the United States.

killed at the Battle Brother Liddle is an interCovered the Olympics of Crooked River in Missouri nationally known Jean Saubert of the in 1838. endocrinologist. University (Salt Lake

City) Sixth Ward served as special commentator for the American Broadcasting

:: -.....

National Council Member Dr. Harold I. Hansen of

the Brigham Young University drama and speech department has been reelected a member of the national council of United Company's televised

Service Organizations. presentations for the 1968

The council's role is to select Winter Olympics at entertainment for Grenoble, France. Sister

Woman of the Year presentation to American Saubert, a schoolteacher,

Sister Ida J. Romney, wife of Elder Marion G. Romney military servicemen. Dr. is a former Olympic

of the Council of the Twelve, has been named Ricks College Hansen, director of the skier who won the bronze "Woman of the Year."Sister Romney received the Church's Hill Cumorah medal in the slalom

tribute for her service as a wife, mother, and Pageant, is also chairman of and the silver medal in the teacher in the Church. Ricks College is a twoyear the overseas touring giant slalom in the

junior college of the Church at Rexburg, Idaho. committee of the American 1964 Olympics held

Elder Romney's father, George S. Romney, was president Educational Theater at Innsbruck,

of Ricks from 1917 to 1930. Association. Austria.

76 Improvement Era Provo Temple Drawing The First Presidency has approved the architect's half a mile from Brigham Young University campus. The

drawing for the Provo (Utah) Temple, one of two new plot plan calls for a visitors center west of the temples recently announced by the Church temple, with beautifully landscaped gardens, fountains, (see March Era). The Provo Temple, prominently and reflecting pools between the visitors center

located on a hill overlooking Provo and Utah Lake, and the temple. Designed by Church Architect Emil B.

will be on the northeast bench of Provo, about Fetzer, the temple will cost about $2.5 million.

The LDS Scene

PresidentElect Montclair State College in

Dr. Wilmer W. Tanner, Montclair, New Jersey.

professor of zoology and A new fourstory classroom entomology at Brigham building will also be named

Young University, has in his honor. Brother

been elected presidentelect Partridge served as the of the Herpetologists'college's president for

League at the group's annual 15 years before leaving to convention in New York become president of the

City. He was also presented Near East Foundation.

with a distinguished He is the inaugurator of the service award for his eight visual education program years as editor of the with research on President Emeritus of the Boy Scouts of society's journal. He has animals for the U.S. Atomic Dr. E. DeAlton Partridge America and helped

published more than Energy Commission at of the Caldwell (New Jersey) launch the first network 60 scholarly papers, Nevada and Upper Ward has been named television course for much of the work dealing Colorado River Basin sites. president emeritus of college credit in America.

April 1968 77 By Royce Hansen Someone behind me stirred, and I turned to see Kurt muttering in his sleep as he shifted positions. Kurt was 18 also, and had

received his Eagle the same night as Robert. His

blond hair, dulled by the day's swim, hung over his forehead. For six years we had

played baseball, fished, camped, and hiked together. As I studied the 35 boys, I

remembered that at least 20 of them had been there that March night when we all nearly he bus had become froze while sleeping out in 20degree quiet now except for weather. I saw Pat with only a folded quilt and

the occasional shifting of tired bodies in the early no ground cover on frozen turf; Art waving

stages of sleep. The aisle was littered with his cap on a 500foot cliff; and Joe's burned

crumpled candy wrappers and empty popcorn pancakes with ashes for garnish.

bags. Thirtyfive boys and leaders Kurt stirred again, and I looked at him for a full

had had a full day, beginning with a 4:00 a.m. minute. How like my own son he was—living

departure on a 200mile excursion to a full, rich, vibrant life. Why did I feel

Temple Square and Lagoon. Now the excitement so close to him? Then I remembered that night.

and fun had been replaced by peace and Kurt had saved his hardearned money, quiet: 35 boys and five leaders sound and I heard him say, "I hired a special photographer

asleep, proof enough of the success of the day. to take an extra special picture."He grabbed

I looked at my own son Robert asleep with my arm and said, "I want my picture taken one of his buddies. His face reflected with you and Robert."I said "cheese"h t0

a clean body and mind. Eighteen years ago in between two Eagles while Kurt whispered,

May he entered this life. Now he's nearly "I'd never have made it without you."

a man. All the activities of Church and As I studied the faces again, the bus hissed

school flashed through my mind. He became an to a stop, and 35 Aaronic Priesthood youth f

Eagle Scout while still 13, and soon earned began piling out. I had more than one son. / x:

his Duty to God award. I thanked God for

Royce Hansen, a building contractor,:''-

an outstanding son. is Scoutmaster of the Jackson (Wyoming) Ward.

% %>J

LDS FILMS

Illustrated by Dick Brown

EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES

Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 # New Area Addresses I w BYU CHICAGO AREA Wft Association Films, Inc.

561 Hillgrove Ave., La Grange, III. 60525

BYU EASTERN AREA Association Films, Inc.

? V "Where the World 600 Grand Ave., Ridgefield, N. J. 07657

Registers"BYU BAY AREA Association Films, Inc.

Your next trip to Denver—the 25358 Cypress Ave., Hayward, Calif. 94544

climate capital of America—

will be most memorable when DESERETFilm DepartmentBOOK COMPANY you stay at the Brown Palace. 44 East South Temple

600 air conditioned rooms Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1 1 suites and executive rooms c/oBYUSmithLos &AngelesHoist FilmFilm CentreLibrary BYU c/oSouthwesternArizona CarFilmStereoCenter five famous restaurants Los2221Angeles,SouthCaliforniaOlive Street90007 660 Mesa,NorthArizonaCountry85201Club Drive complete convention accommodations 160BYUNorthRicksHolmesFilm CenterStreet BYU506Canadian19th StreetFilmSouthCentre

Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401 Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE

Herald EDUCATIONALR. Clark BuildingMEDIA SERVICES

KARLW. MEHLMANN, General Manager Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 8460

Represented by: Please send your FREE brochure listing all LDS Church produced Films,

MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER NAME.

New York City GLENN W. FAWCETT

Los Angeles

SOMETHING YOU SHOULDNINlfSS!

FOOD STORAGE ''WvfH J I BOOKLET WHAT SHOULD WE STORE?

ST STORING TO PREVENT SPOILAGE

U.S. SEND FUNDS ROTATION PLAN, ETC. Available. Rates Group

W. D. BATCHELOR & ASSOCIATES

61 BEACON AVENUE UAYTON, UTAH 84041

years. But I cannot recall reading an

Buffs Australia.article on theIs historythere anyof thepossibilityChurch ofin

interested of to the history of know country. and suchbethe an article being printed? I would Church in own my

Colin Home Rebuffs Victoria, Australia

The Eras of January 1938 and January

Australian History 1952 both featured fine articles on the history of the Church in Australia An

I have been a member of the Church updated recent review of the Church's for nearly seven years, and have been an history in Australia in modern times is avid reader of the Era during those underway for a future issue.

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

Life without law

Among things for which we should be most grateful are command-

Z X ments, standards, discipline, and law. Without these there would

/ % be little that we could count on. Suppose there were no standards.

Suppose that teachers, professors, academic institutions gave us no idea what was required of us to graduate or attain a degree, to qualify to practice a profession. How would we ever know what to begin to do,

what to begin to be, or when we had fulfilled requirements? Suppose

that parents gave us no idea what is expected of us, but simply turned us loose to do anything, to act in any way, honest, moral, or otherwise.

Suppose that God had given us no knowledge of what is expected of us no purpose, no standards, no requirements, no commandments. What a

loose and helpless life it would be not to know. One of the greatest

blessings of life is law. Without it ownership of property would not

be possible. Safety would not be possible. Civilization would not be

possible. Life would scarcely be possible. Poorly as it sometimes is

observed, badly as it may sometimes be abused and broken, it is law basically that holds us together, that assures pay for work, title to property, protection of person. Even the lives of the lawless would be

intolerable, insupportable, without law. And so before being rebellious

NEW PLEATED ventions,or abandoningridiculingcommandments;responsible conduct;before flauntingbefore disrespectingmorals, destroyingthose whoconYOKE SHEATH enforce the law; before opposing parents, teachers, those who have

$20.00 concern and interest in us, stop and think what life would be like

without law, how little we would have without law, how little incentive

Our exclusive, elegant, mattefinish there would be to produce or to learn without law. Thank God for

tricot design—accented with sheer, knowledge of what is expected of us, for parents who care enough to

permanent pleats at yoke and sleeves. counsel, to discipline, to persuade; for teachers who care enough to

Exquisite with pleated accessories. establish and maintain standards; for a God and Father who cared

White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry. enough to give us purpose, counsel, commandments. Without law, com-

L. #SSD-D. P, S, M, mandments, standards, discipline, we would be utterly loose and utterly

Slip. 30 to 38. #6245. S8.00 Matching

lost.

or M.O. i>'Mail Check presented Square, over KSL and the Columbia from Temple Word"* "The Spoken

U.S.A. Postpaid Copyright 1968. 28, 1968. January System Broadcasting 4873621in Phone:

I*Lake City, Utah 841152511 S.W. Temple Salt

80 Improvement Era

Church Contributions Choose from our complete

The February Era carried an article,

All the Doestitled "Where Money Go?"selection of L.D.S. books

concern. causedwhich some The me

items for 11author lists a suggested of pay. takehome But, in and Genealogy suppliesbreakdown

which of the 11 categories would a family include the moneys it should conChoose from these and many other fortribute building welfare, budget, fast new and favorite L.D.S. books.assessments, missionary fund, and

offerings? In our household we conGenealogy supplies also available.

tribute 4.5 percent of our takehome pay Come in, or use our convenient

liketo these funds. This seems a sigshopping service. articlenificant the percentage, and

should possibly have a category titled Ten Most Wanted Men by Paul Dunn, 3.95

"other Church contributions."Since Fourth Thousand Years by

to encouragedChurch members are conLife Everlasting by W. Cleon Skousen, 6.95

funds,tribute regularly to these other this addition would more truly reflect Duane S. Crowther, 4.50 FOURTH FLOOR BOOKS

our present pattern in the Church.

in Also, there misunderstanding was a

Mail orders filled, ofour because the category on ward tithing. One member stated that he had write to Box 1 465.

to tithe only on his takehome pay, and felt the other 2 percent he presumewe contributions. Quite posState and Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 for otherwas

sibly a clearer presentation would have been $5,000 - $7,000

Takehome pay Gross Income 1. Tithing 12% 10%2. Other Church After Graduation, What?

contributions 4% 3% Train for Exciting Space Age Careers in:

Elvin L. Mullen California Fashion Airline Sacramento,

Merchandising Preparatory LDS Servicemen Fashion Buyer Stewardess

Congratulations on the long overdue word Sales Promotion Receptionist in the January Era for our servicemen. Interior Decorator Preservationist

excellent. a son had HavingIt was I Fashion Stylist Communications Expert service, military in the sonin-lawand

said Professional thingspersonally that many know ii i Executive of are true. chaplains Oneby the LDS Modeling to a visit experiences heartening wasmy Photographic Secretarial U.S., and Fashion here in thea "service ward"

to see what can actually be done with Model Executive Secretary leadership. have rightthe Too long Secretary Medical our Television Model

in the same been mentionedservicemen Secretary Model Dental Motion Picture delinquent the mother, as thevein unwed dropout. Instead, your article was "our

religion in action"—"brotherhood in ac451 East 3rd South

tion."You have done immense good for l&Uefc Salt Lake City, Utah

this group.

Clark Theurer SEND ME YOUR FREE BROCHURE. Phone 5213345

Nampa, Idaho NAME AGE ADDRESS PHONE.

Picture of the Prophet?

CITY STATE ZIP..

You may be interested in this picture. The

copy underneath it says:

"The picture herewithpresented is one of PROTECT many of the Prophet It Smith.Joseph

one fromreproduced is your copies of published in Harpers Pictorial many years agoand now makes its first THE IMPROVEMENT ERA appearance; and although it is only a

true lines are cut there in it somewood the with an Prophet at about of theand features age of twentysix. At this early period

the science of photography was not at thezenith of perfection and pictures of ERA BINDER prominent men not so plentiful...."

Stevenson Edward $2.50

City, Utah Salt Lake The Improvement Era 79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 April 1968 81 henceforth prayers imploring the prayer as he builds his life, for it is assistance of Heaven, and its blesstrue that "except the Lord build the ings on our deliberations, be held house, they labour in vain that in this assembly every morning build it...."(Ps. 127:1.)

before we proceed to business...."Prayer can be a vital force in our

Other Americans have echoed lives, but we must learn how to similar testimonies of prayer. Eddie make our prayers effective. As

Rickcnbacker has said, "Prayer children, our prayers may have has been the greatest source of been mere repetition of phrases power in my life."Cecil B. DeMille that we had learned. As we mature,

made this statement regarding it is well to view prayer with prayer: "I could not live a day greater depth and with greater

without it. It is the greatest power significance.

in the world."To begin with, it should be

Job, the scriptures tell us, faced understood that prayer involves many of life's most severe tests. talking to God. This occasion

He lost his wealth, his family, his should be approached seriously health, and his friends. Yet, he and with meaningful intent. For

retained his unfaltering faith in our prayers to be effectual, it is imGod. From Job's words have come portant that we approach our

many great spiritual insights. The Father in heaven with complete

comments of Job regarding some faith and humility. We must

rayer has always of his contemporaries are descripacknowledge before our Father (been a vital, tive of many in our society today. our trust and our limitations in

personal force in my life."These His words were these: "They spend order for him to be able to suppleare the words of one of America's their days in wealth, and in a moment our efforts.

great military heroes, James Dooment go down to the grave. ThereAs we approach our Father in

little. His life is a life of courage, fore, they say unto God, Depart heaven with humility and faith, we

a life guided by prayer. from us; for we desire not the must be aware of what type of

It is a sign of real maturity when knowledge of thy ways. What is assistance we may ask from him.

a young man or a young woman the Almighty, that we should serve Amulek, in the Book of Mormon, seeks the Lord's assistance in his him? and what profit should we indicates that we should pray for

dayto-day challenges. Many great have, if we pray unto him?"(Job help in every area of our lives.

men have learned, as did Jimmy 21:1315.) This is his counsel: "Yea, cry unto

Doolittle, that their efforts are in With our great wealth, our him for mercy; for he is mighty

vain unless they are assisted and medical advances, and our plentito save.

directed by the Lord. Benjamin ful comforts, some may find them- "Yea, humble yourselves, and

Franklin, in urging the members selves ignoring the continual need continue in prayer unto him.

of the constitutional convention to they have to pray to our Father in "Cry unto him when ye are in include prayer as part of its proheaven. Many today seem to be your fields, yea, over all your

ceedings, said this: "I have lived, echoing the statement of Job's flocks.

sir, a long time, and the longer I contemporaries, "... what profit "Cry unto him in your houses,

live, the more convincing proofs I should we have if we pray unto yea, over all your household, both see of this truth—that God governs him?"morning, midday, and evening.

in the affairs of men.... I thereThere is a great need for every "Yea, cry unto him against the

of your enemies.fore beg leave to move—that person to realize the importance of power

82 Improvement Era "Yea, cry unto him against the This is a very important thing of God through prayer. And as

devil, who is an enemy to all for us to realize if our prayers are President McKay has so beautirighteousness. to be meaningful. When we need fully expressed:

"Cry unto him over the crops of the Lord's help with a decision, he "I hope that some day you will your fields, that ye may prosper in expects us to arrive at a tentative have a longing, a longing that them. decision based on our own underseems to wring your soul (in ex-

"Cry over the flocks of your standing and then approach him pressing that hope I have your fields, that they may increase. in prayer to have our decision coninterest at heart) that you will

"But this is not all; ye must pour firmed or disapproved. meet a wall that seems insurmountout your souls in your closets, and Now the question arises, "How able, impregnable; but if duty lies

your secret places, and in your can we know if the Lord confirms beyond that wall, do not stand back wilderness. or disapproves our decision?"The and say, 1 cannot do it.'You may

"Yea, and when you do not cry Lord provided this additional direcaspire to do it, but that is not unto the Lord, let your hearts be tion as he gave Oliver the counsel sufficient. Do what James, the aufull, drawn out in prayer unto him to which we have previously rethor of the scripture theme says:

continually for your welfare, and ferred: "... if it is right, I will Ask God for power, but add to that

also for the welfare of those who cause that your bosom shall burn faith, an acknowledgment of your are around you."(Al. 34:1827.) within you; therefore, you shall own ability to do what you are able

Thus, through prayer we can feel that it is right. But if it be not to do.

receive the help of the Lord in all right, you shall have no such feel- "You can walk from where you of our righteous endeavors. But as ings, but you shall have a stupor stand, up to the wall. When you

young men and young women, it is of thought that shall cause you get there, and you have gone as important that we fully understand to forget the thing which is far as you can, you will find in ( 1 ) what part we must fulfill bewrong "(D&C 9:8-9.) answer to your prayer that there is

fore the Lord can answer our In order for our prayers to be a hidden ladder by which you can prayers, and ( 2 ) how the Lord will answered, we need to ask for the scale it, or there is a door which answer our prayers. Lord's assistance when we have you could not see from where you

In the scriptures, the Lord has completed the part the Lord exwere first standing. God's hand is

made it very clear that effectual pects of us. Then we must learn to shown. In that hour you become

prayer involves a great amount of be sensitive to the promptings of responsive to the Infinite, and you effort on our part. This idea was the Spirit in order to discern the realize what it means to be entitled

clearly explained by the Lord to answer the Lord gives. to the guidance of the Holy Ghost;

Oliver Cowdery. Oliver had asked We need to realize that the anand he will guide you in these

for the gift of translation, but he swer to our prayers may not be things.

had not completed his part in order according to our will. But if we "Wisdom comes through effort.

that the Lord could grant his are humble and trust in the All good things require effort. That

desire. The Lord gave Oliver this Lord and follow the promptings which is worth having will cost

counsel concerning prayer: "Beof the Spirit, the answer we receive part of your physical being, your

hold, you have not understood; you will be for our growth and intellectual power and your soul

have supposed that I would give it development. power. 'Ask, and it shall be given

unto you, when you took no We should understand that we you; seek, and ye shall find; knock,

thought save it was to ask me. But, cannot pray away the tests of and it shall be opened unto

behold, I say unto you, that you mortality, but we can pray for the you.'But you have to ask,

must study it out in your mind; character to meet them and the you have to knock, you have to

then you must ask me if it be power to triumph over them. seek."(Treasures of Life, pp. 303right "(D&C 9:7-8.) May we learn to tap the power 04.) O

April 1968 83 January 1968 The appointments of Hugh D.

The Church Rush and Colleen M. Makin to

the general boards of the Young Men's

Moves On and Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associations were announced.

With BYU Study Polynesian * cultures and Richard L. Evans

gain valuable credit The Spoken Word during summer vacation. any who love you Total cost, including full tuition, room and board, e are most of us very lonely in this world; you who have any

Church College facilities who love you, cling to them and thank God."1 These words Wffrom an unknown source suggest something of the searching of and round trip flight

to others, from the West Coast soul that comes when we ask ourselves how much we mean how much they mean to us, how much our presence or absence means to Only $476 anyone, how much difference it would make if we were in or out of the world, how much we would be missed. Whatever the findings

of this line of thought, it leads us to look at loved ones, at those we belong to, those who belong to us, and leads us to know the deep

CLIP JUST THE COUPON BELOW MAIL FOR importance of family love and loyalty. How blessed to be able to turn AND

COMPLETE INFORMATION homeward when we are tired or ill or discouraged, or just plain weary of the ways of the world—of small talk, impersonal people, and the

DEPARTMENT OF TRAVEL STUDY endless round of routine. How blessed to belong, and how much we Brigham Young University

Provo, Utah 84601 owe those who are there, just for the blessing of belonging, just for a

Please send me complete details of the Hawaiian Tour. place in the family circle. We may become bored or irritable at times

Name with home and family and familiar surroundings. All this may seem

Address. unglamorous, with a sense of sameness, and other places may sometimes

seem more exciting. But when we have sampled much and wandered

City.State..Zip.

far and seen how fleeting and sometimes superficial some other things are, our gratitude grows for the privilege of being part of something we can count on—home and family and the loyalty of loved ones. Friends

enrich life, and the days would be poor and emptier without them.

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS Professional people are appreciated and add much of service and assurAids in treatment of simple sore ance, but more and more we come to know how much it means to be throat and other minor mouth and bound together by duty, by respect, by belonging, and nothing can throat irritations. fully take the place of the basic relationship of family life. "A man

HALL'S REMEDY travels"and returnsthe worldhomeoverto findin searchit."of what he needs,"said George Moore, 2 "We are most of us very lonely in this

Salt Lake City, Utah world; you who have any who love you, cling to them and thank God."

We'll Pay You up to $30 2GeorgeAuthor Moore,unknown.The Brook Kerish, Chapter 11.

for anecdotes or short stories, humorto relating children or serious, ous on * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia church. based Payment and the

acceptance for publication. Include Broadcasting System January 21, 1968. Copyright 1968.

return postage.

Children—Trilogy Arts—Box 843

Provo, Utah 84601

84 Improvement Era LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS February 1968 15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS

This is the month that Latterday 20% savings on selected titles

Saints and their friends feel Catalog and details on how to obtain your LDS books and records at a savings percent of 15 and 20 sent upon request; they will be included with generously old as they make their anFREE order. your selections you when

nual contributions, based on a sugMormonism and the Negro LDS Game Book Doctrinal New Testament gested two cents for each year of their by John J. Stewart by Alma Heaton Commentary

(reg. (reg. $1.25) $3.95) by Bruce $1.00 R. McConkie $3.15 in age, support of the Primary Chil-

(reg. $7.50) Doctrine Mormon $6.00 to The Happiness Way dren's Hospital. by Bruce R. McConkie

by Doctrinal S. Howells Rulon Commentary on

(reg. $6.95)

Pearl $5.56 the of (reg. Price Great $1.50) $1.20

Layton East Stake, the 449th Before I Was Born INTRODUCTORY by Hyrum L. Andrus

now functioning, was organized by George Bickerstaff OFFER (reg. $4.95) $4.21

Savings Cash 25% (reg. $2.25) $1.91 Ten portions Most Wantedfrom of Men Layton (Utah) Stake to Answers Gospel

H. Paul by Dunn Our Moral Challenge by Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Questions

(reg. $3.95) $3.15 E. by Mark Petersen by Fielding Joseph Smith Council of the Twelve by William and (reg. $2.95) $2.36 Vols. 1, 5. 2, 3, 4, Glory of The the Sun

J. Jr., Critchlow, Assistant to the Coun-

(reg. Sill $2.95) each Sterling by W. $2.21 the Meet Mormons

cil of the Twelve. Sustained presias (reg. $3.75) set $14.75) D.L. by $11.05 R.L. $3.00 Green (reg. &

Discourses (reg. $2.95)dent of Layton East Stake Robert was $2.51 of The Miracle of Personality Brigham Young

by Sterling F. Bitner. W. Sill His counselors E. are David Family Night Sing Along by John A. Widtsoe

Adams and Wayne M. Winegar. Susrecord-23 songs 33% L.P. (reg. $3.95) $2.96 (reg. $3.75) $3.00

tained as counselors to President I. (reg.(reg. $4.95)$3.95) stereomono $3.96$3.16 Key to Theologyby Parley P. Pratt Quest for Excellenceby Sterling W. Sill

Haven Barlow of Layton Stake were (reg. $2.25) $1.69 (reg. $3.75) $3.19

G. Ralph Dibble and R. Jay Harris.

POSTAGE Residents of Arizona add 3 perSan Jose South Stake, the 450th orderUnitedorStatesportionsendthereof.10c (Ex.per $1.90$3.00 LDScent MAILBOXsales tax. BOOKSTORE

now functioning, was organized order 10c; $3.25 order 20c) P. O. Box 2454; 346 S. Hobson St.

from parts of San Jose (California) All Foreign Countries send 15c per Mesa, Arizona 85201, Tel: 9647061

Stake by Elder Howard W. Hunter of $3.00 order or portion thereof. Offer good anywhere in world

the Council of the Twelve and Patriarch Eldred G. Smith. DeBoyd L.

Smith was sustained as stake presiProven Successful Reassuring!

dent with Kenneth Foulger and Reed

A. Hill as counselors. FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN

PermaPak 1-year plan is easy, economical! New stake presidency: President William Campbell and counselors, lain B. Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole

McKay and Henry T. Randell, Wellington year's balanced food supply. Choose from

(New Zealand) Stake. PermaPak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"

dry and dehydrated foods... such as wheat, flour,

vegetables, onions, gelatin potatoes, Major Bernard F. Fisher, a Medal fruits,

desserts substitutes W-Uffi... and exciting new meat of Honor winner, now stationed and freezedried foods... for tasty, nutritious, At

at Hahn Air Force Base, Germany, was lowcost meals.

the featured speaker at the 49th annual SEND COUPON FOR FULL DETAILS 'Store Food Today for a Rainy Day'scouter convention sponsored by the SurFamily PermaPak's: Also—discover East South 40 2430 PERMAPAK, SaltGreat Council, Lake Emergency Kits of vival and Camping Boy Scouts Food

City, Salt Lake Utah 84115 Grinders, Electric Grain Kits and HandAmerica. Silver Twentyfive FREE, Please the following: send me, Beaver

awards were presented during the Bread Mixers, etc. Food Storage Plan CATALOG

meeting in the Tabernacle. It was reSurvivalINFORMATIONKit and Campingported that 745 Eagle Scout awards PERMAPAK40 E. 2430 So., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 [7J Group Discounts/FundRaising PLAN

were presented by the council in 1967. Phone (801) 4869671 My Name

of California contact: Residents Southern

Kernel, Katella The Wheat Avenue, Address.City State Zip, Calif. 6351352 Phone 90680 7554—I1L.2-68. All missionaries and members Stanton,

were reported to be safe followWater Holomalic We'll Gas to Pay You up $30ing a severe to a hurricane, according #3 for or stories, short anecdotes humorHeaterall hot needed Will water supply Niue, to sentcablegram from Tonga, Baptistries. for theChurch relating or serious, to ous children

20"Heats Rest 450 Rooms. GPH,Kitchens,

in City. Salt AuthoritiesGeneral Lake church. the and Payment based in on free for rise Write temperature.

acceptance for publication. Include foldersBaptistrieson waterand spires.heaters,AlsoFiberglass

return postage. Electric Water Heaters,

CO. LITTLE MFG. GIANT

7th Street, Orange, Texas Children—Trilogy Arts—Box 843 907

Provo, Utah 84601 April 1968 85

Crop damage was reported as severe, with slight to moderate damage to

buildings.NONDRINKING It was announced that a worldwide

genealogical convention and seminar will be held in Salt Lake City August 5-8, 1969. Bob R. Zabriskie has been

named planning coordinator.DRIVERS

ARE YOU GETTING ALL Missionaries and Samoan members were reported safe after a

THE INSURANCE PROTECTION hurricane struck the Samoan Islands and destroyed most of the crops.

YOU ARE PAYING FOR?

The Preferred Risk "PLUS"auto The appointment of J. Vernon

Sharp to the Deseret Sunday policy offers all the protection of School Union general board was anmost standard policies—PLUS nounced.

ADDITIONAL BROADER COVERAGES—AT LOWER PRICES Correction: An error was made in

this column for December 3 (February than standard rates. Era) in the listing of the Washington

(D.C.) Stake presidency reorganization.

FOR TOTAL First Counselor Robert W. Barker was

ABSTAINERS ONLY released to serve as a Regional Repre- ( one beer a year sentative of the Twelve. Sustained as

is too many counselors to President Milan D. Smith

were June B. Thayne and Wendell G.

MORE PROTECTION Eames.

than offered in standard auto policies.

Paradoxical Ask for your By Iris W. Schow

personal rate. How often I have deemed a day

No obligation. Andauspiciousthought to blazon it in blue

Look for your Preferred Risk Mutual agent and gold under "Insurance"in the YELLOW PAGES For my remembering; yet the

capricious OR USE THIS COUPON Demands of time and place have

NO OBLIGATION left it cold And drab of hue, too colorless to

INSURANCE CO. hold

2150 So. 2nd. West Salt Lake City, Utah Oept. IEfJ-68 For the adornment of the mind's

Please send me, without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers, long halls.

I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 Q(Checkor 5one)Q years. But I have had days humbly

Name Address k I have had my undertaken driver's license City State years. As little sketches done in black

and white I have Occupation No. of Cars in Family. taken a Unfold in living oils of unmisdriver training

Make of Car Model Year No. of cyls course. Yes No taken

Artistic lines. Their lasting

Car Is Used for: Circle Owner Auto colors, bright

of This Insurance Business Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyExpires: Q or sea, remain in flame As

Pleasure D BIRTH DATE Month memory's light

To and from work SEX Day... Emblazoned on the mind's eter-

....miles one way MARRIED Year.. nal walls.

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company

Not available in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia.

Sales manager wanted for Southern California. Call or write

Mr. W. Reid, 9617 Lakewood Blvd. Downey Calif. T0 1-2791

86 Improvement Era Civil Disobedience and the Destruction of Freedom

the public business and the lives The right of dissent is an imand safety of the vast majority, if portant right. Martin Luther, John

not illegal under present law, Adams, Roger Williams record and should be carefully legislated mark its importance. The right By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President. Arizona State University against. Such acts are as destrucof dissent is central to freedom of

tive in the short run, in a given conscience, thought, expression, moment, as bombing these same religion, and learning. But when

buildings, bridges, or thoroughthe right of dissent leaves the fares would be in the long run. realm of thought and expression

Civil order is the first basic and becomes action and the forced achievement of the state. The movement of bodies, as distinslow and painful struggle to reguished from the movement of

tain order under responsible autongue and brain in thought, physithority and to achieve civil rights cal expression becomes as limited and liberties under that authority as the right to move one's body, has been the glory of the modern or his fist, at any time. Freedom

democratic state. of expression does not include the

abuse of freedom The democratic state maximizes right to express a bullet from a leads to the individual freedom. For millions rifle at another, or to use a fist,

destruction of freedom. of free agents to occupy space or to block access. The "right"

Civil disobedience against inand live in the same state imposes to impose one's body stops at the tolerable tyranny and against the unusual responsibilities on every tip of the other fellow's toes, nose, denial of elemental freedom may individual. Primary among these or any other part of his body.

be justified, as set forth in the responsibilities is respect for the When bodies are used to obDeclaration of Independence. But law. struct access to or from one's own

when civil disobedience is resorted When illegally resorted to, civil vehicle, home, assigned place of to in the face and presence of undisobedience provokes force and duty in the world of commerce, used and easily available remedies reaction. When, thereby, cheap government, or other lawful enfor injustice, civil disobedience and stupid purposes are promoted, terprise, or to public property,

undermines both law and freedom. far more than when noble and campus, thoroughfare, or ordinary

When disobedience is resorted to critical issues are at stake, relawful business, the act of obmerely as means of attracting action can be more pronounced struction is as despicable as any notoriety, publicity, or attention, and the nature of the state enBerlin Wall, barbed wire, or Vopo when the instruments of mass dangered. bullet.

communications augment and agWhat do good, freedomloving The effects are the same—degrandize the acts of disorder, the men do? How is the law to be privation of freedoms. And the

results are despicable. The fabmaintained if the respected freelaw of freedom must be given full

ric of freedom is further strained. dom for all to use the streets, the expression, by due process of law,

Acts by a few, such as mass sitschools, the parks, walks, bridges, to protect freedom of expression.

downs in public buildings and and public buildings is being A free society cannot have one thoroughfares that interfere with denied? without the other. O

April 1968 87 End of an Era

While investigating the By working faithfully eight As I was traveling by

Church, my family attended hours a day, you may eventually train during a mission

Sunday School with the get to be a boss and work transfer, a young lady missionaries. Later we twelve hours a day. sitting in the seat in front

asked my little sister—Robert Frost, American poet of me suddenly turned

how she liked her around and said,

Junior Sunday School class. "Excuse me, but you're an

"Well,"she said, "my The man most likely to use American, aren't you?"

class was just full of mean truth is the one who seeks to "No,"I replied; "I'm

little boys who teased understand it and to an Australian."At this she

me."Then she brightened appreciate its value in his own looked apologetic and

and added, "But any life.—Elder Paul H. Dunn turned back in her seat.

church that can turn such After thinking about bratty little boys into her question for a such nice elders just A woman entered the minute, I tapped her has to be true!"butcher shop and asked the shoulder and asked,

—Carolyn Brink, Denver, butcher to cut off a piece "Pardon me, but what made

Colorado of beef weighing 15 pounds. you suppose that I was

"Here you are, madam,"American?"Her answer was

My interest is in the future he said; "shall I wrap it up for stunning. "Because

because I am going to spend the you?""No,"she replied. you look so much like a

rest of my life there. "I just wanted to see what Mormon!"—Elder Owen B.

—Charles Franklin Kettering, 15 pounds looked like. That's Mutjelburg, New Zealand

American inventor how much I lost on my diet."South Mission

He lives, all glory to his name!He lives, my Savior still Manless Menus A

the same; By Donna Evleth

O sweet the joy this sentence gives: / have served up hot dogs twice,

"/ know that my Redeemer And bland concoctions made with rice, lives!"—Hymns 95 HamburgersAnd endless gelatinuntil it desserts.hurts,

"I agree,"said the psychiatrist, Spaghetti's reared its starchy head, "that he may have a spark And so has peanutbuttered bread.

of genius. But in my I've choked a lot of waffles down.

opinion, he also has ignition You guessed it: Father's out of town.

trouble."

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

88 Improvement Era FLOOR TILE A truly permanent floor of unparalleled beauty and at reasonable cost. 5

patterns to choose A Blend of from.

Magnificence

CLAY SHINGLES

New Spanish Clay Shingles are lighter Burned in weight, more adaptable to chapel architecture and are permanent. Flat and Clay curved.

Products

BAND SEAL

Clay... burned into brick, into floor SEWER PIPE

Corrosion proof sewtile, into clay shingles... coupled er pipe of burned

with the inspiration of men of vision clayjoints.with Band Seal

... creates a place of worship that

will endure for the ages. Permanence, FACE BRICK

beauty and troublefree performance New colors and textures enhance... yours with Burned Clay Products the beauty of exfrom Interstate Brick! teriorwalls. and interior

INTERSTATE COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

the future is precious!

guard it with Beneficial Life!

The future involves the fulfillment of your hopes and dreams that's what makes it so precious... that's why your

family needs the security of Beneficial Life Insurance.

With Beneficial Life wise and loving parents can provide for college and missions, and make of the future a friendly thing. The parents themselves face an economically secure retirement with time to travel and time

to enjoy children and grandchildren.

Preserve the precious future for your family...

see your knowledgeable Beneficial Life Agency about the insurance program to suit your needs.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah