-.:-/i>"'i'

""** KiMMMlliifiiMiffl I,

'Stlm-

"l*****"

V/here toko--- to seeif what This ijew revised travel book will help you plan moFe enjoyable tr is summer

Interesting facts about unusual places within easy reach... in the new 42page "Travel Hints"

for 1935. Get your free copy at any Pep 88—

VicO'station and plan pleasant trips every week this, summer.

Your car will give you more pleasure, with greater economy, when you make it a habit todrive in at Pep 88—Vico stations for service. Gasoline, motor oil, greasing, tire and battery service

... all of the best.

400 Service Stations and Dealers in Utah and Idaho

Distributors of Atlas Tires and Batteries

UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

MAKE F.LEC. NTS

A DEi iiITE P/ i wuR >i J PLANS HOMEIMPROV They add so much to the joy of living, little to the cost of living,!

ELECTRICITY IS THE BIGGEST BARGAIN IN THE HOME

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

'iiK,';)'''EDITORIALS

Dr. Franklin L. West H. R. M. 366

Photo by Dr. L. D. Pfotits. June Conference and Educational Meets H. R. M. 366

COLUMBINES President Grant Addresses the Nations 367

New Officials of The Improvement Em H. R. M. 367

J. Heber Grant ARTICLES Widtsoe John A.

Editors The Sea Rover (Frontispiece) Mae Huntington 338

Harrison R. Merrill, Honoring Karl G. Maeser President Heber J. Grant 339

Brandley, Elsie Talmage Alonzo Hinckley JB. S. Hinckley 347 Editors Greatness in Men—Arza Associate

Among the South Sea Islands Today Marc T. Greene 351

Organ of the Priesthood QuoDr. Vern O. Knudsen Alexander Schreiner 353 rums, Mutual Improvement

Associations and Department Brigham Young and the Youth Movement Leah D. Widtsoe 354

of Education Shall Civilization Progress?—. George Emery Fellows 357

Published monthly by the The Challenge of Charm—Coeds and Brides Katie C. Jensen 359

GENERAL BOARDS OF THE Era Contest Results 364

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT Patriarchs and Patriarchal History 386

ASSOCIATIONS Morris, George General Mgr. Q.

Clarissa Beesley, A. Associate Mgr. FICTION

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. Hearts and Timpanogos Harrison R. Merrill 344

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL The Romance of Two Cities (A Serial) Dorothy Clapp Robinson 362 OIFFICES 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake

City, Utah POETRY Copyright, Mutual Improvement1932, by the YoungAsso'ciationMen's Song of the Hiker H. R. M. 346

Corporation of Jesus of the Church

Saints. All Who Walks With Dreams Edgar Daniel Kramer 368 Christ of Latterday rights reserved. Subscription price, Our Host—- Gertrude McCarthy 368

$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single The Dream Aflame Carlton Culmsee 368 Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Any Father to His Boy Herbert H. McKusick 3 68

secondclass Lake City, Utah, as Imitation Claire S. Boyer 368 matter. for Acceptance mailing at

special rate of postage provided fo The Piano Tuner Clarence Edwin Flynn 368 in section 1103, of Act October, Bounty Blanche Decker 368 authorized 1917, 2, 1918. July

Exit E. Sibyl Wood 368

Request Alberta H. Christensen 368

June Conference JuneFlowers on the Sill—Rena StotenburgChristieTravaisLund 368369

PHE annual conference convenNight in the Country Eva Willes Wangsgard 3 69 tions of the Young Men's and CrossSection Allen Stephenson 3 69

Young Women's Mutual ImproveNight Grace Harry Elmore Hurd 400 ment Associations will be held FriAspens. Mary Hale Woolsey 369

day, Saturday, and Sunday, June Yellow Roses Cora May Preble 3 69 6, 7, 8. The Desert Audrey Gubler 3 69

The Ruby Throat Elizabeth Witmer Locke 3 69

July Era to Report In Memoriam to Earl Ross Sylvia Worsley 369

Conference The Sea. Margaret Jane Cole 369

i- Lydia Hall 369 The July number of The ImAnthony W. Ivins

provement Era will have in it a DEPARTMENTS conferenceresume of the convention and in addition results of the Lights vnd Shadows on the Screen 3 70 contests among the Scouts, VanWard Teacher's Message 371. Melchizedek Priesthood 372guards, issues and Later Men. M Priesthood 373will illustrated articles contain dealAaronic

. Messages Mutual 375ing Silver the Jubilee with Scout is Intelligence"Our M. I. A. Motto—"The Glory of God

Jamboree in Washington, D. C, General Superintendent Albert E. Bowen 375

and the erection of the monument M. I. A. Notes from the Field 377

on the Hill Cumorah. Index to Advertisers 397

You can't afford to miss an issue. Your Page and Ours Inside Back Cover

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY >vit>s?0i?ii>svir7SYit)t)svi KirttTiKiiysvirtrsfltySvitTSvirrsvii WlfTSflff

"THE SEA ROVER"BY WILLIAM RITSCHEL

The picture was purchased by the Springvilte High School from its 1935 exhibition. It now belongs to the High School's permanent collection.

"THE SEA ROVER"

it of the sea powerful the tints most marine the wild seen have in loved gleaming and white breakers known is "A call be denied."the a clear that in exhibited of his paintings ever which not marONEpaintings call and make so many may

Springville High School Art Gallery is William Ritschel understands the sea and vels of subtle shades.

"The Sea Rover"painted by William delights in painting it in its various moods; William Ritschel was born in NuremRitscbet of Carmel Highlands, California. sometimes he pictures the waters lying berg, Bavaria, July 11, 1864. He has

It is compositions of such grandeur that quiet under the moon, horizontal bars of won numerous awards, and has paintings "link the name of Ritschel with those of moongold aiding a simple composition hung in all the large galleries of America.

Waugh and Dougherty when one thinks of of lasting grandeur; often he paints the He spends most of his time in his rock

American marine painting today."In waters in breaking waves tearing away house on the Carmel cliffs, overlooking the

"The Sea Rover"the artist makes us feel relentlessly at the seemingly impregnable Pacific. "He is erect, independent, gracethe elemental forces in his strong, straightrocks of the coast; again he portrays cliffs fully gray, with youthful figure and keen

forward lines. It is the work of one whose jewelled with color as the sun glints adventurous eye. Young in spirit and

art speaks truly, and even to one who has through low fog enshrouding the scene. body, if not in years, he has kept the fresh

never seen the ocean in its relentless majFrom his earliest paintings Ritschel has outlook he perhaps learned to prize in the esty, this picture brings a message of its exhibited extreme colorsensitiveness. Withyears of sailoring that preceded his achievestrength and invincibility. To those who out such sensitiveness he could not have ments with the brush."—Mae Huntington.

HONORING

Karl G. Maeser

READ again, the life of Karl G. By

Maeser by his son Reinhard, I and turned down very many HEBER J. GRANT

pages intending to read from them, President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints but have changed my mind. I

advise you all to buy the book and read it. It is worth many, many This intimate story of his relations with Dr.

It is a very times the price. inKarl G. Maeser beloved educator and teacher was spirational book and exceptional

and very interesting. told by President Grant at the Founders Day exerWe all have ideals in life, and cises last October when the program was given in

Dr. Karl G. Maeser was to me a

Latterday Saint in very deed. honor of the first -principal of Brigham Young

From the day of his conversion Academy now Brigham Young University. The

until of his death the day he was incidents related here reveal not Karl G. Maeser in ina Latterday thought, Saint

action, and in deed. alone ) but President Grant as well. Faith y humilityy

My first knowledge of Karl G. dependability y purposCy are all to be found in both

Maeser came from a most remarkable and enthusiastic report of his characters.

labors when he returned to his native land as a missionary. It so Classes at the branch near Oregon

happened that my father adopted a Lumber Company's mill, not far young boy, a Scotch boy, whose from Baker City. I was sitting on

parents had died, I believe, when the front bench with Charles they were on the way to Utah. His W. Nibley, who was there engaged

name was Lewis Grant. He was in the lumber business with

called to Germany on a mission Eccles. and David more both We that while it so happened he was recitation that during than once,

there he was associated with Karl had to wipe our eyes under

G. Maeser. He brought home picthe inspiration of Brother Maeser

tures of Brother Maeser, a number on account of the spirit of the Lord of them, and of other missionaries, that he possessed, while teaching and as a child I heard him tell of these little children, the inspirational labors of Brother

Maeser as a missionary in his native T WAS stopping at the time at land. I as a child and as a young Brother Nibley's home, being his

man had formed a very high guest. I was engaged in mining

opinion of him. business in Oregon at this time, and

My first intimate association OR. KARL G. MAESER got something over thirty thousand

with Brother Maeser, however, was dollars of experience. As we were

while I was a member of the Sunwas to Baker City, Oregon, in the returning from the meeting.

day School Board. I had known north, and the longest journey to Brother Nibley said:

of him and had heard wonderful the south was to Arizona, New "Brother Grant, I could sit in stories from his students and others Mexico, and Old Mexico. the dust at the feet of that man.

regarding the inspiration of the The first journey I remember When I listened to him today I man and of his great power to make particularly. All of them were inthought of what little value are the

an impression for good upon the teresting. I never heard Brother things of this world in comparihearts of all who came within the Maeser speak that he did not feed son to devoting one's life—starting

circle of his influence. But after he me the bread of life. There was with young people and then with

became a member of the General a power and inspiration that folgrown people—helping them to

Sunday School Union Board and lowed the man that found lodggrow in those things that are of was engaged in traveling as the ment in the hearts of his hearers. everlasting value, instead of simply

superintendent of all the Church However, the one outstanding laboring to accumulate more

Schools, it fell to my lot as one of meeting to me on the trip to Baker money."

the General Authorities to travel City was the one in which he gave The compliment he paid Brother with him quite frequently. The a lesson on prayer and taught a Maeser on that occasion came from

longest journey taken with him lot of little children of the Religion his heart. The teaching to those

T;HE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE, 1935

little children touched both of us After the dinner he said to me, the way of instruction or encouras stated to the extent that we "Bruder Grant, I did want one of agement.

shed tears. those pears."Remembering that I had to make

The other extended trip was for I said: "When they ask me to a speech here today, the night beeight weeks through Arizona, New have another, I always say, thank fore Brother Alonzo A. Hinckley

Mexico, and the settlements in the you, I'll not have another, but I'll was to leave for California, alJuarez Stake of Zion, Republic of have one."though it was late, I called him up

Mexico. There was never what He said: "I will adopt that by 'phone and asked him to call my

you might call a tedious hour policy in the future."secretary and dictate a little story

when with Brother Maeser, he was At Mesa he looked over the that he had related, I think it was, so full of knowledge and informaaudience and said: "Bruder Grant, at Brother J. Reuben Clark's home.

tion that it was a delight to be with I see four of my boys in the audiBrother Hinckley sent me the folhim. Those eight weeks spent ence. They will all be up to speak lowing story:

with him on that trip to the south to me after the meeting. That is "Years ago when my mother

are recalled as one of the most a bargain that I make with my kept boarders in Provo she boarded profitable periods of time so far as students when they leave."two men from Milford, neither of

gaining knowledge and informaAfter meeting three boys came them belonging to the Church.

tion were concerned that I have up and spoke to him and had a nice One of them was a very wonderever spent with anyone. little visit with him. That night ful, fine man, who was not inclined

I was amused of course by many when we got back to the house to join the Church, but he had very of the incidents on that trip. One where we were staying I said: profound respect for Dr. Maeser

of them was that we never went "I thought you said there were who was his teacher. I heard him

into a restaurant where there were four boys."say at one time that while in school,

hot cakes on the bill of fare that he He said: "Oh, Bruder Grant, as he looked upon Brother Maeser

did not order them, and he never the other has got some mud on him, (this man being a strong, vigorous failed to look up at me and smile and I will hunt him up. I will man), 'I could take the old gentleand say as he was eating them, go wash it off; I will give him anman and fold him up like a pocket

"Bruder Grant, this is yust what other start."knife, but I feared him. I had such

I love."When we left Mesa I asked him a reverence for him that I would

I remember that on one occasion if he had found his boy. not do anything to displease him.

we had placed before us the finest He said: "O yes, I have got him I think he is the greatest man I ever

pears I have ever seen for size and started going straight again. I knew.'

DR. OF FAMILY DESCENDANTS AND KARL G. hope that he will continue in the "The school year finished and FOUNDER'S AT MAESER, WHO WERE PRESENT

DAY AT BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, 1934. straight and narrow path."our friend went back to Milford

where he made his living. Some

flavor. This was in Mesa City. T-JE took an interest individually, time after that Dr. Maeser, while

The good lady of the house turned I am sure from all that I knew making a trip for the Church, esto Brother Maeser and said: of him, not only in his students, tablishing Religion Classes, was on

"Won't you have another pear, but he seemed to take an interest in his way south. When the train

Brother Maeser?"He had not had all of the people whom he met, stopped in Milford, he stepped off

any; and he was so modest that and tried to give them something the train and was walking up and

he did not ask for a pear. that would be of lasting value in down the platform, and whom

-"- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935

should he meet but his former stureceived his first testimony of the After the conversation had been dent. Reaching out his hand he said: divinity of the work in which we going on for a little while each of "'Well well, Brother—-, are engaged. He related the incithem requested Brother Budge not

how are you, what are you doing?"dent to me. He said that after he to interpret the question or the

"The man looked squarely into had been baptized he looked up answer, as they understood each his teacher's face and answered into heaven and said. "O Lord, I other perfectly. When they feached

honestly, 'Running a saloon.'have accepted what I believe to be this bridge over the Elbe river, if I

"'Running a saloon! Running the Gospel of thy Son Jesus Christ. remember right, leading into Dres-

a saloon! You cannot afford to Give to me a testimony of the diden, they were separated, and when

do that. Give it away, give it vinity of this work, and I pledge they met on the other side and

away; get rid of it!'my best efforts and even my life, another question was asked.

"The train pulled out and Karl STUDENTSPRESENT ATOF THEDR. KARLFOUNDER'SG. MAESER,DAY WHOEXERCISESWERE stand it and asked to have it in-

G. Maeser boarded it, but this man HONORING HIS MEMORY, 1934. terpreted. When the answer came

walked away impressed by this if necessary, for its advancement."Brother Maeser asked to have the

great teacher and said unto himself, I suppose that nearly all of you answer interpreted. Then Brother

'I will not continue in this business are familiar with the fact that Maeser turned to Brother Richards a day longer. I will dispose of it while coming from the place where and said:

if I have to give it away'."he had been baptized he and "Why is it that we could underBrother Franklin D. Richards stand each other before, and now

THAT is the kind of influence this talked with each other, being we cannot?"

man had. It was simply wonblessed with the interpretation of The answer as interpreted was:

fit to allow youderful the power that he had, I of tongues. When they started their "The Lord has seen

course knew of his remarkable acconversation Brother Maeser asked to partake of the fruits of the Goscomplishments in the day of the questions in German and Brother pel of Jesus Christ. You have

Brigham Young Academy, from William Budge, afterwards presibeen blessed of the Lord with the my conversation with students dent of the Bear Lake Stake of interpretation of tongues, and so from Canada on the north down to Zion, subsequently president of the have L"

Mexico on the south. Some of Logan Temple, would interpret the Brother Maeser had made a

our outstanding men, like Edward questions; then Brother Franklin pledge to God, and if any human

H. Snow, and many others, at- D. Richards, the apostle who was being has fulfilled that pledge to

tribute largely their success in life presiding over the European Misthe very letter and to the full extent to the force of character of Brother sion at the time and who had gone of his ability by giving himself to

Maeser and the impression made over to Germany from Liverpool the service of the Lord in this upon them while under his influto be present at the first baptisms Church, that man was Karl G.

ence. in the kingdom where Karl G. Maeser.

I took occasion while I was preMaeser resided, would answer the siding over the European Mission question in English and Brother T SHOULD have liked very much to go to Dresden for the express Budge would interpret the answer to visit his home. I went there

purpose of walking over the idento Brother Maeser. with the hope of doing so, but it

tical bridge where Brother Maeser Brother Richards could not underseemed that the lady in charge, I

T.HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935 -—

believe one of his relatives, had was not going to give him one. John R. Winder, and one of the

become so tired of missionary callThen he reached out his arms and men that I hoped would be alive ers she refused to admit anyone. said, 'Bruder Maeser, Bruder was Karl G. Maeser. The next

But I have a snapshot picture of Maeser, give me one more chance'."morning when I came down to my

the group of us standing in front of I would not attempt to imitate office—the Deseret News was

Brother Maeser's home. his voice as he told the rest of the located at that time where the

in front Another incident happened in story. He told of how he rushed Utah Hotel is now—and

Mesa that was very interesting. into the boy's arms, how he hugged of the twostory adobe building a

Brother Maeser had the capacity to him and kissed him, how he promlittle office had been built right out change from the sublime to the ised him a hundred chances. He to the street, only one story, and

ridiculous without intending to do had us all weeping. Then he said: on the front window was a notice

so. It was sometimes a very sud- "Now, what do you think? "Karl G. Maeser died this morning,

den change. In Mesa City he told That boy is now a Bishop's counat 3:15,"if I remember correctly

of a circumstance. A widow came selor in the town where he was once the hour, which was within a very

to the school and said to him a 'spiled'egg."few minutes of the identical time

"This boy of mine, my only son, is just naturally bad. I cannot do a thing with him. The

teachers in the little country town where I reside have labored with him but they make no impression on him. The Bishop himself and

his counselors have labored with him, but they cannot influence him.

He will not listen to my advice and counsel. In the little country town

where we live there Is no employment for me except to do washing for the wives of farmers, and I have gone out and done washing for a number of years and saved every dollar that I earned, in order that

I might bring this boy of mine to your school. I have brought him

here in the hope that you can make a man of him. I have no other

hope left."

Brother Maeser told us how that boy broke nearly all the rules of the school, how for the sake of that

J. GRANT poor widowed mother who had T HEARD of the very fine work Painted for PRESIDENTthe Faculty HEBERof Brigham

for years to save the labored Younfl University It money by Lee Greene Richards. is to hang in the Heber a misdid in opening that up he

Library. J. Grant that to give an education, him parthat California. in he sion At

might have an opportunity to be ticular time we had less than one I was thinking of him. He reformed, he put up with him as hundred people belonging to the when

long as he could. Finally he had Church in California, and he was passed away without tasting death,

to expel him from the school, and sent there on a special mission. He and in the way, of all others, that

he said: "I have what I call my was a natural born missionary as he would have liked to go. He

hour to meet my students before well as a teacher. He met with sucwanted to die with the harness on,

school starts, when they come and cess, and we now have one of the and had said so, and he did die tell me of their personal troubles most prosperous missions in the with the harness on.

and grievances, etc. I had come whole Church in California, and Brother Francis M. Lyman gave

into my room and was just taking three Stakes of Zion. There has Brother Maeser a blessing, more or

hold of my desk for the purpose of been a most marvelous and wonless in the nature of a patriarchal raising the top when a knock came, derful growth there. blessing, saying; "I feel Impressed,

and I said, 'Come in.'The door It fell to my lot to be called to Brother Maeser, to give you a blessopened and there stood that boy. go to Japan on a mission, and as ing from the Lord for your splenWhen I thought of the way he had I was thinking of the three years did labors in the Stakes and espedefied me; when I thought of the that I expected to be absent, I did cially in the Sabbath School

way he had destroyed the order of not get to sleep one night until a Work."Among other things

the school, upsetting everything little after three o'clock, and in my that Brother Lyman promised him,

I felt like I would yust like to hit mind I made out a list of about a and of which Brother Maeser told him squarely between the eyes."half dozen or more people who me on one of our trips together

Then he said; "The boy said, were along in years, some of them was: "When your work is done,

'Bruder Maeser, Bruder Maeser, not in very robust health, that I when you have finished your give me one more chance,'I was hoped and prayed would be alive labors, you shall be called home paralyzed to think that he wanted when I returned. The first on the without tasting death."

another chance, and he thought I list was my mother, the second was He awoke his wife and told her

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 1935

that he was in some pain and she said, "Brother Maeser got up and "No man shall be more exacting got some hot cloths and put on quoted the Article of Faith, 'We of me or of my conduct than I am him, as I remember it, and then claim the privilege of worshipping of myself."There can be nothing

critiche said to his wife, "Now we will Almighty God according to the finer than that—to be a

go to sleep."She noticed that he dictates of our own conscience, and morning, noon, and night, and to

was very quiet and she spoke to allow all men the same privilege, have the person you are criticizing him, and, lo and behold, he had let them worship how, where, or yourself.

passed on. So that the promise what they may.'And he gave a "The Lord never does anything

made by Brother Lyman was fullecture to those boys who had been arbitrarily."

filled to the very letter. heckling me, and said: 'What is I quote from the Doctrine and

the good of your coming to this Covenants: "There is a law, ir-

T OFTEN heard Brother Maeser school, if you cannot even learn to revocably decreed in heaven before make the statement referred to live up to the Articles of Faith?'the foundations of this world, upon

here to day by President Franklin He further said: 'If I hear again of which all blessings are predicated,"

S. Harris, telling the boys not to be your heckling this young man, and when we fulfil that law we re-

"scrubs,"but nearly always when somebody will be expelled from ceive the blessings. There is noth-

I heard him say it, he added this: school'/'ing arbitrary in this Church. I

"Boys, pray to your Father in Judge Sutherland said: "I rushed recommend that you all read section

heaven, pray with all your hearts up immediately after the adjourn121 of the Doctrine and Coveand your souls that he will keep ment of that meeting, and I said, nants, commencing with, "How you from being a scrub. I hate a 'Dr. Maeser, I shall take Book of long can rolling waters remain imscrub."Mormon, and I shall pass as good pure?"to the end of the section.

He despised slang. I remember an examination in it as any stuIt says that, "It is the nature and

his delivering a very fine speech of dent you have.'And I think I did disposition of almost all men as

twentyfive minutes in the big tabvery well."soon as they get a little authority

ernacle; in fact he always delivered they immediately begin to exercise

a speech that was fine. I met him VEARS later when Henry H. unrighteous dominion; hence many

afterwards and said: Rolapp, James H. Moyle, and are called, but few are chosen. No

"Brother Maeser, I was astoundGeorge Sutherland were working power or influence can or ought toed in counting more than twenty their way through college—I think be maintained by virtue of the

times that you used a slang phrase someone told me they washed priesthood, only by persuasion, by in that speech."dishes, etc., to get their legal trainlong-suffering, by gentleness, and

three by love unfeigned,"etc. He said: "What? Me use a ing—they were known as the

slang phrase? You are mistaken."Mormons arid the Gentile one of There was nothing arbitrary

I said, "Oh no, I'm not. You the three had a better knowledge about Brother Maeser. He was a

kept saying, 'Now boys, catch on, of the Book of Mormon than the teacher who wanted to encourage catch on'."other two, and was able to answer people.

He said: "Is that slang? That questions that they could not. I Again quoting from Brother

is too bad. That ought to be good think that the very inspiration that Maeser

English."Brother Moyle got from the "Every one of us sooner or later

On one of my recent trips to knowledge that Judge Sutherland must stand in the forks of the road

Washington I had the pleasure of possessed of the Book of Mormon and choose between personal inspending about two hours with caused him to make a very close terest and some principle of right."

George Sutherland, one of the Sustudy of that book. There are few "Greed for gain has obscured

preme Court Judges. I am perlay members in the Church in my many a golden opportunity."fectly safe in saying that fully twoopinion that are as well posted on

thirds, if not threequarters, of the the Book of Mormon today as is "Everyone's life is an object lestime was spent by me in listening James H. Moyle. son for others."

to the fine compliments and recitals I have turned down page after "When I listen to a sermon I of incidents in his experience while page in Reinhard Maeser's book have my ears open to the doctrine going to this school, all in conabout his father, but there is one only."

nection with the wonderful charthing that I do wish to read, and In the days when we used to acter, ability, knowledge, and spirit that is the heading of the chapter wear big cuffs on our shirts, I reof Karl G. Maeser. entitled "Funeral Services,"which member listening to a sermon—

He told me that the boys were follows the completion of the hiswas but a young man at the time heckling him, as boys will, because tory. This heading is Brother—in which the preacher used so

he was getting his education in a Maeser's own statement. The headmany big words I did not underChurch school and would not even ing for each and every one of these stand as a youngster about seventake Book of Mormon study. chapters is a statement by Brother teen years of age, that I felt in my

They rubbed it in so hard that Maeser himself, and they are all pocket for a piece of blank paper,

George swore at them, so he told very fine, and I have just decided to and not having any I took my me, and he said of course according read them all. pencil and wrote on my cuff, fillto the rules that meant he would* "Infidelity is consumption of ing it with words in thirty minutes

be expelled from school. So he the soul."A very wonderful that I did not understand. When

went to devotion that morning exstatement. I got home the Scandinavian hired

pecting his name to be read out that "There is a Mount Sinai for girl asked if the man was talking he would be expelled. "But, inevery child of God if he only knows in English, so of course she did not

stead of my being expelled,"he how to climb it."(Continued on page 385)

Mel Cardigan knew Timpanogos—he knew thejorest—but he wasnH very well up on his girls. HEARTS

.EL CARDIGANpaused to M,look down a moment that god Timpanogos always visits was supposed to have stood before

into the giant cirque in the bottom this peak when the wind is blowthrowing herself into the mystical of which lay lovely little Emerald ing. They also say that if you will arms of god Timpanogos, he was

Lake before he went on to the glass stand on the wishing platform with hoping that his wish really could and steel lookout cabin which your eyes fixed upon Emerald Lake come true.

capped Mt. Timpanogos. A cold and wish, that your wish is bound Cardigan was new to the forest

if it conservice. Upon his graduation fromwind was blowing and a few hikers to come true—especiallywho had not left the summit on cerns the heart."college in the spring he had been

the return trip were huddled inside "Let's hurry, and if you don't given a position on the Salmon observing the various visible points fall over the cliff,"Cardigan reRiver Forest in Idaho and had gone of interest, such as the distant joined, "I have a heap of things immediately to his work as the

Uintahs, crowned with ephemeral about which to wish."forest was in urgent need of attenclouds, Aspen Grove far below, and tion on account of the ravaging

off to the south, Mt. Nebo, twin iHEY walked along blister.

peak of the Wasatch. the ridge toward the north, the He had returned to Provo beMel's pulse quickened as he becruel wind clawing at their summer cause he had been transferred to the

held a girl in a green sweater gazclothing and whippingtheir hair Wasatch Forest. Now that he was

ing out to the east through a pair across their faces. settled in a job, he had something

of binoculars. It was Alice Arnet, "An appropriate place for such definite to say to Alice Arnet. But

and the most potent reason why a thing, I'd say,"Story called. "A upon calling at her home he had

he was at all. on the mountain her at and had Grove, Aspen found could place to good propose—one stepped He she that up close behind told her mother been by girl into her scare a matrimony here."

and waited until she tired of the Cardigan led. As they apwas on the hike.

view. When she turned he found proached the magic platform upon "Alice is very much taken up

himself gazing into her violet eyes which Utahna, the Ute maiden, with a young eastern professor,"which narrowed for an instant and Mrs. Arnet stated, as she sat on the

then widened in pleased surprise. edge of her chair and fidgeted with

"Mel!"she cried, her voice warm her apron, for Cardigan had found

with delight and welcome. "Did her busy canning berries. "His

the Ute gods of this old mountain It really Story. name is Story—Dr.send you?"it is serious,"to look as if begins

The other occupants of the little house looked on carelessly though amusedly at the drama. The young

man who had been standing beside

Alice gazing into the east, turned and faced Cardigan inquiringly.

Alice held out her hand which Cardigan grasped in both of his.

"Timpanogos sent me—drew

me, I suppose I'd better say,"he

little lovely room furin motherof-pearlreplied.meeting,—it"Thiswas isplanned."no accidental nished"Theyin the Bridalfound Chamber,themselvesa

Miss Arnet smiled as she turned and alabaster."

to her companion. "Ned,"she

said, formally, "this man in Uncle

Sam's Forest Green is Melbourne

Cardigan; Mel, this is Ned Story,

of Nebraska, a professor of ecology at the 'Y'Summer School."She

smiled. "Pardon, I should have

said, Dr. Edward Story."

"Miss Arnet is amusing herself at our expense, I fear,"Dr. Story replied, his white teeth gleaming beneath his penciled black moustache,

as he held out a long, slender hand, "Glad to know you. Dr. Story,"

Cardigan replied. "Miss Arnet always amuses herself."

"Always,"she laughed. "Let's

get out of here and stand under the sky for a moment. They tell me

and TIMPANOGOS R. MERRILL By HARRISON

she went on. "Alice has a great Cardigan had said her to step up to the wishing platsurely than deal to say about him—he really goodbye then and as fast as Uncle form, he knew, more

ever known before, that he seems to be a very fine man—botSam's iron horse would take him he had

anist or bugologist, or something."he had literally flown to Aspen loved her. That there was just

Cardigan had felt that Mrs. Grove. He had been determined one girl in the world.

Arnet was rather proud of the new to be present before, at, or imme- "This is quite a venturesome catch and that she was plainly trydiately after the proposal. He had performance,"Alice laughed as she

ing to hint to him that he shouldn't learned the game of struggle too slithered to the edge of the stone meddle. well during his four years of colplatform. "One has to lean out a

"Is this Dr. Story quite a ladylege to relinquish any prize to an long, long way in order to see the

killer?"he had asked. opponent easily. lake. There isn't any use of wishcenter."girls—tall,"He's veryslender,populardark,withhas onethe he Andapproachednow he wasthe withwishingthem.platAs ing if you can't look right into its

of those manicured moustaches. form, he sent up a prayer to the "May we hold you?"Dr. Story

But he seems to spend most of his Great Spirit of the mountain and asked, taking her hand in one of time with Alice."Mrs. Arnet's to the shades of War Eagle and his long thin ones. "I'll take this

kindly face lit up. "I wouldn't be Utahna the mythical Indian lovers. one; Mr. Cardigan, your other,

at all surprised if he proposed beHe was still determined, but wonthen you may lean out in safety."

fore the hike is over."dering in what manner he could

"What would Alice say?"he put in his bid along with this Facing the sheer drop

had asked, his inhibitions for the handsome savant of the East. of the cliif before her, Alice gave

moment dormant. As he took Alice's hand to assist each of the men one of her hands

"Oh, I think she might accept,"and leaned far out over the dizzy

Mrs. Arnet had replied. "She's height.

terribly flattered by his attention. "I can see it,"she cried. "I'm

They say he is one of the most wishing. Oh..."

brilliant men in America in his Her hand had slipped from Dr.

field."Story's grasp and she swung dangerously out over the precipice,

fully fifteen hundred feet high.

Cardigan braced himself and held on dragging her back from certain death. Her face was white as she

faced them both.

"Why did you do that?"she

asked in a shaky voice.

Dr. Story's face was as empty

of color as the snowfield below

Formations in Timpanoflos Cave. These are delicately them.

beautiful. "I was overcome,"he faltered.

"The height or something seized me. "I might have gone over the cliff,"she chided.

"Mountain sickness, I guess,"Cardigan put in, making an effort to pass over the incident. "Many

people not used to the mountains are affected that way. You'd better

sit down a moment, Dr. Story."

Story stood with his fingers locked together, his face still pale, his lips quivering.

"I'll be all right in a moment.

What if you had let go, too, or slipped over."

He was greatly shaken. Cardigan

felt sorry for him.

"It's all right,"Cardigan de345

T;HE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE, 1935

clared. "Come on, let's get off this breathtaking plunge over the huge Alice and Story had made it

is haunted by the drift, he wondered which of the Story unused as he must be towishing table—it

spirits of Utahna and War Eagle. black forms far below were Alice mountains at all let alone a ripShe went over, you know."He and Dr. Story. roaring glacierslide with nothing

tried to pass the incident off lightly. He took his stand at the top of between himself and disaster but a

"I'll wish some other day. It's the drift ready to take off. Veteran pair of too thin trousers.

time you were getting off the mounof many glacierslides that he was, "Mel, you are not gone yet?"

tain. It will be dusk now before he could not help but draw in a It was Alice who came running

you get down."deep breath and hesitate before takup from the other side of the saddle

He sat on the edge of the wishing the plunge. He knew there where he had failed to see her and

ing table expecting to remain bewas little or no danger, but he Story. She was followed by the

hind. also knew of the quick plunge, the professor.

"Aren't you coming;"Alice flying snow, the breathless speed, "No, but I'm on my way,"Mel

asked. "Better come."the hidden rockholes that might laughed. "I hope these trousers

Cardigan wanted more than give him a jolt. He wondered how will hold out."

anything in the world to go "That slide looks dangeralong, but his sense of good ous,"Dr. Story declared. "I

sportsmanship prevented. cautioned Miss Arnet against

"No,"said he, shaking his taking it and proposed that head; "I wish to remain and we walk down around the

commune with the spirits for edge of the snowfield."

a short time. I can go down "Glacier, Dr. Story,"Alice

faster than you. It has been admonished. "You must nottwo years since I stood on top SONG insult us by calling the Timp

of this mountain."OF THE glacier a snowfield, must he,

"All right,"Alice called Mel?"

back; "we'll be seeing you. "Well, hardly,"Cardigan HIKERBy the way, I heard of your answered gravely. "We've

transfer. Where is that camp "VrOU may ride through the lanes of heaven called it a glacier so long that

the paper mentioned?"'On wings that are strong and wide, it can't help but be one. But,

really. Dr. Story, there is no "Over on the divide above AndOr dipdownandfromroll thein thestratosunlightglide

Camp Altamont,"Cardigan But let me have the mountain danger. Not more than half

answered. Where creek and trail entwine. a dozen have been maimed for

"Glad to have met you,"And let me smell the perfume life out of all of the thousands heavenly mountainDr. Story said. "Sorry I That perfume who have taken the grand the spruce and the columbine. From

proved to be such a chump."slide. I can't think of any

"Not at all,"Cardigan re- I sweat in the newgold sunshine, who were killed outright."

plied heartily, for he liked And sneeze as the pollens rise "Mel is joking, Dr.

zephyrs waft upward them AsStory said. "anybody Story,"somehow; Alice "There

unflecked, azure Toward spell likemight have had a pernever a really skies has been lilt I'll live in the water of But that on Timpanogos. So And the freshness that it brings, manent injury on the slide.

long, I may catch up with As I rest by the mossgrown ledges It's You just safe—perfectly. velvet ledges—Those tender,you before you reach the your take hold of down,

dips the ouzel and sings. sit WhereGrove."courage for a steering wheel

He sat and watched them My feet have sought the skyways and let go. The glacier will

until they rounded the rocky Where peace and God abide do the rest."

is insignificant man "I imagine so,"Story recliff,point of the then he And the grand Alone on divide plied. to the of the edgearose, went I seen the morning have But

in."I "Besides,"put Mel prayerwishing platform from which And evening—cosmicfelt the holiness really I have be think more it would see the farther edge Andhe could

pulsing glowing, The to try holiness dangerous to walkof Emerald Lake and stood hiker there. draws the That sprain an might down. Yougazing to where hundowndreds of people like tiny toys You may glide through the lanes of heaven ankle or break a leg—You'd

stalked hither and yon over On wings that are strong and wide lose so much time it would the mountain walk But let me get the dark then and on you floor the Cirque. of the Giant

grand divide. the on With God very dickens be to pay. would a feelconscious of was He

ing of anxiety. Dr. Story did Better board my train and go

seem like a good sort, and with me."

Alice did seem to enjoy him. IYLEL seated himself at the comb of the drift

i HE Giant's Cirat the top of the glacier with que and the glacier were in his feet hanging over.

deep shadow when Cardigan "Alice, you can mount next finally saddle. the reached As to Story can bring me—Dr.

last slope thehe went down the rear. up All aboard?"

to where a few stragglers still Alice took her place behind stood before taking that {Continued on page 387)

GREATNESS* IN MEN We take pleasure in having Bryant S. Hinckley y president

of Liberty Stake and a frequent contributor to these pages introduce in this formal manner our newest Apostle his younger brothery Arza Alonzo Hinckley. Here is a story of one of the

blossoms of a long line of two splendid American family trees.

flrza /llonzo Hinckley By BRYANT S. HINQKLEY

President of Liberty Stake

Four things a man must learn to do very little unless exIf he would make his record true; pressed in rugged

To think w'ithout confusion clearly;

To love his fellowmen sincerely; manhood.

To act from honest motives purely; Libraries and labTo trust in God and—HenryHeaven Vansecurely.Dyke. housesoratories,andschoolchurch

progress of the world are waits they symbolize, the feet of thoughtfulTHEupon spires, with all that valuable in propormen, men who do their own tion to their ultimate reckoning, who never lose their contribution to charmoorings, who are not carried away acter development.

by every wind of doctrine. Such The highest values

men constitute the bulwark of free of manhood are measgovernment, the foundation upon ured in terms of which social security and moral thoughtfulness, intelprogress rests. The value of any ligence, honesty,

civilization is measured by its men. courage, kindness and

The output of factories, the prohuman understandduction of farms, the speed of ing. When a man

trains, the convenience of compossesses these virtues munication, the command of reat their best he is the sources, the control of the forces noblest asset of the and factors which contribute to world.

human comfort, mean, in the final. Alonzo A. HinckALONZO A. HINCKLEY

Elder christHinckley Although was forened Arza Alonzo, has years he signed A.THEA. TIMEHINCKLEYHE FILLEDAND HISA WIFEMISSIONABOUTTO ley holds in fine combination these basic

his name Alonzo A. HOLLAND. essentials. In mental and moral fiber he

ranks among the strong men of his time.

In sympathy and human understanding he has few if any superiors. He thinks

always in terms of human welfare. He

acts always in the interest of justice and righteousness. All his efforts are constructive, stabilizing, and progressive. His

inheritance and his surroundings have contributed to the development of a thoughtful, selfreliant, sympathetic man.

His parents and their forbears were pioneers. Three hundred years ago Samuel

Hinckley, the English immigrant, landed at Situate, Cape Cod, bringing with him the best ideals and traditions of his native

England. He was a resourceful man of

robust courage fortysix years of age.

The new world was made better for his

T.HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE. 1935 >"-

ago their deprayers?''Yes.''Did you remember your

scendants came "tofatheradmitwhothinkingis away?'fatherSometimeswas one weso hadbig

to Utah inspired and great and strong he could meet any by the selfsame situation—had to admit perhaps we had

motives. not felt the necessity of praying for him.

Elder Hinck- 'Did you pray for those who have not comfortable beds as you have? Did you

ley's mother was pray for those who have not food to cat one of the early nor raiment to wear?'So today I pay

school teachers tribute to that angel mother who left an of Salt Lake impression so deep that it has never gone

City. Aseneth outI oweof muchmy heart.to her."Peace to her memory!

Adams, mother of the famous TN the family archives is a letter and beloved written by President Brigham Adams, Maude to calling Ira N, Hinckley of the Young one IRA N. AND ANGELINE NOBLE HINCKLEY was and supergo to Millard County

Ira father, Hinck- N. pupils. His Fort. of the intend building Cove

a blacksmith, a trade ley, by was are His descendants hesitation,coming. among without responded He adthe denied been had who man ofthe pioneers and patriots Amerthe in completed Fort and was

schooling of but who was vantages ica. thereafter years 1867. For many of education. patron a lifelong it the family. Alonzo Hinckley descends in a of was the home

direct line from Samuel, through pLDER HINCKLEY was well Cove Fort is situated midway his son, Thomas Hinckley, who born and he apbetween Fillmore and Beaver, a diswas Governor of Plymouth Colony preciates it. Speaktance of sixty miles. In oxteam

from 1680 to 1692. The record ing in the Salt Lake days this was a long and lonesome

declared him to have been "A man Tabernacle at the road through Indian territory. It

of worth and piety."October conference, was built as a protection against

N his mother's side he descends 1934, he said; IndiansIra N. Hinckley'sand border ruffians.managementUnderit

in a direct line from Thomas "I owe much to my proved to be not only a place of

Noble, whose family is equally disfather. He led his family, security to weary travelers of those

early days but a haven of rest andtinguished for its pioneering and byas everythe eloquentman shouldlife thatdo, patriotic service. he lived. His words were comfort. On April 23, 1870,

Alonzo's great grandfather, few but his example was Alonzo Hinckley first saw the light

Lorenzo Noble, died of fever contrue. No one, in the presof day in this historic place.

years ago his father wastracted while serving in the War everence permittedof my father,to lift washis Sixty of 1812. Although the family voice against the Authormade President of Millard Stake of

record is far from complete it gives ities of this Church withZion. As a boy of four years

the names of thirtyseven who out his protest. He Alonzo moved with his mother to

didn't say he prayed; his childhood where and in thefought French Indian and A. Fillmore, ALONZO prayers. what knew We spent. youthful days Here were he fiftyone in theWar, American heart, he his in and was HINCKLEYROSE MAYAND the worked on farm in the summerRevolution, seventythree in heart. great a the had ROBISON AT

THE TIME glad to pay "I the attended school during and am of in eighty the 1812, andWar EY TH WERE to tribute mother who, my thirteen winter. years of AT STUDENTS WhenUnion Army.

the in days H when B R A I G my entered M age the dehe Intermediate of family Members the Noble ACADYOUNG called father away was

PROVO. EMY, partment of Brigham AcadYoung all settlerswere early the of among pernever home, from

the Northern and Western States. mitted us to forget our emy, remaining In the school for

these in understand, I can Now afterwards attending the two years,They were pathbreakers and cityprayers.

spirit years her of mature more my life, Millard Stake in FillAcademybuilders.

all stairs, tiptoed was she when up when

Alonzo's father, Ira N. Hinckquiet below and we were tucked away in

MRS. HINCKLEY LIVING HER NINE ANDley, the edge she beds, sit on would and to came Fall of our in the Utah DAUGHTERS—AFTON, MABEL, SUSANNAH, intimate, inquiries, of the and bed make ETHEL, ANGELINE, MARY, NELLIE, BEULAH1850. was a widower He twentytwo years of age, with one child, dose inquiries: 'Have you said your AND ZINA

having buried his wife on the plains.

His mother, Angeline Noble, with her parents and two sisters, came to Salt Lake City in the same fall, but in a different company.

This young couple had never met.

The two families (the Hinckleys and the Nobles) came to

America three hundred years ago inspired. with a love for freedom

and a desire to worship Almighty

God according to the dictates of their conscience. Eightyfour years

4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935

more. He returned

later to the Brigham Young Academy where for two years he pursued his studies in the

Academic department.

jLJIS early education was not neglected.

For a young man in his impressionable years to know Dr. Karl G.

Maeser was a good beginning. That great

teacher never left a boy as he found him.

Apostle Hinckley taught school when he was a mere boy, and the school married Rose May Robison, of Fill- A.OLDA.COVEHINCKLEYFORT TAKENWAS BORNABOUTWITHINTHE TIMEITS

the outposts. more. This was a fortunate day WALLS.was a rough one—on

In those days it required courage for both of them. She was a young

and physical prowess as well as school teacher of fine lineage and Shining through it all has been the scholarship and technique to master personal attractiveness. The years hope and inspiration that comes

a school of that kind. Through have proved the wisdom of his from a triumphant faith.

his fearless stand for order and choice. The bloom of youth has They have been blessed with the

discipline he won the admiration of never faded from her colorful following children: Lois (dethe community. Ten years later, cheeks. She is a tranquil, evenceased), Harold, Afton (Mrson his return from Holland, he tempered woman of quiet wisdom Frank Badger), Rulon, Mabel,

taught for a brief period. He was who, in a gentle but efficient way, (Mrs. Ivan Burgoyne), Susannah,

the moving spirit in establishing manages her household. No mother Angeline, Ethel (Mrs. Stanley Irand maintaining the Millard Stake could be more devoted to her chilvine), Benjamin Ira (deceased)

Academy at Hinckley, Utah, and dren. No wife could be more Mary (Mrs. Frank Craven), Arza,

was the president of the Board of steadfast and loyal to her husband Nellie (Mrs. Byron Jones), Beuthat institution for thirteen years. and his interests. Few women lah, and Zina. Two died in childHe has educated with care, and have ennobled and glorified motherhood and twelve have grown to

at large expense, all of his children. hood as she has done and fewer maturity—three sons and nine

The love for learning has always wear its crown with more grace. daughters.

burned in his soul. She is the mother of fourteen chilThese children, a strong and

In his twentysecond year he dren, twelve of whom are living. shining group, are a distinct credit

He is an ordained to their parents, to the Church to patriarch and a great which they are devoted workers, father, to the communities in which they yHERE isn't much roreside and the Republic to which mance in pioneering, they belong.

there is too much real work to be done, but TN training, ability and character, this home has always this is a remarkable family. Modbeen a happy one; a est, selfreliant, educated, honest,

home where economy, cheerful in outlook, cooperative in work, and worship, that spirit, trained to work and willing glorious trinity of virto work, genial, and in all essentues upon which the tials noble and genuine, these chilwell being of the world dren are an example of what a home rests, were practiced and consecrated to the great ideals delightfully inculcated. which the Latterday Saints cherFor fortythree years ish can give to the world.

this couple have walked Apostle Hinckley is not only a together through sunstalwart Church worker but he has shine and shadow. Their been active in civil and commercial

pathway has not been affairs. In 1896 he was elected

Assessor and Collector of Millard strewn with roses—they

have faced hardships, County, which position he resigned met disappointments, to fill a mission to the Netherlands.

overcome difficulties. On his return he was appointed

Postmaster of Hinckley, subseELDER HINCKLEY AND HIS quently he was elected as represenBU- THREE SONS—HAROLD,

LON, AND ARZA. tative of Millard County in the

T;HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE. 1935 >

state legislature and for five years service, at home and abroad, to the which he courageously faced and served as State Commissioner of Church which has honored him patiently and intelligently strugAgriculture. Referring to his work with a high place in its Councils. gled with.

in this capacity Governor Charles At home he served as counselor to These difficult situations reveal

R. Mabey said: the bishop in the Hinckley Ward. his high sense of justice, his rugged

of honesty, as president the strength his father succeeded and fiber He closely years were ago we "Twenty his character. of cirof Zion and for Stake of Millard No pressure in the good for associated framing laws

of this state. My attention was soon twentyseven years presided there, cumstances could force him to

called to A. A. Hinckley's ability in and these were eventful years. This countenance any intimation of reselecting good legislation and rejecting the was a major job. pudiation. Alonzo Hinckley is inat heart the in getting bad. His ability of While living in Salt Lake he was trinsically sound. I his sought and subject was uncanny any

advice many times. Above all I found him called as a special worker in the Salt Referring to him, a lifelong

to he aggressively honest and loyal. Lake Temple, and taught the high friend and associate. Attorney J. A.

"When the people of Utah elected me priests'class in Capitol Hill Ward. Melville, said:

to the Governorship and the reorganization of the state's administrative system was "For many years prior to his departure well under way, the question arose of findAS a missionary abroad he spent to preside over the California Mission I ing a man to handle the newly created Dethree years in Holland (1897became intimately associated with him in drainage, irrigation, reclamageneral and Agriculture. one menof partment Some in the Southern six months 1 900),

tion in Millard County. work Millard of Hinckley, Connty. tioned A. A. shortterm volunteer as a States intricate the approaching inspiration. "In the many an thought was me To years three 926-, and missionary (1 financial administrative problems wanted and I sent him, for what was told him

and received this reply: 'I do not seek as president of the California Miswhich confronted him his first effort was

this position, but if I am needed and you sion (19321935). to determine the mo rallyright policy,

accept.'it, I will gladly I can fill think

swiftly to put the Wherever he has gone, in whatpursue.rather thanHe thecontendedmost expedientthat whateverpolicywasto say he "Needless

department in order and for four long ever capacity he has served, he has morally right must necessarily be legal.

years disposed of its business with efiishown superior leadership and outClear thinking, applied to the solution of ciency and dispatch at a time when agristanding ability as an advocate and practical problems, and his final judgment logically forcefully hand. expressed the culture touch of a guiding was with needed and administrator. an

impressed that dignity the preeminently act of his me always made him "One is cautious but courageous, a He It figure character. at outstanding meetings true reflecting as the of boards man's

was several days before I went out of kind but uncompromising. As of directors, stockholders, as well as puboffice. He called to see me and presented president of a stake and as president lic gatherings."

It read. letter to asked he a which me did a mission he a monumental of

all these from of resignation. dumbfounded, his I was was PMERGING superior wisdom work, marked by

office sevexpire for didn't of his term as struggles is a of great paman spiritual is a great power. and He 'I was: eral simple remark His months. tience, of thought, unof profound leader. chief.'religious with out go my courage, faltering faith, of robust politics. in something "Here was new "docis not Religion with him

rare honesty, of downright to willing or and a go up down Here was man it is a pracstorage,"cold in trine is it file not leader. Usually his with close sympathy. human From itself in expressing thing, tical that wonder that you way. my Can done the contact of he problems knows service to in is righteous behavior and so great?"for regard him

others. It is not something apart the common people and the

strength plain of men. and worth living. his years of thirty he made a way pOR from life—but clear a has vigorous and He Millard Hinckley, in home capacity the mind, holding of with alluvial tract is a vast of in honor a nPHERE named town County,

is it to until mastered a problem Millard County. western in land his father. of

is at, a arrived solution and and is for strongly impregnated land a his This he worked boy As the faculty he presenting has of scantily supplied alkali Lafayette Holand brotherin-law, with clear the matter a in persuasive and years people water. Co., Frisco, and Beaver in with brook, The who

fine way. a Hinckley Alonzo has

there brotherthemselves established another for ago subsequently judicial dishave and would mind Deseret, determined a brave in and have made Ray, inlaw, William A. tinguished as himself a lawyer had

their effort to were maintain and homes Co., both Millard of whom profession. followed that he

engaged in the mercantile business. reclaim the soil, much of which His association with investors,

This was a most valuable training became waterlogged and unprolawyers, law makers, judges, puband experience for Alonzo. These ductive. lic officials and plain people has

men were both capable business To reclaim this land large secgiven him a modest selfconfidence men and men of unquestioned intions have been tile drained at great and a training in clarifying and preestablished In tegrity. he 1893 reservoirs addition in expense and senting a case has which him made Store, Cooperative the Hinckley the constructed been along have a powerful advocate of right and

for managed and he owned which the water, conserve Sevier to River justice. those have who To known

many years. also at heavy expense. This vast him best A. A. Hinckley will stand

In the meantime he acquired outlay of money and expenditure forever as the Tribune of the comsome extensive farm interest in this of labor have been followed by remon people.

locality, and through wise managepeated drouths and crop failures, He was chosen to fill the vacancy ment he was soon recognized as one all of which impoverished the peoin the quorum of the Twelve Aposof the most successful farmers in ple and involved them in obligatles occasioned by the death of the the state. His love for the soil is tions most difficult to meet. beloved President Anthony W.

second only to his love for humanTo maintain his own credit and Ivins. In experience, training,

ity. the integrity of the people imposed mental power, and sympathetic unHe has given long and valiant an almost immeasurable burden (Continued on page 352)

Among the South Sea Islands Todau

By Herein a distinguished traveler and observer not SAMOA MARC T.

Church makes of the observations conGREENE some cerning the South Sea Islanders and the activman's greed in respect to their great islands. three For years ities of the L, D. S, these quarreled dots over Powers

Church in those islands. in the Pacific as if they had been of

equal importance to a continental nation, and in the course of the quarreling the natives were confrequently embroiled and STEVENtinually LOUIS ROBERT all this, little killed. Throughout of the Polynesians, SON said

"they are the sweetest peoconsideration was shown the isple God ever made,"and inasmuch landers'welfare or interest by anyas he chose Samoa as his South Seas one but the missionaries.

home it may be assumed that he It is due largely to these, then, referred particularly to the Samoan that the Samoans have not been branch of the race. altogether what we call "spoilstill If possess they anything

novelist meant by ed,"What the grace kindliof the charm and and kindli- "sweetest"of course, was, ness of disposition, mutual goodness of temper which inspired

Stevenson's remarkable tribute, the will and unselfish habits. All these and come men women who have things were noted by every early

at them, sometimes conamong explorer and missionary who came siderable selfsacrifice, to teach and into contact with the island peoples to set examples are to be thanked in any of the Polynesian groups. for it.

Especially among the Samoans was love regarded the white with man escutcheon, in early the man's and is, islands group of Samoan "THE in ships, reverence. huge His and counteract days agency to the only the exception of Tahiti, with islanders'the comparison with its its reevil correct influence and all loveliest Seas in the the of South ridiculously canoes diminuthough if sult the missionary. was And scenic view. a point Here of from liners, tive so alongside modern zeal the missionary's sometimes all are the white, palmlined natives that the astonished they his discretion his outstepped work beaches, the greenclad mountains, the proonly conclude could them less useful the not whole on was jungles, thick, the the odorous and

first divine duct of hands. The it righteous. than was one's streams of rushing mountain therein were, Europeans Samoa

isles the of romantic dreams of fore, called "Sailing the Gods,"and first missionaries in Samoa THE is fairyland. neverceas- the Here islanders rethe believed these that years over something came 100 sunshine, ing bright the warmth, "lifted beings have markable must ago. Williams, noted John The soft the so moonlight which and the the curtain of sky"and up the later killed in Erromanga, was stir the colder people fancy of of

it sailed distant under from some first influence his of note one and seas, are everblue climes. the Here supernatural abode. is all It great islands. in the was reefs, richlycolored the the coral

Unbounded hospitality and the related that he arrived in Samoa flyingfish, and the quiet lagoons.

deepest respect were thus the porjust as one conquering tribe was Here is the serenity of existence so tion of the European in Samoa about to massacre a number of prisalluring to people tired of noise and until through his acquisitiveness, oners and that his pleas prevented "hustle."Here are the tranquil,

imposition upon the hospitality this. But unfortunately the acquieasy-going, friendly people among

and trust of the natives, and unsitive trader and the dealer in alcowhom you would like to live.

seemly conduct he ceased to merit hol appeared in most of the islands One of the New Zealand adit. concurrently with the missionaries, ministrators of Western Samoa

With the exception of the misand they never hesitated to pit one called these people the "aristocrats sionaries the first whites in the native faction against another if of the South Seas,"and whether

South Seas were for the most part it could advantage their ends to that is accurate or not it is certain there to exploit the islanders, and do so. that the Samoans are notable for

the principal method of exploitaThe Samoans have had the most splendid physiques, powerful mustion was alcohol. The introduchectic history of all the people of cles, and proud bearing. In their

tion of this to the Pacific Islands the Pacific. Their troubles have own minds there is no question

is one of the blots on the white largely arisen out of the white whatever as to their preeminence

T:HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935 >

among all the Pacific Islanders. One of the Mormon Church have an derstand that explains the failure

chief is reported to have replied to especially deep appreciation of this. of much administrative and church

a European who explained to him I have met and enjoyed the acwork in the South Seas.

that the Polynesian race originated quaintance of Mormon missionar- > 4 in India: "The others in the isies in many parts of the world, in

lands, perhaps, but not the the South Seas particularly, and flrza fl. Hinckley

Samoans. They originated in it is very clear to me that the results (Continued from page 350)

Samoa!"they achieve are far in advance of '-4

most of the other religious bodies.

rebears a derstanding strong he I attribute this partly perto the has race of pride strongPHIS leader. illustrious to semblance that sonality the missionaries of themdifficul- the to added probably

is a serious surface a Beneath selves their partly to and remarkadministrators variousties the of delightful sense deep of and humor tactful ably dealings the peowith alnot these have butof Samoa, itself best at manifests which home ple are they working among. suffitact or either exhibitedways is a in eloor group. family He natives'for the considerationcient first missionaries in fireside; at the father the his quent South THE islands all, these Afterviewpoint.

is before islands was. Sea were, not as him Humor know, we Polythe of possession thewere

life is in the severe. his rigorous note dominant and and them With possibly hundreds, peoplenesian

it either in frequently displayed public. not salvation the along was the ever e'er years ofthousands, has lines their seen of dark particular days drab belief and He own fact a which appeared,white man

is situations it there in utter or but drab and thought no was damin sufficiently borne been nothas life. his nation. cloud can natives shut the out the had but The No had has white manmind. The sunlight alternatives. of a hope Moreover, the two man's when obligahis will have alwaysand

is first filled soul faith. a early the radiant thing did missionary with course. responsibilities, oftions and

to to try Spurgeon that change, remarked or "the was change, burden"man's is "white theHis best soldiers are everyone of gathered the the agesold habits from and alien and elsewhere among ashere is the people, adversity."highlands customs of never of giving This part large a races, andundeveloped

it a exemplified selection to in the for thought of Elder whether was to is obligation his burden thatof their it not. for place a in or Hinckley the good Whether was Quorum races these of uplift the tolook tribal a of a Apostles. or matter custom of wearspiritually. materially andboth certain a the ing his clothing, of kind the day of From appointment fallen speaking, generally has,He to the apostleship, missionary's order be to the his must obeyed end of all the in that doing of shortfar

career, threat under penalties. will steadily of dreadful he grow and had has he wheneverislands. And constantly childlike, Furthermore, in the pleasconfidence the and is it natives thedifficulties with

largely for that reason, for they ureloving islanders were deprived affection of all the people. In his everything ministry that given will had he them not them among to of are ready were and stillalways for years. joy stimulate thousands of only their in faith hearts The and halfway European themeet

inspire endeavor appeared to to be a and with turn devothem new all concernin halfway thanmore all into tion the to the austere truth, them of will most but he makements. Calvinists inthat an enduring and contribution to was an

To understand natives should be effably silly thing. stability and progress of the greatthe

the first consideration of those who The Mormon missionaries, as I Church to which he has, in the work among them. That must be have observed their work, make no most practical and thoroughgoing

the foundation of the structure, and such absurd blunders. I have often way, consecrated his highest effort.

it is a matter of long and arduous been at the admirable establishment labor. The difficulties of admin- a few miles from Apia where exAn Intimate Word

istration everywhere have been hibitions and dances have been I-JE is my younger brother. I was

greatly increased by failure to acheld with hundreds of pleased and there when he scored his first it. work missionary Incomplish I natives participating in great alone. happy triumph—standing gone usually success hasespecially all applauded glee his the troubles the with childish them. With

hand in hand with the achieveSamoans have been through in refirst faltering steps across the ment of a real understanding of the cent years and with the friction that kitchen floor; I led him by the hand

native race. Sympathy and afstill prevails, to see a gathering at when he was too small to venture

fection inevitably follow such an the Mormon Mission in Apia you far from his mother's knee; I reunderstanding, but they are generwould think the Samoans as a member with pride when I could

ally lacking without it. But really whole were as happy as they were walk, a fair heel and toe walk,

to know the Polynesians, particufifty years ago. Indeed, I dare say faster than my little brother could

larly the Samoans, to know them those who are associated with the run.

as Stevenson did, is certainly to Mormon Church are as happy. And After three score years have come

share a good deal of his high regard if they are, it is because they have and gone, again I applaud. Now

for them. been led imperceptibly along the his success as a father, his service to

Tact in missionary work is as proper path and never driven. And the state, his achievements in the

necessary in the islands as tact in it should always be remembered ministry, his sterling worth as a administration. And, writing althat success of any kind may man, the strength and purity of his

together as a layman with no affiliusually be achieved with a Polycharacter. With rising pride I apations of any sort with any relinesian by tactful and considerate plaud the triumphs and victories

gious body, I have always been leading. It can never be achieved with which the years have crowned

struck by the fact that the workers by driving, and the failure to unhim.

DR. VERN O.

KNUDSEN By ALEXANDER SCHREINER Assistant Tabernacle Organist

Hidden treasures of knowledge have been revealed to this former Provo boy through persistent apd hard nvork bringing him one of the scientific worWs m,ost coveted recognitions.

DR. VERN 0. KNUDSEN

Dean of Graduate Study, University of

VERN O. KNUDSEN, room, factors which acoustical enCalifornia at Los Angeles

gineers have thus far failed to take time that he first met Miss FlorenceDR.Professor of Physics, Chairinto account. Telleford of Ogden, Utah, who the of Physics Departman as a missionary serving also wasment, Study and Graduate of Dean acoustical transparency of T'HE his in 1919. wife became and who atat California University the of air at calculated the be Dr. can now and 1919 During 1918

the President Angeles, ofLos and temperature humidity, any and and the connected with was Knudsen

Acoustical Society of America has this is expected to be of great pracengineering research laboratories of been granted the $1,000 award tical importance in the aircondi- the Westinghouse Electric Comgiven annually the American by tioning auditoriums, of musical in was an York. pany He New of for theSociety Advancement opera houses and theatres. Our at the Univerassistant in Physics

Science for his paper reporting his prima donnas will be waxing temsity of Chicago from 1920 to researches on the "Absorption of peramental over conditions of.hu1922, and received his Degree of

Sound in Gases."This year there midity and temperature when they Doctor of Philosophy there in

scientific societieswere which 102 realize facthe of these importance at the Unihas been 1922. He Pittsburgh. hunmet at Twelve tors in carrying sounds with at a versity Angeles California of Los

dred scientific and technical papers maximum of efficiency from the since 1923.

were submitted. Out of these, each stage to the audience.

society recommended a paper to the Our military, naval and police STJYYYi a modesty that is pleasing award committee which selected as work will benefit from Dr. Knudand a sparkling vigor that is

the most noteworthy that of Dr. sen's discoveries which are of prime delightful. Dr. Knudsen presents a

Knudsen whose investigations are importance in sound signaling in picture in direct contrast to the described as "epochmaking"in the the air. These agencies are now common conception of a learned

fundamental principles of the enabled to send secret code messages scientist. He is always perfectly

propagation of sound. with sound vibrations that no car groomed, and his clearcut and acDr. Knudsen smilingly recalls his can detect but which can be picked curate speech shows the same meticinterest as a child in the strange up by those for whom they are ulous care. He is a good mixer,

phenomenon of sound transmisintended, with the proper instrufull of joviality and always a stimsion. As he used to iceskate on ments. ulating addition to any group. He

the Provo River on clear cold days, In addition. Dr. Knudsen's reis a typical family man who thorhe puzzled over the clarity of dissearches have opened up a new field oughly enjoys the company of his

tant sounds. He observed that he in the study of the energy states of three children and whose recreation

could eavesdrop on a conversation molecules and have furnished a new largely consists in developing in half a mile distant, and yet when technic for investigating the nature them the variety of interests thatthe weather was hot and sultry he of molecular collisions and of the characterize him—a symphony

could not distinguish the sound of molecular forces involved. The concert or a swim in the ocean, a

a wagon rattling over the cobbles theoretical part of his investigation football game or a day in the desert, until it was within the block. was modeled after a treatise by a barbecue in the back yard or just

Growing out of this childhood Einstein on the propagation of dinnertable conversation. The

curiosity are Dr. Knudsen's recent sound in partially dissociated gases. latter is a particular joy in the

discoveries which give credence to Knudsen home with its dining the claim of Arctic explorers that r)R. KNUDSEN was born in room of special acoustical conthe barking of a dog can be heard Provo, Utah, in 1893. He restruction designed to absorb the

fifteen miles, a statement hitherto ceived his A. B. degree from Brigsound of clattering dishes and of

disparaged by scientists. We now ham Young University in 1915 tooanimated discussions.

have definite proof that acoustics and subsequently served as a misWith what pride can Utah claim'are influenced more by the humidsionary and as secretary of the the man that the scientific world is ity and temperature of the air than Northern States Mission from hailing with honor and commendaby the absorbing boundaries of the 1915 to 1918. It was during this tion.

BRIGHAM YOUNG and the

LEAH D. WIDTSOE "YOUTH MOVEMENT"

By LEAH D. WIDTSOE

SINCE the time when Cain disIn this article is to be found in succinct parents our. first tressed with English the attitude of the Pioneer -president of

there tendencies his wayward has always been a "youth probthe Churchy Brigham Youngs toward the everlem."There always will be one, present Youth Movement. In this article Mrs.

unless parents learn to keep young Widtsoe has caught the spirit of the western emwith their children and sense with them the conditions of every new pire builder and has given us a recapitulation of day. Even so, there will always his views.

be some divergence in evaluating life's problems, for the adult is bound to have a background of icecold rooms and had to break the together must bend their entire enexperience which is manifestly imice in the water jugs to get a wash ergy to escape the dangers which possible for youth. For that reabefore or after morning chores. beset them on every side, to save

son experience and inexperience Granted that "times have themselves from utter starvation may seldom sense the same reacchanged,"yet it is certain that there and even from annihilation. Then

tions from life. Father and must have been a distinct "youth came the days of comparative peace

mother or grandparents are too apt problem"for our pioneer ancestors. in the Valley; the elements had

to feel and say, "Well, they cerThey had come from many differbeen harnessed, food was no longer

of today and for half a generation had been fornia had brought into their midstday—whattainly didn'taredotheso youthand so in our ent countries and conditions in life, scarce, and the goldrush to Calicoming to?"However, the world misjudged, hounded, persecuted, people who sought only gold and

wags on with marked general itnand finally driven from civilizathe things which gold could buy.

provement, though with certain tion. The needs of the day were The ox team had been the means of

everrecurring problems. so engrossing that young and old transportation for their parents,

Parents of today undoubtedly but now the children were driving feel that their problems are disABRIGHAMHITHERTOYOUNGUNPUBLISHEDAND HIS WIFE,PHOTOGRAPHMARGARETOF spirited horses with buckboards and tinctly different and more complex PIERCE. buggies. Children would naturthan were those experienced ally clamor for "their

in any former age. Today rights"and resent the imhas the telephone, the autoplication that they must all

mobile, the radio, and the be as sober and religious as "movie,"to name but a were their parents. Life

few of the many modern was easier for them—why

devices of socalled civilizashould they be so serious tion which children take about it?

for granted from infancy Our interest centers in and which were unknown the query: How did the

and almost undreamed of people of that day meet in the days of their grandthis challenge?—for meet

parents. One must admit it they did, as their descendthat a childhood spent in ants may testify. Possibly

steamheated homes with their methods and prinbuzzing radios to accomciples may throw some pany daily tasks is quite light on the problems of different from that of their today.

grandparents, who slept in To answer this query

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935

we shall review briefly the expressire for youth to be well prepared sions and experiences of Brigham to meet all the issues of life with

Young toward the Youth Moveintelligence, he encouraged the ment"of his day. As leader of the establishment of common schools

Pioneers, he was able to lead the throughout the territory and later youth of Israel as well as he led established two institutions of their parents, because he understood higher learning, the Brigham the needs of youth and provided Young Academy, at Provo, and the righteous means for acceding to Brigham Young College at Logan. Brigham Young, the

their worthy demands. These were to care for the building man of action and

of character and feeding the souls the lover of youth.

Preparation of Youth of their students as well as to

TLTE held that the preparation of develop their minds and bodies.

youth for maturity is a paraHis record as an educator of youth mount issue of life and sensed that is clear.

the responsibility of parenthood is almost the most important duty in The Demands of Youth life. He taught that this preparaThese demands are fairly contion must begin and end by imstant for every age and may be

planting within the souls of chilsummarized thus: (1) Freedom to

dren a love of God, a desire to live think for self; (2) to act for self;

His earth laws, and an equal desire (3) to seek adventure; (4) to ento serve their fellowmen by helping them firstclass key to the

to do likewise. He situation. Let him

presented in fact a tell of his own experithree-fold program of ences;

youth preparation to I was young, "When kept withininclude first, the for- I was mation of correct 'f strict bounds, and was verynot ideals of conduct; allowed to walk more

second, education for than halfan-hour on Sunthe soul and hand as properday forand exercise.necessary gamThe

well as for the mind; bols of youth having been

and third, a chance denied me, makes me want for youth to gain exactive exercise and amuseperience for themmentchancenow.to danceI hadwhennot aI

selves in the joys of was young, and never righteous living. heard the enchanting tones

To foster the right of the violin until I was eleven years of age; and of educationkind and

I I then thought on was his greatto prove deSL I hell, if to the highway suffered myself to linger A PAINTING OF YOUNG'S PRESIDENT FAMILY it. listen to IN and ANN NAUVOO—MARY YOUNG, ANGELL—MOTHER

shall "I not subject my little children LOVINGLY CALLED. AS SHE WAS

to such a course of unnatural training, but they shall go to the dance, study music, joy the pleasures of life; (5) to read novels, and do anything else that will

seek social equality and advancetend to expand their frames, add fire to ment. their spirits, improve their minds, and make

The more serious minded youth andthem mind.feel freeLetandeverythinguntrammeledcomein inbodyits

may and should ask for preparation season, place everything in the place de-

A picture of Brigin the pursuit of their life work signed for it, and do everything in its right ham Young as a later on. If the youth of any age time."(J. D. 2:94.)

said man, yong to as a class are thwarted either in their This expresses in very essence the talcen been lave while on his mispreparation for life or their worthy crux of the Youth Movement of demands, England, sion to a warped humanity day, is our or any day. However,

1S39. to result. Occasionally bound an after this provision for the developindividual may survive a youth so ment of youthful freedom is made,

hampered and prove to be a beneyouth itself must make a decided factor to others through his own effort always to do right and shun unhappy experiences. Such was evil. Brigham hints at this conBrigham Young. stant struggle when he tells of one

of his own weaknesses. He was

Brigham's Preparation for never a selfrighteous man and

Youth Leadership never claimed to be free from faults

I-JIS own youth was well rememand shortcomings. On one occabered by him and gave him a tion he said; "I was brought up

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 19 3 5- ->-

as strictly as any child ever ought a stream a mile or two south from my condemn a Methodist? No, I would

the driver cross to evilAs was heart. about in despise him As to my... yet, home. regard morality;to to be, with

the stream President for if I will will speaking, saw that the Young say me do men the into world, I was I wentwhen the first time out: 'Brother he called and his keep will of and commandments God

addicted to swearing, through hearIsaac (his negro coachman), Brother Isaac, and do good, they may say what they ing others. I gave way to it, but stop. Pick up that child. He is almost please about me."(J. D. 6:331; 15:17;

I a was tucked under warm lap 7:228.) overcomeit was easily when my frozen.'robe, little dis- a and had when gone we to overwill decided andjudgment tance father asked your 'Are warm, you Such a man could really lead

come it."(J. D. 8:320.) my boy?'I answered 'Yes.'He said, youth or age.

Note how he emphasized the 'Be happy then for we are going to take a ride for long you and come when we evil every of overcomingmethod Pioneer Pleasures will at back land home.'your we youpractice: use of one's judgment asked He answered name, and when my

life is was hard, and will immostand he told OUGH father he loved had me how I my thepower—that

portant for young people to underand what a good man he was and he also stern realities were ever present stand. If one's will power is used told me to ask my mother to send me up for the people, yet they were taught

office his to in a that few months I might its their playnothing stand in and must have work way. may visit office that with him. to his I went When

place living. proper integral for kindness as complete Loving an

character bulwark is essential for Even in the journey across the all who would lead youth. Many plains this need was not neglected.

are the stories of Brigham's appreLeah D. Widtsoe In a letter to his friend Orson

ciation in dechildren, Spencer the general of England, and Brigham is a grandscribedkindness a as expressed Year's party given his heart of New to T EAHdaughterD. WIDTSOEof Brigham Young,

those who were weak or in trouble. the daughter of Aunt Susa Young at Winter Quarters:

One such is taken from a descripGates, and wife to Dr. John A. "The instrumental band was then called

tion of a presidential excursion Widtsoe, a member of the Council upon to perform, when its heavenly vibraparty as told by Solomon F. Kimof Mrs.the TwelveWidtsoe Apostles.has collaborated in accompaniedtions fell on bythethetenderSpiritnerveof God,of theand ear,the

ball and printed in volume 14 of writing a most interesting biography Saints shouted, 'Hosanna, Hosanna, Hosanthe "Era."of her illustrious grandfather. She na to God and the Lamb. Amen, amen,

"A mile or two farther, the companyhasand hadwriting,wide havingexperiencebeen inrearedresearchby andSmith.amen!'The ledconferenceby Brotherlasted Georgefour days.A.

a across old heavier gentleman an withcame excellent Gates, indeed best of the time, Mrs. had an one and on known We

his pullload over than could team a bad 1 of the the historians writers of I attended 6th January another and women place road. the President on Young Seventies, meeting, the the of convened Church. which by

a carriage, hisstepped out of and with it I a called Jubilee; they but told them

cried out, of his hand 'Comewave be considered on, could not a Jubilee spoken let's this outboys, help old farmer good Revelations, of in the for all bands were his troubles!'Inof a few moments chatted the he remembered with me and me not it a broken, and I called Jubilo—when his gentlemanold was on way again, that pleasantly, day to the day and from the Saints assembled spent the Saband

a smile playing countenance on hiswith treated utmost he his death of me with the bath in preaching and exhortation. And

off. President seen afarthat could be in interest a personal courtesy took and Tuesday, on Monday, Wednesday,

Young never passed anyone in trouble my welfare, and this naturally inspired me Thursday, we had preaching and teachingand without lending him a helping hand. He with a deep love for him."concerning the organization of companies

in great things, not big onlywas but was traveling for had we westward—then in small matters. remarkablea man music, recreations. other and love is an of fellowman children, extremely of fond was "He A REAL a blessed hearts had "We meeting—all to to ever give ready counsel wise wasand factor of all leaderimperative lifted were comforted and our up above

the the strong with andboth weak whom trials age. persecutions, ship, and and or went of whether youth home

in contact. a time hehe came Many in rejoicing benefits the privileges of and felt that there were Some who his tostopped inlong enough company the liberty of the Christ; Jesus Gospel of life later in narrow was little Brighamvestigate children's troubles, never and that I pray they and thereby stimbe may

failed to rejoicing. their send them all on way to of not hard were and who ulated the righteousness, to pursue path of

He generally carried some trinkets along his faith. Nothing could be farther and fill up the remainder of their days in

for this very purpose.with him One the kingdom of peace and haptruth. In this regard promoting the day from little spied playing marbleshe some boys earth."piness on the said: he once pebbles. his carriage stoppedwith and He

set a full marbles. genuine of gave them believe really imagine and Is "Some may desire not the rightevery of

in Indians the were long notEven I great disthat to majority am opposed of eous person earth today, on whetraits thiscovering the of noble kindreli- the the inhabitants the of theearth—to ther old, live or laid their in hearted to often young they and man, "a political parties of the but gious day; and

dealt troubles before him. with them He peace of happiness?"and I kingdom is so. as individuals, such, not To

as deal the did children, a he good with I doctrine preach is opposed. not all for goal establish The amit to worthy A their generally they admirwentand way is the individual to not an opposed upon such a condition in our mounown the 'Peup ing Bighum,'Cap'n man who it If earth. to I anything, opposed am tain live. or wherever talked ways."never home two we may is evil in to produces that which sin—to

I I believe the with that world. say may

A CLASSIC story of Brigham's perfect safety that I am as clear as the A Pioneer "FunHall"love of children is the one told starsto opposingthat shineany inmortalthe heavensbeing onwiththe regardearth, TN later life Brigham Young tells by our present Prophet and Leader, though many construe the opposing of about the building of the Social sins themselves. to into J. Grant, as he related it to their an oppositionHeber Hall. He said:

I feel to individual not any on opposed do mother:the writer's

"Brother E. D. Woollcy and myself I earth. the not have any enmity in my

"When I was about six years of age I heart, or at least I should not have. If I had some conversation on this subject, and

jumped on the back of his sleigh with the have, I am thus far wrong.".., he thought he would build a house to acintention of dropping off after riding a "Would I admire the conduct of a jurist commodate social gatherings, but could not

short distance and walking home. His on the bench who would decide for the at that time very well do it, so I built the

team went so fast I dared not do so, fearing Latterday Saint if he were guilty? If hall which is called the Social Hall. In

I would be seriously hurt. We came to he would justify a Latterday Saint and {Continued on age 382)

Shall Civilization ByGEORGE EMERY FELLOWS Progress?

Ph.D.. L.H.D., LL.D.

It is well to pause with Dr. Fellows and take a view of

Civilization as it has coursed like a river down through the we can imagine ourselves facitsIFing backward and looking at ages. By so doings we may be able in the future to give

the progress of the ages as we trends definite directions.

may at a rapidly rising tide or an advancing flood we can see the irregular forward moving line of [\TATIONS move in the direction civilization, irregular because of obin which the leaders draw structions and depressions just as them. When leaders are warlike

rocks and holes in the path of a the people are a warlike people, jflood make the advance of the but war is destructive and the triwaters in a zigzag line. umph of one group means the

We can see coming toward us downfall of another, hence ages individuals, tribes and peoples here must pass before the great mass can and there in advance of the mass be elevated to the level of civilized of beings in the same human form. progress, which can be attained

Why are they in advance? Because only during peace. When leaders

someone with inventive inspiration are artistically and esthetically inhas made an implement for the clined then we have a Renaissance better supplying of human needs and pictures and sculptures and or because tribes or peoples have by buildings remain to influence and united effort and concerted action inspire later generations. When

reared cities or drained swamps or through all the centuries from the navigated the waters, so this rising downfall of the wide and war extide of civilization has come onpanded Roman Empire individual ward through the centuries leaving nations devloped, it appeared to outstanding monuments here and each of the leaders in Europe that there, the architecture of Egypt, the DR. GEO. E. FELLOWS the goal of humanity was in the

philosophy and art of Greece, the eminence or preeminence of the government of Rome, and indifrom half way around the world particular nation to which he bevidual reputations of thinkers, and our eyes blinded with the glare longed and so in Europe by the artists, warriors, statesmen, inof moving pictures of an earth15th Century there were England, ventors, till this flood of the past quake in China. France, Spain and Portugal, and

has reached us and our times and We must face the facts and use later came Holland, Prussia, Powe find ourselves on the edge and all that the present gives us, drawland, Russia and the rest of them we must either turn our faces foring from experience of the past to till at the end of the 1 8th Century ward and move with the tide or be solve the problems of today. What all Europe was composed of selfoverwhelmed by onward moveis civilization? It is quite possible contained and ambitious states

ment of powers greater than our to have as many definitions as varying in size and importance own. there are thinkers on the subject, from a single city to a vast empire.

Individuals and peoples must but I will quote only from Guizot, To reach this point there were adapt themselves to the times in a Frenchman, the famous author needed conflicts in trade, in family which they find themselves and of the History of Civilization, and ambitions, in religious intolerance take part with the forward moveMathew Arnold, an English man and, lastly, clash of forces intelment or be left like the ruins of an of letters. The first—"Civilizalectual and physical over principles

ancient city or the fossils of extinct tion is in its general idea an imof government, monarchy and respecies to serve as materials for proved condition of man resulting public, out of which came the Nastudy by the more active minds of from the establishment of social poleonic domination and later future.the inthe individual place in order of collapse. there gathered the Now

It is useHere and now. we are the lawlessness of dependence and all rulers of triumphant Europe less regret to or times old any good is life. It or barbarous savage

settle in the first to the attempt life a past simpler and was when progress."susceptible continuous of

when we were not rushed day and Note last sentence, Mathew Arnold affairs of the world by conference agreement. The participants night, our ears filled with jazz—"What is civilization? It is and

litthe in Congress of Vienna had in society. the of humanizing man

elected before given Address newly tle laying they idea that were or no satisfaction the true of law of The to Phi 4, members 1934, Phi, June Kappa

University of Utah. human nature."a foundation for a later serious ef357

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935

fort to study the relations of people vernacular, whether there be in but one side or expression of civto government, of governments churches beautiful stained glass ilization. There is another, less

with each other, and of governwindows and other works of art, spectacular, which has been slowly ments to people. The half dozen or bare white walls, whether priests developing from before the time

European congresses between 1815 wear robes of one form or another of the religious, dynastic and naand 1919 were really for the puror none, whether church governtional conflicts. It was progresspose of advancing or retarding the ment be hierarchal or democratic, ing in the monastery schools, in

interests of one or more of the and within each of these factions the medieval universities, in nagroup participating. Meantime there were divisions and subdivis- tional and private schools, a spirit

each national unit was developing ions professing belief in philoof enlightenment, at times swayed in its own way largely by the cut sophical distinctions of creed which with religious fervor or nationalist and try method. The great majorneither they then nor we now can ambition, but surviving the disity followed the centralized monunderstand, and all these factions asters of all kinds and has now

archic principle, a very few tending fought bloody wars to save their found lodgment among all civiltoward democracy. Democratic own souls and to prevent their opized peoples. Whether nations are

principles, nevertheless, were ponents from doing the works of enemies or friends they all now spreading like leaven, as many rethe devil. In England the 16th have schools, and however biased

garded them, like poison by others Century was largely given to conat times, they are beginning to seek until at the collapse of the most flict between Catholic and Profor the foundations of civilization colossal of the military group in testant, the 17th Century to just and seeking they will find. They

1918 monarchies and principalities as bitter contests between Anglican will make use of all the externals crumbled like brick walls in an and Puritan, Puritan and Quaker referred to above to assist in deearthquake. Now the world and on the continent to strife of velopment of character and mormust be made over. Sundry exsimilar nature between similar soality. They may find ways to use

periments have been instituted and called religious divisions. All this the bases of religion without anthirty or more states have begun in the name of religion was extagonizing the sects. It is scarcely

a new life under written constituternal to individual life. longer ago than the childhood of

tioiis based largely on the forms Energies that were not exhausted men now living that leaders in which have been in operation for in Satanic schemes in the name of education began to sec its possi- 1 5 years in the United States, and Christian love were turned toward bilities. It was at first for certain

on the practices in England since commerce, we call it now; what classes, then for certain professions.

about the middle of the 19th Cenit really was then was piracy. The England, great in striking extury. But forms of government historic and picturesque voyage of ternals of civilization, commerce,

are not the solution of the human Sir Francis Drake around the manufacturing, government, made problems of peace, progress and world, as well as his later maritime no step toward education for all prosperity. Government anywhere expeditions were really plundering until 1870.

and everywhere it is is what in expeditions of barbarous and cruel TN our own country the stress ofquality and efficiency because the nature, but they not only enriched laid in interest in education waspeople it are live under who what and Bess him but his good Queen the for individuals preparation ofthey are in intelligence in charand they, together the channel with acter, whether in city, state or freebooters, laid the foundation for ministry, then law and medicine, later science vain and and much nation. is It the not of form govEngland's greatness sea. the on

all special rious vocations, with thaternment the contrast makes expressions Other of enhuman inreference to the of improvementbetween Russia and Switzerland, deavor in have been developing little dividuals, comparatively with between England Mexico. and forms in systems and government direct of relation the of thought sinceEver the American and French absolute limited and the the governto composite whole—monarchy,Revolutions effort much has been real tyrannical, and feeling nation. ment and—democracies, The exerted toward the development inventions in science industry, and to apseems quite generally have of ideal forms, little and but or printing, transportation land on peared that the working smooth none the toward units, the people air, sea in and and communication, its in of of government our many are essentialwho to the smooth in varied speed, forms so that and interfered parts being with was by working of the forms. point any the globe on be immay argreat recently the of numbers

accessible. mediately this All must foreigners, rived that only our and five past centuries'PHE contribube for It end. some for cannot be to safety in endeavoring be would tions to civilization have been the glorification of or nation one all instill in prospecthe of minds in the externals of life very human people another, above for that has tive citizens of a comprehension i. largely, e., to the material intried been all again and in again of familiarity our forms and with terests external to the individual, ages disaster. and always All with idea, very government. good This even in religion which unwe now of inventions in use modern were itself, is solution in a partial only derstand to be internal an matter for purpose of destruction in the our to in the educational problem to each individual. For than more recent unless there World and War country. longer can counany No centuries two instead of personal be of directing their some means its itself live solve try proband by

lives and character being seriously future use to constructive instead lems for itself alone. The easy

influenced by the religious agitaof destructive ends then civilization means of communication and of tions in Europe the people were will destroy its own hopes, as transportation have brought about agitated over forms of service, Medea killed her own children. commercial relations with every

whether they be in Latin or the But no. This is not, cannot be, (Continued on page 390)

The Challenge of Charm COEDS AND BRIDES By

all creating to man withYOUself seek and seek to lift yourin itself, but finding it in my heart into beauty, to say—after

perfection, his think KATIE C. JENSEN of woman He created beautifully, graciousto live

ly, to achieve nobly, to judge not to bring about the realization of said perfection. has that Someone dense, perfect its is all, like "Iat there then one and day grooming,—from an were that "perhaps finger tips women and shining to hair bright littlea "click,"heart your and

feet. eager high shod, well afterthought."swells with its like I rising this like believe I like He to that when generation,—Iarched, excitement—you'vea through, haspushed dream come cool indifference. friendliness—and pleased. greatly was made He man its in danger, itstrue, I levelheadedness like attained! have you

create to decided woman He Then difficulties, efficiency in after, ever bit a walk you "And its basic touches its it which daringto-do, I golden for a like few with confidently, sinpraymore more fineness. strength and If masterpiece. glorify His would * * *cerely edge closely to more its I rising this like generation,—with themgirls all understand could call slim strong, magic securely in both perheld charming we future the start to selves upon enough its lips high hope a smile and hands, on Cole.sonality."—Celiathe realilife its with an inner desire of to charmbe heart, highway in its young

The Believer Speaks ing and lovable. zation of their own power because

masterheritage! this God's

this rising generation. I like thisT LIKE lineage royal I like this rising generation."—Selected. ofpiece! more What'this lives. generation world in which

possessed. be girl greets you. of today You couldI it like the 'THE head way laughs—with

the of back making of His masterIn wide thrown and mouth full her understand not may teeth. wolfwhite added Father piece, our Heavenly thinks all like she that not may

I like the way and daintiit's built,—slender of winsomeness, touches the she things the of some as a supple willow wand, to bend and about—noryou lovableness. In ness, femininity, like not says to you. may You break. not to

it article previous was menitI like a you the the way clothes, bird her moves,—like her makeup—but

direct attigrace- swooping, certain, but and with begins that life tioned she is real. "She will admit that

ful withal. tudes. So does happiness, likewise before be boy mayI like the plainly, crazy—always way it talks,—distinctly, discharm. about clothes, fussy a mirror, chary and prodigal with of words

laughter. you but obedient moody"——

it is quite three are is yHERE about a there charm must admit"I generation way this rising useless and to run expectancy, inevitable girlhood, an and with a after—charm,things works,—matterof-factly,like the cars. street cannot One stretch of and at a pride. men proper ahead looks which

itI like it the is not because way after charm, is chase a lighted summer by that road plays,—wholeheartedly,

gaily, nice a fine appreciation the of with things. "chaseable"those is it of one broad the believes and moon every points of a really sport, with isn't outer It isn't straight life an leads of which all. highway spirit sporting thing—it a liking for and themI like the way; this rising generation dresses, and clean—without unhappy material. "Charm—riding hatless in the easy comfort of turns and unforeseen delays. Deemanates from a graciousis an aurapersonwhich

shirt, jodshpurs or open swimming effect is It based ality. upon an the lightful on girlhood—standing in street bathing clothes trim qualities. spiritual, andtogs—its or character the her of life, threshold as a clipper evening dress ship,—its effect, a deas as and not an invitingly And the to degree formal elegance of and arms to happiness—beextending

charm. lieving her dreams will come true. finable quality, it is indeed difficult

It be certainly cannot explain. to will is she is glad She like this rising"I a girl—she nonis needless after. It useless and run has She to be a woman. be proud chalance that eyelifts generation,—itsa politely bored

cars, beor street to run after men aj: reference to the brow "Golden Rule,"true faith in God—humanity—in the while it tucks a steadying behand be along cause any another may self.

neath Old Age's caught minute. embarrassed when OftenI like this rising wisdom

positively so, I find myself But charm can be developed poise the and itgeneration,—itsgainselbow.therewith, and I doing

like its delightful occasional descent into "staring"at girls and young through understanding of self and infantile ingenuousness. women. There is a fascination the little important laws of charm

I like leaves a picnic its canniness,—that that holds me spellbound because in posture, movement, speech,

its small ground immaculate, but strews belongings from attic to front door, at of the feeling they are the mastergrooming and dress. As children home, for those whose best love shows pieces of the Divine Creator. I we were poised—free—spontaneitself in service to pick up. stand amazed at the wonder of ous—ourselves. But when we

are to the in play started part they the world about and moving like this rising"I admire them generation,—I great of life. of us to in the drama most happened its something When standards, honesty, its overwhelming

its clean, wise mind in a clean, fit body, our Heavenly Father made the which made us selfconscious, its persistence, the created then stubborn, in world man. The timid, He moody—sensiit its takes which having for reason seems to have about the brought woman tive. What attained a measure of knocks—or,sportingsuccess, thespiritwholeheartedncss with which it extends the been that "it was not good for change doesn't matter especially

helping hand to the next fellow. man to be alone."Reason enough unless the knowing will bring

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE. 1935 >

about a remedy for these ills, but the selfish little boundaries of your Do you talk unkindly about the same powers of sweetness and personal world. people who are not present—or

qualities of lovableness are within The child fascinates and charms sarcastically to people who are?

us,crushed—onlyonly sleeping,waitingperhapsfor a uslittleto usness.because of its unselfconscious- personSuchofqualitiesgreat physicalwill makecharmevenun-a

give them a place in our lives. popular. Personal popularity is

When a little girl, I used to play THE orator who loses himself in due largely to interest in people and in my grandmother's flower garden. the magic of his words strikes their affairs—a liking for one's

It was an old fashioned garden the "divine spark"and sweeps us fellow human beings and a warm with pinks, blue bells, tiger lilies, away by his eloquence. We no sympathy with them.

yellow roses, phlox, columbines. longer see him; we hear only what "I think that the greatest charmIn many shady places there were he is saying. er is the one who does not think

roots of "old man"and near the The musician who cannot forget of herself,"says Marie, Queen offront and back gates were gay self takes something beautiful away Rumania—"the one whose interest

bachelor buttons galore. Grandfrom his playing; and the writer in others is greater than her selfmother said she planted them at the who is never lifted out of the shell absorption, the one who in spite of

gateways to guard the garden. But of his own personality is never a herself fascinates because, without

there was one beautiful rose—the genius. knowing it, she is all the time givmoss rose. To my little girlish It is when we forget ourselves ing, giving of her best self."

fancy its perfume was the sweetest, that we do the really worthwhile In a recent survey of one hunits pink the pinkest, its leaves the and interesting things. It is when dred and three young women and

greenest. It fascinated me but we forget ourselves that we find girls, I found over onethird of

there were so many ugly, prickly beauty everywhere around us; that them wanting to know how to be

thorns on its stem that I rarely inwe see charm in the most commoncharming enough to be popular.

cluded people; that happy it in my bouquet for the place we feel Popular with young and old—richdinner table. ease in and at of our the company and poor, and women. One men

Are you a rose with thorns upon fellow beings. definition for the word popular is

your stem? How many of you Forget about yourself I "loved""followed""sought

girls are hiding your perfume, your One girl of nineteen said, "When after."A perfectly righteous dedelightful coloring, your charming I blush I am self conscious. Tell sire. What young girl doesn't

personality because of some silly me how to avoid blushing."How have in her heart the desire to be

ladies dear the of a generation ago innercomplex is only an which many, and needed—loved—by a easily. envied blushed girl who areimaginary thing? after. probsought You

ably the only one conscious of it. But now, is it an indication of selfWith a realization of the fact that consciousness? Girls dread it—they THER questions coming out of

youth with all of its promise, has actually despise it. What causes the group were:

tragedies that age cannot (perhaps one to blush readily? Some medHow can I be what is known as

will not) understand, I still feel ical men admit it is a mental thing a good mixer?we all take ourselves too seriously.—"It is an outward indication of How can I make more friends?

Our work seriously? Yes. But emotion of fear, timidity, or selfHow can I make boys like me?

life, friends, play, ourselves, should consciousness."Nevertheless, I love How can I overcome selfcon-

be placed upon a level of intelligent blushing girls. sciousness? I am afraid of myself.

understanding and then made the How can I develop self control most of. (HARM is individuality. It is and conquer impatience?

The girl who Is "so sensitive"is being natural, if you are sure How can I overcome timidity?

probably selfcentered and reads the natural you, is the you, you Is it possible to be too idealistic herself into everything that is said would like to be. about boy friends?

and done. This brings about exIt is not safe to imitate or copy How can I have more boytreme selfconsciousness. Selfcon- someone else—a friend for exfriends?

scious people rarely display their ample, or a movie star. It is fatal How can I be more at ease

real charm. Selfconsciousness, a to a charming personality. By around people?

thorn upon the stem, can be overall means study the charm of How can I control temper?

come. It will only grow in strength others, observe and appraise all the How can I make boys like me

as we encourage it. With a little small details of personal attractivebetter at first meeting?

bestpatience perseverance, this and can I be a leader among How ness—but be yourself—your self. friends? can be overcome.enemy of charm my

"Be yourself"self. Forget yourself Throw you—have you ever

into interests. other is the anyone That to have—butis a finesupposesloganyourfor askedHowtheseaboutquestions?

first step in overcoming your selfself is not a very nice person?

consciousness. The less you think Do you pride yourself on speakBrides

about yourself, the less conscious of ing the truth to your friends it nnHERE is something about that self you will be. needlessly—no matter how

And there is only one sure way hurts? word that makes me just want

to forget about yourself. Think Do you try to dominate every to whisper it. It is one of those

nice words like spring, promise,more of others. Take a keener and conversation—showing people how

more sincere interest in people. Send much smarter and wittier you are loveliness, symphony, happiness,

your thoughts abroad, far beyond than they? home, beauty. They all have an

- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 1935

in the latest style. Threeeffect upon the inner senses that love dearly. If love is anything, soft—all

makes one better. For young or it is everything. Over life and years later I called on her and she

old, the bride and her preparations death we have no control, but it is laughingly told of her boxes of for a new life, has a decided interest our glorious privilege to choose our useless things. But brides of toand lure. We partake of the spirit own mate and the way in which day are practical, yet with appreciaof romance if we are alive to the we will marry him. It is a part tion for the lovely. With simjoys of living and feel it a great of charm to be wise. Charming plicity as a taste as a guide—goodas a means, thehonor and privilege to serve the girls choose wisely. motive, a budget

happy couple. One bridge asks, "If we have just bride who plans her trousseau with

But a word to you who are so much money, should we have the following items in mind cannot about to enter into this new life. a honeymoon or a wedding recepgo astray:

For it is just that. There will be tion?"Why not both, little lady? 1. Where will I live? Cottage

new problems, new adjustments, A reception, simple, inexpensive, or apartment? City or rural disnew likes and dislikes, economics, informal is very fitting right now. trict?

greater challenge for charm. It is to be paid for by the bride. 2. In what social circle will I

Three important rules are: In fact the happy thing to do is move? Religious groups, clubs,

1. Smile. to please those most concerned and evening parties?

2. Smile again. let others adjust to your plans. It 3. What will be the amount of

3. Keep smiling. is your wedding and happiness. A the household budget?

Look glad and you'll be glad. reception for those who are nearest To be very sane about this hapis to only to the the adventure you. way own py are "passe."brides HaveT'IRED home—your dethe a real happiness. reason or only near find With Inrelative—the a ever wedding attended you all is into for going to a reception avoid conto termination make a bride the was "lovely"where budget. the Pretense, living happier. cerned within debt, numerlove- instead? bride Does"tired"

gifts, meal a simple overdone, to able formality unous make Being liness and happiness wane under necessary display should be left to taste like a banquet because it is the weight of weariness and worry? the superficial. Sincerity, love, well prepared, a flower in the center

Are tired people charming? I once simplicity should govern the wedof the inviting table, a charming Pages wedding. aattended smart

little across sitting from necessary, a femininity ding. bit not of While relatives line of a door,at long the desire? a can a the of more wedding in touch man form him—what lilies, ferns, dress,all evening in does sends reception, breakfast, groom the or party by And way—the flowers, screen of a behindmusic thing. existence this single But a her bride into of wedding out come

little flower lilting laughter,people, is the told as just a by he does a with memory. he happy And colors ingirls, bridesmaids rainbow

It all be. has an that means. powers He honeymoon—by standing bride the of mother that—the for for with a task compared be be easy may may day—it in line her and but mindnervously is best the a best be the around man man. of The may month—it the dining inheart room—the goes little that village everything the for or next to world to blame

ill at little frightened a andgroom is if see everything take that don't to but honeyyou your and wrong lace inease, bride white the and bride for the married, are right. Flowers you goes you when moon but satin anything had creamyand see the will. are girls never All groom about to maids, me and

her. about look blossom orangean he the saying, forget our taken doesn't "I wish had we thatring—that indiff'erent, tired, comShe was forgotten seriis hasn't Life becomes honeymoon. and "groomed"

afthepletely whole "fed on up"reis is even vest. tie so expense ous or quickly."his This He limp in a extendedfair. hand Her expression on the for the the groom. assumed sponsible by

as she colorlessgesture, voice her the face. when Only groom's trousseaus elaborate necesof guests. All because hergreeted ARE the into disappear couple happy

teas, social parties, apagain. sary? Simplicityso many the does after the wedding, And darkness

the pretty she things ended yourpointments. made by own And fall a heap, in relax best and man heart are out hands. her only your dreams weepingevening by They a be his feeling wedding may own

stitches tiny in being into shoulder. her mother'son How this. with compared joke

if linen sheI love Post could Emily—woven to is the knowing how Charm undies—pillows—dainty in Blue her write only things—-butwould simplicity—enough beaueasily, properly and things do

is taste bride things a to for smoothly "It go along and poorBook:

tifully. for at least one to be a not happily but in public enoughto be seen Make the wedding a charming a trousseau attended or burden. before I once her wedding,"week

event. something to that effect. It isn't tea where the brideto-be displayed

Russell Lowell James When trousseau.fair elaborate to a bride for to be an had She anyone

is rare so inquired, fondly "What stacks worried. of pinkweary, and worn undies—lovely probas a in he was June?"day is girl bride the charming The the smiles and of the thinking ably start the to wishes on new iswho allim- charm? That WHAT of tenderness charm and and safest route. thejourney by To question portant asked by tears day. the wedding for structure the wellbuild the lesser girls of hundreds and a numpersonality probmany We have for lifefuture and ber of has men, this who woman years—marriage is yours? lems. may You Whatall of eternity is the "privilege"the been teaching time for some charm

in questions, unsigned, which send inLatterday Saint series in this of articles. girl—marriage articles, future in discussed will be place, sacredthe most pioneer month temple—the will answermonth—the sacred marriedfor and single,"of covenants, this most "Women, fashioned charm. Next—old topic July. for the to willto belong be someone you whom

ByR Romance of DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON CitiesTwo CHAPTER 7 once. When she did she faced ately. Invisible hands were pullBithna bravely, ing her from the floor and she could

throat. "I am so unhappy."feel—oh something at her

her over nausea swept of Bithna broke wave into sudden A City of LchiNe- HE she desperate for laughter. crackling moment one and

lay sleeping,Tphi lost alike present to or die. scream she all? must thought "Is that com- A common prospective andwoes joys. Only lips hard. bit plaint her I assure thee."Sheoccasionally the silence was broken whistling lips the Zena's quivered. and Then—by soft soughing feet of sandaled curtains ceased. seven The "But in days I wed the shriekingstealing quietly building from fire leaped limp. to Lamanite."The hung

building; and though these several "That I know, too."cheerily into a miniature blaze.

pairs of feet did not accompany "Bithna,"she cried desperately, Zena drew a long quivering breath, other,each curiously they hastened as if continuing a statement it then, help. have nearer "I must The

in the direction. same said positively: it."comes, the I shrink more from

In her wretched the hovel by cried the "Nonsense,""Still, there is no God save witch unwall,back Bithna sat mumbling feelingly, Is art he Jehovah."mad. "Thouwordless incantations fire into the

all not wealthy? powerful and her.before Often her lean hand

all not give thee Can he things?"J iONG, long momentsbrought from floor the shadowy

a phial whose evil smelling potion "All things save one;"the unthe witch gazed into the fire. When

called from their secret places the happy girl's head drooped. "Withshe turned, her piercing eyes burned

power that gave them being. It out that one I shall surely die,"through the girl's.

had been a busy night and many Many minutes Bithna, with "Return now to thine own,"shephials and concoctions hid in the maddening unconcern, busied hercommanded, "and—do not hope

semidarkness of the floor close beself. Then when the silence had too much. Bithna will see."

side her. become unbearable to the girl, With a peremptory wave of her

Without visible motion, she was Bithna broke it. hand the maiden was dismissed.

suddenly alert. Her uncanny ear "And why dost thou come It was past the midnight hour

had caught the soft footfalls that here?"and two more clients had come and

paused at her threshold. Pulling Falteringly the answer came: gone when the sharp ears of the

aside the partition curtain of she called the sound caught again witch "Thou hast great influence withthrough it; called supplicant. She approaching so quietly an one the Lamanite."

would have thought her beside the listened intently, then her puzzled listener. Bithna chuckled. expression gave way to a knowing

"Leave thy servant at the thresh- "Mayhaps the Lamanite pays a smile. She chuckled lightly.

old and enter. Fair One."larger price for the influence of my At her command a man, shroud-

A moment and Zena, enveloped gods."ed to the eyes in a dark cloak

in black, stood at the entrance to "I pay thee nothing,"came the entered and looked down at her the inner room. When her eyes quick retort, "and I wish nothing from his great height. At her mowere accustomed to the strange half of thy gods. There be no God tion, he dropped gingerly upon the

light, she sank upon a cushion save Jehovah."cushion. The witch's attention

placed conveniently near. Bithna's Bithna did not answer; instead was entirely upon the crystals she

crooning and stirrings and openings she began a low throaty chanting. held. Peering through one and

of phials went on as before. Her hand passed and repassed over then the other into the fire and

For many minutes the girl the fire. The room became sudthrowing ever and again a bit of

watched in silence, then a flood of denly tense. From its four corners powder on the flame she made it

quiet sobs racked her. a wind sprang full born and with die down or leap with multi-

"A-ho,"the hag exclaimed, a sibilant whistle milled savagely colored brilliancy.

"'Tis Sela, the Weeper, that comes. above the fire. The curtains swayed The figure grew restless. His

Me thought it was the daughter of drunkenly. The fire died down eyes followed the witch's every

Jared."and ghostly figures careened wildly movement, and when the flame

about in the maelstrom above the burned brightly, noted the hugeIhE thrust fell flat; feebly glowing coals. Voices from ness of the room and the rows of

the weeping continued though sub- a thousand invisible throats rushed phials and concoctions; but not

dued, and when there were signs crazily at each other and missing until his patience was exhausted of a lull the witch asked: struck the whistling of the wind and he would have risen, did the

"And what wouldst thou have and raised it to a shrieking, screamwitch acknowledge his presence.

of me?"ing bedlam. Putting aside the crystal, she held,

The Maid did not answer at Zena clutched her pillow despershe asked abruptly:

.

THE I M PRO VEM ENT ER A, JUNE, 1935

"What brings thee here? Mat- "Behold, David, son of Joseph, David again cried impatiently,

ters of State?"thy future is before me. What "Haste thee. Old Witch, I await

The man shook his head viowoulds't thou?"my answer."

lently. At his name, David sprang inShe ceased her crooning and

"No? Then it can be but the gloriously to his feet; but her dry looked keenly at him.

other."held out She her hand flight. his chuckle checked sank voice He

,"demanded:and "Gold."a great sigh escaped him. back and slowly—"The piece bright into dropped was A dishast pierced "Since for thy of thegods—gods'tisspeakthy thou "A fig my

ither studied palm. She tell I seek."for help with guise me—is there no hopecurling held out her lips and palm Again the witch crooned and me?"

again and again. The witch was slow to answer. gazed. Her voice grew thinner and

WiITH the third coin gan."The maid is betrothed,"she beahighergreatuntildistantit seemedmountainto comeheight.from

the man folded his arms decisively. "Thinkest thou I am a dolt?"From there it leaped astonishingly

With no indication of having seen, he interrupted angrily. from peak to peak hurtling and

Bithna in a high thin voice began "The Lamanite is strong and careening and tumbling at length an incantation that rose and fell. powerful, and will brook no ininto the valley again. When its

She crouched over the fire with its terference."last strident note had died, a voice

alternately changing glow and "That I know, too."After that, to another less valiant, would

gazed fixedly at it through one of another nervewracking delay have been terrifying, whispered:

her many crystals. "There is a way

desiredWhen the must find perspective ob-—thou wasviously found she It—David snorted.

dropped to the floor "For that I have and her voice was paid thee. Make

startling matterof- (Continued on fact. page 380)

26 Stakes Achieve Their Goal The One Hundred Per Cent Directors

Percentage of Quota 21. Zion Park 102.3

Prize 22. Deseret 102.2 JUAREZ STAKE—GRAND

Stake % of Quota Award 23. Uintah 101.1 CHAMPION

1. Juarez 201.1...$50.00 24. Ogden 101 201.1 Per Cent of

2. Snowflake 158.8-- 45.00 25. Young 101 Quota

3. Union 157.2---- 40.00 26. Burley 100 LaviniaHenry A.Jacobson,Whetten,

4. Los Angeles155.6—- 35.00

5. Idaho Falls -150.- 30.00 splendid achievement for any A 6. Big 145.9.- 25.00 INStakea campaignto 201.1whichper tookcent Juarezof its Hornstake, is in Republic and Directors.mJuarez

7. Moapa 144.5-—20.00 quota, the highest ever attained of Mexico.

8. Lyman 143.6-- 15.00 by any stake in the history of the

9. Montpelier -131.7—10.00 magazine, and Los Angeles Stake

10. Curlew 131.2—5.00 to the grand total of 1,009 subdue, the management of the Era

scriptions, 155.6 per cent of its sent to the field for photographs

Stake % of Quota quota, the largest number of subof those who have worked so 11. Maricopa 127.4 scriptions ever to be secured in any arduously in completing this splen12. Lethbridge 125 one stake, in the history of the

13. Twin Falls 123.1 magazine, twentysix stakes went

1 4. Franklin 1 1 0. over the top. STAKE "ERA"THEIRDIRECTORSQUOTAWHO REACHED

15. Pocatello 109.4 This is high water mark so far Full length: Henry A. Whetten, Colonia

16. San Luis 108.7 as the Era is concerned since 1929, Juarez, Grand Champion in quota contest.

row: Martin D. Bushman Snowflake17. Bear Lake 108 the year the two magazines "marStake.Top

18. Star Valley 107 ried"and pooled their subscripSecond row, left to right: Vilda Fillerup,

19. Fremont 104.4 tions. Snowflake Stake; Chas. W. Ragsdale, Annie

20. St. Joseph 102.7 The results of this campaign, BlackMrs. Reed(LaGrande,Scott, IdahoOregon),Falls Stake;Union ThomasStake;

many believe, reveal a B. Croft, Big Horn Stake.

left Houston, to right: Frieda row marked increase in the Third

Essie Blackner, Stake; Big Horn Lyman interest in the magazine Kate Buhler, Montpelier Stake; Dan A. Stake;Hick*

as well as splendid copaman, stake.Curlew Stake; Douglas H. Driggs, Mariwork on the parts of Fourth row, left to right: John H. F.

the Era directors, both TwinGfeen FallsLethbridgeStake; Stake;George AliceL. Stanger,J. Richins,Ida

stake and ward. Lewis, Franklin Stake; A. G. Smith, EInora

Woodland, Pocatello Stake; 0. W. Gylling,

San Luis Stake.

in "Era"Campaign100% or More Are Pictured Or 'Named On These Pages

photographs of all those who reHighest Number of Subscriptions

LOS ANGELES STAKEsponded in time to be included. Total Prize

GRAND CHAMPION The highest praise goes to these Stake Subs. Award

1,009 Subscriptions people who would not close their 1. Los Angeles 1,009 $50.00

155.6 Per Cent of work until the goal had been reach- 2. Idaho Falls - 820 45.00

Quota and 3. Liberty 779... 40.00 appreciative ed, but and warm Place

716.-. Ogden 35.00 goes also to have so 4. all who Eleanor Fourth 85 praise Bean,

J. A. P. Jensen, freely given their time and their 5. Salt Lake. 615. 30.00

Directors. efforts to this great cause. The Eta 6. Pocatello 542 - 25.00

It is a great achievement for a Committee is aware of the fact that 7. Fremont 537 20.00

large stake to win the prize for many of those who have not 8. Maricopa 525 15.00

well numbers as 9. Ensign 523. 10.00 goal the as fourth place reached have long worked for quota.

10. Hollywood 5.00 513 are gratethat and hard. they For

ful. did assignment for the Church. They are, however, eager to have

On these two pages appear the The Improvement Eta placed in as The Era Progratn at June many of the homes of the LatterConference STAKE "ERA"DIRECTORS WHO REACHED day Saints as is possible.

THEIR QUOTA Two larger ones at right: Eleanor Bean, J, Of course, all workers know that QEORGE Q. MORRIS, general

Jensen, P. Los A. Angeles Stake—Grand Chamall subscriptions taken subsequent manager of The Improvement in pions Contest. Number

left row, right: Marcella to Top Crowther; will Era, is hopeful to April large that a count upon 15, 1935, number

Luis Stake; San Iretta Alfred Howell, W. of stake quota. 193536 directors comand ward Some Era Passey, Carl Bobinson, Stake; Bear Lake Star the

Carl Stake; Johnson, Valley J. Fremont Stake. their are mittees prosfollowing will up attend the convention. June

left right: Second row, to Vivian Ricks,

pects as even they have them now Stake; Fremont Wilford Thompson, Addie has at committees had for He work

Naegle, Billings, Zion Stake; Park Anna W. all listed are their cards on which

Stake; Deseret Perry, Leonard Stake. Uintah a time long preparing a program

office, free furnished the Eta by left right: row, Perry, to UinThird Beulah

is designed which the to honor Stake; tah ling, Lawrence A. Young, Mary Ed Era and expirations occur. when know

J. Stake; Ogden Burn- E. Huffman, Lucy S. directors assist to in and their them ham, Stake; Jepson, Young Stake; Burley Anna directors, both Eta and ward T. Pickett, Stake. Roy Fall Idaho

"ERA"DIRECTORS WHOSE PICTURES ARE stake, will be especially honored at work during the coming year.

UNAVAILABLE Lavina Jackson, Colonia Juarez; Roy Pickett, June conference where a specially

Idaho Falls Stake; Jesse Whipple, Inez Gibson, prepared Eta program will be

Stake; S. 0. Stake; Jarman, Moapa Lyman Ray given. Nixon, Montpelier MariStake; Bond, Naomi

Stake; copa Merrill, Mrs. Ivy S. Olpin, Daunt

Irvin Joseph Stake; St. Stake. 503 wards teached theit quotas Burley Morgan, by Aptil 15—a new record.

Dr. Frdnklin L. West

Second Assistant Superintendent Y. M. M. L A.

JR. FRANKLIN L. WEST, For a number of years he has

who was sustained during been leader of a Sunday School the annual conference in April Class in the Logan L. D. S. Inas second assistant to A. E. stitute where he has been popuBowen, general superintendent lar with college students who

of the General Board of the have elected attendance at that

Young Men's Mutual ImSunday School as one of their provement Association, is well most important Sunday conknown to nearly all of the tacts with the Church.

readers of this magazine, havOn account of his ability in ing been closely identified with the field of education. Dr. West

the Church during his entire has also received the appointlife. ment of assistant Commis-

A son of Joseph and Josesioner of Education of the phine Richards West, Dr. West Church to assist Dr. John A.

has been reared in the organiWidtsoe in directing the educazations of the Church. Espetional policies of the Church all

cially should he be well acalong the line from Brigham quainted with the spirit and Young University down to the the ideals of the Mutual Imlatest organized seminary.

provement Associations, for the At the conclusion of this reason that his father helped school year. Dr. West will

organize the Mutual in Ogden Second AssistantDR. FRANKLINGeneral SuperintendentL. WEST of the move his family to Salt Lake

and served as an assistant to the Y. M. IVI. I.EducationA. and ofAssistantthe Church.Commissioner of City and will devote his entire

general superintendent of the time to the supervision of L. D.

organizations from 1885 to 1892 S. education and his Mutual Improvement work.

He was born February 1, 1885, in Ogden, He has resigned from the faculty of Utah State

Utah, and received his early education from the Agricultural College where his work has been of a schools of that city. In 1904 he was graduated high order during more than a quarter of a cenfrom the Utah Agricultural college with the detury

gree of Bachelor of Science. He studied at StanAn article more fully introducing Dr. West will

ford University for one year and then matricuappear in this magazine in the near future.

lated at the University of Chicago which had institution fellowship. granted That him a

of Philosbe- June Conference and the the degree of Doctor stowed upon him the interim between in 1911. In ophy his Educational Meets College Agricultural graduation from the Utah

and the University of Chicago, he taught physics "PHIS year innovations in the regular procedure at Brigham Young University, at the Utah Agriof June Conference will be tried in what have cultural College, and at the University of Chicago. been called Educational Meets. These programs

Dr. West joined the faculty of the Utah Agriare intended for those who have achieved in the

cultural College in 1907 and has been connected various appreciation courses and are designed both with that institution ever since as head of the to entertain and enlighten.

physics department, dean of the school of general The General Board has been divided into comscience and dean of the Faculty. mittees whose task it has become to arrange proHe is author of a biography of his grandfather grams for these meets which will be held on Friday

Franklin D. Richards and of a number of scientific morning and Friday afternoon. These are to take

bulletins and papers. the places of the contests which have been held

A quiet, unassuming, genuine man, a thorough in former years as contests have not been conscholar, a splendid teacher, a gifted executive, Dr. ducted during the past M. I. A. season. Members

West brings to his new position many of the qualof the General Board are hopeful that this new ities that go to make up an ideal counselor. Ever scheme of motivating work will have all of the

interested in young people and their problems, advantages with none of the disadvantages and he has always maintained a youthful point of disappointments of contest events.

view which will enable him to get close to the Those who have achieved are to bring their members of the Mutual Improvement Associachievement cards with them as they will be used ations. to admit them to these various courses.

.366 it careful at all will times ready guidance be and to a as cooperate to give the in such subNew Officials of way scribers a constantly improving periodical.The Improvement Era

LDER JOHN A. WIDTSOE. a member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, has been President Grant

active editor ofappointed The Improvement associated President Heber J. Addresses the Nations withEra to be

Grant, who, for many years, has been the editor "PHE message of the Church of Jesus Christ of of the magazine. Elder Widtsoe, according to Latterday Saints to the world is that God

present arrangements, will assume the active edilives, that Jesus Christ is His Son, and that They torial direction of the magazine. appeared to the boy Joseph Smith and promised

Associated with him will be Harrison R. Merhim that he should be an instrument in the hands

rill, a member of the General Board of the Young of the Lord in restoring the true Gospel to the

Men's Mutual Improvement Association, and world."

Elsie Talmage Brandley, a member of the GenSpeaking to a greater audience than had ever eral Board of the Young Women's Mutual Imbefore heard his voice in his long ministry of over provement Association. 52 years, President Heber J. Grant, gave the

George Q. Morris, first assistant general superinabove message to millions of listeners In the United

tendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement States and Canada, in a fifteen minute radio adAssociation, was named as the general manager, to dress May 12 over the Columbia Broadcasting succeed Elder Melvin J. Ballard who was released System network. The occasion was the first

from that position in order that he might devote "Church of the Air"program to originate over his time more fully to his calling as a member of the network from Salt Lake City, and was rethe council of the Twelve. Miss Clarissa A. leased in the nation and Canada by 68 stations.

Beeslcy, second counselor in the Presidency of the Before giving this message of the Church to the

Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associanation. President Grant declared, "What the

tion, was retained in her position which she held world needs today more than anything else is an during Elder Ballard's incumbency, that of assoimplicit faith in God, our Father and in Jesus ciate manager. Christ, His Son, as the Redeemer of the World."

This new arrangement will undoubtedly add to President Grant introduced his listeners to the influence of the magazine. Elder Widtsoe Mormonism by quoting each of the Thirteen

comes to his new position with a vast experience Articles of Faith of the Church, and making a behind him which will be reflected in the pages brief comment following each.

of the periodical.

Ever since his graduation from Harvard UniPresident Grant declared further: "Unless

versity in 1894 he has been deeply interested in Joseph Smith was in fact and in very deed a publications and has written and had published prophet of the living God, the whole structure a number of books which have been widely read, of socalled Mormonism falls; but with us it is

some of them used as text books, and almost not a matter of belief. Latterday Saints have

countless scientific papers, booklets, tracts, lesson individually, almost without exception, been given guides, and magazine articles. During his presitestimonies of the divine mission of the Prophet

dency of the European Mission he was editor of Joseph Smith."

The Millennial Star and took a deep interest in the publications of England and Europe. "We believe that all men are bound to sustain

With Dr. Widtsoe to guide the destiny of the and uphold the respective governments in which

magazine it will undoubtedly become an increasthey reside, while protected in their inherent and ingly influential publication, and President inalienable rights by the laws, of such governGrant, who has always had the keenest interest in ments, and that sedition and rebellion are unthe magazine's welfare, will be able in the counbecoming every citizen thus protected, and should cils of the general authorities to give more and be punished accordingly."

more guidance to the periodical.

George Q. Morris, who has already assumed At the conclusion. President Grant told of the

the general managership, is well known in busiopportunity that had been his to bear his testiness circles in Salt Lake City. For a number of mony to the truthfulness of the Gospel message,

years he has been president and manager of Elias "that our Heavenly Father and His beloved Son

Morris and Sons Company, dealers in all kinds of have again spoken from the heavens; that the

tile, gravestones, and monuments. Elder Morris Gospel of our Redeemer has been restored to the

is a careful, methodical business executive and in earth and to bear witness that I know that God addition has the welfare of the Latterday Saint lives, that I know that Jesus is the Christ, the people, as well as that of all others, at heart. UnSon of the living God, and the Redeemer of mander his management the magazine ought to grow kind, and that I know that Joseph Smith was the

in strength and service. instrument in the hands of the Lord in restoring

Miss Beesley's work is well known to those the everlasting Gospel."

closely connected with the magazine. In the Extracts from a report of the speech which appeared in "The

future, as in the past, she will undoubtedly give Deseret News,"May 13, 1935

tlj xtth a nm scttg; tl iStttg unt0

PFAo Walks With 'Dreams Any Father to His Boy

By Edgar Daniel Kramer By Herbert H. McKusick Jffor IH0 ijatlj hxim mantel

ntri ttotap n fogful Mukt is ever walks dreams with ri tt ianii naisif unit eyes the of other menWHOWithin Mnki fey TTPThefromwaterthe bottom'slily growsmud and slime a twisted stem, in fairies play. to see the blind from AndToo time, Bmg, unto llje HcrJt tuttlj rose. a fragrant There blooms through the glen. moonlight wanders Where

Their little wisdom heaps its mirth Yet with the answer I am mute

Upon the lad who walks with dreams, To this, the strangest one: Hittj trumpets unh mnnl

Because he hears God in the earth That from this gnarled, unlovely root

And understands the tumbling streams. Should spring so fine a son.

Ut tl| &m xauvlvinhThey sneer because he scorns their dross %

To talk with flowers, birds and trees; lj0 ui0rl& attJi tljg tlyat

They give the hemlock and the cross Imitation

To Jesus and to Socrates.

By Claire S. Bayer Ct tlyr IjtUfi hi;ogfl toAnd yet, when he has journeyed far

the realms the Into dawn, beyond candlelighter's gone. has time THE a star guidingLo, becomes he twilight earth's shine to sought make He

lead gone. has whither he them To perplexities; Beyond its own

His hope is mine. Exit

I would set candle thought along By E. Sibyl Wood Our Host days; ledge of dusky window The is playing. the music go while WOULD look heaven and must down smile I is McCarthy, How the complete; e'er By Gertrude song leave I would ways! At human fraying the harmony Lest somewhere

"VKTE want,"they shriek to the earth with Might shatter the melody sweet.

* "hands Outstretched, as if earth understands; The Piano Tuner

forget, claiming while theyAnd heed, By Clarence Edwin Flynn Request his need. arc greater than wants Man's

Christemen H. six By Alberta so he comes, or months "pVERY cry they anguished tone us,"in "Give -'—tries jangled strings the swiftly And die."brother "Give man. lest weTo stay too long, Sweet do not; T PRAY you softly piano thrums 'our Of

-'Spring, it sings presently keys; and The give can little But man to man

I winter that come at all, forget.. Lest again. In harmony About live. which makes Of that men truly

all I earth whisperings to asleep different am the day. house The how

fall. petals all out, When the discord taken as Host, must we care With With why God

the harshness done away! And all full, bare? be or cold If barns and of your throat. Sweet half the singing Mute

Spring, heart. the is a of Tuner will There our need, and surely knows He all at hearing frail ear so brimmed tries the strings. Lest my comes sometimes and Who skill. neverfailing with Supply

miss should when summer symphony, The his heart there here and Applying -<ll<f|gS*0 To put back harmony in things. comes

He wakens melodies long dumb. The linnet's call.

The Dream Aflam-e As one would think no tuner could.

I fear we do not have him come For I would drain the honeysuckle cup.

By Carlton Culmsee As often as we really should. And lean on Fall's fruitladen hedge a day,

But lest you leave no appetite for these

A YOUTH with laborthickened fingers Spring, haste away!

groped curtains At hung about; gray smothering cloth Bounty

That made him faint and wroth,

Baffling the eyes that always strained and By BloTKhe Decker June hoped.

At last one time he wrenched the cloth aside T HAVE just recalled there is so much of calm; By Rena Stotenburg Travais

And let the sun flow swift and clear and wide. -'I found it once again

Emblazoned in the twisted arms I'VE forgotten hyacinths,

He let the air in, air of gusty hills. Of patriarchal oaks! Anemonae as well;

jonquil gold forgotten content! I've suddenly Cool unbreathed air that youth delights to Aware!—I'm

dell. in the cowslips by And draw. The moon walks

And half alarmed he saw And smiles upon a world Who remembers mountain pinks.

Far lands and high, to which the wings of Enshrouded in pale dignity... Or violet perfume?

wills Stillness drapes in folds Who remembers tulips

Could bear the race; a vision to delight About the shoulders When the roses are in bloom?

All youth that love a stern and splendid fight. That have weathered many storms

And yet are square and strong... I've forgotten Viking winds

Once let them hear the story in the tongue Tranquility steals closer... That blow and blow and blow;

Of youth; once let them see the dream aflame It wraps itself about me in soft pervasiveness. I've forgotten frost that sings As bright as when it came—Largesse! A minor strain and low;

They'll stand with the proud power of the I slip my hand into the hand of night Who remembers symphonies young. And on my brow I wear a jeweled crown of That winter used to play?

Lay down their selfishness, their bickering. peace... Who remembers starling calls.

And take the high trail with a buoyant swing. The triumph of my maiden's own resilience. The thrushes sing today?

Ijatl} httm marwlnuis tlftttgs 3f0r Mt -pf

i ttem song; Aspens In Memoriam to Earl Ross

iixm tlingH; By Mary Hale Woolsey By Sylvia Worsley

[ tly? Herb, all tlj? partly;

J\ in sunlight the SPENS is laid so tenderly bit of life e|0u:0 attJi Bttig prat00. -"things, eager, shining Are cocoon, a wee warmlywrapped Within and

that dance days Like summer softly there, of branches midst whispering away AAnd TINY tlyp l|ar|i fleet wings. joyous and On tree the

[itrp Is the in bathed cf a paalm. by moon.

in the Aspens moonlight. gains fragile Its as wintry days go bodysunshine—guarded by

silvergray, All tallJ 0f toxml and light, it seeks the Spring the and with wakes And re tly? ilorJi, tlye SCtitg. AreToopale,eagerlystill ghostsaway! of days that danced AnSpreadsuglyitscaterpillar,lovely wingsnowina joyousbutterfly.flight.

fulttpaa tlyfreof; -&;f*o—Like you, with clear blue, eager eyes and seeking

hwell tifprettt; mind.

life give. could

failed atlyau&0 Yellow Roses You,Who caughtwhom theearthlyvery tiesutmosthave bind IGnr6....9e%r last to Preble Cora By May % fine, just ceased to live, has young body Whose the Psalms. from—Lineshefore

like as to of love think you one you who We black, roses of in yellow a bowl /H, soul, joy. greater unshackled, soars to Whose - takes that of golden dreams Are youth

earthly care grief are work, and and Whose back me Sill Flowers the on done sheltered spot in a country summer To is free, like think dear to soul your boy. We all I the peace sought have for long Christie which By To Lund

this is such path "Death"though named And roses little to in see black yellow of a Oh, a bowl house T LOVE a mystery. 'I see shack. a near glowing them humble sill; flowers the on With

it call right haven't to grim any a high We copper Again gleaming hangs moon to seem that in say its wallsThey believe the we, sons it heavenly of For God, the sky. of the blackness Within inky still. There's and courage hope find -Life Eternal along Him. with To

They seem to say that someone there And yellow curls that clustered childishly

Has love of beauty in her soul Around your face in memory, I see...

And love of fellowbeings too. Ah, yellow roses always take me back

Which bids her cheer them toward their Curlblossoms on a velvet gown of black. The Sea

goal. By Margaret Jane Cole

that a say faith keepsThey someone sea spell, radiant your summer O BENEATH all In in in Spring, that's true; God,

voice, shining rocked Lulled your your on by Desert The a through passesAnd on breast.

faith to This you. breath, windowme—and touch soft your your by Fanned by Gubler Audrey By

caressed, all treacheries be. forgotten desert stretches your before me, Let out THE to see ships I long again Once leaves my vastness of it The me spellbound

Night in the Country Cactus And isthethecoyote'sonly treecry is the only sound AllLet goldenfreightedme believe each sparklingin fair harborswave'srest;white crest

By Eva Willes Wangsgard Bears from your depths my loved and lost to

It reaches out toward the sky me.

me not heed your wrecks nor count your it hotter Let a little Each hour grows darkness falls. The lowing herds areSOFT.slain if it cry, I think could only still

love's lovers for sake forget The eyes o'er—fonddearest wrongs, so I, with lights blink out in house and barn and It would ask God to send it water. AsTheir still wet stall

still heart your With wrung rises salttears—with the hill; wanly from moonA new

pain. with reign Sweet peace calm and quiet over all.

turn again, to fierce, sweet beauty Back your you And though wreck'd my ships, my friends, Throat The Ruby fantastic dark, trees shapes the The by made yet. I love you veil the silver creep where Upon moonbeams Elizabeth Locke Witmer By gently fro breeze. to cooling to and Move

The countryside is restfuUy asleep. A RUBYTHROATED humming bird

'* Came boldly to my garden; Anthony W. Ivins

He flew right by a fastened gate.

Nor looked for any warden. By Lydia Hall

CrossSection He dipped into my tulip cups, "VrOUR Dixie home you loved so well

By Allen Stephenson My lilacs were not sacred; 'Is bowed in grief today,

And yet not for the life of me, The once bright hills wc view through tears.

T SAW an Indian paint brush Could I find words of hatred. Even the skies seem gray.

* Flaunting its flambuoyant beauty

On a drab hillside I love this buccaneering elf. You were our own and though your feet

Amid sage and cedars. He is so brave and daring; Have trod on distant sand,

The cedars stood dark and straight and soberHe goes about just as he will. We knew your heart was always here

Unbending. Quite saucy and uncaring. In Utah's Dixie land.

The sheltering sage were stiff and prim

Selfrighteous. It is not that he is so large The \yorld will miss your leadership,

The Indian paint brush That they are frightened of him; Its loss it cannot mend,

Waved in the wind and laughed But he is such a handsomt rogue But there is greater sorrow here

Joyously. That all things living love him. For we have lost a friend.

LIGHTS and SHADOWS on the SCREEN

Laddie (R.K.O.) A storjr woven wood movie star on vacation in New

People. farmYork. Adults and Young of the sturdy romance the staffabout of the "Era"members 'yHE

and: From (Fox) Raise as fresh middlewest, Ten Dollar thefolk of in pictures * view and etktluate

sweet as newmown hay. Family. all possible cases. When this a story by Peter B. Kyne. A very

RUGGLES OF Red Gap (Para.): cannot be done, the estimates of pleasant bit of humor for a cheerful

Fate changes the life of Ruggles, an groups of people organized for hour. One liquor sequence. Family.

G. (Roach-M. to Lady station Vagabond his valet, fromEnglish that this especial purpose are

: Nonsense, pure and simple highly are taken. M.) results Theof Colonel. pictures groups previewing The

entertaining, but greater than the comand presenting representative and merry. A hodgepodge of huedy is the serious purpose underlying. opinions are: Nat'I Daughters morous drama forms from serioThe realization of a man that he is of the American Revolution; comedy to slapstick, handled in good

for disregard a total with taste and drawn. is impressively others, toequal Society Nat'England New

cast restraint. of as fine scene is address A good GettsyburgThe Federation Gen. Women:I Womcomedy

for Rollicking, noisy fun comedians. drinkUnnecessary wished. beas could en's Congress Clubs; Californh

ing mars several scenes. Family. of Parents and Teachers; Nat'an evening. Family.

(Colum.): Flies East: Death Of/? Century) (2 Council Jewish Miserables Women; WomLes

intrigue, romance, huAdventure, of place a deserves en's University Club. productionThis

all course, on of and murder mor forto be picture not It a classiindicate audiencehonor. They

interesting plane. eastbound an Some the adaptation, story andgotten. fications follows: as The Children—types, mystery, sustained well character combine theacting, years; to 14 up Adolescents—up photography—allis pace. a swift good, "Melodrama"and to be film. glorious a Not produceto to years; 18 Young People—18 the like people and young who family. the of members tomissed any years; by 25 Adults 25 Adults—over type.

: Beau- (Para.) these years. advice Private Worlds comof The (Para.) Kill to Hours Four life within of drama gripping is:tiful and mittees, "Sethe "Era,"and

in laid well drama, executed Tense, deranged. mentally the fora lect sanitarium those pictures. to your Go the theatre the a of during lounge sinquiet direction and fine type.Understanding Stay are of you know entertainment. evening of hours an picture to a make combinedcerity have that those you from away know

bits excellent are and of whimsey There to be picture merit.of unusual objectionable. are trashy or A Your

sense reality, a overlaid pervading by artistry, its for is warmly definite conrecommended ticket admission a fatality. Adults. Adults. delicacy.courage and tribution toward setting stanof

: (Colum.) In Spite of Danger of production."Century) (20th Richelieu Oldtime a modern with melodrama

vehicle, giving him: oneArlissof dardsin a superb trucks setting. Smashes, runaway

his best opportunities. Family. loaded with dynamite and thrills galore. (Mon- (Para.): Schoolmaster Hoosier 'Em Yale Hold A exciting to believable very but Not

title interesting story misleading of the somewhat for a comedyogram): An least. the possibly. Family, say

little following football in Indiana has with to dotroubled days the which in- (Univ.): An Mr. Dynamite

film, this final farcical for the outstanding sequence. exceptCivil War. No tricately story with involved detective

still remains one worth while which Some fairly amusing situations and no plenty of wisecracks, assorted murders will appeal to many audiences. Family. great drain upon cast or audience. Famand automobile accidents, hardfaced

ily. (Col): Always I'LL Love You

this sentimental, andMelodramatic It Happened in New York policetective. andAdultsan astonishinglyand young people.clever desweet- certain appeal a and (Univ.): which farce comedy haspicture A wild (M. City G. M.) Night One

revolves about a temperamental Hollyforness. Young Adults Fair and the play, Please,"by: "Order From

People. Edward C. Carpenter. Expert handling

It's a Small World (Fox): An of plot and action, smooth tempo and

agreeable program with many threads delightful team work make this a most woven together to present life as it entertaining comedy. Refreshing, exmight be among country folk and city citing, romantic and well staged.

people. Adults and Young People. Adults and young people.

Reckless (M. G. M.): As smartly Princess O'Hara (Univ.): A

staged and highly sophisticated as Jean pleasant, upto-date "Cinderella"

Harlow pictures always are, but with theme, with bits of typical Runyon the same marring sequences of drinking characterization and setting that are and flippancy. Adults, if any. intensely interesting and believable.

Strangers All (R. K. O.): Bristling with taxi wars, horse races

Typical May Robson family comedy, and scandals, and night clubs. Family,

telling the struggles of a mother with though too exciting for small children.

her brood of children, each of whom Naughty Marietta (M. G.M.):

is playing the game of life in his own Last month our reviewers ended their way; no two of whom have the same statement regarding this picture with

outlook. Family. the words: "This is a production you

The Unwelcome Stranger may want to see several times."We

(Colum.): The charm of real people, have seen it once and are eagerly awaitthe lovely settings on a stock farm, the ing the next opportunity. Here is a

thrill of the race track and the appeal beautifully done picture containing of a crippled orphan boy, are intersome lovely singing. If you like rowoven into a most worthwhile and mance and music, you should mark

enjoyable picture. Photographs good, this as being one you ought not to miss.

and plot is logical. A very good Remember "One Night of Love?"You

family picture. FREDRIC MARCH IN "LES MISERABLES"may remember this one longer.

Ward Tedchers Message for July, 1935 iswordtherefore"Sunday"called meansthe Lord'sthe dayday. ofThethe

sun and is now used to denote the

The Sabbath Day ouris noresponsibilityjustificationis forany theless belieftoday thanthat ChristianObservance.Sabbath."Remember the Sab-

"And the inhabitants of Zion shall also at any time in the past. We have been bath Day, to keep it holy.

observe the Sabbath Day to keep it holy. warned repeatedly not to follow the "Six days shalt thou labor, and do

D. and C. e9:i}9. ways of the world. Unnecessary labor, all thy work:

other sports pleasureseeking, and is the sabbath seventh the day "But serious problems the of most/NE the practices in with not harmony it shalt in thou the of thy Lord God: Saints today the Latterday facing of desecrations are the of Lord Word son, thy thou, nor work, any do not the attitude the prevailing toward the of in violation the Sabbath and nor manservant, daughter, thy nor thy Lord's Day. officers, fourth Church commandment.Sabbath—theis cattle, nor thy thy maidservant, nor established standards the by Among posiall teachers, have parents and who is gates: that thy stranger within thy guidance, for Father ourour Heavenly the leadership tions young of among in six the made Lord days "For in the for the partcontained most Ten all diligence strive old should with or all sea, that earth, the and heaven and is injuncpositive theCommandments, the of Sabto observance teach proper is, the seventh rested in on and them thetion Sabbath Day "Remember obligathe duties as and one of bath the blessed the day: wherefore Lord

itto keep Holy."Saint. of This tions Latterday every it."(Exday, hallowed sabbath and

violation serious the Probably most as well teaching be example should by odus 20:8-11.)

is this the rapidlyof commandment precept. as turn thy "If foot from thou away

practiceincreasing of making Sunday rest a of be should day Sabbath The pleasure the sabbath, thy doing from recreation, pleasure, sportsa of and day labors, of thanks and worship our from call the sabbath day; holy on and my spiritall of the of with out harmony in of to giving Father our and Heaven delight, the the honorLord, holy of

the Sabbath. devotion to His work. Attendance at able; and shalt honor him, not doing

Because people not of our faith enSacrament Meeting is one thing all are thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine gage in these practices many Lattercommanded to do on the Lord's Day. own words:

day Saints feel that no serious sin is Spiritual, physical and material bless- "Then shalt thou delight thyself in involved. The facts are, however, that ings are promised to those who obey the Lord; and I will cause thee to ride

the Lord has given us His commandHis word. upon the high places of the earth, and

ments which have been emphasized References: Doctrine and Covefeed thee with the heritage of Jacob

anew to us in this dispensation. There nants, Sec. 59. thy Father: for the mouth of the Lord

-*!/f>- hath spoken it."(Isaiah 58:13, 14.)

In this day the Lord has repeated less desirable, plished excluding the by this inhabithe commandment: "And Character Building

If us. best the developing within and the shall also tants observe Zion of Barnes, C. Douglas Ph. D., LongBy undesirable to return permit a we it to holy."keep Sabbath (DocDay Beach, habits, are character degrading our we trine Covenants and 68:29.) "Be Ye Therefore effort to will that extent further and Cal.Perfect."-—Matt. is this verily appointed a day "For5:48. attain stanrequired previous be to the labors, to rest unto your and from you

T INCOLN said on one occasion: dard. to pay thy devotions unto the Most

"The true rule, in determining to A partial list of refining influences High.

embrace or reject anything, is not follows: 1. Parental guidance; 2. "And on this day thou shalt do

whether it has any evil in it, but Priesthood; 3. Individual and family none other thing, only let thy food be

whether it has more of evil than of prayer; 4. Use of good books; 5. Reprepared with singleness of heart that

good. There are few things wholly ligious activity, etc. thy fasting may be perfect, or, in other

evil or wholly good. Almost everySince life is a process of refining, let words, that thy joy may be full.

thing, especially of government policy, us analyze our case and take advantage "Verily, this is fasting and prayer, is an inseparable compound of the two, of the refining influences that will bring or in other words, rejoicing and so that our best judgment of the preout the best there is in us. prayer."(Doctrine and Covenants

ponderance between them is continually 59:1014.

demanded."Remember the Sabbath Day Proper Rest on the Sabbath. In

there in Fortunately our characters, pages Doctrine,""Gospel and 304 to Keep it Holy qualitiesare be which can many good gives President Joseph F. Smith 305,

developed at the exclusion of the lesb pURPOSE of the Sabbath. The the following:

desirable qualities. This process of Sabbath was instituted by God for "True, Sunday is a day of rest, a

developing the good and excluding the the benefit of man, as a weekly day of change from the ordinary occupations bad is not unlike many refining prorest for the body and of worship for of the week, but it is more than that.

cesses in which, for example, the less the spirit. The Jewish Sabbath was It is a day of worship, a day in which

desirable components of sugar are elimiplaced at the end of the week, in comthe spiritual life of man may be ennated in the production of a high qualmemoration of the creation. The riched. A day of indolence, a day of

ity finished product: or the separation word "Sabbath"means rest, but the physical recuperation is too often a

of asphalt and wax from lubricating fourth commandment gives to this rest very different thing from the Godor- distillates in the production of high a definite religious character; and subdained day of rest. Physical exhaustion

quality lubricating oils. If, after the sequent legislation made the Jewish Saband indolence are incompatible with

separation is complete, part of the low bath a day of religious rites and prac- a spirit of worship. A proper obquality material is allowed to return, tices. The Christian Sabbath takes the servance of the duties and devotions of

the sugar or the oil, in these examples, place of the Jewish one, with the difthe Sabbath Day will, by its changes is degraded, and the refining process ference that it is observed at the beand its spiritual life, give the best rest has to be repeated. ginning of the week, in commemorathat man can enjoy on the Sabbath

So in our lives refinement is accomtion of the resurrection of Christ. It Day....

tO'disposition to earth, anxious heard manifest a very be and under the be greatglory, On Priesthood earth,sing—"Blessing, honor, them shall and and among know who

By President John Taylor and power be unto him that sitteth est. This is folly, for honor proceedsupon the throne, and unto the Lamb not from office, but by a person magThe following was given to the for ever and ever."nifying his office and calling. If we

Editor of the Millennial Star, May 7th, To bring about this desirable end-—have any honor proceeding from or

1847. to restore creation to its pristine excelthrough the priesthood, it comes from

certainly vain be should and God, we fulfil creato the object lency of and the I left in rjEAR Brother,—Before gift have of no a to boast we when exalt, glorsave, redeem, and I Orleans, ship for America tion—to New it. gift, receiving in in the only hand the ify save dead redeem and

it man—to frequently mind, from had on my it to have If ought God, from comes He all live living, shall that the and and under circumstances come have which us, magnithe our glory not and and is its the to laws, design according and this in travels during notice my my is calling or the only fying our way the establishment of the object of Pratt, Elder in country with company obtain can through which we medium last in earth the priesthood the on the article write the for to Star on an is It beinfluence. the not or honor is fulfilling it days; of purpose for the Priesthood, could subject do not of but these ear that or eye ing makes an heretofore has not done been what

it that time; for of the but want now seeing the and honorable, but members perfected that be God's works may of the providence through we God, is a certainly well foot hearing; and all restitution times of that the the of this to shore, again driven have been the to than valuable body more much that, about, things be brought and may having unfavorable winds, through and ear, eye, a deaf blind mouth; a or dumb priesteternal the in conjunction with it I leisure, a improve few moments teacher, priest, a a a deacon, or and us, in the heavens without (who hood

it that that for purpose, hoping may office, is his magnifies more much who be could them, nor without not we the instructive interesting to be and priest, elder, than honorable high an, perfect) to pass bring made may we the this also to Elders country, of and does not apostle or magnify an who all in the things been which have mind

Saints, calling. his spirit of the or of of spoken God, by

is I limited, shall be time and As my is It thirst after to for Gentilism men all the of the through God, mouth brief, I to necessitated shall be comdignity. honors, power; and empty and.. since was. the prophets holy world the asking mence by priestpertaining to the True, honor, question—What are in the priesthood heavens The is circumlocuPriesthood? Without of hood, a from God, comes and man these to us uniting bring about with it I briefly as tion, shall that answer feel a to does seek disposition not God as are purposes, they governed by and is the of whether on government God, it after to lord those nor over power,

is it the that perfect necessary laws, most is it earth the in heavens, the for or office. inferior to in be him who may also the should gdverned same be by we principle that or agency, power,by If spirit does, he has the of he not principle, that our works agreemay all the afe things that governed on Christ, mission. of His nor there reciprocity that a acbe of may that in earth heavens, the and and by

disciples, said Jesus to His "The tion, far will that as (so and God's we all things are that and upheldpower lords the of Gentile exercise authority are the concerned) be done on may all It sustained. governs things—it it other, shall over each so but not be is it is earth It in as this heaven. all all directs sustains things things—it is with that he greatest but you; among learn, this to have which and which we all that to things has do with—and let servant all."be you, of him fulfil calling, to and our must do we associated are truth with. andGod

feels satisfied fulof to God man A acceptable in render sight the our works is It to delegated the of power God fil office, his it and has he when done angels, of also of the holy and and God intelligences in the to heavens and men is his clear; conscience stands he apsight brethren, the in are of our who earth; in arrive the andon we when is satisfied before proved God, that and in associated in the priesthood us with

celestialthe shall God, of kingdom we fulfilled his has calling. he If pos-. he. earth. the the of on kingdom God perfect thefind order most and harmony sesses it exercises for power, he the good

callings, ofdifferent are and There isexisting, the there perfect because his of the his of good fellowmen—for fices, in stations, authorities and andpattern, perfect the order govof most brethren, the church, world, the and

it all is the priesthood, the but holy carried out,ernment or and when feels a he and disposition bless his to differare there priesthood; same and principles those dewherever been have brethren to and good. He, do them keys, responsient powers, and and earth, in in the asveloped proportion indeed, has authority rule his in and

it is bilities, the government; but same acted spreadthey have been and upon, as father, a a as master; not office—but all in that arc agents the priesthood and injust that proportion they prohave a father his governs children, house and for all requisite are government, and blessings salvation to theduced and it but as he does a father; does not he the the organization body, the upof the family; governandhuman when to exercise wish authority chilhis over

the Zion, of building government and shall extensively of bement more God dren, for the has he rule, authority to; are his of they dependent kingdom andadopted, prayer, Jesus'that and when it uses and benefit the for his chilof

another, the eye cannot one and upon is disciples answered, taught His andHe dren. His family not do obey him

I to the thee, say ear need of have no earth,God's comes the kingdom and on because fear they him, because but he

I to the the head foot have nor o is in will here as heaven, then,His done is their father, they love and and him is It thee. to for every of need one till then, universal will love, notand that rules he directs know their for and

is in calling the abide he whereuntopeace, prevail. harmony, union and benefit. love, fear, serve and God, We office called, his magnify and and spirit will be the of because Then us. loves God He keep His We priesthood, will he and then have honor all flesh; will lion the thenpoured on because commandments they are joyhis brethren of be honored of and Godlie the the will then ous, lamb; with to down and tend benefit our in time and angels. the of holy and

itsearth yea, paradisiacal glory; in resume eternity; and the we obey counsels

more, it will fulfil the order of its cre- I have noticed in my travels, those, of the authorities of the Church, beation, and become celestial, and then who, like the disciples of Jesus of old, cause they counsel and direct for our will every creature in heaven, on the evince a great desire for power, and benefit. (To be Continued)

Quorum Meetings Not to othertion wasconferenceused as thelaterthemeand itsof inspira-a poem eachnamesofin theeverywardspossibleand manner.checked theAs

Adjourn During SuTnmer by "Ed"Tuttle, a lover of boys and a result the actual facts regarding acMonths attest:a poet, as the following verses will tivityChurchorbutinactivity,in school notas wellonlyarein nowthe

nPHE definite recommendation of the Power available.

* been Results of the have survey made is that Presiding Bishopric doing are learning constantly by all We PriestBishoprics, to Aaronic available classes and PriesthoodAaronic quorums are quite unaware though we And Scout, Vanguard hood entire year. regularly the during meet are facts the wooing fountain of we Of

others. leaders and One and durshould adjournment M Committees,Men be noThere are life in they them we need When

fact developed helpful interesting and is felt It that ing the months. summer there.

in addition to the fact that the Priestis that the number of young men inhood is expected to function in the If efforts appear to be shackled, active in Church work is practically lives of its members at all seasons of the The problems today that impede, the same as the number not attending year that many of the usual restraints We find if persistently tackled. school, although in many cases the same

and safeguards are removed during the Will dwindle in size and recede. names are not involved. Another fact

are the is that although communities vacation period makingsummer faltered, that not have freAssuming we in care great taken small makand was contact thequent with doubly Church to ceased; force have seems Opposing considerable a census, school the ing desirable.

unaltered. to task be done The missed. of were names number The in additional engage quorums Many increased. to has the But power exists wards, condition in same many activities designed the during summer Tuttle.—Ed.dois complete. records the not being ward spirit fraternal a social to and promote

among quorum members. The survey has caused considerable Rigby Stake Survey Reveals discussion and renewed activity in

Time For Adult Class Important Information Aaronic Priesthood activities has resulted. In an effort to increase activity

exthe complete of and most /NE Meetings 1 card, inches been has a large 24 8 by "of tensive surveys of young men all all for showing furnished quorums setting acthe Priesthood for timeTN in njiade ever Priesthood age Aaronic Priesthood assignments Aaronic the tivity to meetings 11:25 from the to the reported has been Church fill. to are This authorized members

it mornings, 11:55 on Sunday was Stake. Presiding Bishopric from Rigby official Aaronic the taken from was this afintended thatnot plan should S. Stake Wilkinson, Elder Chairman R. roll Priesthood book. quorum classesfect Priesthood Aaronic Adult survey, the Priesthood of Aaronic made

throughout the Church. These adult using as a basis the census rolls of the Provo First Ward Deacons

classes are in the of misnature more rolls these schools. public which From Have Good Record afservicesionary of those and many the of the records were checked with

in attendance enviable record and definite objections tofected have A N the address atschools, age name, and of is filled reported assignments by services aretending while other groups practically of every Aaronic young man in session. Best results have come alPriesthood age in every ward in the supervisors of the first and second quomost universally when these brethren stake has been obtained. rums of Deacons of Provo First Ward

are permitted to meet at some other These names are now being used in in Utah Stake. Particular pride has

time. This is the intention and bishops an extensive campaign by the Aaronic been taken by the members of both

are requested to set a time which will Priesthood and Correlation Committees quorums in their personal appearance be most desirable for this particular of the Stake and Wards with splendid and in performing their duties. Fred

purpose and most agreeable to the results. Farmer and Morris AUman are the sugroup. Chairman Wilkinson, in his efforts pervisors.

We Learn By Doing to learn the actual conditions visited PROVO FIRST WARD DEACONS, PROVO, UTAH gISHOP DAVID A. SMITH, first

counselor in the Presiding Bishopric, at a quarterly conference attended recently, learned that the Deacon who had been appointed to make a short talk had been taken ill and could not be present. Over the protest of the

presiding officer that it would be unfair to call another boy on such short notice, a Deacon was called to the stand and asked to tell what his quorum had done for him.

With a voice that quivered at first but gradually became stronger, the young man said: "We learn by doing.

In our Priesthood quorum we sometimes do not realize that we are learning as much as we do but when the time comes and we need the information it is there."

Bishop Smith told this story at an373

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 1935

very dangerous. Six men and their

outfits were loaded on the ferry boat and started across. To get across the

river the ferry boat had to be pulled upstream by a cable. The men and

teams on shore were working to pull the ferry. While it was coming upstream the cable broke and the ferry

boat was swept clean of all its load.

The men on the boat were soon seen clinging to the floating wagons. L.

John Nuttal and Warren Hatch swam to safety on the same oar. My Great

Grandfather, Jacob Hamblin, and my

Grandfather, Ellis Whitney Wiltbank, rushed out from shore in a small skiff and rescued several men. While they

were moving among the floating wagons one oar caught in a wagon wheel and was wrenched from their hands. The other oar was broken;

LAMAR HAMBLIN, ROLAND DEACON, so oar of no use. With it was no TEACHER, PLEASANT BATEMAN, to DOUGLAS EAGER WARD, ST, JOHNS STAKE GREEN WARD, OQUIRRH STAKE guide they swept them, on soon down

the rapids below the ferry. At the

Faith Promoting Story of mouth of the rapids they rescued John Pleasant Green Teacher Has

My Ancestors Cartergy. Iffromthey thegottopintoof thea floatingrapids bugthey Retnarkable Record

Told by ROLAND LAMAR would surely be drowned. Realizing P'ROM the Aaronic Priesthood comHAMBLIN, Deacon, Eagat their danger the three men silently mittee of Pleasant Green Ward in

Ward, St. Johns Stake prayed for help. Jacob Hamblin broke Oquirrh stake comes a report of a re-

(Winner in Contest for Best the silence by saying, "It's each man markable record in Aaronic Priesthood,

Faith Promoting Story) and his Maker for himself."The Sunday School, Scouting, Seminary

instantly half turned boat and around Bateman. Douglas and school, made by

shore, for the headed it soon whereTN 1878 the Church called on thirteen is This young now a man men to locate suitable places for Morarrived in safety. It was doubtless the being second counselor in his Teacher,quorum.

in these three of that settlements saved Arizona. hand With men Godmon

are of the achievements These some time. as at this a leader Jacob Bishop WellsDaniel Roundy, and H. memis credited: he which his with party, guide, as ber the the of of thirteen party drowned was andHamblin

reached Lee's Ferry on May 28, 1878. body was never found. The wagons Has paid tithing every year since

The Colorado River was at flood and and provisions were lost. 1927, when he was nine years old.

Entered Scouting as a Tenderfoot in 1932.

Served three years as a Deacon, being secretary and first and second counselor in different quorums.

Became a Life Member of the Y. M.

M. I. A. at 12 years of age, being one

of the youngest members of the Church to have such membership.

In 1934 filled more assignments than any member of the Teachers'quorum of his ward.

In 1933 was president of his Seminary class and VicePresident of the boys'glee club.

Has been baptized in the Temple for 40 people.

Did not miss a Priesthood, Sunday

School or Seminary class or Sacrament meeting for during 1933, was which he a of awarded and a Book Mormon (chairman Bishop, Phares Wilcox, S. Gardner, J. Edward Reed Johnson Francis R. Top row: W. Dunyon,

Parker', (Eagle, (Eagle, Hartleytroop Master), Scout committee). and Ass't Knight Hall and Junior Lynn Ward pencil. also of awarded a copy He was

and (Eagle, Master), Scout Johnson Pyle (Eagle, Ass't Master), Edward Junior Robert andAss't Scout Huish for the Doctrine Covenants and 100% Russell Dr. Ass't Ball, Master).Junior Scout Master), (Scout L. Knight Raymond

Erickson, row: Gleason, Preston Werlie Miller, Donald Rawson, Kent Larry Pyle, Harmon, Bottom Jay at in attendance Priesthood meeting

Ruff.Paul Stout, James

nearperfect a attendance 1934 and has Heber Erickson, absent: Richard I. B. Ball, A. D. Jr., Dr. Members Young, of Troop Committee W.

Russell, Or. Douglas Ream. for last year in all activities.

Steouts absent: Chandler Young, Thomas Banning, Lawrence Stout, Marion Huish Johnson, Eddie Howe,

Jack Bigler, Clyde Hill, Rodman Fullmer, John Haugartner, John Deal, Julian Kelley, LeRoy Lattimer. Has been president of his Sunday

class School has served and as a Ward is its significant apsuccess for reason Scouts Berkeley Active years. for Teacher two issue this in the picture parent from

the 8 of Berkeley TROOPOCOUT is father S. S. Batemen, of Douglas, leadother the Bishopric and showing in the Stake is an Oakland Ward of Priesthood. Aaronic chairman ward

interested in the adults and troop ingactive, progressive according to group reports from the ward officers. One its welfare.

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices (

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M.

FOX, ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

CAINON. LUCY GRANT MORRIS GEORGE Q.

L. A. BEESLEY. CLARISSA FRANKLIN WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A.

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN,

Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Secretary

THE FIRST MEETING OF THE NEW GENERAL BOARD OF THE Y. M. M. I. A.

Left to right: John D. Giles, Field Representative; Scout and Vanguard Committee: D. E. Hammond, Scout Committee; Axel Madsen, Adult

Committee; Tyman L. Daines, Senior Committee; Creed Haymond, Scout Committee; Rictiard Evans, Adult Committee; Stringam A. Stevens, Era

Committee; Jolin H. Taylor, Community Activity Committee; George Q. Morris, First Assistant General Superintendent and General Manager of The

Improvement Era; Albert E. Bowen, General Superintendent; Oscar A. Kirkham, Executive Secretary and Chairman of the Activity Committee; Alma

H. Pettegrew, General Secretary; Franklin S. Harris, M Men Committee; Harrison R. Merrill, Senior Committee and Associate Editor of The Improvement Era; W. 0. Robinson, Field Secretary and Community Activity Committee; Floyed Eyre, M Men Committee; Burton K. Famsworth, M Men

Committee, Elmer Christensen, Vanguard Committee; Philo T. Famsworth, Scout Committee; Joseph F. Smith, Community Activity Committee.

The following were excused from this first meeting: Franklin L. West, Second Assistant General Supertntendnt; J. Spencer Cornwall, Music

Director; Homer C. Warner, M Men Committee; W. Wallace McBride, Vanguard Committee.

The following article is the message delivered by Superintendent A. E, Bowen, Sunday morning,

April 7, in the special M. I. A. meeting held in the Assembly Hall during the annual conference of the

Church.

help kindly the very and generous The Glory God is Intelligence of Our M. I. A. Motto of Presithe far so from had have we

Albert E. Bowen By Superintendent the the from of and dency Church

'pHOSE who made this program orof God is Intelligence."Before beCouncil of the Twelve Apostles, and

dained that I should say a word ginning, however, to discuss that subothers of the General Authorities.

about our M. I. A. motto: "The Glory ject I want to make acknowledgment If anybody has ever told you that

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 1935

the President tries to dominate people is His work and His "glory to bring him, the power to observe and to be in this Church, my experience to this to pass the immortality and eternal attracted by phenomena, the power to hour puts me in a position to refute life of man."We therefore may, I wonder, to be stirred by curiosity, the

any such suggestion. As he told you think, conclude that it is the Glory of capacity to know and to apprehend,

he gave us a free hand. When I was God to bring man into the full effulthese are at the very gateway to the path

called to the President's office and was gence of light and truth. Thus man of knowledge. They arc among the

asked to assume this position, President finds God working with him to bring attributes of intelligence. They conGrant and President McKay were there. about his attainment to glory. Man stitute man's gift or endowment; they

Both pledged their full help, and they has only to lend cooperation. In him distinguish him from all other created

have more than fulfilled their pledge as his endowment, is the seed of truth things. Possessed of them he is imto this date. President Clark had left or intelligence which makes the high pelled to satisfy aroused curiosity; he

for the East before the announcement goal attainable. To reach it he must is launched upon the never ending quest

was made to me, but he took from his garner truth by the way, and he does for knowledge. Through knowledge

busy time enough of it to write with it by learning to understand things man makes conquest of the universe, his own hand a personal letter filled about him. On the very day of his and moves toward a realization of the

with wisdom and good counsel. creation he was told he was to be aldominion that was offered him on the

I had to go to Washington immelowed to subdue the earth and to have day of his creation.

diately following the announcement. dominion over it and over every other With expanding knowledge comes

When I got there I found that a matter created thing, all of which were made everincreasing power and enlarged dohad been discussed in the Congress of for his good. God said: minion. Only in the degree that

the United States which involved quot- "Let him have dominion over the fish knowledge approaches a fulness of pering upon the floor of the Senate from of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, fection can man establish completeness contributions that had been made by and over the cattle, and over all the earth, of dominion and realize his destiny.

President Clark, and I actually found and over every creeping thing that creepeth Verily knowledge is power. No man

that in the papers in the National upon the earth."can acquire too much knowledge. It

Capital he was given more space and is the key that unlocks the door to the more attention than the men who had Man's task, therefore, is to establish treasure house and lays bare to the spoken in the Senate. I appreciate a his dominion, which involves a masgaze of man the treasures there conman as busy as that taking his time to tery of the handiwork of his Creator. cealed.

write. Surely a very certain way of elevating But intelligence means more than

The retiring Superintcndency, as a man toward the plane of Deity! When knowledge. It implies the application

unit, have been generous in their profthe created thing is fully understood, of knowledge to useful and righteous fers of help, and I am sure we can rely then there must be large knowledge ends. It connotes wisdom, of which

upon their continued guidance. We about the creator of it. Providentially, Carlisle said that it consists in "Sound

want it. too, man's environment lures him to appreciation and just decisions to all

task. earth he on which The very you, about that the objects round come the his all of the members We thank

intereststands parades before him justice."with behaving of the habit and have for the boardprevious work they

endIn never provoking phenomena. the quality that sublime it Musing upon well realize that been hasdone. We

night; seasons sequence follows ing day exclaimed: old profound Scotsman to expect have not anydone. do We

deflourishes go; verdure and come and if shallrevolutions; be we happy we is Is great short, "In life itself cays; death. into His passes done, as as they have well carrycan on wisdom—greatIt exthe be cannot value wisdom. of

shelter, craves protection. food, body little ahead. farther just of aggerated. a highest achievementand push The

satisfy to affords earth the means The is gettcth that underhe man—'blessed the text. Realizing the to Now these things Familiarity wants. with is all if Is failure, a that standing'... for necessity time, theshortness of and reveals increased of about ways him a failure."

I aquoting, written few have down desires. his serve them making

things. He has but to open his eyes to see Solomon, the wise man of Israel,

The complete text from which our that out in space beyond the planet he declared:

is reads. taken Glorymotto "The inhabits, are the moon, and the sun, principal thing; thereIs the "Wisdom

or, is Intelligence, inof God stars. glittering other the Their myriad thy getting imfore and with all get wisdom:

words, light and truth."From this minence is a daily challenge to his curiget understanding.

wc learn that intelligence is synonyosity and a constant irritant to his cir- "Exalt her, and she shall promote thee:

mous with light and truth, and hence cumscribed understanding. she shall bring thee to honor, when thou

her, dost light embrace of truth arethat the Glory and the to soul surges in response His shall give ornato thine head an "She is principle the truth IndeedGod. finally grandeur about him, and shall a she glory grace; of of crown a ment glorified. Jesus which Of wasupon a fervor, in poetic burst pours of David, thee. deliver to said: JohnHim forth the universal adoration: receive son, say- "Hear, and oh my my

I, received not life that John, he shall saw years the ings; of be thy "And and declare the Glory heavens of God; "The

first, grace at received fulness theof but many. the His firmament handiwork. showeth and

grace. In thee wisthefrom of "I have taught way uttereth speech, and unto day "Day

at fulness received the he of paths. not In thee right led I have "And dom; night night knowledge. unto showeth

first, to grace grace goest, continued shall steps but from thy not thou "When is language, speech where no "There nor..till a fulness. received he runnest had straightened; thou be and when is voice heard. His not

I, rethat bear shalt record. he John, stumble."not "And thou all line out has gone through "Their

ceived fulness a the the of glory Father."of earth, their the to of the end and works

the world. In them hath He set a taberGod grant to us that we may be

That is to say, when Jesus had atnacle for the sun. endowed with this spirit of wisdom

tained to, or had received, a fulness of "Which Is as a bridegroom coming out that leads us to do justly in all the truth, He also received a fulness of of the chamber, and rejoiceth as a strong things with which we have to deal, and glory for the two are one. It is only man to run a race. through the practice of such virtue we

through the mastery of truth that man "His going forth is from the end of may unfold the Godgiven powers heaven, the the ends and his circuit unto eternal attainwill glory. said: to Jesus rise us, to latent within one day and

It; the of and there is nothing hid from

state of glory the high has which He that keepeth the commandments "He thereof."heat

I will, those promised His do whorccciveth until truth he is gloriand light, fied in truth and knoweth all things."This quality in man which makes pray in the name of Jesus. Amen.

Wc read also that God has said it him responsive to the universe about -4- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE. 1935

The M. L A. Extends courtgressedwasmarvelously,soon set up. inThespitegameof prothe asernment'sthey wereownin Socialisticaccord withplan.the GovInto Mexico twentyodd players on each side, until With such backing, confidence in

the call of "a comer] "was sounded. the Mutual cause, and faith in our lead-

(New Year's Day Commemorated by Then, as one man, the now hungry ers and God, we have every hope for

Excursion to Floating Gardens. Mutual participants vacated the court, leaving a bright future in the M. I. A. of

Wotk Eagerly Adopted by Mexican the one at service with ball in hand. Mexico. E. LeRoy Hatch.

Saints. Interview with Prominent i i i spent the of was day The remainder Officials Prove A.Government M. /.

results to returning pleased so with the playing games and were the \jSJ Nation's Withto be in Harmony New evening in six the place. year, starting this carnival At our "'of snow Socialistic Move.)

a tired but happy crowd said, "hasta we thought we would like to tell others yHE New Year was greeted with enmanana;"a day not soon to be forabout it through the Era. The queens

* thusiasm by the Mutuals of Mexico gotten; the first Mutual hike a success. marched through the hall, preceded by

City and San Pedro Martir, as the two The Mexican people of Mexico, for three sweet little crown bearers carrying branches united in an interesting exthe first time, arc enjoying the many beautiful silver crowns on silk pillows, cursion to the Floating Gardens of benefits and privileges offered through to the orchestra stand where they were

Mexico, Xochimilco. the Mutual Improvement Association. crowned by the Mayor of the City.

The gathering place for the group In September of the current Mutual The hall was decorated in winter attire, was at Xochimilco's Zocalo, or plaza, year. Associations were organized in and beautiful snow scenes were painted

at ten o'clock sharp, New Year's Mornthe branches of Mexico City, San Pedro around the hall by one of our young ing. We found the entire crowd imMartir, and Tecalco, Mexico; San artists.

patiently waiting; anxious to set off. Gabriel Ometoxtla, Puebla; Cuautla, This year was the sixth annual

Spirits were high as we marched fiftyMorelos; Tecomatlan and San Marcos, snow carnival we had held, and this

six strong through the quaint little vilHidalgo. Although the work is new, year over two hundred and fifty couples

lage to the embarking place. the organizations have taken hold with attended.

Expecting to spend a precious hour enthusiasm and arc gradually falling in We are grateful to the Era, for it was bickering and bartering for a canoe, we line with the regular Mutual program; through its pages we received the idea

were all happily surprised on reaching endeavoring to make this, their first of a snow carnival, and hope our exthe waterfront to find awaiting us a year, a banner one. perience may encourage others to do

letterslarge the bearing A. canoe likewise. M. M. Reeder, Wallace Third—is the need to today, awake Mexico, the in flowers over whiteworked City, Utah. Mutual, Brigham Ward of of her developing and men women for letters entrance. standarched -f -t The i morally, physically, and tomorrowAsociacion de Mejoramiento Mutuo Ball the of Green and Gold "DEPORT mentally.

I. to you. people had A. MoreM. the Escalante and given by North

after interviewing anticipated prominent Recently, unand than oncome Stake, 12. Feb. Garfield Wards, South

officials all explaining tosuccessfully trying to and Government crowd them into one boat, we had to charter a secthem the ideals and standards held by The hall was gaily decorated in ond one. the Mutual Improvement Association, gold and green crepe paper moss. A

Xochimilco is located about fifteen one of them fervently stated, "I wish variation in the manner of selecting a miles southeast of Mexico City. we had ten thousand of you people queen was tried by these two wards.

Tiring a little after two hours on the instead of only a few hundred."He A Gleaner Girl from each ward was

canal, we landed at a beautiful, shady then went on to say that the Governvoted on. Votes were a penny each.

grove. An improvised volleyball ment approved of all such movements Enough money was raised to buy the

MEMBERS OF Y. W. M. I. A. GENERAL BOARD—TAKEN FEBRUARY 5, 1935

Back Row (left to right): Laura P. Nicholsen, Grace C. Neslen, Martha G. Smith, Katie C. Jensen, Charlotte Stewart, Erma Roland, Evangeline T. Beesley, Emily

H. Higgs, Agnes S. Knowlton, Thelma Woolley, Bertha K. Tingey, Ethel S. Anderson.

Middle Row: Sarah R. Cannon, Emma Goddard, Ann Cannon, Lucy G. Cannon (First Counselor), Ruth May Fox (President), Clarissa A. Beesley (Second Counselor),

Rose W. Bennett, Emily C. Adams.

Front Row: Helen S. Williams, Catherine Folsom, Glenn J. Beeley, Rachel G. Taylor, Marie C. Thomas, Elsie T. Brandley, Julia S. Baxter, Elsie Hogan (Secretary).

Absent: Vida F. Clawson, Claire P. Dorius, Hazel Brockbank.

T.HE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE, 1935

queen a beautiful green satin dress, will and fellowship established, cannot in a green and gold color scheme. The

which was presented to her. be fully estimated. orchestra platform, scene of coronation

Crowning of the queen was done by The Mutual was happy, to invite ceremonies for the M. I. A. queen, Mrs.

the girl with next highest votes. and receive as honorary guests, the MisValerie Pope Crapo, was beautifully

Two of the M. I. A. dances were sion President and wife, Mr, and Mrs. decorated in gold and green and the

demonstrated by M Men and Gleaner Charles E. Rowan, Jr., and the Houspunch booth, presided over by BeeGirls from both wards. The affair ton Branch Presidency and their wives. Hivc Girls of the Fourth Ward, stressed

was voted as one of the most successBarrel C. Ronnow, Houston Branch, the same decorative idea. The girlsful ever held.—Mrs. Morris Shirts, Texas Mission. wore clever costumes in white with

President S. Ward Mutual. f i -t green aprons and caps and served fruit

f -t i AMMON'S presentation of the 10punch throughout the evening.

-f i A THREEACT mystery comedy "minute act, "The Moon Presents,"i was presented by the South Ward won first place in the finals of the M. THE cardston Ward Gleaner testiMutual, under the direction of Zelda I. A. stake road show held at the tabermony meeting this year seemed to

Hansen, the play being among the best nacle Wednesday evening. Idaho Falls be very successful, the girls all seemed

given in this locality in years. We Second Ward and Ucon tied for second to feel so much at ease, and so free in

feel that drama is a very important honors. bearing their testimonies. I had this

part of our activity and hope to produce Six wards competed for first and secpicture taken, and would appreciatemore such plays.—Mrs. Morris Shirts, ond places in the stake show, plays bevery much if it could be printed in the

Escalante South Ward, Garfield Stake. ing presented by Ammon, the Idaho Era, am sure it would be so encourag-

i -f -t Falls First and Second Ward, Ucon, ing to the girls, there being thirtyfour \KT think a few words about out Lincoln, and lona. girls, the ward president, and myself

summer program may be interStake officers and workers directed at this meeting, it being one of the esting. and assisted with all phases of the road most sincere, faith promoting meetings

We held weekly meetings at the show, which was held as an annual we have ever held.—Mrs. Agnes R.

homes of the girls, two girls acting as event for the sceond consecutive time Miller, Cardston, Alberta.

hostesses. Our meetings were conthis year. i i i

ducted just as M. I, A, meetings. We i i -f "THE Burley Stake M. I. A. held their

elected a secretary Ball Arcadia at the * Green and Gold spectacular outstandmost and and have minutes yHE rolls all meetings. ofand record a with crowd Room ing event ever taken Ball which has We studied the first aid course outplace in Los Angeles Stake was staged attendance. It was estimated that morein

lined in the Gleaner Manual. When at the Huntington Park Stake Center, than three hundred fifty couples were

this completed sent towe the Genwe Friday, specpresent. January All 18, 1935.

eral sent they Board and us from work The Hall was beautifully decorated expressed tators present the opinion the "Charm Course"given by Sister that it was a most unusual and brilin green and gold colors.

Katie Jensen. liant success. About nine hundred peo- A queen was chosen from each of

The crowning point of our sumple witnessed this beautiful colorful the nine wards and were the guests of mer's work was a demonstration and pageant. honor.

social the girls'with mothers and stake presented of the queens Each was hall to represent was decorated The officers as invited guests. the Stake in a gold compact by castle. effects with old an The lighting

We are united as leaders in saying helped to produce the illusion. appreciation. Anna Jeppson, Burley

that we have never enjoyed any work This colorful Historical Pageant in Stake.

as much as the Gleaner work and have Costume proved to be as delightfully i -f -t truly learned to love and respect the entertaining as it was educational. pOUR wards in the Twin Falls Stake

wonderful girls in our class. Fairview Twelve periods in history which markjoined together to make the Gold

Gleaner Class, Leora Rich, Izora ed the evolution of international cosand Green Ball of 1935 one that willHoopes, Gleaner Leaders. tuming of the upper or nobility class in be remembered for its beauty, cultural

-f i -f Europe and America were selected, betone, and social uplift, as well as a "ytTE held our Gold and Green Ball on ginning with the classic period of the financial success. Each ward was well

February 22 and, therefore, had Greeks and extending up to and ending represented, making about fifteen hun- a George and Martha Washington with the year 1935. Each ward had dred in all.

march. It was an enjoyable affair. selected a queen. Each queen was Our Improvement Era CommenceWe are liking Mutual better all the dressed in a costume representative of ment Ball, and Closing Ball, under the

time, and we could not get along one of these twelve periods which had direction of the Stake Era leader, Mrs,

Alice J. Richins, sucalso a great were drawn by the ward young ladies'without Waite, Presbeen the Era.—Mrs. cess. has dramatic Our M. I. A. work president.ident Gooding Ward.

f -f -f The pageant formed in the Huntbeen outstanding with Mrs. Stella

directing inspirational Oaks'Tiuin ington Hall, Recreation passed Park twelfth, the second(S Falls Stake. lounge, through the into the then and annualFebruary Girl MenGleaner "M"-f -f i hall. their main queens and The

the ofbanquet Branch, Houston Texas Sheffield District British of the espHE corts attendants in and appeared chronMission, in held the was banquet room sodistrict have held * Mission two ological order they of the repperiods of the Houston Y. W. C. A. Cafeteria. resented. cials. One, the Annual Gold and Green

The fiftythree guests enjoyed themBall, and the other the M MenGleaner selves greatly; more than half of them Girl Banquet,

participating in the program of music, PNRAWING the largest crowd of any On behalf of the missionaries we singing, and entertaining speech. It social event of the season, the ansend greetings to The Improvement

Ball sponsored Gold and Green by inwas a cultural every way, and edinual the eagerly Era. to look forward We

Falls the Idaho S. Stake L. D. A. M. I.fying program, and the enjoyment is delivered the each to us day that Era

everyone received from the evening; given Wednesday evening at Wandmonth. The Era is a help to us in our

the more firmly convinced us of the amere hall proved the most successful missionary duties. May God continue

effectiveness of holding our banquet affair staged in several years. to bless such a noble staff, that is the

each year. Saints and investigator Approximately one thousand ininstrument in putting forth such a

friends came closer together in this evevited guests filled the spacious hall, noble publication. Herbert T, Edgar,

ning of social activity; and the goodwhich was decorated for the occasion Supervising Elder.

M MEN AND GLEANER GIRLS'BANQUET,

OGDEN STAKE.

QUEENS OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL AND

ATTENDANTS, BURLEY STAKE.

QUEEN OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL AND

ATTENDANTS, IDAHO FALLS STAKE.

WINNERS OF ROAD SHOW, AMMON WARD,

IDAHO FALLS STAKE.

HOUSTON M. I. A. BANQUET, TEXAS

MISSION.

M MEN AND GLEANERS BANQUET, STAR

VALLEY STAKE.

GLEANER GIRLS OF CARDSTON 2ND WARD. ALBERTA STAKE.

CROWNING OF THE QUEEN OF THE GOLD

AJJD GREEN BALL, SHEFFIELD, ENGLAND.

M MENGLEANER BANQUET, UINTAH STAKE.

TOOELE STAKE M MENGLEANERS.

GLEANER GIRLS, DETROIT BRANCH.

M MENGLEANER BANQUET, ROTHERHAM,

ENGLAND.

CAST OF M MENGLEANERS, BOX ELDER

STAKE.

GLEANERS, FAIRVIEW WARD, STAR VALLEY STAKE.

M. I. A. GROUP IN CANOE AT XOCHIMILCO.

QUEEN OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL, GOODING, IDAHO, BLAINE STAKE.

QUEENS OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL AND

ATTENDANTS, BRIGHAM CITY, UTAH.

QUEEN OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL AND

ATTENDANTS, ESCALANTE WARD, GARFIELD STAKE.

QUEENS OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL AND

ATTENDANTS, TWIN FALLS STAKE.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE 9 3 5 >-

: 00 p. m.—Drama 9:45 a. m. to 12 noon—DepartJune Conference Program 8: 15 p. m. to 11

presentation. ment Sessions.

is to June Conference of 1935yHE 2:15 12:15 p. m. to 7: Friday, June p. m.—Stake

arc Presidents dates Lunchoutstanding. Superintendents * be and The a. a. to 9:00 m. 10:00 m.—Open- 7, eon.Friday, June Saturday and Sunday, ing Session Conference. of

to the 9, 6:00 m. -Vaneduca- p. p. but m. 2:00 with8 and drama

a. to 10:15 12 m. noon—Educafinals. 6. startingtional Archery guard Thursday, meet June

all tional in appreciation meets to a as outlined, covers p. m. 4:15 program, p. 2:30The m.—General courses including music, drama,

Session. interest range will ofwider proband speech, social dancing, conduct,

to attract greater the in m. attendance p. 4:30 p.ably 3:30 m.—Model conversation, hobbies, reading and

flying airplane tournament.general sessions in department than and

story. year. p. m. previous openany The official to 9:30 p. m.—Church

Night.ing session will the Conference of be 10:15 a. m. to 12 noon—Annual 7:30Honor

of Convention Men M 9: Friday, delegates. Sunday, at the a. in June 7held 9 June m.

Recital, Tabernacle. 12:1 a. a. to 9:45 5—Organ Hall. m. 8:00 GeneralAssembly Sunew The m.—Testi- p. 1:45 to 3:30 p. m.

I. m,—EducaMeeting. theperintendency of mony Y. A. M. M.

all tional appreciation in meets a. to first 12will participate m. in 10:00 for the the time noon—General courses. Sessions for I. A. and Y. Conference. Allannual M. M. of membersthe Superintenjdency will appear as 5:00 p. m. to 7:00 p. m.—Recep- Y. W. M. I. A. separately.

Saltair. tion at to p. 2:00 p.speakers m. the sessions. 4:00 during m.—General to p. m. p. 9:00 8:00 the Session in Tabernacle under m.—Dance interest signal of Events in the prothe Festival of Demonstration First the direction Presidency of include addresses allgram members by year's this special dances four on the of Church.of the First Presidency; the nine edupar- couples program, with 500 p. to 9:30 7.30 m. p.cational meets, the culminating year's m.—General the ticipating. Introduction of Session. in appreciation courseswork throughfor dances 193536. two new a. annithe Celebrating twentieth theout setting Church, standards and

to p. m. 11:00 p. 9:00 Girls the versary of BeeHive m—Socialfor the season; the coming celebration

Dancing. organization.of the twentieth anniversary of the BeeHive Girls organization; the annual Saturday, June 8: b. Special features under the direception and dance festival at Saltair 8:30 a. m. to 9:30 a. m.—General rection of the General Superwith 500 couples dancing the four new Session. intendency and Presidency.

dances introduced a year ago; intro- -

duction of the dances for two next new he "Tell me,"commanded, of flyear; Romance introduction of the slogan new traitor?"the us is among "who

for the 193536; night; Church Honor began, she but gods—""The Citiesthe Two I. hobby the show; annual A. M.

fingers the words. back {Continued from choked page 363) histestimony meeting; the introducandtion of the study and appreciation >—4. Scrambling for relief, she capitucourses for the coming year for all dehaste for patience was never a virtue lated. David rested on his heels

partments. with me."and demanded:

Department sessions are to be feaThis time the silence was as the "Out with it or I will choke the tured prominently several with been. of extreme new other Out had it breath thy body."from bony

features and methods supervision of voice and the hag's hollow came once. at did Bithna answer notbeing introduced. the annual At sepulchral passed her throat, at clutched Sheluncheon for I. Stake Superin- A. M. well, Zaraof "Heed David eyes her over her drewtendents and hand Presidents, and the former of to the plan longcoming hemla, of expelled in themembers great breaths General she which Superintendcncy of the Y. M. M. I. A., Elders the gods and when thou leavest."the with difiiculty.George Albert Smith, Richard R. LyCity, she, too, shall go—"Speak!"man and Melvin J. Ballard, will be

special guests of honor. David, catching his At his sharp tone, she started

Directors of Eta and Publicity are breath, half rose. The voice conviolently, then said slowly:

to be given special recognition for the tinued: "There be no traitor."

outstanding work done in the campaign "Wine, commanded by Bithna, David laughed harshly.

which closed on April 15. shall cause the Lamanites to sleep "Just one moment more."He

Finals in Churchwide tournaments heavily. Be prepared. Have King reached for her, but with a great

in M Men softball, tennis. Vanguard Limhi send thee as one to carry his sigh as of resignation, she took

archery and flying, model airplane the marriage are offering to finger a of her wine handed ring and fromscheduled for places in the it at feast. recognize lightly not Nephites to him. do examined Heprogram. delegate The conMen prominentM It intent. so serious be prefirst, the of Lamanite, then the law withvention also will a feature. be Executives of the M. I. A. are negotiating pared and the Incomparable One, was broad and of curious workwith some outstanding national figures too, shall accompany thee—."manship. Inside was the signet

for participation in the Conference With a cry, David sprang upon of Limhi, King of the Nephites.

events. the crouching figure. His strong "Thou art a thief as well as a

An outline of the program is printed, fingers closed about her throat. spy,"he said positively, "for King

herewith. Complete details, including She fought desperately, throwing Limhi has no need of an ally such

housing, etc., leaders, will be published herself as thee."clutchforward and back,

in special for programs distribution in tearing ing, reaching, with Silently she arose, took a torch, at him advance of the Conference,

Thursday, June 6; wild claws, but his superior lit it at the fire, and went to the

relentlessly curtain to the strength bore her that hung at the back of 2:00 p. m. to 4:00'p.

face, m.—Drama floor. she purpling the room. With Educational meet.

6:30 p. m. to 7:30 p. m.—Drama nodded defeat. His fingers loosed "Come,"she commanded, needEducational meet. their hold slightly. lessly, for he was at her side.

-- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 1935

Drawing aside the Not until they were within Bithenemy, perhaps it was he in there curtain, she swung back a panel na's room again did either speak. with the witch. He listened inand disclosed an opening—and in "Dost thou believe me now?"tently.

it she held high her light. David she asked. "The answer has come,"the

gasped incredulously. Before him David was full of curiosity, but voice came to him distinctly, but in

receded a flight of stone steps huge she brushed aside his questions. a voice strange to his ear. It was

and solid. He followed closely as "'Tis a long story, but another heavy and strong, vibrant with

Bithna descended them. Ahead, time shall thou hear how Jehovah power. Was another in the room

faintly outlined and running away touched the heart of the witch. or could it be the witch. The voice

I conwas continuing:into blackness was a hall, with Thou seest for thyself."whybasket upon basket of grain, shintinue in sorcery—"Oh Mighty One, in whom the

ing golden maize and brown tinted She stopped abruptly and urged gods and thine own king are well barley. He drew his breath sharphim none too gently back through pleased—take heed! Watch thy

ly. The Witch smiled cryptically, the panel and drew the curtain, noble footsteps for there is danger

and drew him on. More grain and David's foot kept the panel from abroad. Thy fears are well

still more. Where had it come closing completely and in her hast founded."

from and why had it not been used she failed to notice. He put his David drew in a sharp breath.

to feed the hungering City? ear to the opening and listened. He It was Bithna. Her vocal powers

David recalled tales of the heard footsteps, the murmuring of were diabolic and what was she witch's hold on the Lamanites voices, then the angry voice of a telling?

yet she and her grandchild both Lamanite came to him clearly: "... These strangers meanlooked half starved. He gave a I'But here is gold—."harm to thee—"her voice sankviolent start. What had he heard? "Corn,"the witch reiterated lower—"until the night of thy,"That the child had died recently, smoothly, and David imagined her marriage they will do nothing—

illness induced by hunger, someone unconcernedly gazing into the fire. With an oath, the Lamanite

had said. Then, startlingly, her After a pause, he heard footsteps sprang to his feet; David hurled

motive stood clear before him, the receding and almost at once they himself through the opening and motive behind this hoarding of returned with others. David grinunder the curtain—fool he'd beengrain. The grain—King Limhi's ned—the Lamanite must have extoring—but what a motive that gave pected the order. themtrustboth.the oldHehag.poisedHe'dfor astranglespringsuch self control and abstinence. "How much?"—then curt and commanding, The witch snapped—"Three came the witch's words, rapped

1 AST the grain Bithna baskets."with anger:

sped with astonishing speed, on The Lamanite had reentered the "Keep thine eyes upon the fire, and on through the darkness. inner room, evidently the corn oh great and illustrious Nanaaha,

When she stopped, they were facstayed in the outer; and the eager lest the spell be broken and we learn

ing a stone door. listener heard him grunt heavily nothing; watch closely. All evil

"Open it,"she commanded. One as he sank to the cushion. and intruding spirits, depart."

hand holding her, David tried with The witch then began her ritual, the other. It stood solid as a and what David had heard before, IHERE was no doubt

mountain, indifferent to his puny was as nothing compared with it. for whom that command was

strength. Evidently, she meant to give her given, and David hesitated. The

"Use both hands,"she urged. superstitious visitor full value for Lamanite sank to the cushion, his Still it refused to budge. Handhis coin—or corn, rather. His eyes focused upon the fire, which,

ing him the torch she removed a frightened gasps reached the eager with a swift pass of Bithna's hand small stone from one side of the listener, and David's own heart had dimmed startlingly. Again,

casement and thrust in a bony pounded violently in spite of his she was muttering meaningless hand. reasonings. Resolutely, he turned phrases, her voice growing louder

"Now try."his thoughts to this passage—the and more high pitched with each

It swung in with astonishing secret pass, known only to a few word. David dropped the curtain

ease, disclosing another flight of and the cynosure of all their hopes before him. He could wait and if

be, stop the Lamanite before steps rose that night. into the Up oflivedescape.in this Nohovel.wonderTherethewaswitchno heneedleft the room. went, they through another door

and David found himself in a danger of its discovery so long as When he dropped the curtain, thicket of underbrush and trees. she guarded its entrance—and the Bithna's voice instantly dropped

she have must to a normal level, and she said incredulously. gazed aboutHe

it. A beengrain! accumulatingHow long a evenly: What short distance behind lay the sombre stone walls of the city faintly Godsend if she meant it for the "Once more the gods favor us

etched in the darkness. people. With their increased follow closely as they continue."

is one plans "The secret pass,"he ejaculated. strengththis grainfromto afeedgoodthemsummeron theirand who"Amongcovets thesethy bride.strangers,He

"The secret pass,"she echoed, way. King Limhi's plan of escape to do thee harm and steal her bethen, "we must haste."to Zarahemla was worthy of fulfore she becomes thy wife. For

Drawing the shrubs and vines filment. That plan was secret, thy protection have all thy men

close, to again screen the opening, known only to a trusted few, yet attend thee at the finishing of the retraced their they steps stone this to the sprang sudmarriage the witch—a ceremony—let door, the blackness, through denly passed his into guards remain at Lamaneach thoughtmind—the gate—keeponly the grain ite, the steps and up again. his Mighty One, others arch the The sight. within thy Two

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE. 1935 -

at each gate can protect the City their Gods were well pleased with thine;"then she continued rapidly.

from the puny strength of thy them and would aid them in de- "Thou knowest Gideon's plan to slaves. Guard thine own person fending the City—only he must send wine, much wine, to the marwell, and when the Fair One has wait the word of command. riage feast. Be one who helps to

been thy bride one night and one When the sound of his retreating carry it. Once inside the Lamanite

day, return and the gods will tell footsteps had died away, David, stronghold remain and see that thee where the strangers hide. Then rather crestfallen stepped from bedoors are unbarred from within.their punishment may be swift and hind the curtain. Bithna sat as Await me there and—"she eyed

sure. The time is not yet ripe for before. him scornfully, "guard thyself

their capture, so watch carefully "A rash head is a worse enemy well. Now go."

and bide thy time."to his City than a spy,"she rehe began. "But—,"Much more she said, launching marked acidly. David flushed. "Begone,"she commanded, and

into a torrent of praises for the "No harm was done."David went.

Mighty One and his valiant men; "But not through any merit of (To be Concluded)

it, I have danced you all know for myBrigham Young possiblefood supply.meansBrotherof increasingThomastheJ. Lordlife never commanded me to dance, yet is before world. while the; Yet

it. has Lord to do never commanded meand the 'Touth Thurston,men of thatoneday,of decidedthe resourcefulto build the that permitted it. I do not He has know

Movement"atheboatlakeandon explorea chancethe ofislandsaddingin Heplayeverat ball,commandedyet He permitsthe boysit. toI goam andnot

(Continued from page 356) somewhat to their food prospects. awarea theatre,that butHe everHe hascommandedpermittedusit,to andbuildI

daughter, Julia Mrs. give the reason Recreation Cordelia can why. and> 4 His as necessary are diversion to our wellbeing feelingly wrote Smith, Thurston

it a are dancingroom combined are serious the pursuits of life. more and a of this event as

theatrical stage forsmall performances. is in not but There the world a man

That is our funhall, and not a place in "Because of the scarcity of food, people what, if kept at any one branch of busiwhich to administer the sacrament. We were investigating every avenue that seemness or study, will become like a machine.

dedicated it to the purpose for which it ed possible to furnish food and my father, Our pursuits should be so diversified as to was built, and from the day we first met Stephen Spaulding, William W. Potter and develop every trait of character and dithere until now I would rather see it laid Joseph Mount built a boat with which versity of talent. If you would develop

in ashes in a moment than to see it posto explore Salt Lake and the large island every power and faculty possessed by your sessed by the wicked. We prayed that the lying west of the city and with Jedediah children, they must have the privilege of

Lord would preserve it to the Saints; and M. Grant and Parley P. Pratt as invited engaging in and enjoying a diversity of

if it could not thus be preserved, let it guests were the first of our people to naviamusements and studies; to attain great

be destroyed and not be occupied by the gate the lake. They named their boat the excellence, however, they cannot all be

wicked. You know what spirit attends 'Mud Hen'on account of the game they kept to any one individual branch of

that room. There we have had governors, killed on their trip. study."(J. D. p. 6061.)

judges, doctors, lawyers, merchants, passers- "The boat was built in our house.

by, etc., who did not belong to our Mother had a beautiful oiled tablecloth, His view of dancing as a diverhas universal the beenChurch, and cross what pale center in blue bars the with and sion President is wholesome.

'Ideclaration every of never each and one? the edge, to flowers use too good on much tells us that: Woodruff all life in at before itfelt so well table, so any she kept rough and on our my

party as I do here;'and the Saints do not carefully rolled up on a roller.... You "The following are the words of Presfeel as well in any other place of amusemay imagine how I felt when my father ident Young which gave his views of the

ment."(J. D. 9:194.) tore this beautiful cloth into strips two ball room, and which he gave on the eveor three inches wide and covered it with ning of the 2nd, 1854: 'I consider this

He advised other communities to black tar and 'corked'the boat with it!"a suitable place to give some instructions.

do likewise. On one of his trips The world considers it very wicked for a

Christian to hear to dance. music and that day, people of The youngto the settlements he said:

preachers fiddling say that music and pleasures the of Many however, enjoyed learn "I to very pleased would be that the lake, as they do today. fiddling,come fromtherehell,is nobutmusicI sayin hell.there Musicis no Miller, preparBishop, Brotheryour was

ing a place for parties; with a little pond belongs to heaven, to cheer God, angels,

to float boats on, and other means of enDancing and Social Diversion and men. If we could hear the music

assemble the people couldjoyment, where exercises. theto have their Get young lATISE leaders recognize that thereus mortals.is in heaven,Music andit dancingwould overwhelmare for the

minds to follow after you in these things, young people must have an benefit of holy ones, and all those who and they will follow after you in every outlet for their youthful energies come here tonight who are not holy and righteous not do and have worship God like thatprecept is good. I would And legitimate made and if it can be is here.'right to and no come steps taking Bishopsto hear of other their then to upbuilding whole being religion; of part atour no but...whenDancing we places suitable forprepare the pursame

pose."(J. D. 12:239.) is benefited. The people were entend to it for our amusement, we do it in

couraged to dance away their cares the name of the Lord, just as we attend

Pleasures of Salt Lake as well as to sing away their gloom. tofordanyWoodruff,other business."p. 354.) (History of WilBrigham's opinion is thus exfirst the were the peoplepROM pressed: misinterpret T some might EST pleasures the to of advised enjoy

labor, our everyday our work, "Our position, his he said further on Salt in theboating bathing and of our are scope lives the within whole this topic: springs also the to use hot andLake believe and religion. is what This we

for their health as well as their what we try to practise. Yet the Lord "I want it distinctly understood that

fiddling are part dancing of and our no things that a great permits He never manypleasure. the nearfamine During

asked. question be worship. I heard frequently The may have commands. my crops hadof 1848 when so many it is I answer, that the for then? in the Christian world What make old brethren

been destroyed by the crickets, the remarks about the impropriety of indulgbody may keep pace with the mind. My

people were bent on using every ing in pastimes and amusements. The mind labors like a man logging all the

<- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 1935

time; and this is the reason why I am let them dance; let them talk and play; Brigham well understood these

give pastimes; these theyfond of me a but not do any wrong."(J. D. 12:239.) truths and taught them. On one

off,privilege to everything and shake throw told in a rather graphic he exercise,myself, body may that my and my The Power of Evil occasion evil encountered he had way how get strength, for?mind rest. What To

and be renewed and quickened, and en- ]\TO one recognized more keenly and had won. He says:

livened, so that animated, and mind my that did than Brigham Young I that "I pro- a remember made when tells us out. Experience not wearmay religion, fession called after of is being alert an to evil the ever the one on

of the inhabitants the the that of most infidel I Christians, the to often used by alpath seem the downward make their wearearth bodies without wear out a little get puzzled. Evil would One The luring glamorous. all, and suffertheir the The ating through minds I this, to that, that whisper done had me

labor, ings endure they with from hard not his people were of day young or other thing inquire wrong, and some distress, poverty and want. While on the tempted with the social cigarette or whether that looked like a Christian act,

a great of hand, portion mankindother missed remark. and have 'You it; you offered cocktail being them on every laboring, their bodies without outwear it; have right, not done and you know as all times, and at any hand and (Mill. in Star,only anxiety."1852, pp. as well a in thing such you did not do

261262.) they are today, but they unquesyou might; and are you not ashamed ofas

tionably had to meet and overcome yourself in saying that you are a ChrisThe attitude of the leaders totemptation. The leaders undertian? You profess the religion of Jesus

the manifest music, the such weakness!'drama, andward and now deChrist, people that stood young most

I, it is Said Devil, 'Mr. of busyour none justarts as comprehensive and was sire a very to that only do right and iness. behind, before, go or or You may it as dancencouraging toward was evil perverts to good. in prefer direction; few any other but I have you and

ing, picnics, or the more quiet social However, evil often comes in the dissolved partnership; and what I do, I

pleasaestheticaffairs Ufe. a of accountable to glorious for More am more correct socially guise of something

are. than Being as long were you So weures forgotten. Debatwere not the only recognized be and by may I in partnership, to give account had an Societies were Literarying and its effects are fact that cumulative of is to doings not but you; my now sothe chief offormed, which was for to fret yourself about doing, you a ever does demoralizing. myit No one

called Society. Polysophical One for interest in you have whatsoever no at great the once; even murwrong

the matter.'thus acted I have folwith as And sessions is described theseof derer for himself has prepared until that his him time from (J. now."D.lows: series final a crime of countless by 7:6.)

"The Polysophical Society held a very tiny offenses not essentially wicked brilliant celebration 25th and the 24th on in of themselves. and The Apex His downof the "Youth

in Social Hall. theof July bands Two course with ward Movement"may have begun glee a attendance, a choir, inof music were

party, a serenade band, and a comic singer. the creation of an abnormal appe- N nothing did Brigham Young

its also pianos, were were a I which twoThere indulgence tite and with his prove grasp wise of the probladies, alternately andplayed by upon (socalled) apharmless little "Whitelems in of sponthan youth more essays, addresses,propriate were and poems slaver"a or "pickme-up."Manydelivered various soring the male members, the organizations the by for

and female. Altogether it was a rich infind too late that indulgence of unyoung people of the Church. For

tellectual feast."

greater nothing we give him may Vol.Star, 17, p. 651.)

gratitude, for (George A. Smith, Mill. naturaleventually—itappetitecannotleadsbe otherwiseto harm honor the and youth

through though some—even conof are the citizens today of tomorentertainments, remember,pHESE trol stop crime against short of may

is their welfare row paraand outpost were held in 1855 in an themselves. anyone but these In mount. organizations theof civilization.

The celebration of National and preparation and demands of youth

State holidays was sane and furmay be successfully met. They

nished the people, young and old, were organized by a wise leader with safe outlets for their emothat they might be conducted by tions. The excursions which the young people for young people, to

leaders made to visit the settlements secure the permanent advancement were always great events and gave of youth.

firstthe people much pleasure and recreThe young women were the ation. At one of them Brigham to be organized. This began as a

retrenchment society for his daughsaid:

"The brethren here have caught us as ters. His words on that occasion

they generally do. I had no thought of are pregnant with deep meaning:

any person coming to meet us, nor of "We are about to organize a Retrenchseeing the schools lining the road. I thank ment Association, which I want you all

them for their good feelings to the Elders to join, and I want you to vote to reof Israel. But is there any good in it? trench in your dress, in your tables, in

silly, all of I lightextravagant speeches a hununder mean andYes,people—thatit attracts the attention of the young your speech, wherein you have been guilty

feelings, their of in mindednessdred thought. everyand Retrench years old—elevatesis,

is reflections thingis calculated that induce to worthless, and bad imand and thoughts of a life that is useful; and they prove in everything that is good and beauwill think when are we going to have tiful. Not to make yourselves unhappy,

another meeting? When is Brother Brigbut to live so that you may be truly

ham coming to see us again; with Brother happy in this life and the life to come."

Wells, and Brother Cannon, and others?'(History of the Y. L. M. I. A.)

It will have the effect of drawing them to good, and they will follow after good The young men were organized

Is therecontinually. any in Sunday harm years after the young women, JOSEPH SMITH MORONI ANGEL FROM six AND It parties? the THE ofSchool is one No!

CITY CHAPEL. SALT IN A PHOTO LAKE A MURAL similar selfex- for with aims of harmless kinds enjoyment whenmost BY RUST RICHARD

conducted aright. If they wish to dance. pression and selfimprovement.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 19 3 5- >

Junius F. Wells, who was called years old and even younger, make up your trusted to exercise full freedom to

rectitude out of the path to mark the act the minds self in all for to organize think and Brigham Youngby is evil for yourselves, presented, and when life that understand! they of A., explainsY. how the M. M. L let it pass preaffairs by unnoticed and by you

name came into being serve yourselves in truth, in righteousness, life is a great adventure and to holiness virtue before the Lord. and live to the full they succeed and

the as to question what came up "The the tradiof Christ "If the becomes law intelligent give and as prompt must nearly called; as as besociety should and tion people, this children the will be of

I can recall his (Brigham Young's) words brought up according to the law of the obedience to the "rules of the game"they were as follows: 'We want to orcelestial kingdom, else they are not in their religion (which are comganize the young men into an association brought up in the way they should go."prised in the principles of the Gosmutual improvement association—a—an Christ) of Jesus as they would Men's (J. D. 3:327; 11:118; 2:17; 15:83.) pelimprovement association—Young the of to the directions respond Association. There's ImprovementMutual

your name.'That is how we came by The Call of Youth captain of their football squad. No

speaking he went name. onour Then resents rules the or folobeying life exone YOUNG'S in gRIGHAM said exercises. toregard He our we should of the captain direction of lowing roll at the all the a of members, and a keen appreciapressed alwayshave

first meeting commence at the head of the tion for and an understanding of his team. So it is with life. Christ

arise if call speak. roll to and to them and upon is our Captain and we listen he the problems of youth. Could

get to into our he: boysSaid want 'We are direction to win, His bound we today, with them knowing to say the speak in of something tryingthe habit ultimately. beset the temptations people have the of which Lord. manyname More

is the "Youth Movement"received testimonies on their feet than them, he would advise them to Nor as for their knees them."praying planned and Brigham on by Youngdown realize their privileges opporand

ch. (History of the Y. L. M. I. A., affair. successors his All a 4, p solemn tunities are before they squandered 61.) life dissipathe (not the joys of social after in useless preschasing

tions) right youth, to belong by tige other pursuits. or unworthy associations have twoPHESE full are to given freedom grow who assure that the would them new lines, parallel but He along worked legitimate exercise in of every the as developed of modes thought

interest joint of in meetingsonly privpleasure pastime. and The great science the advance of from

forces, Brigham they combinedo act, ilege to to think, of freedom fit all the philosophy into and may the young making opposedYoung live belongs to enjoy, to wholly all gospel for scheme, that embraces as a individuals or asladies ward in every to those choose age who truth. or educated, truly youth A the to men'sunit, adjunct young an right. to do life, for as prepared with much girls theassociation. said He is challenge yours, oh Youth The being, to time given thought and experience training theneeded and are going of you Today! What spirit the the or development of were they gained only beto when are to going with do you it? How soul as will the to never mind, separate as a organleft function to it? to meet into the slough of wander doubt their carryingization, out own success as bespeak for you, We despair will or probe always and as activities. met,public They were he would do Young tected great temptation and Brigham from

the today, with youngthey men do give to his here personal today you sin. childprepared youth from A effortsto combine programs and faith desire for in message of your ideals of truth in hood with and in open amusements, monthlyward in trust righteousness your and in his soul ingrained honor may conferthe annualprograms, and progress. for must power You all future sucthe the demand from in Salt inences the Tabernacle big for shoulgood,"your on "make is cess happiness to and which man girls the City. Otherwise,Lake rests responsibility ders future the fail. heir. the in cannot For He theirare out allowed to work own of the Cause of you which Truth fine character deof mechanism

problems. velopment planned for youth by must teach to the world for its

These two powerful youth orBrigham Young and the Pioneers, regeneration. Truth and brothganizations have done "a marfull scope is given for the exercise erly love alone may save the world

velous work and a wonder"for the of every latent gift and power of from utter degeneration and darkis the privilege toyoung people, many thousands of every one of the youth of modern ness, and yours whom are now parents and grandIsrael. spread the Light.

parents of the youth of today. The "Youth Movement"today

The good they have accomplished as always is rrierely an attempt to cannot be overestimated. find the better way of life and in

that there is no safer guide than

AS a final message to young peothat prescribed in the Gospel of ple Brigham Young might say Jesus Christ.

as he did on one occasion:

"In their youth they ought to learn T LOVE the acquaintance of the principles and doctrines of their faith, young people,"said Dr. Samuel

the arguments for truth, and the advanJohnson; "Because in the first

tages of truth.

place, I do not like to think myself "I wish the daughters of Israel to far exceed their mothers in wisdom. And I growing old. In the next place,

wish the young rnen and boys to far exceed young acquaintances must last their fathers. I wish my sons to far longest, if they do last; and then,

virtue. in and goodnessexceed me sir, virtues more young men have "REEFED"

faithful, be to say men, "I young our old they have than more men; Davidson, by R. Vanguard Photo Warner

is before you, for what not do you know Leader, Huntington Park Ward, rein every sentiments hds generous abstain bad and bad and company from A ngeles.

habits. Let me say to the boys, sixteen spect."

-4.- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 1935

Honoring Karl G. Again"Say toquoting:thy soul, no unclean I wasI shallmademakethea confession.president ofWhenthe

of here."Stake Tooele shall enter and Zion made thing myMaeser I ideas speech in of ran out maiden rather "I would trust my child (Continued from page 343)

the a half it in the seven minutes to place and by than to a serpent. '4> teacher."a very irreligious watch. night I heard That of an hands

understand as much as I did. But "All our prayers are addressed contemptuous voice in the dark.

it is only fair to say that every word in the handwriting of the heart, "Well, it is a pity if the General was used exactly as it should have readable to God and ourselves Authorities of the Church had to been, and that the man had a fine only."import a boy from the city to come

spirit. He had the finest vocabu- "Authority must be as an iron out here to preside over us they

lary of any man I ever knew and fist in a velvet glove."could not have found one with

was a first class Latterday Saint. "The very term 'Authority'imsense enough to talk ten minutes."

I do not remember now anything plies veneration."So you see he held his stop watch

that he said. "If we knew the design of our on me, he knew I did not take ten

The next man who got up to father in heaven in respect to us we minutes. I knew I did not, because

speak, if he had been offered a prewould thank him for all the ex- I timed myself—seven and a half

mium to murder the queen's Engperiences that visit us."minutes was the limit. The next

lish he could not have done it "The Lord is never in debt to speech, and the next, and the next any better. He would have won anyone."were the same. One of them was

first prize. I was attending a "Make the man within you your only five minutes. The next speech

grammar school three evenings a living ideal."was at a little town called Vernon,

week and we had to bring to class "Youth demand recreation, and sometimes called Stringtown, as it two sentences each time, sentences if it is not provided in high places, spread over twelve miles as I rethat we had heard that were not will seek it in low places."member it.

grammatically correct, with our "It is our privilege to become so As we were going to the meeting corrections. attached to our duties that temp- I was with the bishop, Brother

I said to myself, "I wish I could tation shall have no power to lead John C. Sharp, and I did not see

write with my left hand, I could us astray."anybody going to meeting. The

get enough grammatical mistakes "The old man taught in a cabin Bishop said, "Oh, there will be in thirty minutes to last me all but his boys have built a palace."somebody there."We were going

winter in the night school. I "Do we not often take the credit up a little hill and when we got to

searched my pockets again and when we excel instead of giving it the top of the hill we found a found a letter on which was some to God? We are not yet humble number of wagons and white tops

I correcting space, startedblank and at a log was therefore, enough and when we house—it speaker thatthe the mistakes made meeting see did not speech, or or offer a fine prayer the meetinghouse—but first sentence. inin his I became in. going anybody Satan allow whatever be, we it may

terested in what the man was sayto flatter us, and say, 'How beau- I said: "There doesn't seem to

ing, and when he got through I tiful.'To the Lord alone is due be anybody going to meeting."

there the tearswas sitting with "Oh, I think you'll find He said,rolling cheeks. down The the praise."my

there."somebodyfirst great impression profound

made upon the eternal part of me When we got inside, -the meeting (that shall live forever); viz., that house was crowded. We went in

God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, at two minutes to two and nobody the Son of God, the Redeemer of else came in afterwards. I conthe world, and that Joseph Smith gratulated the Bishop after the

was in very deed a prophet of God, meeting on having educated his was made upon me by that brother people to be so prompt.

who murdered the queen's English. He said: "Most of them have

to hitch up a team to come here, "PHANK the Lord that from that and I have told them they could

I am sure just as well hitch it up a few minday until today—and

it is all of sixty years ago, because utes earlier and be here at two min-

I will be seventyeight next month, utes to two o'clock, so there will and I know I was not yet eighteen be no disturbance."

at the time—in time and eternity I had taken a couple of brethren

I shall be grateful to that brother. with me that day to do the preach-

I would no more have thought of ing. I got up expecting to take five

taking those corrections to that or six minutes and talked fortyfive class and let them be laughed at by minutes with as much ease, if not the students than I would have more, than I have ever enjoyed thought of profaning the name of since. I shed tears of gratitude that

God, and since that time it has night to the Lord for the inspiranever been offensive to me to hear tion of his Spirit.

a man murder the queen's English Photo by Raymond Kooyman. The next Sunday I went to

if he spoke under the inspiration MILL IN OVER YOSEL, SWITZERLAND Grantsville, the largest town in of the Spirit of the Lord. Tooele County, and got up with

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE. 1935 >-

all the assurance in the world and He was a man of marvelous and and the weather was hot and sultold the Lord I would like to talk wonderful faith. I shall read an try. The mass of new students

fortyfive minutes, and ran out of instance kindly related by H. H. had to be taken care of, and the

ideas in five. I not only ran out Cummings. number of visitors like myself

of ideas in five minutes, but I was "One morning while I was visitdrew somewhat on his time and perspiring and walked fully two ing the Academy at Provo, I noenergy.

and a half if not three miles, after ticed Brother Maeser entering the "My sympathy was immediately that meeting, to the farthest haybuilding, looking pale and tired. aroused in his favor, and once or

stack in Grantsville, and kneeled He was, to all appearances, a very twice I thought to suggest to him behind that haystack and asked the sick man, but he pursued his usual that he ought to go home and go

Lord to forgive me for my egotism labors without complaint. It was to bed. He went home to his

in that meeting and made a pledge early fall, school had just opened lunch and returned looking so reto the Lord that never again in my freshed, so full of vigor, that I exlife would I stand before an audipressed to him my surprise and ence without asking for His Spirit gratification at the great improve-

I take pernorto help me, would in ment so evident his physical Patriarchs and

I creditsonally the for anything condition, for I told that his himsaid, and I have kept this pledge. Patriarchal History appearance during the forenoon

to were brought Things my feel that to made be he ought me 25, Patriarch August 1934, QN fortyfive in that minutemind in bed. Wallis to James climbed H. I atspeech Vernon which had interest "Seeing in and my the Patriarch, of top so Mount I prize child.learned as a a won solicitude for him, he modestly late Elder the B. named by H. Robbetterfor repeating other than any told durwhat happened had me erts president while the of he was in thestudent Thirteenth Ward I the ing hour. I were noon wish States Mission, Eastern where five chapters School fromSunday able exact his to so quote words, Patriarch discussed the Wallis topic IfJacques'Catechism. had you full faith. childlike of humble, "Patriarchs Patriarchal Hisand it itever seen think you would was a deep impression made upon They saints before tory about 100 and as repeatingnearly as the much as I sure mind, they would am my

four Gospels in the New Testary ',">yyx';""""on the mind of anyone who should

ment. read them.

related that reached "He he when again:QUOTING a he such home had headache and deceives is a others "He who ill, felt so said he could he not condeceives himselfknave, but he who tinue his for the in that work day

is a fool."condition. I 'So said, went,'he

"The Lord has unconditionally 'Into my closet and knelt down declared the triumph of His before the Lord and told him I had

Church, but his promises to me are so much work to do and it was so all conditional. My concern, thereimportant, that he must make me

fore, is about myself."well, and I was healed Instantly.'

"What we did before we came "His looks as well as his actions here conditions us here, and what that afternoon certainly proved the we do here will condition us in the truth of what he had said. This

world to come."little incident has been a wonderful

"If it should please my Heavenly aid to me many times since that

Father, I shall be a teacher in PATRIARCH JAMES H. WALLIS ON MT. day."

Heaven."PATRIARCH, VERMQNT Nothing in all my life has been

"Let your first 'Good Morning'such an aid to me in the battle of be to your Father in Heaven."investigators who had climbed the life, as in the hour of extreme suf-

I remember hearing him say, hill with him. fering and great anxiety, to go to

"And let your last 'Good Evening'Mount Patriarch is the highest the Lord and to have my prayers be to your Father in Heaven also."hill among those adjacent to the answered. I have known no man

"A true Latterday Saint is one Joseph Smith Memorial Farm in who had more humility and more who has dedicated himself, soul Sharon, Windsor County, Verabsolute confidence in God than and body, to God in all things mont. Karl G. Maeser, and there could be

temporal and spiritual, in all his The two opening hymns were no greater evidence of it than this doings, in all the meditations of his "High On The Mountain Top,"incident related by Horace H. Cumheart, in all his desires, his anticipaand "For the Strength of the mings.

tions and hopes for the future, in Hills."May God bless each and all of

life and death; to belong to the In a letter to Dr. John A. Widtus, that we may so order our lives

Lord only, and has based all his soe Patriarch Wallis said: "I was that our influence may be along the

actions, all his thoughts, all his enthe first Patriarch to speak at a resame line as Brother Maeser's, that deavors, all his interests upon that ligious service on this elevated spot it will be felt for good by all those foundation—that he belongs to of ground."The occasion was the who come in contact with us.

the Lord."This is the only one annual conference of the Canadian humble prayer, and I ask it in the

of all the chapter headings which Missionaries, friends, and investiname of Jesus Christ, our Re-

I was going to read. gators."deemer. Amen,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE. 1935

into matrimony? You're my idea, der before he felt her stiffen andHearts—and Alice, and I want you to marry draw away.

said. be- "I

thinkTimpanogos me.Cardigan was kneeling in the lieve"Wait,you. Mel,"I thinksheyou you

(Continued from page 346) snow trying to assist her in digging love me. I'm happy Chat you

}* 4i it out from the tops of her boots. think enough of me to ask me to

Cardigan, her legs on either side of "I mean it, Alice, I'm in earnmarry you. Any girl should be

him. Story, after some coaxing, est. I'm asking you to marry me."happy when a man expresses his

sat behind Alice. % Alice looked up at Cardigan a respect and confidence in her by "Now hold tight,"Cardigan adsmile on her lips, then she saw his asking such a question, but—but

monished. "Don't let the train face. The smile died. She knew

break in two. I'll do what guiding he had never been more in earnest "But what?"he asked. "Don't

there is to be done. Keep your in his life. you love me, Alice?"

heels up and your eyes shut. Here "What a place for a proposal.""I don't know, Mel, in thatwe go!"She scooped a handful of snow out way—."She was in a panic. "I've He shoved himself over. He of her ears, but she did not man-—never thought of it just that way

could feel Alice's arms tighten age the light tone she had intended and having it come now when the around his waist, and heard the to use. "Mel, whatever are you breath was all but out of me has

sharp intake of her breath as they saying?"she added as if in a frantic stunned me, I guess."She shook

seemed to sail into snow-j&lled effort to stop further words. the damp hair back from her brow.

space. "You heard me,"he answered. "But I can't answer, now. I can't

The ride was a mad one. The "I am asking you to marry me possibly answer now."take my name. She stood up.headdrift unusually high and to be my wife—to

I am saying. I "You've got to answer somesteep, gave them a tornado speed. You know what

I'm hinting time, why not now?"he argued. The rut which they found themlove you—that's what

loved you."He She raised her damp face to theselves in was worn deep and they at—I've always

had difficulty keeping their heels took one of her hands. mountain. He followed her gaze

dear,"she answered "Mel, simto see where they could a figureout trouble. of Cardigan had no

ply... I thought you. "I heard its working over the way down totime say anything anyor do

ever rocks at the edge of the glacier. Anthing but hold himself from an you were joking.... Who

ignominious headlong flight, by heard of a proposal at such a time, icy hand took hold of Cardigan's means of his elbows which he dug in such a place?"heart.

not Alice; you're skip it, "Alice, "Ah, don't youinto the either side as he on snow

sense. asking talking to don't you I'm that mean you'vemean—youpromflew along. to held Miss on He

Arnet. marry me."ised...."

Just before the slide leveled off, "I heard you.""He asked me up on the saddle,"

a hole made by a stone which had "Then why don't you say someshe said in a low voice, melted into the glacier, served as thing?"He bent towards her. Cardigan felt as if he had sud-

a jumpoff and he went up into the "Don't keep up that line. I'm denly become a part of the icy

air only to come down on Miss serious."glacier itself. Finally he fished his

Arnet's lap. There was a breathhat out of a snowbank where it

less moment and then both lost IT E pulled her towards had been partially covered by the their balance and they sprawled him. At first he felt her yield. loose snow.

head first, coming to a stop in a Her damp head reached his shoul- "I'm sorry, Alice,"he said. "I

tangle of arms and legs. was too slow. I stood around and

let this eastern savant beat me. But

believe I I'll me say when that sat up. C ARDIGAN always adore you. get Let's going;

as "Are you dead?"he called, it's getting late."

he raised Miss Arnet's head and "But, Mel, I..."

ears brushed of her out the snow all right, "That's Alice,"said. he eyes.and

fault. "All called, Story!"he my she exclaimed, "Entirely,"her his voice reverberating cliff from teeth a in smile, gleaming "That cliff. to will "Miss for Arnet wait

a ride!"was there at you the glacier edge the of

"It he was,"admitted soberly. will and with go to the you down

is learned friend?"our "Where lake. Alice,"Goodbye, as said he

is still "I think the he top of on started he glacier the half down glacier else or laboriously making sliding half and running. "I hope

its his edge,"around down way your wish comes god true—that answered, fussing she hair her with will bring Timpanogos everyyou

which was like spun gold in its thing wonderful."

masses of snow. "He quit us be- "Mel,"she called, but he heeded

fore we started. Didn't have the her not.

nerve to jump off, I suspect."

"Then it's my opportunity,"Mel CARDIGAN

Cardigan declared. "What was wondered as he approached his imthat he said about scaring a girl THE HEART OF TIMPANOHOS provised camp the following Sat387

T,HE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE, 1935- >

urday who could have ridden along vincingly in Cardigan's face. "Do nounced. "Pitch in here and we'll

the trail ahead of him from Bear you know that she let me take this have those sourdough doughgods

Creek to Timpanookie, horse—rented it at the Cave—she ready in a jiffy and then, by the He had been over on the head of paid for it. Now that's what I call wars, we'll do a little visiting of

Battle Creek to see if the drift swell, but I can't figure sis out. the cave on our own account. Come

fences were properly up and that She ain't usually so good."on, you Chink, get going."

cattle were not being shoved with- "You're talkin'now,"Chuck out permit onto the Wasatch Were there any exclaimed, as he began building a

Range. teachers with the bunch?"Cardifire on theidead ashes beside which

Coming out into the clearing gan asked, as he tied his picket rope sat the waiting bake oven.

where his tent was pitched, he was to his horse's front leg, busying horse surprised to himself a saddled to see his curiosity. hidenot entered had iHE party near by.grazing Dr. with bit in mouth "Only McGregor after a hurried and Miss the cave when,

Somebody was inside the tent. Ayres,"the boy answered. "They climb, sweating and out of breath,

Cardigan dismounted and apwas goln't'eat at the foot of the Cardigan and the boy reached its

I didn't then and go up, but to trail expecting cautiously,proached his entrance. shook The guide

wait. to eat here I came with upsurprise the threw back visitor. He to enter. asked head when Cardiganthe flap of the tent. the ranger—I didn't know it would "You'll have to wait until the

"I've caught you!"he shouted. be you."party is out,"he said.

little beat heart a Cardigan's freckledfaced "Is that so!"A Stringham,"Cardigan "Come, faster spite in his cool of head. rose fourteen of fromboy in. pleaded. us "Let know You all Alice so good was of a the Why bed.ranger's

us. will molest the not formaWe his to sudden coming Chuck? Did exCardigan Arnet!""Chuck

.. tions. a need guide don't We? all at a anything For week mean broughtclaimed. you "What times, a in been we've both hundred his eating he heart been had nowhere?"haven't we. Chuck."every out remembering and waking impudently. horse,""My

"And how?"Cardigan asked, moment two violet eyes, a snow- "Sure,"Chuck replied. "I

"How did you know where to field cradled in shadowed rocks, and know that cave from the mourning find me?"a dark figure of a man laboriously doves to the vegetable garden."

"Al told me there was a camp making his way down over the The guide finally relented and unlocked the door. this surely But kid's comget rocks. I'dup here somewhere—that ing to his didn't anyCardigan in front, camp mean The two, breada chance at some sour dough

if I came up."thing. hastened along the tunnel, up the

"Alice? Where is she?"Car- "Darn fool,"he said, shaking nutcracker stairs, under the chimdigan was trying to act casual as his head to clear his thinking. ney. Finally they could hear voices

he unsaddled his horse. "What?"Chuck shrieked, and knew they would soon over-

"Ah, her and a bunch of sumamazed. take the crowd. In the distance

merschool folks have gone visitin'"Darn cool,"Cardigan answered they could see the red glow of the the Timpanogos Cave. I can't grinning. "Cool for the middle of heart of Timpanogos.

figure her out."Chuck Arnet the day, Chuck.""You sneak up quietly and join

raised his hand and shook it con- "Say, old timer,"he finally anthe crowd, old timer,"Cardigan

Both are now holding responsible office positions ENROLL IN A SCHOOL Henager Winners at the World's Fair in 1934

THAT IS PRODUCING WINNERS, ONE

THAT HAS A NATIONAL REPUTATION

SUMMER CLASSES ARE NOW STARTING Special and regular courses given during the summer months in all commercial subjects. Make your summer's

efforts worthwhile by preparing for aGraduates—269position quickly.calls forPositionsoffice Kelpfor

1 2 studentsreceived during past year—

placed in permanent positions last month. Call, write or phone for catalog. HENACERMention Era in writing.

45 BUSINESSE. Broadway D. B. Moench,COr.LEGEMgr. Was. 2753

Largest and Best Equipped in InterMountain Territory Virginia Martin Beth Anderson

THE IMPROVEMENT ER:A. APRIL. 1935

whispered. "See what they're say- a roseate halo over her fair face light. He bent over her, but she

ing."and her hair, roughed a little from drew away.

The boy shuffled along the tunthe climb, but moistened by the "And what are you more than nel and was soon lost to view. humid air of the cave was like, poet?"she asked again, he thought

Cardigan followed keeping in the well, like a gorgeous head of hair, a bit tremulously.

shadows. He wished, if he could, around her winsome face. He "The others have left the next

to get Alice alone. He wanted trembled. No pretending War room,"he said. "Let's go in there,

more than he would admit, to surEagle who had once inhabited that and I'll tell you."

prise her in the hope that she would cave could have loved the Indian They passed through the apersay something that would give him maid as he did this lovely creature. ture, he holding her hand. They

an opening to talk with her again. found themselves in the Bridal

His opportunity came sooner Chamber, a gorgeous little room than he expected. As the party JlIER teeth gleamed like finished in motherof-pearl and

left the Glowing Heart, Miss Arnet mother of pearl in the subdued alabaster. She drew in her breath

paused to gaze down into the bluegreen water of the pool which was visible under its canopy of fairylike lace in translucent stone. work so many cars others the of party hadThe all T)o you knowWHY

passed through the door into the

Bridal Chamber.

On stealthy feet, Cardigan approached until he stood at her Die shoulder.

the hearts the of And Young arose entwinedtwo lovers and fastening themselves upon the ceilAUTOMOTIVE engineers will ing of the cave,"he quoted as he. tell you it's the treatment a

remembered it from E. L. Robert's Thecar getswaythatit'sdeterminesdriven. Theits lifespan.speeds,

the Legend of Timpanogos. loads, shocks, and accidents.

She started, threw a frightened And most important, they warn, glance over her shoulder. When is the WAY IT IS LUBRICATED.

of About car reAmerica's 85%she recognized him, her startled exbills, pair experts the say, originate pression broke into a smile. from careless lubrication alone.

Surprise—a"Mel,"she said,pleased"Yousurprisecame!"was waySo,yourif you'recar isnotrunning,satisfiedinvestigatewith the

in her voice. Her eyes, even in the who does the lubrication for you.

darkness, glowed until they were One specialist near your like two stars. home IS dependable

"Lafayette, I am here!"he orated We say, you are safer at Shell besolemnly. cause all our men are trained. They

"What luck to have you come know every car—and know lubrication.here—today."

"Luck?"he questioned. "It dationsOur menof thefollowengineersthe recommenwho dewas more than luck, fair Lady of signed your car. Using the famous

can be overlooked.—twothe Cave.stars.I amI heara readerthe messagesof the starsin shell ChekCharts, not one point

the leaves and winds."What's more, they use the proper

"Grand,"she cried, pretending lubricantsferent specialastypesmanyonasa elevensingle car.difto clap her hands. "You are a Keep using Shellubrication and

poet."your car will run years longer

"No, I'm more,"he declared at a lower upkeep cost.

solemnly. "And what, pray?"She laidher hand against the frescoed wall. SHELLUBRICATIONBy the famous Shell ChekChart Method

"Careful, careful,"he warned. "I

promised Uncle Sam that not one SHELL OIL COMPANY, Dept.E-6

of his costly decorations would be San Francisco, California marred."He took her hand down Please send, FREE, as soon as they

and held it in both his own. "This are off the press, the maps and tourist

hand is dainty, tender, but those helps described at left.

decorations are fragile. Perhaps I'd NewWashington,road mapsNevada;of California,new streetOregon,maps, Name

Francisco Portland, Sanbetter hold this for safety's sake."Seattle,

directories Coast routes; auto; mileagecabin Address for main

She at him. smiled up He could

as off; theotherpress.touristSendhelps.couponFree,TODAY.as soon City State believed then. in fairieshave The tables

light from the glowing heart spread

T,HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, I 9 3 S >

sharply as she beheld the ethereal beauty of the place. Can Civilization

He led her toward the end of the Progress?

room out of sight from the crowd (Continued from page 358) should any turn in their direction. '4 RENT "Lady of the Cave,"he said, his

voice shaking in spite of his will, part of the globe. Commercial OR "you have asked I me what am relationspolitical begetcontactpoliticalcan becontactpeacefuland more than poet. Here, in this

only as the attitude mental of good blessed room, to answer. I am ready

will is in all countries. dominant lover."I am your slipped His arm

call it Americanization to BUY round her shoulder. "Alice, here We may

teach to become good men Amerin this haloed room the by love of citizens. ican shall obliged be We Eagle War and Utahna, fresh and to invent for the names new makfrom gazing their upon united ing citizens, British of good good hearts, I offer once you again my citizens, French good German 1:-- love."IvfKt zens, but by whatever name, whatcitiis needed is the character which will

riE paused, not knownot only make a man a valuable ing how to proceed. Then he went unit in his own nation but a unit

on. "I have not seen or heard from of the same kind as a citizen of you or—or him since the day we the world. Under present condiparted on the glacier. You may be tions each human atom anywhere

engaged to him, but the coming has more influence everywhere than of Chuck seemed to me to be more the majority had in the conduct of than accidental—providential, his own country a century ago.

is needed in the peoples of for as little as moreagain—Willlike. Alice,you I marryam askingme? youI citizensWhat America needs in her

can't scare you here into matriall countries since a majority of

A MONTH mony."governmental units are now oper-

"But, Mel, you did,"she anating on the same general principles representation, of legislation and swered. Her hand to her went economicGas $2provides justice. in the a phrase To state throat and then she in turned al hotwater and theservice—bothmost all ultimate aim, it is to bring hucost of of equipment cost and to there, looked up him the light

operation! streaming over her features. manity to the adoption of, and

practice of the Golden Rule, but

As little as $2 down and $2 a He gazed into her eyes made between the present conditions and month buys a modem Gas wafathomless by the dim and fitful the end there is an indefinite space terheater, completely installed. light. He knew that in them was that must be bridged by the best

a great love that would never fade. work of all who devote themselves

to education, be for it must by 60Day Thention. he remembered her exclamaeducation consciously directed and

FREE TRIAL "How?"His voice was husky. by cooperative means that the goal

reached. beidea which I The "How did I scare you into matriis it decide Use you 60 days—if lieve comprehensive is more than mony?"it it, we'll to not keep remove

any yet that world has movement the refund you've and money left as you "When did me you paid. been announced yet a has not name. there glacier,"the on she answered. I it sure not that can be am named

rent the "I equipment not had may answered Story. Dr. Or—you for a yet, long time are there for if price. at the same And, low I asked, he didn't When know how so schemes in leading each many at to time decide buy, any you to I I answer. thought might say will rental be your payments apthe its direction, same each with

yes, but your caused to coming me price. plied the purchase on supported and enname own by

hesitate. left Then when me, you thusiastic advocates that must move

I Prices suddenly These Note feared Low till their in knew—and forward manner own feared that return."not you would 24galIon waterautomatic they Gas blend into each other. Amer34-gciIlon, heater, only $60; "Sweetheart,"icanization, he laughed hapEducation, Moral

50gallon,... $67.50; $105 much pily, League "your fear groundless. of Nations, was Court, World before! ever than These lower

prices include installation. Here in this sacred place, I pledge Peace Societies, International

you my heart, my life."Unions on many lines, are all goCome in for further details "Their hearts entwined foring in the same direction.

I wish to go ever?"she breathed. "Let's return I am not sure that

MOUNTAIN FUEL to the heart of Timpanogos."astinyfarandas someinfluencewritersof ouron thecountrydesit, with fingers intercir- of the on the rest world, yet

stood. SUPPLY COMPANY lockedBeforethey cumstances have us to pushed a

"Forever,"he declared. position of leadership in so many

-- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935

ways that we must do our part in migrant, the adult and the child in so shaping the thought reactions school. No longer do we assume M. I. A. VISITORS

of our people as to be worthy of that a man is truly American in See us for your Kodak Supplies and world leadership if it comes to us. attitude and action merely because Finishing.mail orders. Prompt attention given to

he happens to be born within our

AMERICANIZATION was becountry's confines. The convicUtah Photo Materials Co.

Salt So. Temple Lake City 27 West rather, has been brought home, the great during in tion gun war Opposite Square Temple

it is in large that the measure unhaste places, and with in many little coordination, hence results American attitude of the native have been by no means uniform. born that has made the Americanization so of the immigrant itself is It unfortunate. nameThe diffi- '

cult. certain are pretty And wesavors of bigotry proselyting. and NEWFOR IThere is much that is admirable in now that, if the socalled American HEADQUARTERS

SAINTS LATTERDAY of our communities wouldeducational proposals to teach the portion j'GARMENTS realize live but its obligation to theEnglish language, constituour TO FACTORY YOU FROM creed of it boasts, the which imSolicit Orders Your Mailtional forms and political prinWe | 88. Lt. No. Ladies'Wt. Men's i and solved be problem wouldciples, zealots in but the cause of migrant I Style.65 $ New ease."unconscionable withAmericanization 89. No. Med. Wt. abide Ladies'do not Men's and mod- \

Style 1.10 New |estly these with ends dehave but in the been born Having United 80. No. Wt. 1.85 Double Men's Heavy Back

that there |! "legalmanded be 81. No. States the being or Heavy Double Old Style descended Wt. from

i 1.60 Backprovision for classes compulsory voyagers of the Mayflower 87. Lt. does No. Old Styles.85 Wt. and New Jin Americanization."This is an give not individual of necessity No. an 85. Very GarNon-Run j

to ments Guaranteed Special—Not—attitude that establish a would a the comprehension of problems |I Special 1.16 Rayon Run

bureaucracy such have skill deof as we a No. or American 84. Med. Government Men's and Wt. La- |

dies'Style, Double CombNewLt. | innounced excitGermany. in the the use of the The machinery of ed.85 Yarn, Extra Pine I'ing events of the decade beginning Specify ordering, discovery, government. bust, noted your when trunk Our

with 1914 led well meaning perjust above, that Americanization is andif men'slength,orwhetherladies'.newWeor oldPaystyle,Postageand

sons in the larger centers of popusomething to be applied to others Anywhere in the United States.

lation to assume that the chief immigrants, than leads us to LEWIS conMOSEdanger threatening ideals sider American classes"far our "educated how 14 SO. MAIN

came from the recently arrived imhave an adequate knowledge of SALT LAKE CITY,ST.UTAH

Please mention seeing this Add in thismigrant, all efforts hence were dithe history and practical working Magazinerected toward several him and for of the States since the I United years classes for instruction in the Declaration of Independence. HisEnglish language and for expoundtory is not a mere list of dates or

ing the provisions of the United catalog of facts but a profoundStates Government were formed consideration of cause and effect, Add places political producedand in many social apand developand life, preciable results. articles is ment. just Many Democracy now benew

have been written reports ing exalted and comideal as the highest in new charmpiled used, methods upon and government. the human Yet no oneresults obtained, all of which make will "contradict the assertion that to your

very interesting reading but one a democracy in which the masses rises from a study lack home of these intelligent docuan understanding and Woodwork Withments a feeling it is with that of the political governmental Paint Walls and largely superficial and applied to institutions under which they live BENNETT'S but one corner of the real problem. will not always remain a democNow after ten years'experience in racy."One of our best writers of GLOSS

this line it is pretty generally ac- a textbook on American GovernINTERIOR cepted that Americanism a ment wrote years few ago is much an exFINISHmore than cellent speaking article English and the on "Ignorant Dries Overnight to a Brilliant,reciting the numbers of congressin Educated"clearly he quite which Hard Finish and senators,men that shows our "educated and that Amerpeople"icanization quotation is something that marks, i. e., those who Made and Sold by GLASS BENNETT & PAINTshould be applied have others diplomas -to many from High School COMPANYthaii recent immigrants. and University are are marvelously unWe Salt Lake City

all immigrants of varying dates, familiar with the fundamentals of Dealers throughout the Intersome sufficiently remote so that we our national life. He says, "hurmountain States

are told by recent students that an rahing for Democracy, even fightAmerican type of face and mind ing to make the world safe for W AM COOKBMMa has been developed. To quote democracy will not in the absence

from a Bulletin of the Bureau of of a thorough understanding of

Education, Americanization "may its institutions, insure the democbe defined as the business of makracy of the United States or of ing good American citizens of any other country against a subtle soil—theeveryone nativethat inhabitsborn andAmericanthe imandtationscarcelyinto somethingperceptible whichtransmuin

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935 >

reality is far from being a genuine been in this country or he himself

The Utah High democracy."for the requiredHestudyclosesof Americanhis plea has arrived but yesterday.

School of Beauty History and Government in every T THINK there has been a gencollege and university as condition eral assumption with little close

Culture of graduation by showing that thought or investigation that

MAIN 121 SOUTH STREET professors of political science and "graduates from our best high Floor 2nd

Learn a profession that wonld make yon history can themselves do but little schools and from the colleges and independent for the rest of yonr life. in that direction. Although they universities somehow must have

Write for Catalog. themselves are convinced of the neabsorbed in the process of educaMail This Coupon cessity they cannot propose in the tion sufficient information about

Name faculty meetings so radical a change. our political and governmental

Address Patrons of the institutions and other system to prepare them fairly well

City outsiders may wonder why so deto assume the responsibilities of provide room and We can board to sirable a movement may not at citizenship in a democracy."students of out town

once be inaugurated. They do not Considerable fun has been gleanunderstand that a curriculum is ared from freak answers to questions

ranged as far as practicable on the on current history and politics

LUCKY I notprinciplecompetethatwithdepartmentseach othermustfor withinquestionsthehavepast beenfew framedyears. byThea

students. If one department were leading monthly magazine treating

to faculty in or Rings committee move | quite current eventsI Wedding obviously and the color, all gold natural In white new? meeting that students henceforth be stimufor the of double purpose gold or tone two y courses required in to take deany lating careful a study of the more

to 12.00 0.00 other partment than Mathematics, facts present in important happenset newest styles {sI The at diamond the foreign English, languages and and ings increase incidentally the to and prices. lowest

it physical education, be would at circulation periodical of the which once charged to with an attempt 12.50 to 25.00 I is topics. treats on these There

aggrandize its own work and "any no doubt that these tests have been professor of history or government valuable to a vast number of stuPARK! BOYD of ordinary cherishmodesty and dents in colleges. the schools and I JEWELERS y/ ing the colhis opinion of good sucto given myself I have them STREET 106 MAIN BLDG. BOYD PARK sit leagues must and bound muzclasses ceeding can see conand I

zled until there shall appear a new siderable improvement year by year academic Moses, or until there shall since attention has been drawn to develop a faculty public opinion the wisdom and necessity of acbased upon the consciousness of a quaintance with current world\ THE past history. Prob-t PRESCRIPTION f patrioticof a liberalobligationeducationandwhicha newisidealsuproblemsably studyandof these has been stimuPHARMACY perior to academic traditions, delated by very shame at some of

Boston Bldg. Wasatch 6096 IX! partmental jealousy, and the docthe answers given. Recently at

Open Day and Night y trine of the balance of power."Washington University, St. Louis,

cite defito be obliged I should class the a given psychology was THE DRUGGIST MUST KNOW nite instances to to that prove you test totally of this kind and new x: PRESCRIPTIONS SPECIALTY OUR those enjoyed among have who secured to as the information was

MEDICAL ARTS f andcationalare nowadvantagesenjoying thetherebest isedu-a Battleit was foughtof Gettysburg.in 1778, orSomeperhapssaid

lack of woeful elementary the most said to in Zulus have were 1812. PHARMACY

concerning knowledge history, the legs. four was Bonheur Rosa Arts Bldg—Was. 3012 I Medical | defects, organization, remedies, and as poet, ones given by different

of our system of government, nasculptor, composer. In a recent

tional, state, and local. If you test I gave, the highest percentage

doubt this test its truth by asking obtained was 96% and this was

Send all your laundry to yourself, or what would be more by a regular reader of the Review pleasing to your personal pride, of Reviews. In a class of 97 sevyour best educated friend, a huneral were as low as 25%, the majordred questions of detail about govity not far from 50%.

. These occurrences cause many ROYAL ernmental departments, civil servSpecial for blankets, departments criticising college editorials eduactiv- ice, consular and diplomatic

quilts, etc. curtains, rugs, I leave cation. to your you draw

ities, or administration of justice justice as of to the own conclusion of injustice, perhaps too often and college students the criticisms. But LAUNDRY ROYAL deconsidering answers, the then are not ones the do only not who Street State 625 South incide needs a democracy whether all important they of should know Salt City, Lake Utah

affairs finite to attention public on time such short things. ago 25 A 2624 Wasatch

the part of everyone whether his questions were presented to 350 ancestors for ten generation have worldly wise members of the Cleve392

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935

land Chamber of Commerce. 125 enough by all these contacts to be

building the dare to entrusted with not attempt of them did of a THE NATIONAL to drive highest a wish answers. you man, The bridge? Do

lawyer, scored 92%. The average over, or cross in a train a bridge CASH REGISTER

generally educated scored quesbuilt the man? about and by a 50% COMPANY the archisports, debts, to choose tions covered wish war you Do

Registers, TypewritingBook- shall politics, litercon- Cash tect cufcrent education, engineer and who Machines, keeping Analysis Maature, such as, "Who were three struct a twentystory skyscraper chines, Posting Machines, Bank cabinet members appointed by by election from the class of the Bookkeeping Machines, CheckPresident Coolidge,""Of what generally educated? Yet we so Writing and Signing Machines,

great university is A. Lawrence choose now our political leaders PosturePostage MeterChairs, Machines,Supplies andCorrectSerLowell President,""What is the and office holders and we may vice.

chance that providence either thank by the of Japanese name EmAgent KUHN—Sales have had peror and good his or luck we of son,"one "Name so H. 132134V. East 2nd South

three Democratic Senators who opmany who have been successful Salt Lake City, Utah posed the World Court."The leaders and blessings to the people.

only question everyone answered It has been correctly said that our correctly was about the cost of a list of presidents from Washingseat on the stock exchange. Are ton to Roosevelt, even though a

the destinies of a popular governfew may not be called great, is unment to be safely trusted to inhabquestionably superior to any line itants when the presumably best of kings in any dynasty in Europe.

educated, the cream of the multiIn the times when kings were at the tude, are but 50% or less well inhead of all European Government, formed? and when many were bad in character and inferior in ability, most

IWTERE contact with government of them had special training officials and voting and hearthrough all the years before their ing campaign orators will not give coronation. If kings are specially

the generally educated person all educated for their duties, do not that he needs to make him comthe individuals in a democracy, all petent and trustworthy in running of whom take some part in the the government; a simple illustragovernment, need such training that

tion will be appreciated. Every anyone chosen for leadership may

generally educated or highly edunot only himself have a fundacated person sees bridges, crosses mental preparation but may be supWHEN YOU ORDER YOUR bridges, goes under bridges, dives ported by a public also prepared to from bridges. Has he absorbed understand and assist?

Cjnnouncemenls

or invitations remember that we can furnish you with the latest and smartest in wedding stationery. A wide selection

of beautiful upto-date type faces eri'able us to produce for you announcements or invitations of distinction and individuality. Prices most reasonable.

MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE

PROMPT, CAREFUL ATTENTION m!3 r OGDEN PRINTERS—BINDERS

RULERS PAYSON SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DESEHET MOHTLAHY CO. 29 Richards Street

T.HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1935

Many thousands of our foreign tors had not all grasped the sigaround certain subjects which are born population seized with eagernificance of the problem. Yet the fundamental to world peace and I

ness the opportunity for political real enthusiasm and appreciation believe must be established before information although the plans for of some of the Americanization real world peace can be realized.

it had not, in many instances, been classes in larger and smaller cities In a World Conference on Educawell thought out and the instrucshould put to shame the indifferent tion held in Oakland and San Franand cynical college graduates. It is cisco in 1923 (under the auspices

in auciation) of us those of Federation who are placed a World MAKE none too soon for us to realize that of the National Education AssoMONEY institutions educational in thority Educational Associations f was or- t Tfome steady all delay Income each grades week, to ganized set no longer ideas of home, at must promote theEARN coloring workingoil. miniatures and Learn famous

necessity"Koehne of weeks. In few this the appreciating in forth in its done viz., resolutions, by inWork InterMethod"bigphotosmethod demand. experience art talent nor No

needed. this become Independent (or InMany way. Send the and now, national problem Cooperation, grappling Internationfree booklet, at Money "Make Home."

NATIONAL ART SCHOOL, Inc. everywhere. It will be slow proal Conduct and Ideals, disseminacess to gain the desired ends. It tion of educational information,

is likely to be thirty or more years universal education, health educauntil those who are now in our tion, thrift education, education of

Beauty School high schools and colleges will be women, and rural conservation.

is stupenThe west's finest beauty school, now in the United States Senate and A program of that kind in new, larger and finer quarters, our State legislatures, but if by dous but is no more unlikely of offers ambitious youngr women and advantages. men exceptional Exdiligent efforts all through that realization than would have apcelcis, with nationwide connections, period we may have a body of peared a century ago, many of our is often able to help graduates secure good positions in various parts of "citizen minded"from whom to today commonplace achievements.

the country. Get full details—now! choose we may be spared some of Each of the aims is subdivided and

New Free Catalog on Request the nauseating spectacles offered us committees assigned to study and in legislative halls in the past produce definite programs for imdecade. I think we are beginning mediate inauguration. Under inBEAUTY SCHOOL to see light and to struggle toward ternational ideals one section is

Main and Broadway Salt Lake City it. International cooperation has assigned to "character education."

Wasatch 1196 accomplished much in a number of Bertrand Russell in a masterly lines since it was inaugurated alarticle in a recent Harpers, entitled though the earlier political con- "What shall we educate for?"

ferences were more retrogressive shows how we may educate for than progressive, the later assemvitality, for courage, for intelliblies of delegates from many nagence. His method of reasoning

tions have resulted in the establishmight well be applied to methods ment of many agencies for benefit of training for character and citiof all mankind. Red Cross, Unizenship. First there must be a clear

for conception of the nature the Rewaids of Postal Union, versal Union 9'- are interestedSlave desired, product teacher the the White of and develop ability the to speak suppression—toeffectivelyIffyou in public or in everyday Sanitary adequate International must have an Traffic, knowledge

conversation—to as fast as you areforgenow aheaddoing, twiceread Convention, White Phosphorus of conditions and problems that

Howto Work Wonders With Words Convention and others, are illustraconfront the citizen. Systems of free. sent now

lished, This pointsnew booklet,the roadrecentlythat thoupub- tion of the feasibility of World education in all ages seem to have sands nave followed to increase Unions. been able to produce the kind of

quickly their earning and power at. thing aimed education of The the significance less than no Of

can, a how you by EWns the Spartan youth produced a type of method, bestudy ome the League through attempt, speaker (right! conquer stage and eatofmmeanoutstanoingtimidity endure which boy the tear. would thla and will booklet read to prove To ba peace inaugurate world to Nations, eveningim ing his vitals out of Simply before this frea he and address sendwellspent. valuable name and is a of World organization theooklet at once. beaent obligation. No theft. confess a would Athenian whose Education Conference on INSTITUTE NORTHwill AMERICAN

3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 4184, Chlcagro, Illinois aims are set forth and grouped education with other aims develhMAh oped an appreciation of beauty, of

music, of philosophy. Sparta's

system could not have been used in Athens produced and have PraxNEW CHANE) HOTEL itiles, or Pericles, Plato, or

Main at 4th South The ablest educational leaders

WELCOME haveat Rugbybeen successful.held constantlyDr. Arnoldbefore

M. I. A. his boys the kind of mental prowess

CONFERENCE andEnglishfair statesmanplay whichand marksscholar theof

VISITORS the 19th Century. The men who

are organizing our public schools

M. H. THOMPSON, Mgr. have accomplished marvelous results in the past quarter century,

but the frequent changes which.94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE, 1935

have occurred in our material and the Japanese education have been political life may necessitate the to produce citizens who shall be scrapping of parts of past and presdevoted to the state through the ent plans and the adoption of new training of their passions and useaims. The educational system of ful to it through their acquisition

China endured without change for of knowledge."The skill withNew some thousands of years. "Chinese which these aims have been carriedGonservador education produced stability and out is amazing. Ever since ComHas Amazing art;or science."it failed (B.to produceRussell.)progressBut modoreJapan thePerryJapaneseopenedhavethemadeportsselfof

Power to Save hasnowbeenin a unifiedcompetitiveby modernworld invenwhich preservationit has been theirdifficultgreatbutobjecthas alsoand tions, energy not stability is needed been a success, and success has been for selfpreservation. "Without their justification, unless selfpres-

science Democracy is impossible. ervation is an unworthy motive.

The Chinese education was con- A desperate situation justified their fined to the small percentage of educational methods. If and when

educated men, and the Greek civthe League of Nations justifies the ilization was based on slavery. For expectations of its members there

these reasons the traditional eduwill be no further need of a system cation of China is not suited to the of education solely for selfpreser- modern world and has been abanvation or for aggression, but all the doned by the Chinese themselves. genius that has been expended to

Cultivated eighteenth century geneducate for nationalistic ideals can tlemen who in some respects rebe turned to the broader and higher sembled Chinese literatia have ones of international good will and now become impossible for the helpfulness. This must come

same reasons."Changed condieither soon or in the distant future

tions create new demands. Now and it will come because our edu-

O Come in and take thattationcommunicationhave tied all andpartstransporof the cationon principlesin all countriesfor the developmentis founded one look at the sensaworld together, education must of character and citizenship.

tional new GONSERtake an attitude of world mindedIt needs no demonstration to

VADOR—the patented, manyness as tookdefinitelya nationalisticas Japan or view.Gerproveeducationthe ofassertionthe pastthathalf Germancentury

shelflined, inner door "Modern Japan affords the clearest was intended to and did produce o the FairbanksMorse illustration of a tendency which excessive nationalistic and aggresrefrigerator. Then you has been prominent among all the sive tendencies. The aims of

will know why this margreat powers—a tendency to make Japanese education have been revelous new refrigerator national greatness the supreme purferred to a moment ago. Each

is making such unbepose of education. The aims of system has been a success measured

lievable records in Saving Money, Time, Food.

Combines every featureyou have always vranted Summer Dishes refrigerator.Yet yourin

costs no n:\ore. are now easy to make

Now you can make delicious jellied conjj

Easy Terms somme,tasty moldedmoldedsaladsmeat andwithfishnodishesfuss andor.EG.EG UU S P*!">"'0*P"".,

bother. Get Royal Gelatin Aspic from ROYALGELATIN

grocer follow the simple direcandFAIRAAlirkS-MOBSE your UnsweetenedASPIC.. 2atck Setttn package. tions on the

as low as $ 99.50 Royal Gelatin Aspic is an unsweetened,

delicately spiced gelatin with a delicious

its Conservadors as meatlike flavor—the only one of

low as $139.50 kind on the market. Try it once and

you'll use it not only throughout the

I.Z. C. M. summer, but all year round.

Appliances.... Downstairs WE DO OUR PART

THE I M P RO VEM ENT ERA, JUNE. 1935 >

WE OFFER by its purpose. "Dr. Arnold's cratic tradition belongs to the past.

system has which force in remained I can of think better to no way A COMPLETE ENGRAVin English public schools to to the inevitable the point adoption of ING SERVICE aristocratic. day was life governmental The controlled by portraits missionary to the largest present From

catalogues. aim for positions was to train citizens men of elevated character than

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. of authority and power, whether to the by referring scene of

at in CO. distant parts the of home or UTAH the ENGRAVING House Gladwhen of Commons 120 Regent Utah St. Salt Lake City, aristocracy, is if it Empire. to An his last speech the stone made on

survive, needs certain virtues. second Reform Bill in 1866. He

iiatK These were to be imparted at saw that his propositions would be school. The product was to be defeated by a coalition of ConservNofhing Remembers possessedenergetic, ofstoical,certain physicallyunalterable befit, ativesexclaimedand defiantlytimid Liberalsto his andopponhe

liefs with high standards of rectients in that voice that always

Like a Snapshot! tude, and convinced that it had an thrilled his hearers: "You cannot

important in mission the world. fight against is future; the time on is always Your Kodak a surprising extent results these side."To our an important of member achieved. Intellect were sacwas

it's the party. after For

rificed intellect because to them, all the you'll over ways many have TN has your World War might produce doubt. Sympathy

snapshots. Days pass was sacrificed because it might inerased the past; not alone have

and people scatter, but terfere with governing "inferior"the central European powers colsnapshots keep memories races or classes. Kindliness was lapsed and dragged down with

alive. sacrificed for the sake of toughness; them a score of monarchies all

based the education on of exagimagination for the firmsake of as as Kodaks low $5 gerated egotism victorious the but ness. the In an unchanging world from $1 and nations face future the must under been result might have a permanent dealer's. your the conditions up—atBrownies as changed for much aristocracy. is aristocracy out But

of date and subject populations them as for the vanquished. These

new conditions cannot be met in will no longer obey even the most old are alone ways, not the former rulers. are rulers The EASTMAN virtuous

states monarchic to be over made brutality, driven into brutality and further encourages revolt. The butdemocraticthose whoformshavehave beennearlyusingas a different world needs modern

much to do to adapt themselves to type with more imagination, sympathy, more intellectual supplethe new world. The education of

Athens based slavery will on not less ness, belief in courage KcM bulldog INC do. monastic teaching The of the belief in technical and more knowlSTORES middle ages will aristonot do, J:he edge. the administrator of The

cratic Street instruction 155 South Main the of 1 9th Cenfuture free the be of servant must Salt City Lake tury will do. not There be must citizens, ruler the not benevolent

will be a citizenry and grasps which of admiring subjects. "The aristothe problems be solved which must

for its own welfare and which has a moral character which can be in all emergencies. DoesI Salt Lake City's Newest Fopalar Hotel | trustedthis appear Utopian? or Utopian

not, it is inevitable. To again

quote Gladstone, "You cannot I fight against the future."HOTEL

The American public schools have achieved successfully a task of TEMPLE I transforming a heterogeneous selection of mankind into a homogeneous nation. But a new task SQUARE I now confronts them and it is be200 Rooms each with 1 ing heroically undertaken. The

Tile Bath | intofeverishmodelhaste Americans,to make allmethod,aliens

Rates 1 above, has given place to a deliber- $1.50 to $4.00 I ate and careful study of methods

all leading of the people from kinConnections Radio for 1 dergarten to maturity through an 1 Every Room atmosphere of moral education

ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager | which shall assure a wise and effiOpposite Great Mormon Temple = cient citizenship. John Dewey has

said, "What the wisest and best parents desire for their children <- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE. 1935

that should society desire for all the ties and a lowering of the stanchildren."Parental influence dards of home life, due to lack of

seems to be or perhaps waning, parental contact it proper and to the alreadyhas so greatly been absence diminre- I We are Experts of definite from homes ished as to be by no means the facligious influence. We see a widein Laundering Wash Suits |

tor in moral training that it has spread revolt against the existing been. What the reasons are for this ideals of morality and purity ex- i and Dresses!

have not yet been determined with pressed in much of our literature, accuracy, but the facts are so obadvocated openly by some of those vious that political and religious whose position gives them hearing leaders are giving thought to it. and influence, hailed by many as

the advent of a fuller freedom and the schools should underYKTHY a larger selfexpression. Can we L.VXJNI3R7

i character take training? The Hyland 190 319 So. Main | Ipresent situation moral has received

much attention from pulpit and I I press. As one of the best organized Index to Advertisers

agencies for dealing with all truth Beneficial Life Insurance Co Back Cover the public schools must assume an Bennett Glass 6J Paint Company 391 increasing responsibility in moral BoydBrighamParkYoungJewelersUniversity 392400 development. years ago the Continental A few 398 Oil Company M. I. A.House of Bishops Deseret Mortuary of the Protestant Co 393

Episcopal Church and the President Deseret News Press 393

Stores, Kodak Inc.- 396 theof United States, the same Eastman on Conference Excelsis Beauty School 394day, obviously collusion, without Hotel Temple Square 396

ascribed the increase juvenile of Henager Business College 388 Visitors Logan Garment Co.crime to inadequate 398 training. home

it will find pleasure to their spend a Fuel Mountain Supply 390 Co President, to the InternationalThe. at the.. see Sears shopping: hours Lewis Mose 391Convention of the Y. M. styles smartest in for apparel yon new C. A. National Register Cash Co., 3 93 llie-—.-

said, "too many people are neglectNational Art School 394 and your family.... you'll welcome

ing the real well being of their chilNew Grand Hotel 394 the savingrs you can make on Sears low dren, shifting this responsibility for North American Institute. 394 prices, too.

Mill Old Club 400 their actions turning and over suPrescription Sears Pharmacy, 3 New 92 Thepervision their of discipline and of Quish School Beauty Culture 399 Furniture Departmentconduct to the juvenile courts. It Royal Gelatin Aspic 395

state is the the talk of... the finest Royal is stated Laundry high 392 on authority a that

display yet Built furniture of Honor Salt Lake Engraving Co 398very large proportion of the outto in Salt be shown Lake City.... 399 criminals casts and the Saltair come from special effect. prices in low now Salt Lake Costume 397ranks of those lost the adwho Knitting Salt Lake Store 400 SPORTING GOODS Sears,vantages of Roebuck normal 'H Co. parental con397

OUTING NEEDS Shell Oil trol in 389 their youth. are the They

Star Theatre SUPPLIES CANNING 400 refugees from broken homes who Troy Laundry 397 ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES were denied the necessary benefits of Utah Power S Light Co parental love and direction."Inside Front Cover AH sruaranteed merchandise at '

Oil Utah Refining..Inside Guaranteed Co. Savinsrs Front Cover | in Bishops their The pastoral Utah Engraving Co letter said a "we see weakening! of Utah School 396 SEARS, High of Beauty Culture ROEBUCK 392 & CO.

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 3 99

[ We Salute You M. I. A. UtahUtah PhotoBeet SugarMaterials Co 397391 The ThriftMainCornerand Broadwayof Salt Lake City

T. Grant W. Leaders Co 399

"It's a trite been saying tlie among I.....:. "IVIormons"Z. C. M. 3 95 i for many years that of tiie work carrying will on

be shifted to the shoulders of the young or the "Rising Generation."are here You assembled and

the thousands not present but represented by you, are carrying on a constructive will work that assist the youth in qualifying themselves fill to those responsibilities to degree a seldom attained by any h other group. Our congratulations to go you who % are so faithfully efficiently and doing that splendid

work. of One the chief in aids soliciting and securUTAH BEET SUGAR ing the cooperation of your members to provide wholesome entertainment. This itself may expressis

most ffectively in; FOLK UTAH'S DANCES, PLAYS, FOREMOST AGRICULTURAL ASSET OPERETTAS, PAGEANTS, RELIGIOUS HISAND

TORICAL PARADES.

In are heart the We of the shopping district. Deserves the Support of Every Loyal Utahn This it makes a convenient place to meet your

friends, leave extra packages. Incidentally you

may acquaint yourself with the for needs the com- % ing season. is Our stock quite complete, especially Insist on it from your grocer—There is none better in the lines called for % your by organization.

Anything can we to do assist you will he most readily and willingly rendered.

"Flavor with sugar and you flavor with health"Salt The Co., Lake Inc. Costume

So. Main St. 246 Wasatch 1035

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

T,H E IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE 9 3 5 -P

i*i ii lai 11*1 lai I* fail to see the connection between these inventions that contribute to

ENGRAVINGS thislessnesssituationand andstartlingthe spiritincreaseof lawof ourare fullconvenienceof peril. and"Theourtelephonepleasure

crime and especially the increase in makes contact in the breath of a the number of youthful criminals?"moment. The automobile breaks

Co. Salt Engraving Lake speed. contacts equal with home Unless followed have you with

St. Regent 158 Was. brings to the jazz home The radio 2475 care been done within what has two Salt City, Utah Lake

or three years by a group of eduand motion pictures visualize vice.

cators who form a committee in The eight hour law, thoroughly the N. E. A. you can scarcely realize humane and beneficent in intent,

the progress that has been made in and largely in fact, has brought to outlining and energetically putting working millions an amount of into practice the fundamentals of leisure the world has never known.

IM ONE U.S.QUART ugu citizenship through character eduCo-incident with leisure comes

cation. In bringing the problem wealth heretofore undreamed of.

and its solution before the city and Leisure and wealth, what yoke- 1 county Superintendents of Califellows for world progress! But

fornia, the Superintendent of Los leisure and wealth for those who. GERL Angeles schools said, "If the probdo not know how to spend either

iPROCESD, lem is more pressing than formerly, wisely, what yokefellows for dis-. ''ARAFFIN BASE what is the responsibility of edusipation."

cators it?"meet they and how shall.ilPTOR OJi that reasons of the are some What APPRECIATING these condi- '''

IDDEN QUART STAYS there is a diminishing of parental tions, and realizing that a control as mentioned a moment heavy responsibility rests upon the ago? Compare our world today public schools, an inquiry was sent

of this audience can remember. The the subject of revision of the school The Oil that with the world that half or more to 300 cities which are studying

world was without automobiles, curriculum. Eight questions were

pictures, without motion without elicit as to asked to information aeroplanes, radio, telegraph, gives you—definite the periods in with whether any

lights, electric telephones, few few daily to character is given program protection because motor—Greater of the myriads and no other of material training, printed as to oiliness film and it has more

strength than other oils! electric appliances we now have. used, as to subjects already in the

—Freedom from carbon and sludge Commercial leaders and financial course of study wherein character

troubles, as thousands of enthusiasgeniuses have capitalized fully the suggestions may be made, how recitic users will tell you! control over nature resulting from tation, life of the school outside

—Extra long mileage, as proyed by scientific discoveries. We certainly recitation, and other activities have

the Indianapolis Destruction Test! should not lament as evil all that character building value.

called are resulted what from OIL COMPANY has CONTINENTAL schools the that Replies showed progress. Established 1875 of evidences these We

are universally the country payall of civilization but not delay would definite deing the to attention velopment of good character. As

this is a new movement some conexists as to how to attack the For Comfort, Style and Fit fusion and lack of clear knowledge

Wear Logan Garment Knit problem.tems reporting20%useof specialthe schoolcharactersysfeatured Garment Stripes, fabrics are being in Logan checks fancy and

smartness individual suits will you education materials and special these this season. add the of Knits One

desire in your spring wardrobe. courses of study. 65% report the

exercises existing use of opening K. S. L. PLAY HOUR TUNE IN ON OUR develreference to particular with P. M. EVENING AT 9:30 THURSDAY EVERY

are of character. These opment

personality, for every you have many of designed and is a style There only beginnings movein a new tailored individually to style is from. shades to choose Each newest the very

fit. A post card or letter addressed to the Logan Garment Company, Logan, ment but a few years old. The

Utah, is all it takes to see this colorful new line of spring knits. There is a report compiled was given at the

representative in your neighborhood. Department of Superintendence of

Mfgr. of the N. E. A. in 1926. I am confident that a careful reading of the ''ORIGINAL UTAHWEARE''

will this report of nearly 100 pages first class service with our high quality Light, Medium give you We can those be to an inspiration who have Style L. Garments. D. S. and Old Weight and Heavy New

not yet given much attention to this new phase of school work. It LOGAN GARMENT COMPANY UTAH 1 has already made as much progress LOGAN.

Our Merchandise is Available at: 140 North Main, Twin Falls, Idaho as has the purely scholastic cur45 East Broadway, Salt Lake City 89 West First North, Logan, Utah riculum in half a century.

m I have spoken in some detail con398 4- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JUNE, 1935

for suggestionscerning the of two BE INDEPENDENT civilization. steps inforward These Vocation So Profitable I No Other

are a universal study of History ENROLL NOWand Government and such culti- M.I. A. For a Complete Coarse at the

will as charactervation of moral CONFERENCE Quish School of Beauty Culture relations rather a joymake human than a menace. VISITORS The Best in the West

to Ambassador The British the Are Always Welcome at 3049SALT EzraLAKEThompsonCITY, UTAHBIdg. States, in a speech inUnited Toronto, reiterated for England, what For Further Information

and Catalos: Callmany of us in America have realized W.T.GRANT CO. Wasatch 7560for or quarter a century, "Isolathat This Store Your Shopping Fill in Make OUR f is impossible."tion national Every Coupon Headquarters

Iact be the performed must with consciousness of its possible rela- I 241 So. Main St. Salt Lake City

tion to the rest of the world. Hence

we must, in cooperation with others, organize these relations so that the contacts may be peaceful and progressive. The head of the

United States Steel Corporation has LITTLE LIGHTsaid "The world has reached a A place in its evolution where every A little light on your insurance will undoubtcountry must respond to the conedly reveal the fact that you are greatly underditions in every other country."insured. Think what it would mean if fire

Statesmen, destroyed your property.

cators, scientists—allindustrial recognizeleaders, eduthe

same truth, UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.(ERTAIN universities have already, some years ago, arranged See our agent in your town

for an exchange of professors with

European institutions. Already the HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

results are becoming noteworthy.

No man of sufficient culture and learning to be chosen as a representative from a university in one country to a similar institution in another can fail to return home with a broader comprehension of other peoples and a sympathetic appreciation of others'customs and traditions. If perchance he makes

a happy impression on the foreigner, so much the better. Similar

exchanges of students accomplished more. At present there are undoubtedly more students from

other countries in the United States than American students in foreign countries. The Cosmopolitan

Clubs in existence at many of the larger universities in this country are a wonderful influence toward OUTING June 7th 1935 M.I.A. ANNUALinternational understanding. The JOIN THE MERRY THRONG

Japanese students in New York, feeling the advantage to themselves of their life in this country, have raised sufficient money to bear the expenses of American students in

Japan. There could be no better

way to spend the income of a great philanthropic endowment than in financing the exchange of consider- "The Greatest Amusement Value in the World"able numbers of children 8 to 15 15 Minutes Drive on New Paved Highway

Schedule FAST ELECTRIC TRAINS—Convenientyears of age. These children, with 25c Round Trip

proper safeguards, could be placed

T.HE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 19 3 5- >-

in the homes of the people in the leading nations of Europe and

the same lives as would have been Most Romantic STAR America to live for a year or two led by those whom they replace. Pleasure Place HOME OF QUALITY

In Ttie West! TALKING PICTURES Detailstion andas protectionto the methodcan beof easilyselecAlways a Good Show worked out. What an influence for Five gorgeous dance nights a

week at this Historic Place. 72 East First South international friendship and world

Don't miss the Old Mill while in peace.

Salt Lake. For the last 40 years there have

THIS COUPON and one paid adbeen in the air rumors and prophOk/MHlClu missionexcept Saturday,will admitSundaytwo, anytimeor holiecyableregardingfuture conflicta yellowof peril,Asiatica probraces days. Void after July, 1935. against European. The surest way

to prevent such a catastrophe is to get into operation all the means suggested for universal understanding and good will and as many more as the wisest of mankind may devise. The colleges and universities, the systems of public schools,

the International Unions, and the various agencies of the League of

Nations are channels through which civilization may be advanced more in a decade than in the past five centuries, and this means that there should be active participation, not alone on election day, but a lively interest of all the people, all of the time, in public affairs.

The world has now to attack a new job and the sincerity with which it works will determine whether the struggles of men through the ages shall have been in vain or shall lead to humanity's crowning achievement. In this

work the educator has a place of influence unequalled by that of the warrior or statesman.

Night Grace

By Harry Elmore Hard TEMPLE is a healing grace in newmown THERE BRAND hay rises freshly fragrance from the Whose GARMENTSquality and workmanship manufactured for the Of Superior fields:

is in the tardy song an uplift There KNITTING SALT STORE LAKE

In bird should be wrapped Of any who sold at prices defying from us And competition. When ordering

remember we Pay Postage Anywhere in the United States. leaves

the punctual whippoor-will Before awakes No. No. LADIES FOR FOR MEN

the darkening world with melody: 703 $1.25 Spring Needle $.98 662 To fill Plat Weave Rayon Men's NonRun

719 Ribbed Light Weight 1.10 610 Ribbed Light Wt. Spring Needle 1.10 There is a recreative power in dew

1.25 Lisle Quality 602 Extra Fine Quality Lisle Fine 792 1.25 Cotton falls alike sleeping flowers and That on men 1.25 Quality 614 Ex. Med. Wt. 1.00 750 Rayon NonRun benevolence. softness cooling and With 620 1.25 Light Double Men's Wt. Back Quality Lt. 75 736 Cotton Fine Wt is light, in a 646 there 75 Lt. Fine magic Cotton O, Combed glowworm's Wt

Quality.,.. 1.25 762 Super Rayon NonRun 664 1.50 Cot. Double Hvy. Med. Wt. Back fireflies, delightfulness in winged A Cotton Light 735 Ribbed 88 Weight 667 Men's Extra Rayon NonRun stars silvery silence the in constant A 1.25 1.25 Quality Double 714 Weight Cotton Back Medium

Garments Marked Upon Request. 10c for Cotton—Silk 15c That waysgives new content to man's humble

Sizes for Prices Notice. Subject to Change 46 Extra Charge Without Over 20% And climaxes the eiforts of his days.

if to specify not fail or state and if Old Style Also long Do New or Woman. for Man

or short sleeve, short or long legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurements,

Height and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request. "THE truest test of civilization is

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE cities,not northe thecensus,crops;norno,the butsize theof

42 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH kind of man the country—Emerson.turns out.

Because our friends have a tendency to lengthen out their communications, we are behind and must leave out many interesting notes from this page. This time we are going to abbreviate them uery much.

Hard To Lay Era Down A Lot of People Were on the Move in Those Days

I 0, Crosby, it carries 185 went of to Europe the country it the spirit Jesse W. with my grandfather, love,"TNBECAUSE

a Crosby, EvanMich., Rapids, writes Attorney H. George mission,"writing J- on from Grand Ashby, says Maiben

"one of the most difficult jobs 1 have is to lay the Era down ston, Wyo. "On his eastbound trip he started meeting the

once I get started with it, to go about my other activities."goldrushers in South Pass. They were so thick on the road

that he and his companions had to travel out of the road most

The Era Sometimes a Substitute for Church of the way to St. Joseph, Mo. He obtained a log of the

the trains different three journal records that in his he months, and the he met we realize Era for being withoutAFTER children, total was: men, women, 235 4,627 to us."242 16,915 Thus just meant it has extent to a greater what

Mr. and Mrs. Bert L. Murphy, of Zurich, Montana, write. wagons, 4,642 mules, 14,974 horses, 7,475 oxen, 7,052

"Here in the mission field we travel twenty miles to attend cows."

it is study to impossible read and go, weChurch. When the Bishop Would Like Advertisements Kept Together feel each spirit therein. wonderful the of and partakeEra We

issue is well worth the subscription price."/UR bishop,"writes Vivian R. Williams, Collinston,

- Utah, "suggests he would be willing to pay an extra

Udall's Article Wins Praise fifty cents if you would arrange to put the advertisements in other the front published, and back of the magazine so he could remove them among December, 1 934, you your issue ofIN for binding."Jesse Udall. articles, of Jesus,"Trial by noteworthy "The

the writer efforts of the appreciated readers haveIf other as George H. Crosby, Jr., Disagrees gratitude their expressing hesitate in as I, will not theymuch

the newsand magazines modern of both T makeup LIKE handled article, so masterfully this factgiving wasfor which.. article in of the read the beginning papers. You can publisher goes and author my Udall. writerby To the

appreciation."-Chauncey S. Harmon, Salt Lake City. the front sad then not follow it up unless it interests you.

Then, too, it mixes the advertisements and the reading up

Miss Howard Likes the Nephite Story together. The modern advertisement is highly educational

it is matter. If close to the the reading in this more and and is day so when anyone living a mystery how to meIT reading matter bind a magazine and advertisements you and write and the centuries through go back so vividly can age

a story like "A Romance of Two Cities"and connect things are on the s?.me page, you get it all preserved in history. I

up so well. I hope Dorothy Clapp Robinson knows how well am 62 years old. When I first became a reader, reading matter

everyone likes her story,"writes Miss Sadie Howard. Nephi. was arranged the old way, but the change is a good one and

Utah. "I enjoyed an inventory for girls that Katie C. Jensen valuab'e to the busy reader."

listed in the last (January) issue."This Patient Writes While He Convalesces

Valley Speaks Cache From Man A all the ages TF hours—and days—and years—and

"It is interestwrites: Utah, S. their creeds Hyrum, LEE, have wasted arguing about 'That menORVILLE

ing to note that in spite of the apparent lag in moral Could be recalled and spent in Christlike service, standards in this country, there are many Latterday Saints What wealth they'd yield in loving, Christlike deeds!"

who not only adhere to high Church standards, but have joy Written while in a hospital by and peace of mind in doing so."Orvid E. Howell, Weston, Idaho.

An Assistant Scout Executive Liked That February Correction

Number writes a a Era,"to correct note in mistake the March JUST rather warmly, the February number praising article, Jr., Stake. J Taylor, Fred G. 'New York "The NewAFTER

of the Assistant Scout Executive Christopherson, Merrill not written Roscoe and Grover by was Show'York Hobby

Timpanogos District Council writes: "The inside double by me."Roscoe Grover is Uncle Roscoe of KSL fame.

sheet is really a great story and makes me proud to be a Thanks, Fred, for the correction.

Boy Scout."

California Woman Finds Interest Growing

Article to Era an Says D. M. Amen An

interest writes in a the Era, to seems growing be THERE Ietter"number the in November of Open "AnSPEAKING California; "so Pasadena, many Cherrington, from Edith Preston, Worley, Dr. Era, Eugene Improvement of The it stand called news to about what ask people and have on me the is than article more worth one says: Idaho, "That

it the to included glad be be purchased. among can I am... live. care they I don't where family, price tosubscription any a writers. certainly It is magazine."grand Era

it. the I have Era to glad to to like I say am would Amen

on my reception table along with The American, Cosmopolitan, Literary Digest, and other good magazines."

A Pennsylvanian Through the Era Found an Arizona

Friend Pa., writes: Hazelton, SUTLAND, ETHELMISS

friend, a worthwhile recent issue I found your "Through

Bessie B. Decker, Aripine, Arizona, and we write to one

another often. She has helped me immensely with my poetry."

Utah Looks After Her Babies per cent ten approximately with leads the nationUTAH showing in any other state, than returned cards more

Utah parents to be more birthregistration conscious than any other commonwealth. Percentages were based upon the baby

census cards returned by parents in comparison with the births registered in 1933. The total registration for the year was Photo by Mrs. E. O. Bennion, Mt. Emmons, Utah

11,905 Department of Commerce Bureau of the Census. MEAL TIME FOR THREE

YEARS OF

SERVICE

IN

THE LIGHT OF 30 YEARS

THOUSANDS HAVE COME TO REALIZE

THE MANY SPECIAL BENEFITS FOUND ONLY IN

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE YOU TOO SHOULD INVESTIGATE AND SEE

WHY SHREWD INVESTORS SAYIP IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY

IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

f

DIRECTORS

HEBER J. GRANT

J. REUBEN CLARK. JR.

DAVID O. McKAY

JOS. F.,SMITH

GEO. J. CANNONE.T. RALPHS KfKmiiiiiimiira EHTAHiriigTira

A. B. C. OHLSON

OB.VAL W. ADAMS

STEPHEN L.CHIPMAN HEBER J. GRANT. Presidlnt HOMF Office Salt Lake City