.:..':; '.: * Wwl.

&;:|:jg& T:;

........... fit SB W WtM % %

.";;.:';:;.':.

MARCH, 1944

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY 1. UTAH

ly.iK'TT.'y. *r*'

".. and I dreamed that dinner came floating in

without my moving a finger. 99

Isn't it fun to dream about a house where most of the dreary work is done by magic?

Well, keep on dreaming.,, for tomorrow many of your wishes

are coming true!

You'll have a Certified Performance Gas range so wonderful it will be like having a chef in the kitchen... a Gas refrigerator that

keeps foods fresh so long it will save hours of marketing and meal preparationit—without...a thoughta heatingfromunit youthat. cools.. andyouroceanshome ofas hotwellwateras heatsto

make everything easier All this, and more too, will be possible through the miracle of the blue Gas flame—the flame that cools as well as heats!

In the laboratories of the Gas industry, engineers are now developing these wonders...

making them possible for every type of home.

Today Gas speeds war production. Use it wisely. But tomorrow it will

make your dream of more comfortable, economical living a reality. It's a

dream worth saving for—with every War Bond you can buy.

THE FLAME THAT WILL BRIGHTEN YOUR FUTURE...

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Sales offices in Salt Laka City, Ogden and Provo

SERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES WAR AND PEACE

ARE YOU BUYING ALL THE WAR BONDS YOU CAN?

vJlPROPHECY Difference! What A

vSu ZDr. Charles C*. -Dibble

only Bees are Honey histories -—BecauseThewrittenAztecshortlycodicesafter andthe Conquest Chtiaparral genuine made: with

that agree the Indian leaders had orientedbeen years previously to im-, honey.. '\, A

pending disaster and misfortune. Prophecies by the wise, natural phenomena,

and misfortune in military conquest They're Fresher!

combined to alarm the leaders and leave them filled with anxiety and fearful an-—Because Honey Bees

ticipation.

In the year 5 Rabbit { 1510), Monteare made in the only i - "'"'zuma, ruler of Mexico, witnessed the cracker factory between appearance of a light in the heavens.

Since his astrologers and magicians Denver and the Pacific were unable to quiet his fears and pre-:vCoast.:.'.;.;

monitions, he decided to consult the learned Nezahualpilli, ruler of Texcoco.

Nezahualpilli replied to the ruler of

Mexico:

Oh, powerful and great lord, I desire not to disturb your peaceful, quiet and generous spirit, but my obligation as servant (lesserruler) forces me to inform you of a strange %*4 and marvelous happening, which, with thepermission and consent of the Lord of the W* heavens, the night, the day, and the air, will occur during your days. You should be

informed and forewarned with much care,for I am able to say with certainty that a GRAHAMSbyPURITY fews years from now our cities will be destroyed and laid waste; we, our children,

and our servants will be vanquished and destroyed.... But one thing consoles me

considerably: I will not witness these

calamities and afflictions for my days are few. I wanted to tell you this before I die,

somy Iownleavebelovedyou thisson. counsel as I would to VICTORY GARDENING

As the years passed, the ill omens and natural multiplied. manifestations ORDER NOW

the year 1 1 Flint Knife ( 1516), a comet In Mmm/tv Productionappeared in the heavens. To the people

of the valley of Mexico comets were Limited by P.W.B.the sign of the death of a king, or imBONHAM

pending hunger, pestilence and war. True, many of these happenings may CULTIVATOR

have been given significance after the Every victory gardener needs one... saves twothirds

fateful conquest. However, the Aztecs to fourfifths of the time required for cultivating with a

... and does It better. Ideal for Individual orwere sufficiently apprehensive of a comhandgroup hoeprojects.

ing disaster to send Cortez the gold mask of the god Quetzalcoatl, for Extremely versatile with interchangeable tools as standard

Quetzalcoatl was to destroy the empire equipment: 5-prong weeder, turn plow, and 10inch sweep. Other

extra cost. at small request tools onof Montezuma and establish his own

of elecshank wheel tool bar, and with Strongly frame, maderule.

allsteel steel hardwood trically construction; reinforced and welded

handles; steel bushing for longwearing hub.

MONTEZUMA VIEWS THE COMET OF 1516 it's madeFor victoryto.last gardening,for years. BUT NOT A "VICTORY MODEL"...

THE 222 West 17th SouthBONHAMSt. Salt Lake CityCO.4, Utah ORDER DIRECT FROM C/l THE MANUFACTURER

Please send New Model C Cultivator.

Send C. O. D. (or) OR ASK YOUR

rj $ check or money order enclosed. HARDWARE OR

LJ Information NURSERY DEALER NAME - Money Back Guarantee

ADDRESS.

MARCH, 1944 129

[j W

Lkurch of jraith in "Era ypnna the Xt> Improvement"THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE 9th April heard to be—"rgr'snvoE.''.affij. t?. il88 pr ** x 'X 'rt W'i'''''Wrw'ww'rrer.ifffl iiffi jfm mm iilBI M *gm'"to i

City. Salt from Lake

Sunday, April MARCH, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 3 ON9, the Columbia "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Broadcasting System's Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Church of the Air, Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward 11:00 to 11:30 a.m., Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Mountain War Time, Latterday Saints will originate with Radio Station KSL in the -K tabernacle, on Temple Square, Salt Lake City, proceedof the as part general conUhe Caitors j-aae of the ings ference of the church. Avoiding the Rapids Heber J. Grant 139

Speaker and other details will be announced later. The Church of Lhurch reateatured By Helen Mating

over is heard the Air imperis no...Marion Opportunity G. Romney 140 There Church Welfare—An stations from CBS spring; to manence Bible Discoveries Archaeological Illumine the coastto-coast. like reiterant It is one

* Evidences and Reconciliations; LXXVTLevi—EdgarWhatYoungis the 144 Repeatinggrown oldstories that

Meaning of Divine Law? John A, Widtsoe 161 he has retold,

them Remembering Guild...- Ethel People, 172 These T. Music Ward My Lcover ring Jhe the keenly. Like Isles of the Collyer 149 Genealogy: From reechoed by songs Of belighthouse the 173 158 Sea, Church Home.. Mary The M. Moves On

hills THE of light, the Hills, the Priesthood: 168 Pate to Melchizedek Above guide Ora comes a breaks, morning

1 1 73 Spring Stewart 44 treacherSeventy against warn from reverberant in Project..l68 Priesthood Messages: Mutual Bee Hive Temple hidden shoals ous and night. 169 AnderWartime, T. the ship NoLiquor-Tobacco reefs, direct Lucy to shines morning Spring

1 54 sen 170 Aaronic a harbor. safe to To and beauty; with 181 Field 171 Photos Teaching to striving Ward world make God's power

beport, lighthouse the spring from Wakes of symbol a comes winter, from day of waters peaceful and *Jeatu,r>e5 Special nighttime's glower.

confidently people faith; souls keep Our 142 Life"Eliza "Sketch R. C. Snow's Snow of My courses, their traveling hearts in a our and of Consecration the Middle Movement The fear, free joyousfrom LeRoiFifties—Part prayer

II, 146 Feramorz Conclusion Fox Y their several ly going gratitude endless Of guided securely 148 ways, Robert Magician Hyatt M. Meet is there. knows Radar—War's God

lightthe harbor by Square....Richard 150 L* from Evans Temple Spoken The Word

is cover a house. The 152 of Pioneer Diary Eliza R. Snow—Part XIII from a composite, 154 Andersen T. Hive Lucy Bee in Wartime photograph Courby Bloomfield to Pass G* Lucy 174 Executive and Editorial It Came And sin adapted Black, by

Charles Jacobsen. Aztec Prophecy, Charles E. The Tie That Binds, Fred W. Offices:

Dibble 129 Moeller 143 50 North Main Street,

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: Rainy Day Fun, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

162 Harris, lin S. 131 Dissinger Katherine Jr.

Copyright by 1944 MuEditors 1 163 Telefacts Hints 32 Handy

Inc., Funds, tual a Cor- J. Grant Heber Death.... Franklin B. Corner, 133 Josephine Cook's Benjamin on

of the poration Young A. John Widtsoe I. 164 SingLively, Alfred Nichols Old

ImproveMutual Men's 1 167 the 36 from Camps Tooke News Editor Managing the of Association ment 177 of Religious to Advertisers Index Attitudes The L. Richard Evans of of Christ Jesus Church Puzzle.... Scriptural 186 Strong 138 Crossword Men, Leon Noted M.

All Saints. Latterday Editors Associate 192 156 and Ours Books Page Your

reserved. rights SubscripJosephson C. Marba

William Mulder tion price, $2.00 a year,

General Manager Cdltorials copy.in advance; 20c single

George Q. Morris Conference Notice 160 Entered at the Post

Salt Lake City, Associate 160 Office, Manager C. of Emphasis Matter M. A

secondclass as Utah, Lucy G. Cannon Quietly Being Determined, M*J. 160 On W.

for matter. Acceptance

Business Manager mailing at special rate of

John K. in Advertising National Orton Stories, loetn1 sectionpostage 1 provided103, Act offorOcRepresentatives These My People Ethel T. Collyer 149 tober, 1917, authorized

Francis M. Mayo, Vigil Sadie H. Greenhalgh 157 July 2, 1918.

Salt Lake City And it Came to Pass Lucy G. Bloomfield 174 is Thenot responsibleImprovementfor unEra S. Townsend, Edward

San Francisco Faith in Spring, Helen Maring..l30 Frontispiece: March, Helen solicited manuscripts, but

Dougan and Boile, Poem, A Child Sleeping, PaulBaker Adams 137 welcomes contributions.

133 Land, Marcia Nichols Poem, ine Chadwell Chicago and manuscripts be must 180 All 135 Holden Poetry Page 134, New York suffiaccompanied by

Member, Audit Bureau of cient postage for delivery

Circulations and return.

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 90,000

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Good B FAMILY rf

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

'TPhe extent of myopia, or shortsight- * edness, among a people seems to be determined more by race and heredity than by civilization. Among about fourteen thousand patients at the V u

Greifswald Clinic in Germany almost fourteen percent had myopia, while #*& <.

in with group a similar Denmark only INSTANT CDDKING \7 half of five percent. the Chinese Over

students in China have myopia or Haked WHOLE WHEAT about four and onehalf times greater than be found would in an American is college. considerable There myopia AuthenticSilhouettesPlaneon among Arabs who live in the open air CEREAL each Handysack

and do no close work whatever. Everyone likes its wholly new flavor

p\uE to expansion and contraction, a larlyits appetizingappreciatestexture.the timesavingMother particuIN-

steel feet bridge thousand one long STANT COOKING ZOOM... will half length about a foot in change

between winter and summer. Similar father finds it a hearty meal to start the

expansion and contraction of a lead day... and there's no coaxing necesroof on the Bristol cathedral caused it sary to get the children to eat this delito creep down eighteen inches in two cious hot cereal... they ask for more!

years in spite of all efforts to fasten it.

In the daytime the lead expanded, and LISTEN TO: NEWS on Station KUTA, Salt Lake City,

the lower side moved downhill. At Monday through Friday, 11:30 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. "Dick

cooling, night contracted, the roof with 4:30 through Friday, on Station Tracy"Monday KUTA,

pulling since part the downhill, upper

Louis p.m. Saturday, 4:00 p.m. through P. Lochner Wednesday on KDYL, uphill. easier than moving that was

> "Women in the News"on Station KUTA, Monday through Friday, 10:25 a.m.

Oats avoid obstacles in the dark by ** hearing the echoes of the highpitched sounds they utter as reflected L. D. S. Training Pays!

from the obstacles. Some of the sounds

are two octaves above the human pitch limit of hearing, two Harvard University biologists have found.

4 LOOK AHEAD!"RTfosQUiTOS are able to develop from

1V1 -eggS to adults in a cupful of water Make your business training broad enough for collected in a hoofprint made by a cow, if the water remains for as long as two Peace as well as War.

weeks. opportuniCaturn is the lightest of the planets Prepare now for the needs—and* and would float on water, if an ties—of tomorrow. L.D.S. Business College ofocean large enough could be found for fers you the excellent training and effective

the experiment. employment service.

rP'HE star Nova Aquilae increased to

A 60,000 times its former brightnessin a few hours, and then faded to its L. D. S. JhY'&mblem

former faint brightness. "Sfficicnl School

4 BUSINESS COLLEGE /itric acid, which gives most of the 70 North Main. Salt Lake City 1, Utah

cranberries, to lemons, and acidity currants, to Day and Evening All the Year has been discovered now be up to one percent of the hard material of the bones, probably as a calcium salt. Citrates are of service to

the body because of their remarkable Vi/herever c/hey Q,o.,.

power of making the otherwise insoluDear Editor: Canadian Army Overseas

ble bone salts soluble in water, and it is I have just been reading a copy of your magazine The Improvement Era, now known that these bone salts are picked up on the field post office.... I liked particularly your September

constantly being replaced. Citrates are 1943 article "Something about a Soldier."...

formed as one of the inbetween proSignalman W. R. Ruddell

(Concluded on page 132) MARCH, 1944 131..! ).

TELEFACT

NATIONAL INCOME IN 2 WARSAND AFTER

BILLIONS OF OOLLARS 1939 1940 1943 1944 1945

..any hour of the day!

THERE'S abetter beginning for the day... whenever

yours begins. Hotcakes drenchedwith golden, delicious Mapleine Syrup! Three ways

to make it—two of them sugar savers. Get

magic Mapleine from your grocer—today

1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922

sSttf&A.3 GRAND%pourWAYS2 cupsTO MAKE MAPLEINE SYRUP PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION boiling water

over 4 cups sugar add Mapleine 1 teaspoon.. EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE stir and you have

2 pints Mapleine Syrup (Concluded from page 131 gine to which the gasoline and air mixducts in the breakdown of sugars and ture is squeezed before being exploded boil V/z cups hot water carbohydrates by the body. by the spark plug. This ratio increased

3 cups corn syrup almost fifty percent since 1931. During

for minutes 5 in the ["obsterkrills larval stage oil less this yielded a crude period the same add Mapleine 1 teaspoon fortyfour long of fraction than an inch constant occur about commonly... stir you have and

2 pint Mapleine Syrup in shoals about the Falkland Islands, percent gasoline on refining.

Patagonia, New Zealand, and other 4 southern waters. They may be in such Come insects have waxy or oily bodies

that the sea is numbers for acres: red heat 1 cup hot water enable them wings which on their W strained cup V* honey just their those whales in waters open the easily viscous escape to from syrup corn 2'/t cups strain slowly to mouths and them. swim other the threads and of Argyopid boil. full Bring to

add 1 teaspoon Maple'ne 4 spiders.

stir and you have 2 pints Mapleine.. Syrup npHE bright red and orange hues of the 4

autumn colors are in the leaves Potatoes have been used in laying during the summer but are masked by * concrete roads. To hold the cement

the stronger green of the chlorophyl together across the asphalt expansion pigment, which breaks down and bejoints to prevent one section shifting

IMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR comes colorless in the autumn. above the other, steel rods are im7U *8xte* zHe&>*7%rt*vutli/tvi&me bedded with an end in each cement sec-

C and puffed up with air, silica aerogel, tion on both sides of the tar strip. When

is reported to be twice as effective the rods changed in length with temas any other material as a heat insulator. perature they cracked the cement, so

that a potato was placed on each end nP'HE average compression ratio of new to give room for expansion of the rod cars in 1941 was 6.6 to 1. The comin the cement. Present practice is to

pression ratio is the fraction of the origplace a small telescoping corrugated inal volume in the cylinder of an encardboard tube over one end.

ROMANCE PIOMEERLORE # <m Vkeih %e4t TEIEFACT

RAW MATERIALS REQUIRED TO PRODUCE

ONE BARREL OF GASOLINE...

000*1 FR"MACOAL fl5 4a5 *V7* A BARREL'ONE + -4-4-4 CO. BOOKCRAFT THE OF South State, Salt GAS 1465 Lake City 4, Utah FROM NATURAL

send Please the books checked above GASOLINE

C.O.D. Send

$ check or money order enclosed.

NAME ADDRESS FROM PETROLEUM och y<nbot npfttrtt MQ lbs.

nOOGRAPH CORPORATION

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA jrranklu& ON DEATH With Babies A letter to his niece, Miss E. Hubbard,

dated Philadelphia, February 23, 1756, on the death of his brother, John, her step'It's Differentfather:

I condole with you. We have lost a

most dear and valuable relation. But

it will nature is the and of God that The adults of this country are not going to laid bodies these mortal be aside when the soul is to enter into real life. This have to go hungry even if they can't have all

is rather an embryo state, a preparathey'd like of just what they'd like to eat. Adults

tion for living. have a wide choice of foods that will provide

man A is dead. he is notWhycompletelythen grievebornthatuntila them wholesome nourishment.

new child is born among the immortals, Withbabies it's different. They must have all

their to happy added a new of item of their the chief they need food—good, spirits. bodies society? are That memberWe That's milk. safe, digested wholesome easily afford lent us, while they should can be

us pleasure, assist in acquiring knowlwhy our first concern is to see that there will be edge or in doing good to our fellow a plentiful supply of Irradiated Sego Milk for creatures, is a kind and benevolent act the thousands of babies who are living so well of God. and so happily on it.

When they become unfit for these purposes and afford us pain instead of All Sego Milk is specially enriched with of pleasure, instead become an aid an precious sunshine viiamin D by irradiaof the answer and encumbrance none intentions for which they were given, tion with ultraviolet rays.

it is equally kind and benevolent that a way is provided by which we get rid of them. Sego Milk Products Company

Death is that way. We, ourselves, Originator of Evaporated Milk

in some cases, prudently choose a in the Intermountain West partial death. A mangled, painful limb, Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

which cannot be restored, we willingly cut off. He who plucks out a tooth

parts with it freely, since the pain goes with it.

He who quits the whole body parts at once with pains and possibilities of pains and diseases it was liable to or capable of making him suffer. Enriched

Our friend and we were invited abroad on a party of pleasure, which is forever. to last His chair was BREAD IS A VICTORY FOOD

first us. before and he is gone readyWe

could not all conveniently start togeththat provides energy er; and why should I be grieved at

this, since are to soon we follow, and and extra food value. find to him. Adieu.* where know

published Submitted Miner, as Thorn C. by In And, it isn't rationed!the Philadelphia Inquirer, Fort by Newton, Joseph

under the title "Those Gone Before."

"A CHILD SLEEPING"By Pauline Soroka Chadwell A tonight.thousand mothers must have paused

Each one beside her sleeping infant's bed,

As I am doing now—before the light Fresh every day

Is dimmed beneath whose arc your golden ROYAL BAKING COMPANY at your grocer's head Salt Lake & Ogden "—'"

Shines like a jonquil lying on the snow. More Than Fifty Years of Service and Progress

A thousand mothers must have breathed a sighPerhaps a prayer of thanks to feel the glow

Of love in this sweet moment's lullaby.

JLovell Visard Underwrites the ibra

This twilight hour is one all mothers know on. backward out have of people some to work about If you are part to do; task of day's WeA routine—a

out. like It's good could help them that yet, help, maybe I feel we some the each night, would surge and wardAnd

flow to do the job the way you like it done all the way.

the longing that I hadOf all for you Bishop Frank Brown life's fulfilment golden head,And is your

My brimming cup—the chalice of your bed.

MARCH, 1944 133 EtoEflfcgx / Tf [mzi>m>?*****rzT **-***<4*< H32EEnX3E3ETJ

FOR ONE TO COME SPRING S&ufl% By Eva Willes Wangsgaard By Lalia Mitchell try to catch on paper what I feel, shall wait the song of thrushes,

I What makes me angry, sorry, or content: I And of blackbirds in the rushes,

Man's ignorance too arrogant to kneel I shall wait the brook that rushes down the

To wise divinity for complement, hillside cool and clear;

His courage and his love and sacrifice, Soon the violets will greet me

A hill in snow like moire in the wind, And the smile of spring will meet me

Or newly green and damp from melting ice. I shall know full soon how sweet the firstOr fragrant in the sun and blossompinned. named season of the year.

I vanish, leaving only what I wrote;

And one who follows stumbles on a page

Where my heart speaks to his and he will note AS THROUGH A WINDOW His own truthseeking in an earlier age,

And shape from mine a lens to speed his By Eugenia Finn own, Strengthened to know he does not seek Look out on life as through a window filled alone. With all the loveliness of earth and sky;

Crisp, vegetables, into plump our popped the winds first promise dawn's when m Watch kettles fresh from the Rancho fields—make 1—stilled are

. so freight soup taste costs good

clarify. fingers lift and golden And RENOVATING to NEEDS grocer your farmkitchens from here.our. lower

cost in the West, soup make Rancho light of in the searching noon courage less. you By Mildred Goft Find hearty for wholesome, always So soup

is visions vanish shown; and the truth When

looked at scores of houses, bright Go bravely forth, although the path be REACH FOR WEAmongwiththemtreesall andthereflowers.wasn't one we coveted Withstrewnall the scattered hopes a heart has

for ours. known.

This had a splendid furnace, that had a lovely view, The long day, waning, brings the quiet hour is done, reverie work rest when and Of glitall as pins, neat and were or them And kinds 5 delicious strives for place longer andRANCHO one no And tering, new. and

ChickenNoodle Pea Asparagus Vegetable power,Tomato like that a looked a house saw At last we neglected child. Content to watch the pageant of the sun.

The window panes were broken, the garden going wild. And as the night drifts down and colors

It needed paint and varnish, it needed love fade, and care. Still look on life cleareyed and unafraid.

It was the one we wanted. We combed its

tangled hair, And washed its face, and scrubbed it clean,

You'll Find In and mended it, and such.

We're glad we bought that little house "There's-a-WarOn"it needed us so much.

Attitude Here! STAR SHADOW

N 0. indeedl Although By Dorothy Marie Davis

we're operating to capacity is a shy thing, the wind is a frequently obliged and to The wind fawn; say, "Sorry, no accommodait is... it gone. surprise Whisk! you still If tions available."you'll

its it though will see never by day, You find the friendly atmossame track the phere prevails at Temple TIME the lilies, though trees double back. Flattens Square. as always, Today,

it although moonlight will Stuart see Sudie never by Hager By You we're that mighty thankful it might silver set snares everywhere You of think us you when you I time,"I wish had more '*T Tow go. to City. Salt come Lake And * * to say, used mother it, night I My but dark seen one not have we'll to justify our do best

in chair, knitting her Grandma, set) just a star's... wan... Til! by (The moon your loyalty to continued

her day: Answered one light Salt Lake's hotel. newest

all dear, the time there is, you've more; have no can IAsawslimwind'sdim shadowshadow thaton thea starlake wouldit passedcast. "MyA king

Count up the minutes in a dayl

Hotel LET ME FEEL JOY Surely an ample store.

By Drucilla R. Thomas "MinutesTo be plantedare the seedsin life'sof timefield;

nurturing, the depends you On Temple Square ILJelp me, dear Lord, to know the joy of the yield."depends you On

Salt Lake City Helpgiving.me to give unselfishly what e'er I can.

grant, God I shall not be too poor to share MARCH WIND love, my

CLARENCE L WEST, ToE'enletthoughmy strengthmy storesupportof wealtha fellowis smallman; By Thelma Ireland

I still can know the joy of giving, The March wind is so awkward,

Through me some darkened soul may see Has no manners, has no grace.

again It nearly knocks me off my feet

And I shall know the joy of living. And spills rain in my face.

SPRING SONG By Luacine Fox Today I walked beneath God's sky,

I trod the earth he made, And on my head I felt the sun.

My eyes were filled with beauty,The beauty of his hands. rleaj* ailing

The air was soft and fragrant With a thousand tiny perfumes from born. being blossomsThe fflk&A Jr&%$ ww green of bursting a laceAbove, YOU PRE

frothed against the sky. IF tender branchesAnd

And there was loveliness about the path I walked.

An unsung song of rapture gushed The tightest squeeze this year on the farm

A symphony of colors—a rainbow sprayed front will come at harvest time. Many overage binders

upon a waiting earth and threshers cannot survive another year. Modern maNo headlines, black and white, chines must be prepared to carry an extra load.

suffering. hate death and andOf stormlodged urgent S.O.S. will from The most come

conjured creation starkNo up by man's grains, grass soybeans, sorghums, seed crops legume and brain. degraded

No fearful cry—no horror—no!... all of which can be saved by the versatile AllCrop

Not any. of the ugliness, manborn, Harvester. Here's what you can do to get your machine

Could rob my heart of that one moment ready for maximum service in your community—

When, with all the glad new surge of +c Schedule your AllCrop immediately for the 24POINT spring. blossomladen air so soft and sweet, FARM COMMANDO overhaul by your AllisChalmersThe

The emerald of living grass, the sunshine dealer. This also includes reconditioning the attachments

gold of daffodil, for special crops and replac- K

When all these things renewed the faith ing or rebuildingworn parts.

that in that hour, and come what may,

I knew I walked beneath God's sky. * Listyourmachine onyour

dealer's official Register as a

WATER MARK availablequalified Farmfor outsideCommando,work

By Keith Thomas on neighboring farms...

Around this rock the ocean's flock If you are in need of an

Of waves to pasture climb; All -Crop Harvester, there

The in which your Howprint farof teeththey revealreach eachbeneathtime. are three ways

God bade the tide from land divide A-C dealer may help you:

And let these markings be (1) Supply you with a new

For men to find the plan designed AllCrop; (2) sell you a good If blast furnaces grow cold for

farm, iron the scrap lack of from Of heaven, earth, and sea. reconditioned machine; or

barrels. sake For the so will gun

touch with (3) place you in service in the from of your men

THE ARTIST an owner whose All -Crop own home town, turn every piece available for custom work. of idle iron in to the Victory By Arthur Wallace Peach is

dealer! Bank. Scrap Ask yourA-C See him today!

hen Mrs. Myers made a pie

No moon stood still or sun on high,w BUY STIIL MORE WAR BONDS! /els fUtlsA tAeJo4/

But with each choice ingredient

She made the pie a day's event

Her touch upon the pie became In essence all that sealed with fame

The art of Michelangelo, Undimmed while ages come and go.

When Mr. Myers cut a slice

With marked approval, though concise,

She knew, as anyone can guess,

An artist's crowning happiness!

ALUSCHALMERSTRACTOR DlVI S ION-M ILWAUKE E U. S. A.

ALLCROP HARVESTER

MARCH, 1944 135 Oil SINGLIVELY By ALFRED I. TOOKE

all the weeks I stayed in the New

INEngland village, I never did learn his real name. To old and young,

one and all, he was "Old SingLively,"and a most appropriate name it was, WALK At almost any time that you passed the barnlike structure that housed the toolsactivities—forand stockin-tradehe was a ofsorthis ofvariouscombination village blacksmith, builder, TO CHURCH carpenter, would plumber, painter—you

as his song tuneful voice hear his mingled with the melody of the anvil or the saw. TT'S good for you—and saves your car, It was on Sundays, however, that

Old SingLively was in his glory. Morngasoline and tires for essential war ingthe andlittleeveningschoolhousehe wasthatalwaysalso firstservedat

as meetinghouse. Others might be rework transportation. sponsible for this part or that part of

the service, but it was always Old SingLively who took charge of the music. It

was always Old SingLively who, at the appointed announced moments, And, remember, your car must have exthe voice, melnumbers. hymn It was his

lowed by the years, but still deep and pert care. Frequent checkups by your clear and resonant, that read the first

verse while the congregation "found the

Pep 88Vico station or dealer will help place"ways, afterin theira momentaryhymn books.pause,Andduringalwhich his gaze would sweep the conyour car to run better and last longer. gregation, his voice would boom: "Sing

lively, now! Sing lively!"Then, clear

let Us Help Keep Your Car In Fighting Trim r''UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS and Dealers in Its Products

STILL LEADING CHURCH BESTSELLERS

—Photograph bg H. Armstrong Roberts

as a bell, from that powerful throat the melody would flow, for the little schoolGOSPEL STANDARDS house boasted neither organ nor piano;

By President Heber J. Grant indeed it had little need of either, for

Old SingLively seemed to find the right key by instinct, and never did he pitch

Good reading on fundamentals of Mormonism, church ad- a tune too high or too low for his conministration, the church and society, Mormon economics—the life gregation.

livelier tunes, the dearly loved He and times of the seventh president of the church.

if of a verse, at the sometimes, end and some voice had been guilty of dragging, $2.25 At bookdealers everywhere he would eye the offender reproachfully, and again exhort them to "sing live-

(Concluded on page 165) 136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Jeano Orlando

<hlarch

March is a wild bird Winging, strong and fleet, Into relentless winds, blind To defeat.

March is a manchild Running swift and free, Head tossed, gay shouts ringing

Noisily,

March is a willowbud Affianced to the spring;

Wild, gay, modest—

Disquieting!

By Helen Baker Adams

MARCH, 1944 THE

/Keilaioud tttituaed OF NOTED MEN

By LEON M. STRONG

is said that Robert Ingersoll, reIT nowned agnostic orator, shortly before his death, was asked if his friends might use his forceful speeches and writings. He is reported to have

said: You are at liberty to use anything you wish, but I pray you to omit any intimations

I may have made to the nonexistence of

God.

The late Senator William E. Borah

of Idaho adds his bit:

I am a believer in the fundamental principles of religious liberty. If the time ever

comes when I have to sacrifice my office for those principles, I shall unhesitatingly do so.1 And again, in a letter to a high school student:Tk Ydagt\& fiist,3m \

I do believe in prayer. I believe in a God

who answers prayers."

The following is said to be an addiLooks a little silly, doesn't it?... Actually, we tion King George of England made to

the talk which he broadcast Christmas never heard of a woman who locked up her laundry morning, 1931, in which he quoted

Louise Haskins:

soap with the family sparklers.

I said to the man who stood at the gates

But the general idea isn't bad. Soap, under war oftreadthesafelyyear, into"Givethe meunknown."a light thatand Ihemayreplied, "Go forth into the darkness and put

conditions, is a precious article. Every bar that's your hand into the hand of God. which shall

made contains materials vital to the success of abeknownto you way."*better than a light and safer than

our men in the service. President Franklin D. Roosevelt has

been quoted in a prominent daily paper

We don't believe any sensible woman needs as follows:

urging to be careful with soap. To buy whenTheretheycomesmust apreparetime in tothedefendaffairsnotof theirmen

homes only, but the tenets of their faith and just what she needs. To get full value from humanity on which their churches and their

government and their very civilization are every ounce. To make every bar last as founded.*

long as possible... Robert E. Lee, the courageous but

tranquilsouled man of the Southern especially when she uses armies, wrote a letter when the fortunes of the South were at very low ebb.

FelsNaptha Soap! What he wrote was characteristic of

his life. Here is an extract from his

letter: We are all in the hands of a kind God who will do for us what is best, and more than we deserve, and we have only to endeavor to deserve more and to do our duty to him and to ourselves. May we all

deserve his mercy, his care, and his protection.*

iLibertg, Vol. 35, No. 2. p. 27

aLetter on file with the present writer 'Troth Magazine, 1941 *New York Times. January 8, 1939

Robert E. Lee—Man and Soldier, by Thomo

Nelson Page, Charles Scribners and Sons, 1934, p.

Tuoldmaa theme /\apir\apldi

5u J-redident J4eber /j. Ljrant

i heard of a man, who was at a great banquet, speaking to another regarding the faith of the Latterday Saints. He said, "Why, the Mormon people, those who

live their religion, do not use tea, coffee, tobacco, or liquor."

The other man said, "I do not believe a word of it."

The first man replied, "It is true."

These two nonMormons were sitting at one of the tables at this banquet. Along came

a member of the church. The man who was defending the Mormons said, "There comes a

Mormon. He is going to take a seat with us. I'll bet you. he won't drink coffee."

The bet was accepted. The Mormon drank the coffee!

When they came out, the one who lost his bet said, "I have no further use for that man, who, professing to believe that God gave a revelation through Joseph Smith, telling the people to leave such things alone, yet comes here and publicly disobeys the teachings of his prophet.

I have trusted that man, but I will quit trusting him."

We carry upon our shoulders the reputation, so to speak, of the church, every one of us. The young men and young women of today who think they are being smart by getting

a little wine and a little liquor in their homes, and doing that which the Lord tells them not to do, are laying a foundation that will lead to their destruction eventually. They cannot go on

breaking the commandments of the Lord without getting into the rapids. And what are the

rapids? The rapids of moderate drinking, nine times out of ten, lead to excessive drinking,

and excessive drinking leads to the destruction of body and of mind and of faith.

Any Latterday Saint who actually believes in the commandments contained in the Doctrine and Covenants must have no regard for advancement in life when he fails to keep what is known as the Word of Wisdom, which was given to us, not by commandment, but for our temporal salvation. There is absolutely no benefit to any human being derived from breaking the Word of Wisdom, but there is everything for his benefit, morally, intellectually,

physically, and spiritually in obeying it.

What does the Lord say to those who obey his commandments?

And all saints who remember to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall receive health in their navel and marrow to their bones;

And shall find wisdom and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures;

And shall run and not be weary, and shall walk and not faint.

And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, that the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the children of Israel, and not slay them.

May every father and mother so order -their lives that their example will be an inspiration to their children. May all realize that every Latterday Saint carries, to a certain extent,

upon his or her shoulders the reputation of the church of Christ.

May the Lord, our Father in heaven, help each and every Latterday Saint to become familiar with the commandments of the Lord as contained in the Doctrine and Covenants; to

become familiar with the history and the dealings of God with Joseph Smith, with the marvelous inspiration of the living God to him who was the founder, under God, of the church of

Christ.

Above all, may each Latterday Saint live the gospel so that its truth will be proclaimed by his example.

Jke Lditord fcaae f MARCH, 1944 139

friend of mine recently asked, in substance, the following questions: "Why, in these times while

help of short and so overAare sowe welfare the church does comCHURCH WELFAREworked, mittee urge the production of so much clothing, food, fuel, and other commodities; why the erection of these many m nffanon kj. /\otnneubishops'storehouses; why acquire & ca

properties and develop permanent projASSISTANT MANAGING DIRECTOR GENERAL ects? Is there really a need for them? CHURCH WELFARE COMMITTEE, AND

Isn't this just an unnecessary burden laid upon the backs of the people?"ASSISTANT TO THE TWELVE

It is my conviction, born of experience, that a prayerful study of what the

Lord's living prophets have said, together with what has been done about church in strange lands. It is felt in the consent the practice of abstaining from

the welfare plan since 1936, will congrip of the hand and in the understandtwo meals on the first Sunday of each giving thereof its equivalent the highest and month It approaches greeting. it that skeptical is notvince a ing the most

is fast offering. the bishop. the encourageThis giving of to in the expression the opportunity; anburden but by way

for the in caring It is bishop the of in used need time by by and assistance ment divine the comapplywhich we may spirit of in the needy. to neighbor neighbor as neighbor shaft thy lovemand, "Thou

love of "is the pure which true charity,thyself."(Lev. 19:18.) Fast Offerings amount 7:47.) The Christ."(Mor.

Part of the Gospel of assistance thus bestowed by individThe church membership, as shown by ual members of the church will never the statistical report given at the genAt the outset, let us be conscious that be known, for it is given without the eral conference, April 1943, was 917,- the church welfare plan is wholly a right hand knowing what the left hand 715. Assuming the average value of

church program. It is part of the gosdoes. But certainly it is very great. meals to be 15c and that all members

pel of Jesus Christ and therefore it must There is hardly one among us who has strictly observed the fast and conbe understood, as are all other phases not been at some time on the giving and tributed an honest fast offering, the conof the gospel, by the spirit of God and then again on the receiving end. tribution would be 30c per capita per

not by the spirit of man. President Grant has set a splendid month, $3.60 per year, or an annual

We accept as a matter of course and example in the exercise of this virtue. total of $3,303,774.00. This would go

without reservation the fact that we are His unbounded love for his fellow men far toward eliminating actual need and brothers and sisters, "begotten sons he has repeatedly demonstrated, by no one would be the poorer because the and daughters unto God,"as it is stated paying here a widow's mortgage, and offering given would be saved by the in the revelation. (D. & C. 76:24. ) This there the debt of an oppressed man; he fasting, while the church would be ininvolves the whole doctrine of preex- has supplied sustenance to numerous infinitely richer spiritually.

istence; our antemortal spirit life; the dividuals and families in their hour of Unfortunately, the offerings placed in

gospel plan as evolved there; our acneed, while hosts of men and women the bishops'hands have not always been

ceptance of it; the purpose for the createstify that in their most lonely days of sufficient to meet the needs of his peoearth. the of the peopling grieftion, and he has cheered and sorrow their ple. 1935, in September made A survey

discuss I shall not fundamentals and comencouragementThese giving lives by "that the fact of 17.9 percent revealed

here, but understanding them, we know fort in a friendly visit. We would do the entire church membership received

the truth of the declaration, well to emulate his example. relief, or a total of 88,460 persons; that

/, out stretched the the Lord, heavens, Concerted Effort Needed relief80,247frompersonsthe (16.3countypercent)and 8,213received(1.6 built the earth, very handiwork;and my

and all things therein are mine. And it is Notwithstanding, however, the widepercent) received relief from church

my purpose to provide [or my saints, for spread worthy practice of bestowing funds."(Message on relief by the first

all things are mine. But it must needs be private charities, there is no assurance presidency, April 1936.)

in minedone will be cared members all church own way. (D. & C. 104:14that of Observance the monthly fast and author's.)16. Italics be order must for thereby. There is honest fast offering and payment of an

this about in bringing effort united the under plan, oburged welfare in and the waters of bapthrough who, We divine. things is in all jective, there as addition thereto calls the for program the withtism, Lord covenanted have Smith Prophet Joseph the Says fuel, the food, production clothing, of the to us willing take arethat upon we

name of his Son and always remember The greatest temporal and spiritual and other necessities of life.

him and keep his commandments which blessings, which always come from faithhe has given us, have been united in fulness and concerted effort, never attend inAnnual Church Welfare Budget (Teachings or enterprise. exertion dividual are under Christ of andthe bonds list of necessities, these a year Each Italics Smith, p. 183. Joseph the Prophet of in the to assist Lord obligationsolemn has as the anwhich to be come known added.) in "brethren Saints, his our forcaring is nual welfare church prebudget,

the Lord"(Alma 17:2), and we must The welfare plan affords the opportupared under the direction of the gendo it in the Lord's "own way."nity for that united, orderly, "concerted eral church welfare committee. The

effort."quantities are based on the anticipated

Based on Love Bishops'Responsibility need.the welfareThe budgetregions isof brokenthe church,downandto us to love admonished The Savior

one another. Following his great disAs early as 1832, the Lord by revelathen to the stakes in the region, and

course about love and unity being * tion put the responsibility for lookfinally to the wards, priesthood quocharacteristic of the gospel of Christ, ing after the poor upon the bishop of rums, and other units within the stakes he referred to love and unity among his the church. (D. & C. 84:112.) Earlier for production. This budget, when it

followers as being convincing evidence in the same year, he specified that "the is produced, is put in the hands of the to the world that the Father had sent storehouse shall be kept by the conbishops of the church and placed in him. This love for one another is alsecrations of the church; and the widbishops'storehouses. Thus, in dischargways present in the church of Jesus ows and orphans shall be provided for, ing their responsibilities to the poor of

Christ. It is found wherever church as also the poor."(D. & C. 83:6.) To the church, the bishops have two

members meet. Particularly is it noticemeet this charge partially, there has sources of supply: the fast offerings and

able away from the main bodies of the grown up in the church by common the welfare budget. An effort is being

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ended and the industrious child returns to school and his income of $10 per month stops, the rules of the past have required that a new investigation be made beforean OPPORTUNITY the cut can be restored. Cases are numerous where it has taken from six weeks to

three months for a cut once made to be made to widen the production base so siring to withdraw the money he had on restored.

the circumstances such widowed Under deposit bank. in the shall made that as nearly The brother as may be prowe will that her family be in knows to mother that necessities. the request be given all the money of life's duce of for works, period them a if anyone want

him in private. The president did not so she is forced to teach her children not to

An Aim of Church Welfare say how much it was, but he did say be industrious and to depend on the state there one example only If were serious, but not so be would One of the aims of church welfare is thatin ratherit waslargea sizeabledenominations,roll of currencyand he forthe aproblemliving.

to see that each church member who said further that within a few days this there are hundreds of children in this state will accept the program and subscribe brother's name appeared on the list of who are being so trained and taught because it himself that is being sponphilosophy the efforts of to a welfare who, of and by assistance. of public recipients

laws.... sored by our for is himto care his family, unable and fertile valleys of the most In one of

his that self, to us for assume example. another Let "according shall cared Take be apcountry, intermountain a the woman

is per for old the person an budget $30 his circumstances family, to according presiof stake a a proached member or a should one If such a keep month. cow 51 his (D. needs."C. and wants and & if would he asked lawyer, dency, and a often the small garden, worker, case have a ) of is the achievement as Important 3. inbeing back. her land get help Upon infiguring art net in the of inexperienced

is it less objective, consequence of this exfollowing the she terrogated, gave the to required decide value comes, be would it is to in is be the which manner than: client to reduce or and of the garden planation cow

reached, for it must be accomplished in his grant in that amount. Consequently the

such a way as to do away with the I had a valuable sixtyacre irrigated farm recipient soon discovers that it does not pay curse of idleness, the evils of a dole, which I conveyed to my married daughter in to be industrious so he wastes his life....

assist- I government get might order inindependence, develop is to so as peoto and a keep one a system good Such the died recently and daughter ance. thatMy lot furnish to a selfrespect perpetually relief thrift and amongst on dustry, and to ple refuses title husband. to her passed He to for teach social workers opportunities of First the of people. (See "Message our ownership. acknowledge my their incomes clients to meager make how October Church."the to Presidency

it is a the but month, system stretch through is there governor's following the 1936.) from conference, That The general

citizens is In the that training thousands of is eviLegislature, to the is 1943 for a program message such Utah sore need that independpersonal industry belief and all it 12, incidents in press the appeared as following the January denced by (Italics added.) not pay. ence does

brought to our attention recently. 1943. He was discussing the state welfare program. The above incidents and quotations

at from random which could many Need Demonstrated The for a are area, the In budget Ogden cited. illustrate be character the They is. childrenthe about mother and two.. widowed purto president proposed A stake in in decay progress midst, our. encourre- being placed on month. per $45. On "** plot small a of ground with chase a fostered aged and false the is philoslief by case informed that mother. by the

building on one corner which might be worker that she will be allowed that amount ophies, panaceas, and practices of the used for a bishops'storehouse. He exeach month provided that she and the memtimes. A few more decades of training

plained that it was planned to build a bers of her family receive no income or aschildren to grow up in idleness; of ensource. other from sistance any corral chickens, for and a a few coop couraging sons and to daughters take

if the one during months summer Now, for a on garden sheds and a cow, grow fathers from their their mothers and job parttime get a children should of her inquiry portion. the remaining An meager of means support and, while deper earn and neighbor's lawn a cutting $10 that explanation the a brother brought it, vouring their turn to parents the.. on the rules that case worker the say month

it, operate next residing door would live public the family grant best to as domain they by immediately. reduce can must

that he was existing without fear of $10 per month. as public charges; of condoning the

"assistance,"but public starvation on therefore, child's must, earnings go The fraudulent practice of and women men the the family budget. After that most miserable summer in into the man he was is disposing of false property making and

the world because he had nothing to do. representations in order to qualify for

BISHOPS'STOREHOUSE REGIONAL LAKE SALT president, stake a banker, Another all dole; of teaching and CTY, SALT UTAH government LAKE ELEVATOR, AND GRAIN dehis office visited at by a brother was the the people that government owes courtesy Company Deseret Book—Photograph

them economic security from the "cradle to the grave"—a few more decadessay—andof suchwe shalltraininghaveandlost practices,the virtuesI

of free, independent, selfsustaining men. We shall merit no more than

slavery into which we shall have sunk.

Some Things We Cannot Afford HPhere are some things to which we

A have a legal right but which we cannot afford, and the acceptance of public relief is one of them. It requires too

great a sacrifice in selfrespect and in political, temporal, and spiritual independence. It requires too great a

sacrifice in industry and thrift, those sterling virtues possessed by the people who built our nation and established us in these mountain valleys. For these

reasons, we could not afford to accept public relief, even though we might be assuredWe have,thathowever,it will alwaysno suchbe assurance.available.

( Continued on page 1 89 MARCH, 1944 141

(L*liza /\. J5know 5 wSketch of

ast summer, Dr. D. Sterling Wheelof the different styles of favorite antes.

for in journals, publication various which J search gathering early westernI wright and his wife did much reWhen quite young, I commenced writrmg for several years, continued over assumed poetry. time spent in our some They writer,. to useful be as a signatures—wishingI library to church the and then went author. as and an unknown

great Bancroft Library of the Univer- I was early taught to respect the Bible, sity of California at Berkeley. In inand in Sabbath schools recited much of the

troducing himself, as I recall his conNew Testament—at times reciting seven of

versation with me later, he said the purthe long chapters in the Gospels, at a lesson.

pose of his visit was to collect the best My heart yearned for the gifts and manifestations of apostles ancient those which poetry. early western promptwas He

testified. lived I wished Sometimes I had

ly told outstanding, that there is but one that earth, Christ on the Jesus was when early pioneer western poet-—Eliza R. might have witnessed the power of GodI

Snow of the Mormon church. To his manifested through the Gospel. But alas!

great surprise, he was then shown a the time of such manifestations was gone large collection of her writings. forever, so said the clergy.

with I listened Alexander to Campbell collection In this Sketch of is "A the in interest, interested and became My deep written Life,"Eliza R. Snow, at Mr. by Scott Prophets. ancient Walter He and

Bancroft's request. She assisted him in and Sidney Rigdon were frequent visitors

gathering material for his History of at my father's house. They assisted me in

Utah. I believe no one at church headmy Bible studies. When I heard of Joseph

quarters knew anything about this Smith as a Prophet of God revealing the soul hungered again, what it was my until aunt's Dr. Gospel production from pen my

true. I it to for, too be good thought but it. of told After Wheelwright some me testithis impressive the after most Soon Eleanor with Mrs. correspondence I given two heard ever were by had monies

Bancroft, assistant to the director of of the witnesses to the Book of Mormon.

the Bancroft Library, she kindly had a photostatic copy made of the entire Aunt Eliza was baptized by the sketch- -fortynine large folio pages, Prophet Joseph Smith, April 5, 1835. To

beautifully written in Aunt Eliza's own quote further:

I taught a select ha5d boarded Themanuscript is a valuableill,,,.addition schoolIn theforspringyoungofladies,1836, and with ELIZA R. SNOW, TAKEN FROM A STEEL

to the information we already have the Prophet's family. January, 1837, by ENGRAVING

about this noted Mormon poetess, writsolicitation, I resided in the family of Joseph tells of the Kirtland persecution, the migration to Missouri, of the sufferings and persecution and the move to Quincy, Illinois, where she wrote several articles for the press over the nomde- plume of "A Mormon Girl."This is

while the Prophet was in Liberty Jail.

Ztl l*i tided, /5eJt>l &,<$*&jL*.a/,/w# When the Saints commenced gatherdi t/t. &>+*-<* *ten* t**</tJt ing in Commerce ( afterwards Nauvoo )

Aunt Eliza accepted an invitation to **n**tj 1*ij**ui**t >*ftZu* ei$J)k4t} U$tMjit. teach Sidney Rigdon's family school.

She tells of the "building and occupation of Nauvoo,"of her marriage to the living with Smith, and Prophet Joseph school, and family taught his Smith, and women. leader among er, organizer, and in House, family the and his Mansion daily his to mark opportunity had ample experiences important the most of Some Relief of the Soof organization God. the a Prophet of as conversation and first walk the for here life told are in her the martyrof ciety. tragedy awful The

pictured. is vividly chardom gives an impressive she Here the from will be seen sketch, as ""The account of the persecuFollowing an she Smith. Then of Joseph sketch acter is signed photostats, accompanying

Eliza R. Snow Smith. It is indexed in

the Bancroft Library as Eliza Smith, not

Snow. Many of the incidents and experiences told in this manuscript are entirely new. We have no other record Ol4AAtjixJk-*-i'C

of them. Others throw new light on

facts recorded elsewhere. The following is quoted from the writing

practical knowl- a considered mother My efbest the and most housekeeping of edge ficient foundation on which to build a magnificent structure of womanly accomplishments. My parents carefully imprest

on the minds of their children, that useful labor is honorable—idleness and waste of

sinful. Bookstudies disgraceful and time

I was y **n-**s*-*x. urh*-i** 7 ott*7 t&jC, present. ever were and schooling

partial to poetical works, and when very young frequently made attempts at imitation 142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

// THE TIE Banorpft Library Life Uniw.a ity of C al ifomiaMy | Elixa Smith THAT BINDS

(& oLef\oi C. Vnow Sketch of my LifBy FRED W. J MOELLER

tions and sufferings of the Saints in and in the fall, my half was a halfbushel potatoes. beautiful Public of meetings were tells evacuaEliza of the Nauvoo, Aunt Saints, ourLatter-day pride we

i.e., in parlor,"held "Lord's the of doors, out tion city beautiful Saints of that the by "different.". selves being on But plenty for sufAs with newcomers, of room the story begins the then of Pioneer and it is different. to not be enough ficient sit to stand or groundfloor upon.

Bluffs, across journey to Council Iowa better. also be We must

the building the Quarters, of Winter is taught best exMormonism by but sentences are disconnected These 1 there winter the sojourn during of 846 it is ample. In other eyes, the always thirty of the from pages about manu- '47, difficult jourlong the and and and small seemingly weaknesses which script, tells following Eliza which Aunt

in Salt to 1847 the Valley. ney Lake large. disrecannot loom be They of her President Brigappointment by

is of vivid synopsis account a This Aunt garded. to Relief reorganize the SoYoung ham Eliza's been Pioneer has Diary which

in ciety Salt the of church City failings tie Lake binding are to a the us Our in appearing Improvement Era The orassist to bishops the then "to and of the a world,"world "ways from since 1943. March in their ganize society of the branches should shortcomings wrest whose we

respective wards. President Then free. ourselves

in valley, arrival the the Pollowing inanother gave Young me ** then mission—to refuse give to do up we Why brief Eliza writes a biography Aunt sisters struct the the church. throughout certain in that worldly order ways we life rest the of to three of within her up I estithen could not adequate an form live a method which have by may we her death. of years writes: She the the of mate of magnitude In work. better as other? than chosen any The

I called to the 1876 report upon was first in the winter mountains Our was "sacrifice"in often is very used word in the work of Utah delightful. women, houseless: of us were Most and charitable giving these of the up world. ways

I Fair in Philadelphia. been, would have orhad that... what the result In 1867 In actually not order a sacrifice. That is

to sacrifice we must have something of value to give up. A life of dissolute

pleasure can be of no value to us once we have learned the laws of the Lord.

>.; We cannot hope to enjoy what we know

is wrong. Our conscience won't let

us. Yet we foolishly continue to try.

//Uvu. ttu. t*<rU. *****(. A*v*-. *,njt *iUOtji+i Aam fx, It seems quite easy for us to refrain

//%* tx*u+. b+JfUrtJ**-?ZuM tvfii MU. **xl+*j tntA *rJf/i from the more obvious transgressions.

Most people can, outside the church as well as in it. Having accomplished

this much we feel very righteous. But

the test, the real challenge, comes when we are asked to refrain from the little things. Christ, in his sermon on the

mount, stressed their importance:

Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the winter been as severe as the succeeding ones, ganized the first Society of Young kingdom of heaven: but whosoever shall do

the Lord only knows. The women devoted Ladies, under President Young's diand teach them, the same shall be called

to time administering sick, the much and in great the of heaven. kingdom in rection."

fervent in to prayer behalf of our God I unto For say except you, That your first full also gives the Eliza Aunt brethren. the Indians the From we shall the righteousness exceed of righteousness use the organization of account of the "Segoroot."wild have Indian we Mylearned scribes the of shall in Pharisees, and ye no

girl, Sally Indian (whose 1880,"Pidash) name the was Associations. "In Primary into case enter the of heaven. kingdom

in tasteful dress, neat became and although she writes, "I traveled thousand one 5:19, 20.) (Matthew

first at like she cronched a dog. bones Soon jolting miles and rocks over team by

after tall arrival, our LibertyPole a was afraid are being alone, of of We sand, occasionally through bedded its erected, the from summit, "Stars and acting Yet, independently. being alone, drives."long at night out camping on if Stripes"float to with, and seemed posourselves; discover become we sible, significance includes than more they of we account "Sketch"were an wont The

as somebody. to be come known We breezes. eastern on second season a The volher nine many publications—some individual, just as of not an the "one tragic fate crops. our Precisely awaited culture the the of umes, of promotion

gang."corresponding of descriptions ancient with organization of silk, of manufacture and

raids locust continent, the crickEastern on this sacrifice time the ( and word We the of "Silk Association,"organization ets size, of enormous from came is for "sacrifice") ideals sake the our the the the Hospital, labors in Deseret solid mountains, in moving a downphalanx—takothers, of of being doing they as with the to administering Lord,"of "House ing everything them. before sent Providence do, "living"believe are they because we sick, for publication, the writing proofsea-gulls of rescue. host to a gulls our Those in large swarms, went through the invading reading, an extensive correspondence and we want to live too. We are afraid

army, swallowing the crickets. As their and many other activities and labors of we are going to miss something and so

stomachs filled, they vomited and filled love, "all of which,"she says, "is cerwant to be out where things are happenuntil again, the entirely premises were ing. Instead, things could be making we tainly tribute of a higher of gratiworth

cleared. ourselves. happen the to of tude Giver than God, all good, of to sent California company was men A to live waiting of us are of when expressing."capable Most I am I for cuttings. seeds for six and 75c gave

or seven little potatoes, all of which I could The "Sketch"will be reproduced in we should be living. Our children are

hold in one hand. I let them out to raise, full in the Relief Society Magazine. (Continued on page 180)

MARCH, 1944 143 Jivckaeoloalcalueoioawa

the DISCOVERIES Mlimine The men of deep religious faith, who alone count for the progress of the human race, will rejoice and take courage at a fresh proof that the 5u ]re5ident

Father has never left himself without witnesses among men, and that even the most unlikely elements have gone to prepare the world for him who was and still is to come.—C. H. W. Johns, Queens College, Cambridge. about him on every side, until the Lord put

them under the soles of his feet.

the hath given But Lord now me God my is rest side, that neither there every on so evil occurrent. nor TheMaeterlinck,Belgian writer,has shownMauricein The MerchantPhoeniciansShips of the adversary

entitled his Great book The I to build behold, house purpose an And the Phoenicia coast eastern along lay remains other that recordsSecret and the the the of as unto Lord God, name my the early Mediterranean as and Sea asof revealedof antiquity some have father, saying, spake unto Lord David my B. as 1,000 the its people C. were

I will set son, throne peothy concerning informationtounding upon whom Its Thy wealthiest that time. of merchants shall build unto in house room, thy an he atples lived the of human dawn who

cities principal were two and Tyre name. my is surprises thathistory. the the of One

... latter it Sidon, the the being imporheard most to pass Hiram when came Andearliest barbarof being instead peoples,

ous or uncultured, were civilized and possessed a culture of high order. The

greatest creations of the Babylonians date four thousand years before Christ

Perand Babylonians born.was The VIEW OF THE

instead of stonesians and used brick CITY left ANCIENT OF

NIPPUR, clay written recordsimperishable on

ANCIENT thetablets. of inundations annual The 'BABYLONIA,IN jjr* THE SHOWING sandTigris deposited Euphrates and

EIGHTYFOOT WALL their quality which from of fineand clay ENCLOSING THE writing material was made. EXCAVATEDCASTLE BY

Another strange thing is that "the AMERICAN wellkneaded, but unbaked inscriptions ARCHE0L0GISTS lying for centuries under the ground, when carefully taken from their resting places of hundreds of years, often appear as if they were written yesterday."

Such tablets last indefinitely. The

scribes wrote with a stylus made of wood or metal. When used to write in

clay, an impression was made like a wedge; hence the term "cuneiform

writing."Great libraries have been discovered by archaeologists in ancient

Nineveh and other places of Chaldea and Babylon. Thousands of letters have

been brought to light from about four thousand years before the Christian era, and they show that every man of standing in ancient Babylon had a seal, the impression of which upon a letter served as his signature. The fifteenth chapter Photograph by

of Numbers, verses 38, 39, refers to such UnderwoodUnderwood 6 signatures.

Some years ago the library of Ashurbanipal was discovered at Nineveh.

This king ruled from 668 to 626 B.C.,

and thousands of tablets have been taken from this collection and deposited in the libraries of the world. Always a

student of the past, the king set his tant city of the two, considered from the of the words of Solomon, that he rejoiced learned men to transcribing all the literstandpoint of wealth. In the fifth chapgreatly, and said, Blessed be the Lord this

day, hath unto which wise given a David it in antiquity, ter theature writing of read: I Kings, of down we

this son over great people.capital are of obNineveh. books The

trees cedar Hiram... So gave Solomon his sent of servants king Tyre Hiram Andjects tablet for of a beauty, clay even

fir all trees, his desire. to according and they that for heard unto had he Solomon;is the beautiful if it contains of record a thoutwenty gave Solomon Hiram And his the of in king anointed room him had brickshistory or of man. books The to for of food measures wheat sand father; for lover of ever a David. Hiram was

open to us in these modern days untold And Solomon sent to Hiram, saying, Thou household, and twenty measures of pure oil:his

wealth of information as to what people knowest how that David my father could thus gave Solomon to Hiram year by year.

did and thought in the centuries before not build an house unto the name of the And the Lord gave Solomon wisdom, as the Christian era. Lord his God for the wars which were he promised him; and there was peace be144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

oars from Senir (Mount Hermon), Lebanon, Discoveries Which Illumine the and Bashan, he refers to the fine linen with Bible embroidered work from Egypt for the sails;

while blue and purple work were imported "D ecent discoveries in Babylonia, Asfrom the isles of Elisha in the Aegean Sea. * syria, Egypt and other ancient nainhabitants of Sidon and were "The Arvad illumine are the Bible tions which numpilots."thy mariners, thy were thy wise men

cities erous. like The sites of many Ur caulkers, then the deals with prophet The

and mentions that the Persians, the Lydians, of the Chaldees, Babylon, Ashur, and the men of Libya were the fighting men. Nineveh, and Calah have been exBIBLE Returning to commercial matters, Tarshish cavated. Thousands of documents

(probably a port in India) traded in silver, brought to light bear in some way on iron, and lead. Javan (the Ionian Greeks), the Bible. For example, an epic of the

dealt (the in slaves Balkans), and Tubal creation in circulated Babywhich was of brasswork. house Tegarmah The in lon the century seventh and Assyria horses, horsemen, brought (Armenia) and

It is discovered. Christ before been hascJLeui (L*dt9at w oun9 in emeralds, traded purple Syria mules. and

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL embroidered work, fine linen, coral, and written on a beautifully made clay tabagate. Damascus dealt in Tyrian manufaclet. To Babylonia and to Egypt manOF THE SEVENTY tures, while Dan and Javan imported bright kind owes the working out of her initial

problems of civilization, the process of agriculture, the making of bricks, the working of stone, the manufacture and use of the ordinary implements of life, the development of mathematics and astronomy. They knew how to build

large houses, and their bridges and roads are still discovered with the spade of the archaeologist. But the "higher

spiritual concepts which have now become the heritage of man neither Babylonia nor Egypt was fitted to contribute.

These came through the agency of other peoples."The Bible has many references to gold and precious stones desired in ancient times as we desire them now. The

romance of the jewel is an interesting subject. The word "jewel"means a

"thing of joy."A famous passage in

the Book of Job gives us this truth:

As for the earth, out of it cometh bread, and under it is turned up as it were by fire.

The stones of it are the place of sapphires, and it hath dust of gold.

People made themselves fine with jewels thousands of years ago. In the Book of

Genesis we find that the servant of

Abraham, who was sent into Mesopo-—Photograph by Underwood 5 Underwood tamiafor Isaac,to findgavea wifeto Rebekahof Abraham's"a goldentribe

CEDARS OF LEBANON, MIGHTY GROVES ONCE iron, cassia, weight,"earring (an aromatic calamus and and of half a shekel

SUPPLIED THAT SOLOMON'S WOOD FOR TEMPLE root). goats, sheep supplied Arabia and her to presented betrothal after the

description while spices of gold and every gold. silver of jewels jewels of and We

the foreign parts of brought were from many recall a ring upon Pharaoh wore how rween and Hiram Solomon, and they two world. then known put he took upon together. off and league which his hand 5:1-12.) made a (I Kings

Joseph's hand, and he also put a gold

About the year 1250 B.C., trading The art of navigation goes back to chain about his neck.

history. earliest the In the of stations established the dawn along were

If writings of sacred the to turn we referrecords, Egyptian Chaldean and farther into Mediterranean coast and find references to religions other we navigation. are to ences ships isles and the made the the of sea and beyond

love, honor, jewels and of as marks great ruler Straits of It Chaldea, is Hammurabi, The Gibraltar. of known now

It is the that said pearl adoration. was the united empire, imonly not tin that and to brought Sidon Tyre and was

first fascinated stone beautiful the which irrithe extended of proved system and from England. they went, Wherever

gold, the sands from washed man, and gation of he but Chaldea, promulgated fine linens, the sold Phoenicians dyed earliest times. rivers, of from used was in of part to related code a which laws glasswares. goods, woolen and Accordthree nearly wrought ornaments Gold shipping navigation. ing and to Sir of Percy the Sykes Royal

discovyears have been thousand ago Geographical Society the of London, old navigators depended upon The in of ered tombs "and workEgyptian fleets in Phoenician the traded Sea Red stars the steer for the to by, Chaldeans as to put so modern manship much good relations and commercial opened up in versed were astronomy mathand philosopher to shame."Hindu work A India. this with In connection, the ematics. into the divided year They the about wrote diamond: "She once Ezekiel the prophet of one wrote most the to twelve corresponding months, herself adorns a wears diamond who vivid relations of the trade of accounts signs of the in counted Zodiac dozand of creation's the rays dawn."with pure

in sixth the early Tyre B.C. century sixties. ens sun's the divided and They this least at of jewel Records back go twentysixth of chapter the prophThe just into degrees, do, course as 360 it is we five fanciyears, thousand no and

is et's finest of the pieces of one book their into hours. double twelve and day ful that the stones statement which

literature written ever the economic on into divided sixty minhour Each was glistened of the the of head queen on life It is the people. of summarized by utes, into the year and months. twelve diamonds. Sheba were Sir in these Sykes Percy words in H. NavigaWhall Romance (W. chief of jewels for the Tyre market was

Beginning with timber for the ships and tion. ) (Concluded on page 188)

MARCH, 1944 145.

5L CONSECRATION MOVEMENT '50 Part II Conclusion 's

may now return to the quesif transfers actual tion why, leading to of possessions class distinctions, uncontrol could of property system haveWeproperty occur, did not the deeds pride will equal opportunity and devised a brought be been have that would

. I.. in of consecration of described Part avoided. closer to equality than approach was

rich the system would the for members present make The study (See FebruEra realized the to during migration Utah.

all for as a people, bring the posit would all ary 1944, at page were 80) made the circumstances favored Compelling sessions the the of under manageChurch 1 in at rather 85562 and than some why spirit close of of maintenance a coopof wisest experienced the and ment most time. other colThe Mormons who first the eration three or during two or men. Stewardships reduced be would

largely onized those Utah were who in the of to allottime to settlement bring enlarged time from Utah. about years The

had been thwarted in Missouri and exmost effective utilization of property. There ment of land was controlled by the

pelled from Illinois, and they carried would be buying and selling and exchangchurch; holdings were small and full

private as of ing the that the convictionwith under system ownerthem they in utilization required. Differences was

ship, the there of conbe none and would to must, please the observe God, cominsignificant. Saints wealth were The fusion characterizes that ownership common revealed as through themandments their of labor generously prodgave and responsibility. control with undivided The It will later thatProphet. not appear to public provide improvements, it all, ucts to wealth, of belongs though use and all in the complete agreement were on establish immigration, the support and will to the similar with existing condition be

meaning of the Prophet's words. The respect to knowledge and spiritual gifts. poor.

scholarly vigorousmost exponent and all gifts the to available extent are to Such until after Accordingly, there 1850of Smith's ideas experience, Orson training, Joseph that worthiness was and little in for reason theory except was it is it possible. their to Pratt, will enjoyment the reader make of So remind and

that of consecration. time system a By will ability great of property. with be Men beliefs thethe of which background by emphatically gold the rush revealed had for estates, agents only as great but manage if influenced, were sumMormons we the worldliness Saints. of the of all will social order. of the many members There principles of discussion the a ofmarize

all for poor, access rich It neither be nor struck have colonies with the cyyoung 1 consecration the presented as emiby to the store of goods. clonic to threatened force uproot and expositor thenent period during under

their or holdsold traded them. Many it to will steps, are noted,review: be Three

for ings the joined caravans and headed into in of order entering the taken be

California. held the the before In 1831, Brigham old, year Young a Church was

: all first, the transfer the of stewardships the to the Saints gave Lord the through faithful their to sense appeals with good of agent to an the property of member this Smith,Prophet Joseph "Be command: their in belief the the destiny of and of a second, allotment the the church; if one, are one, not are ye not mine."and ye depicting fearful the the church, by and bishthe the to stewardship member by 38:27.) This (Doc. Cov. em- & command evils that them. upon would come He

all the braces Saints other transfer third, to are periodic the commands. op; The that believe to consecration soon came in doctrine, not to only but are one they be the realized surpluses from the of bishop the properties of hold might more of in things. one as the temporal Justmade the constewardship. operation of The in excheck. ones gave wavering He in Saints Primitive the the Church and in the discussed properties secration of

in characterthis a to pression thoughtChristian the like Church Nephites, among first first rein article the step a wasthe residents of the of Zion at istically Enoch, overcame vigorous Parowan sermon realize system to such a attempt newedcovetousness to claims enjoyed equal and lines be quoted: few from a which may

is Presito believe that reason there andthe stock, the order so must common same be realized among the Latterday Saints. "It dent Young in 1854 designed to estabIf the people had done their duty and conis not given that one man should possess lish the system in its entirety. It will secrated all their property to the Church of

that which is above another, wherefore the help us to understand this episode in the Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, they could world lieth in sin."(Doc. & Cov. 49:20.) history of the church if we attempt to not have gone away and lost their souls...

the Displeased Saints with consecrate to have in Jackson I want you your property in middle explain the it occurred why failing for if live toCounty to this not, according wish please you do about as you time. 'fifties rather other than at some

it. If equality, the oflaw will permitted Lord "I the say, to any going manit, if am

toGentiles turn I will substituted them out and to advise him consecrate the collapse of program the HPhe partial of in Jackapostatize,"all tithinglaw consecration ( the that has he syshe might the kept with be in 1833 * son was followed County totem) until Saints observed be they saved, could that if develop and so are tempted you futile to repossess attempts Zion bysufficient faith will to inaugurate and the by to go away, feel it best to stay you may the appeals to government.higher order. Meanwhile, this inferior is. a But where your treasure law of consecration is not observed, for its requiretithing system was revealed as a means

that all surplusment property of joinone "lesser law,"support of church as a and heels the the of gold rush apOn ing the Church be consecrated a tenth and the prepare of which observance would threat the another peared to cooperaof one's is thereafter income paid generally selfish for the imperfect people and systive that leaders church commonwealth isviolated. Nothing certain, more however, consecration stewardships of tem and striving disto establish. were The new that the willthan Saints deprived be of a

fulness of the glory of the Celestial kingwhen times would become propitious. turbing element came in the persons of

dom until they accept these great priniciples That times were not favorable during gentile merchants with alluring stocks in regard to property. the sojourn of the Saints in Missouri is of goods, for which the Saints were too

The attitudes of members of a well reguobvious and there was insufficient prone to part with their limited supplies lated family family toward property should stability to during period the Nauvoo their at staples of cash or to exchange observedbe all Church by toward members of the renewal warrant Jackson County prices. unfavorable Brigham and Young

title all"consecrated"property, of to which rate, experiment. was any no effort At selfsuffic- his associates a purposed hadin ideal will the in the system be Church. direction. that made in in ing the of the needs economy which as of theInasmuch Church members vary

greatly in the possession of knowledge and For two years after the martyrdom of Mormon people would be adequately ability to manage property, the property of the Prophet, Brigham Young and the supplied through their own efforts. The

the Church, under the law of consecration, apostles had to contend with dissension amounts paid for imported goods limited must be placed under the management of from within the church and bitter opby so much the growth of home industhose most competent. Thus the bishops are position from without that led to the tries. The wealth of the merchants was

theirto appoint family to every stewardexpulsion of the Saints from Illinois. No the measure of the impoverishment ofships all surpluses. and receive from them

Under this plan the curse of inequality of iTfte Seer. July. 1854 2May 18, 1855. Ms. in flies of the church historian.

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

have not the privilege to disturb the peace largely passed on in the missions and at nor endanger life or liberty.* home to those who assisted—by cash

his deor missionary and labor—the the verge Saints on were the of If any result Consecration pendents. would attacks the astray of led of being by

the reduce resources in of and a pooling their call consecrate to the apostates, acof missionary of support problem to challenge at a once property was of relative importance tivity to of one their for cure a selfexamination and objectives. church faith. of test It real doubts. a was&9

afar Saints the from was Gathering

Tn the above comments it has been a much heavier and a much more obPH.D. * suggested that the doctrine of the vious burden. While many emigrants

expenses, to able meet their own as were revived of property was u% consecration to join the anxious thousands there disinwere certain checkmating a means of PRESIDENT, little or in had Deseret Saints who dethreatened that tendencies tegrating

LD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE feat to major church objectives. On the nothing. To assist these the church

positive side it should be pointed out leaders organized the Perpetual Emithat the consecration of property promgrating Fund, intending that a large ised to hasten the realization of these initial capital should be gathered by objectives. With imaginations stirred donations and maintained by repaythe Saints. While this issue grew in by the contemplation of vast stretches ments from its beneficiaries. During the

magnitude as time went on and led to of unappropriated lands capable of susperiod we are discussing, the Fund was important counter moves by church taining an immense population and by in its earliest stages and the necessity of in leaders, already it was it constant a matter of building achievements up was material prodigious 1852 becomthe 8... of concern. ing a matter slowness disappointing concern. the The leaders drew of the first few years,

A third influence that may have had plans on a broad scale. Until 1861 the with which those indebted to the Fund

a bearing on the revival of the principle area of Utah was nearly three times repaid their obligations and the deparof consecration was the activity of that of the present state. To possess and ture of some for California, leaving the

apostates who by 185253 had become people this inland empire was a chalFund "holding the bag,"spoke loudly a source of annoyance to the Latterday lenge to the brain and brawn of every in favor of the system of consecration

Saints. They were denouncing Brigham man and woman and child in the church of all property. Just two months before

Young and other church leaders from whether already settled in the valleys the conference convened in which the the street corners as the Saints passed of the mountains or waiting eagerly tne principle of consecration was urged, a from the tabernacle services to their opportunity to migrate from the various list of 277 debtors to the Perpetual Emhomes and were excoriated in turn from centers of missionary activity where igrating Fund was published in The the pulpit. A prominent church official, they had heard the gospel and cast their Deseret News over an appeal for imfollowing an emphatic warning to the lot with the Saints. Four major phases mediate settlement. General consecraapostates by President Young, exof the work of empirebuilding required tion would place all material wealth and

pressed his own feelings in the followthe pooling of immense amounts of all labor time at the disposal of the auing words: labor and capital. These were proselytthorities of the church and would solve

collection and colonization, of debt immigration, ing, and the problem the both... for than Sooner peace. here came We Fund. Emigrating the enlarging improvements. of public of that making I of these.. to wrongs a repetition subjected.be considerations though had a bearing work, of missionary cost such That The rather and today out be march for one would

shot down.... People have the privilege it bore heavily in the first instance on on the decision to launch the movement

of apostatizing from this Church... but they the family of the traveling elder, was for consecration, though based on supPratt, P. *Parley Journal of Discourses Vol. I, p. position, is very plausible. of Ezra T. Benson, Journal of Dis- "See remarks ( Continued on page 1 85 27. 1853). (March 24849. 84 courses. VI, pp.

BRIGHAM

YOUNG'S FLOUR MILL ON THE OLD CITY CREEK CANYON STREAM WHERE THE LAFAYETTE SCHOOL NOW STANDS

Photograph courtesy of Emil Nyman

MARCH, 1944 aavcianMEET RADAR... 1Uard f

Bu RoLd W- J4uatt J RELEASED BY THE WAR DEPARTMENT AND W.P.B.

was a stormy night in 1939. Rain This applies parItand wind lashed over the Boston ticularly to the AleuAirport. It was no night for flying. tians campaign.

You couldn't see your hand ten inches Without; the aid of

from your face. But nevertheless a this magic ray to

young pilot named Jack Jaynes was gopoint out the way ing up. He was going to fly in this and disclose the lotreacherous night in the face of grave cation of hidden

warnings from veteran pilots. rocks and mountain Tm Jaynes did go up. He flew around peaks that menace

for a long time, his big plane invisible every movement of in the murk. Then he radioed the conplanes and ships

trol tower that he was coming in. Comalong this foging in! But where was he going to land? cursed island chain,

How? The landing field was blotted out the enemy might still be in complete Suddenly the radar indicator disclosed

in the storm. control. the presence of an unfriendly warship

Jaynes came down, making a "feather What is radar? It is an invisible some eight miles off. Quickly the big

bed"landing in the exact middle of the beam of energy that zips through space ship lifted its gun muzzles toward the runway! at the incredible speed of 1 86,000 miles sky and fired a salvo. It fell slightly

speed of light! short of the target. How did he do it? He simply kept a second—the

the three luminous dots aligned on the It works like this: An intermittent The second salvo, however, despite

the pitch darkness 16,000yard and is If hurled into space. of radar beamstrange device before him—and the range, landed squarely "button,"on the solid object the crosses its path, no the rest.plane did

That device was a radio locator. It beam shoots off into infinity. If the blowing it to pieces.

was the first time such an instrument beam strikes an enemy plane, warship, Incredible gunnery, that! Impossible

had ever been used on aircraft. or surfaced sub fifty or even five hunwithout the use of radar.

saved Radar destrucEngland from it its origmiles to dred rebounds away, locator that within magic was The tion on in night a memorable 1940, when light. inal reflects source, mirror as a It is newest, dramatwar's mostRadar. its the Luftwaffe aerial hurled greatest Electronic devices instantly measure inic, the device. unerring Stowed most blitz against British. the its object, distance the the of enemy fightalliedplexiglass nations of noses There established ring been a; ( of had if ) altitude speed, Allied plane a guns planes,ing conwarships board and on radar detectors the English around rest. the do is vessels, the "eyes"radar andvoy coast, invisible threw which wall up an fact, information In the radar which pilots ship of"ears"commanders. and protection. of is silhouette supplies almost gunners a

fighting heroic pilots R.A.F. The it hits. the object pattern of They know is single the most powerfulDadar tense, ready, the even when firing just bewaited, they at, although are what this in global war. winningr"V agency said, operator they "Here come!"it. to see ing unable it, military high according toWithout hurry. There no detector was The

and naval authorities, it is inconceivable To give an idea of the accuracy of showed that the flight of enemy planes that we should have entered this conthis mysterious ray, take this example: was still far inland over France,

flict. Without it, modern warfare in An American warship was cruising near Only when the enemy was almost upmany places would be virtually imposthe Solomon Islands on a night in 1942. on them did the comparatively small

sible. number of pilots go aloft to battle, and

eventually to crush the attack.

Radar permitted them to conserve energy, machines and fuel, thus giving them the winning edge over vastly greater numbers.

Radar could have saved Pearl Harbor....

On that unforgettable morning of

December 7, 1941, Joseph Lockard, a private in the Signal Corps, was tinkering with a radar detector. He was not

on active duty. Nobody was. The islands lay peaceful and quiet. War was

a long way off.

.:;: Suddenly Lockard picked up the unmistakable approach of a large flight

of planes slightly east and north of

Oahu. He couldn't believe it, thinking

the instrument was off its beam. He

Illustrated by John Henry Evans. Jr. made adjustments and tried again. Still

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the indicators showed the oncoming planes. to dashed Alarmed, Lockard the comTHESE MY PEOPLE inciofficer the reportedmanding and dent. shrugged. These The CO. asked to work were as iSu C*thel U. C'Oliu *r things! imagininggreen kids, always Crystal, at it was darn WHENmissionarieswe

Fifty minutes later, Pearl Harbor with a little misgiving on our the mission, of President Evans were battleruins. Several smoldering awas call. the were that part we accepted We misthe presidency, Arizona the stake of theships bay. to the gone bottom had only, missionary parttime work to do

visitors. other sionaries white and turned planes many ofScores were there post trading and a into as owned we hundred one around terrific were Navahail of bombs.wreckage by the in our There be spent had to of our time most

also. this service jos present Since many that ifMilitary experts agreed are now the people business with store doing

the Japanese had followed through, the we had been asked to preach the gospel others have been baptized.

whole Pacific area might now be in their It was our desire that these new memhands. their of a church have own to meet the bers to all invitation an gave to.We Some months prior to this, the British sacrament. the of partake in and several to the store We came Navajos who

had given officers on the islands operadays previous to the meeting. It amused had a building not in use, so the memtional experience in radar and a number them greatly when we told them we bers remodeled it for a church. Bishop

of instruments had been set up in were going to do missionary work. For Stolworthy of the Kirtland Ward gave

Hawaii. four years we had been "just the trader us some obsolete benches. Brother ColThis would imply that England used and his wife."Because they were curilyer purchased some paint and several

radar first. That is true, so far as its use ous, we had a house full at our first of the men and women came and

in actual warfare. However, their demeeting. They were very interested in painted the benches and walls. The

velopment of the ray hinges upon what we told them and expressed a Navajo is a natural builder, so in two earlier experimentation and research by desire to hear more, so we appointed weeks the church was ready to holdtwo American physicists—Dr. Albert a regular time each week to hold a meetings in. The first meeting held in

Hoyt Taylor and Leo C. Young, both meeting. their own church was a happy occathe inof were working (1922) whom each testimonies sion. borne by The the teacher school the saw When at Laboratory Radio ResearchNaval the spoke no ones even member, by who our to get into trying large crowds Maryland.Anacosta, of of the divinity of English, the Book she meetings, these attend to home tests, the revthen After they made inspiration. an were Mormon school the the us of use offered kindly

parallel that suggestionolutionary two accepted. gladly building, which welines warships, destroyers or at or for Crystal the credit work KyfucH religious holding were churches Other detectors, radio with would beequipped is family. This the Polacca -T due the at instructions Navajo each week ship of the of enemy passage efforts anaware the through baptized family was the help of the school. day With

lines. thebetween the missionaries. In of the Arizona to permission also gained teacher we later, eight Taylor Dr. years deepest Some snow and coldest weather I class this. with held a Friday Each do airthat an noted L. Hylandand A. drive Sister Polacca would Brother and children. of group a transmitline a crossingcraft between a at interpret our to store the to miles

ter and receiver which were operating I used the Children's Friend for mameetings. They could ably explain the

directionally gave an interference patterial. In this way the children were gospel to their fellow men and never

principles the gospel of and taught the presence.tern indicating the aircraft's to opportunity do so. Sister missed an

of sing songs the and to pray how to actually British development was the helped the make has Polacca women those and Zion. boys wish we How Sir A. of WatsonWatt, Robert fruit.work quilts can and

girls school attend church could when a experiphysicist, beganScotch who the people of majority In Crystal the they Crystal, leave they which when do the before years radarments on some Christian are have educated and had grade. fourth the have they reach Theywar. the hear to anxious teachings. are They is it impossible to to schools where go inbasically an American Although joined the gospel. have Those who interto the contact church keep and its in existence vention, radar owes constant encouragement need church is them. in to ested so These what new of to large Heinrich Hertz measure us, to said help. member and One "We fugirls will the educated be and boys 1 in Karlsruhe, 887 Germany, made who shepherd and like sheep without are a their leaders missionaries of ture and ultrahigh successful with experiments long for us guide missionaries a to need if gospel. the people taught signias frequency which were waves yet."time

ficant to radar as to radio.

efforts of the bless the spring, apwill began some when Tn The Lord out In 1906, Dr. came Lee De Forest A those willing to joy among for work plying baptism, our no anyone knew original tube. the Nine with vacuum of remnant are people, a they because Collyer In Brother bapJune, later, debounds. Irving Langmuir years Dr.

signed a tube similar to those used totized thirteen. Present on this occasion his chosen people.

day. The microphone, which translates

our speech into waves, and the receiver which retranslates these waves into audible radio programs, while vital to radio, are not essential to radar.

In the 1930's, ordinary radio was being used as a direction finder for ships at sea. The government set up radio

beacons along the United States coast.

A ship which had lost its location or direction could get its bearings by signalIts stations. ling shore or more two THE established position then by triwas CHURCH

angulation. BUILDING

AND SOME aviation for need a "true"HPhe altiMEMBERSOF THE factors of the major one * meter was in the rapid development of radar devices. Prior to 1939, altimeters were

tricky gadgets which often told tragic (Concluded on page 179) MARCH, 1944 &$m

TJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

By RICHARD L EVANS KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

Jhe KeSolue to Jhlnk Jhe (L>nd from the d5eaLnnina '"Phe New Year brings with it the annually recurring '"Phere comes to mind one of the pastimes of our childquestion, to resolve or not to resolve. No doubt some hood when we paused with other wideeyed children to

of us have quit making resolutions, and some of us are still watch the billposter, harbinger of circuses and traveling making and breaking them. Too often resolutions that shows, skilfully ply paste and brush, and somehow make the

wait for the New Year, and which are made dramatically parts of a readymade picture, piece by piece, slip precariouswith the ringing of the bells, play out undramatically and inly into place—thus to tell all passersby of things to come.

gloriously. Usually the resolutions that stay with us are The first piece may not have given much indication as to the

those we make quietly and earnestly to ourselves when we pattern of the whole, but perhaps the second or the third feel the strength and the need to do so—without waiting did. Fragmentarily, we began to see parts of the man on

for a great occasion. And so we are not calling for any the flying trapeze, or the giraffe, or the clown; or the hero

overt or declamatory resolutions, but we could, all of us, helplessly hanging from the cliff with the sinister villain use some quiet personal determination about many things about to cut the rope; or the outlaw about to wreck the

one of which could be the resolve in the year ahead to do fast mail—and we experienced much impatience when we

our own thinking—to cut through the maze of misinformawere past due at school or at home, waiting for the billtion and readymade opinion and look for the facts and the poster to get far enough along with his work so that the

reasons behind the facts. Too many of us live our lives by entire design would be apparent, even if we couldn't wait

default. We let events take their course and let circumfor the picture to be completed. We are not so much aware

stances make our decisions for us, and allow our minds to of late of the activities of these skilful plyers of paste and feed upon pat and palatable opinions that someone else has brush, perhaps because we take less time these days to be proffered. We become involved in routines and go through observant of some things that fascinated us in childhood.

motions which make us think we are going somewhere, but But there are other observable patterns continually taking we couldn't say exactly where. It reminds us of the story shape around us, which must not pass unnoticed. Some of

of our childhood, in which the Red Queen sagely observed: them we no doubt would like, and some of them we surely

"Now here, you see, it takes all the running you can do to would not like if we were to see the end from the beginkeep in the same place. If you want to get somewhere else, ning. Some of these projected pictures are personal in

you must run at least twice as fast as that."* And so it character and are designed to affect only an individual here

seems, in our preoccupation with fevered pursuits, and unand there; some encompass whole nations and peoples and

thinking acceptance of readymade ideas. If we could keep the course of world events. Constantly there are all manmen moving so fast they wouldn't have time to think, conner and combinations of planners and patternmakers deviscern for the larger problems of life and the sharpness of ing and scheming for one purpose or another, some to free

reality could be dulled—dulled by the effects of speed and men, some to enslave them; some who have sincere motives

exhaustion. But there are times when the pace inevitably and bad methods; some who have plausible methods and

slows down to admit of quiet thought fulness—and then questionable motives. There are misunderstood but honest

reality becomes acutely insistent. And so a good resolve humanitarians, and there are personable and attractive

would be the resolve to think—to think back to causes and scoundrels. There are villains about to wreck the fast mail,

to—thethinkresolvethroughnotto tothebeprobablecontenteffectsto feedof anyour givenmindscourseupon fiction,as thereandweresometimesin the daysthe heroof thedoesn'tmelodrama,arrive inbuttime.life Saidisn't

synthetic thoughts prepared for the consumption of the unthe Savior of mankind: "Now learn a parable of the fig

thinking. This year, like all others, will pass surprisingly tree; When his branch is yet tender and putteth forth

soon. It will hold both good things and disappointment leaves, ye know that summer is nigh: So likewise ye, when

and, as always, much that we have worried about, won't ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the happen. It will add one more year to the lives of all of us, doors."(Matthew 24:3233.) Intimations of things to

and will bring us one year nearer the ultimate purposes of come have a way of preceding the arrival of the events an allwise Providence. In the meantime, may we so live themselves. By the first postings on the board often we may

that there will be more careful thinking, fewer regrets, less know what the finished picture is intended to be—and these

fear of the unknown, and more faith in the future.—January 2, 1944. arefromtimes,a childhoodperhaps, whenexperience,men wouldand dolearnwelltoto appraisetake a lessonthe

intended picture before all the pieces are pasted down.

Through the Looking Glass by Lewis Carroll.—January 16, 1944.

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mdpOg m

such things as dress, in literature, and in art do we tend

J4e Went rwau orrowfml todoesmovethe recurrently,aggregate thinkingbut alsoofinthethought.world tendAnd tonotrepeatonly

through to'life go tends his in own itself, each but man went he saying, that heard young the man whenDut skepticism from again back doubt, and faith to phases from (Matpossessions."great for had he sorrowful; away intelligent in faith an implicit an childhood, belief. In to his and man young the of problem 19:22.) Thethew approachreality and in the and universe the of direction young of likewise with is life us—and always inchoices comesa then condition. likely And is the ability of God young young men of our own today—richwomen. Many being "a as described truly tritely but little in rich country, of heritage learning—so the in all ofmen, them—rich here acquired knowledge of smattering thing"—a dangerous happiness for prospects in friends in and richopportunity, whole, the to unrelated fact, which, of there, fragment a and to clinging between decide to millions, had the by—have, times, such faith. of At pattern the discredit to seem would or convenience, personal and comfort accustomedtheir that universe all the in thing only the that it seem would it isn't only But cause. a of defense in themselvesoffering from taken life been has to purpose and meaning give the us. In before decisions brings such that of time wara place the taken have to supposed was that which couldus—and such many come and woman man young every of answer. The satisfying and no comfort gives no of God, of than lives of some in the critical morelifetimechoices—choices this process. of something through itself gone has world than of us lives most of in critical the more reality inothers—and the belief faith and times when been have There Israel of children the of read time. the at realize Wewe There unquestioned. virtually of were omnipotence God and of fleshpots the slavery and between choose to hadwho unfashionit been has in which generations also been have of for sake the wilderness the through struggle orEgypt disthings which men are few there believe—and to able influenced greatly been have heritage. their Manyredeeming scholar fashion. who of being out as A quite like much so to yielded have "fleshpots."Some the choices theirin by keeps he unless martyr, a is to likely become fashion is of out situation comfortable relatively in a continuing ofthe danger fashion of is out scientist himself. who to thoughts his A course of sacrifice a effort and the undertaking thanrather his own keeps unless he ostracized, become to likely is ultimately an service and greater fit for them wouldwhich atmosphere in believe, an to dares student counsel. who A question the with faced been have reward.greater Many for small in ways many to likely is to have pay unbelief, of objective worthwhile for a easy money sacrificingof through much gone have thought. of independence his We in order principle of yielding a the involving decisionswith is it becoming again that it seem would this, and of now seemingly for a allegiance switching or position; a to keep is conaverage the man far as believe. So to popular more for an conviction a overboard throwing or plum; desirable it. with to do something had has the war perhaps cerned, submiscomfortable preferred have situation. Many easy that realizing help, of source their only to turning are Men lives in the arise contest. There honorable than rather sion minds great this, the than But source. more it is only the forego to not or whether of also questions people young of scientific their from emerged have science, who men of of a satisfaction enduring the for pleasures certain unsound that declaring, are so and to know, coming are adolescence, with part company to not or life; whether of sound way all the acquired, beyond have all knowledge we the beyond convictions; personal maintaining of sake the for the crowd do, to learned all have we beyond discovered, have laws we future for popularity immediate to hazard an not or whether intellects, greatest the of penetration the see, beyond and young and man young selfrespect. Every strength and still lies that science, of probings deepest the beyond and inevitably will there life that in early should know woman real and of very in terms a only explained be can which basically of them to decisions be such many come made—all grateful be well God. may omnipotent and personal We face should not or we whether as to question the involving of cycle the toward swings pendulum the that belief—that it, pay and postpone price, or the pay and reality now, 182) page on (Concluded

lost and nothing for much price the double later—perhaps face constantly that decisions as these It is such gained.

the youth of every generation. "But when the young man Copyright, 1944.

heard that saying, he went away sorrowful: for he had

great possessions."That course in life which sacrifices an

ultimate good for an immediate convenience is but the beginning of sorrow and regret.—January 23, 1944.

Lucle of vDeliet rHE cycle of fashion in human affairsT often been observed and commented upon. Succeeding generations come

back to old styles, modified, but strikingly similar. Not only in

MARCH, 1944 PIONEER DIARY OF

Part XIII Life in Salt Lake Valley—184748 (Ltlza f\. 3/-;now

Saturday, October 30. The young

people take a ride to Salt Lake. The

day very cold 6 windy—Br. Wicks, 6 Br. P[eirce] let us have a piece of either spiritually or temporally. The

Kimball, 6c arrive, having been sent beef. day fine. In the eve had an excellent

for again 6 compell'd to come. Br. 6 Sunday, November 7. We found the meeting at Br. J[ohn] Young's. Br.

Sis. Sessions] sent for me to come to ground cov[ered] with snow 3 inch [es Cornogg [was] confirm 'd.

their tent. Q[lara] 6 I went—had a first or more—had a delightful meetfing Wednesday, November 17. A part

rate visit 6 feasted on 2 roasted geese. of the little girls. Susan N. 6 Martha of the com [pany] for the southern exSunday, October 31. The weather receiv'd the gift of tongues. Sarah H. pedition start today1—the day is finecold—we have a meet[ing] in the aftimprov'd upon hers which she spoke the ground cover'd with snow.

[ernoon]. Pres[en]t: Sis. Sess[ions], in yes [terday] here for the first time Thursday, November 18. The reLeonfard], Lucina, Chase, Peirce, 6 after meet [ing] Sis. Chase blest C [lara] mainder of the com [pany] start today,

J[ohn] Young, also Susanna; Clara be- 6 me. Clara spoke in tongues 6 blessed making 17 or 18 in number.

ing mistress of the house, called on me us. Praise the Lord, O my soul! Sunday, November 21. Art [end]

to preside. We had a refreshing time. Monday, November 8. A meeting of meetfing] at Sis. Ws. D. Kingsbury

ing—theMonday,dustNovemberflying so1. thatVeryweblustercould thewas youngtruly aladiestime atof Ellen'sthe outpouringthis eve. ofIt there;Thursday,her babeNovember3 days old.25. Visited

not see the mountains in the forenoon the spirit of God. Sis. Love, with Sis. Holmes, Howd,

a salt rain which was succeeded by a Tuesday, November 9. Br. Pfeirce] Sessfions], Meeks, 6 Noble. After

snow storm. Sis. Sess[ions] sups with brought us a mince pie. suppfer] we all arose 6 blest her—had

us, many of the tents having blown Wednesday, November 10. Ellen, a good time. For some days past the

down 6 hers with the rest. She brought Mfargarett] Ellen, 6 A. Benson spent breth[ren] have been plowing and

me 6 skeins 6 a spool of thread 6 calico the afternoon with us—the weather is dragging with the ground cover'd with

to exchange for a piece of domestic more favorable. snow. This day they commence bapgingham. Saturday, November 13. Sis. M. 6 tizing.

Tuesday, November 2. Attended a Whitney came here last evejning], I Friday, November 26. In com [pany]

meeting of the mothers in Israel at Eltold Sis. Whitney it was her privilege with Br. Noble's fam[ily] Sis. Seslen's, after the close of which E[llen] to set the pattern in the order of our s [ions], 6c, I was baptiz'd by Br. Grant

spoke in the gift of tongues—it was a meetings, in honor of the household to who administer'd to perhaps 20. I feel

rich treat. Sis. Sessions] presided. which she belongs 6 this eve we enthis to be a great blessing from the Lord.

This mor[ning] the ground cover'd with joy'd a precious time in her habitation, In the eve attended meet [ing] at Sis.

snow. the influence of which I trust she will Whitney's. Sis. Rogers receiv'd the

—weThursday,had a Novembermeet [ing] 4.ofThethe dayyoungfine realizeMothfer]perhapsDilworth,forever.Chase, Sessions],Present: giftSunday,of tongues.November 28. Meet [ing]ladies in the eve[ning]. C[lara] call'd Leonard, Hamilton, 6c. This week I at Clara's—she presided.on me to preside—we had a glorious have been greatly blest with strength Monday, November 29. Sis. Chase,

time. Pres[ent]: Sis. Sess[ions], done all the cooking except one meal Sessions], Cflara] 6 I vis [it] Sis.

Holmes, Houd, Margarett Ellen, M. most of making 2 calico shirts for Por- P[eirce]. A meet [ing] in the eveEllen, Susan N., E. Hendricks. ter—did up a cap for Sis. Sessions] sevferal] brethren presfent]. Sis.

Saturday, November 6. Lawson tried 6 made six buttonholes for Sis. Peirce. Sfessions] presided in the forepart

before the H[igh] Council for shooting Sis. Chase sup'd with us last evefning]. when she was call'd away she confer'd

an ox 6 is to restore fourfold—this Sunday, November 14. This mor[n- the authority back on Sis. P[eirce] 6

week the Lord has blest me abundantly ing] Sis. Moore brought me some beef, she bestow'd it on me. The breth[ren]

with strength to labor. Besides most of which I thank the Lord for, also some spoke with much approbation.

the cooking, I have made 2 veils for Sis. sea biscuit. In the eve Sis. Riter sent Tuesday, November 30. Vis [it] ElMoore, 1 for Sis. Noble, done 1 cap for me a loaf of bread 6 a teacup of elderlen—feasted 6 blessed, 6c. in the eve.

Sis. J[ohn] Y[oung] 6 6 for Sis. Sesberry sauce. The Lord bless her an She presided over her meet [ing].

sions]. Sis. M. sent for me 2 quarts hundred fold which Sis. Sess[ions], JThe first mission was to California. On the 17tb

us, Lathrop. Eli sis. Brothers 1847, little with an of flour November. gave H. Peirce. stranger day ameal, who spent the 6 a

fifteen others horses with started and and Peacock said of I spoke, interpretation Sis. was P[eirce] what 2 quarts beans.sent me cuttingsv to California a mission for seeds and on mules

brought us her little bowl full of ginger our right to claim for all that we bestow and returned on the 10th of May following.

SO UTH FO RTS N O RTH FO RT

Fort, Great Salt Lake City, 1848.

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wednesday, December 1. The several breth[ren] pres[en]t—Sis. the babe of Sis. Y[oung]. I serv'd as

weather seems like spring. Sis. Wilkie, Wilkie presided. scribe. Br. [Jedediah M.] Grant pray'd

Ellen K[imball] spent the aft. with us. Saturday, December 18. Ellen 6 Sis. 6 dedicated the house to the Lord, 6c.

After supp[er], they blest us 6 were Wilkie with me in the forenoon—we In the eve, Edith had an organiz'd visit

truly filled with the spirit of God. all spent the aft and eve at Br. Peirce's. of the little girls at Clara's. Moth[er]

Thursday, December 2. Supp'd with Sunday, December 19. Attended a C[hase] presided.

Sis. Higbee, Sis. Sess[ions] with me. very interesting meet [ing] at Br. WhipSunday, December 26. P[arley] P.

A meetfing] in the eve, over which Sis. ple's. The Lord's supper was adminisPfratt] had an appointment to preach

H. presided, her hus[band] having ter'd. Fath[erj & Mothfer] Sess [ions] at Br. Riter's but in consequence of a

given her permission to do so in his supp'd with us. Fath[er] Cfhase] told private council on account of the inabsence to Eutaw [Utah] Lake where me he would open us some flour, when creasing of an insubordinate spirit 6 a

he, in com[pany] with others, has gone necessary. disposition to leave the place, he could

for fish. A young Sis. Allred rec[eive]d Monday, December 20. Vis[ited] not attend. The people met, but as none

the gift of tongues. Br. Luddington at Br. Smithson's with Clara. Sis. W. of the brethren were willing to carry on

present. Hunt, 6c. In the evefning] att [end] meeting, Br. Rfiter] told his wife she

Friday, December 3. Din'd with Sis. meetfing] at Bish[op] Higbee's—five might have a meetfing] for the sisters

Chase, meeting in the afternoon. breth[ren] present. she wish'd me to preside for her. We

Saturday, December 4. Din'd at Br. Tuesday, December 21. Vis [it] at had a good time, being honor'd with the

Meeks'with Sis. Sess[ions], Holmes, Br. Hunt's with Sis. Sess [ions], Wilkie, presence of many brethren. In the eveHowd, Love, 6o, had a glorious time Clara, Ellen 6 Casper. After sup [per] [ning] att [ended] where Pfarley P.]

in blessing—3 rec[eive]d the gift of

tongues after which Sis. Sessions] 6

I supp'd with Sis. Scofield. She call'd

a meetfing] in the eve 6 presided.

Sunday, December 5. Attended public meet [ing loutdoors—the day fine.

Tuesday, December 7. Vis[ited] at

Maj. Russel's with Sis. Chase 6 Sessions], having spent yesterday at Father Sess [ions']. Snow'd yes[terday], CLARAWITHD.WHOMYOUNG,

stormy today. ELIZA R. SNOW

Friday, December 10. Visfited] at LIVEDTIME AFTERFOR A

THEBr. Stratton's

VALLEY a very sociablehad withtime—theM. Sessions]day very ENTERINGblustering—stayed with Sis. W.—heard

that the bill for removing the poor had pass'd in British Parliament.

Sunday, December 12. Yest[erdayl

so blust'ring that I spent the day with

Sis. W. This morfning] breakfasted

with Fath[er] Sess [ions], rather riley times. She 6 I call'd on Sis. Green

hear many reports calculated to discourage the sis [ters] in their efforts for improvement, but all things will tend to the instruction of those that will be profited 6 hold fast to the principles of righteousness. Att [ended] eve[ning]

meetfing] at J[ohn] Young's. Br. Grant

presided.

December Monday, a meetfing] Pfratt] the we presided—was much edified by bless'd—had Br. aft at Jjohn] 6 eve 13.Young's—heSpent him. in the Hunt presided. all aroseeve—Sis.6 's [Miles to Goodyear having gone

fit] 22. Vis December Monday, December Wednesday, later post, trading Ogden] Goodyear

at SesWilkie, Fameetfing] with Sis. Sis. Brown's fine but at business. weather The on Willis'—present,27.orderAttendedof Ellen, our Ostrander, Clara, 6c. thfer] J[ohn] sions], Br.Smith—the night. at freezes hard

Tuesday, December 14. The LamanSis. B frown] presided over her meetmeetings was laid before him, Go He

present. gave us in the eve. good Brethfren] instruction—said ite live with to us. She was fing] girl comes

1 attend with 23, Thursday, At Br. would December us again—bless'd us,he last purchas'd Sunday.

6c. Sis. Peirce, SesRiter's dinner to with

[it] 15. Vis December Wednesday, 28. dinVis[ited] 6c. Tuesday, After December Hunter, Chase, sfions],

Sis. [ions], Green, Holmes, Sess with Br. Sis. at with of SesGates mistress bless'd ner the J[acob] arose we 6 inan Br. Hickenlooper's, had 6c. At Pratt, P. Chase, feast. Pfarley] guests sions], her the over presided She in teresting meetfing] time—attended Br. others. L[evi] P[ratt] the time Hancock a good had 6 afternoon—we near Br. the at schoolhouse eve edified the subject us the of with veloc- "orour meetfings] Gates nam'd in—Sis. Sis. of girl [Elvira] young theGreen's—a ity surof the bodies, of parties."motion to the ganized In eve when went

this being morfning], died Stewart's refin'd element, 6c. Br. rounded a Parley P. to hear Brown's by fames] J

first in the died sicken'd that has the 6 Pratt. did not [Chas. Gen. come. He 29. dinner Wednesday, December A valley.

preach'd. Rich C] Sis. at after Crisman's, arose which we 16. from Thursday, December Went

[ing] in [ning] the eve meet 25. [ended] Saturday, Att December 6 bless'd. A [ions'] Br. her to with Sess Fath[er]

sev[eral] present. brethfren] party at Br. Lforenzo] Noble's where we spent the day agreeChristmas Thursday, 30. Vis fit] December Father Young's. Presfen]t Jfohn] ably.

Forsgreen, set table wife, a supper Smith Fathfer] Mary who Jfohn] 6 Sis. Young 17. Br. Friday, December 6 that did to her honor Peirce Kimball. wife, Br. mother [Robert] 6 wife, 6 meetwith supp'd Noble us—attended Br. a After [Jedediah M.] Grant. 31. Friday, Dinner party December in at the Brown's Capt. eve fing]

freely splendid dinner at which 6 we at Sis. Howd's. The sis [ters] bless'd

native children bought Saints frequently latterday of things sociably partook of the good her and Sister Holmes. their hostile mutilation to or save them from death by

Indian captors, later liberating the children. the earth, Fathfer] [John] Smith bless'd (Continued on page 184)

MARCH, 1944 153

BEE HIVE IN WARTIME

have introduced a Bee Hive commando Bee Hive girls are very much in demand for each of the seven fields. They are to look after children. The Bee Hive

Ruth BeeReverent, Betty BeeBusy, girl flag bears these words, "The batHetty BeeHealthy, Lucy BeeLively, tle may be won on the home front."

Hally BeeHandy, Tilly BeeThrifty, With demonstrations and illustrations, and Rosy BeeReady. They are symshe teaches homemaking ways, such as

bols of constructive planning and orcooking, cleaning, canning, budgeting, ganizing and have kept girls active day management, and dietetics.

after day. They typify goals and acBetty is most concerned about the

complishments in the various Bee Hive calls she has for Bee Hive girls to tend fields. Emphasis has been not only on babies, for it is quite a task to get so

actually doing the work but also on fill—many helpers trained. For example, consider one of her bee keepers who gave

wWKR*rfc her girls such a comprehensive course in child care, fairy stories, and finger games, together with advice on doing the dishes and necessary housework

Dothesoldiers"youngliketeens"cookies?of BonnevilleMany of theywhilewerethey ofwerefar onmoreduty,valuethatthanshe theyfelt

Stake know the answer to that were prior to that time.

afternoonquestion, for every Saturday the symbolizes Hetty BeeHealthy girls in thefinds of group a Bee Hive is of vigorous Health. and Field She

rollingkitchen with and busy dough girl full of pep. Hive Every Bee who

pin, cookies, cookies, hard round and she part must to her knows wants do thesweet cookies of out oven by come fit to able say physically be and keep lastthe Since dozens. when November in keep- I hold Hetty, "Health with my

first tothe the taken dozen twenty were cherish."to ing, health to guard and

been cookies 2,500U.S.O., have over Girls in her company fill the following

stake. girls in this Hive Beemade by cells

into they are cool packed andWhen the girlsboxes, take and 1. Keep fit for all service through exthem down

leave them; the soldiers do the rest as ercise and general posture training.

they disappear with astonishing rapidity.

help need Does the Red Cross in W> Ofcfc4Juow\ bandages?making a litCould you use

tle help on your welfare project, or would the bishop appreciate a little temporary assistance with the dusting in ing cells and honor badges which equip the ward? Who tends most of the them to do their tasks most efficiently.

babies in your town when it is mothThe accomplishments and objectives ers'day at the Red Cross? All of these of our Bee Hive war service plan can

questions have an answer in the projects be shown in part through an interview and activities of the Bee Hive Girls. with each of the commandos.

The creed of their organization inRuth BeeReverent, a leader in the corporates these words: "Taste the Field of Religion says: "I feel that

Sweetness of Service."Surely, there above all Bee Hive girls should be spirhas never been more opportunity for itually prepared. I remember the sunthem to be useful than right now. With rise service we held last summer: A

surprising intelligence and ability, they swarm of girls sitting in a circle on the have slipped into the "girl power"situaground, the crisp fresh morning air, the tion and carried their full share of the smell of pines and wood smoke, the responsibilities of the war. Throughstars and stripes flying above them, as

it girl her expressed idea of what Uj&fcand in a each they are the engaged churchout

I to prepared. be spiritually meant As contribute of projects which scopewide

the repeat to M.I.A. them are listened recordsto the While war effort.

its in given as application theme and availfor this year, those completenot able indicate that Bee Hive girls have the beatitudes, I sensed that here were spent 228,000 hours in war service acgirls who could be relied on and of

I could make good use.tivities since September 1942. Many of whom

them wear a service pin and honor "I find in my group girls who try to badges indicating they have given at keep the Sabbath day, who participate least thirtysix hours of service to their enthusiastically in their M.I.A. procountry, church, neighborhood, and gram, who are fortified and strengthhome. ened through knowing they have paid

their tithing to the Lord. My task is

/onscious that girls 12, 13, and 14 to help build girlhood equal to the re- * have great need for recreational opsponsibilities that come to her."

portunities and ways in which they may Betty BeeBusy in the Field of Home be of service, bee keepers are constantis too occupied ever to be interviewed.

sisrequire- alert to these and older so meet many mothersly on the With Ti&WftJfo. working, times they neighborhood the In with keeping ters andments. women

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dw c?Ll J. fndier5en, chairman, bee hive committee, Y. W.M.I. A. GENERAL BOARD

2. Be useful in an emergency through vegetables, picking fruit, making egg

knowing how to care for sickness. crates, candling eggs and tending chil-

3. Know how to give first aid. dren. My girls also perform many home

4. If possible, take the Junior Red tasks which I feel is a real service in

Cross course in first aid and home nursthese days of actual shortages of ing. domestic help. This money we earn does

being double while saved because duty of service country to our it can be r ucy BeeLively lives in the outof-

L/ doors. Hers is the garden home invested in stamps and bonds. Besidesif

front—and between victory gardens, working as individuals I get my Bee

fruit picking, welfare farms, it promises Hive girls interested in swarm projects to be a busy season. For instance, one such as collecting fats, metals, and paper

of the girls in West Jordan Stake, her for the government."Our motto is

father and brother being in the service, 'Serve by Saving.'

drove a tractor for one hundred hours Rosy BeeReady symbolizes the Field and earned a war service pin. In St. of Public Service. "I am the commandJohns Stake the girls of Eager Ward ing officer of all the Fields and lead the sistance in the war effort and activities

harvested and threshed four hundred way on the home front wherever girls—and at the same time holds the interpounds of beans by hand. Lucy says: are needed in their country's service. I est of the teen age group. Right now,

"I feel in times such as these it is good encourage each ward and stake to everyone feels concerned about these for girls to be out working in the sunanalyze their own powers and possibilshine; to experience the joy of growing ities and to decide on a definite project

things, the satisfaction of crops at harfor rendering what they consider the vest time. While my girls work hard, most help their girls could give to the

nowhere are they more needed than out nation, to the church and the communion the farms."ty. I prize every letter telling of the

Hally BeeHandy can always find use widespread and numerous activities for girls with nimble fingers for she dithroughout the church. For example,

rects the Field of Arts and Crafts. the following are types of service renNearly always to be found with knitting dered: Bennion Ward girls cooperated

or sewing of some kind she leaves no with Relief Society members and colidle hours. It is with great pride she lected used clothing; two honor badges

displays the handwork of her pupils: were earned by girls in Cottonwood

dresses, children's clothing and the wellStake assisting to keep the chapel clean;

knit afghan squares and wash rags the majority of the Guardian Bee Hive which are made for the soldiers. To the girls in Ensign Stake gave two and a

men in uniform go also the writing half hours for twelve weeks taking a boards, games, books, and puzzles Junior nursing course under the direcwhich are made under the direction of tion of the Red Cross; the girls in Ogthe Red Cross. den collected needles for making sewing

Tilly BeeThrifty, who symbolizes the kits for soldiers; and Wells Stake made

cutout cartoons containing books is time fifty Business, says: "This a Field of material %fo$,AAau pictorial interesting and other his pento needs everyone watch when

nies, dimes, and dollars and see that for the enjoyment of the men in hosthey are put to the very best use. Our pitals."young girls, but more people could give

money has added value because of the Here then is a program that fills one practical encouragement and assistance asif they would analyze conditions in their ways in which it was earned—raising of the many needs of today—giving

( Continued on page 181)

BEE HIVE

GIRLS WATERLOO WARD, WELLS STAKE, DISPLAY THEIR WAR WORK

AtokA $-\Ua$ttftu

MARCH. 1944 155

Books

JOSEPHS CITY BEAUTIFUL deals with prose, and printing samples, the immediate purpose of this book to describe.

(Mabel Adelina Sanford. Herald Pubauthors proceed to indicate the manner in That is the body of the book; the message

lishing House, Independence, Mo. which the prose is faulty. With this kind of that now is the time to formulate the liberal

207 pages.) book at hand, writers should be able to reach education of the future is its spirit. Mark

absolute statement permitting an language gifted is Doren, writer and has for describing story poet, who a vehicle VanThis to clarify rather than they cloud what teacher, presents himself been a successful events persons and in "Old Nauvoo."

The story begins with converts to the faith write. M. C. J. here what really amounts to a philosophy of

education. order "There must be a naturalin Lancashire, follows England, and the forLIBERAL EDUCATION

of learning. not proper... The one maytunes to the immediateof these people days (Mark Van Doren. Henry Holt and Comly after the martyrdom of Joseph and Hypany, New York. 1943. 186 pages. $2.50.) be found till doomsday; but no educator is

hiswell Figuresrum. find try known trust to in Mormon true to his not does who the has threatens done, and war

in Whattory story, the including appear Douglas conviction the it."with writes Doren Van still to to do, liberal the of program is the Lincoln. written fromand book The

it education in the is the States United 166) page (Concluded on of thepoint Church. Reorganized of view

—/. A. W, THE REPUBLIC (Charles A. Beard. Viking Press, New

York. 1943. 365 pages. $3.00.)

Based on a series of conversations with fictitious characters, Professor Beard IN THE MISSIONS, AT HOME, analyzes the constitution of the United

States in the light of presentday and past the to thosehappenings. And who read inABROAD- help the cannotbook carefully, wonder

creasing that those who formed the constitutotion in such inspired indeed were word it cenLatter-day Saints Everywhere that the througha it has endured way turies. author, as the long recognized The inbuy through our mail order service! carefully, historians, ofdean American

spirationally, has undertaken to build in the minds of his readers a clear conception of what this republic stands for, and how in events, the constituthe light of succeeding inclusivetion has been than the HOW TO BE WELL $2.00 found more

founders themselves knew. By LEAH D. WIDTSOE

The Republic is a book that all AmeriHundreds of healthbuilding menus and recipes to help you live the cans will do well to read and consider careWord oi Wisdom.

fully.—m. a j.

$3.00AMEN, AMEN A VOICE FROM THE DUST

(S. A. Constantino, Jr. Harper & Brothers, By GENET BINGHAM DEE

New York. 1944. 184 pages. $2.00.) The Book of Mormon illustrated. A consistent "best seller."

thisTovigoratinghave a youthfulapproachensignto a studywrite of God inPRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH $2.50

in his relations to man and modern situaBy PRESTON NIBLEY tions is really refreshingly stimulating. AlThe only book of its kind. Upto-date, inspirational.

ways completely frank, the author never realize,offends his reader but he does make $2.00

force positive necesTHE RESTORED CHURCH impact, the the ofwith sity for keeping morally straight. And he By WILLIAM E. BERRETT

blames the present tragic condition of social New edition of this popular history is ready. Used in seminaries

diseases to the fact that young folk have and by M.I.A. Special Interest groups.

been reared without hearing the word of therefore inherently PIONEERS....$2.00 "haveGod, and no THE STORY OF THE MORMON

this...."reason shouldsacred do why they By MABEL S. HARMER

And later he says, "And sixty percent of the The great story written expressly and successfully for young people.

people of this nation—adults and kids

faith."profess no formal The author feels JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN PROPHET....$3.00 followthat if we'll Commandments the Ten

By EVANS JOHN HENRY shall long have a gone way towardswe its frank, this praise oi for courageous book applaud reNon-members world.storing the to goodness

it delight. enthusiasm with read and the Prophet. Members is the interest catch to written book The

will those bringof old and young—and

their religion felt thatshort have up A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN AMERICA..$1.75 was who

something for Sunday alone.—M. C. /. By FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM

THE READER OVER A powerful array of evidence in support of the Book of Mormon.

YOUR SHOULDER There are scores of others. Send for our price list. Tell us what you want,

(Robert Graves and Alan Hodge. and we'll get it, if it is in print.

Macmillan, New York. 1943.

446 pages. $3.00.)

This unusual book will prove invaluable to the English of or to the student one DESERET COMPANY BOOK authors to write. with begin wishes Thewho Temple Street, P. O. Box 958 44 East South

qualities the peculiar ofan acceptance of Salt Lake City 10, Utah present confusionEnglish to be and the found in English prose. They then give an Publishers and Distributors for the

historical various through the'.: approach

styles that and have been developed make a Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints plea for better writing. The final section

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dm Jadie M. Ljreenhalak VIGIL

time came to go, that would give her hard to know what to do, or say, at xAA.DA knew the small traveling some hope and faith that he would be times like this. As she looked at Ada

bag was still open on the bed. She knew steadfast while in the army, and return the smile she received in return

what was in every corner, though her to her the same clean, strong youth that strengthened her. They should know

eyes were now blurred with tears so was leaving. Now the last evening was each other's thoughts; after all, they

that she could no longer see. There was here. both had the same hope in their hearts.

such a little bit these soldier boys could Donald had not had room to take They could help each other through the take with them. all the books he would have liked to, lonely days ahead.

It had been different putting things the keepsakes, and remembrances that Nadine's head went up a little higher in Donald's case when he left. She had had always been a part of his life. and there was a bolder look in her eyes

smiled, and felt comforted, as she placed Vance's case seemed lacking in these as she reached in the envelope and his worn Bible with the other contents. things he had failed to cherish all his brought out a lone cigaret.

For two years he had used it in the mislife. Ada couldn't help looking puzzled.

sion field. He knew its contents and he Youth was so hard to understand these

loved it. She pictured him reading it at Jlerhaps the doorbell had days. Nadine laughed a little shy laugh.

camp, and finding strength in its mesrung twice, or three times before Ada "I guess it does look funny, but you sages, along with the comforting promfinally became aware of its tinkling. see, it will have a meaning for Vance.

ises they had read together from his Mechanically she made her way to the We were in the canyon together the patriarchal blessing. door and opened it. first time we really seemed to notice

Yes, she had put a Bible in with "Good evening, Mrs. Allen."It was each other. The two of us were sent to

Vance's things also, but it was a brand the lovely face of Nadine Brown that the creek for the cream that was coolnew one, only opened to the fly leaf looked up shyly at the older woman. ing, and while there he asked me for a

where she had written the few sentences "I had a few things I would like date. Then he took this from his pocketshe hoped would be read. Beyond that Vance to take with him—if you—think to put in his mouth. I'd been admiring

Ishe assurance all right. had no he would be would knew during the him afternoon. he When

totake time read at the his father with banquet be and smiled further—orthat Vance underwould it teeth. white he showed Someifstand, read. did he slip in thought might he while them you like I didn't the this how cigaret idea of

She had approached the subject of a was away."discoloring them, so I took it away and

blessing, and she couldn't help loving "Come in, dear, of course you may. told him it was a date if he threw this

this young reckless son of hers as he I was just checking over his things in the creek. He looked at it awhile

had smiled, tilted her chin up, and said: now."and then said: 'Better than that, I'll give

"Blessing? With you praying for me Ada had put her arm around the girl's it to you. Next time I want one I'll ask

three times a day? shoulders guiding and was her toward How many blessings to you to me.'give it back see, you So

think I need?"do you spoke. as she room, Vance's it's challenge to him. a I'm really not

True, she had prayed, it seemed a Nadine took three white envelopes worried though. We've discussed the

hundred times a day, hoping some from her purse. She looked up shyly at matter since and he admits it was only

avenue would open up, before Vance's the mother of this boy she loved. It was a manner of showing off and thinking

he was impressing someone."

Ada's heart filled with gratitude as she realized what she owed this young

John girl before her.

There was a fat envelope, all sealed, and on the outside the words: "When

you feel like giving up, read this."

"I hope I've said things in the right way to encourage him when he needs it,"was the explanation she made as she tucked it into his case.

XT ROM the last envelope she took a pressed rose. A little card attached to it read: "I'll be waiting to

hear the other chapter."

Her cheeks were flushed as she raised her head. "It's from the corsage he

brought me for the dance last week; It

was a lovely evening, after he told me there was a lot he'd like to tell me if there wasn't a war, and his country didn't need him; but as it was, the last

chapter would have to wait until he returned."There were tears in her eyes as she added. "I'll pray every day that he'll

return. I want him to tell me the rest/'

Ada's eyes were wet, too. Her arm

tightened around Nadine and she kissed her white forehead.

"We'll both pray,"she said, "and

God will hear our prayers. He always

does—and'answers before it is too

late."- MARCH, 1944,157 The Chwel srTF'rsrrnp'srrr'"-

Welfare Handbook Fourth, and Fifth wards, Vernon and the Stockton, wards, and Lake View instructions describing of handbook A branches. Mercur, Ophir and functions objectives, the scope, andf* directed reorganization by was Theof the been has welfare church program

Fielding of the Smith Elder Joseph free for theissued general committee by twelve. the of council

alldistribution to parworkers, welfare ticularly the ward and stake welfare British Mission Growth chairmen. President K. AnasAndre Acting of the suggestion at the Prepared

written conhas recently tasiou first %* styled thepresidency of church, and "Preliminary Edition of Revised Welcerning the British Mission:

experiwonderful had have many We it gives adequatefare and Handbook,"trials during well as as blessings and encesofficial treatment plan the welfare of after the mission in looking ELDRED the years war its all history, organization,in phases: in the Lonof church the headquarters WALDRONL. CASTLEMURPHYH. and

determining needs of the people, fidon.

nances and contributions, rendering asHawaiian Mission Change The Lord has been very merciful to us blessings rich almost providingsistance have and and employment we of Ogden, H. /astle Murphy not are handicapped on continually. by disprojects, storagethrough and Weenjoyed work the 21 appointed by * January was either the mission in sufficient help havingtribution cash of meeting commodities,

first to presidency the Hawaiian head Neverwork. missionary the to or do home agricultural of members,needs ward

to 75 increased Mission. L. succeeds 'Eldred branches have theless Walour Herehabilitation, public hospitalization, selfbeen has mission 1940. in Our presi68 from mission as dron, served has who injuries.aid, accidents Charts and and all four these selfsupporting sustaining and spring since 1942. the dent of

the seventyfive-page index completean will a that faith 1944 be have years and we dePresident Mrs. have and Murphy

ones.Booklet. the preceding than year greater to the fourteen years previously voted

,'the enjoy is today meetings we the our evidence of unIn all handbook The Islands. in the church Hawaiian They of American several hundreds of company inwelfare ofbelievable work, growth missionaries as together from served the headvisit and branches our boys who itself faciliwill in 1936,augurated and 1913. he to In 1909 1930 named meetwas spirit of our the share quarters and further thetate program's development

... president mission of the served he and ings.

detailed information the ready andby to until called In 1938 1936. he was

it at disposal welfare the putshelp of a Temple, the preside Hawaiian over workers. until 1941. position held he which

his will resume President Waldron PresidencySalt Lake Temple W. OCTAVE the as both of secretary duties former URSENBACH of L. and Ogden BurtonRobert missions and Japanese and Hawaiian

the to Appointed of Utah, Provo, Knight Will Jesse Stake. the clerk Mission of Canadian Oahu

first presithe appointed been byhave dency as first and second counselors in Grantsville Stake January(See"Era"presidency.the Temple They Salt Lake

Austin and Davidsucceed Mark A. f**"* rantsvilleuary 1 6 by Stakea divisionwasofcreatedthe TooeleJan- P. 30)

Broadbent, who have served since SepStake. Paul E. Wrathall, bishop of the

tember 1940. President Stephen L. Grantsville First Ward, was sustained

Chipman of the Salt Lake Temple, who as president, with James R. Williams

was appointed in April 1937, remains. and George Noal Anderson as counNational Speech Honors selors.All members of the presidency of the New Orleans Branch

Cignal honor recently was accorded Tooele Stake were resustained. rFHE New Orleans branch of the Joseph F. Smith, patriarch to the The new Grantsville Stake includes * church recently celebrated its one

church and former head of the departthe Grantsville First and Second wards, hundredth anniversary with appropriate ment of speech at the University of Batesville (Erda), Lake Point, Clover, services.

Utah, in his election in New York as St. John wards, and the Wendover The branch began to function in 1844,

first vice president of the National AsBranch. shortly after church leaders made the

sociation of Teachers of Speech. It is Wards remaining in the Tooele Stake city a port of entry for emigrating

the second time that he has held this are the Tooele First, Second, Third, saints. The branch functioned for elevposition—so far as is known, the only en years, being disbanded in 1855. It

BARBARA BRANCH SANTA in 1920. reorganized twice elected. to be Now, through one

Latterday groups on the was Saint many it has 1 members, a nucleus 74 constitutional amendment, Today a recent accommodations. chapel outgrowing the coastOne rapidlyof the

H. Myron becomes automatically president vice

are branch the Peck, Frankpresidency.—SubmittedDone, and Albert 0.byMitchellKlaus arefor thestationedmany L.in D.theS.area.service men who the following president association Kemp.

year.

Arizona Temple President Elder Harry L. Payne, former president of the St. Joseph Stake, has

been appointed president of the Arizona

Temple at Mesa, succeeding President

Charles V. Pugh.

President Payne, a lifelong church worker, has filled missions in the Southern States and Mexican missions. President Pugh has served at Mesa since

September 1940.

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Saints CATALINA Book of have distributed seventyfiveISLAND—Latterdaysets of the in Mormonmaritimeandtraining"Principleswith theof theU.S.Gospel"Merchantto serviceMarinemenon Catalinaand baptizedIslanda shipmate.meet every NewSundayfacesandappearconductand theirold antsown services."ship out"Tntyat

each new training period ends.—Reported by Reed W. Benson.

FROM ENGLAND—-British, Canadian, and American members of the church in the armed forces stationed in England are shown here in special conference held September

1943, at Ravenslea Chapel, in Southwest London. Commanding officers were generous in releasing their men for the twoday gathering. Among the 150 who attended were many

served previously had who missions in Great Britain and on the continent. Leading theme was the value of the church and its part in establishing peace.—Reported by Lt. J.

Jensen, Photo. Allen U.S. Army

Excommunications Derondo Verdell Farnsworth, born

November 17, 1905, a seventy. Excommunicated December 29, 1943, in Ogden

Twentysecond Ward, Weber Stake.

Larkin Harris Egbert, born March 8, 1906.

Excommunicated January 2, 1944, in First

Ward, Park Stake, at own request.

LeGrand Lindsley, born March 22, 1920, deacon. Excommunicated January 16, 1944,

First Ward, Park Stake.

Delvin Horace White, born February 29, 1891. Excommunicated January 14, 1944,

in Cambridge Branch, New England Mission.

Elsie Belle Gould White, born August 27, MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD JANUARY 20, 1944 1896. Excommunicated January 14, 1944,

at Cambridge Branch, New England Mis- (Salt FirstLake row,Mission left Hometo right:director),Thelma AmyTaylor,V. Stucki,Irene C.LauraBawden,M. VirginiaJenkins, Price,HannahBerniceSaunders.Bingham, Don B. Cotton,sion.

Black, Julia Sorensen, Emily Roberts, Lillian Roberts, Hiatt, Pauline C. Bliss Maurice G. Second row: Alberta born March Ruth Gray Forster,

Mathews, Saunders, Nephi P. Mathews. Malinda Wallentine, S. R. Alma W. Wallentine, 24, Davis 1921.13, August Excommunicated

McQueen, row: Elizabeth Dale, Delma Jepson, Theresa Farnsworth, Viola Burrows, Orson H. Joan Third Stake.1943, Denver at Barnum Ward,

Call. Allen, Elizabeth J. John A. 25, 1899, Allen, Perry, Sr., born June Frank

Gilbert, Charles Fourth row: Annie Nina, Hair, Donna B. Heywood, Sarah M. Chard, David W. Gilbert,priest. 24, 1943, August Excommunicated

Bailey, U. Baker, Gertrude Mavis Baker. S. Joseph E. Chard, Stake.at Ward, Denver Barnum

V. Peterson, H. S. row: Fifth Dorothy Winterton, Mrs. H. S. Winterton, Beth Soffe, Helen Pay, Henry 1925. 15, born August Frank Perry, Jr.,

Teuscher, Pyper, Glen Mehr. Harold Henry at Bar- T. Maw, 24, 1943,Excommunicated August

Sixth row: Elaine Richards, Oscar Bluth, Jr., Norma Jones, J. Noolander, Fred Yost, George A. Liinford, Stake. Denver Ward,num

Call. Luella Perry, born June 11, 1903. ExFrank

communicated August 24, 1943, at Barnum Seventh row: William E. Berrett (instructor), Wilford Cyrus Vawdrey, D. F. Parker, Leffel A. Bean, Mark

Ward, Denver Stake. Dunford Weston, Elden E. Eklund, Herman Black.

(Concluded on page 184) Eighth row: Norma Baldwin, Wilford W. Clark.

MARCH, 1944 159 ness to share in the fulness of the earth. Rather they

become discontented and unhappy because they feel Editorials they haven't sufficient money to buy external things to try to attain an inward peace.

The measure of content is within each person—to

Lonference f/otlce use or abuse. If each would seriously consider what

he prizes most, he would surely see that it is not 'T'he One Hundred Fourteenth Annual Conferthe things of monetary worth that he measures his con-

A ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattertent by; it is the measure of knowledge he has of life

day Saints will be held in Salt Lake City, on April itself. While there are those who rush from purchase

6 to 9, 1944. Details will be announced later as to purchase, vainly thinking that through ownership

to who may attend and where the meetings will they come to a point of peace, the thoughtful person be held. knows that such reasoning is fallacious. All would be

wise if they would accept the fact that nothing ever permanently belongs to anyone—except the philosophy

will carry with them v ufatter of (Ltnpk a5i6 whichnot onlytheythroughoutdevelop andthis whichlife buttheythrough the eternity that riTH each new step in the creation, the concluding lies ahead. In the homes, let the stress be rather on

verse runs, "And God saw that it was good."In the good things of life that are had for the development thewdesire to know the logic of preparation of the earth of the seeing eye, the understanding heart. Let rememfor man's occupancy and dominion, too frequently brance turn to the Savior of mankind who, though he

everything except the goodness of the separate creations had "not where to lay his head,"brought hope and comhas been stressed. In the hurry of the modern world, fort to all who would listen to his message of the

man is prone to forget that he was given leadership brotherhood of man and the fatherhood of God.

over the earth—and not the world given power over—M. C. /.

him. In a peculiar way, man has come to let the earth

rule him, instead of his ruling the earth.

How many times does a person hear himself say, "I LJn iOelnaf *djetlermvnea, icjuletm can't afford it"? How frequently do parents close dis- a JUIost men,"said Thoreau, "lead lives of quiet descussion with their children by saying, "We simply can't LVA peration."It is less sensational, but let us hope

afford that"? Instead of controlling situations, persons more true, to say that "Most men lead lives of quiet

have the tendency to let themselves be managed by exdetermination."Were it not so, we should be standing

ternal forces. forever among the ruins of our own and the world's

These folk would do well to consider how many lost causes instead of on the threshold of an eternal truly magnificent things in the world do not cost money hope.

—that, in fact, the most precious things they have are Quiet determination characterized the ministry of

not purchasable. One of the main reasons for joy lies Jesus: daily he went about his Father's business, though in the earth itself—for it is good. Sunsets, sunrises, painfully aware how little even those closest to him

country lanes, rivers, lakes, mountains, all these are free understood what that business was. The Lincoln of the

merely for the looking. One doesn't need a car to get war years was able to hold the Union together because

to the mountains to be able to appreciate their chalthe Lincoln of early obscurity had resolved to study lenge. One doesn't need to go to the lake for a swim and prepare himself for the chance that would some

to know its restfulness. Oftentimes the tree in the garday come. Joseph Smith, his world in turmoil, but at

den can give the courage that one needs to face some peace with himself, moved steadily toward his Zion, of life's vicissitudes. striving almost beyond his strength to make plain to

Yet, for the lack of a little imagination, children are the understanding of his people the visions that unfolded robbed of these beneficences, because it seems so much before him.

easier at the time to say, "We can't afford it,"than to These men, and others like them, did not need to pace point out ways of enjoyment that are free and of vaster the corridors of their minds in fretful circles or look worth than many of the things that may be purchased out between the bars of too narrow souls as from a with money. prison. They did not consume themselves in fevered

Building of lasting friendships, based on a community burnings that shed no light and leave only ashes. They

of interests heightened by intelligent conversations and knew disappointment and they knew defeat; but, having

deep, spiritual searchings is one of the real experiences faith, they did not know frustration. It is altogether of life—and yet the question of monetary values does possible to be at peace within, though the world be in

not enter into this association. Some of the most satisflames around us; and it is altogether possible to be

fying moments have been when, walking under the blue troubled, though the world be at peace. The gospel

sky or sitting quietly at home, one has discussed with a has nothing to do with quiet desperation; it has everycongenial person such ultimates as life and death, life thing to do with quiet determination. To be determined

after death, the purpose of earthlife, and the Creator's is to have faith; to be quietly determined is to accometernal plan. Here, no thought of financial assets or pany faith with humility. "See thou say nothing to any

it is disabilities consideration. into enters the Rather must be faith under control, a selfassurance man"—it

ability to dig to fundamentals to deep and a to come that is selfeffacing.

more complete understanding of man's ways and God's The work of the church, as of the world, can best ways that is uppermost. be done by people quietly determined that it shall be

The choir sings exquisitely, "The earth is the Lord's done and that they shall have part in it. We are thankand the fulness thereof,"and the auditors do not stop ful that there are such people-—and in great number.

to realize that they are permitted by the Creator's good-—W.M.

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA answer determines the value of the law as a constant in life. Indeed, there is no other way to the freedom of Evidences and society. Every law must be planned for the benefit

of all.

The innumerable human laws are not the same in reconciliations all countries, nor do they remain the same in any country. That is, they do not conform to simple truth. They

IxxuL lA/kat id the rlfeaning or differis littleandconstancychange accordingabout them.to supposedThey are needs.too oftenTherethe

product of the desires of persons who have achieved <=JJivine cJLaw / power in the land. A dictator fashions laws to keep

himself in power, though, to some degree, they also '"Phere arc at least three classes of law: those of nabenefit the populace. Selfishness determines such ento the is opposed

welfare. * ture, of man, and of God—natural, human, and actments.truth embodiedThat intypethe ofdoctrineselfseekingof human divine.

all for benefit the of concerned, laws manmade Were field chiefly In of the natural in the phenomena, main they to certainty be natural would comparable law terial experidiscovers observation world, and by man is of operation. attained, constancy at least and This certain regularities. invariable are mentation These

part, in the constitutions contrivance of of or codes by all nature, of creation laws under moves. which That

law. state instruments the These or common embody is light glass passing white prism through always a

all in principles to be observed laws them. under enacted violet into colors of red, broken from band to a becomes

all constant bodies such reference of enactments By may is nature. attraction there a of mutual a law That among

tested. Unfortunately, neither constitutions be the nor all is material particles in the law. universe such another

derived from principle true to the are always them there qualilaws of parental is an orderly That appearance all. for of welfare in inhere and uncertainty Change ties in the offspring within the animal plant worlds and

is still another law. In short, a natural law is a descriplaws of man.

tion of the invariable relations among natural phenomNevertheless, a person living under a constitutional ena. government, despite the imperfections of legal enactWhenever any field of nature is investigated, such ments, is required by the Lord to obey the laws of the

regularities are discovered. Laws of nature are thereland. Thus:

fore the products of a search for truth. Indeed, the disLet no man break the laws of the land, for he that keepeth

covery of truth carries with it the recognition of the the laws of God hath no need to break the laws of the land.

orderly sequence of phenomena that we call natural (D. & C. 58:21.)

law. Truth and law always travel together. Truth is

the foundation of natural law. The laws of God include all laws founded in truth,

natural whether proposed or man. be by They may It is the settled intelligent conviction people of now

origin as of recognized divine eternal changeless, a by is that the universe of order, exists one and under a operate benefit used for the be mark. They or may and reign of This law. to revealed conforms knowledge: wellbeing of man. "Men are that they might have joy."

And again, verily I say unto you, he hath given a law (II Nephi 2:25.) There is no deviation from this purunto all things, by which they move in their times and their pose in divine law.

their seasons; courses are of the fixed, even the courses And

earth, the all Natural law really conforms to this eternal purpose. the comprehend which earth and heavens and

the planets. (D. & C. 88:4243.) By man's effort every law may be made to contribute

to human wellbeing. Witness the gifts to man through

No natural law can be abrogated or modified by man. the knowledge and use of surrounding forces—the steam

The ocean tide will not recede at the mandate of a king; engine, the electric dynamo, radio, and a thousand other

and the sun will continue to rise and set, irrespective of blessings to man. All may be used to help man work

human wills. Such certainty makes knowledge of the out his divine destiny. For this purpose these everlasting

law of first importance. The assurance of the continuity relationships of the forces of the universe have been

of natural law really gives courage and power to man. made operative in the world of men. Thus, the Maker

He knows that things will not change from the wellof the universe uses natural law to help accomplish his established order overnight. He knows further that any designs for the salvation of his children.

change is only produced by the operation of some law. Likewise, every law authorized by society that proHe can count on certain results from his actions. This vides for permanent human welfare is truly of God.

would be impossible in an intolerable universe of chaos. Personal liberty, the right of selfexpression, protection

The laws of men are very different. They are reguagainst evilminded persons, the privilege to live life

lations set up for the welfare of members of society, or joyfully, are drawn from divine law.

the state, or the leader of the state. They are intended In everyday language, we think of divine laws as

chiefly for the government of groups of many individcommandments operating in the spiritual domain. Such

uals of many minds. They deal, therefore, with human are the ten commandments, the beatitudes, and other

conduct. They declare what man may do and what he divine revelations of the past or present. They are laws

may not do. He may cross a city street against a green and required ordinances devised to assist the human race

but not a red light. He may claim police protection, but upon their eternal progressive journey and to bring them

must pay taxes. Protection against theft or murder, into close communion with God. They are the highest

sanitary regulations, assessment of taxes for the supand final statements of reference for testing the value of port of public institutions and the like are human laws existing or proposed regulations for human conduct.

law, truth. as natural law, in must founded be Human

I I the thy Lord God; this and give unto am you comall in error, Otherwise, with it enslaves common

shall no the Father unto man come but by men mandment—that dangerous. and the law, becomes under governHuman is or word, law, saith by which the me Lord. my (D. my &

itself people, of free concerns ment with conduct such C. 132:12.)

as will preserve peace and promote the welfare of people. Human welfare, call it human happiness, is then Such pronouncements have basic value. They become

the truth from which human laws should issue. Will a the foundations of all acceptable law. While they are

law benefit all who come under its operation? The called commandments, they (Concluded on page 191)

MARCH, 1944 161 Hoiiiig

>Jh 3&J&J&Jh<J3sw.

Rainyfor thedayschildren!can be Whenred lettertheydaystire of painting pictures and playing IKalnu <UJa"dress up,"and blowing soap bubbles, f ihere are some simple new indoor acFUN

tivities that will keep them busy and happy for hours. Not only do these acBy KATHERINE DISSINGER

tivities furnish entertainment, they provide opportunity for the boys and girls to exercise their initiative and intwo parts and make each a different moved and a sketch of the figure to be ventiveness in creating and in manipcolor. carved is drawn within the outline. It

ulating, which play a very important The children then don aprons, spread is well to select a simple figure of an part in every child's development. newspapers over the table, and find big animal or bird, such as an elephant, a

The children can do these things with smooth pieces of wrapping paper on chicken, or a duck. Then all the letterlittle or no adult assistance, or, better which to paint—the glazed surface of ing and the raised edge of the soap are

yet, they make it possible for mothers the paper bags in which clothes are reremoved from the cake by scraping with and children to have fun together. turned from the cleaners makes it esthe knife. The drawing is cut out, laid

outline child marked the dips then the soap, adaptable. and pecially on Each If are children the Painting. Finger the of the surface spreads lightly the mixture smooth into the and on a hand paint or water crayontired of making stick. the of orange pointed the entire surface with the paint over soap A at their let hands try pictures, them the near is big line scratched also straight merely make paper. They may to three Children painting. fromfinger will line this real picor below designs bottom. soap rhythmic sweeping The

it. children do like whotwelve Even a will all trees, at but make and houses, people, carved not be with tures are color and like to who andnot draw it will that figure for the form so simplest solid the to base reduced animals art creative possess to any notthought

stand. possible. In paint. finger like to ability usually

if were special he as knife though the better time no Holding have a They recomschools fact, progressive many the whittles find child will the potato, given. peeling a are instructions They children, these for painting fingermend outline, scratched through the fingers evenly to the soap that down moving create. it to as encourages them of line, the cake wigthrough directly cutting smooth a paint produces the

is painting rather busi- a Finger messy line, small amount very broken a cutting a fingers produces the and gling soap if of ness, are those mothone but you course, of of shavings, or time. palm the at These thumb with a rubbing and kitchen the don't ers having mind who dishwashing. effect. or for laundry solid are produces saved a the hand

bit, find will children the cluttered a up finger painting a pleasant piece of busy Soap Carving. Another pleasant way When the soap has been cut away,

work. for children to spend a rainy afternoon the rough edges of the figure are

To make the paint mix two tableis to carve a little figure from soap. Boys smoothed with the knife, and the eyes

spoons of cornstarch to a thick paste as well as girls enjoy soap sculpture. and other markings which give the

in cold water. Pour on two cups of Standard sized cakes of white soap piece life and character can be scratched

boiling water and boil, stirring the mixlike Ivory should be used. The only on with the orange stick or toothpick.

ture until clear and to the consistency tools needed are a paring knife with a The completed soap sculpture may of rather heavy laundry starch. When mediumsized, rather thin blade, an orbe painted with water colors and shelcool add coloring—dye,

is ancoloring may be used—andbluing,makeor cakethe pick,ange sticka toothpick,used in ormanicuring,a meat skewer.or a nutlackedClay withModeling.clear shellacClay modelingif desired.

colors deep as they tend to fade when First of all, the soap should be laid other satisfying handicraft. The equipdry. If the children want to use more on a piece of paper and the outline of ment is simple; moist clay is an extremethan one color, divide the mixture into the soap drawn on it. The soap is rely pleasant medium to work in, and the

creative possibilities are almost unlimited.

The children's first attempt should be a very simple piece such as a pin dish or a little animal—an elephant, a bird,

or a turtle.

The clay rock used to make lasting, useful articles can be bought from any store carrying school supplies and is quite inexpensive, usually about five or six cents a pound. A pound of clay

rock will make a pin dish or any of the small animals that children want to make.

The clay rocks are put in a bucket, a small amount of water is added, and the clay is soaked overnight until it can be mixed and kneaded with a flat stick.

The children then take up the clay in large handfuls and throw it several times against a cement block or flat rock. This is called wedging and is to

-Illustrated by remove the air bubbles so that the finJohn Henry Evans, ]r ished piece will not crack.

If the children are making a pin dish, 162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they make a round clay ball, lay it on a board or piece of heavy cardboard and flatten it with their thumbs, making a round, smooth base about 2J/J inches inch in diameter and onehalf "YOU'LL LOVE THE in hands should be dippedthick. The

to frequentlywater keep the clay soft COUNTRYFRESH FLAVOR pliable as it is being worked.and

With an orange stick or meat skewer the children poke holes close together OF DURKEE'S TROCO MARGARINE!

around the edge of the base. Another

piece of clay is rolled between the hands CHURNED WITH FRESH Yes, the countryfresh flavor of Durkee's to make a thick round coil, "just like a PASTEURIZED Troco Margarine makes toast taste mighty little said,weiner,"one which boy is SKIM MILK good! Try Durkee's Troco Margarine on

in the the holes base. Thisfitted over

coil is easily blended with the base, ushot breads and potatoes, too! Your whole

ing the thumbs to push the pieces tofamily will love it!

?ether and the fingers to smooth the SO MILD...SO SWEET...SO COUNTRYFRESH IN FLAVOR

umps and shape the piece. Large

bumps may be scraped or shaved off with a paring knife but care must be taken not to work the clay too thin.,/

The finished piece is wrapped in a damp cloth and allowed to dry slowly.

The drying requires about a week, after which the piece is sandpapered and shellacked with clear shellac and painted with bright enamel when the shellac has dried.

To make the clay animals a round ball is rolled between the palms of the hands for the head; a large ball makes

the body. The two shapes are then

brought together by pressing clay from the end of the body well over the end of the head. It is essential to make the

two balls as one. The legs are pulled

out from the body and shaped, but the shapes must be kept rather bulky to avoid cracking. Characteristic markings are pressed into shape with the

thumb and fingers.

The animals may be placed upon a round or oblong clay base before drying. After they are dry, they may be

sandpapered, shellacked, and painted.

IOW COST Handy Hints Protection? rjxrcKn32Cccj3X!33anrc33r FDR

Payment for Handy Hints used will beone dollar upon publication. In the event SUGAR BEETS

that idea are two submitted, with the same with FARQUHAR will earlierthe receive postmarked one the dollar. of the ideas can None

will receivebut careful consideration. each be returned, IRON ACE "Iron Age"traction sprayer—

York, Pa a simplified machine capable of handling sugar beet protection as efficiently as many compli-

I have saved myself some painful burns cated and higher priced sprayby this simple method: When I fry fish, ers.bacon, or meat, I turn a colander upside Traction Sprayers

it is it frying. this while over Indown way

as underneath, plants from traction of Iron sprayers are being used coverage the Age complete Farquharthe the but escape can can't steam grease distribution even provide as well to above from extensively... only in districts important beet not sugar

spatter. G.D.C., Mrs. Ohio. Columbus, visible residue. excessive of without solution spray in other but potatoes, tomatoes, territories—for ready steel frame, and strong duty Heavy mechanism, beans, cantaloupes, etc. efficient as well Unusually

life with maintelong assures adjustment minimum the get of stainless copper bottoms To as economical, give they qualities essential all the pressures nance. capacity Tank 100steel kettles bright shiny, and them gal.—pump wash desired in as a sprayer, such thoroughness, modem lbs. to range from 100 300

little to saltwith vinegar has a speed, troublefree which easy handling been and ilsprayer "Iron Age"The FREE! catalog—fully operation. traction spray- "Iron Age"added. Portland, E., Mrs. Oregon. H. W. entire "Iron specifications for the lustrated—with ers are especially designed to spray to

for accessories line pressure high sprayer and Age"wm very the give of to the rows ends... crop, every detail of to incidental spraying the row call recipes for grated So good many

cheese, but it is not so easy to grate soft orchard or grove.

fingers. thecheese without scraping Next WMRGIIWC-**! MOUNTAIN STATESOgden, UtahIMPLEMENT CO.time try force this simple the cheese method:

through a wire strainer.—Mrs. M. D., St.

George, Utah.

cuticles soft lovely put keep your and To B. A. FARQUHAR COMPANY it. oil in heat castor dish and a smallsome 3408 STREET, YORK, PENNSYLVANIA DUKE

it. fingers in of ends a soak TakeThen

(Concluded on page 164) MARCH, 1944 163 {Concluded from page 163) small cloth or piece of cotton and push back cuticles from fingernails. It will also soften

skin around fingernails. Miss N. M Salt

Lake City, Utah.

Secure a large bath powder puff and an ordinary household cork. Glue the cork on.

the puff. Use as a puff to keep your bread

board floured. The cork will act as a convenient handle. You will not lose any of

the flour in this manner and your board will always be evenly floured.—Mrs. P. V. S.,

New York.

Screw a few hooks into the bar of a wooden clothes hanger and hang belts from the hooks. One hanger can carry about twenty

belts this way.—Mrs. G. H., Hinckley,

Utah.

Friends often ask for slips from my flowers. I hate to break my nicest plants, so I

fill a large box with good soil and when the children break a slip or when the plants

Thus NUT BREAD needbox. cutting back I put the slips in this

most of myI haveplantsnicelyall readyrooted slipswhen frommy friends ask for them. If an original plant is

Crunchy, flavorful nut meats in a delicious, tender bread - what a homedestroyed, I have one in the box to rebaked treat to serve to your family with tomorrow's dinner! And then place it. Mrs. R. H. K., Miami, Florida.

healthy boxes lunch with can proudly primp up the next day you will cheese. stay moist sand- A delicious whipped cream substitute is Bread A-l nutbread and cream of Nut wiches

and fresh - and is guaranteed to be a success. See the amazing uncondimade by mashing a mellow apple and addtional guarantee below. ing to the white of an egg whipped as for

meringue. Mrs. R. E Tempe, Arizona.

wellinto is dampened. Turn A-l BREAD NUT

Before you use those new sheet blankets, filling loaf pan, 9x5inch Glob* "A1 4 c. Enriched "Vi C. wgor greased

Flour 1 c. chopped nut meat* 34 full. Push batter well up into give them a good rinse in lukewarm water.

to vinegar of about two tablespoons leaving Add pan, the the of the corners c. milk Double Acting taps. 2 4

longer, will last blankets the water. Your in slightly hollowed. Bake salt center 2 tips, powder baking OR

lint. nearly so there much won't be and for F.) (350* shortentip*. Acting) oven moderate Single (6 4 Tb*p.

2 egg*, slightly beaten Ing, melted* about 1 V4 hours. Brush top with Mrs. M. S., Bountiful Utah.

if desired. butter, Remove melted

flour Sift measure; once, bakadd completely cool on pan; from

sift salt sugar; and ing powder, storing. This before rack cooling

twice. together meats; nut Add better slices second the bread on

eggs. well. milk and Combine mix Cook's Corner day.

shortingredients. to dry Add Add

ening, mixing only until all flour

Josephine B. Nichols

Ts your family getting its protein re- * quirement? Serve these proteinrich recipes.

Cream of Pea and Soya Soup

If or Hour. 2 can, 1 No. 2Yi cups cooked, peas Til"the of ich.,Inresults,you;"the slices onion to 4 with fled M"J*3* *e (inciting 13. fat tablespoons 2 Jredient '{ Angele*

Calif. Total amount w.u oe 21 tablespoonsteaspoon saltflour

dash of pepper *0*||, 4 cups milk x/l cup soya flour minutes, 10 then onion the peas and (tamp* not the use Why sieve. a sauce through a coarse Make for your you watte get ca*h

fat, flour, seasonings, cups and and /(AlJ LJ putof Boilthe extra fat* kitchen to buy 3J/J shortening for home baking? of milk. Mix the remaining Yl CUP ol milk

with the soya, then blend it in the sauce.

Add the sieved vegetables and serve hot.

SoyaCheese Souffle GLOBE FLOUR

ENRICHED WITH TWO 6-VITAMINS AND IRON 1 tablespoons fat 2 tablespoons flour Y2 cup evaporated milk Yi cup water grated cheese CuP A-l EVERYTHING grits YOU FOR or flour soya CUP BAKE Y2Y salt teaspoon dependable every % sure To be time—use separated eggs, 4 Especially Flour. Enriched Globe "Al"

milled for western baking conditions Globe Melt the fat, blend in the flour, then the "Al"insures your success. Complete satmilk. Save out Yi CUP i tne mk fr *ne

isfaction guaranteed or your money resoya flour. Stir and cook over low heat

funded. until sauce thickens. Add the cheese and

stir until it melts. Add the soya grits or soya

flour mixed with milk. Season. Beat the

egg yolks and egg whites well. Mix sauce Globe "Al"Flour with egg yolks, and fold in the stiffly beaten

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

whites. Pour into a greased dish and bake

in a very moderate oven (300*) for about BY one hour or until the mixture sets. Serve hot.

Mexican Chili TIME LOSS YOUR cut meat, pounds \ x/2 in cubes (beef and *** veal) or pork pork and WAR WORK HEALTH 12 tablespoons fat Supply yourself with the energy you need to 1 cup chopped celery carry on.... Correct foods will help you stay

1 cup rice on the job thus aiding the war effort.

onion, chopped cup y2 green pepper, chopped cup J/;

1 No. 2} can

salt teaspoon of tomatoes Join the "SWING"\ x/2

J4 teaspoon pepper water 1 cup beans to MAID-0-BARLEY kidney cups cooked2J/ easyto-prepare 'warm beverage ab- A nutritional 1 chili teaspoon powder solutely free of harmful drugs.

Brown meat in hot fat. Add celery, rice,

onion, green pepper, tomatoes, salt, pepper, Roasted and Packed By and water. Bring to boiling point, then covfor one hour.er and simmer Add kidney

chili and and cookbeans powder for 15 150WISDOMPacific Ave. FOODSSalt Lake City, Utah

minutes. Serve very hot. FOR SALE AT ALL GOOD GROCERS

Angel Food Apricot Whip If you are unable to purchase Maid-O-Barley at

With Chilled Custard Sauce your dealers we will mail you prepaid 3 egg whites or 1 pound4 poundspackagefor SI.00for 29c.

yk cup sugar Yi teaspoon lemon juice 1 cup apricot pulp 34 teaspoon salt Beat egg whites stiff. Add sugar and salt

gradually. Add lemon juice. Fold in apricot pulp. Bake in a moderate oven (325

F.) for 20 minutes or until firm. Serve with

custard sauce.

Custard Sauce

3 egg yolks spk. salt 3 tablespoons sugar milk cups\ x/2.. lemon flavoring OUR JOB IN THE WAR EFFORT teaspoon 34

Beat egg yolks slightly, add sugar, salt, boiler, in doubleand hot milk. Cook stirThe production of more eggs... more poultry... more turkeys

coats a spoon, until mixture constantlyring. for lendlease purabout 10 minutes. Remove from heat, add... than ever before—for our armed forces..

flavoring, and chill. poses... for civilian needs—that's our assignment.

And our more than six thousand members in Utah and Idaho

Old SingLively can be relied on to do their best.

{Concluded from page 136) ly, now! Sing lively!"before he started

the congregation on the next verse. Utah Poultry Producers'

When, just before I left, I called for Cooperative Association my final mail, I asked the postmaster what Old SingLively's real name was. "milk white"eggs and poultry... "norbest"turkeys

That worthy official massaged his chin thoughtfully for long moments, then shook his head.

"I don't recollect that I ever did at his right he admitted name,"know..last. "I recollect that don't he ever got AN APOLOGY we orriR

I A COMPLETE to mail, butany reckon if you want TO PATRONS OUR SERVICE ENGRAVING find SingLively'll any,send Old him Missionary Portraits to the Largest From order If your not been handled has better. as as any. Probablyhim Catalogues good

the with promptness which has Attention Mail Orders Prompt Given I SingLively came was when OldHe it in the service past, our call marked I'vehere, never and heard anyone is shortof because power CO. the man ENGRAVING UTAH

other paused name."him any by He highly requires age. business St. 113 Salt City, Our Regent Lake Utah

to smile. "And I reckon that name'll get specialized help and such we have

him past the heavenly gates, too. He'll been unable to secure recently.

only have to say that he's Old SingPlease help us by sending in your worth the telling as far in advance as posFor a story he'll orders thing firstLively, and know, you read sible. in in all his frontbe out there new glory,

his in reading hand,with book a hymn NET GDSPEL HILLAM'S SHOP IN THE COSTUME first verseout then the sweeping and John A. Widtsoe By Dr. Bldg. Constitution his choir as he with gazethe heavenly

exhorts "them to 'Sing lively, now! Sing Salt Lake City 1, Utah 51.25 Illustrated At all Bookdealers

lively!'MARCH, 1944 165 Book: {Concluded from page 156) FOR rf0dZ&& *r%w&iie0 that the mainspring of education is always moral. "There is no beaten track of instinct

Jitm i WITH ACCURACY downingAndhowwhichjustto run."whatthe childis liberalknows education?without teachTo

is the obtain to satisfactory a book at llwjk readanswer the time satisfying and a same experience, for the study is presented with clarity. great The expression IIP IS\ Wf? * memorable. the wisdom W. M.is beautiful,

CHILDCRAFT (The Quarrie Corporation, Chicago.

1942. 14 volumes. $47.00.)

'T'he volumes of Childcraft, wellbound

helpful library reference for children and B * and beautifully illustrated, comprise a parents, of the with eight books designed for children (preschool to 'teenage), and six prepared as tools for parental use. KnotJOHN DEERE Potato Planters ty questions are proposed and discussed in

WITH THE DISTINCTIVE 12ARM PICKER WHEEL cationthe latterandbydevelopment.leading expertsSpecialistsin child fromeduNot 6! Not 8! But 12! Any less is not enough... Any more is Teachers'and other College,leading institutionsColumbia University,treat such

too many... This year, get your poquestions as "Right and Wrong Forms of

tato crop planted quicker, yet enjoy Affection,""Work and Play for the PreChild,"Radio,""Children and "Sex planting the same uniform that was sizes School Onetwo-row and

Life,"Child's at formerly with a generous possible only. in the Young horse speeds tractor. horses and for

Built in onerow and tworow sizes, section on an "Age Scale of Mental Dethese modern John Deere potato velopment."A revealing "Parent's Rating

planters with the distinctive 12arm, Scale"suggests that parents test and rate stapletype picker wheel enable you themselves once each month. "There would

to plant and fertilize at tractor speeds be no problem children if there were no as fast as 4 miles per hour. New caproblem parents."

pacity: up to 15 acres The eight books for children start with

per day with tworow; poems and stories from Mother Goose,

up to 7 acres per day Aesop, Hans Christian Andersen, Robert with onerow. Louis Stevenson, and other favorites, with

If you need a new some new additions. The continuing volumes

Shakespeare, rich bits from Brownanything in present planter—or

ing, Longfellow, Christopher even Morley the line of potatogrow- ing—seeequipmentyour JohnforDeere1944 anddevotedthe tomoderns.NarrativeSeparatePoems andvolumesCreativeare

dealer first. Verse, Tales and Legends, Holidays and

Famous People, Experience Stories, and

illustrasets (with of instructions things do: BUY MORE BONDS * GET IN THE SCRAP Animalbracestions) ofFriends. One likeable feature emmusical to make and

instruments, gardens, cooking and sewing, games, parties, the care of pets. Science

and Industry, and Music and Art are in oversize books containing hundreds of pictures, with simple explanations of the world, its physical, cultural, and artistic resources.

The child reader can learn much about his expanding world here, and the entire family will discover uses for Childcraft.—E. W. D.

WINTER WHEAT (Mildred Walker. Harcourt, Brace & Co.,

New York. 1944. 306 pages. $2.50.)

Ellen Webb, daughter of a New England father and a Russian mother, loved the hard Montana winters which meant that in the spring the hardy wheat would grow, green and moving like the ocean. When

she went away to college, she met and loved

Gilbert Borden, who wished to marry her.

loneliness of the land he saw the lived, the stolidity of and TEA GARDEN whereBut whenshe life her, felt that too around he they were PRESERVES the their for the disto bridge far apart love tance. And Ellen, looking through his eyes,

... something to remember a meal by. An allfamilyfavorite. began to wonder if she, too, hadn't been

wrong in finding happiness in her closeness to the soil. But after accepting a teaching

in Prairie position she that Butte, she knew.. THEY WHEREVER GO right Gil been wrong. and had was That

Editors: Peru, Indiana in too, he, learned he been had wrong came

U.S.C when her. a picture sent he which there, lay. hereTheat ImprovementPeru, started toEra.pickYouup thecan Looknevermagazine Justmuchwalkedto imagine intomy thesurprise, how

happy and thrilled I was.... Hans L. Chamberlain A deeply satisfying novel is Winter

of Kanab So. Ward Wheat, a novel that has its roots set deeply

in the soil of the west.—M. C. J.

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

News From The Camps <- gtgggggggrigTggrggg<gfggggg<g.gra Australia I arrived home in Melbourne just at sunBorn

Dear George and Beulah: down and Hilda (wife) just completely

cried cried. broke and and down has She I will the address that see above you Utah in still is girl been and a wonderful wife and

It to Australia. returnedBy have home splendid of and has a rearing job done our

I joyful experience the ever can mostwas

I boys. two days'twentyone leave had—Nowrecall. sighted the before AustraHours we such to wonderful after days be so homelian ship's the decks coast were crowded by

I years away. the many cannot describe

first soldiers for thatreturning looking happiness of those with days ones. loved A ManSized my I shall that forget greatglimpse. never the pleasure I had of baptizing Eric (son)

allthrill dimly us over came which when there. while

first distance landthrough and saw we Industry!

I heading will north am and be Now cheer, did roar and andhome. we Howthe

helping soon to the out wipe so Japs. And across the cheering could coming hearyou

it I on. goes and on suppose heard you have v ships. ourthe distance separated which My!

I that received to promotion Lieut.-Colonel of years threeafter onehalf roaming and

about the battlefields, living like nothing on and was decorated with the Order of the earth, it was really good to be home again. British Empire. It does not feel any different You Can Be

an O.B.E. but it certainly lot a means I getting couldn't help a being land neared weAs Proucl of Utah's of responsibility added being the command- I throat. in almost think everylump my

officer ing of Australia's largest FastestGrowing single unit. I did, felt soldier the ashardbitten same

I fit keeping well very am and reand have the that realizedespecially as were we we HomeOwned all gained I the lost weight in the Libyan of return. to were ones Therelucky many

desert. Product fine forever. behind stayed boysour who

Please convey my very best wishes to for division was fatedIt seemed that my all I know. fighting conditions the toughdreadful and T WAS onI> 16 years ago that

right from the start. The long siege of Lt.-Col. Horace Henry Woodford Morning Milk's modern plant

Tobruk was just a beginner compared to the at Wellsville, Utah, began operaof Alamein. onehalffour and months We tion. loyalty Because of your to held the there them andstopped Germans Brethren: Dear

this product Utahowned soon you reformed. thewhile Eighth Then we Army habit of is faith promoting our TThe the

it industry. important an made the started battlestarted the there and * characteristic most thing about us—this its its for victoriousEighth on that discovered you Then Army way Morning desire to acquaint people with bewhat we Africa.battle For of capture and North finer- a flavor Milk had than any lieve I has, think led to sometimes rash division thirteen nightstwelve and days my measures other evaporated the milk Saints. marsome on by unwary Particran. until thefought broke they and Germans ularly I this have detected in of us many ket it today you've and made—if Allies the then, beaten and wereThey in the services. armed of the Young men the selling biggest evaporated off, milk Tunisia able to cut them only beenhad church, often their in fervor have even battles never the in subsequent have wouldand Intermountain West. "holier adopted a than attitude, thou"exworld. of fought, the in that part to behad to say you So we pressing for particular habits and follow to unableUnfortunately were we up beliefs of is sincerely think smugness a good—distasteothers—I left such reduced.as badly were we We word. I During present tour of duty my UT fine lot of fought anda chaps there—they have the acquaintance made of Chrismany soldiers before.died other ever as no tian all chaplains. expressed They have Our general—a veteran of Gallipoli and admiration for Mormon boys but fail toFrance—stated that the A.I.F. (Australian understand why they all refuse to attend

Imperial Forces) never fought so well. I and take part in the regular church service.

have never seen or realized anything could I said all of them refuse to take part, but I be so horrible. For weeks before the whole should have said, that a major faction of

thing started, we were taught to kill. The them are disinterested. I know from talking

doctrine was taught and preached: "We to many young men that they have actually

this for born wholehad been told of been to not attend other than day—the

reliedcivilization our Your OWN was upon is folly. our own. prefer This our killing—this servicesWe all

the the great turning of hadto be to but refuse the services offered in the own tide—weto exterminate the cancerous enemy—every absence of a Mormon assembly is, I think,

man was to kill, yes, even Padres who had very unwise. Aside from depriving ourto kill, too, on Sunday."At 9:40 p.m. on the selves of the good we might receive we are

night it started, everything was still and creating a definite distaste in the minds ofquiet, everybody was ready and tense. On some wellmeaning, hardworking chapMORNING MILK

the split second 800 guns opened fire and lain.

each man let out simultaneously a yell—it In the various camps here and abroad

—ithad started.now seemsWhata rottenfollowednightmare.is better Whenunsaid withoutthere areMormonthousandsservices,of youngand IL.D.S.think theymen

all was quiet, when the fighting had moved should be encouraged to attend and actively Vi/herever cJaey Co..

on, the whole area was just one of shambles assist the chaplain corps. Much good can

with thousands of dead soldiers lying everybe accomplished, I'm sure. Portland, Oregon

it I I I It intowhere. the area passed had where an home, had seems was when I illustrate better saying, what To am

I Post."didn't in the yes, I Erabeen possession, but The worst—"Thompson's my I relate stationed the following: might was

it. I've in blanthemselves of since take had advantageGermans wrapped Now, at Riley, chaplain Fort Kansas. head The

I justkets pulled their to realize jerseys to and over heads been have come away friend day, the one way, who, good by a was thistry the blast magazine, guns. stop of our church and and much They how my if of couldn't mine, arrange a asked we

of the to the me. concussion. ERA, blue withwere means Enough the refused meeting because boys Mormon

this. is It realize huto... hard soon how to like I the especially ward quite to him. hear over concerned was He

lives in turns savage. ourmanity Twice we for seems the lesson teachers'offered for opportunity us us a and ample month—itread

... this particular experience.had is of truth great there and such deal a held, feels meeting, but he which we we

are quite narrow. Wherever possible, we wisdom in such a few words, and well,

it's is ward a because Dad the maybe attend meetings. should should be We

really told but read it, teacher and me to earth. people There most openminded on

is nothing we fear to uncover. I do enjoy every bit of the ERA.

Sincerely, Idabelle Clark, <Af*j!m&!i*Pv>A Lt. Milton2nd C.Lt. Abrams,Cav. Student Nurse

MARCH, 1944 \67.

MelcMzedek Priesthood

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN

(pszA&tmaL UJ&IpWL REPORT OF PROGRESS

Be Men of Action TEMPLE PRIESTHOOD Manpower for Church Service from January issue PROJECT of the Eta offers church and 'T'he a vast programIn each inclusive, 1944, to February 1943, field for activity * a wide being utilized in of its mem- a Check the methods suggestion was made in this column your stake: bers. It gives opportunity for growth

upon which a project might have been 1. Priesthood quorums have and development and supplies ways and

developed by the personal welfare compledged themselves to do a means by which interest and faith can mittee. These suggestions have been specific number of names—( ) be created in the hearts of those who

made with the hope that specific ac- 2. Wards or stakes remote are willing to labor. The stake, the

tivities would be undertaken by the from temples are sending ward, the quorum, the auxiliary orpersonal welfare committee of each one or more worthy brethganization, the mission field, the temple quorum. ren to paying and a temple priesthood servforMelchizedek church provide motives

their while they expenses is for definite today for and work one is a field do—allice. Each The great need

action. If members of the Melchizedek the quota for their ward or activity.

priesthood quorums could be saved by stake ( ) "The harvest is great and the laborgeneralities, no doubt they would long 3. Stake and ward leaders are ers are few,"applies to those who are

since have obtained their exaltation. In going with the priesthood engaged in the program provided for

in to the temple members officers and quorum activity into bring salvation. man'stoo many instances, To personal at regattendance satisfied with are members to encourage them andcommittee quorum members ular intervals ( ) ought of what discussion duties are in this occasional participate program toan

to be done, without doing it. 4. Priesthood quorums have devolving upon the church service comthe temple sent askfunds to the quorums in today need great mittee. The

that proxies ing be secured action, of is for men the functions through the priesthood churchof The the their of share to do do and upon determine relies the quorums uponleaders priesthood and who ( ) in a work 1831, as early things. required to carlaborers As specific furnish the to

service committees the Prophet Joseph 5. Church It is through the Lord's work.revelation ry forward

of the are workquorums committee that this therefore, Lord said: urged, Smith, the in ing close cooperation

... it is not meet that I should command with ward and stake geneakeep in touch with all members through

in all things; for he that is compelled in all logical committees ( ) surveys, analysis, and investigations to

wise not a availability fitness slothful and their is and determine a the same things, the presidency, stake 6. The reward. no receiveth he wherefore service. for servant; prieststake Melchizedek

anxiously be church the should dislocation among I say, The men Verily the and committee hood many do and cause, its dethe good and in to a war due membership engaged commitgenealogical stake to bring will, and free their inown of calls for things people the to upon mands a month tee meet once righteousness; much pass details deof ( type out ) activity a high work and creased they wherein them, is in power the For the of commeetings votion. Regular 7. service committee Church inasmuch And themselves. unto agents are the to reports periodical mittee and visiting lose quoare members nowise in shall they good do as men get to will do much presidency their at quorum homes ( rum members ) reward. their

until he results. desired the anything not doeth he that is But 8. member Each quorum command- a receiveth and is commanded, for the enresponsible made

it keepeth heart, and doubtful with males.. ment of ( ) so many dowment (D. is damned. Soojcd&TlUdXjdlcuvwjuA, the same slothfulness, with

letter 9. the from of copy A 58:2629.) C. & sent first presidency the Old Ideas Finds in New

each person holding the in presented topics the of review priesthood Melchizedek ( A ) *"* QndJtmdwfL QIoaa. year past the during this column priesthood 10. Melchizedek The things of of number will us a remind all with meets committee Subjects Controversial Avoid with good again use to put that be may committees service church members among tendency is a that true is adage It effect. old and an to plans be formulatesThere and questions bring up to church the of.—( taught so in to ) operation much put be not need do we controverhighly of a are that classes in the In reviewing reminded. as to be facil- 1 1 transportation Where leads to this sometimes and nature, sial sothe of suggestions year's members regular ities available are accomplish that discussions heated might committee miscellaneous cial and priesthood excurstake and

It illwill. foster sometimes and arranged.... nothing they ideas sions ) being are ( themselves many ask how

leadclass in mind by all will kept be tried, should ideas they actually and what of others and High priests the 12. of works standard four the: the through anfollow to ers that resolve now to going are years advanced

church are the basis of our theology, temples to remain there for nual social, acquisition and use of quoand when we go beyond these we are some months doing temple rum funds, welfare gardens, the social in the realm of speculation and personal work—- ( ) value of projects, sociability hints for

interpretation. This fact should be kept What other devices are being carrecreation, setting the date, the square

in mind in all of our class work. In ried out in your stake? dance, a comprehensive program, creathe monthly leadership meeting the tive forces, recreation in the home, and

chairman of the class instruction comrecreation literature. All these suggesmittee of the stake may very wisely and be placed on the fact that there is a tions have received attention in this

profitably offer a word of caution on difference between definitely revealed column since January 1943. Put them

this point and recommend that emphasis truths and opinions and theories. to work!

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Concerning Priesthood Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, May, 1944

Attendance At Quarterly Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

Conference Writings and Discourses o/ John Taylor

the of brethren has Attention **'to the fact that the LESSON 17 LESSON 19 been called authorities in many of the stakes The Nature and Mind of Man Free Will are confused in relation to the Text: pp. 5358. Topics: The Origin of Text: pp. 5961. Topics: An Eternal

of Principle. in Points Coercion Embryo. Some God No Man. A at the matter of attendance Eternal of as an Society. in Freedom The priestView. Man Men Faith. Ain Man'sthe GospelFaithPlan.Can quarterly of the hood sessions Destiny. Be Controlled. Man, Being. Purpose Not and Man's

conferences in the stakes of Zion. A Son of God. The Mind of Man. Brigham Discuss: Can you have free will without

The program for stake quarterly Young's Mind. The Mind's Storehouse. law and without authority? We usually inconferences for 1944 reads as folUnderstanding. The Image of God. terpret "free will"as the basic stuff of

lows, on this point: Suggestion: Discuss the salient thoughts liberty, freedom, free agency, and, many

outline, that liberty claim authority) (or topical law and the above suggested by full priestall stake attendance of A in other. opposition to are teachings. complete each Taylor's President bringing out

officers, stake priesthood hood comfaith controlled, problems: cannot man's broad a be these tackle two Then Why mittees, officers, at and ward quorum is that the except person? is of by nature man? the What What the stake priesthood should meeting activity and for the remarkable explanation

priesthood All especially urged. be 20 LESSON of the with associated mind the phenomenen

if desire. attend they members may and p. 56.) "Understanding,"Enjoyment Human (See Human man?

made The request is now by the LESSON 18 BrotherhoodText: pp. 6164. Topics: Association authorities general the church of

that all the brethren holding the Man as Man of the Sexes. Nurture, Do Not Pervert, the

priesthood should be requested to Text: pp. 5659. Topics: The OpporEmotions. Music and the Theater. Social

of Nature. Standards. Nature The Service Christ's Possibilities. Human tunities and priestthese at attendance be in

Ethic. All Children. God's Are Mormon A Reach. Man's The Places Within Godhood it is meetings, deswhether hood lesson foregoing the Discuss: on From Becoming the Outlook. and On Problem priestignated as a Melchizedek to question: the can say what man, you God. Like conference, an Aaronic hood are the nurtured emotions and when When possessed are by powers Discuss: What conference, controlling mispriesthood the are perverted? or they a Assemble

is probationfully. the Explore man? Why this that principles problem. underlie If this conference. How sionary procetrial"? "state of to referred as a state ary leadin society avoided "separation"be can is there followed dure can no be

, quoof many wheat 59) (p. Speaking how like aristocracy"? ing to "something an all the confusion of brethren and storfulfilment of the the to seen have it ) rums in 6263. quorum? avoid your ( pp. How in vitally interested should be the in project advanced and problem teachings the unage community? ward? Apply matter meetings they these no how this anything the suggest chapter Brotherhood 1943? of subhead, der "The autumn Does

may be designated. further for the topic, "On Becoming Like of the Human Race,"to this problem and

God"? current world problems.

This season these messages, repeated Letters to Stake Chairmen

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO on many boards, are as follows: Letters were recently mailed to all

stake duties of chairmen restating the home—it

committees. These NoLiquor-Tobacco COLUMN curses"Drinkall bringswho touchcrueltyit."—Firstinto thePresidency

Conducted by "Alcohol burns up men, destroys life, letters were accompanied by a sample

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill curses God."—Robert G. Ingersoll of all the pieces of literature that we

recent during to the field have gratis, to offered on years. send sentWeBillboard Messages a crime?"—L.D.S."Should not the lawCommitteemake drunken driving as copies as request many by chairmen,

TThis year, as during the winters of re- "Eliminate absenteeism by eliminating alneeded of those we published. (Sev-* cent years, scores of large billboards coholic drink."—L.D.S. Committee eral booklets purchased from publishalong Utah highways carry authorita- "I insist that my boys do not drink—not ers elsewhere were also sent as samtive temperance messages. The space even beer."—Fritz Chrysler, famous Michiples.)

on these boards is graciously donated gan coach Our campaign is now more or less to this purpose by the companies that "Liquor and tobacco are not good for stabilized along lines indicated by the own them. man."—Doctrine and Covenants first presidency in the beginning. Our

efforts are essentially educational and directed to our own people—those who

accept the Word of Wisdom as divine.

But we are glad to accept aid from other helpful sources, which we have done.

But, that education may succeed best, a favorable environment is necessary.

So, we advocate the observance and enforcement of all civil laws relative to liquor, tobacco and morals, especially those concerning minors and youth. To

this end, committees in some counties in

Utah and Idaho have been organized to back up civil officers in their efforts to enforce the laws mentioned. As a

rule these committees are closely associated with our stake NoLiquor-Tobacco committees.

Each of the general boards of church auxiliaries has formulated a yearly recurring program designed to instruct,

HARVEST BEET STAKE, WELFARE PA WARD, MELBA NAM to their members train and motivate behind is here, Relief Society the scenes, serving hot chili worked but the (Continued on page 176) E. Wood. by shownL and pie.—ReportedThe priesthood

MARCH, 1944 169 Aaronic Priesthood t!v&&4&4-A>i&W*WX"K>vv%4TA"'**vvf %% "Cif;C<

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

her with chances take dangerous LEADERSHIP WARD BOY that the yjoudfc and, JHhinq of imagine and name OUTLINE COMMITTEE in School her do not Sunday OF STUDY purityboys

APRIL, 1944 know it. They always know it!

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS OnceShe wasI knewa matureof a verywomanwisewhoteacher.had

Chapter XVI: Things to Sidestep never had a son and had always

wanted one. At the death of her husQuotations from the Text: band she threw her entire energy and

1. Side step embarrassments. thought into a class of boys she was KENT

No matter what his appearance or teaching. And she built that class to CHRISTENSEN

manner, every boy is biologically sensi- a fine regular attendance. One day

tive. He may manufacture a crust she told me her story.

about himself that would be the envy She said that the class was made up of any oyster or turtle. But his snarls, of boys from cultured and in most

oaths, sneers, or jeers do not fool the cases wealthy and even very wealthy real student of boy life. I have yet to homes. These boys had many bad

locate one place or time for a justified habits. Their mothers were away at

embarrassment. social evenings, bridge clubs and so on.

Don't thrust a boy more deeply into The fathers were tied up in big busihis shell because he is publicly made ness deals and were occupied at that to feel cheap. and gave no time to their sons. The

And many things embarrass a boy boys drifted into many evils and into that do not embarrass an adult. personal habits known to this keen

2. Boys do like stories of personal strugand wonderful teacher. T/'ent is a deacon now living in Caligle, but best and deal she not the had you them! with a be made So formerly fornia. a member He was tale in the hero this: fortunateagreement Her That they weI And was Provo Eighth the Ward, of Provo

ly there are to to her have personally were come many made any whotell. and Stake. conflict personal victory habit complain or and of any or seem method

child's play. anything else in her life that they After working during the summer he

3. A wellmeant warning is listed against thought shady or unbecoming a Chrisreceived his salary check. His first obinconsistency.... Your case must be tian. In return she could go to them ligation was to the Lord. He discharged

wellmade. correct habit they had. or ask him and any

I will often something. I'll never Well, any she not the played.do. boy to do game of ithisbyincome.sending his bishop one tenth of

solitaire sacrifice that I will nor innocent thought any she not which make make. enough. There was no gambling. There Kent's attitude is typical of thousands

4. Some time ago, as a guest of a huge was merely herself and her pack of of Aaronic priesthood members

Bible class, I addressed a crowded cards and the chance to quiet her throughout the church who take the law auditorium. I met a fascinating man. nerves or occupy a lonely evening. of tithing seriously.

later the with cards But an announcement gambled boy which made who He percent that 100 report bishops Many in inconsistent said seriously. for she thought took he nobody was He pleaded priesthood membership the Aaronic of after his him. she her of going gave prayer up a week So services—but tithing records their are of wards on the it I his quit gambling weight. appeared, words, lacked he solitaire—and

questioned concerning this later and with cards. She had to give up the of the church.

was told that this some church official, movies, too. She was campaigning

though never drunk, had come to a against the vicious sex stuff that is so call to his screened. often liquor asked breath with party church boy on A

is best. story the She of end The little told ather her just he'd her seen his and happy. on a too and And

first their drinking from boys stopped the Twist. tending photoplay, Oliver gone. influence was

their in right learned been which had inconsistent. this seemed consistpeople him So demand Grownup To from others stopped She homes. own to cut his cheap out fraction as gave a ency. strongly not he word But

in all profanity evils. ended other She all it! girl of them dropped she movies as not youth and can demands A

come in from allnight dances and and with a smile on her face. {Concluded on page 171 )

Maricopa Stake celebrates Aaronic priesthood achievements in gala style. The

spacious Mesona Hall at Mesa, Arizona, was full of boys and good things to eat.

The stake presidency, bishoprics, and Aaronic priesthood leaders shared the joys of this pleasant experience.

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Teaching

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

9%, WcvuL WARD TEACHERS The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

By Bishop Harry W. Madsen, And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with

LeGrand Ward. Park Stake each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

that see the church meet together often, and also see that all the And 1. first thing I The understand must their duty. members do C. 20:5355.) (D. &

is that being called to act as a ward teacher is not just one of appointment alone but there goes with it a very definite responsibility for the people in my Ward Ueachen'fv/eteaae for Mprii, 1944 charge.

I MY BROTHER'S KEEPER?"2. I am the "watchman"of my dis- "AM

trict, it is business all to whose that see in rage, jealous a /ain, brother, Abel. slew his the asked Lord Whenis in district. well that to perThe way is I thy brother?"impudently snapped, Abel Cain ** "Where "Am myfection is on to learn beat interto my brother's keeper?"

life inpret others. terms of sorTheir thought, well might not, are Lord Cain, have The "No, nor have you arerows their sorrows; joys and my my If been, brother's keeper. your been, you had you not you have wouldjoys.

his destruction. sought offended not mistreating have would You one by me 3. visits just are not to get job a My sons. of I realized that his have would Father well as as my yours. You am

lifeless,done, stereotyped and but my treated love, courtesy, kindness, have would with him for You ever looking iscalling to the all hearts reach of the life. opportunities to help in the him of raised never have would way You

Ipeople. kind, so sincere, must be do To belittle against I voice your to him. or discourage him Cain, while No,

is sympathetic.and Kindness a language like to should seen brother's keeper, have you failed your be have you me."that gives sight blind, to the new and set his actions apart as one brother's being keeper? What the deafeven hear understand. can and In a dramatic description last of the judgment declared: Jesus

I 4. I not until have best done my

know not only the parents, but all the Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my children in the home, and by tactful apFather, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:

proach made fellowship with them. For I was an hungered, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me

I drink: a stranger, took was and ye me in: 5. the special emissary of the I am

sick, clothed Naked, and me: ye I was and ye visited me: I was in prison, and the withbishop to assignment encourunto me. 25:3437.) (Matt. came I yeage to attend church. members my

am pleased to tell them of the good In Jesus'description, the people did not remember their having perthings we have in the ward. formed so many lovely services for their king. They had no memory of their

If I do my job well they will want having been so kind, so thoughtful, so willing to help him in his distress.

to be where so many others are—not Though they were extremely happy in the thought, they could recall no

from a sense of duty, but from the such experiences. The very idea 'hat they had so behaved toward him was

pleasure of worship in a lovely place exciting and satisfying to say the least.

with lovely people. They were sobered, however, when their "King"informed them that

6. I will acquaint myself with the ac- "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren,

tivities of all the organizations in the ye have done it unto me."They had not suspected that being their brother's

ward so I can speak intelligently about keeper was a direct service to their king.

them. In this way I may replace indifAre we, today, as members of the church, permitting this great prinference with interest and add members ciple to govern our actions toward our fellow men? Are we aware of the

to these organizations. fact that service to God and service to man are one and the same? Knowing

7. We are all pretty "common clay,"this, would we be happy to treat the Lord as we are treating each other?

the knowledge of which keeps us humHappy or not, this is just what we are doing. Is he pleased or offended by

ble. But I know when I am confronted our actions toward one another? Let each one answer for himself.

with the thought, "I am not worthy to do this work,"it is the evil one trying to spoil usefulness in the church. my fine class into To that a she remade companion will be proud to go but boys, a my

will not surrendersuch I but will eardifferent number up into grew of whom with me.

nestly strive to improve my mode of 10. I do not want the disinterest of forms of church leadership.

life, in laid at this ward I guess to my all comes my door. our down

I casting out from boys'motes responsibileyes, a moral have theMybetterassignmentto qualifyto visitfor thethe peoplework. Asanyafamilyteacher

is of convenience not one and circumwhen we have quite a little lumber in ity good. and will do to make my best

It is linkingstance. a high commission our own! all these resolutions ten hang Upon

leadership the with of the ward.me And

Helps for Class Leader: is responsibility toso it keep my my thecalling.possibilities and blessings of my

group alive and happy. In doing this I 1. After the lesson has been presented,

will keep alive and happy myself. have the class members suggest as

9. "Any old time"for teaching is a WARD BOY LEADERSHIP many "Things to Sidestep"as possible.

the suggestions blackboard. on a responsibility to approach a great COMMITTEEweak OUTLINE OF STUDY Write suggestion, a person each making Have

credit, soand does me no I will be up ( Concluded from page 1 70) state his therefor. reasons Thereand doing. My visits will be early in that class. In short, she sacrificed a be quite a long list if the class is shouldreally

the month in the spirit of my calling, few pleasures she deemed innocent thinking on this matter.

MARCH, 1944 171 suddenly finds himself singing louder than his neighbors or with but little support from the organ, it is but a short Music time before he is frightened into silence iiLK<grfccsg{ggggg;gstgg{usxiijri&iigyfrfgr&j and his selfexpression through the singing of the hymns, is stifled.

f.3ke WARD MUSIC GUILD libertySometimesof makingthe congregationsholds, as in Edwards'take the

"I Know That My Redeemer Lives,"at

Sixth Guild Meeting: March values conscientiously. After the techthe end of the first and second phrases.

is release of precise attack nique and secthe Foundation,"In Firm "How A Asper Frank By Dr. W. attention given mastered, be more may days,"thy beginning verse, "As ond Organist Tabernacle Member, and

in tempo. surprise and first as syllable a the comes Committee Church Music should through be played If to Afluctuationshymn this phrase verses. is other unlike the

will time, strict in is most people takenTempo,mankind.or pace,Yet, isas commonthe heartbeatto all withannounced,solid organand attonethe aftercorrectit hasspeedbeento syllables, first weakening the few omit

varies in different persons, so the set the pace for the whole congregation. the sound of the hymn and dampening

degree of tempo feeling differs, too. The entire service can have a good or their enthusiasm. But if a slight pause

Psychologists point out that there are bad spirit according to the way the first is made, then going on, giving each variations in responsiveness to movehymn is announced. word a quarter note, the leader will be

ment in music according to the age, the The words are, of course, the first assured of wholehearted singing.

country, the race, and the century. consideration, and the hymn should be Playing accompaniments is a giveIt is a wellknown fact that the taken at the speed at which they may andtake proposition, and one must

metronome mark on some compositions best be spoken clearly and distinctly. learn to give a little here and there so

are not correct, especially of the masterSolemn hymns should necessarily be that the structure will not be weakened.

pieces written before Beethoven's time, taken slower, and brighter hymns faster. All hymns should be phrased on the

for the reason that the metronome was The size of the chapel and its acousorgan in the same sense in which the not then invented, and they have been tics must also be considered. In a larger accompanying words would be recited.

put on by men who have edited the building it will invariably be found that After all, the main thing in a hymn is the compositions. Unfortunately, most of more time must be allowed for the sound words, the music is there to give the

the metronome marks in our own L.D.S. to carry. The size of the congregation is words emphasis.

hymnal are too slow. They do very also a factor. A large group is more difIt is especially imperative that the orwell in the tabernacle in Salt Lake ficult to bring into line than a small ganist hear the different effects and the

City, where there is much reverberaone, and one would also not expect so various volumes of tone on the organ tion and carrying over of tone, but they quick a response from older people as from the rear of the building when it is should be faster in the majority of our from those of younger age. filled. When he is playing at the conward chapels, where a smaller and less The hymns should always be played (Conctuded on page 179)

ponderous body of singers tends to crein such a way that all listeners will be ate a lack of interest if they sing at the eager to join in and sing. Singing is one

speeds indicated. of our most potent ways of worshiping, Central Ward Choir

active is the only way in which and it shows photograph Choir accompanying Preparing the HThe part. people can take most ward choir from a splendid * another accomplish to attempting Before

Central population. Ward, small Increasing the Participation in of of tempo choir the with by waymuch a membership Stake, has Sevier South HymnSinging stress more should leader thechange,

or twenty souls, some of which of 203 notes of and values time of the theaccurately the announcement of the end A T services. in the armed are absent more singers, best the rests. among ** Even the congregaorgan, the on hymn five for organized been choir has This carelessness of is degreethere a marked begin should choir organ or tion and constake at repeatedly years, sung has is to this due usually this regard, in and hesifirst note, without the promptly on than happier never ferences, was and of part the ignorance or onindifference the with the playing tation. hymns In the of dedication the at singing when full should be value conductor.the all The should avoid organist su.jers, the chapel. ward new is it note, except to when eachgiven in either changes abrupt and sudden follows: Montez officers are as The singer the for in order slightly shortened first induces volume. or The tempo chorister; HanChristiansen, Dean O. If leader the breath.""catch get to a the stop eventually will and raggedness presi- S. Gray, organist; Leland sen, it great will a help accurately, timebeats singin the people of participation many bishop. Christiansen, dent; Heber J. they the places singing in such deal way equally in can be volume ing. Changes its inthis on congratulate ward is We better guarantee intended, a butwere congregation of the If fatal. member a music. Alexander choral in terest durto guard on be conductor the for

Schreiner. ing rehearsal and observe the time

CENTRAL WARD CHOIR

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'jrjrjrjr.<< < << <<*

From the Isles of the Sea timeI waslatermostI receiveddisappointed,some butinterestinga short diggings.a gold nugget,Whileandthere,someOliveryears acquiredlater on

family history. his return to his home town, Lerwick,

By Mary M. Home An old man of ninetyfour came to he had a wedding ring made from this

see the postmaster, and told him he was piece of gold.

Seeking new horizons, the descendwell acquainted with Oliver Manson, Among the friends of the postmaster ants of the Norse sailed to far, far my greatgrandfather, whose home was was an old lady who, as a small child, countries.... to be found at the hamlet of Aywich, enjoyed seeing Oliver Manson making From Shetland—a group of a hundred on the southeast coast of the island of spinning wheels by hand in his shop.

windswept, stormbeaten islands, near Yell. She said of him, "He was so gentle and

and within the Arctic Circle, where life As a boy twelve years of age, Oliver enjoyed the visits of the children."

is a continuous battle against the elewent to Greenland on a small sailing ments and winter darkness-—my grandvessel, to help with the fishing. On the Tt was indeed wonderful to find these

father, Manson, John trip set sail for the return stopped by a their ship was greatof witnesses * two living my

Australia. of landsunny the press British and Man-O'-War, his of to hear of grandfather, and way

In the south of that continent, near gang boarded the little vessel and took living, and his personality. It was also

the township of Rocky Head in the what men they wished. a great surprise to read in the same

state of Victoria, he bought a farm on Oliver Manson was a husky lad, so letter that one living descendant of my which was a small gold mine. Here he without consulting his wishes, they greatgrandfather had been found, a

established a family, and when he was placed him aboard the British ship, Mrs. Cowe (Coee). Mr. Manson very

killed in a railroad accident some twenwhich then proceeded to Australia, kindly called to see my relative, giving ty years later, he left a widow and probably to help keep order in the gold {Continued on page 179) nine children, my father being the eldest.

My father later made his home in the southernmost part of Australia, the island of Tasmania, the shores of which are washed by the cold Antarctic ocean.

After making my home in the United

States of America, I wished to obtain my father's family history and genealogy. The only information I had was

the date of my grandfather's birth, 1835, and the place, Shetland.

I decided to write to the postmaster of Shetland to see if he could direct me to someone who would do research, and by return mail I received a remarkable letter to this effect:

Your letter of the 28 th of June came into my hands as I was dealing with the post office correspondence. It was rather a coincidence that my own grandfather was named

John Manson, but he is not the same person as you are inquiring about.

I have today made inquiries, but so far have not made much progress. It would be

of district assistance great to in what know striking genealogical exhibit was at reception wedding part of decorating This the the a scheme of Mr. born.of Shetland he was

at Mrs. (nee and Evelyn the East Pate) Midvale on August Mac Van Valkenburg Ward 27, 1943.

In quite connection with I do my work a lot of traveling round the different districts, I will quite that hopeful and I am ABOVE THE HILLS desire. to trace the able informationbe you

I have kept the dollar bill you sent but there will be no expense. I shall be only tuu KJra f-ate Jtewaft

too pleased to assist you.

An inspired answer to my request, I ATn usthesefor dayseternalof thingsshiftingtostandardsgive us permanence.and changing values, we look around say.would

.. hills in strength. everlasting their step us never about The They I at inquiries Writing once made

.,.... aside. they the before that blow.. stand winds But do Nor bow inagain of aunt Melbourne, Ausmy

its in place. ordained eachtralia. result the steadfastedly, her search of The was

... hills. Sinai, the or from has Lord always from spoken The certificate,marriage issued in Ballarat,

Victoria, of my grandparents, which Horeb, and now these. And "the strength of the hills"has been built

his into house.also greatstated of the names my

it is restful reassuring to... and to go to the House of the Lord Howgrandparents, Oliver and HenManson

... eternity his of feel the of his promises. permanence love and the How of parents Smith,derson Manson. John

in purity beautiful to see brides the be kneel before to and grooms God the these postmaster names With eternity. all in for children joined time holy marriage and and Their

results. inquiriesagain without but made will children's forever. children their bless these shall them be And inFinally the advertised Shetland he

hills. the exalted above for three following butTimes, months

received no reply.

MARCH, 1944 173 IT CAME TO PASSAND

Lj. i5lootnHeld JILL CURLEY By <J.i t HERRING,

ADOPTED GRANDDAUGTER OF THE And it came to pass that I beheld the remnant of the

AUTHOR seed of my brethren, and also the book of the lamb of God, which had proceeded forth from the mouth of the Jew, that it came forth from the Gentiles unto the

REMNANT OF THE SEED OF MY BRETHREN. (/ Nephi 13:38.)

struction first. While a car went

the few miles to bring Rex and his growing respect for their darker parents, Ruth explained baptism to A skinned brethren has resulted them. Then Rex arrived, paralyzed ingfrompostthe inthirtythe Navajoyears spentIndianatreserva-a tradin his legs, and tied to a board around tion at Toadlena, New Mexico, by

which was wrapped a blanket. The the author, Lucy G. Bloomfield and

husband. a lifelong Rewarding years to taught him by her gospel had been had ago weTwentyodd call for desire the to mission a was as the an overnight guest, missionaries the and Snowflake a Hopi

people the labor which Navajo among Indian, soul his heart Polacca, were Howela and Polaccas, and who this in to 1941. couple June, came

later married a Navajo girl, Ruth. fired with a burning desire to be "In the last thirty years we have

The next morning after he first arbaptized. A service was held first in seen the Navajo race make great

Sister relates progress,"Bloomfield.rived, at missionaries the breakfast table, the of which a number Howela

forts that the were have seen "Wetold a story close, at of his or legend the spoke. people Then Howela built into schools against turned them

which was of so great interest of arose with a battered old Book of of learning for them. Smart, keen,

the whole family that we sat at the Mormon in his hand. His message and highly intelligent we have found

table, dishes undone, absolutely and testimony to his adopted tribe this people."

spellbound till the clock struck one. was one of the most impressive and

The story he told was of a great sincere we ever heard. He told them:

man who appeared among his fore- "I have studied Mormonism for Then the strange procession formed fathers many hundreds of years betwenty-three years now. See this for the short walk from the Polacca

fore and taught them the right way old, worn book? It was given to me home atop of a hill to where Howela

of living. He stood on a high mounby Woscolie and his wife twentyhad dug a place for baptism in the

tain and his voice could be heard by three years ago; here is the date in small mountain stream. No words

the great crowd of people that had the front, almost worn away. I know can describe the picture. Only a

gathered around for many miles. He it is a true book and will make us all camera could catch all the beauty of

told them to be honest and to stop better and happier if we will obey the scene: tall mountains and pines,

stealing and to return good for evil. the commandments in it. Oh, that the old father and mother following

He could jump from a high cliff and you may see the truth as I do!"Rex, as he was carried on his board,

not be hurt and could excel in all At that, words failed him, and the company that followed. Some

kinds of games. Then one day he sobs shook his frame while tears fell were fearful lest the cold water might

told them he would see them no from his eyes. Such was the inharm the boy, but Rex was steadfast

more, and he arose in a great white tensity of the feelings behind the and said, "The Lord will take care light. Long after, the people could words that both whites and Indians of me,"and he did, for there was

see the light shining in the sky. There brushed tears from their cheeks. only a tiny gasp as Rex came forth

were many more details, some distorted, but it is easy to see how such exaggerations could happen as the story was repeated generation after generation.We then read to him from the

Book of Mormon the eleventh chapter of third Nephi. He said, "What

do you know about that?"We wrote

his name in the book and gave it to him.

Recently in company with other missionaries, we made the long trip to Howela's mountain home to be in attendance at the baptism of his brotherin-law, Rex Bechi. There

was a note of sadness in the joyous service.

Gathered in the humble home CHIEF of the Polaccas were about thirtyNATANAHIS AND five Indians, two of whom had asked WIFE to be baptized. It was thought

best they should have some more in174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA from the watery burial. Soon he was chickens and an acre or so of farm. two hundred miles. We went there

smiling, and as he said, "Now I am She made the trip of over a hundred because the church has a font, and happy."Rex has given an example miles once in a while to visit George. the water could be warmed. In the

to his people that will set them thinkAfter one of these visits she came service afterwards before the asing. and asked for some of the tracts. sembly Mary bore her testimony.

Then refreshments were served, She said she wanted to know what She said, "We are very poor, and after which the baptism was conit was George was reading about yet we are rich because we have firmed and three children blessed. and was so interested in. Then in found God and the true church and

We then started on the homeward July George came home, still unable many friends."

journey over the treacherous mounto walk. At their request we held We have taught them that faith

tain road. We were stuck in a black study meetings twice a week with and works must go hand in hand and

mountain dirt mud hole for over an them at their home, and one Sunday so George will soon be going to a hour, and our Sunday clothes literGeorge asked if he might be adminhospital for an operation on his hurt ally looked like mud, but we all voted istered to. This was done, our misback. We all have faith George will

we would do it over again rather sionary president with his son and eventually be well again.*

than miss what to us was one of life's my husband asking God's blessing I am sure our good bishop will not golden glimpses. on George. Their interest and faith object to my quoting the following

grew with investigation and study. letter that George and Mary reQther remarkable conversions Almost any time we would drop in ceived. It tells just a little more of

took place later, after the misto see them, we would find them their story.

sionary work was formally opened in reading in the Book of Mormon. The Kirtland, New Mexico,

1 941. The gospel seeds took root in first of September they both asked October 30th, 1941

the hearts of two other faithful Infor baptism. We told them they To Brother and Sister Jumbo,

dians. The story of their acceptance had best study some more and be Toadlena, N. Mex.

is an example of the workings of very sure they knew what they were Dear Brother and Sister:

truth within noble souls, as was also doing. More study meetings and Enclosed you will find tithing receipt for

it paid, tithing with recently the and youthe followed. story of Howela Polacca and Rex prayer

the for to congratulations send I wish myBechi. if that just taken. on October 8th the mission step Then have I know you

Several years ago George Jumbo president, William Evans, and his you are faithful you will find the greatest the greatest joy, happiness, the most and States at the United an employe wife son, Richard, andwas came and from comfort that could any come to you school. Indian with askedGovernment meeting was held a them and He source.

hurt while cleaning the boiler at the them questions. They both bore In your letter, Sister Jumbo, you menal- small the so tioned being all you first amount plant. him to urged testimony.power their spoke Mary We

the giving, of the hesitated but one most hospital, his parents but said:go to the and

it is finest that the is not of gospel features first. I to hold Georgewanted a "sing"since studied "I have my Bible the cents but dollars measured and by by

soon became paralyzed in his legs was a little girl, and for seventeen condition of one's heart at the time of the spirit of the fine, giving. sweet I know by injury. After the "sings,"Ifrom this join with should years now I felt

letter that offering never more an was said at thewhich George to just be your church, but I seemed time he some yours. to the acceptable than Lord was

only permitted out of deference and waiting for something else, and now As one of his humble servants chosen to respect to his old parents, he went I have found what I waited for. handle the tithes and offerings and see that

is they that kept record complete and a hospital he where a governmentto lain late of nights on I have Many of to headquarters in are general the sent after five he months.stayed Soon bed, husband's sheepskin by my my I church, sincerely the thank promand you

I tracts a sent andwent, him some to kneel and pray up I would and in will ise that be blessed many you you

Book of Mormon. A month or so know what was the right thing to ways by this manifestation of your newfaith. letter:later I received the following I know do and now we are going to born

that feel It to hear so happy makes me right church."the join with is taken the to the being Navajos. gospel now San. Hospital,

Ft. Defiance, Ariz. Then George said, "I have found I have been a trader among the Navajos

July 2, 1941. the truth and light and will never for the past fifteen years, at Red Rock. I

story times the wondered when many there, folks,Hello give it up;

to the of be taken would Book of MormonDear Friends—of edge myI lipsdo notbut sayfromthisdeepfromin themy have I true the only because it was them knew

I get your letter last week. I was very heart."And so October 15th was history of the American Indians to be found

I to thank you. from you very hearhappy it history; that only is not and anywhere set for the baptism. The mission

letter. for the reading yourmuch it is s dealing scripture showed and God said, president little "We cannot three these the reading I enjoy And their long before ancestors withwith Columbus

books. And I thank you for the stamps hold baptism from such as they."discovered America.

send cards me. postand you I tofeeling a friendly have had always the whole not be telling It would little I these three like the reading And the the because from Navajos Book that to say it to story I if we neglected is true. think goingbooks. I am are learned they they wardof that I have Mormon

think I will believe. And I am prayer all were warned that they were taking my brothers and sisters, that we are difthe time to my God. a false step. They both stood firm ferent just because conditions we have lived

I get the Redshaw. Whenletter lastI getweeksomebodyfrom Fannieletter in their faith even in the face of such underpel is havethe onlybeenmeansdifferent,of bringingand that usthe backgosalways glad and happy. accusations as, "Mary! Mary! think together. After it has had time to operate,

I am just doing fine with my hospital what you are doing, you are only forit will do that very thing. Education is a

all the time. I don'tfeeling have much good forerunner but it will necessary the gosbe the of saking Navajos gods the many

to you. say to enlighten will really the pel that world and the to of embrace Mormons the God all folks to them. hello I said Tell ruin. it from my save

This is all. God bless you. and will be much worse off than you Conditions in the world today prove that

From, were before."George answered, in education alone cannot be found the

George Jumbo. "No, I have found the truth and my (Concluded on page 176)

Father in heaven, and I wish Sun- *Long since departed to the happy huntIVary, George's wife, stayed at day was tomorrow so I could be ing ground is George's greatgrandfather.

home to care for their humble baptized sooner."Theis to burninggo to thedesiretempleof andGeorge'sbe baptizedheart nowforpossessions: A little tworoom George and Mary were baptized his beloved brother Ralph and for "My

house, a team of horses and a few at Mancos, Colorado, a trip of over good old greatgrandpa."

MARCH, 1944 175

And It Came to Pass ( Concluded from page 1 75 healing elements so badly needed in a wartorn world. The nations fighting each other

are educated nations but not converted nations. If each one believed he was his

brother's keeper as the gospel teaches us that we are, war would stop this very minute.

Again I thank you and wish you the very best of success and happiness.

Your brother in the gospel, Bishop Carlos J. Stolworthy.

The foregoing is just a partial report from this small part of the Lord's vineyard on the Indian reservation.

In other parts the same or similar work is going on, and so—it has come

to pass that the remnant of the seed ft of Lehi are again hearing and embracing the true gospel.

We cannot help feeling that through the great blessings of our

Heavenly Father we are helping to write a supplement to the Book of

Mormon history.

Melchizedek Priesthood

( Continued from page 1 69 total abstinence. The priesthood quorums, for both boys and men, also have

their programs. Thus, all the organiza-

j tions in the church have a part to play in the churchwide total abstinence camSHIRLEY ANN AND HER VIOLIN paign.Prohibition and Congress

featured soloist with INTERLUDE FOR STRINGS lic Certainhave recentlysectionsbeenof thestirredAmericanby effortspubConducted by Reginald Beales made to get congress to enact a law providing national prohibition for the

K*S*L MONDAYS 10:15 P. M. quirements"duration."ofIn physicalthe interestfitnessof warin thereWE INVITE YOV TO TUNE IN armedservationservices,of food,in asindustry,well as andthe ofspiritucon-

al good of our citizens, many feel that prohibition should return, at least temporarily. But at this writing the idea

is being strongly fought in the conGLADE CANDY CDMPANY gressional hearings, held because more than one hundred thousand petitioners asked for the hearings. The liquor interests have taken notice and their

powerful negative influence is being felt in Washington.

The "drys"will have the arguments, but who will have the votes?

Women on the March Vl/nerever cJney Co "That all womankind may have the

C/O Postmaster opportunity to join hands to hold aloft

Los Angeles, Calif. the standards of true femininity a moveDear Sirs: ment called 'Global Thinkers, Inc.'has

Nonpolitical, started."nonsec- been

I've to the very appreciated sent While each month. much having ERA me tarian, is designed to the movement

in of Louisiana, the rinding I was means it was an L. my Camp Polk, leadership D. S. help develop for the women

meeting which I never knew existed although I lived within a mile of the solution of problems of social adjustplace for nearly six months. ment needed after the war. To lead

womanhood to respect and maintain the

SEND THE "ERA"TO A BOY IN THE SERVICE positionthat the homewhich frontwomanhoodmay be shouldsafe forholdthe youth of today and tomorrow is the $2.00 a year delivered anywhere chief objective of the movement, incorporated last June in Nashville, Tennessee, by a group of prominent women.

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

THE ADVERTISERS Membership is now being solicited in your quorum brethren, and your cash, bishop, through yourvarious parts of the country. to the fulfilment of And Where You Will Find

in this assignment. your part of the organizapurpose The general

Praying the Lordtion to bless you in your Their Messages is to increase of drinkcombat the to him, we are, smokinging and among and service women girls. The plan is to get thinking women Sincerely your brethren, AllisChalmers 135

whc abstain from smoking and drinkBeneficial Life Insurance Coming to become charter members in each Cottonwood Stake Presidency, pany Back Cover state. With this unit quietly working Win, S. Erekson, Bonham Brothers.—129

in it is state that each the hoped move- V.J. E.F. Wahlquist,McMillan BookcraftBrigham YoungCompanyUniversity 132, 180191 influential large toment grow and may

proportions. May these hopes be Continental Oil Co 178

realized! For 1944 the slogan is—"Woman an Qtuuhdc Ssi/wujl CrescentDaynes MusicMfg. CompanyCo. (Mapleine)—.132177

ideal, because she is ideal."Letter to Stake Presidents Concerning JohnDeseretDeereBookCompanyCompany 166156

Temple Work Project Deseret Federal Savings & Loan.. 185

The Refrainers'Pledge Dear President: Deseret News Press 186

182 Durkee's Mayonnaise the direction their of principal, Under first 13, the 1943, presiSeptember On Oleomargarine.... 163 Durkee's Troco

Call, called students E. the the of Jr., dencyBen priesthood upon Melchizedek B. (Traction SprayFarquhar A.

to as project the assume a quorums quorum Stake a organized SeminaryTeton Reers) 163 Co responsibility of of thouendowment manyfrainers'21, Club, 1943. November At Chips.. 138 Fels Naptha Soap Soap & of sands males names whose had accumuthe organization fortysix stumeeting 131 Mills Flouring Fisher (Zoom) in lated the temples.

all present,dents of signed were whom 176 Glade Candy Co Gratifying progress in has the been madethe following pledge of Insurance General Company labor. to yet remains be accomMuch

1 84 America plished. organized enquorums have Many I pledge loyalty to to myself the and Mills 164 Globe thusiastically their to assignaccomplish this of refraining club themembers from by Hall's 180 Canker Remedy ment. to themselves pledged have do Some tea, coffee,use of tobacco, alcoholic and

165 Hillam Costume Shop certain of a through endowments number I I willbeverages. will them. not help use

make it possible that others do not use them. personal attendance of quorum members at International Harvester Co., Inc.. 183

the temple. Others, remote from temples, L. D. S. Business College 131

This signed pledge also bore the sighave sent several of their worthy quorum Loma Linda Food Products 188 nature of two witnesses. members, paying the expenses while these Maid O'Barley 165

the of their brethren quota do endowment Milk Morning 1 67 live the Refrainers'the of Long Club distant sent quorum. have Other quorums Fuel Supply Mountain Co its Stake Seminary!Teton exWill that proxies the asking funds to be temple Inside Front Coverample widely be followed? their to of the work. secured share do Biscuit Purity 129 Company

Reports indicate that stake presidencies, Rancho Soup 134 stake Melchizedek priesthood committees Riggs, Timberline 187 TbJtsA. stake genealogical and committees are JthsL J-ialcL meetpwwc 133 Baking Company... Royal

ing frequently to perfect plans. Some Stores Inc SafewayCottonwood Letter Stake's Welfare service church visitcommittee are members Inside back cover ing in their quorum readmembers homes, Brother:Dear Milk 133 Sego ing to first presithe of the them message

"There is a destiny that makes us brothers, dency, inviting them to participate in the Tea Garden Products... 166

None goes his way alone, program. Hotel Temple Square 134

All that we put into the lives of others The church service committee should lead TribuneTelegram 189

Comes back into our own."out in keeping interest alive in this comHotel Utah 190

Engraving 1 65 Utah activity, feasible, mendable and, orwhere lines express above a The that thought Fire 182 Insurance Utah Home ganizing temple excursions. quorum

is spirit characteristic of the in the found Refining Oil 136 Utah Company of goalgreat these welfare of the endowing 100,000 males church. program The Such Poultry Producers CooperUtah

is this year, the be achieved experience of the great can be majority and of should by ative Association 165 all. effortthose of the united will participated have not only This in welfare who

179 Power Utah Company & Lightprojects. all great bring satisfaction personal to who

I 181 Z. C. M. assist, will to the blessings dead, and but Salt authorities, regional The Lake plan131 Zoom spiritual bring to the enrichment quorum for inning possible the future, needs have itself.

given Cottonwood Stake the assignment of producing 228,000 pounds of milk in 1944. We request that, as stake chairman of

To accomplish this objective, it will be Melchizedek priesthood work, you immenecessary to raise considerable money to diately ascertain to what extent the quobuy feed and to meet operating costs. This rums of your stake are participating in this

cash assignment has been given the bishops, program. Obtain a report from each on

the already number of endowments will its collection. supervisewho To proper- MUSICfor CHURCHES AND steps to give formed and take by members, labor,vide the necessary that it is suggestedthe priesthood quorums be given the opfurther stimulus to this work. SCHOOLS

portunity of supplying this labor as quorum If some are falling down, meet with quoLarge stocks are carried for vocal and instruprojects. rum presidencies and help them plan their mental solos, choirs, bands and orchestras.

is governlimited the curtailment but There by in that part they get this program. See presidency, therefore, restake that in of the asks your publishing The music and ment

If right. started the are going quorums supplied. Mail quirements can be reasonably in "contribute, labor, priesthoodeach member

rilled for or catalogues promptly write orders successfully, to ahead conencourage them leastat this eight in to 1944. hours program lists. special and so. tinueOfficers the accurate should of records keep VICTOR, OTHER COLUMBIA CARRY AND WE

It is fail a not program which must and it their weactivities is of and members, RECORDS. when WELL KNOWN

impossible for one to give the time, a cash call upon you to use your best efforts to While the manufacture of pianos and band instruments discontinued was 18 months ago by succeeds. that in equivalentdonation, to earned an see that it

to the conditions, government, due war we still theeighthour acwill be day member, by this of limited class stocks of merchandise have Sincerely yours,... information. invite to lieu further for write and youceptable in of the work.

Smith, Fielding Joseph in to participate opportunity your Here is CD. MUSIC DAYNES

Salt Lake City Main St. to to allegiance work;a noble express your Chairman, Church Melchizedek 47 So.

your church by contributing your time with Committee

MARCH, 1944 177. future cars with Glareless Lighting /Htytf

OILPLATING YOUR ENGINE

is like outdoing the future—today

3,965,194 people bought the "latest"cars Conoco N fh motor oil... at regular price.

—mostly 1941 models. Twentyodd milOil-plating defies engine acids. These

lion cars are still older. All the probable infest every engine; they're part of every

new car orders—even if dated today explosion. They tend to corrode metals

won't be quickly filled. Then what future most when your engine's driven little

car improvement is likely to mean more not heated throughout—often restarted

than the instant improvement of your after full cooling. Yet even for more favorpresent car's health? able postwar driving you'll want acidresistant oilplating. Why not get it

The least you can do for it is to have without waiting? Today! Simply change

unsuitable scratchy Winter oil drained.

to Your Mileage Merchant's Conoco Nth

But get more than an oil change; adopt

oil for Spring. Continental Oil Company

the major advancement of motor oil that oilplates—by getting Conoco Nth oil

for your indispensable oil change this CONOCO

Spring. Conoco Nth motor oil adds protective oilplating to working parts by

"magnetlike"effect. This comes from the

special modern synthetic in patented MOTOR OIL

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

MEET RADAR

(Concluded from page 149) Present production of radioradar lies. They showed pilots how far they equipment is close to $250,000,000, a

were above sea level, not how far they month, states Mr. Ellis. After the war,

were above the highest point on the tertogether with television, which is as far rain over which they were flying, or advanced now as radio was in 1937, how far they were from cloudwrapped radar will make history.

mountain peaks. The invention of the

radio locator was one of the most imflying.portant adjuncts to safe Music KILOWATT REDDY

lid military the Although of secrecy [Concluded 172) from page IfourmmmmElectric ma.uwemServant stillis tight radar, clamped on down we

his ears, it in singers shouting with that the uses of sole a versionknow Axis is impossible balance to judge and blendthis fairly the complete ray—hence correctly. can be achieved They only In wartime, as in to paint able beenword picture we have

of radar's magic. It should be menby having someone else play, and listening Such a distance. from to the hymn alliedtioned nations'that the equipment a time of peace will of the his use procedure improveis far superior that to of captured German and Jap apparatus. organ.

The present lull in Nazi sub activities Questions for Consideration:

is due, military authorities believe, to the fact that Germany has withdrawn 1 Sing the examples of hymns mentioned WE APPRECIATE many of its undersea boats for rein the article.

arming and installation of improved 2. Sing, and then discuss the difficulties

of Light."Kindly "Lead THE PRIVILEGE devices.radar

3. happens when hymns are sung What The German battleship, Bismarck, fast? Discuss. slow? too too

laid its first devastating salvo on the 4. Review the course of six lessons as OF

British cruiser, Hood, in May 1941, as time allows. The first lesson concerned the

a result of the use of radar detectors. planning of the ward music program for

Moreover, a British plane which lothe year; the second treated congregational SERVING YOU

cated the giant Nazi ship and guided singing; the third was on functions of the

singfourth the organist; on choralEnglish in for church warships bombers and

fifth the of music nature the ing; discussed

kill stillthe fired at hit while and was final article this for comments worship; and We are endeavoringout clouds. the of sight above singing. for tempos on hymn

series last of six meetof a This "radiois a meaning adar code navy"D to so efficiently do for throughout ings Guilds Music isWardthe detectingand-ranging."You've*7 benefits that church. have the hope We

it; considerableheard goyou're about material presthe from derived been courteously. anding in future. to hear the a lot more that discussions been the ented have and

In the Atlantic, radar is playing a held.

dramatic role on board convoy vessels.

It enables task force commanders to maintain constant checks on the ships in their charge, despite bad weather and Genealogy darkness. It keeps them fully informed (Continued from page 173)

of presence of submarines the enemy for her direction.miles in every saying: my letters. She wrote to me at once Utah Power first test at got its sea on board Radar

the battleship New York in 1939. A Dear Mrs. Home:

destroyer squadron had been assigned I was delighted to hear from Mr. Mansonto make a torpedo "attack"on the that I had living relatives on my mother's &

battlewagon under cover of darkness. side of the family; I thought I was the last

The test was so completely successful of the race. My Aunt Andrena and my

that Alfred Admiral Vice Light Co. W. Johnson motherthey knewoftenhadtalkedsailed ofto theirAustralia.brother who in this report:turned equipment "The

is one of the most important radio deShe also mentioned that the ring made velopments since the advent of radio of Australian gold was now in her positself."session. Speaking about her life work

At present, and for the duration of she said:

hostilities, radar will be exclusively a I left home before I was twenty to be is instrument. the Axis But whenwar in for trained missionary work. London

largest it will I of our conquered, the Stones evangelist for be one appointed Later was postwar industries. Then, manufacture Shetland Islands, and traveled over it conHalf a hundred of them—as only

in the field of ultrahigh frequency radiducting missions. President Grant can tell themation will be channeled to scores of While there I went to Aywick, my mothcontained in

birth, of er's place and there met the man already peacetime uses worked out.

husband, apwere and became we my preservation, are foodAmong them superintendents to the auwhopointed Royal Natomatic control of machinery, fire detectional Mission to Deep Sea Fisherman. GOSPEL

tion, regulation of lighting and many other uses. Later she wrote: STANDARDS

of Shetland, sending a and map I am classic the of is a example magHere I Now in its tenth edition all held places the have marked where we the supplying cost of nitude armed and will missions. notice one on mark You a Attractively equipment. radar forces with vital bound

little island. The small chapel was The down order production for a single of one I $2.25 bell, ring to the edge. the used sea by

in value type exceeded of radar model of the cost the entire Boulder Dam andboringmyislandscongregationin their camesmallfromrow theboats.neigh-I At all booksellers

project! (Concluded on page 180)

MARCH, 1944 179

GENEALOGY

(Concluded from page 179) son Smith, along with the births and

You Cannot stillhonorarypreachwork.two or three times a week—all thischristeningssame couple.of eightThe otherfather'schildrenname apof

spellings as various peared under OUa scale one, excellent an was The map etc. There Oliver Maunson, Magnuson,

It mile. cloth the inch half to a had an also at the marriage recorded Mid was

detail folded. and Every was was to of Lumbester Olla of Yell Manson A fford bridle island, hamlet, tiny backgiven—each Isles (a Brother of Smith Henderson

etc. path, footpath, road,

off coast just Yell the of island small

relative said: Following back through the birth and to WAIT Speaking of Manson genealogy, my on November 23, 1822. )

I was looking at an old book of Shetland christening entries I found the birth of

This time of the year is as familiesther's side,belongingand I foundto mytherecousinwereonMansonsmy faberOlla,7, son1794.of Magnus Ollason, Decemgood as any other to coninfortunately,Aywick beforeI havethebeen16thunablecentury.to getUn-a Thus from a small beginning I had

tinue your college traincopy of this book, but hope to do so in the located friends and a relative in Shetfuture. land, had learned the parish where my

ing at Brigham Young grandfather, John Manson, was born, parents trace his to had been able the record obtain and University. Begin with correspondence:Mrs. Cowe soonmy hadfather'sa worldwidesister in andand grandparents

Melbourne, Australia; a relative of my of their families.

Africa; in mother's and South own my SPRING QUARTER underwill be search Further now in Salt that said City. family She Lake from Yell registers of in the taken Mid

it relatives. to so is lovely have many 27 March parentage ascertain the to 17001771

felt she that a Before, she such was earliest of known ancestry and my If durattend soul. you cannot lonely also Ollason, progenitor, and Magnus

ing Spring Quarter, make On the large scale map of the Shetthat of Henderson Smith, my great-

I in Isles hamlet located land Aywick grandmother. arrangements Yell. Since of now to atthe parish South and Mid that consider father to refused My

is at register this preserved parish now tend the relatives, but his these people were in Edinburgh, Register the House I in 1939, Australia visit to made a I when

SUMMER SESSION wrotethere, andto Millerthey searchedand Bryce,the researchersregister for andfromheRegistersaw a copyHouse,of theEdinburgh,official recordsobto 1838. the years 1771 down on read Bryce, tained and and by Miller First term:

his father the had entries this document names these the birth of was Among

June 12—July 21 my grandfather, John Manson, in 1835, mentioned to him as a boy, he realized

Second term: the son of Oliver Manson and Henderthey were his own kin.

July 24—August 25

THE TIE THAT BINDS For further information, address (Concluded from page 143) We listen to a man make a speech,

The President protected from life; they aren't called and we tell him he's a good speaker,

into family conferences, they are not then forget what he's said.

responsibilities. family share to

all our failno means These are by until life playground their is a BRIGHAM Instead,asked of are, typical ings. however, They they should the age long after when the attitudes, habits which compose the

maturity. reached have

tie that want we we must YOUNG yet or drink smoke, don't we the it too. We cannot to others break break Weif

stuffbodies to our by untold harm do completely to with break hope UNIVERSITY ing them with all sorts of unhealthful "world,"but we must be able to decidethe

PROVO. UTAH foods. which course to choose when there is We admit we should be doing things a clash of ideas and ideals.

for an shouldn't. use we we know We

the fact don't have the excuse that wewwwwwwwwwwwvwvw we are not, yet continue to do things wouldThe certainlycorrectionhaveofa verythese satisfyingfailings church, the outside persons on We only live once, we say. effect others ourhelping help and in we alsoIN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS time.

Lincoln, selves. workAbraham WhenAids in treatment of Canker, simple

to in a store, underchange ing happened throat,sore and other minor mouth nine miles to customer and walked LAND a irritations.and throat it rest of the give his money, the man

By Marcia Nichols Holden seemed as if he were doing all for the for get nothing other fellow would andHall's Canker Remedy flag boxes the rural routes where A long over himself. concerned he was Nor536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah acre deep, after it acre spreads himself. The mail, getting for anything But

Land under grass, land under tillage, land, seems honesty was almost as rare then

The price of many lives, its depth, its as it is today, and so the customer,

WHEREVER THEY GO sweep. amazed at anyone's going to such great

Saskatoon, Sask. lengths to return money he could easily

force air joining Since time to the of reassurance come The others. story tell the to have kept, had to stations.I have various at posted been manythe

.. the Is here. down, for himself go I'm gained. Naturally The roots to have anxious "Honest child is fed Thus my Abe"

ERA catch up with me. H. L. Matkin That hungered. This is the one permanent a thing worth more than all the fortunes

Sure thing remaining, after all is said. of the world, a good name.

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LEFT: CANADIAN CAMARADERIE

Gleaner Girls from Alberta, Taylor, and Letlibridge stakes, Canada, who are in Calgary attending school or serving in the Canadian Woman's Army

Corps are seen here at their recent camaraderie night in the Calgary Ward.—Reported by Margaret

Dahl.

Mufual Messages

(Continued from page 155) own community and work out novel and interesting ways for the functioning of the Bee Hive program.

Swarm Day and Bee Hive Week Just as each year brings around the various holidays, county fairs, Pioneer celebrations, so each May brings

Bee Hive Week. Through radio, window displays, newspaper publicity and

swarm day exercises you can meet your

Bee Hive girls in person. They would

appreciate a little more sponsoring, particularly from the menfolk. Oscar A.

RIGHT: Kirkham, one of the most enthusiastic

GIRLS, GLEANER SIXTH of Bee Hive sponsors, recently returned FALLS WARD, IDAHO

STAKE from the Southern States Mission so enthusiastic about the Bee Hive program, he has offered to write a new song for them.

will participate day your girls Swarm final Falls camaraderie held their Stake, Idaho Sixth Girls Ward, the Gleaner of the May 2, On 1943, a program the highembodies which meeting and evening Sunday season. for the the ward in bound presented a of the program Mutual They 194243

Gleaners, Nellie presented president, Golden sheaf. E. L. Holmgren, the two Mrs. Y.W.M.I.A. Ward Shearer lights of the past winter the and marks

remarks encouraged were given Lucille Mrs. pins. by Slater, John Closing Homer with Gleaner Golden who and beginning of the and summer outdoor partially Plans activity have the are away. and while been their to M.I. carry made the girls A. on Men M

in girls evening least the Dressing Cross at Surgical week each to spend Room. for all one carried out Red gift greater Surely program. could no

girls and: Lucille (left camaraderie. picture the are night Slater taken the of was to right) The The girls to Hive than come to your Bee Curtis, Micheel, Gleaners; Jergenson, Jorgenson, Nellie Slater, Shearer, Doris Alta Merna Margaret Golden Gwen

1 la Ashliman, Audrey MacKay, Mary Jane Royer, Gwen Winn, and Muriel King, Sixth Ward Gleaner leader. (Concluded on page 182)

/; / w* 1(0 tk***?*

Ye** voo for

... ZOAI was famous in the N*eW* That "Gov,)se. the as chan hnckback for A.s y

. featured*** we that V\ store the the os West w and o

thot You con \. tn maintain In these times more thanclothesever rf<V, buy WW

IC*A w

MARCH, 1944 181

MUTUAL MESSAGES

(Concluded from page 181 (DjtmvwL have leadership and opportunity to meet GiNum together during the summer months. Deseret Theater Production

tires, gas, rationing of cause may War the food, surely joy but not in and and C\b"'throughoutinterest tothe dramachurch isenthusiaststhe third experience happiness which a camping brings. Juniors, Gleaners, the big sisters offering of the Deseret Theater, Out of

the 1, 2, Frying Pan, presented March girls, of can be a Bee moving Hive you at Theater in the Lyric Salt Lake to in helping sponsor of 3, force some these summer activities. If a father, ask City.

your Bee Hive girl what her symbol is, Director of this fastmoving comedy why she chose it, and have her explain is Edwin H. Lauber, with Becky

DURKEE'S Mayonnaise makes to you the awards on her band. If she Thompson assisting.

better salads, tastier dressings... is going to be an Honor Bee Hive girl In keeping with the plan to afford as

gives new goodness to everyandfor herreceiveachievement.an honor Doaward,not forgetpraise thather manyproduction'sas possiblecast ofplaytwelveexperience,charactersthe

thing you use it with... because such an honor corresponds to becoming includes but three who have been used

it's genuine mayonnaise, made 'an Eagle Scout in her brother organizain previous Deseret Theater performtion. ances: the remaining nine have been

The past few months have been a drawn from the various ward, stake, littime of testing; power and strength untle theater, and other drama groups. The

dreamed of have been revealed. Bee cast for Out of the Frying Pan includes

Hive girls have proved capable of fitting the following: Fae Donna Thornley,

into many situations that in normal Flora Stoker, Margery Sorenson, times would have seemed beyond their Eleanor Postore, Elaine Thorpe, David powers. If the future brings greater Swanson, Omer Morris, Nathan B.

calls, they may still be depended on to Hale. Vernon Lowden, Bart Mitchell,

give full measure of service. Bob Barr, and Glenn Sacos.

THE SPOKEN WORD

(Concluded from page 151 strain him from committing violence, fashion moves toward faith—in learned but you can't stop him from wishing he circles, as well as among laymen. It is could—at least not by any legal baran encouraging note in an otherwise rier, or police surveillance, or physical

dark picture, and we have reason to device. And while we need protection

Nobody Can hopefaith andthat beliefthere maywill becomeas populara day whenand thanfrom this,the outwardand basicviolations,to it, we needyet moreproas fashionable as doubt and skepticism tection from wrongthinking; we need

false motives, against against 9, 1944. protection Stop LOSS—once were.—January evil intent; hearts. disciplined we need

"For,"it is written, "out of the heart

Everybody Can *J-)L5cipuned Jsrearid teries,proceedfornications,evil thoughts,thefts,murders,false witness,adulblasphemies: these are the things which

Avoid It Through ana rf/lnad defile a man...."(Matt. 15:19.20.) Circumspect conduct on conspicuous occaindication of is not necessarily an modified of men is by sions

of circumspect, thought, or innate goodpenalties for provide LIFE INSURANCE HPhe*"lawsconductwhich almost every outward act of evil that ness. It may be merely a deference to

could be named or devised. Whether conventions or appearances. And, the

the real measure real test of civilization, are or not, there on the statute When you come enforced or is not whether of goodness, not we for punishments and books prohibitions here for insurance immorality, theft, drunkenness, bearare fit company in our own solitude.

aggraacts are an immoral Outward violence, duplicity, false witness, you get it, coupled ing society, only but problem in any dealings of every kind vated and dishonorable with attentive, expeand description, notwithstanding which when, as a people, we can come to place and and motives emphasis on thoughts is appallmultiplicity violations of rienced service. This the shall we inward purity, spiritual and of ing. evidences outward And these

is an agency of the an inward condition bring us face to approach a realization of the standards

Utah Home Fire Inmeansface withof physicalthe truthenforcementthat no canpresentprepureset byinhimheart,whoforsaid:they "Blessedshall see areGod."the

surance Co. vent evil so long as the greater ofStrength and safety, peace and abiding

fenses are committed within the minds happiness, lie in purity at the source,

UTAH HOME FIRE ofhearts.men andTherein theis nosecrethumanplacesagencyof theirthat wheredeeds takethoughtsshape—andare bornnotandmerelywherein

the evidence concealing of an outward of legislating has yet devised a means INSURANCE CO. taken already form within. that has against, an act that does act or punishing,

Heber I. Grant & Co. not take physical form. You may deter In short, if a man can't think straight,

that he can assurance there can be no evilspeaking, but from you can't man General Agents a in thinketh live straight, as he "For evilthinking. from stop him You may

Salt Lake City, Utah prevent him from stealing, but you can't heart, so is he."(Proverbs 23:7.)

keep him from coveting. You may reCopyright. 1944.—January 30, 1944.

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"THE FARMALL SYSTEM

ior more than two years this country has been arming, farming, and fighting its way to Victory. American farm

ers are working as they never have worked before to supply all the food that is needed for the nation, for the Armed Forces, and for our Allies. On their farms is more mech-

...and the anized equipment than any other nation

possesses FARMALL fights for FOOD Hundreds of thousands of tractors and all the machines that go with them are a major resource of the United States. They

are proof of the fact that between two world wars this country armed its agriculture.

The foundation of this wartime armor is the farmall system, a way of power farming practiced by more farmers than any other method. The heart of this system is the

sturdy FARMALL Tractor, the prime mover on power jobs throughout rural America. For

twenty years it has been the most popular tractor for one basic reason. The FARMALL

design makes possible the most efficient working units of machines and power for farms of every size and kind.

There will be more new FARMALLS this year, but still not enough to go around. Your

International Harvester dealer will help you work out the most efficient way to raise more of the food that fights for freedom. He's your

supply man for the entire farmall system.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago I, Illinois

Cultivation like this is an outstanding FARMALL job. Notice how the plants, even at

this height, are not damaged by the equipment, yet cultivating is clean as a whistle.

The Ordinal Farmall - Earn in 1923

20th Anniversary of the FARMALL IDEA This is the tractor that was designed at the start as the power half of an implementtractor unit. Every

improvement in 20 years of constant developmenthas increased the efficiency of the implementtractor team. Today the farmall leads because it powers

the most productive mechanized team on farms, BSM everywhere.

MARCH, 1944 183

Wall, San Jose, California; Theodore Earl Aston,

THE CHURCH MOVES ON Smithfield,Heber John Utah;Boehme,LorinGeneva,Roy Oakey,Idaho. Rexburg. Idaho;

Idaho; Pocatello, Shelby Thompson, Fern Southern: Lowell Cowley, Wyoming; Harston, Richard Clive Berry, 159) Alfred Utah; Bentley, Oron page Parowan, from {Concluded Mickelson Bair, Elmer Woods Joseph Utah; Logan, Perry, Tom Arizona. Phoenix, CaliGlendale, Moffatt, 15, Parker Utah; Richard Cross, August born Perry, Luella Marie Lake Salt Bliss Cook, Alden SpanishAmerican: California. Bakersfleld, fornia; Elias Moyes, Albert Jr., at 1943, 24, August1925. Excommunicated Quentin City; Salt Lake Gerrard, Stevens City; Leo Arizona; Duncan, Pace, Grant James Central: North Wilson, Mariatn Morris Idaho; Hale, Oakley, Solomon Stake. Denver Ward,Barnum Bleak Willard Utah; Hanna, VanTassel, Carl M. City; Salt Allen, Lake Elmer Utah; Joseph Ephraim, FairCox, City, K. Clyde Utah; Septembora Knosp, Sterner Cedar Pearl Thompson, Alice Grant Idaho; WoodRexburg, Jensen, Maughan Heber misof (wife Richards Edith view, Mrs. Utah; Dunn November 11, 1913. Excommunicatedber Telford, Robert City; ruff Salt Vernon Lake Heath, Franklin Salt City; George president). Lake sion III, OakBoyle, Franklyn Falls, Idaho; Louis Idaho at Weber Ward, Twentysecond 1943,26, City; Salt president), Lake (mission Richards, Jr.

California. land, RusReuben Kaysville, Glen Utah; Bennett, D. AlanStake.

Idaho; Rigby, WenFoster Chandler, Texas: James Utah; Hill, Payson, Finlayson Earl son, Lehi, Utah; April born Smith, Estella Schwendiman Utah; LaVern Wendell Peterson, dell Hyrum, Jay Utah. Promontory, Stokes, Chester William 31, Jolley, Curtis December William Bunkerville, 1911. Excommunicated24, Nevada; Leavitt, Yost, Loveland. Ardel Holmes California: Northern

CaliBakersville, Earl Hughes, Utah; Robert Tropic, Stake. Fernando at Utah. Burbank, San1943, Stanley Utah; Salem, fornia; Koyle, Owen John Vee Heber Anderson, Victor Charles Northwestern: bora Smith, January Peterson D. Zona California. Oakland, Stewart, Utah; Provo, Anderson, Albert City, George Utah; 31, December 1914. Excommunicated27, City; Salt Lake Blodgett. Pearl Western: May Ellwood Arizona; Richard Eagar, Butler, Karl Nelson

Bear Checketts. City; Marcia Salt Stake. Lake Boyce, Salt Fletcher. Marjory Fernando at Ronald Farrel Utah; Carruth, Burbank,1943, San Ogden,

Idaho; Jacob Crystal, Rigby, River, Reed Utah; Joseph Utah; James Handy, Ogden, City; Brown Lake George

Katherine Idaho; Falls, Arrington, Franklin Twin Gilbert Utah; Melvin Murray, McLachlan, West ReleasedMissionaries BasVern Idaho; Rulon Blackfoot, Lamprecht, RigEckersley Heese Clarence Utah; Randall, North Ogden,

LaLindsay. Lionel Ronald Idaho; tian, Weston. Phoenix, Simons, Marlton City; Major Salt by, Lake during released were following Utah; Prescott, Levi Kamas, William Oregon; Grande, Fairview, Tolman, Wyoming; Arizona; Osborn EdwinTHE

Utah. not Richmond. others Stoddard. Irwin Thompson Charles Leonard Idaho; and 1943, Tyler. Ucon. David December Max

previously reported:

California: J. Reid Burnett, Greenriver, Utah;

WilCity; Elden Salt Lake Mertlich, Arnold Melvin

Chatterton, Milo Idaho; Joseph Malad,liam Wade.

Idaho; Shelley, Peck, Niles Idaho; HowardPreston, PIONEER DIARY

City; WoodSalt Lake Alma Dibble, EugeneArthur

Spencer, Walter Joseph Firth, Idaho; Petersen.row

St. Anthony, ( Continued from page 1 53 the hearts of all the crown'd heads of Davidson, Arthur Idaho; LenoldMalad,

Utah. Ogden, Hadley, Howard GlenIdaho; Br. his wife, request By RichCity; Salt Lake Smith, Richard Leo Canadian: 1848 filler] the dismiss'd Leland Aaron Utah; Grove, Pleasant Swenson,ard M. ofmeet[ing]—sent MEurope.

California. Beach, Long,Poole, Path [er] with eve the for Clara & spent Saturday, January 1 - A dinner party uiciuuiny Utah;

Esther Ethel Nakken, Salt Lake City; Lem Lovell, Oak at Br. Miller's. After dinner, Moth[er] Sessfions].

Newdale, DeRobinson, Millward Utah;City, [ended] fam- 2. Att wish her Sunday, January express'd Idaho; M[iller] arose and Arizona; Charles City, Joseph Peterson, JosephMelvin Whipple's. at Br. The their [ily] meet[ing] in Nevada. proceed to Elko, Carpenter, for the sis[ters]William

Utah; Bountiful. Mason, Central: Wayne James East administer'd. in call'd supper Lord's them blessing, having of order (died Arizona Birtcher, Globe, FranklinBenjamin El- 3. with Supp'd reIdaho; January OrGeneva, husband, Monday, Boehme, of her William field); Clarence the consent in by

George Donald Tropic. Utah; Sr., Colvin, lin Grant Sis. len. pray. to Sis. Sessfions] quested Hadley, Ogden. Francis Rich Idaho; Driggs, Foster,

request, 4. spent Utah; subject Ogden. By January North Tuesday, Hadley, she Judkins said Eunice arose was Utah; & Sessions]

HegerCity; Fred Salt Lake Hailes, WilliamCurzon in Grant's Br. at Jedediah the roof M. her day filler] under while Sis. 6 to Loutensock, William City; Hyrum Salt horst, Lake M Jr.,

in journal up making Arizona; with assisting 6c. Mesa, Palmer, accordance, in Merle City; act Salt my Jay to willing Lake Jr., was

Grant David Arizona; Price, Phoenix, Finity George Winter from the of history I bless'd the Camp arose after pray'd, which 6 She Smith, Anthony George Arizona; Safford, Skinner,

City; Salt Sis. Quarters. Lake Summers, Clifton Idaho;Victor, Sis. by Don was follow'd & M filler] Vergil Clara, Utah; H. Santa Tobler, RalphKenneth till 5. Stayed Sis. January Wednesday, three of Sessions, Holmes, Howd, Barlow, Maurice Edward Safford, Arizona; Allred,

G[rant]'s. at Br. Phoenix, At 2 atafternoon Jr., F. Price. California; of George Gardena, daughters (two whom M[iller]'s

Arizona. Higat Bishfop] meetfing] gift tongues), Love tended] of the rec[eived] Utah; Midvale, Adams, Charles Fenton Hawaiian:

Br. at Heneve Leland bee's. Utah; Cross, Cleverly, present, 4 Wedding Woods Booth Donald brethfren] & Abbott—five City. Salt Lake Don with order in rick's good & remarking Br. spoke, Jackman of whom Utah; Provo, Bert Bandley, Harold England: NewHalverson, of- P. Pfratt] style—goodP[arley]in the Orland Selar Utah; Fork, the in Beck, American intelligence good feelings. RayLyman there that more was

Utah. Eden, Eggleston. Bartlett Bingham. Vernal. Utah; hearts of the sisfters] that aft. than in ficiated. Charles Northern:

&A 20% Saving is CERTAINLY WORTH WHILE!

"When profit margins are close, like in the grocery business, every saving is worth while. When I can

get the strongest and safest capital stock fire insurance that money can buy, on a plan which has returned me 20% on premiums every year... I say it's

a mighty good deal. Why don't YOU look into it?"GENERALINSURANCE CO

OFAMERICA WomeQffice Ask your GENERAL Agent—TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE... AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. INSURANCE FIRST NATIONAL OF AMERICA GENERAL SEATTLE..vHiine Office: H.kiDBK't, President

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

PIONEER DIARY withoutdoctrine saying.that all belongedHe was tofondthe ofLord.the

in inconsistency there no him, was To 6. full the selfishness sacrias Thursday, Spent of to be can so January day for for hall a gathered diverting means

at his fice Taylor's. others'adjusted of the Elder to happiness source He project of greater the to seventies the

for gratify their enthusiastic notions. amusement. ObscuraCamera own temple. the conversationHis very to that Strange shorten seek should any ourinteresting—he

colthat If have been all the funds I want lift this in getting along that the our kingto hascompar'd extended been arm

I to calculate Hall, the Seventies for lected affliction. the Missouri out of River them downdom

expect us need not people them. use The the before snags a Saturday, 5. Att[ ended]on February to raft—wheregoing the circumstances the easy them to give

distance, at Br. Miller's. at beheld meet[ing] a[ahead] seem'd while nations enjoy of Gentile the noblemen

thick & impassable, but a way was Sunday, February 6. The day fine. there is so much for us to do for the public

found to row past them as they ap- P[arley] P. P[ratt] preached on the good. There is more before us at the presproach'd them one by one & when it square. ent time, this year, than will take five to

became dark he always tied up his raft accomplish.*

& lay still till the day dawn'd. To Elder Levi Hancock Consecration offered possibilities, for

Farewell Levi! Brother go forth on your wet. weather ground The 187) on page (Continued is fine—the journey Year's the laws day, read wereNew &

February Lake Tabernacle, In the Salt (Discourse peace pray We'll for your & prosperity,sanction'd for this of the order good 8. 1853 too,

place. Altho'the long distance is tedious & lonely

Saturday, January 8. A young ladies'The Lord God of Joseph will see you safe

meeting at Sis. Howd's. thro'.

at at o'clockKotchner's—meetfing]Monday, January 10. Din'd at Br. [Six fourline stanzas follow] Sisters'10. Thursday, February

Br.which Kfimball] presided—the2 pray'r Smith. for Father meetfing]

is likeweather the spring. op'ning of

11. Friday, Bish[op] February

14. Friday, the eve January Spent this afternoon. Foutz died

at his Br. Noble's of occasion on the 12. Saturday, February Meet[ing]

birthday. at Br. Hendricks'.

Saturday, January 15. This mor[n-

ing] Vilate D. [Kimball] gives birth to Sunday, February 13. Ellen K. gives

a fine daughter. birth to a son.

15. at February Tuesday, Meetfing] birthFriday, January 44th 21. My

Allen's. Br. at Fath[er] Sessions]day—stayed 17. Last night Thursday, Februarylast Sis. visited night having Whitney

like spring. a fine seems rain—it before, thisthe spent with had day &

Friday, mor[ning] 18. This FebruarySis. coffee on pancakes & dayNoble—din'd sheet of the with a ground is covfered] biscuits molasseswith on made & sup'd

Smith's, snow. to Mrs. 6 M. Went flour in the butter, Valley,from ground

tea, dried beef, peachsauce, sweeten'd in comfpany] with Fath[er] & Mothfried cakes & custard pie. [er] Sessions had my patriarchal blessing.

Lines to Elder the Saturday, Jackman 19. Spent on the Death February

of His Wife caps. day I'M EARNING MORE, at Sfessions'], Fath[er] making

20. o'er Children February Sunday, disappointments The 3d time weep

of But the chosen of SO I'M SAVING MORE C[ouncil] trial before the Lord of the High should think the Ne'er dispensations EllsPeirce, the case between Brown, are providence Of his [urFOR THE OPPORTUNSis. Allen died Sat hard. worth & Decker.

[Six fourline stanzas follow] day] morfning], ITIES OF THE FUTURE February 21. Att [tended] Monday,

—visSaturday,[it] Sis.JanuaryHamilton.29. Cold 6 snowy meetfing]stayed with Sis.at Smoot.W[illard] Snow's Work may not always be so

Monday, January 31. Spent the day Tuesday, February 22. One of Br. plentiful... wages as high

at Dilworth's, the eve. at Mothfer] [ranklin] aside today. as put K. So Snow's Shed... twins died—F Smith's.Fath[er] eating suppos'd suddenly, died by dollars your as as... many

Friday, February 4. Celebrated Sis. poisonous vegetables. you can... in a savings acthe carried eve a cap to Moththe to thought be weather coldest webott—inSessions'] birthday with Br. & Sis. AbWednesday, February 23. The count at DESERET FEDERAL. is to $5000 Safety insured by

I[er] Smith which her had yes- I vis[ited] made Valley. in the have had of the permanent agency at a Br. Att[ended] at meet[ing] Sis. Br. Abbott's with Crandall—stayed... States United government struggle, a hard had ions'[ ] we [ er at Fathtferday].Savage's—after

Liberal dividends are comtime.a that good Saints of concluded) Alas be ] (ToSess God

pounded every six months.

$1 will open THE CONSECRATION MOVEMENT your account

Jos. E. Kjar, Alex E. Carr,

( Continued from page 147) tance from the town site. The pooling President Secretary

The establishment of farflung settleof all property under the system of conments over the broad stage of pioneer secration would remove the incentive activities and their defense from the for individual personal aggrandizement.

Indians required the closest kind of coThe support of the Public Works reoperation. The tendency for strong inquired a heavy draft on both labor supDESERET

alone ply resources. Tithesdividualists themselves and to reach out for seemed FEDERAL President inadequate. quite could use land than they Thatand take more S&t/utf* cuuC toon

vision belimited opportunities of mighty works to of those the who Young's ASSOCIATIO N accomplished to sum the comany possible made later, weakenedwere come munity, and placed in jeopardy the lives that might be collected in money or in of those who made habitations at a diskind appear inadequate, goes almost 44 SOUTH MAIN

MARCH, 1944 185 SOLUTION OF FEBRUARY PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Jacob's Dream

dreamed, ladder the behold a the and reachtd—top of it "And he earth, and set up on

"P fi.A R K H o E O R W to heaven: angels of and behold the descending ascending 28:12. and God on it. "-—Gen. 1 1 E A E A c o L N D 1 $

1 A N G D $ WMm R -R S V A A | E $

1 A E H M & V R ji E & 1 A T A Y H c E N M A $3 E, -R A L R N E W M U M T R A "l"kS N 1 P S

1 N S T O H k jA B1 0 c"D A R E N T Wi E &M $ 1 R E -R A A K R R 1 bS

1 A A A A D V L N E w

T </ E N N E R $

1 V E S N W C A 1 H 1 C A $ V o N X E T T L EjJl A N

CZ=>OC=30< >o<r—>o< >o<ttt>o< >o<

improvement

Cra, vtbicnbefi

The ERA gives you much of the beet current CHURCH LITERATURE. Within its coters you find each month auACROSS

thoritative material written or 1 Subject of this puzzle 32 Sinai was one spoken by our church leaders. 9 "the top of it reached to..."33 Left hand

11 "this is the... of heaven"35 Unfolds

what Has it occurred to you of king Midian 14 A 37 "Jacob vowed a..."Gen. 28: 20 Num."31: 8

... 15 "And hated Jacob theology, priceless Note 38 gems of

18 Spoken Nickel 39 poetry downto-earth gosand 19 friend of Russia; lore City in David 1 Kings 1: 8 40 (anag.) A in the yearby- have pel you 20 educationist American in Valley 42 which David

year volumes of this maga21 Famous Bible illustrator 1 Sam. 17: 19 killed Goliath

zine? 22 "and poured... upon the top of it"45 Away

Gen. 28: 18 48 Belgian French (abbr.)

Why not preserve them for 23 Central state 49 Turn about your future reference and your 25 Chemical suffix 50 Purpose fiery thee a serpent, "Make and Clip set it 51 children's edification? We urge 27. a. upon 21: 8."Num. dreamed, 53 he "And and behold a...

you to do so. Article 29 the earth"on set up

30 "the name of that city was called... 56 Dialect of Eastern Assam

at the first"Gen. 28: 19 57 "And Jacob went out, and

Single volumes (12 numbers) bound 31 Mark was one went toward Haran"in durable, attractive, blue cloth DOWN binding, stamped in gold $2.25 2 Jacob built this Gen. 35: 7 26 "Thy... shall be called no more

each plus postage. 43 ExclamationIt was here that Israel sang, "Spring 27 "heJacob,took butof Israel"the stonesGen. of32:that28 place,

his for forTen or more volumes at one time 5 Gideonup, O said,well "wherewith"Num. 21: shall16 I... 28 Whatand Jacobput themhad 27 down..."

$2.00 each plus postage. Israel?"Judg. 6: 15 34 It was on the way to this place that

6 507 Jacob had his dream 7 Note 36 "And this stone, which I have set for

Bring them in or mail them to us 8 Esau became this of Jacob a..."

shall "then the be Lord Gold my..."43 NOW! 1011 "because the... was set"41 David's eldest brother 1 Sam. 16: 6

.".. 12 "and, lo, sheaf my 44 "Yet are they turned about with a very

13 "and the... shall melt with fervent small..."Jas. 3: 4

heat"2 Pet. 3: 10 45 "the leaf shall..."Jer. 8: 13

asses"5: 10 white.. on Judg.

part the tenth an of an... isJha *JJe6eret If (ew6 j-'re65 1617 Continent"and behold the... of God"4746 "Now".

23 City of Egypt Jer. 46: 25 ephah "Ex. 16: 36

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 24 "And he called thethe namename ofof that 52 Genus of grasses place..."54 Fifth month of Jewish year

>n < >o < >n< ><x >Qgr—>fl<—-\a* g 55 Recording Secretary

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CONSECRATION MOVEMENT

(Continued from page 185) Valley without complying. Later he exit definitely placed at the command of perienced a change of 8 heart and madethe church everything beyond current a partial consecration. A SKEPTIC

subsistence.

Tn accounting for the comparativelyTt must be reiterated with some degree limited response to the call to conDISCO VERS of emphasis that the considerations secrate, it may be taken for granted that thus far outlined cannot alone account some took alarm at President Young's for the consecration movement of the vigorous statements from the pulpit. Hemiddle 'fifties. They help us to underwas not a man to mince words. AnMormonism

stand why the attempt occurred at that noyed by the slowness of response to time rather than at some other. The the appeal to debtors of the Emigrating The experiences, testimony and

principle itself, of which the experiment Fund, he scolded church debtors roundreasoning of a young convert.

we are discussing was an attempted aply. The Gospel Story told in unusual

plication, of the fundamentals one was I tired eternally are of... style, men who am but in a way that interests

in the outlined system revelations in the their taking brethren gouging advantage and every reader. theof Prophet Smith time of the to them, Joseph at pretending and insame and

spired the efforts to establish a new sobe Saints.* A book you will like to read a

cial order in Jackson County, the moveCertainly men of the kind referred to, second and a third time. It will

for consecration period in thement viewpoint and afford your their pretensions, unwhatever not broaden would der discussion, and the United Order for thinking constructive place all their at food for possessions the disinaugurated Presidentmovement by the posal of church. to come. years in 1874.Young apostle inlimited explained the An Consecration, out, pointed have we terest in consecration saying that by of high all our students "I wish first the in step utilize to plan awas indifferent President about Young was could have colleges schools andall the resources energies economic and it; is, that in the though obhe saw J. RONcopy."to access DAN ain the service the of cause. common servance principle the of safeguard a Stake. Pres., Uvada NOW, step transsecond theThe was against temptation, * the * thought * he memfer to consecrated, him had of a who bers the exercise greatest must freedom on comment given "I have my land, ofstewardship household goods, in matter. choice of the speaker The sending a chapter and am each tools;implements, necessarily, not and that the observed youth were more of to each my of your book copy probably, the properties verybut origto consecrate ready those than older varitheir all, to in nine children, 10inally final step, reconsecrated. The faith. in This, the course, of be may country."the throughout homes ous oftener, annuallypeated or surthe was explained the relative of by amounts Utah. Tremonton. L, A. COOK, allrender the to of of agent an church * * * little held. property having Those would resultingthe surplus the from operation

little sure to that inget as a back be very book your found "I have the stewardship.of stewardship, it there a and explains chance was because teresting, and

I, in noted Part Februhave We that get they out might of the unusual more an in such Mormonismary Era, that in period page 80, the

I is It surpluses betterto-do. of the manner, probunderstood easily and first the stepunder taken review was of it that able held the in the because back to some home like see would

all of individuals told hundredsby Estransferred Branch. the trusteein-trust deeds to in the family every transfer of deeds recordedwhose were

I to be like instead of to the in copy bishop a as provided would pecially of nearly eight years. a periodover boys Saint revelations. Latterday the as to doubt our many or sent No

it will the table be observedFrom Forces."in influenced the Armed contrariwise, be would that more are who

practically termithe movement was Sheridan Pres. depending the degree PARTRIDGE, of C. confidence on W.

in 1 858. recordingsnated been have No Mission. States of inspired Western their bishops. respective Branch by

found in the period 18591861 and only * * * in 1862. generoustwo should expect to find in Making allow- "VJCTe the record simply, so have presented "You

forances of deeds recorded the number instructions * "somewhere from glorious Presin so beautiful a form the in counties where records are missing, ident Young concerning the use of truths of the Gospel I wish to say, it is apparent that the total number of property and of income from property, "Thank You.'Though we order expeople recording is a relatively small title to which had been transferred to tra copies above our orders we

part of the seven thousand heads of the trusteein-trust. According to the cannot keep a copy. Many boys,

families residing in Utah in 1858. revelations and the interpretation given sailors about to depart just must

The results must have been disapto them by such authorities as Orson have one. Even theirs are always

pointing to President Young. They conPratt, the transfer of title to the church loaned out."MRS. ALMA W. DOW,

firmed the judgment of Apostle Orson should have been followed by a formal Vallejo, Cal.

* * * of all or part the property, of or SaintsPratt that the of return were worshipers8 other, as a stewardship of some gentile to bethe of property. god Orson Pratt OF GOOD AN AMBASSADOR

was the strongest advocate of the prinused first to supply the needs of the WILL that meets with enthusiasm ciple of consecration and frequently exmember and his family and next to supwherever it goes, but written expounded it from the pulpit and in the port the work of the church. In the abpressly for boys in the Armed

press. Of his own attitude he said, "I sence of action by an agent of the Forces and for Missionary work.

long for the time to come when I can church to take control and designate a * * * consecrate everything I have got; all portion or the whole as a stewardship, SOLD ON APPROVAL and guarthe cattle I have;... also my books and the donor would stand in the relationanteed to please or you may rethe right and title I have to publish my ship of steward or manager for the turn it. 200 pages, cloth bound,

of that formerly which he also apparel wearingworks; and church copies or more pos- $1.50 per copy. Two 7 my his sessed, and duty to place be it would before This was in 1854, $1.25 each. addressmy houses."to same

the standard form of deed had been all surplus income at the disposal of his made available. Not every apostle was bishop. Assuming that he did so, it is

turned doubtful if the surplus in to enthusiastic.equally Orson Hyde conthe TIMBERLINE RIGGS

[Concluded 188) on page negligentfesses that and at first he was had departed on his mission to Carson eIbid., IV, p. 21415, December 21. 1856 Overton, Moapa Valley, Nevada

Journal of Discourses, III, pp. 5-6 (September 16,

Journal of Discourses, II, pp. 259266 1855) Ubld.. II. pp. 259266 10Lorenzo Snow, Journal of Discourses, V, p. 565 m0mmmtmmmm0Ktmmm

MARCH, 1944 187.!

THE CONSECRATION MOVEMENT The HOT DRINK {Concluded [com page 187) not see that we are coming to where tithing or the Lord will make us consecrate?""for all the family bishop would exceed the tenth which the member was accustomed to pay. "Needs"normally outTn the minds of those unfamiliar with

run income. the history of land titles in Utah a

No evidence has been found to inquestion may arise as to the steps taken dicate that Brigham Young or any other to restore title to the donors named in church official ever issued instructions the deeds of consecration. The answer

concerning its further disposal to those is, no action was necessary. Until the

who consecrated their property. That land laws of the United States were

some of those who consecrated held for made applicable to the Utah Territory a time a different attitude toward their in 1869, lands were held only by squatpossessions from that previously held ter's right. Failure of the trusteein-

is evident in their practice of including trust to take possession of the real in transfers of title to real property the property described in the deeds of conROASTEDSOY BEANS statementconsecrated.thatButit evenhad beenthis reminiscentpreviously secrationthe same leftlegalthepositionconveyorsas beforein exactlythe

CEREALS* FIGS* HONEY allusionments ofwastransfer.soon dropped from docudeedsunder werefederalexecuted.laws in 1869TitlesandperfectedsubseAs an explanation of the failure of quently, became primary, obliterating

President Young to formulate a proall other claims. In regard to personal

gram for the control and use of conproperty like heifers, beds, and watches,

Gaining favor through its secrated properties, I suggest: transfers of title to the trusteein-trust

( 1 ) That any practicable program did not interrupt the use of the articles flavor for 10 yearsY Good would have had to recognize the bishops by the original possessors.

first step in the the plan of for you and GOOD, too asYoungoverseerswas ofquickpropertyto seeandwhatPresidentmight consecrationSince taken a relatively was by happen under weak or incompetent small number of the Saints and the secmanagement. third could all, the not taken at ond was

( 2 ) That response to the call for the rather Tithing than not be observed.

consecration of property, being neither total surpluses continued to be the general nor wholehearted, made subchief source of church income. But, the

sequent steps inadvisable. whole movement for the observance of

(3) That conflict with the federal the principle of consecration turned out government soon came to occupy all the to be a commendable gesture on the time and energies of the church leaders. part of those who accepted it, a testi-

A new type of consecration was called mony of their faith and of their willingfor. Speaking of the approach of Johnness literally to lay all they possessed

ston's army in 1 857 Brigham Young upon the altar.

said, "I suppose a few have urged upon the brethren to consecrate, but do you Deseret News, October 18, 1857

ARCHAEOLOGICAL DISCOVERIES

{Concluded from page 145) lands that had at one time been suin its day, as the book of Ezekiel testipreme in the history of the world and fies, and in the twentyeighth chapter which were moulding forces of human it is written: "Thou hast been in Eden story, passed almost entirely out of the

the garden of God; every precious stone thought and memory of civilized man.

was thy covering, the sardius (ruby), We know from our Bible the names of topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the Nineveh, Egypt, Babylon, Assyria, onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the Phoenicia, Persia, and Arabia; and the

emerald, and the carbuncle and gold."palaces and hanging gardens of Nebu-

A peculiar legend assigned to the diachadnezzar. These nations in their glory

mond in olden times was that it quickare part of our earliest and unforgetened love between man and maid, and table impressions of history, for the men restored affection between husband and who wrote the prophecies of the Old wife. Testament did so when these lands were

glory. their living the of at height and

that the firmament above "And was. fall rise of the witnessed Co Asand Vl/herever ofhey their the likeness over heads a They of was

syria and Chaldea; Babylon they and throne, as the of sapphire appearance a Office Fleet Post c/o the final of grandeur ruin knew of and is It stone."possible that the sapphire Calif. Francisco, San Sidon. and Dr. Tyre saw,"as "They is oldest the stone jewel known. This

Dear Editor: has ever symbolized the azure of heavJames Baike has so eloquently written,

rise "the of under Babylon Nebuchaden. of speaks the I Milton firmament in time spent the During which

its lived in the midst and of living sapphires,"in nezzar, "glowing with and I the that assure combat, can you all splendors beheld and pass them the that of read book Exodus when we in giving did untold Era wonders Isaiah of away."prophecy The came elders the the into and Moses went up It it to through. see courage me to pass the he wrote: "Babylon when to worship, mountains the they say God of before as stood symbol a me glory of the kingdoms, of Chalbeauty Israel, his feet, "there of under and was fighting right are shall excellency what as dees be we when God for—the it as were, of a sapphire a paved work

It live to to correct. overthrew and Gomorrah. as be Sodom know we

stone."shall inhabited, neither shall it never be Lt. L. B. Brown, USMC in generation to generabe dwelt from There are few things more remarkable than the way in which Biblical tion."

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CHURCH WELFAREAN OPPORTUNITY

(Continued from page 141 ) both. Surely family pride and honor

The state public relief expenditure in will prevent our turning our loved ones

Utah in 1942, when we were riding the out upon public welfare charities to be crest of the greatest prosperity boom in cared for by strangers and political our history, is reported to have been hirelings.

282% more than it was in 1936, when Paul, the apostle, writing to Timothy, we were just coming out of the depressaid:

sion. This ever mounting load, with a... if any provide not for his own, and

constantly increasing number of our specially for those of his own house, he people looking to public relief for sushath denied the faith, and is worse than an tenance, will, unless checked, reach a infidel. (I Tim. 5:8.)

breaking point. And finally, the Lord

has told us to take care of our own, The Priesthood Quorums and we do not propose to evade the

Hp'HEcommission. plan welfare The church A opportunitypriesthood ingroupsthe rehabilitationhave a greataffords the opportunity for to us fully

discharge it, and at the same time to phase of this welfare work. Take ancombat these souland characterde- elders'quorum for example—ninetysix

stroying practices. The church welfare men bound together as a fraternal unit

way is, insofar as may be possible, for in God's perfect scheme of government, everyone to become and remain selfeach holding the priesthood of the living sustaining, not only to a certain age God and each aglow with a fraternal interest love other and in every member life.but of mortal to the end divine The

his quorum. of one or more When is, "In of the sweat face of thycommand

shalt thou eat bread, till thou return the ninetysix are in distress, how easy unto the ground."(Gen. 3:19. Italics it would be for the other ninety odd to

added. ) carry the load until the distressed are

back on their feet through the help of

The Family's Opportunity all. It is not the place of the quorum to

substitute for the bishop in the storeThe individual having done what he house program. Its function is to recan to sustain himself, the family comes habilitate distressed quorum members During the current war, the

to the aid of its own. Long before the by providing means and guidance to Salt Lake Tribune acknowlturn of the the century, selfsustaining, as lawmakers them of make also to edges with pride the citastatutes into the living wrote of theUtah raise the standard of members

state having but a meager sustenance by imtions it has received for its efto the contributions war their a earning capacity. proving Once

shall poor person Every be unable who fort. of the interest to its addition has felt comIn quorum member into livelihood earn of a consequence any

allehis in this his brethren manner, the of presentation plete infirmity, idiocy,bodily or other lunacy unavoidable cause, shall be supported by the giance to the quorum may thereafter be news, the Salt Lake Tribune father, grandfathers, depended upon. mother, grandmothers, has devoted as much as 30children, grandchildren, brothers and sisters

of such poor person, if they or any of them The Bishop's Storehouse Program per cent of its space to the be of sufficient ability. (91-0-1, Utah Code great public appeals of

as a sequenceAnnotated, 1943, Vol. 5, p. 344.) Finally—and to what wartime. has written above been with reference

today. unrepealedThis law remains the It to the family, and letters of from its the Scoresis the divine with in harmony command priesthood bishthe individual,quorum—through appreciation voice readers the of thunderingsdeclared amidst ops'storehouse the program, welfare

Sinai, "Honor thy father and thy mothplan provides the opportunity for every for this great public service.

er, that thy days may be long upon the church member, who will accept it and The armed forces, the Treasland which the Lord thy God giveth in the spirit thereof participate therein, ury Department have addreiteratedthee"and (Ex. 20:12), by to selfsustaining the within become ed their official commendathe 10:19.) Master. This com- (Mark itself until program employed he can be aid. tion for extraordinary than something a more meansmand in private industry his established or in

for one's of respect mouthingpious business. This is done own by developIn these acknowledgments, requires therewithparents. Compliance ing projects welfare each person where the Salt Lake Tribune finds of theythe maintenance them when receive suited to his employment may

stand in need of succor. capacity. The production, preservaadequate compensation for

Jesus condemned in his day the tion and distribution of the annual a service performed in recscribes and Pharisees, who condoned church welfare budget affords the opognition and acceptance of the practice of children refusing to care portunity for the establishment of such its community and patriotic for their parents on the excuse that the a wide variety of these projects as to responsibility.

means of support within their control provide employment for almost every was "an intended gift to God,"charging person capable of doing any kind of them with thereby making "the comwork. In instances where needed emmandment of God of none effect."ployment cannot be thus supplied, other

(Matt. 15:1-6; see Jesus the Christ, projects are to be developed, so that

Talmage, pp. 351-2, and Note 3, pp. everyone in the program may be em366-7.) ployed.

Natural love and affection ought to By the efforts of all, life's necessities induce us to render to our blood kinsfor all will be made available, and each men such assistance as will preclude participating person will be in fact selftheir becoming objects of public charity, sustaining. His needs in cash and comwhether that assistance be the necesmodities, as determined by himself and

sities of life or understanding, symhis bishop, with the help and advice of pathetic encouragement and counsel, or ( Continued on page 1 90.MARCH, 1944

CHURCH WELFAREAN OPPORTUNITY

{Continued from page 189) chase of land, machinery, and livestock, the ward Relief Society president, will and that his farming methods were not be supplied from the fast funds and the the best. With the help of the commitbishops'storehouse, which the recipient tee, he revamped his program. Some of

himself has helped to produce. Should the machinery was returned for the debt

he live beyond his years of actual proagainst it, and in its place machinery duction, his record of loyal service will belonging to quorum members was entitle him to the continued care and made available to him. Some of the

tender solicitude of his brethren and livestock was sold. Enough financial

sisters in the fold of Christ. They will assistance was rendered from quorum

not fail him in life, and in death he shall funds to secure an extension of time not be forgotten. from his creditors. With the help of his

advisers he improved his farming methCatching the Vision ods. Today he is a prosperous man,

almost out of debt.

A llareovercatchingthe church,the visionmen andof thewomenopof Inan anotheruntrainedelders'commonquorum,laborerthe wasfamilyin portunities afforded by church welfare. constant need because he had intermitMany persons are able to care for themtent work only. His quorum, seeking a

selves who have accepted public gratuipermanent solution to his problem, ties solely because they have been paid the tuition and sent him to a trade taught that they are entitled to them. school. The bishop cooperated and,

Some members of this group, under the from fast funds and the bishops'storeinfluence and in the spirit of the welfare house, cared for the family. He finished

plan, are giving up the dole and experihis school a skilled craftsman and, with encing joy and happiness in their rethe whole quorum constituting an active turn to independence. One brother exemployment committee, was soon

pressed himself as feeling that he could placed in profitable employment. He

again take his place as a man among has since been wholly selfsustaining.

men. In the budget production and bishAn increasing number of families are ops'storehouse program, opportunities

caring for their own. Early in Decemfor work have been afforded on each

ber 1943, we learned of two sons who of more than 405 agricultural, 600 liveinduced a county welfare board to restock, and 95 manufacturing and procfuse to grant their mother "old age asessing projects.

'THIS month we are asked to consistance."She desired to relieve them One stake with a membership of but

her, for of caring but they of the burden with $3,300.00 in 1943, 1,231 raised,

declining in her her tribute our share to the two hunpreferred to honor land acres of 100 they acquired which dred million dollar Red Cross War years. with an adequate water right, to be opthe case another where of profor the project welfare as a erated We know

all family, of large rather of aFund. This means you, me—everymembers the budget stake's part of the of duction

one! Today there are nearly eleven whom are in very ordinary circumand to provide employment for parscattered throughstances widely and program. in welfare the ticipators

million khaki or wearing blue men for States, years the have out United approximately of stake another In their of part necessary the contributed that only the Cross operatmen Red can to in addition population, 3,000 to the living sending each mother's by a projects, welfare agricultural five ing in overwatch emergencies. Could allowsmall brother monthly eldest to during 1943 carried on was campaign

of occasion has them one ances. no On richacquire the care they deny themyou to so with which raise $12,000.00

scarceportion, his for and been asked members church place to which land only deserve? to it. Give the generously failed to ly send ever one has the from unemployed return they when

Red Cross War Fundi A report compiled early in 1943 armed forces and the war industries.

largely that through Melchizeshowed who, bishop call one to mind We activities priesthood some quorum dek welchurch of vision the caught having Is This Advertisement selfsus- families 471 been have made A five members taken already fare, has their brethren. help the taining of by the Contribution to Victory assistance"made and by "old age from

tailors, farmers, barbers, Included were welfare the within selfsustaining them printcobblers, grocers, cabinet makers, plan. laborers, ers, photographers, mechanics, bakers and truckers. The following New, Yet Old

incidents will illustrate the methods used. /hurch welfare is new, yet old. It A tailor was without work and withwas in 1936 that the first presidency,

out capital. The members of his quounder the inspiration of the Almighty,

rum each advanced $10.00 and accepted organized the general church welfare

repayment in services. The money thus committee, authorized the organization

raised set him up in business. The recof stakes into regions, and directed the

ommendations of his brethren, together setting up of what has come to be with his competent services, brought known as the church welfare plan. The

him work. He now earns a comfortable underlying principles and objectives,

living and has completely repaid the however, are new only in the sense that loan. each principle of the gospel is new to

In another quorum, a member was a person when he first discovers it.

about to have the mortgage on his farm They must have been taught by Jesus foreclosed. An investigation by a comto his apostles in the meridian of time,

mittee from his quorum revealed that he for shortly after his crucifixion they put had overextended himself in the purthem into practice (Acts 4:3235), and

CHURCH WELFAREAN OPPORTUNITY

to the Prophet Joseph Smith the Lord They had all things common among them;

revealed them. ( See D. & C. sections 42, therefore there were not rich and poor, bond

51, 70, 78, 82, 83, 85, 90, 92, 96, and and free, but they were all made free, and 104.) partakers of the heavenly gift. (IV Nephi

On the two occasions when upon this 3.)

earth nearest to living men have come

It is the mission of the church in this fulness,the in its gospel the objectives have been reached. last dispensation to develop another

The first occasion was in the days of peoplefulness. whoTheyshallareliveto theestablishgospela innewitsEnoch

Zion, and they shall flourish and be

The Lord came and dwelt with his people blessed upon the mountains and upon they in righteousness. dweltand And shall the the places. high the be They

blessed the land, blessedLord they were and call people, Lord's he shall them and the the mountains, highupon and upon places, and did flourish. And the Lord called Zion. They shall walk with God behis people Zion, because they were of one cause they shall be of one heart and one

heart and one mind, and dwelt in righteousmind, and they shall dwell in righteousness; and there was no poor among them. ness and there shall be no poor among

(Moses 7:1518.) them.

The second occasion was during the The welfare plans is one of the avefirst and second centuries of the Chrisnues along which the church is moving tian era, following the personal ministry toward its glorious goal. God help us

of the resurrected Jesus among the to see in it the opportunities to obey the Brighcrm Young the Colonizer,

Nephites. Of that occasion the record divine command, "Thou shalt love thy by Dr. Milton R. Hunter, is a visays: neighbor as thyself."vid, inspiring account of the

Mormon period of empire building. Here's you'll want a book EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS finis till the to read last page

[Concluded from page 161 ) from God. Such laws have the divine ished.

do not abrogate man's free agency. Instamp. All such laws together compose

stead, they are really statements of the orderly system under which we may cause and effect. They are laws based win the happiness of progress. The In the following list, check the books you

upon eternal relationships of universal commandments issuing from the mouth want for your home library, fill out the coupon, mail this advertisement to us. Your order are into and laws welfare for human Godforces, which, if obeyed, lead men into of

shipped will be to you promptly. all laws, natural other which or manjoy.eternal

Divine commandments exemplify the made, may be fitted. Contrariwise, any The Gospel Kingdom $2.25

relationship between man and God. law which does not contribute to man's By John Taylor

Man is under the watchful care of his permanent joy is of the evil one. The Gay Saint $2.50

Father. Since, under the plan, man is Conformity to law, whether natural, By Paul Bailey

on earth with limited senses, God lights human, or divine, makes allies of all D Sam Brannan and the California Moruniversalthe to joy with knowledge beyond way man. A manforces,mayandconformbrings freedomto naturalto mons By Paul Bailey $1.75the unaided capacity In that of man.

roaring $2.50 the confine mountain and D For This My Gloryspirit the commandments of God should law By Paul Bailey stream it pass through and a dymakebe viewed.

Many divine commandments are not namochines.to Therelight hisis nohomeotherandtruerun freedomhis maThis Day andBy AlwaysRichard L. Evans i. $1.50

fully understood by man. For example, Unto the Hills $1.50 that obedience than which comes from

necessary is baptism the form ofwhy By Richard L. Evans to law, the other to law. Opposition on

obedience to win entrance into the hand, however small, brings partial or Gospel Standards $2.25

church of Christ? The symbolism we complete destruction. Certainly he will By Heber J. Grant

in part; butmay comprehend why In the Gospel Net $1.25 his lose freedom. in bondage this be and He

rather another should thanmethod have By John A. Widtsoe of the the stand in moving may way

for chosen, remain, the presbeen must Evidences Reconciliations 1.85 and will his D locomotive, to but J run be over

ent, in the divine mind. Therefore, in death. By John A. Widtsoe

dealing with laws of God, faith must All this has been well set forth in Signs of the Times $1.25

be used. But no commandment of God sacred writings: By Joseph Fielding Smith

requires a blind faith. A faith built inWay to Perfection $1.25

telligently accepts commandments, or Ye shall know the truth, and the truth By Joseph Fielding Smith laws of God, on the basis of established shall make you free. (John 8:32.) Brigham Young the Colonizer $3.00

I verily again, unto say And you, that By Dr. Milton R. Hunterknowledge and experience.

is is also preserved governed law which by

Every word, commandment, or law by law and perfected and sanctified by the inissuing the roots from God law, breaketh divine same. a which That WHILE STOCKS ARE and ORDER NOW

endlessplan for man's joy abideth developand law, but to seeketh AVAILABLE become not by itself, in sin, to willeth a and abide unto law for good.ment. man's are They ModCO. BOOKCRAFT sin, in altogether abideth and cannot the matterern revelation has made State, be THE1465 South City 4, Salt Lake Utah sanctified justice, law, neither mercy, by by the send Please books checked above. spiritclear: are commandments "My judgment. Therefore, nor remain they must

$ or orderual; natural Check temporal, nor are money not they

still. filthy 88:3435.) (D.GC. enclosed. sensual."neither (D. carnal nor & C. Please send C.O.D.

29:35.) The commandments of God At last when the promise of the ages

must ever be viewed with reference to has been consummated, NAME the plan of salvation for humankind. ADDRESS

However we may classify the laws glory... theshallLordbeshalluponbe inthem,theirandmidst,he willand hisbe

under which we live, natural or human, their king and their lawgiver. (D. & C. 45: Tour orders will receive immediate attention.

they all proceed, if founded in truth, 59.)

MARCH, 1944 Your and

Red Cross Appeal During March the American Red Cross will raise its 1944

War Fund. A goal of $200,000,000 has been set. This

must be met if the Red Cross is to continue its work on an undiminished scale. Let's give!

Patriotism Sergeant: "So, you complain about finding sand in your

soup, eh?"Rookie: "Yes, sir."

Sergeant: "Did you join the army to serve your country, or

to complain about the soup?"

Rookie: "To serve my country, sir—not to eat it!"

Eureka, Utah Dear Editors:

can always find material for special assignments in WEchurch activities within the pages of the Era.

Leona T. Witt

Avalon, Catalina Island Dear Editors:

so that the February, 1943, copy Improvement Era of The the B. Brown, entitled, read the article AI mightboy from the church of the Latterday Saints handed me by Hugh "To

Girls Behind the Men Behind the Guns."I want to express my high respect for the writer and his Q article. The message was right to the point and persuasively,**Bmm%

written. Such a message ought to be in every church paper;

yes, in the magazines of national coverage.

May I suggest putting that article in tract form and making it available for girls everywhere. [This was done some months Ovid, Idaho

ago. Ed.] Dear Editors:

Wahlquist Laurain M.

Chaplain U.S.M.S. will be seventysix in June and read the Era since its first

<$, I issue. Mrs. Emma W. Porter

Prince Rupert, B.C., -#-

Dear Editors: Canada

California Angeles, Los I just the the just of read conference and number Era have Editors: Dear I gratitude to to those so express have worked had who my

to the it continues importhe.Era play and hope enjoy this to magazine. hard make WE leaders bringing role into tant from our home, of church I their grateful for the the of to Branch Toronto members am

this forth. there been time small Since a very have boy I was others, sending, to to in thoughtfulness not only but who me

are in the service, the spiritual guidance found in the Era. It few issues of the Bra I have missed. I remember finding several

is just the same as receiving a letter from each member personyears'issues in a barrel in Grandfather's attic storeroom when ally and it has been a source of pleasure as well as giving me I was a lad, and of sitting up there day after day, by the single fargreater strength to try to live as God would have us live. window, perusing them, reading "The Voice of the Intangible"

The church truly anticipates the needs of each and every and other serials and short stories. Those issues helped to mold

one of us. my love for church literature, and I have never forgotten them.

Your brother, Cordially yours,

Russell Davies, G.N.R. Weston N. Nordgren

Dear Editors:

Exemplary articles in Conduct pictures associated appearing your and magaThe service holding enjoying zine meetings and showing men fallen arches, Life at 40, begins and so lumbago, do bad all believe fraternity of to lead our a spirit might some tell boys eyesight, the to the tendency to a story and same person if desire. fellowship they opportunity the for worship and have three times. or four

While such a condition would be ideal it cannot be, due to the demands of a global war. Personally, the last Mormon service Risky Landing

I attended was thirteen months ago in the City of Brisbane,

Australia. Since then, as far as I can determine, I have not met "It must be wonderful to be a parachute jumper. I suppose

a single member of our church. you've had some terrible experiences?"

terrible. miss, "Yes, Why, the contact with the only church about been has Era As the once"I came down where there

grass.'off the a sign, 'Keep it all this time, so was perhaps can realize during means you why

said, in effect, to has need not me. Someone so much much "We

is As Advertised reminded."splendid taught magazine as to be Your to be

my monthly reminder of the blessings in store for all faithful "Griggs and his wife are not getting along very smoothly,

Latterday Saints. I feel sure that thousands of others must I hear,"said Brown to Smith.

feel this way. "No,"replied Smith, "and you can't wonder at it. He married

Sincerely, a girl that looked like a magazine cover, and then expected her

T/Sgt. Grant P. Grandy to work like a cookbook."

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

will you sell toWHO...when it's over?

Do you see today's "seller's market"as an opportunity to make the best possible selling connections both now and for the years ahead? In line with this thought, you'll

be interested in how we Safeway people do business..

AS YOU LIKELY KNOW, we 4.We are opposed to using farm the country to give producers

selling to cost below them started out in a is, buyers. cases And in manyJXgrocers—whoSafeway people are retail products as "loss leaders -that close personal contact with our into store. lure customers the to thesesmall way and have grown are companies operating

serve consumers consistently farmers pay in 24 states 5.Weand 5 Canadian provinces. their sheds for or more local—receivingso you cananddeliverpackingin as much

products than they can get smaller quantities instead of elsewhere. having to ship in carlots.

An improved buying setup for 1944

You'll be interested in a recent step we've taken to further streamline buying operations.

Under our new plan, we've separated buying and distribWhy we can afford to pay uting functions. Each of our

This means we need a large buying divisions, now identitop prices always volume of farm products to sell in our stores. Moreover, Our ability to pay the producer

close to a third of all our top prices is due to the Safecustomers are farmers. Both way method itself. For 27 years

as producers and customers, we Safeway people have been you farmers are mighty imsimplifying and improving portant to us. You always methods of distributing foods.

have been, and always will be. We have cut out unnecessary

steps needless in expenses andIn 1938 published we Our distinctive a by company foods getting to producer fromPledge in Marketing. Farm as Easwest Prodfiedname—such consumer. greater This effiHere's gist of the what we Co., uce Interstate Co., Egg ciency to has saved benmoney stillsaid it's our farm then—Co., Cheese so and alike. on efit grower consumer andpolicy today. in certain buying—specializesSuperior efficient the Today more us. kinds of for products farm don't or operate any own1. We distribution food sysSafeway

farms—or compete with farmThese companies buy exclutem is a great national asset.

ers in the production of agrisively for retail stores. Safeway or peace, everybody In war cultural products. follow the Safeway They polbenefits straightest the posby

icies just you've read above. sible to market. road regularly. buy never We2.We collect don't commissions, speculate in or They products farm it over. believe Think We allowances brokerage. or off in the "stay market"an find you'll it will you to do pay

attempt to get better prices. The regional offices of these business with Safeway today

the long haul.3.We don't subsidize. We've nevvariouspanies areSafewaybeing buyingspread comover and for

er believed in the practise of financing certain farmers and Using this to force prices down. LAY AWAY A BOND TODAY TheSAFEWAYneighborhood grocery stores

I Rill

In a world of plunging unrest—

in storm, wind, and darkness—

the lighthouse stands firm/ its foundations bedded deep in the

rock.

When life's storms are at their worst, insurance is the dependable

source of protection against poverty

and want

msS0x:.:<: ''wm>w".

funwii*

iiiiMMei/ fill Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City. Utah