I /

Jz& I

i

>mi TBW r

I

'Mm -W.& A GREAT UNIVERSITY

With all the friendliness And attention Of a small college

And in this big school there is a place for you. Brigham Young University, one of the great uniStudents live in familysized groups in comfortable versities of the world, offers finest education in 58

residences; a hundred organization's are open to all; departments. Students come from every state and

a large faculty gives personal attention; the three BYU many foreign countries, and because of superior trainStakes with 26 wards are made up entirely of students. ing are in demand over the nation. They study on this

Thus BYU gives all the advantages of a big university, fastgrowing, beautiful campus with finest facilities yet all the friendliness and attention of a small college. and staffed with an outstanding faculty trained in a

Put yourself in this picture—there is a place for you. hundred universities and colleges.

. CLIP AND MAIL

TO: Public Relations Department Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me free of charge additional information about Brigham Young University. Brigham Young

I am especially interested in UNIVERSITY PRO VO-U TA H Name Address

City Zone State.

Let these "talking cookies"entertain your family.:.':.'and party guests with gems of wit & wisdom

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Growing Reefs

Holes bored to 1346 and 2556 feet in the Bikini atoll in the Pacific

Ocean in 1947 found calcareous, mostly unconsolidated or poorly cemented reef material all the way—and when it comes to eating, you'll agree that

down. The fossils found were of

shallowwater organisms. This seemsto confirm the ideas of Charles DarPURITY'S NEW

win of more than 100 years ago. This

theory proposed that the reef grew continuously upward on a sinkingfoundation which sank slower than COOKIESthe coral reef could grow. VOWUM

are SUPREME in Flavor Electricity There's good fun for young and old—and mighty good eating

—in every bag of Fortune Cookies. Each cookie is numbered,

carries a negaearth's surface The 1 to 40, and the matching number on the back or sides of electrical the atmostive charge and phere a positive charge which at a the bag tells your fortune. (Don't be superstitious; number 13 is

distance of about 12 miles above the a good one, too!) Let fortune smile on you as you enjoy

surface has a potential of 400,000 volts. Over the whole earth with its the crisp pecans and rich cake goodness of Fortune Cookies by Purity.

large area, the high resistance of the atmosphere and the high potential results in a current of 1,800 amperes.

This electrical charge would disapAt your favoritepear in about four and a half mingrocer's—a fullutes if it were not replenished mostly

by lightning discharges over all the pound only 49$ earth.

I.Q.

When the earliest attempts were made to measure human intelligence years ago it was hoped that intelligence could be expressed by one number—an I.Q., or intelligence quotient. Research in the last 10 years

indicates that there are at least 55 distinct factors or dimensions of intellect and Dr. J. P. Guilford of the

University of California estimates that there may be as many as 120.

Purity Biscuit Co., Salt Lake Bowman Biscuit Co., Denver

Divisions of United Biscuit Co. of America

AUGUST 1960 545 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

organ Mutualof theImprovementPriesthood W$MXB0MMWs OfficialQuorums,

Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for August 1960 Volume 63, Number 8

Church Features

Editor's Page: The Little We See, President David O. McKay 559 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Your Question: Does Satan Have Power to Answer Prayers? Cover, Ed Marvon, Era Staff

President Joseph Fielding Smith 560 Eraauthor),Staff: 548/566570, 572, (photos580, 668by

The Church Moves On, 552; Melchizedek Priesthood Page, Church Service in the Military ChurchVirginia InformationSargent. 562564Service, 558

Service, 594; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 596. Dave Burton, 574, 575, 578579

Dale Kilbourn, 577, 598599 Harold M. Lambert, 594

Special Features

Sagebrush Soliloquy, James C. Knollin 567

Bah, Humbug! Clovis L. Hill 568

Teaching by Contagion, Albert L. Payne 570

Strait Is the Gate, Sterling W. Sill 572

The Thirsty Farms of Iran—Conclusion, L. M. Winsor 574

THE ERA OF YOUTH Center section, between 576 & 577

For a Secondhand Car, Iris H. Hathaway 577

The Normal Family, Luacine Clark Fox 578

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 584, 592, 602

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 545; These Times: The U-2 Incident, G. Homer

Durham, 548; Letters and Reports, 550; In Memoriam Elizabeth J. Moftitt, 555; Temple

Marriage, 565.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Picnics that Please 598 Sandwich Fillings for "Lap Picnics"600

A DozenWhy Don't You? 600

The Problem of Handme-downs, Joyce Knudsen.... 600

THE COVER: The Last Word 608 Ed Maryon of The Improvement

Era Staff depicts the Herculean effort that attended covered wagon caravans on the old Pioneer Trail.

What a heritage the descendants of

Stories, Poetry those people have!

Forever in My Heart, Mary E. Winchell 562

Rosie's Baptism Day, Ardith M. McBride 581 Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

Poetry 554, 556, 588, 590, 593

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

O. Editors; Editor; David Associate Richard and Marba Managing Doyle Managing McKayEditor; Editorial Editor; Alrert Pinnock, Jr., Research G. Kinnear, L.JohnGreen, C. FlorenceJosephson, Todays FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethMarionJ. D.Moffitt,Hanks,

Editor; Era Youth Editor; Associate Directors. ProductionThe Art The Era RalphAssociate; of ElaineL. Zorixl,L. Evans,Cannon, Reynolds of youth and Ed Maryon,B.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Huch Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

ThayerJoseph T.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager; Representative.Bertha S. Feeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, BusinessManager; A. Glen Snahh, Subscription Director;

Copyright Funds, 1960 by Mutual pricereserved. Subscription $3.00 aInc.,year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual Improvement$3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of the50c Churchsingle copy,of JesusexceptChristfor ofspecialLatterdayissues.Saints, All rights

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, JulySalt 2,Lake1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

The Improvement Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of VAc

Thirty days'notice changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA u r r e n t

1. Toward A Better Life Mark E. Petersen

Here's the newest Mark E. Petersen book that contains

forty of his Conference Addresses, speeches, and articles.

He talks about "The Vision of Nephi,""Epistles and

Apostasy,""Why Mormons Build Temples,""Ancient

Records and the Book of Mormon,"and hosts of additional subjects of interest to youth, parents, and all ages.

3.50 2. Youth of the Noble Birthright

The thirteen Fireside Addresses that were given this year to youth throughout the Church by the General

Authorities are contained in this single volume. The

topics under discussion include: Courtship and Marriage,

Young People Want Parental Advice, Youth and the

Car, and others. All thirteen selections are illustrated,

with a frontispiece of President McKay. 75

3. Stories from Mormon History

Almo P. and Clea M. Burton

Many littleknown stories from the early days of the

Church are found in this vast collection. There are one

hundred and twentynine in all, classified under such headings as: Of Things Spiritual, The Hill Cumorah and

Ancient Records, The Saints and the Western Movement, etc. The majority of them are of such length that they

make excellent illustrative material for speeches and lessons. 3.50

4. Faith in a Day of Unbelief

David H. Yarn, Jr.

Dr. Yarn, Dean of the College of Religious Instruction,

Brigham Young University, gives a direct and concise presentation of the fundamentals of the Restored Gospel. This fine book will be of interest not only to members of the Church but to nonmembers as well. | 95

5. A Reader for the Teacher

Compiled by A. Hamer Reiser

An Anthology of Ideas from The Instructor

This unique volume presents a wealth of information for teachers in all LDS organizations. It discusses

discipline in the classroom, organizing lesson material, use of the flannel board, and many other teaching areas.

These articles were written by outstanding LDS teachers of the past and present and have appeared over the years in The Instructor magazine. 3 CQ

6. Missionary Study Guide JosephJosephC. V.Rich,CookJr.

LDS doctrine is solidly explored in this unique questionand-aswer book that is specially prepared for missionaries at home and abroad to give them a basic knowledge of all scriptures. 9 OC

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $

for encircfed (numbered) books:

Tore State.

AUGUST I960 547 These Times

The U-2 Incident

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Vice President, University of Utah

Espionage has taken its place as Abel, a recent Soviet spy convicted barely possible that the area of "culpart of the actions of responsible in the United States, is now serving tural exchange"known hitherto as government. In retrospect, this seems a 30year prison sentence in this "espionage"may be elevated into

to be the significant element in the country. What Francis G. Powers'international inspection and ex-

U-2 incident of May 1960. fate will be has not yet been clarichange of security information in the

Espionage has been a human acfied. The important fact is that the long run. The American position

tivity for thousands of years. When United States government has acwas soon clarified. We acknowlCaleb and Joshua were sent to spy knowledged that he was an American edged the fact that the Powers'flight

out the promised land, they were agent. This is a new development was routine, was one of many since

following practice wellestablished. in international relations. This is a 1956, and that we accepted responIn modern times, when spies have development that could augur well sibility. The implication is that the.

been caught, the normal procedure for the future. Why? world could expect other states to

has been for governments to profess 1. The United States, by making view similarly such activities.

innocence, to deny responsibility for public recognition of Mr. Powers as What information was gained?

their actions. Indeed, to plead igan official agent, establishes a That Russia probably had, by May

norance of the affair, or at most precedent which other nations may 1960, some thirty launching platdismiss it as "inexplicable,"has been have to follow quickly. The U-2 forms from which rockets could be

normal practice. Those who have incident dramatizes the current fired in a surprise attack.

engaged in the dangerous art have "facts of life."By making available this informadone so with full personal assump- 2. The acquisition of information tion, public opinion, worldwide,

tion of the risks. Often professional by "illegal"means appears to be acmay insist on more responsibility and

spies are in the pay of both sides. cepted as necessary. If necessary, safeguards in all governments.

Their profession has seemed necescan it long remain "illegal"? Or will Finally, the debate in the UN

sary. the acceptance of its necessity pave should remind everyone of the value

As lawyers, doctors, and other the way for more elevated pracof that instrument. Within hours of

professions have many clients, so, tices? the dissolution of the Paris Summit

too, the professional spy has often 3. The Powers'case occurred in Conference, Mr. Gromyko and Mr.

been engaged in the service of more the midst of a U.S. -Soviet program Lodge were debating the issues in

than one country. Money spent for of cultural exchange. Much pubthe Security Council. There is much

such services from public treasuries licity has attended the exchange of promise in the fact that the issues has usually not been subject to pubmedical scientists, U. S. governors, were being discussed. The Security

lic account. To hazard guesses in Soviet officials, Nixon's visit, MikoCouncil is not yet the parliament of

this field, one may be as well inyan's visit, Khruschev's visit. The men, foretold by Tennyson in "Locksformed by reading the books of E. Powers'incident led to the cancellaley Hall,"but it is the world's hope,

Phillips Oppenheim. Or one may tion of the return visit to Russia of in such incidents, for rational and

let his imagination run wild. Colonel President Eisenhower. But it is responsible processes to prevail.

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You're welcome to Postum's good wholegrain flavor

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes

so good... and it's so good for you!

p%*Bt'100% caffeinfree Another fine product from General Foods

AUGUST 1960 549.

Letters NEED MONEY?

You or your Church organization can make up to $1,000 or more by 'elling Christmas cards and supplies. and

All our merchandise on consignment.

Absolutely no money outlay. Free shipping, immediate delivery. All major lines of quality cards and supplies Reports

available at lowest prices.

Average profit of LDS organization last L. ServingO. Kendall,as leadersGrantfrom Ursenbach,LDS Posts wereRay year, over $200—several more than Davis, Jr., John Harris.

SI,000.

Write or call now for full details.

No obligation. Dear Editors: Blackfoot, Idaho

Visit us during conference I have long admired the covers of The

Improvement Era. I am especially de-

U. UJ. Wholesale djiitributors bylightedProf.withGroutagethe latest(Loganwith a Templeprint of andone

LDS Owned and Operated The lucky hundred is what they called Landscape ). Although I have not met him,

Area the Tahoe Explorers the from at the art others I studied under have Salt Lake State City, Utah them, 2435 So.

at posts their took Squaw Council, who State. Utah 5-0812 Phone HU Olympics. Winter Eighth during the Valley will find It is future that the hope my call 8-4681 answer, If no CY

Hill, Williard Executive, Scout art. I like original idea the other of prints of

Auburn, California, realized that a chance of a landscape with a religious edifice or of a lifetime would come to his Explorers. building as part of the design. I picture

They would certainly be able to render a many other temples and chapels in interto on hand would be they fine same time, fact, for covers. there In are so many

events. sporting spectacularGmI i&rfth adiHW witnesslasting good turn to the big games. At the esting settings as possible future subjects some our originals that from can produced be

spontaneous quick and signup was outdoors. intermountain BAKE AN HONEST LOAF! The

and four young men 18 LDS and included Again accept my congratulations.

of their adult leaders. Auburn and RoseSincerely yours,

ville Wards of North Sacramento Stake and Marlin E. Bingham

Grass Valley Ward of the Gridley Stake furnished these twentytwo. Idaho Falls, Idaho

This twelve day good turn proved to Dear Editors:

be the colorful reserve of manpower so Please accept this note of praise for the useful to the Olympic Organization Combeautiful cover of this month's Era, May mittee. Eagle Scouts were assigned to I960. (Logan Temple and Landscape by

Walt Disney's staff who conducted the Harrison Groutage.) The colors are so

of the occasion, pageantry setting day to day peaceful. so as pleasing and the

and closing inspiring opening as Invest in a Lee well the cover I beautiful It is truly the most

Household Flour Mill ceremonies. Their red parkas, white galhave seen in a long long while.

Electric loshes, and neat Explorer "greens"were I came home from work tired, and when

Portable runners box, of the mail were evidence. out in elsewhere Era They I picked my Automatic lifted departits startled messengers and press, beauty with for the for many myit me Economical

officials, crowd emergency conheart. and ments grind your Stone

behours flour a few a all for this wonderful performed trol otherwise assistants, and Thank you one and

... baking fore service. magazine. gratefully received yeoman

difference! the taste Sincerely, off crew was duty this and Both on mills, of 4 Choice

write today for treated to athletic demonstrations they will Kris Hisgen on prices! Save slaloms, the Ski jumping, inlong remember.

offer flour troductory skating, to mention skating, speed figure a North Hollywood, California... coupon send

with check or money few of the events enjoyed. Many had the Dear Sir:

order for 5 lb. pkg. privilege of watching the US hockey Since moving to my new home at the

day stone ground ago, your its superiority address time magasome in the below demonstrate team shipped. mail the through zine coming has However, been championship. the of winning LEE ENGINEERING CO

tenants, the former of to one addressed great value 1, Wis. the was in friendships Milwaukee to many,

which they made with foreign participants. Mr. Don McCall. I have been unable to

IE-8-60 LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY so that present address locate Mr. McCall's conviction a with Certainly away all came

Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., to him. sent on of the proof the magazine a great may be witnessed that they had

( ) Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. PPd. only $1.50 existence of international brotherhood. I would like to say that I have read the

enjoyed them that have and a trophy issues come displaying are The boys not a but Mormon, neatest for very much. I am keeping the to them ( ) Wis.-Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg., PPd. only $1.00 awarded

Name quarters for this time. many of the fellows I work with are, and

Street

City. State

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I have always been impressed by their wonderful devotion to their religion and the clean type of life they live. I only

wish that the members of my religion had that fulltime interest in their religion and church work.

Being a former law enforcement officer,

I particularly enjoy the articles by Chief

Skousen who is a very intelligent man and has a fine viewpoint on our ever present crime problems.

I hate to give up my (or I should say

Mr. McCall's) copy of Era, but I feel in

all fairness to you and to Mr. McCall you

should know that he is no longer at this address and that I have been unable to locate him.

Sincerely, Jack Egger

Dear Brothers and Sisters:

So gladly do I renew my subscription to The Era! Thanking heaven that the

price is within the reach of my rather meager budget! I cannot understand how

any Latterday Saint family can afford to be without it in the home. The covers

are works of art. "Salted Peanut Mounds"

will replenish my cookie jar in the morning.

Between these two—well—I have seen

crowds of Saints at the west gate during general conference sessions waiting for a chance to shake the hand of President

McKay, or even just to get a close up of him. Yet each month I clasp his hand

outstretched to me in the pages of the

Era, and thank God for his kindly words of inspiration and guidance that comeeach month right into my home. A BUSINESS COLLEGE

Miss that? Miss the "Spoken Word"?

and "These the Universe""ExploringMiss lots more helps, and teachingTimes,""Your Question,"and a score of other enjoyable articles?

Miss all that for less than a penny a day? "LDS"is a lot more than just a great school.

Not I!

May God continue to bless you in the BUSINESS COLLEGE—LDS has maintained such high standfine work you are doing.

Sincerely yours, ards as a business college that it is one of only 27 junior

Mrs. Flora Whitlemore colleges of business in the United States accredited by the

Clarksville, Tenn. Accrediting Commission for Business Schools.

Sirs:Dear to tell you how much reading SPIRITUALITY—Institute of Religion, Lambda Delta Sigma I want

The Improvement Era helps a soldier. religious fraternity; faculty and classmates of high spiritual

ready feeling I've low and beenWhen to standards all help each student build a strong spiritual pick boys, I the would with go out my

Improvement Era up and read it. It foundation.

would remind me of what I'm living for.

Not saying anything what it does to build STUDENT HOUSING—Dormitories are available for women

life. spiritualmy

have I would it on my bunk or footlocker students and an LDS housing service is available for graduand the boys would come along and pick ates anytime during their business careers. Help is also

itmakeup andme proudcommentto beon ait. memberIt sure ofwouldthe provided for students who must have part time employment.

Church. for your to thank you I want coopera- Register now for the Autumn Quarter beginning address. magazine tion in changing my

I'm sure the Lord has blessed every September 19.

one on The Improvement Era Staff in doing their job. So to influence people

like me, I pray that he will continue blessing them.

Sincerely yours, Bussell B. Bird Business CoCCege LDS

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

AUGUST I960 551 The Church

BRIDAL GOWNS

FORMALS DRESSES Moves On LINGERIE

May 1960 The 298th stake now functioning in the Church was organized at Tulsa, Oklahoma, with Elder Robert N. Sears as president,

and Elders William H. Day and Veigh J. Nielson as coun38 South Main Salt Lake City selors. The Tulsa Stake, with approximately 2,000 members, was

formed by Elders LeGrand Richards and George Q. Morris of the

Council of the Twelve. The first missionary labors accomplished in

the Territory area Mission. Indian Oklahoma was done by thePORTABLE POWER Ritchie Elder as president sustained of San Jose (CaliHorace J.CUTS YOUR COSTS fornia) Stake, succeeding President Vernard L. Beckstrand. Elders...

William R. Siddoway and B. Floyd Farr were sustained as counselors.

The general Church music committee received two members with the appointment of Elder Richard P. Condie, conductor of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir, and Elder Crawford Gates, a member of the YMMIA general board and of the

BYU faculty. The Church has long been concerned with its music.

In July 1830 the Prophet Joseph Smith received a revelation that 3500 his wife, Emma, should make a "selection of sacred hymns."(D&C

WATT 25.) 100KW—AllOther Sij—600Voltages,WallPhases.to Elder Isaac W. Lee sustained as president of Burley (Idaho)

USE POWER TOOLS WITH DEPENDABLE Stake, succeeding President Newel P. Baker. Elders Francis

Carter are counselors to President R. Blauer N. and Ernest -*-*- ELECTRIC

.. sustained as president Lee.. Elder Glen O. Hamblin OWER PLANTS (New MexicoColorado) Stake, succeeding President Clementof YoungP.

big with save 4 ways You States of the Central called as president a Hilton North has been who electric plant: WINPOWER are Mission. President Elders counselors Hamblin's Clinton M. idles plant automatically load (1) when

islowersoff. noise.. cuts... fuelextendscost engine... Taylor and Thomas A. Goodman.

life; (2) beatcosts allless competition;to buy... priced to Elder Junior Wright Child succeeds President Donald W.

(3) lowspeedscost,up instantproductionpowerbyonsupplyingthe job; Challis as president of Murray South (Utah) Stake. Presilong dependable gives you and (4) Child's counselors are dent Elders George M. Rowley and

service years backed by 35... late Winget. of Lerue of Murray was comparatively The town Portable manufacturing experience.

cradle units or two wheel dolly in Church organization. It wasn't until October 1900 that a ward types.

FREE BROCHURE AND COMPLETE INFORwas organized there.

MATION SENT BY RETURN MAIL. The one hundred thirtyfirst anniversary of the restoration of

WINPOWER MFG. CO. theAaronicAaronicPriesthoodPriesthoodwaswasrestoredcommemoratedby John inthethe BaptistChurch.to.. Joseph. The

Dept. [1 E NEWTON. IOWA Smith and Oliver Cowdery on Friday, May 15, 1829.

Distributed by Elder Claire B. Black sustained as president of Nevada Stake

L. CO. A. JONES

St. Salt1120 Richards Lake City, Utah succeeding President Wendell S. Lambert. President Black's

DA 2-5849 counselors are Elders Donald B. Tate and David J. Naylor.... Until

Ideal tor 1926, Nevada Stake was a part of North Weber Stake, with headCONSTRUCTION - HOME - FARM quarters at Ogden, Utah. CAMPING

WELFARE and EMERGENCY PROGRAMS

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When

you get

> that v; V

Hollow

Feeling...

It's.-'time for NABISCO

Sugar

Honey Grahams

Available in two and one pound packages Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike Wonderfully light...won't v

appetites Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour Scored so they snap right in half for easy eating Wrapped in 6 InEr-Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

AUGUST I960 553 After the disastrous quakes in Chile, welfare supplies were sent by the Church by air to be distributed by the Red Cross in that

South American nation.... Traditionally, the Church does much

to help its neighbor in need in this regard. Pioneer Salt Lake City

was always a resting place for people going to California by covered wagon. The Church sent supplies to the victims of the Johnstown flood (1889) and the San Francisco earthquake (1906).

June 1960

Elder Walter F. Ririe, former second counselor to President

Delbert G. Taylor of Rexburg (Idaho) Stake, sustained as

first counselor succeeding Elder Willis G. Nelson; Elder J.

Wendell Stucki sustained as second counselor.

Recent appointments are: Elders W. McKinley Oswald and

Lorry E. Rytting appointed to the Church priesthood Softball committee; Mrs. Paul (Irene Williams) Buehner, Mrs. Bryan L. (LaPriel

WATER Strong) Bunker, Mrs. Ernest L. (Alice L.) Wilkinson, and Mrs. M.

HEATER Rosseral board;(MarieElderCurtis)C. DerekRichardsHarlandappointedappointedto thetoReliefthe generalSocietyboardgenof the Deseret Sunday School Union.

LIVE BETTER TheBryanFirstL. BunkerPresidencyto presideannouncedover thetheCaliforniaappointmentMission,of Eldersuc-

A. President has ceeding been appointed Jesse Udall, who

his brother, ELECTRICALLY to the Court, Arizona succeeding Supreme with FULL the late Justice Levi S. Udall. President Bunker has served as president of

the California Mission before, beginning in 1951.... Latterday HOUSEPOWER Saints settled in California (the Brooklyn company at Yerba Buena—

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. now San Francisco—July 31, 1846) before they settled in the valley

of the Great Salt Lake.

in historic buildings song, on and drama; In sermons, Temple

After than 12,000 Wheat selHrtg more as the city, as well buildings in the throughout in modern senSquare, brings Mi'ls, Pehrson's another you sational offer... the great opendoors; the youth of the Church attended the annual

BAUMAPRESS JuneImprovementconferenceAssociations,of the YoungJuneMen's10, 11,andandYoung12, withWomen'spreconferenceMutual events a day earlier.... These great youth organizations date back

Electric to 1869 and pioneer Salt Lake City, although there is evidence that their roots lie in the Nauvoo period of Church history.

MAKER Reg. $69.95

NOW HIGH SINGING TOWERS $4495 by Mabel Jones Gabbott $10 DOWN In the twilight hour of a summer's day, $5 MONTH I sat beneath an arc light's flickering glow,

YOURSELF "DPJNK TO HEALTH"to things I have know, Recounting good come—Efficient Running Quick—Quiet—

gifts of way: value that have come my And clean. Will keep to Operate and Easy

process 2 to 4 lbs. of fruits or vegetables in one operation. Guaranteed to The warmth of home, the loved ones cherished there,

juice to your extract complete satisfac- A sound, strong body; and a mind awake refunded. money tion or your To beauty, wisdom, and the truths that make

JUICE me one Please send BAUMA PRESS is A good book, and a heart that needs to care. Enclosed at $44.95*. Priced MAKER.

(Check or Money Order) for $ So ran my musings; then, I thought of you,

Nome And memories we share came quick to stir

Address In me such feelings, passionate and true;

City They lifted every blessing past the blur

S*a'e Of grateful tears to such high singing towers

Snipping Charges Extra. As they alone know, who know love like ours.

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In Memoriam

Elizabeth

quality Jackson copper printing

plates Moffitt color process or black Production Editor & white The Improvement Era

Saturday evening, June 25, 1960, her great loyalty, her unquestioned the editors and their coworkers at dependability to anything that she

The Improvement Era were sadknew to be right, would be foredened by the comparatively sudden most.

passing of one of their number, Mrs. Through the years, Beth's hair beElizabeth Jackson Moffitt. We have came tinged with silver as she

taken the following from a resolubecame an increasing important tion of respect, originally read at the factor in the well coordinated effort

Pier first real the Era. in publish Price,funeral, Utah, on June 29, to RICHMOND 9239S IVS-'X-Ji—CALL COLLECT R<>SEIENGRAVING COMPANY foltitle Secretary,"sources: was "Editorial otherand from

On May 16, 1933 there came to lowed by "Editorial Associate,"or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 15, Calif.

work in the offices of The Improve- "Manuscript Editor,"and "Producment Era a young, darkhaired tion Editor."

widow, who was highly recomBeth was not a writing editor, save Order Today mended by the LDS Business Colwhat she wrote with that indeliblelege, where she had been assisting ink called love upon the hearts of GRIND YOUR OWN in the English and typewriting deher friends and her associates. FLOUR 6l CEREAL

partments as an instructor, as well As Production Editor her responwith this sturdy as going to school there. sibilities were to assist in reading

This was the magazine's first manuscripts that were submitted,introduction to Elizabeth J. Moffitt, editing those manuscripts that were WHEAT MILLMore Than

Beth to her friends, and we were all purchased and scheduled; pasting 12,000 Sold

her friends. the magazine; proofreading, at least to Date

Beth's first assignment was to work twice, the material from the printer. ONLY

a half day in the business office and Hers was the responsibility of final of seconds editorial the half approval departin the magazinea day of $695 the certain timesment. of the whine and the wheeze At month before

she had the privilege of coming back the great motors took over, turning POSTPAID in the evening to assist in the mailout copies of The Improvement Era ANYWHEREIN ing of magazines. by the thousands. AMERICA

At home at 270 G Street were her At times she spoke of her first at Harrismall Elder daughters,two and years Jackie the Era—how

all corn Mill or grinds and wheat, cracks editor, Merrill, grandRenee, the managing son R. and their widowed grains. Grinds or soft kinds of hard Vh

mother, Elizabeth Jackson. Over would never have his editorials ready pounds of flour or cereal per minute....

the years that home, in Salt Lake until the last moment. Then Elder I Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

City was often bursting with Jackson Merrill, physically a huge man, SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS relatives who were attending school, would open his small portable typeor were just in on a weekend from writer. Beth would wonder how his $6.95Please(checksendormemoneyone Wheatorder.) Mill. Enclosed is

Price. great fingers would find the right

Beth's family and The Improvekeys. But the words came forth, so Name—

ment Era were her life—and it someletter-perfect that Elder Merrill Address

times proved difficult to know which never read the copy for a misplaced City would come first in her life. letter.... Or that Saturday mornState

In any list of her characteristics, ing, now so long ago, when Beth

PEHRS0N HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AUGUST I960 555 looked up to see President Heber J.

Grant coming into her office. He

had slipped away from his busy desk se weight! to discuss something with Richard

L. Evans. Richard Evans was pol-

w ishingGrant sathis radiodown script,in thatsochairPresidentright there, and chatted for three or four minutes before Elder Evans put his with SURE MEAL radio work to one side....

At times she spoke of more personal matters: of happy occasions

"s with her husband, Wells, who had Control *, met a tragic death in 1929, and of Your Weight their life and hopes. These were the

Moffitt, you Elizabeth When have of and memories Reduce reached your deprecious memories, our they are now with weight, continue too, so of shared Beth because much one Sure SURE MEAL to sireduse Meal life once us. each with day this will her—/

safe sure! and help you to maintain a / office that good of the the walls Lining

calorie your nutritional balance also and / help of volumes occupied Beth are bound intake maintainto you keep the intake It—cutswhile / of calories

1 ing your vigor and heihh j under control. If you gain with the Era. Twentyseven of those,

nutrition. proper through one Sure Meal, nearly pages, representing 24,000 you can cut the

I. calories in is scientifically your ordinary a Meal Sure meals or into Moffitt bring helped Elizabeth J. use two or three else! Sure Meals planned a day food-—nothing to Yet, being. I each page be new for short periods bring about or slowly reduce can You chal- a challenge—a I on was the worked control when you it use to—can Sure with Meal You—rapidly Sure lights there's the Meal \ use often kept count- j lenge which no lost until you—want a 3 times have you day all or a substantial part of the \ ing calories—it's all done for youly burning brightly above her desk long

weight you want to lose. after the usually accepted five o'clock

For best long range results use closing hour.

day with twice a Sure Meal skim She worked under the direction of milk or powdered milk and have one other low calorie meal each Presidents Heber J. Grant, George

day, until you have taken off the Albert Smith, David O. McKay;

weight you wish to lose. John A. Widtsoe, and Richard L.

Evans of the Council of the Twelve as editors; Harrison R. Merrill,

Richard L. Evans, and Doyle L.

Green as managing editors; Elsie

Save editor; associate as Money T. Brandley Feel'\

*""as associate f C. Josephson Marba Better costs less Sure Meal ordithe than

later as associate manageditor and it nary replaces, meal at the and weight I no had Peterson, editor; B. time, O. ing same John you can sure be the * I enbut problem,

will meal nutritiously be sound. Giles, Orton, and D. Kenneth John just Meal Sure joy serving of One Sure oz.) Meal I use (Y4 it's good. Scott, as business managers. because F. Veil

1 when with mixed cup of milk regularly it breakfast for editorial debusiness and The will furnish the individual normal along drink as a sometimes and with essential the Era, of partments Improvement food elements The to It helps meals. other with my for one complete consisting meal half for almost essential worked Beth where the with body supply my of meat, vegetables, butbread and minvitamins and elements, in food lifetime, unite extending of her ter, beverage. and a pep. for more I that erals needed to her their sympathy profound

If you can to afford eat you—Meal."better Sure with feel "I to family, daughters, her bereaved can afford SURE MEAL!

Jackie Evans of Burlingame, California, and Renee Eshleman of

Ludlow, Massachusetts, to her grandIf you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20 -meal size. But if you children, and to her brothers and

sisters. have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00,

or the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00. RAIN

by Maurine Jacobs Don Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL

E. 9th South 1087 in gray. clothed is a tall Rain woman, Phone EM 3-9674

City, Salt Utah Free Delivery Lake long. loose hair hangs and Her Vanilla fj Defatted Please send tell she's say- I can't what Chocolate Although

SURE MEAL Bland Butterscotch fj ing, 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 Q Name My heart's always snared by her

song. 40 Meal Size 9.00 Address

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 Q City and State

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pfffjw

Tired of fabrics that come out of your automatic harsh and scratchy? Then you're ready for White King Soap.

For this is the washday product that removes only dirt -even deepdown dirtyet leaves the gentle softness in.

Rinses clear, too - leaves none of the harsh deposits of ordinary washday products that stiffen fabrics. No wonder more of

hard water problem? Try the easy White King 1-2 way. (White King

Water Softener Conditioner and White King Soap). Softens water and saves your neighbors use White King Soap Qua/tfy, rfte we*

you up to onehalf on soap. See package for directions. than all other laundry soaps combined. '"mo

AUGUST I960 557 The Editor's Page The Little We See

by President David O. McKay

About fifteen miles from Vernal, Uintah County, Utah, stands a hill over which people walked and rode at intervals for years without seeing anything unusual about it. They noticed two great rocks, uniform in size, but to men

bent upon pioneer duties they were only rocks.

One day a man from the Carnegie Institute walked over the same hill. The

nature of the rocks suggested to him that in these strata are sometimes found fossils of huge animals that once roamed over parts of the earth.

What were only common rocks to the farmer, the cattleman, and the pioneer were, to the trained mind of the scientist, fossilized remains of two vertebrae of a gigantic creature that had been extinct for centuries. In the course of a

short time this discoverer had a force of men carefully uncovering these fossilized remains, and the people of the surrounding valley looked on with interest and amazement as a dinosaur, sixtyfive feet long and thirtyfive feet high, was disclosed to view.

Following indications as he perceived them this educator in the realm of science, by great effort and expense, unearthed one of the finest specimens discovered to that time.

In 1915 the area became known as the Dinosaur National Monument, set aside by the government so that the casual observer may come with the more serious scientific student to study these most interesting fossils of the dinosaurs and other reptiles of the time. Today the monument area contains about two hundred

thousand acres in eastern Utah and western Colorado.

So men go through this life, catching occasional glimpses of a higher, a spiritual world; but unfortunately, they remain satisfied with but a glimpse, and

refuse to put forth the effort required to uncover the beauties and glories of that spiritual realm. They sense it blindly. Crowded by temporal demands,

some there are who lose sight of even the indications.

The game of life is fascinating, and when men enter it they enter to win. To

win becomes the sole aim of life. The merchant, for example, wishes to succeed,

no matter what it costs. The politician (not the statesman) enters the political

world to satisfy his ambitions, regardless of serving the community or the country.

Thus, men lose sight of the high things of life; worldly things crush the

spiritual light flickering within the soul. Some follow the will-o-thewisp

of indulgence, of passion, becoming dupes of an illusion, and they soon begin to grovel. Truly as Wordsworth said:

"The world is too much with us; late and soon,

Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers.

Little we see in nature that is ours;

We have given our hearts away, a sordid boon."

("Miscellaneous Sonnets,"Pt. I, No. 33.)

The pathways of mortality are best lighted for those who diligently prepare.

The pioneers, farmers, and cattlemen were prepared to open the Uintah country.

The scientist was prepared for something else. May we all so live as to recognize the markings by the side of our paths that will lead us to joy on earth and

rich rewards hereafter.

AUGUST I960 559

Your Question DOES SATAN HAVE

Answered by Joseph Fielding Smith President of the Council of the Twelve

Q"In a fireside meeting in our branch the question He appeared to Moses saying: "... Moses, son of

was asked: 'Does Satan have power to answer man, worship me. And it came to pass that Moses

our prayers?'Some of those present stated that it was looked upon Satan and said: Who art thou? For

their opinion that he did, but that he would do so behold, I am a son of God, in the similitude of his to deceive us. Others felt that if our prayers were Only Begotten; and where is thy glory, that I should

sincere Satan could have no power to intervene and worship thee?"2

give us false answers. Since there was a division of We should be on guard always to resist Satan's adopinion we would like to have an answer to the vances. (He will appear to us in the person of a

question."friend or a relative in whom we have confidence. ) He

has power to place thoughts in our minds and to whisper to us in unspoken impressions to entice us

That Satan has great power to deceive is a demonto satisfy our appetites or desires and in various otherA strated fact. We read in the scriptures where he ways he plays upon our weaknesses and desires. Nephi

exercises his power to deceive and lead mankind astray understood this clearly and by the gift of prophecy on numerous occasions. When Adam and Eve were left a warning for the present generations calling on

driven from the Garden of Eden, the Lord sent an us to be on guard and prepared to resist Satan's adangel to instruct them in the plan of salvation, and vances. Here are some of his words to the present

they were commanded to teach these things to their generation children, which they faithfully did; but Satan came

"For the kingdom of the devil must shake, and theyamong them and said: "I am also a son of God; and which belong to it must needs be stirred up unto rehe commanded them, saying: Believe it not; and they

pentance, or the devil will grasp them with his everbelieved it not, and they loved Satan more than God.

lasting chains, and they be stirred up to anger, andAnd men began from that time forth to be carnal, sensual, and devilish."1 He tried to destroy our Reperish;

deemer also through temptation and in this he failed. "For behold, at that day shall he rage in the hearts

When the time had arrived for the restoration of the of the children of men, and stir them up to anger gospel in this dispensation, Satan evidently knew of against that which is good.

it and did all in his power to destroy the Prophet "And others he will pacify, and lull them away into

Joseph Smith before the coming of the Father and carnal security, that they will say: All is well in Zion;

the Son with the message of salvation. Satan's misyea, Zion prospereth, all is well—and thus the devil

sion is to destroy. When he rebelled at the council cheateth their souls, and leadeth them away carefully

in heaven, he determined to destroy the work of the down to hell.

Lord and subject all mankind to his power. It must "And behold, others he flattereth away, and telleth

be admitted that in a great measure he has accomthem there is no hell; and he saith unto them: I am no

plished his purpose, for he has persuaded the vast devil, for there is none—and thus he whispereth in

majority of the inhabitants of the earth to turn away their ears, until he grasps them with his awful chains, from the divinely revealed truth. He will lay temptafrom whence there is no deliverance."3

tions in the path of every individual to cause them to We should not consider his power too lightly, but commit sin. He has taught the world false doctrines in the sincerity of our souls resist every impression,

under the guise of truth and many have followed him.

nbid., 1:1213.

iMoses 5:13. 32 Nephi 28:1922.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA POWER TO ANSWER PRAYERS?

every unwholesome thought or desire and every perhis will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be suasion to do wrong that may come from any source of God, or whether I speak of myself."7

whatever, even from our most cherished friends. Satan We may feel perfectly sure that the Lord would

knows all the tricks and has had long experience in not command us to pray and then permit Satan to persuading people to do evil. Nephi has also given interfere and deceive us, if we have the spirit of

us the following wholesome advice: humility and faith to approach our Father for his

"And now, my beloved brethren, I perceive that blessings. It is written in the revelations given to the

ye ponder still in your hearts; and it grieveth me that Church,

I must speak concerning this thing. For if ye would "And again, verily I say unto you, my friends, I

hearken unto the Spirit which teacheth a man to pray leave these sayings with you to ponder in your hearts, ye would know that ye must pray; for the evil spirit with this commandment which I give unto you, that

teacheth not a man to pray, but teacheth him that he ye shall call upon me while I am near—

must not pray. "Draw near unto me, and I will draw near unto

"But behold, I say unto you ye must pray always, you; seek me diligently and ye shall find me; ask, and

and not faint; that ye must not perform any thing ye shall receive; knock, and it shall be opened unto

unto the Lord save in the first place ye shall pray you.

unto the Father in the name of Christ, that he will "Whatsoever ye ask the Father in my name it shall consecrate thy performance unto thee, that thy perbe given unto you, that is expedient for you;

formance may be for the welfare of thy soul."4 "And if ye ask anything that is not expedient for

We learn that it is a commandment from the Lord you, it shall turn unto your condemnation."8

that we seek him constantly in humble prayer. When We are thus advised not to ask for things that are

the Savior was with his disciples, he taught them to not expedient. Too many times in prayers things

pray and he set the example before them in frequent may be asked for which are not expedient but to prayers to his Father. We may be sure, since it is a gratify our vanity or foolish desires, and then if ancommandment from the Lord, that there is virtue swered the prayer could be to our hurt. We have a

in prayer, and when we seek the Lord it should be wonderful example of this in the case of Martin Harris, in the spirit of humility and reverence. In the Serwhen he persisted, after the Lord had refused his

mon on the Mount, Jesus said to his disciples: request and on his repeated seeking the request was

"Ask and it shall be given unto you; seek, and ye granted. The result of this became a plague to him

shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:... and even to the Prophet Joseph Smith all their lives.

"Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask Then again, the promise is sure that the Lord will not bread will he give him a stone?"5 deny the humble petition which is offered, and it may

And again: not be expedient in some prayers that the answer

"But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his be given as requested. Moreover, it is true that the

righteousness; and all these things shall be added Lord is not always near. The man who has ignored

unto you."G the Lord, who has not kept his commandments, and

When his authority was questioned by the Jews, who does not pray, may find it a very difficult thing

Jesus answered them and said, "If any man will do to obtain an answer to his earnest prayer when in distress, and the (Continued on page 607)

Hhid., 32:8-9.

'Matt. 7:7, 9. John 7:17.

'Ibid., 6:33. SD&C 88:6265.

AUGUST 1960 561 H| The summer I was nearing ten and living in a small country home in Iowa I had a great longing in my heart. I thought about it when I was studying my

arithmetic and geography in school, and even at recess when playing the favorite game of "Dare Base."

Now, walking home alone from school with my reader under my arm, I could think of nothing else—a new

hat for my mother.

I knew there was no money for new hats, and my mother knew it, though she said nothing about it, for it was the year after the dread hog cholera had swept our country leaving behind great losses. Though with

our good garden, fruit, milk, and cheese, we had plenty to eat we, with others, had no money now forpayment on farms, equipment, or new clothes. Forever

My mother was a very small woman with deep blue eyes and brown hair. My father, a tall thin dark man.They loved each other and their children, but could in my Heart

not keep anxiety from their faces.

I think some of our neighbors did not mind about clothes, for plain clothes were a part of their religion. by Mary E. Winchell

Perhaps they were fortunate but clothes were not a part of our religion.

In stories, one reads of girls earning money by selling their hair but my curly brown hair was already short according to the fashion and, anyway, who would buy hair in our county? Others sold bluing but that

brought little money, and I knew that no one would buy that either.

And so I thought and thought but no solution came to my mind.

It had been harder since Saturday. Then I had

come in from our playhouse by the Lombardy poplars at the foot of the orchard to get a drink of water.

Standing in the summer kitchen, the dipper in my hand, I could see my mother in the next room with its freshly scrubbed floor, sitting in a low rocker with an old black straw hat on her lap. She was trying to

"fix it over"for Sunday, for since it was now summer she could not wear the old winter one. The hat was

of fine black straw, and had once been good, but it was completely out of style with its big low crown and wide brim. It was not very black now either, and

the limp black ribbon that she had steamed and pressed was not as black as the hat. With thin, uncertain fingers, for she felt no confidence in "fixing"

hats, she put a band of the ribbon around the crown and fastened it. Then she added a flat bow to cover

the ends of the ribbon.

She looked at it wistfully with firm lips, in a way she had when things were hard to figure out. She

tried to puff out the bow but it fell back limp as before. She then laid a faded flower beside the bow,

turning the hat around and looking at it from all sides. The flower did not seem to improve it and so

she took it off, putting on instead a small rosette of old black lace. Then she tried it on, looking at herself

steadily in the small wall mirror. From where I stood

I could see into the mirror, also, and I was to remember always the sudden tears in my mother's eyes—something I had never seen there before unless someone

had died. I longed to run in, put my arms about her

and comfort her, but instead I slipped out quietly so that she would not know that I had seen the tears.

The next morning, after Papa had done the chores, having got up at four o'clock as usual to milk the cows, we were ready for church. We stood by the gate as

he drove up in the old spring wagon that he had managed to improve a little with some black paint.

We were pleased with it now, and with the horses

Frank and Topsy who were rather old, but sleek looking. Some folks drove such "skinny"horses.

Mamma looked up anxiously at Papa as he helped her and the baby into the wagon as though hoping he wouldn't say much about the way she had "fixed over"her hat. He said nothing at all but I knew, as I looked

at him, that he shared my longing for her to have a new hat—even though his own well brushed clothes

were old and shabby.

At church there was the beloved English grandmother, nice and plump, to greet us. I hoped she

would not notice the hat. She did, but she, too, made

no comment. She would have loved to buy hats for

her daughter and grandchildren and sometimes did

I longed to run in, put my arms about her and comfort her....

Papa made the fire and put an old white tablecloth on the table. He liked a white one "even if it is

old,"he said, "better than a red one."I set the table

while Papa peeled the potatoes. Then he got his

flute and played the songs we had sung in church.

Small brother Albert and little Ella did not want to go out to play for they wanted to watch Mamma put frosting on the cakes. All right, they could stay in if

they were good.

Mamma took a platter and put on it the white of an egg. Then she beat and beat it with a threetined

steel fork for that was the kind we had. Bessie and

I had to scour them with brick dust every Saturday.

Mamma had never had an egg beater. A peddler

often stopped and showed egg beaters, along with other household articles, and always tried to sell one to her. But she would laugh and say, "Why no, I

can always beat eggs with a fork!"I thought an egg

beater would be very nice but they cost fifteen cents and where was there anyone who could spend that buy us nice blue calico for aprons, but she had little much money when eggs could be beaten with a fork?

extra money and grandfather would not have noticed It was surely a great invention, though, and Bessie any hat—at least not much. He saw only faces—and and I looked at it in wonder.

they looked all right to him. As soon as the egg was beaten nice and white,

Others came into the church from the town with its Mamma put a little sugar in it and beat it again.

three hundred people and from the country about. When the cakes were covered with the frosting and

Many wore new or nicely trimmed old hats. An old topped with the red cinnamon candies they looked

schoolmate of Mamma's, whose husband had a store, so beautiful that the tragedies of farm life and the wore a new black hat of shiny straw with a small high lack of new hats were gone for the moment, at least crown and with yellow velvet flowers nodding in from my mind.

front. She greeted Mamma very cordially but it was The next afternoon Bessie and I helped Papa get

hard to see the two hats so close together. I was glad cheese ready to sell, for Papa made cheese, using milk

when the service was over. from our own cows and some he bought from the

After church, Bessie and I with small brother neighbors. He had two vats and an old press he had

Albert raced to Grandpa's new spring wagon where used when we lived in town at the cheese factory.

we thought there would be something in a paper bag He hoped selling it would help with expenses. It did,

for us that Grandma had made. This time it was but prices were so low for everything that sometimes

cupcakes and a small bag of red cinnamon candies. he would get only six, seven or eight cents a pound

There was also a bag of apples of a kind we didn't have. for it, though "he made the best cheese in the state"

"I thought,"said Grandma, "that the children could everyone said.

have an apple apiece on the way home and then have Often he would have to take his pay at the general the cupcakes for their dinner. I was going to frost stores in groceries. If too much were taken in trade,

them this time for a treat and put on these red candies where would he get the money to pay the farmers

Grandpa bought but I didn't get time. Perhaps you who sold milk to us? Papa always managed some

can frost them if you can spare the sugar."way but I, and even little Bessie, knew that it was

Mamma looked much pleased. "I think I can,"she hard. Sometimes he would come home from a trip

said, and that was something to look forward to quite pleased, having sold all his cheese, receiving all the way home. part of the pay in money, but at other times he would

It was good to be at home again with Sunday clothes have some cheese left and only things like rice, prunes, laid away and putting on instead clean, much mended and oatmeal to show for what he had sold.

everyday ones. The maple trees cast a delightful But each time there was fresh hope. This afternoon

shade over the old house. There were pleasant things Bessie and I rubbed and rubbed the cheese so there

to think about, especially the delight of having seen was no hint of white film. While Papa took care of

the grandparents, the greataunties, the young uncles, the large cheese, we put the small ones in their boxes and Elder Avery. and, carrying them out (Continued on page 605)

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Temple Marriage

One night I stood outside the temple gates Realization of how my own choice had placed me

And waited for the friends who were inside. there,

I waited quite a time, Of how, those years ago, I thought that love

And in those moments, I saw and pondered many Could win the desires of my heart and soul, without a things. doubt.

Now only God could know the yearning of my soul.

I looked upon the solid, stately walls

Which separate Temple Square and set it from the My love of husband even stronger now, world apart, And with three children ours to love and guide,

Then upward to the lighted spires I knew the truth: True love cannot be fulfilled

And upward until my eyes rested upon that grandest That does not encompass the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Pinnacle, atop which stands that glorious likeness On, then, to dinner with the friends for whom I'd

Of the Angel Moroni. waited,

Above, the sky was black in contrast, To sit about the table and hear their conversation,

Filled with glimmering stars. Feel the strength they had derived from their loving

service Upon the street were many a hurried footstep, For the dead.

Couples, arms entwined, or holding hands, See the emotion and almost into the souls of the

Walked forth in eagerness, faces alight with purpose, Family who had been sealed that very day.

To enter, and be welcomed through the gate.

Groups of every age, hurrying, intent on the joyous Onward, then, with new resolve and courage task at hand I must go.

Poured through the gate. Twelve years had passed since my wedding day,

Years of hope, faith, love, learning, and a vast multi-

A bride, carrying a bouffant wedding dress, tude

Careful lest it be crushed, made her exit from those Of life's experiences.

doors; And yet how long the journey and how steep the

The realization of her dreams written upon her face. pathway

Her husband beside her, I did not know.

Their parents close at hand. Onward, then, with tools of love and understanding

To strive, and earn with faith unwavering and deeds to

Supplement that faith, to qualify, with the one I love,

Young and old, I thought, here are the faithful.

For eternal life.

Then I saw my own dear friends approach, Years have passed, and still hope lives.

Faces alight with the inspiration they had felt within

Those walls, of the worthwhile accomplished, If I could leave one message for my children,

Buoyed up and generated by covenants renewed, It would be this

Eyes shining from the burning of the Spirit within. Never make a choice in life that leaves you

Waiting outside the house of God.

Out the heavy doors they came, down the path For if you do, it may be you will find yourself and

To the outside world, carrying an essence of heaven those you love with them. Outside throughout eternity.

I leave my testimony with you that nothing, nothing in

I was alone. this world

I alone had waited outside that night. Could compensate for the loss of this,

With the waiting, the seeing, the feeling, came a clear The greatest of all blessings.

AUGUST 1960 565

Looking back over the milestones of an eventful probable names of "Cody"and "George,"were looklife, some attained in later years seem dimly out of alikes; but right there all resemblance ceased. They

focus. But nostalgia endows a few of the earliest differed in temperament as much as a phlegmatic

with crystal clarity. One of these was a 1916 camping Scandinavian from a hotblooded Latin. Cody, the

trip in southeastern Idaho, an adventure punctuated mare, was gentle, steady, tractable. George, the

by bears, equine antics and—Barney, the hunter, one gelding, was a complex personality best characterized

of the last of his kind, who had lived the events by one trait that came near being our undoing.

dramatized in today's TV westerns. Whenever this team was being harnessed to the

Even now, after more than forty years, I can smell wagon, George would stand quietly yet obviously as the pungent spice of that highcountry sagebrush and tense as a tightly wound spring. Then, the moment

the heady perfume of the pines following a thunderthe fourth trace or "tug"was hooked to his side of the storm. I can see the soaring, jagged peaks of the doubletree, he would unwind—snorting, kicking, rearGrand Tetons across the Wyoming line, fifty miles to ing, and bolting.

the east but seemingly within easy walking distance Briefed by the owner, I knew what to do. The

so clear was the atmosphere, the rising sun tinting problem was to do it quickly and surely enough. A

their summer snowplumes with rose and gold. And near miss could be disastrous, George having no

I can hear the gentle rustling of quakingaspen leaves patience with indecision. The trick was to leave one's

to the accompaniment of gurgling ice water in the passenger at a safe distance, cramp the front wheels rocky stream bed that threaded our campsite. of the hack, grip both reins tightly in one hand, and,

I was twentytwo; my bride, Amy, twentyone; and with the other, suddenly hook the last tug on George's

we were on a delayed honeymoon. Discomforts side; then vault into the seat and let him run, taking

that today would seem almost unbearable were acCody along for the fun of it. By steering them in a

cepted as merely a challenge to youthful enthusiasm; wide circle, I could return to the point of sudden

for example, our transportation for the rutted, lavadeparture, stop, assist my wife to the seat beside me strewn roads was a glorified buckboard with canvas and take off again in the desired direction.

top and rolldown side curtains, colloquially termed a No one could explain to us why George was that "hack."This roughriding vehicle was drawn by a way. All who drove him followed the line of least

team of wiry bays, both seemingly tireless, one of resistance, which was to adjust human strategy to them utterly unpredictable. (A few early Model his. Anything could happen, but generally there was

"T"Fords were operating in the area, but none as no more trouble until it came time to hook that fourth yet had negotiated the mountain fastness that was tug again.

our destination.) Our goal was a stockman's summer range in the

Our borrowed horses, introduced to us by the imCaribou Mountain, then (Continued on page 589)

SA6EBRUSH SOLILOQUY

by James C. Knollin

Through the gates of memory, we glimpse, with a San Francisco advertising executive, a young couple's early honeymoon adventures in the bear country of wilderness Idaho.

AUGUST I960 567 democracy, family

by Clovis L. Hill

Government "of the people, by the people, and for "Climb to the T we will then!"This exultant cry

the people"is supposed to be good government. from Carol. Traitor! I should have known, even

Fourth of July speakers say democratic principles though she was one of the first ballot popcorn votes.

foster initiative, guarantee freedom of speech, and She had climbed Timpanogos once and still boasts of assure the pursuit of happiness. the white spot worn on the seat of new blue jeans

"Be democratic in your family councils,"a Brigham when she slid down the glacier ten years ago. Too,

Young University Leadership Week lecturer said. she hiked to the bottom of Grand Canyon twice. BeDemocracy in the family? Not this one. Not any sides, her grandfather had pulled assorted handcarts

more. Democracy may mean good government, but across the plains, with one hand while warding off Init also means painful blisters, aching muscles, dian attacks with the other, I'm led to believe.

wounded pride, loss of status. Driving up to the base of "Y"mountain, we parked

Our heretofore democratic family consists of two the car and eagerly began the climb; some of us eagerparents and four children. Kathleen is ten ( "I'm a subly. The boys shunned the path, heading straight up

teen and almost eleven"); Bradley, a toothy nine; a fortydegree slope like flies wearing suction cups.

Dave is six; and Dianne, four. Kathleen chose her mother as a hiking companion.

We try to hold a family night every Wednesday. This left Dianne and me. "Daddy, is it really the

This poses some problems as Carol is Belief Society highest 'Y'in the world?"

president of our ward and a member of the Golden "That's what they say. Shall we start?"Democratic?

Avenue P-TA executive board. I'm a high school Sure. Note the nondirectiveness, the comradery.

teacher with extracurricular responsibilities that in- "What do ya say we take the trail, OK?"

clude service as a San Diego Stake high councilman The trail it was. We would help one another, I

and seminary teacher. explained. I'd never make it the way the boys were

But about family night and democracy. The scene going... using the trail is no picnic, either....

is Provo where I'm a visiting instructor at BYU's sumFor a fouryear old she can walk fast. "Let's rest,

mer session. While I'm the titular head of our houseSis, and look at the view."Below us to the west lay

hold, it is really Carol who determines policy. "What Provo. What a picture! A conglomerate of greenwould you like to do for family night?"This from green fields, green trees, green grass—framed by Utah

the prime minister just identified—nothing ChurchilLake and ringed by the rugged mountains of the

lian about that face and figure though—but back to Wasatch fuses the present to the past: twostoried,

democracy. "Maybe something different?"queried sturdy brick homes of an earlier era rest beside the

she whom I had promised to love, honor, and cherish—horizontal steel, glass, and synthetic structures of the

or was it obey? impatient twentieth century. Gray asphalt streets

"We want to climb the 'Y'(purportedly the highest crisscrossing the floor of the valley seem to lace the block letter in the world visible on a mountainside),"intermingled cultures and incongruous architectural chorused the boys. patterns together. Punctuating the outlying green

"We want to see Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,"fields brown and white cattle graze as their kind have chimed the girls. done in Utah Valley for more than a century. A freight

Two votes were cast for the hearth and popcorn. A train gives a convulsive wheeze as it spews grayish

stalemate. Discussion ensued. When the delegation smoke into the air.

was polled, results showed three votes for climbing "Come on, Dad; everybody's way ahead of us,"

to the "Y,"two for the show, and one for popcorn. Dianne said with an impatient frown.

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA night, and mountain climbing.

We continued.... A recent rain had loosened small trail beckoned. My temples were pounding. A wave

rocks and softened the soil. This made the climb of nausea swept over me. I felt like I was going to

"more exciting"as the boys put it later. The brief be sick. Lungs unused to such exertion and altitude

rest and feigned enthusiasm did little to ward off the protested. Pain stabbed at my back. But on and on!

reality of the problem—the mountain. Unaccustomed Over hill, over dale! "It's little more than a mile,"

exertion and altitude began to take their inexorable friends had said.

toll. With heart pounding and legs the consistency Reaching the shade we rested momentarily. "Let's

of Jello, I managed a controlled gasp. "Dianne, let's walk awhile now, Sis."

stop a minute while I tie your shoe.""But, Daddy."

"It isn't untied, Dad. Let's hurry. We're never "When I was on the track team, the coach told me

going to get there."not to stop suddenly after a race. He said keep

"Oh, so it isn't. Well, let's go on then."From striding, or your legs will tie up. You don't want your

up the trail we heard two feminine voices in gay song: legs to tie up, do you?"

"I love to go a-hiking along the mountain trail, "Were you on the track team at BYU, Dad?"

balderee, balderall—"No."

"Falderall! That's what it is—Falderall. I'd love "Oh, in high school?"

to go a-hiking. I'd love to pop some corn. I'd love "No—er—well, I was the third fastest boy in the

to be home reading the sports page. Besides, I should seventh grade at my school—and I was eraser monitor,"

be correcting some papers."I added lamely.

"Why are you puffing, Dad?"Kathleen shouted, The look of indifference told me I'd lost stature.

somewhat tantalizingly it seemed to me. "My hike-o- Fathers can't afford to lose stature with their daughmeter shows only threeeighths of a mile."ters. They must be big, and strong, and brave.

Threeeighths of a mile! Seems more like eighty. "Want to ride on my shoulders again, Sis?"At

There oughta be a different kind of measurement. They least I could make a show of being strong. "Give me

should count mountain climbing miles something like men to match my mountains—hah!"

the gasoline people measure ton miles, or whatever She assented. "I love to hideaway, out beside that

it is, in the economy runs. Let's see: body weight Utah trail...."I'm afraid my show of bravado wasn't

times waist measurement, times age, divided by Provo very convincing. What was once a trim waist bulged

elevation over accustomed elevation squared, minus bellows -like ahead of me, protruding and receding as blood pressure to get a standard score. This could I gasped for breath in the thin air.

be expressed in a percentile norm which should take "New hope was kindled for ahead was our goal,"into consideration the degree of large muscle activity as they say on TV. A block letter "Y"formed of whiteassociated with a given occupation—but maybe the washed rocks some 200 yards ahead was like an oasis

heat's getting me. to a desert traveler.

"You're thinking, aren't you, Dad?"This from my There, beside the elongated "Y,"we had our family

hiking buddy who would often snap me out of my night, Mother presiding, I recuperating.

reverie at home with this question. "Who was Joseph Smith?"This from Carol, not

"Huh? Oh, yeah."one to miss an opportunity to teach the children the

"Daddy, carry me. My legs hurt."She was tired. gospel. Kathleen, eager to respond (I suspect she's

Carry her I did. a hand waver at school), Bradley carefully eyeing a

Shade cast by a gnarled oak twenty yards up the beetle, David throwing (Continued on page 593)

AUGUST I960 569 I One Sunday the regular teacher of a Sunday School contagion in my classes?"Looked at from this point

class was absent, and one of the ward members was of view, teaching a lesson will involve whatever is called upon at the last minute to act as a substitute. heard, seen, felt, or thought during the class period.

She came into class a little late, and the students were We have often been reminded that example is the already restless and noisy. The poise with which best teacher, but we seldom realize the implications

this charming woman created her atmosphere in that of this truth in classroom situations. Nor have we

class was like a miracle. She said nothing about order, commonly applied "example"to the feeling as well

but the dignity of her own refinement made it apas to the seeing side of experience. We say we would

parent that order was appropriate. She told a story, rather see a sermon than hear one, but we could also

and every student in the class lived it with the telling. appropriately say that we would rather feel the

The story and the subject of the lesson are long since spiritual strength of a person than to hear his testiforgotten, but the lady and the feeling she gave about mony.

the gospel and herself still live in memory. That was The following are a few situations where these

contagious teaching. principles may apply to classroom teaching situations:

Recently a mature student said to his teacher, "I'm The objective of a lesson, for example, is to teach getting far more from you than from your lessons."the importance of knowledge and that a man is saved

He seemed to imply that he valued other things no faster than he obtains knowledge. The teacher

exemplified by the teacher more than he valued the comes to class unprepared and reads the lesson to content of the lesson. We learn by contagion when students. ("The book says it much better than I can,"

what the teacher is and what the teacher does give is the excuse.) What does the class learn about the

lasting impressions about life and the gospel. Every importance of knowledge? With their ears they hear

teacher might appropriately ask himself, "How much some words on this subject, but their teacher has more are my students getting from me than lesson taught them through actual experience that knowledge content?"Or perhaps teachers could ask themselves, is not important. If it were, the teacher would have

"What kind of things are my students learning by it. He would not simply read the lesson; he would

Conducted by the Unified Church School System know it and speak from his heart. When a teacher frustration, and insecurity by contagion.

reads the lesson in class, or permits the members of Some teachers take egotistical pride in being the class to discuss "anything they would like to for realistic. They "discover"that some leader was hutoday,"or spends all of the time on his own pet subman or that some hero made a mistake, and then they

ject, he is surely teaching negatively about the manual begin to play up these events. Under these circumlesson, the gospel, and himself. stances, great truths and encouraging examples are

The same may be said of the teacher who uses an sometimes minimized because someone wants to be easy excuse for absenting himself from class. Students "honest"about history. There is no objection to being

know that if teachers consider their responsibility honest about history, but we should keep all things important they will be present whenever possible. in their proper perspective.

Teachers easily discredit themselves and their posiEvery teacher needs to keep in mind his primary tion when they show students that knowledge is not objective. Students may learn from such procedure

important to them, and neither is service. the false idea that the important things to look for

A few years ago a young woman complained that in understanding history are weakness and mistakes.

although she loved the gospel she hated to go to SunThey may learn by contagion to enlarge the human day School. She reported that her teacher was well side of the Church and its leaders, and to minimize

prepared, but she came away from class depressed the divine.

and almost rebellious. Lively discussions took place, Other teachers leave students thrilled with conbut they left her disappointed and frustrated. She viction. They have gleaned from history its great

wanted to fight against something, but did not know salient truths. They have found greatness in men

just what to fight. The weekly "debate,"where no to illustrate desirable qualities of character. They

positive conclusion was reached, left her with a feeling have found God's purpose being realized through the of insecurity. The teacher was trying to create an inspiration and devoted service of some of his chilintellectual atmosphere; he was promoting class dren. Feeling strongly about these things themselves,

participation; but this girl was learning uncertainty, such teachers have (Continued on page 604)

mm

by Contagion

by Albert L. Payne

Associate Director, Salt Lake Institute of Religion

Leadership Development { by Sterling W. Sill Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

s

There are thousands of roads leading to every conceivable destination.

One of the most important secrets of leadership reason being that the road leading to success and success, whether in the Church or elsewhere, finds its happiness is so narrow that most people are unable best expression in the familiar statement of Jesus to stay within bounds for a sufficient length of time.

wherein he said, "Enter ye in at the strait gate:... The natural tendencies of people require a broader

Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way which road than real success will permit. A broad road is

leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it."( Matt. easier to follow; it has more room for sidestepping

7:1314.) and meandering. The broad road does not limit one

It is granted that everyone wants to be happy and to straight thinking or selfdiscipline. We have a

everyone wants to be successful. And yet so many tendency to want more latitude than a narrow road

people with high goals and worthy ambitions arrive can give. Have you ever heard of anyone getting off

at an unplanned and an unwanted destination. The the straight and narrow way at right angles. Failure

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

begins by merely broadening the way. Our inclinaout of bounds. The four million alcoholics in the

tions so frequently entice us to explore the side roads United States were at one time splendid people. None

that don't take us where we want to go. of them deliberately set out for the dreadful place

Far too much time of the ordinary traveler is spent at which they arrived. They probably had fine ideals

on the detours and the deadend streets. There are and good intentions. They certainly wanted to live

thousands of roads leading to every conceivable happy, useful, respected lives. Their mistake came

destination. Some of these are easy and pleasant only because they made their road too broad.

because they have so few restrictions. They are broad So frequently we hold in our minds great objectives

enough to permit many kinds of activity not comand high ideals at the very moment that our hands patible with success. are reaching for forbidden things and our feet are

In our journey toward accomplishment many things taking us down the broad road that leads to destrucmust be considered. A worthy objective is important. tion.

A fine ambition is wonderful. Great enthusiasm is Some people call themselves "broadminded."But

helpful. But we had also better make certain about their span of thinking sometimes gets so extended that

the road itself on which the journey is to be made. All many undesirable things get into the program. We

great achievement, whether it be intellectual, social, describe an interesting trait called tolerance, which physical, spiritual, or financial is reached by the naroften implies a yielding of ground. We moderate and

row road in the exact meaning that Jesus attached to compromise. Society has become very tolerant about

this term. the use of alcohol, delinquency, sin, and ignoring reWe all know, for example, that concentration is imligious commandments. We have become very tolerant

portant to success. Gladstone, when asked the secret of things that cause failure. We have become very

of his successful career, answered with one word, tolerant of the broad road itself. We tend to believe

"Concentration."Emerson said the same thing. That too much in "the happy ending,"regardless of which

is also what Jesus meant when he said, "... if therefore road is taken. Broadmindedness has sometimes been

thine eye be single...."(See ibid., 6:22.) "A double compared to the Powder River—very broad but very

minded man is unstable in all his ways."(James 1:8; shallow. It is the narrow stream that goes deep to

see also 4:8.) "No man can serve two masters."form the torrent that tears away the mountainside.

(Matt. 6:24.) Concentration is not a sixlane highThere are some religious organizations that say it

way. Concentration is achieved by limiting the scope. doesn't matter much which church you belong to, or

We narrow the vision, tune out distractions and focus what you do in the church. They say all people have

the aim. good in them and will all get to the same place in the

Decision is another of the important ingredients of end. We hear that it doesn't matter so much what

success. Decision is also narrow. Decision is the gate; you believe or what you do; it is pleasing to some

performance is the way. We must make up our minds people to adopt a very broad, loose, winding road

about specific things, then focus our attention and where anything will fit.

go by the compass, not by our whims. If one is to Whatever we may think about the God of salvation,

be specific and exact, he must give up vagueness and isn't it interesting that the God of nature is narrow?

generalities. Success decrees that decisions must be At sea level, water boils at 212 F., not 210. Water

made, standards must be set up. Latitudes must be freezes at 32 F., but not at 34. The God of science

restricted. Inharmonious things must be ruled out is narrow. Objects heavier than air are always atof bounds. The song that says, "Don't fence me in"tracted toward the center of the earth. They never

does not describe the narrow way that leads to make an exception. That seems very narrow, but

success. that is the way it is.

Selfdiscipline is also narrow. Take for example The return of a planet from a five hundred million

those people who are troubled by obesity. The prinmile orbit can be foretold to the minute. Planets are

ciple causing their problem is the broad road. If the given no latitude for meandering. Electricity is narweight is to be reduced it merely means a more narrow row. A compass will always point to the magnetic

way. Certain things must be placed out of bounds. north, never to the east or west. A compass is not

Restrictions must be imposed. Limitations must be very broadminded. Mathematics is narrow. Two

placed on intake. A tighter reign must be held on times two is always four, never three and seveneighths.

the appetite. The greater the desired reduction, the If you have ever had an airplane ride through a

narrower the road must be. violent storm which required an instrument landing,

In the Word of Wisdom the Lord merely narrowed you may remember how you prayed for a narrowthe road leading to health by putting certain things minded pilot. One flash ( Continued on page 588

AUGUST I960 573 Not waiting for further reports the director general

Conclusion: went immediately to the area, arriving in the evening. The Thirsty He obtained a horse and rode northeast from the city.

He spotted a group of girls and women who had gathered from three villages in the vicinity with clay

oil jugs, cans, goatskins, for water empty and whatnot, Farms of Iran their daily gossip. domestic and for obWater was

tained from an open well about eight to ten feet deep.

They walked barefooted down steps that had been worn deep, the sand clinging to the bottom of their by L. M. Winsor feet as they climbed out of the water up the steps.

When they were gone, the director decided that he must taste the water even though fifteen or more pairs of feet had been in it. He did so and found it

to be "good."Next morning three crews of diggers

were put to work at various angles pointing toward the sandrock covered hills from which the water must surely come. In less than a day their digging revealed

a broad expanse of underground water coming from under an area of lightcolored sand dunes between the well and the foothill range of mountains. Immediately ghnat diggers were put to work, three crews

of them in doubleshifts of twelve hours each, beginning on the low land below the first well, but between it and Bushire.

Bushire is made of flattop or domecovered buildings, constructed so as to catch rain water, which is run into cisterns cut out of the sand rock and plastered. In these water is stored for domestic use.

Most of these cisterns had gone dry when this emergency developed.

As soon as digging was begun on the ghnats, an effort was made to procure pipe. The water, when

developed, would have to be carried to the base of the island upon which the city is built, a distance of about 22 kilometers or 13.6 miles.

A low ridge connects the mainland with the base of the island. It is inundated at high tide. This, too,

would have to be crossed.

First a way had to be found for making the pipe

It is imperative... that the common man be given

a chance for "a place in the sun."

for none could be purchased during World War II. Immediately I drove to Zayendi Rud. I found

Clay molders who tread turntables by foot were encanals and ditches in the upper valley filled to overgaged. On the turntables huge masses of clay were flowing. Water was wasting in swamps and lowlands.

placed and molded into pipes 14 inches in diameter In the lower valley, there was no water. Wheat

and 18 inches long, with a bell end. These were was turning white at the ends of the heads. It had to

burned and vitrified to make them watertight. This have water at once or it would not mature.

was done while the ghnat lines were being dug. The valley is about 250 kilometers ( 155 miles

When enough water was procured to fill the pipe, At one farm I found a man and his wife and older digging ceased. boys drawing bull hide buckets of brackish water

The pipe was buried in a trench, then the portion from a well fifty feet or so deep and pouring it onto crossing the ridge was completely covered with a his grain crop. He said, without stopping work: "You

heavy coating of sandy soil into which was mixed a see, we are trying to save a little. But the water,

rich supply of lime to make a plaster that would keep 'he'is not good."

salt water out. I returned to Isfahan and asked the governor gen-

A reservoir was built. Used pipe was procured from eral to call a meeting of all the village chiefs in the

AngloIranian Oil Company for delivering the water valley. The meeting was duly called, and a plan was

from the reservoir to the city. A pump was installed presented. By careful distribution there would be

and water, good water, was delivered to the main water enough for all, so I asked for complete control centers of Bushire, where people could come and fill of the river for two weeks. Some of the upper users

their vessels without restraint. What rejoicing! One were growing rice, and rice requires inundation all

seldom has the opportunity to see streams of tears the time. These users were afraid that they would

flowing down hundreds of dusky cheeks. Tears of be cut short.

gratitude. I explained that all I wished to do was to make an

This job was supervised entirely by an able Iranian equitable distribution based upon the crops they were engineer, Farzoneh. growing, and I promised them that no one would

A project that saved villagers in lower Zayendi Rud suffer.

(River) from famine was carried out before the Bu- I called for a show of hands of all who would shire undertaking. support the plan. Only a few hands came up. They

The director general received a request (through were not used to voting. They had always been told

the Minister of Agriculture) signed by the heads of what to do.

over 300 villages in the lower Zayendi Rud valley Finally after further explanation I called for a standbelow Isfahan, an ancient capital city. Most of the ing vote. Every man stood up.

signatures were by "thumb print."They could not Early next morning the division of water began at

write their own names. the first diversion. Two armed soldiers were left at

In substance the petition read: "All the water o each canal intake, these to be replaced after twelve

Zayendi Rud is being consumed and wasted by the hours of duty.

water users above Isfahan. Our grain crop is coming It was near the close of the second day when I

in head but the ends of the heads are already turning reached the last diversion, where two canals take white because of no moisture in the soil. We must out side by side on each side of the river bed and run

have help, water, at once or we die. Please help us."in this manner for some distance. There were over

100 men near the intake when I arrived. They had The first diversion laterals were larger than the

been cleaning sand and gravel from the canals and largest of the Snake River canals in Idaho. These have

piling it high on the banks. Also they had stretched until now, been considered to be of mammoth propor-

a long canopy of woven goat's hair overhead to make tions.

a shelter from the sun, and had spread a mat of carpets In more recent times, 2500 years or so ago, a comunderneath upon which they had spread simple rebination diversion dam and bridge was built across freshments in honor of the American (Parzan) who River Diz, presumably by the Romans. This consisted

was bringing water to their ditches. of a series of arches. Most of the structure is still

Providence helped, too, because it rained in the standing.

mountains and increased the flow in the river. It would require a relatively small amount of work

While we partook of refreshment, the question was to put the diversion system into operation again.

asked: "Will the water really come?"The answer was: The ancient irrigation layout is easily discernible

"Yes, it will be here very soon."from the air. It covers lands at least twenty miles

One skeptical user mounted a skinny horse and rode wide and fifty miles long.

up the dry streambed. Presently he returned, whipping Northwest of Kum and south of Saveh, is an ancient

his pony into a run and shouting: arch dam built of stone and some kind of very hard

"It comes, it comes, the water comes."Everybody cement mortar. The dam is still standing intact, except

but me rushed to the high banks. I approached more that water has gone under it. A very little work will

slowly. As the water began pouring into the canals, restore this magnificent structure for use again.

I saw tears streaming down the dirty cheeks of many Some say that the mortar was made by grinding men. wellburned clay then mixing it with lime and using

They crowded around me wanting to touch my a limited amount of eggs in the mix. At any event,

clothes. Some fell down and kissed my boots. All the native builders still make mortar of burned clay

were grateful and wanted to show it in some way. and lime. Eggs are used extensively for eating, but

One man said: "We have asked before for governthe supply is much more limited than it was when

mental help. Never until now has it come. And it wild fowl were plentiful, and when grain was more

was brought by an American."abundant than now. Today they have many chickens,

Irrigation is a very old art in Iran. There is evibut chickens are scavengers. They must find their

dence of cities that must have housed over a million own food.

people. The old buildings are in such complete ruin Persian builders have retained the art of making

that there is not a trace to the casual observer. But arches and domes. They do it without the use of

to one who is looking for evidence there are marks of forms for support. They extend one adobe brick, or

discernment. One such city existed just north of one rock, out a little beyond the course beneath. All

Ahwaz on the south of Karun River. My time would the while they keep a counter balance behind them

not permit me to make a complete study, but I did which prevents the arch from falling in. Finally the

find scraps of irrefutable evidence. "key brick"or the "keystone"is put in place, and the

One such find was when I discovered bits of an arch is complete.

ancient crucible hewn out of sandstone in which glass In making a dome, the bricks or adobes are placed had been melted. A layer of glass onehalf inch thick so that each ring is a little smaller than the ring below.

is sticking to the pieces of sandstone which I found. Each ring has a keystone (or key brick), and the

Then I found the bottom of a small glass bottle, one whole is selfsupporting.

that may have been made for perfume. The better buildings are covered by domes. DrainThese large cities were located on or near large age from the domes is directed into cisterns so that no

irrigation systems. Just south of the ruins indicated water is lost. In this way all rain water is saved for

is evidence that River Karun was diverted into two domestic use.

immense canals. One of these covered the plain north There are signs of many earthfill dams for storage

of the river and west also southwest to the Tigris and of irrigation water; but none have been in use since

Euphrates rivers. they were destroyed by invaders more than two thouThe other one on the south side was the largest sand—probably over twentysix hundred years ago.

canal I have ever seen or that I know of having been However, storage water was extremely limited on built anywhere. It had a series of short tunnels at the the uplands—that occupy one half of the interior.

intake. It ran southwest through the present city of A high mountain range extends from west to east

Ahwaz, then turned south about ten miles below across the northern provinces. This range is about

Ahwaz, then southeast. It was about 600 feet wide 12,500 feet high, with Mount Damavand, about forty

at a point two miles southwest of Ahwaz. miles northeast of Teheran, ( Continued on page 586

576 THE IMPROVEMENT EEA The Era of YouthAUGUST 1960 Marion D. Hanks, Editor; Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

-M-t:.

ELEVEN years ago, our grand old neighbor, Bryant S.

Hinckley, then eightytwo years of age, walked through his r orchard one day to behold an unusual sight in the back of our lot. My brotherin-law, another neighbor, my three sons,

aged eight, eleven, and fourteen, and I were pouring footings for a new barn. The old red barn had crashed to earth in a

strong wind, and the boys and I decided to build a new one.

This was to be rugged, rustic, of our own design, and to be built with our own hands. So off to Weber Canyon we had

gone, sixtyfive miles away, and hauled down load after load

Summer is campfires and singing... of poles and slabs in a big truck.

the strum of a uke. What Brother Hinckley saw that summer morning pleased

It's crickets and watermelon, swimming, him. He patted the boys on the shoulder and said, "That's

and sunburn. It's new faces and places... the way to do. No boy ever becomes a man until he learns

new combos and couples... to love to work."

new meaning to an old song. Many young folks look upon work as a duty, a necessary

Summer is odd jobs, big dreams, evil, or even a curse. They associate fun with eating, playing,

adventures... entertainment, or a car ride. If it were not for the necessity

and lonely nights gazing at the stars. of getting money, some might never lift a hand to work.

It's pingpong on the patio and reading Work can be fun and can satisfy a person's desires as few beneath a tree. It's climbing a mountain things can. When I was fourteen years of age and my

and roping a calf. It's giggles and brother sixteen, we went to work on a ranch 180 miles from

gliders, driveins, and long, lazy days home, driving all day in a chaindriven truck to get there.

with no homework. Uncle Teddy was our employer, a man who had as much

Summing it up, taking in every last bit of it courage in adversity as any man I have ever known. He

with wide open eyes, ears and heart, had a way with boys. Seldom did he give detailed instrucsummer is just about the nicest thing tions; he simply told us what to do and expected us to do it.

that can happen to anybody... The first time we harnessed a team of horses, the collars

especially when you are young! went on upside down. One day we were told to clear off ten

acres of sagebrush. We had never done anything like this

before and were making slow progress. So I went to find

Uncle Teddy to get him to tell us how to do it. His answer

was simply that a neighbor boy, whom we had thought quite stupid, had grubbed out ten acres the previous spring and done a fine job. Nothing more needed to. be said; we cleared

the field of brush.

Before the summer was over, we had changed the course of a mountain creek, dug a new canal, put in miles of fencing, and helped put up a stack or two of hay every day for weeks. But best

of all, we had come to feel strength in our f shoulders, backs, arms, and legs. More thrilling than our physical strength, however, was

the selfconfidence we had gained. No longer

w wereAfterwe workingafraid offortacklingUncle anyTeddynew job.

for two summers, I was afraid of no man. I suppose if the Lord had

asked me to run the universe, I would have answered, "Yes sir, when shall I begin,"so great was the strength, courage, selfconfi- dence, and independence of spirit that I had university. Then they divided the boys and

gained. girls into groups of six, with a captain over

In my observations of college students for each group. Homes and yards were cleaned

some twentyfive years, my own earlier exwith enthusiasm, and in fellowship and the perience has been verified again and again. vigor of youth.

Boys and girls who like to work, who have After the day's work, the learned to use their hands, who have stayed groups came together in the with the job in the face of great difficulty, recreation hall where hot sandare the happiest and most successful in study wiches, salad, ginger ale, and and in marriage. pie ala mode were served.

Some twenty years ago two quiet, unThen the felassuming freshman boys came to us from lows and girls their farms in Fielding, Utah. They were "kicked up

not unusually brilliant boys, but were very steady and conscientious. I suppose they had

thinned beets day after day until every muscle in their bodies ached. They applied

their work habits to their studies, and today they both have Ph.D.'s

in science and are teaching at two major universities in the United

States.

One spring our fraternity at the institute of religion decided to have a new kind of party.

The committee in charge searched out widows, the aged, the afflicted in the vicinity of the

L. BENNION

InBY LOW ELL In the sweat of thy face (continued) ows next Saturday,"the leader replied.

In arranging for places to work, a woman their heels"in a Virginia reel and many was called on the telephone to see if she other oldfashioned dances. The governor's needed some help. Her reply was, "How much

son remarked, "I've never had so much real will this cost me?"The answer was, "Nothfun in one day in my whole life."ing. Some college boys want to help you just

Another work experience was equally refor fun and fellowship."

warding. One Sunday morning the leader of This good sister broke down and wept, and

the institute priesthood group said, "Brethsaid something as follows: "I have been a

ren, we've talked about priesthood here all widow for eight years. I live alone. This is

winter. Don't you think it's time we did the first time anyone has ever offered to help

something in the name of our priesthood?"me in a physical, tangible way."

"All right. What do you suggest?"asked Think of it! No neighbor, no Boy Scout

a member. troop, no Aaronic or Melchizedek Priesthood

"Well, let's clean up yards for some widquorum, no MIA group of girls—all belonging

SxAXYxnaetr

This barbecue is Great all right Let neighbors sleep Some other night.

Dr. years, Lowell L. many For

generations inspired has to the true Church of Jesus Christ—had ever Bennion

thought to put their shoulders to the wheel of youth to greater faith, richer understanding, and increased deto gladden the heart of a precious child of votion to the Church through his

God. teaching, writing, and example.

A wise Father in heaven knew man's need SaltHe hasLakeservedCity Instituteas Directorof Religionof the when he sent Adam and Eve forth from the since 193hHe was graduated life of ease in the lush Garden of Eden to a BA degree in fromhistorythe andUniversitypoliticalofscienceUtah withand eat their bread "in the sweat of their face"served the Church as district president while in the with the remark, "Cursed is the ground for SwissElder GermanBennion Missionpursuedfromstudies1928intoGermany,1931. Austria,

thy sake;... thorns and thistles shall it bring and France and obtained his doctorate in social

forth to thee."(Gen. 3:17, 18.) These words philosophy1933. He hasfrombeenthea memberUniversityof theof highStrasborg,council inof

in Ecclesiastes were meant for us too: the East Mill Creek (Utah) Stake and is now a high

"Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, (that is, councilmanpresently a memberin the Universityof the M Men(Utah)committeeStake. onHetheis

thy labor under the sun) do it with thy general board of the YMMIA. Elder Bennion married Merle Cotton in the Salt Lake Temple, and they

have five children. might "(Ec'c. 9:10.) >

cs We must look brown When we get home;

So 'we will sun Where'er we roam.

This farmer's melons Look so good We'll help ourselves—

D'you think we should?

i&F \ and some are not

We'll leave our mark Our picnic was For all to see A huge success From here until

But we're too tired Eternity To clean the mess WHEN?

A lot depends on the parents, when and for what a teen gets to use the car He should demonstrate that he is mature enough to accept the responsibility of driving Not only is age important, but what kind of person the teen is

Some sixteeners are ready to handle a car and some just aren't New drivers should be on probation by parents before they're allowed to have the car There are fewer top grade scholars among car owners than noncar owners, percentagewise, so it would seem that it is better for a teen to wait until after high school to own his own car

I bought my first car when I was 16, and I am an honor student, but my folks restrict my use of it somewhat I get the car if I can prove my need for it We take turns at our house using

When it comes to the juggling thehavecarsome definite | canplacehavetothego car at nightEven onlythoughif I folks afford won't let have can to buy me it, myof the issues surrounding the use of it of permits because the freedom own car now myI cars, teens have definite ideas. When I use the family car, I pay for the

gas Teens should help foot the gas bill when

Herewith a smattering of they ride with each other, too When should girl be allowed to go with a boy in a car alone? their views taken from taped a

When she's old enough to drive herself Junior interviews with representative boys high girls shouldn't go out with boys old enough to and girls of various ages. withdrive,girlsanyway,and carso thatdatestakes care A ofgirltheshouldage problembe sixteen, at least I don't think young boys should

be allowed to ride around with boys just old enough to drive, either.

WHERE?

There definitely should be rules concerning offlimit areas for teens in cars Maybe daytime and nighttime driving should determine where a teen can take the car Canyons, lonely roads, busy highways should be offlimits at night, anyway

If they'd make laws about where we could drive, it would save us embarrassment in front of other kids

It would help if parents would get together on what they will and won't allow because some teens can take the car anyplace, anytime, and that

THE ERA OF YOUTH

makes it tough on the rest of us Teens should I were dating a boy who started to drive recklessly, not take the car great distances from home when I'd ask him to stop driving that way or else to please they are inexperienced drivers One who has take me home 'I'm not impressed by reckhad driver education probably is better qualified to less, speedy drivers, I'm just plain scared drive to more places Students who drive Cars are for dates when you are knocking around during school hours aren't respected. Some around with the crowd, you don't need one

of the nicest fellows I know are school leaders, and I think it's a good idea to know who else will be in they don't drive to school. I wish they'd restrict cars the car with you when you agree to go for a ride.

at school | don't think there should be any You may get with a couple who wants to park or restrictions except those perhaps a family sets up you may be with a crowd who are so noisy and wild for its own teen. they distract the driver.

WHAT FOR? HOW LATE?

I feel there should be a curfew enforced for allA fellow needs a car for a date A girl can't

If there were,be expected to walk to the prom or anyplace in young people who are out in cars late.

dressy clothes Girls like boys with cars better most of the problems could be controlled

I take my car to school because I work after Lateness depends on where you are going and what

Teens go more places and farther away from for it's after midnight when kids get in home these days, so you either have to have a car trouble riding around in cars It doesn't look or be taxied around by parents and when you are good to be out late in cars Parents worry of driving age, that's deadly! Some of the when you don't get home The time is a matnicest memories I have are walking dates I'd ter of maturity and responsibility of the teen driving

rather walk than not be asked because a boy could Depends on what the girl's parents say a can't take before she she says boy A girl home carnot get a think kids have you So many all to, drives night has if he even her around really with so for but school, now,to car a have many driving it spoils the fun we used to have walkHe can, too! It's his responsibility to take care of his

ing home in crowds. date and that means getting her home at a decent

hour and in one piece, no matter what she says or doesn't say If a car is a means of picking up WITH WHOM? your date more quickly, and getting to the party

Lead me to the safe drivers. I've been in one accimore quickly, then it should be a means of getting

dent, and that's one too many Kids who take home more quickly, too if the family agrees the car or who ride with a driver who isn't qualified to lend the car, he should be able to agree to be or licensed are really foolish Someone who home when they want him to Just because a has had driver training and had the right things emteen is of driving age is no sign he or she can stay blazoned in his mind is the best kind to ride out any later than before Some kids drive with it's better to be a live "chicken"than around at night aimlessly; even if it's only ten o'clock

a dead one Steer clear of showoffs |f it's time to go home under those circumstances.

A SUMMARY

BY DR. VAUGHN W. HALL, UTAH STATE DIRECTOR OF DRIVER TRAINING, MEMBER OF

THE YMMIA GENERAL BOARD, AND STATE DIRECTOR OF HEALTH, O PHYSICAL EDUCATION, AND RECREATION.

—IfAn automobileit monopolizescan betime,a blessingmoney, oranda curseenergydependingat the expenseupon theof purposegood gradesand manneror participationof its use. in Church

—Ifactivitiesit is ordriventhe carelesslypursuit oforotherrecklessly,worthwhileit can objectives,be an instrumentit is an ofunwholesometerrible destruction.thing.—If it carries the clean and innocent to dark places where they tamper with tragedy, where they lose

—Ifvirtueit isandusedselfrespect,to nourish reputationan already andoverfattenedquiet conscience,ego and enticesit is a oneplague.to break laws, it is a subtle tool of

the adversary in undermining character.

But an automobile need do none of these. It can bless and bring joy to those who have the good sense

to use it wisely and drive it carefully. It can be a useful tool for the accomplishment of wholesome purposes.

My experience with several thousand young people in driver education convinces me that, when given proper instruction and guidance in the use of the automobile, they can be among the wisest, safest, and most

I responsible of drivers.

AUGUST 1960 Getting to know

ERA YOUTH WRITING CONTEST WINNERS

First place winner in the Era of Youth writing An entry from Utah State University Stake, "Somecontest, 1214 age group, is Barry Guy Stalker of body to God,"took top honors in the 1825 year

Grace, Idaho. Barry's entry, "Friends,"earned a group for Deanna Whitaker, whose home is in

$100 savings account in the bank of his choice for Idaho. She says: "I love the gospel and the youth

a future college or mission fund and a threeyear program of the Church—beyond a doubt it has made

subscription to The Improvement Era. Barry is me what I am today."Deanna has a one year's

secretary of his deacons quorum of Grace Ward, tuition to Brigham Young University, or its equivaBannock (Idaho) Stake, and scribe in his Scout lent in cash for an educational or mission fund, and troop. a threeyear subscription to the Era.

First place winner in the 1517 age group is 17year- When Jack Nelson entered the shortshort story old L. Carl Howlett, whose home is in Draper, Utah. division of our contest, with his title "The Third

His title was "Make Mine God's Plan"—and he has Date,"he had an Austin, Texas, address. Now with

a $100 savings account and a threeyear subscription his first prize of $100 cash and a threeyear subscripto the Era. Besides having quite a way with expresstion to the Era, his address is still Texas—"Laredo,"

ing his thoughts in words, Carl has won second place or, as he says, "I can be reached... c/o Spanishin a Metropolitan Science Fair exhibit. His hobby American Mission."Congratulations, Elder Jack

is physics and electronics. Nelson, and all you other winners.

AGE 12 TO 14 AGE 15 TO 17 AGE 18 TO 25 SHORTSHORT STORY

First First First 29 and Under

Barry Guy Stalker L. Carl Howlett Deanna B. Whitaker First

Grace, Idaho Draper, Utah Logan, Utah Jack Nelson

Second Second Second Austin, Texas

Judy Robinson Cheryl Adams Mary Joan Ray Second

Salt Lake City, Utah Long Beach, California Provo, Utah George A. Mortimer

Third Third Third La Marque, Texas

Jo Ann Jolley Karen Maxwell Jay Ricardo V. Archuletta Third

Los Altos, California Los Angeles, California Salt Lake City, Utah JoAnne Rhoades

Honorable Mention Honorable Mention Honorable Mention Tabiona, Utah

Olson Linda Lorraine Elda Banner James E. Sessions

Springfield, Virginia Declo, Idaho Heyburn, Idaho Honorable Mention

Margaret Durham Grant Brand Walther Shirley Huerta Elaine D. Bush

Ogden, Utah Anchorage, Alaska Glendale, California Temple View, New Zealand

James Stuart Jardine Carol Ann Beesley Marjorie Kaye Waite Marshall J. Nelson

Colorado Springs, Colorado Bountiful, Utah Provo, Utah Portland, Oregon

Susan Grant Verlynne Insley Betty Jean Scarlf Jerald Ray Johansen

Ogden, Utah Canoga Park, California Columbus, Indiana Tropic, Utah

Dianne Astle Roger S. Porter Gladys Anderson Wilfred Moir, Jr.

Pittsburg, California Overton, Nevada St. Ignatius, Montana Gladstone, Oregon

THE ERA OF YOUTH

THEY went up the walk together. He wanted

to reach out and take her hand, but somehow couldn't find the nerve.

Meeting the folks was never easy, but he felt that this girl was something special and that made it doubly hard. It was only their

third date, and Wilf Grayson had a streak of shyness in him.

The mother was easy and gave a warm welcome. But the father, a sternlooking

army officer, rose from his chair in the den, and seemed to pierce Wilf's very soul with searching iceblue eyes.

Then they were introduced, and Carolyn swung off gaily into the kitchen. The colonel

stood sizing him up, as if appraising an inferior officer.

"You play chess, Grayson?"he asked in

clipped tones.

"A little. I'm not much good."

"Too bad. You should study chess. Teaches

you discipline, strategy."He moved to where

a chessboard was set up and began toying with the pieces. Then he talked about his

army career, blusteringly belittling the other professions.

"Carolyn says you've been on your mission,"the colonel went on. "What about your

service obligation? Have you been in service

yet?"Wilf felt a resentment stir within him at the man's demanding manner. "No sir, I There was a shocked silence,

have a trick knee that I got in football back the colonel set up a knight in high school that ruined me for the service."that had fallen 01

The colonel snorted in disgust. "Humph,

football! What a fool's pastime. Twists our battle at Inchon Reservoir. He was killed

young men's knees and cracks their heads. there. Perhaps you're thinking of barring

It should be barred from our schools and colthe wrong sport."

leges. A husky young man like you should There was a shocked silence. The colonel

be a soldier. Only career for a young man. set up a knight that had fallen over.

Think how many young men that silly game Later in the car, Wilf was dejected. "Well,

ruins for the armed services."I botched it, didn't I?"he said.

Wilf shuffled uneasily. The man was Carolyn smiled. "No, just the opposite.

pompous and impolite, but he was Carolyn's Daddy's a tyrant sometimes with new peofather. And then he thought of his older ple. The army, you know. But when we left,

brother, so long ago... and he knew that he told me to bring you over for chess somehe had to say it. time. He said you had grit, and that you

"But on the other hand, sir,"Wilf said could teach him a move or two."

slowly and with some irony, "think of all Wilf breathed a sigh of relief. They drove

the young men that soldiering and war have down Maple Street without talking more.

ruined for football. Like my brother. He He felt her hand rest softly on his arm. It

was a great fullback and had a fine future. was their third date, but he knew it wouldn't

But he hasn't played any football since the be their last.

AUGUST 1960

ID LIKE TO mm KNOW

MEMORABLE MOMENT... following the Question

final performance of the Music Festival How can a young person get interested during June conference when the conductors in reading the scriptures?

applauded the chorus, the chorus applauded the conductors) the crowd applauded everyAnswer body, and we all cried together. We know that many young people are

sincerely seeking guidance and want to have

AND ALL THAT JAZZ... turning up in concert a testimony of the gospel. Some of the best

halls as "listening music"with you teens a rapt sources of counsel and conviction are the audience with nary a one batting a lash or scriptures. We'd like to help you get actapping a toe. quainted with them.

MICHAEL DRURY... insists that it's Our suggestion is that you have a copy of

smart for one to be creative about life. the Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and

Says he, "Creativity is not half so Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price of your much aptitude as attitude on the heels own. An inexpensive edition will do. Keep

of awareness. a red pencil and a small ruler in your book.

These pages will occasionally include refRUSSIAN IN A BOX... with tiny flash erences to the scriptures. Sometimes the

cards of basic words you tote and memorize questions you send in may invite scriptural on the move. A cinch for busy teens on a answers.

foreign language jag.

Whenever a reference is given (here or in look reading), other book, it up in your own IT HAPPENED TO YOU IIIHHI it it (underline or outline read aloud, mark... Kathy Keihke,

talented student::.'the verse), and think about it. Perhaps you

violinist from Monwill want to put a note or a word or a crossument Park Stake, reference in your margin.

summing up summer This will start you on the great adventure in Puerto Rico as a of searching the scriptures, will help you to

Utah delegate to learn to love them, and will give you great the International sources for counsel and conviction. Join in!

Congress of Strings And get your family to join in with you!

... Bonnie Elton BONNIE ELTON

and her folksinging partner, Sue McClenahan of Menlo Park, took top honors in a tristate talent contest; won a

week in New York "on the house."

We like the answers we're getting from

MODEL TEENS... high style fellows and their you to the question one of you asked: "For

friends doing the "pease porridge hot and cold"what and when should we pray."Some of

bit on the last page of this section are Jeff Anderthem will be printed in these pages soon. For

son, Suzzanne Budd, Nancy Muhlestein, and some scriptural direction, how about reading

Curtis Booth. Picnic people summing up sumand marking the following in your books

mer are Provo teens Ann Rasmussen, Mel Craw- "Counsel with the Lord in all thy doings, and he ford, Carole Pedersen, and Richard Dalebout. will direct thee for good; yea, when thou liest down

at night lie down unto the Lord, that he may watch over you in your sleep; and when thou risest in the

let heart thy morning be full of thanks unto God; for the prowl we're on THISHEAR

things, do if ye these De lifted and ye shall at up If art. this you, means with..teens with a wayI. the last day."37:37 Alma for of us samples your worksend along some

to consider. Manuscripts from you literary Also read and mark: Alma 34:1728; Secbugs and budding poets are welcome, too. ond Nephi 32:9; James 1:5.

10 THE ERA OF YOUTH is a great time for exercising V the lUUSCleS and the imagination and for another kind of stretching out that some believe is the most difficult exercise known to man!—that is, for thinking, for meditation.

xperience isn't limited to certain seasons or circumstances or places, but there is > cjuiet summer hour by the lake or the stream, or on the hillside,

orin the forest or the field or the park.

about or contemplate? Well, sometime you must think about and

scide what kind of person you'd really like to be, what you a husband or wife, the family life you hope to have,

the causes you will serve, the work you'll be happy doing, d of community in which VMfM |$yf to live.

jilities for you are almost limitless, but one of the

he to reflect on

ou must do to achieve y< Ponder your possibilities, dfPBPSme dreams, chart course! Do your exercises! And remember what a wise man

said; "Associate reverently, and as much as you can,

with your loftiest thoughts!"MDH

Casual but not careless Some like it hot...

Some play it cool...

But either way, fashionwise teens beat the heat and collect kudos while doing it by wearing togs that are comfortable but always crisp looking; casual but never careless.

The theme of the summer of sixty moves briskly from classically styled sportswear to the sentimental refrain of afterfive party things. Only the unimaginative would make blue jeans their alltime, alloccasion

uniform, these days. Preference indicates it's much more fun to match outfits to moods, so that puttering or

partying, you take good looks all the way and emerge on the teen scene a neat picture of young fashion at its best. E C

Sportswear these days finds favor with teens when it's styled with simple good looks, faultless tailoring for a flawless fit (both fore and aft!) A garment which follows

the figure line too closely loses its high style appeal, its attractively casual appearance, its easy wearability. Watch

for signal flag colors, wild stripes teamed with stark white for dramatic contrast in both boys'and girls'leisure time wear.

For a Secondhand Car

by Iris H. Hathaway

It was a goodlooking young man who stood at my with someone who is worthy to enter the House of desk, and I smiled as I asked, "May I help you?"But the Lord might be compared to a shiny new automothe smile on my face soon faded as I looked down at bile—something that is worth waiting for as it is not

the withdrawal slip which he had thrust into my hand. shoddy or unclean and will not break down after

This piece of paper meant that the young man would only a little service.

be leaving college for some other type of activity, Does a busy mother make the same mistake unprobably employment that looked enticing at the knowingly? Do the hours that the children sit in

moment but would offer no future challenges. front of a television set seem to her to be hours which

My mind whirled as I thought of the year that I are saved for her so that she may accomplish somehad left high school and had shed many tears in thing which she considers worthwhile? How many

solitude because I knew that my desire to go to school hours of their childhood are lost without the sharing would not be realized, for with thirteen children in the of some activity with a parent? Does the convenience

family, it was all that a hardworking father could of having them engaged in this clean and quiet occudo just to supply the necessities of life without having pation ever compensate for the joy of watching them anything left over for a college education. And so, learn to accomplish something new?

I could not imagine anyone throwing away an opCan a parent who has not given of his time and portunity to further schooling and wondered if somehimself in the sharing of a project with a son or daughthing was wrong. Was there illness in the family? Had ter expect to be close to his children later? Will the

the father lost his job? hours saved be returned fullmeasure on some sleepVery much concerned, I asked him if there was less night when he does not know why the hour has

anything that we could do to help him but his reply grown late and his most treasured possession has not was sure, "No, I just can't go to school and keep up the returned from a dance or a show?

payments on my car."Thoughts come before action. Many thoughts have

Perhaps my shocked reply came too abruptly, "Do been poured into a child's mind as he sits in front you mean that you would trade a college education of a television set. Are they the thoughts that you

for a secondhand car?"want your child to have? Do you think that you can

He replied slowly, "You know, I never thought of it erase those thoughts in just a few sentences from you, that way before."as a parent, as to what is wrong and what is right.

There have been quite a number of young men The vehicle at hand, convenient as it may seem at come through with their withdrawal slips in their the time, is bound to break down at a crucial moment hands. Finding it too much to go to college and and parents are then left to try to get past the

support a car, they have chosen to leave college. adolescent years the best way they can.

How many other young people have grown up with If we are required to walk awhile, so to speak, or a false sense of values? In their teens, have they taken work longer hours while others seem to be speeding

what looked like the shortest way to popularity? Have past us, we will find that we have gained in moral and

they, in a sense, been content with a "secondhand physical strength by walking where the air is clean car"instead of waiting so that they might have the and untainted. And the end results will enable us to

better things in life that are promised to those who glide past those who are stalled on the highway of keep themselves morally clean. A temple marriage life because they settled for a "Secondhand Car."

AUGUST I960 577 First of all, I'd like to see someone arrive at a nice, concise statement of what a "normal family"is. (Someone besides a bachelor or a spinster, that is.) I'd

just like to see what he or she would say.

Because the five of us lead a life that has all the qualities of TV soapopera commercials (the part where it shows how dirty the children get their clothes before the miracle product takes over) plus a grade A movieversion of an air base sending strong, silent boys out on dangerous missions which always result in congressional medals of honor.—Don't go. There's

more.

Do you think that anyone would call this "normal"?

I hope we look fairly normal. So, perhaps, we are

normal. (You've no idea how comforting that is.)

It means, to outline it briefly, 1. That normal families use their garages as the

headquarters for the air force.

A. This means:

(1) That we have from five to nine boys in and out all day.

(2) We sometimes have a longfaced nineyear-old guard walking back and forth stiffly in front of the house.

(3) And we have to park the car in the driveway.

B. This includes:

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Luacine Clark Fox

(1) My two card tables—(only one has a (4) And practice drills of being shot, then

hole in it.) falling with haggard faces, gurgling

(2) All four folding chairs spasms—and ending with a final glassy-

(3) The electric fan from next door eyedstiff-legged flop.

(4) And an unidentified broken movie projector. Oh, I'm tired of outlining.

2. It means that normal families also have basic Does any of this sound "normal"? Is it normal to

training courses for the air force. hear things like,—quote,

A. This means: Mother: "Son, you go and wash your arms! What

(1) That every available cardboard carton will the doctor think"?

from the neighborhood store has to be Son: "But gol', Mom—he's gonna bandage my hand,

in our back yard. not look at my arms!"

(2) That four woodenbarrel tops have to be and there, too—Younger Son: "Hey, Mom!—Can I stay up a halfhour

(3) That doctor and nurses of the air force later tonight 'cause when you told me yesterday I have to wear their mother's white aprons could get up from my nap a halfhour earlier, 7 didn't—

as uniforms. huh, Mom?"

(4) And that parachute jumping is practised and from the garage roof until the parents Sevenyear-old Daughter (during statistics at stake put a stop to it. conference): "Hey Mommie, is that the commercial?"

B. This includes: Is all of this normal?

(1) Roll call ending with terse commands to And, oh yes—don't let me forget the sign in the front

be performed "on the double"—window. In bold black letters all passersby may read

(2) A real honestto-goodness map from a the thoughtprovoking statement, "COMING SOON."

real honestto-goodness air base. At first another sign was displayed next to it. It

(3) Elaborate maneuvers having to do with told that there was to be a mammoth production climbing over fences and saluting "filmed"with the "assistance of the U.S. Air Force."

abruptly. This enterprise had (Continued on page 606)

AUGUST I960 579 ROSIE'S BAPTISM DAY

by Ardith M. McBride

As the old car driven by Brother Neals bumped "Well, sure she will,"said Brother Neals in his along the dirt road, Rosie carefully formed the English jovial voice. "They'll all come. It's going to be a

words in her mind then said, great day for little Rosie and the whole Tonella fam- "My grandmother will not be home, I think."ily. Here we are at your camp, Rosie. We'll park

"Where was she going today?"asked Sister Neals out here and walk in, so we won't run over any of

who sat between her husband and Rosie in the front the children or dogs or chickens."

seat cf the rattling car. Rosie rubbed her hands Rosie laughed, maybe they understand my life

against the front of her dress to dry the palms before better than I thought.

answering, Brother and Sister Neals seemed completely un- "Today she goes to the trading store to get her aware of the scurry their arrival was causing as they pension money."followed Rosie past several oneroom houses toward

"Oh, well,"laughed Sister Neals, "she'll be home a large brush arbor called "the Shade"which sat in by now. It's nearly suppertime. Anyway, we will the center of the camp. As they walked by the words

wait if she's not back yet.""inda"(whiteman) and "ennoshoot"(missionary)

Brother and Sister Neals could not know what penwere heard on every side.

sion day is like in our camp, thought Rosie. Even Rosie had been worried about how the camp would

though they live close by the reservation and teach a appear to these missionaries, and she was happy to class in religion to school children, they still have not see that everything was in order—no signs of partying

been into our camps very much. They could not know anywhere.

that sometimes on pension day Saan (old woman or Besides the big shade in the center there were grandmother) returns very late and very drunk. Somesmall shades by each house. Bedding was hung over

times she does not come back for many days—after the poles tied together with wire because there was not

money is all gone, and the party is over. Rosie's older room for it to be kept in the house in the daytime. At

relatives said it had not always been that wayLong night it would be spread out on the floors for family ago when her husband was alive, Saan had been the beds; except in Cousin Nellie's house where there was

chief woman of their clan; and she had worked hard a bedstead and a clean cotton mattress.

to take care of her family and all those who came Many things inside Nellie's house told of the years asking for help. But through the years their way of she had spent in an eastern school, but outwardly she

living had changed; the Apache people had come to followed the same Indian customs as the other women.

depend upon the Great Government for help instead Just now she was seated on the ground before her of their relatives. Many of them lived in poverty and campfire. The billowing skirt of her camp dress was

idleness from one pension day to another; then for a tucked tightly around her legs and the loose blouse

few days there was much eating and drinking in all was caught in the waistband of the skirt, so it would the camps having people who received assistance. not get in the coals as she leaned over to place her

But, Rosie sighed to herself, my English is not great tortillas on a heavy wire grate to cook them.

enough to tell it right to these missionaries. They Brother and Sister Neals paused for a moment to

would not understand how much I love Saan even watch Nellie shape a ball of dough with her fingers, when she do these very bad things. twirling it around and around, flopping it over one

Sister Neals patted the thirteenyear-old's clammy arm and then the other, until it was stretched into little hands as they lay tightly knotted in her lap. a smooth thin circle. As she placed it on the wire

"Don't worry, Rosie; I'm sure your grandmother over the coals and started to pat and twirl another,

will give her consent for you to be baptized now that they continued their slow walk toward the shade.

you have graduated from our class in religion. Do you Here Seeah, Rosie's aunt, was already feeding her

think she would like to come to the baptismal service family. Some of them had scattered as the word

Saturday evening?""Inda, ennoshoot, Marmin"were spread across the

Daa (no), thought Rosie, but aloud she said, "I camp, but gradually most of them gathered backdo not know."driven by curiosity and hunger. They sat on a canvas

AUGUST 1960 581 spread on the ground and, using not have to wait until I'm eighteen! angry with her cousins, for she knew

pieces of tortilla, they each dipped Rrother Neals was speaking to Saan they did not understand about this into a large kettle of food placed in in his strong friendly voice, wonderful religion she had accepted.

the center of the canvas. Rosie ap- "So we wanted to get your conRut still it was hard to listen quietly

proached her grandmother who sent for little Rosie to be baptized to their taunts, for laughter is the was seated a little behind the others. into the kingdom of God. We will cruelest weapon one Apache can use

"Saan, ( old woman ) these missionhold services tomorrow, that's Satagainst another.

aries want to talk to you alone,"she urday evening, in the chapel at New- "Eou Nun Chi Tau, (God my said quickly in Apache. town. We hope all of you will come Father)"prayed Rosie that night,

"Let them speak here,"replied her and see her baptized. Would you "I thank thee for the good things

grandmother also in Apache, as she like to do that?"that come to me this day. Help me

peered at them through eyes dim "Ha oh (yes),"said Saan, nodding to be a good Marmin. Thank thee

and watery with age. her consent. for getting Saan to say I can be bapAs Rosie turned to Rrother and "Then Sunday,"went on Rrother tized now. Please help her to know

Sister Neals, she saw that they were Neals, "she will be confirmed a mem- I still like to be Indian—that I am not

going around the circle shaking ber of The Church of Jesus Christ trying to follow a whiteman's god.

hands with everyone as they always of Latterday Saints. Rrother Stone Help her to know that thou art the

did at their class. Here handand I will lay our hands on her God our people worshiped long ago.

shaking seemed so strange, for head and give unto her the gift of And, Chi Tau, help her to come see

Apaches carefully avoid bodily conthe Holy Ghost. We will do this at me baptized tomorrow."

tact as offensive after they begin to Sacrament meeting in Newtown SunRy morning no one seemed to regrow up. Even among families there day afternoon. We want you all to member that this was the day Rosie

is little or no touching. At class come to that meeting too. This will was to be baptized. After a breakRosie had heard much about "a good be a great day for Rosie and all of fast of coffee (water for Rosie), fry

old Mormon handclasp"; she had us. The Lord is prepared to pour bread, and acorn stew, the camp was

learned to grip the proffered hand out rich blessings on everyone who hurriedly cleaned, and best clothes and shake it as she saw the missionwill seek them. Many great blesswere donned for their Saturday trip

aries do, but here her cousins were ings await the Apache people if they to town. First they would stop at

simply allowing their limp hands to will only accept the gospel."the Post Office and tribal store and

be shaken by Rrother and Sister then go on to the big city forty miles

Neals while they ducked their heads distant, passing through Newtown on and giggled. the way.

"Well, Grandma, how are you toCarefully Rosie scrubbed herself day?"cried Rrother Neals "We've until her skin was glowing, then she

heard a lot about you from your Ideals are like stars. You will not dressed in her good clothes. She

little granddaughter here. She's a succeed in touching them with your wrapped a piece of fry bread in a

fine little lady—this Rosie. We have hands, but choose them as your piece of paper and tied it and a towel

really enjoyed having her in our class guides, follow them, and you will and comb in a small square scarf.

in religion."reach your destiny. Her hair was freshly washed with

Saan only grunted and looked hard—The Silver Cross soap root and hung straight and

at Rosie. Sister Neals said, shining down her back. Two dime-

"We are so glad to find you home store clips held it back from her today. Rosie said you had to go to face. When at last she was satisthe Post Office. She thought you fied with the reflection she saw in

might not be back yet."the broken mirror hanging from the

"All day we wait at store. PenSister Neals said, "We have white twoby-four wall braces, she took her

sion monies not come today. White clothes you can wear to be baptized little bundle and climbed into the

man say maybe tomorrow. Always in, Rosie, so just come to the Church back of Aunt Seeah's pickup truck

before it comes on this day."in Newtown about 6:30. I'm so glad with the rest of her relatives. Soon

Rosie looked at Saan as she talked. your grandmother is going to be they were on their way.

This was the most English words there, too."They waited an hour at the Post

she had heard her grandmother use She won't be there if her pension Office for the mail to come in, and at one time. It was considered a money comes tomorrow, thought everyone except Rosie was happy

joke on white people who tried to Rosie. I won't even count on it. when they learned that Saan s money

talk to them in "pidgin"English that "Rosie is a Marmin,"shouted tenhad come. The man at the tribal

even the very old ones who would yearold James as soon as the Neals store took out enough to cover the speak a word of English understood were gone. Tribal Credit Coupons he had issued

it quite well. Rosie was glad that "Rosie is a Marmin. Rosie is a to Rosie's grandmother that month

Rrother and Sister Neals spoke in Marmin,"as the chant was taken up to buy food. As he handed her the

their natural way—only a little slower by the smaller children, the older money that was left, there was some

than usual. I do not want them to ones laughed. Rut Saan did not joking among the Indians in the

be laughed at, she thought. Rut laugh, she looking at Rosie eating a store about the good time they could

even if they did not know how to tortilla soaked in bean soup. all have in town that day with Saan's

talk to us I know they teach the true Finally the teasing let up and the money. Saan only smiled and looked

religion. If only Saan will say "yes"children took up another game. Rosie at Rosie. Oh, why couldn't it have

so I can be baptized Saturday and was glad. She didn't want to get been late just one more day, thought

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hungry f

Get the answers... at Utoco Dealers

... always just aheadI

All over this area, Utoco Dealers displaying the "As You Travel"sign are ready to answer your travel questions.

Let your Utoco dealer plan your trip, too. It's very simple. Fill in a card at

any Utoco dealer displaying the "As

You Travel"sign indicating your trip plans, and you'll receive detailed routings and maps from the Utoco

Travel Center in advance of your trip.

Also enjoy dependable car care, finest products, clean rest rooms.

utah on Refining company for Bonus Miles—get ULTRAPOWER Gasoline—with Builtin Gas Savers

AUGUST I960 Rosie. Now she will never make "It is many hours yet,"replied that had been dropped by some

it to see me baptized. her grandmother. "You will be Primary child. On the front was a

It was noon when they got to hungry again."picture of a family and on the inside

Newtown so they stopped to get "I have food in my scarf. Don't a little verse that said:

food for lunch. Most of the children worry about me, Saan; Sister Neals

got soda pop and candy bars. Rosie will take care of me.""A Mother dear, a Daddy dear,

climbed out of the truck and told Rosie walked through the blocks Some little girls and boys, her grandmother she was not going to the Church and through the long Who but our Heavenly Father, to town with them. afternoon she waited in the shade Could give so many joys."

"I will wait over by the Church of the building. Once while walking

until time to be baptized,"she said. around she found a small booklet Suddenly Rosie was overcome by a

terrible longing for her own mother—

the mother she had never seen—who

had died the night she was born and left her to the care of Saan. And

Youth—and uncertainties wherewho caredwas Saan?moreSaan—oldfor herwoman—,tu pai

( Apache corn drink ) than she did for heart. child's the in a ache young and decisions old not always been so True she had

nor so weak, and Rosie remembered

Richard L. Evans many happy evenings when she listened to the stories of early Indian

life before they had become such a In times of beginnings and endings, a time which conquered and downtrodden people.

has come to be called commencement, young peoRosie had not missed her mother's difficult decisions. ple are faced THE with many felt as then, she newly Delove but now SPOKEN for cisions are difficult perhaps everyone—and her. lost just as bereft if she WORD had

especially for those who are pursuing or finishing Oh, chi Maa, chi Maa, (my mother, to their to marry, work, of preparation: period where when are now? you mother) where how my affect that to to prepare, commitments long what make—decisions this care that baptism is my Do you

diffithe despite of life, length that must and be made the whole start felt tears the Rosie and day?

culties of settling down in unsettled situations. As to all of these laid her head against the side of the

a short quote uncertainties and sound would and decisions, we slept with a church. She and awoke

best people."favors the 1 There prepared sentence: "Chance Sister as have start exclaimed, Neals

always been uncertainties, and there have always been decisions, "Why, Rosie, you are here early."

and despite tensions and troubles and uncertain situations, there have never been more opportunities; there has never been more "Yes,"said Rosie, jumping to her

need for wellprepared people, or that we are aware of, more feet and straightening her dress, "I appreciation or compensation for wellprepared people—and the came early to my baptism."

passing uncertainties should not lead to shortsighted decisions or "Where are your relatives?"

to cutting short the fullest possible preparation for fullest useful- "Today they go to the big town.

ness for the future. Of course, the long broad look at life requires They must buy many things,"Rosie

faith—and willingness to study, willingness to work, willingness answered but did not look up as she

to wait—faith in the future. And why not have faith in the future? spoke.

Suppose a generation of ten or twenty or thirty years ago had failed "Oh. Well, maybe they will get

to have faith—suppose that their uncertainties had dissuaded them back before the meeting starts. There

from preparing? Where would we turn today for prepared people? is nearly an hour yet. I came over

And what would now be their regrets for not preparing? The late early to check on the clothes for

to said: "I object people running F. Kettering down Charles too. here, are glad I'm the you. you

all life there."future, rest of the future. going to live I'm 2 The of will to plenty my time have Now we

young man, young woman, is where you are going to live the rest dress slowly and braid your hair.

of your life. Have faith. Accept the uncertainties. Don't brood Come on into the chapel. I bought

about them. Avoid impatience. Avoid procrastination. Avoid these white ribbons for your braids."

enslaving habits and timewasting. Avoid debt as far as possible. Sister Neals talked on and on in a

Seek counsel. Have courage. Build solid foundations. Live with quiet voice that calmed Rosie's fears.

cleanliness and honor and high qualities of character. Accept the She explained every step they would

opportunities and obligations as they come. Be willing to work. take and even discussed baptism for

Be willing to wait. Be willing to take responsibility. Despite all the dead. Rosie's thoughts went

uncertainties and unforeseen situations, the future will be better for again to her mother.

the better prepared people. The future will be better for those At last it was time to go into the

who have the faith to finish, the faith to follow through. font room for the baptismal service.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Two white children who had just

Columbia Broadcasting System, May 22, 1960. Copyright 1960. become eight years old were accom1Author Unknown. panied by their parents and their

Charles F. Kettering, quoted in Time, Dec. 8, 1959. Primary teachers. Rosie was glad

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRODUCTS OF NATURE'S SUNSHINE LAB

Sunlight and nature's complex process of photosynthesis combine to bring us luscious, orchardsweet fall fruits.

This luscious, orchardsweet flavor of fall fruits is preserved for yeararound eating with another product of nature's sunshine laboratory—

pure, sparklingwhite U and I Sugar.

U and I Sugar is obtained from the sugar beet, which, like fall fruits, depends upon sunlight and photosynthesis for full growth and sugar content.

The sugar is then extracted from the beet in clean, modern U and I Sugar factories and made into U and I Sugar..

the finest sugar money can buy for all canning, cooking, baking or table uses.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY General Offices: Salt Lake City, Utah

PUWS

FINE GRANULAIB

AUGUST i960 585 for Sister Neals'hand holding tightly "They came. They came to my First the two white children were

to hers as they followed the others baptism day,"sang Rosie's heart baptized by their fathers, then into the room. while her lips and voice joined the Brother Neals led little Rosie down

Pretty, so pretty, thought Rosie. others in singing "We Thank Thee, into the water. Never had she felt

Then as she heard the Apache word O God, for a Prophet."After the so wonderful—so close to the Great

"Jon nee,"she wondered if she had prayer someone sang a song about Father over all and so close to her spoken her thought aloud. But nobaptism which Rosie had never heard family. In her heart she knew withShe glanced into the shadows of the before. It was lovely. The bishop out doubting that this was the right

step. this that looking at her, Saan androom day She from saw knew just for a minute. spoke of Newtown

font, the saying, innot the Tonella and would on life camp said Brother Neals nice Then some all nee, different nee."the that "Jon soon and be Jon

Aunt Seeah was there, too. And things about Rosie and the other family would follow her into the

how many cousins she could not tell. Indian children who attended the waters of baptism—Saan first, then

Quickly she took her place in the Religion Class at the school. He and all the others.

front row with the other children Sister Neals taught this class as a "Ah hee yaah ehe, Eow Non who were being baptized, and the part of their stake missionary work. Tau, (I thank thee, God my Fameeting started. Now it was time for the baptisms. ther),"breathed Rosie.

The Thirsty Farms of Iran 1946. A law was finally worked in spring and summer and south to

through the Majilas that provides the coastal plains or Persian Gulf (Continued from page 576) governmental aid for anyone who in winter. One such tribe is the

will undertake the repair of ghnats Quashki. They love to hunt, and

reaching an altitude of nearly 19,000 that have failed. This was a step they often live principally on wild

feet. Other lower ranges of mounin the direction of helping the amgame while on the move and during

tains make a total of half of the bitious poor man. The plan worked the summer. The leader of this tribe

country. and limited help was made available. is Nassar Cahn Inaskaie. He was

On the north side of the high range There is ample resource in Iran put in jail by Reza Shah and spent north of Teheran, there is abundant for future generations, and a surplus several years there because he rerainfall. can be produced for other nearby fused to conform to the Shah's

The southwest and south are low nations that are underfed. But the wishes. His brother, Malekmonsieur,

and hot, but there is ample water for landlord system that has been in fled the country and spent his time irrigation of the vast area in the effect for many generations prevents in school. He took a Ph.D. in France,

southwest. Numerous rivers come the development of natural resources. then another at Oxford in England,

from the mountain ranges to the In order to live, the natives overthen another in Switzerland.

northeast and the north. These graze the lands with sheep, goats, When the country was in upstreams have been utilized, at least camels, a few cattle, a few horses, a heaval, following the occupation by

in part, long, long ago, and the very few mules, and a larger number Britain and Russia, Malekmonsieur remnants of diversion dams and canal of donkeys. returned. He and some of the top

systems are evident, but none are in The mountain area supports a tribesmen crashed through the prison use today. Restoration would be limited number of deer, ibex, and a gates and took his brother out. The

comparatively simple. very few mountain sheep and mounPersian Army made a feeble attempt

The vast expanse of upland, elevatain goats in the high, rough ranges. to subdue this tribe, but they were

tion over 4,000 feet, has a very limIn the lowland wilderness are found unsuccessful.

ited water supply, except that in a a few gazelle, an animal very similar Later it was proposed to create a few cases, short tunnels will bring in to our antelope. In a very few spots cabinet post for Malekmonsieur and

streams that now go to waste. there are left a few grouse. make him Minister of Tribes, but

One of these is at the head of one The lands surrounding the villages he refused. He told the government

branch of Zayendi Rud, where many for many miles are barren, because he preferred his horse, his rifle, and years ago, a former ruler, Shah of being grazed and browsed by the the freedom of his own country to

Abas, had work started in order village flocks of sheep and goats. the life of confinement behind a big

that a deep cut might be made The worldfamous Persian rugs desk, the hot tea served by servants, through the mountain pass so that and carpets are woven by hand by the necessity of appearing at official

Kurang River might be diverted these village women and children. functions in formal clothes, etc.

into Zayendi Rud Valley. Each and every "tuft"of these carIt was my good fortune to ride

A study of this situation was made pets and rugs is tied by hand. The side by side with this fine man for

in 1942 and it was concluded that patterns are memorized and are a week. His tribe was the last to

a large tunnel through the mountain made by using yarn of different entertain me before I left Iran. We

and a diversion dam on River colors for the tufts. The yarn is moved many miles during the week,

Kurang would cost much less than colored in an everlasting dye by and I advised them regarding the to continue the huge cut ordered hand. utilization of their limited water

by Shah Abas. Iran is made up of many tribes supply.

An important project was underthat occupy certain subdivisions. In the evening about the second

taken between the years 1941 and Some are nomads. They move north day, I heard them talking about the

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Today, put your car and your cares

in you'll see why C0N0C0S hands and

Conoco is the HOTTEST BRAND GOING!

These are the hands that can make you a more confident driver! These are hands you can trust

—for service that goes beyond routine

—for products that give you an extra measure of value.

Along broad highways and hometown streets, thousands of Conoco hands are taking the cares out of motoring. They extend a friendly welcome to you at the sign of the Red Triangle. It's their skill

that makes Conoco the Hottest Brand Going.

Trademark patented by Shell Oil Company.

1960, Continental Oil Company. Conoco and Carte Blanche Credit Cards are accepted at Conoco stations.

IIF Wm

1 *jyie>#'

Motor Oil! Get roundthe-clock protection Gasoline! Supercharge with Conoco Royal Service! Conoco hands are quick to clean your

with Conoco allseason Super. Exclusive Oilwith TCP plus. TCP* boosts power, inheadlights; check tires, battery, water.

Plating* actually "plates"a magneticlike creases mileage; oilplating action cuts fricThey're the hands that make you a more

film on engine parts that won't drain down, tion wear. After two tankfuls,/ee2 that powconfident driver; make Conoco the Hottest

even overnight! erful difference! Brand Going!

AUGUST 1960 587 time when I was held up and robbed they are no longer loosely or irreWe try to hang on to our high by bandits. It had been men from sponsibly free to wander wherever ideals with one hand at the very

this tribe that did the robbing. They passing fancy may attract them. moment we are thinking wrong

had sent part of my things back. Marriage is not a broad, double thoughts, reading wrong literature,

With it a note reading: "Our faces street, neither is leadership success, and doing wrong things. When we

are very black because of the way neither is life. A person's greatest set our minds on the right objectives

we treated you when you first came glory lies in the straightness of his and allow our feet to travel the to our country."gate and the narrowness of his way. wrong road, we not only classify

Iran needs help. It is imperative The unfaithful and the unloyal travel ourselves as sinners, but as fools as

that the common man be given a the broad road. They may have a well, for nothing that travels the

chance for "a place in the sun."variety of attachments or no attachwrong road can ever come out at the

ments at all. They may be devoted right destination.

to many or to none. They may live In the greatest sermon that was

without restraint under the philosever preached, the greatest man who ophy of "Don't fence me in."This ever lived said, "Come, follow me."

particular road is labeled "The broad (Luke 18:22.) He said, "I am the

Strait is the Gate way,"and everyone should know in way, the truth, and the life; no man

advance where it leads. cometh unto the Father, except by

(Continued from page 573) The Ten Commandments are narme."(John 14:6.) That is a very

row. The laws having to do with narrow road. It does not deviate. It

of broadmindedness might have the celestial kingdom are narrow, makes no exceptions. It deals in no

brought sudden death. and only a few keep on the road. compromises. But when we walk

As science is narrow and nature Mostly we miss the way because we therein we will be sure to get where is narrow, so the gospel is narrow. It ourselves take down the fences and we want to go.

says, "He that believeth and is baperase the white lines and remove Suppose we consider some of the tized shall be saved; but he that the guardrails. We do away with ingredients that go into our own

believeth not shall be damned."Church leadership, and measure

(Mark 16:16.) "There is one Lord, them for their breadth to see if they

one faith, and one baptism."(See conform to the specifications of

Eph. 4:5.) That may sound pretty Jesus.

narrow, but it also sounds reasonably GROWING UP Personal Conduct. A great leader

right and safe. Great leadership is glories in keeping his conduct true

narrow. If you do certain things, by Mabelle B. McGuire to the North Star of his faith. He

you succeed; if you do certain other must be true to the best that is withthings, you fail. It is as simple as Last year our daughter was a child. in him. Others may range all over

that, and you start to fail the moThis year her clothes don't fit her. the territory, but he will be faithful,

ment you begin to get too broadLast year her interest was in dolls. not because someone may see him

minded. Now she's a baby sitter. or because it is the "best policy,"but

The chief ingredient of success in because it is right.

any field is to follow the narrow Mental Attitude. If one's thinking

road. That is the way to salvation; gets on the broad road, it is not likeit is the way to success; it is the way ly that his feet will confine themto happiness; it is the way to successthe outof-bounds signs and feel no selves to the narrow way. William

ful leadership; it is the way to concompunction about getting off the James said, "That which holds the

trol your weight; it is the way to straight course. attention determines the action."

control your attitude. It is the opAs soon as we conceive life as a Where the mind goes the feet will

posite of the road which is broad double highway, then hypocrisy and follow.

enough for vague decisions, unconfusion begin to flourish, and we A Sense of Responsibility is a very bridled thoughts, and loose actions. are in trouble. This double standard narrow road and, as in everything

The broad, easy, meandering gypsy is responsible for the discord between else, our limitation is our greatest trail leads to where destruction and deed and creed which is at the root glory. Lincoln said that the nation

failure lurk. of innumerable wrongs in our civicould not exist half slave and half

Think how narrow the road of loylization. It gives institutions and men free. Neither can leadership exist

alty is. It binds us to definite devosplit personalities. It is not enough half responsible and half irretions. Harry Emerson Fosdick has to have a high goal; we must also sponsible.

written convincingly about the narstick to the road that will get us This narrowness of the way conrow way in a sermon entitled, "On to it. cept of Jesus applies to every elecatching the wrong bus."He says, Despite our boasted reason and ment making up our leadership

"The man who swears allegiance to scientific attitudes, subconsciously we success. Personal integrity is nar-

a cause places upon himself limitastill, more or less, believe in a sort row. It grants no personal privilege.

tions stronger than any slave's, beof black magic, that regardless of Punctuality is narrow. Duty is narcause he has given his heart."which road we take, somehow or row. Planning is narrow. PreparaSuccess and happiness in marriage other we will come out all right. It tion is narrow.

is a straight road. Two people by seems incredible even to the conThe Master himself has given us

their own choice give themselves to firmed sinner that eventually he may the formula, "Enter ye in at the each other and to no one else. Then be lost. strait gate; for wide is the gate, and

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction and many there be which go in thereat. Because strait is the

gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it."(Matt. 7:1314.)

Sagebrush Soliloquy

(Continued from page 567)

a veritable hunting and fishing paradise, more than forty miles from the nearest town, Soda Springs. We

split the journey into two legs—

and don't compare forty miles through alkali dust via twohorse hack with today's motoring over paved highways! The final stretch

seemed almost straight up, over an all but impassable trail. A

pack train would have been more sensible, but since the stockmen's 57,000 tons of steel go to seasupply wagons regularly made the trip, slightest the not doubt I had

it,that despite havwith the USS "Independence"could make we ing contend with. George to

I invariably Although hobbled the When the first USS Independence was treated armor plate. Steel cables, strong

horses'forefeet when turning them commissioned in 1776, you probably enough to stop a landing jet bomber, out to graze, George, in addition to could have put all the steel aboard her were furnished by the American Steel his other peculiarities, was afflicted into one sea chest. But when the fifth & Wire Division of United States Steel.

with wanderlust. He had learned, Independence joined the U.S. fleet this Her four 66V2foot, 50ton propeller

and taught his teammate, to progress year, she carried the widest variety of shafts were forged at the USS Homeby means of kangaroolike leaps. In specialty steels ever assembled. 57,000 stead Works. And so it goes. From the

this manner they could cover much of her 60,000 tons are steel. flight deck armor to the stainless steel

ground, even with front feet closely The Independence is big. She carries used in her hospital, galley and crew's

bound. a crew of 3,500 and her quarter mile of quarters, USS Steels play an important

Later, Barney devised a simple runways could park two luxury liners part in the performance of one of the yet effective method of keeping side by side. Turn her on end and she'd Navy's finest ships.

track of my errant steed. He hung reach up to the 80th floor of the Empire It took three years to build Independon George's neck an old cowbell, State Building. Total working area for ence. It took 50 years of research and

tinkling of enthe throaty which the specialty perfect to development acres. six is over flight operations

in locate to us evenabled him is she made. steel, steels of which is of built Independence The at timber, althoughdense sometimes is trademark a registered USS States United of it supplied by costthe of a hike a much long, hot up

mountainside. I wondered whether Steel. For the greatest possible strength

the spirited George was not humiliand toughness U.S. Steel furnished two (USS) United States Steel

ated by this noisome castoff from a types of specially formulated and cow, inescapably strapped to his anatomy.

My bride, citybred and receiving her first initiation into life as lived in the wild West (I, too, was from the East but had spent many sumcountry), ranch in themers was a the world over allgood sport about this. However,

I suspect that at times she wished

I had dreamed up an entirely different vacation or even that she had Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to:said "yes"to one of my young rivals

instead of to me. Name Perhaps the greatest strain on our Address

then recent marital ties came one City State day when I got out my fly rod and Sand Id:

HOME STUDY Adult Education and Extension Service*

Drigham Young University Provo, Utah

AUGUST I960 589 started upstream in search of trout, he feared nothing on four legs—or opera script writers do not exaggersaying—in all truth as to intentions—two. In his youth, he had tangled ate this innate respect for good

that I'd return "in a few minutes."with grizzlies and bandits and bore women that characterized the fronConceding that there were wild aniscars to prove it. Tall, slim, straight tier "man's world"of Barney's

mals about, I assured her they were in the saddle, he might have been a generation. Men have changed,

unlikely to approach an inhabited centaur, so much did he seem as women have changed, times have camp in broad daylight. Still, for one with his horse. Barney never changed; but can anyone truthfully

her peace of mind, I loaded my walked if he could ride, but when say in all respects for the better?)

.3030 carbine and leaned it against afoot had a somewhat rolling gait It was not until we had been in

a tree. "If you are frightened,"1 attributable to legs slightly bowed by camp ten days and Barney had besaid soothingly, "just shoot the rifle years in the saddle and to the high come better acquainted with my

into the air. Barney, too, will be nearheels of his boots. young wife that he showed her his

by and one of us is sure to hear it."Even as a boy, vacationing in the most prized possession. Reaching

She expressed no serious misgivings far West, I had idolized him, but inside his shirt, he withdrew a and I went blithely on my way. Amy's first impression was not leather pouch suspended from his

Only fellow fishermen will underfavorable because of his disreputable neck by a buckskin drawstring, and stand, but the trout were striking, appearance. Her civilizing influfrom it extracted an engraved medaland my excursion lengthened to ence, however, soon made itself lion which he placed reverently in

nearly three hours. Long afterfelt. Shortly after our arrival he her hand. It was a "best hunter"

wards, Amy confessed that she had medal from the U S Biological Surnever fired a gun in her life, was vey, for whom he had worked before actually afraid to try and had spent joining the stockmen's association.

most of this period at the foot of One morning he invited us to ac- a tree she had selected for climbing BETRAYED company him on an inspection of in the event of any emergency. Unhis trap line. He slipped his carbine

derstanding improves with maturity by Elmer S. Crowley into its saddlescabbard and sugand later in life I would have been gested that I take mine as well. We

more thoughtful. Today my wife Still as of old, had brought with us saddles, blanand I can laugh together over such Man by himself is priced. kets and riding bridles, both our

incidents but now I realize that the For thirty pieces Judas sold horses allegedly having been "broke"terror of that lonely and seemingly Himself, not Christ. for double duty. I saddled gentle

endless vigil was very real to her. Cody for Amy and managed to get

In truth, furbearers abounded George under control after a brief nearby; that is why Barney was session of kicking and plunging. So,

there. He was employed by a stockwith Barney on his pinto leading

men's association to "keep down the shaved off a week's growth of gray the way, we started up the mountain varmints,"as he said. And his restubble and donned a clean, white trail.

cent prowess was evidenced by skins shirt and a wrinkled vest from his After a couple of miles, our guide he had stretched among the aspens duffel bag. held up his hand. We stopped and

to dry: the pelts of three bears, a Wise in the ways of the wilderness, peered ahead. All three horses dismountain lion or cougar which he Barney had taught me, among other played marked nervousness, and no

termed "painter"for panther; two things, to drink from the brim of a wonder—fresh bear scent! Barney

bobcats, as the shorttailed wildcat fivegallon hat dipped in a mountain pointed to a heavy log with stout is known in the West, and numerous stream; to freeze at the whir of a chain attached, partly concealed in

coyotes which Barney pronounced rattler and shoot straight enough undergrowth well below the trail. It

ki oats. to behead it; to catch my pony by had been dragged at some length

To him, these pelts meant extra shaking oats in a pan; to memorize through the dense brush and had

bounty; to his employers, countless landmarks and orient myself by the mowed down several goodsized

valuable lambs and calves saved. sun or stars. saplings.

Unfortunately their presence was He was lightningquick with the He advised us to stay on our not reassuring to my gently reared big, oldfashioned.44 he wore holhorses, dismounted and scouted cauhelpmate, yet she obligingly posed stered at his side when out on the tiously with rifle under his arm.

for a snapshot with a huge bearskin range. Our hunting excursions and Soon he called for us to join him. I

as a backdrop, wearing Barney's retarget practice also revealed a sharp tied our mounts, and we scrambled volver and gingerly holding my rifle. eye and steady hands with a rifle. down. He pointed again to the log.

Barney was a former Texas Ranger Yet with all his rough background Attached to the chain was a powerful of indeterminate age, with leathery and lack of formal education, Barney steel trap and in the trap was the skin, eyes crinkled at the corners was the quietest and gentlest of men; huge foot of a bear, nothing else.

from years of squinting in the westmodest, softspoken with a Texas Amy turned white and I put my ern sun (he scorned dark glasses or drawl, invariably thoughtful, helparm around her. Barney removed

any visual aid, in fact) and a mothful, tolerant. And seldom did he his hat and scratched his head. "First

eaten moustache. When his blue waste a word. The soul of oldtime I ever seen thet,"he drawled.

eyes opened wide, they were the school courtliness, he was careful "Cats and wolves, mebbe, and once most direct and piercing I have ever never to let slip even a "damn"in in a while a ki'oat but never knowed seen. I had heard many stories Amy's presence and always ad- a b'ar to chaw off his own foot."

about him, mostly to the effect that dressed her as "ma'am."(Horse "Oh, Jim, the poor thing!"Amy

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cried with feminine compassion. See Our

Barney shook his head. "Too bad.

Hate to have things like thet hapBeautiful pen."the blood clearly marked A trail of victim's descent. for Trees When "He'd head

laig in it,"hold hiscold water an'diagnosed Barney. be You Visit "Mought

dangerous, come we caught up with 'im. You two better ride back to Salt lake City

camp and I'll go look."

Barney never did find that crippled bear. He had no dogs with him to

scent out the trail lost in the stream and concluded that Bruin had crawled into a wellhidden cave, there to lick its wound. "Too bad,"

Barney kept repeating. He assured

us, however, that this maimed killer probably would recover, learn to get about on three feet and continue asa menace to livestock, with even SAVE by Mail at greater fear and hatred of its archenemy, man. Western Savings where

Later he gave me as a souvenir a giant claw which he had removed foot. the could you get the very most for your trappedfrom Amy

I tonot imagine would want why money. It's the Western idea: You get the very most questions it. I asked when,keep no

months later, it disappeared from for your savings at Western Savings in Salt Lake City.

my collection along with a choice Western pays the postage both ways for you, your money rattlesnake tail comprising eight is insured torattles and a button. earns a full 4% current rate, and your account

Darkness invariably brought inti- $10,000 by the Federal Savings and of the wildlife remindersmate animals Loan Insurance Corporation.around us—not the halftame

of today's National Parks, but species um'l I'M IM.

that had been native to this area since it was a hunting ground for

Indians. The "yipyip-aroooo"of

cou Pcoyotes so commonplace became as '. Western Savings Please Send constitute toalmost a lullaby. One

I Salt Lake City, Utah Savingsnight, however, we were awakened Plans by unearthly screaming, as though by a woman in mortal agony. Amy

was terrified but, having heard such AND LOAN COMPANY sounds before, I assured her it was ASSALTEASTLAKEFIRSTCITY,SOUTHUTAHonly a mountain lion, farther away than it seemed and probably calling Serving you from the West's newest and finest savings office at the to its mate. Even then she was cerOriginal Timeand-Temperature Sign in Salt Lake City.

tain it would leap right through the walls of our tent and urged me to have a loaded gun ready.

stimuimagination Her was further afield Bookcraft, Inc., is Expanding! triplated during a hunting

in quest of "sage hens,"which took outpost. herder's past aus sheep He HIGHLY PROFITABLE LDS PUBLICATIONS that us tents hadshowed one of his

been ripped to shreds about daybreak that morning by a bear in FRANCHISES ARE NOW AVAILABLE!

search of bacon or sweets. That the

herder had been absent with his For full particulars on how you flock at the time did little to lessen can obtain franchise in your

Amy's anxiety. However, the gun I area, phone, write or wire

was carrying seemed to comfort her, so I did not point out that it was "for 1 1 86 South Main St., Salt Lake City

Phone: DA 8-0566 BOOKCRAFT INC.

AUGUST I960 591 the birds"—a 12gauge shotgun with jump back and forth over a brush tion to our final camp supper.

That day we had hung our own it plainly. as he turned towards his own tent,

uncanned victuals high in a tree as More silence. Barney, strangely said, softly, "They was sho'tened with

Barney had advised whenever we for him, was first to break the spell. b'ar grease."

left camp long untended. During Disarmingly he asked, "Notice any- A few years later, we learned that

our stay, such plebeian fare was thin'peculiah about them thar bisour old friend had gone to his maker.

augmented by fresh trout, barbecued cuits?"Although slightly alarmed, If there is a special camp up there

sage chickens and "b'ar steak"which we assured him they had been perfor once mighty hunters who, alwe thought tasted much like very fect; not peculiar but delicious—and though untutored, were also great

strong, very tough pork. Fresh venithanked him again for this contribugentlemen, we are sure that Barney,

son, too, provided welcome variety. along with Davy Crockett and all

"The Hollow Tree of antelope, Woods and Deep white rumps A herd rest, Book, the is right at home, wellloved,

Bros., first copyright, & 1898, by James flashing in the sunlight as happy. and Bennett. they HarperGordon

streaked across a distant mesa with graceful leaps, gave us a visual thrill. Small animals and birds

were everywhere. And a wolverine

which lick assured Barney us "could Marriage—and Character threeany critter its size"times

showed itself momentarily at the mouth of a burrow. Richard L. Evans Now it was nearing September and

our vacation was nearly over. At What we have in our hearts to say today could be

this high altitude, although the days said at any time—at many times—but we choose to

were still warm, even hot, the THE say it in this setting, in this month of many marnights had become very cold. One SPOKEN riages. And it pertains to the goodness and purpose

frosty morning upon emerging from WORD of life, and to the peace and happiness of all who our wool blankets we found water marry—and of children—and to the whole future of families. First

which we had left in the camp bucket of all, marriage must be coupled with character. It requires charfrozen solid. It could storm any acter to live in this closest of all relationships of life. Marriage

time now; this was our signal to requires also kindly consideration—and the overlooking of many

break camp next day. small things, and an earnest disposition not to find fault. Anyone

That night as we sat before the could annoy anyone at times, and anyone who looks for faults and fire preparing to enjoy our evening flaws will surely find them. Marriage requires companionship, and

meal, Barney ambled over in reencouragement, and confidence, and kindly, forthright frankness—

sponse to an earlier invitation. He not holding within the small resentments, the hurts of heart, and

carried a pan, covered by a cloth. not sitting and brooding in silence. It requires keeping things out

"Thought you folks mought like in the open, freely talking out problems as equal partners. It resome o'my sourdough biscuits."quires also, solvency, with a realistic regard for income and outgo—

We had seen him bake them, the with organized ambition and effort to get ahead, and with a measure heavy iron dutch oven buried in the of contentment as to what cannot now be reasonably reached.

coals of his fire. The fresh, hot bread Marriage requires selfcontrol. There is no place in a good marriage

gave off an appetizing fragrance. for illtempered utterance or quick condemnation, or for selfishness

Amy brought out our tin of butter, or selfish indulgence. It requires loyalty and faithfulness, and

heaped a plate with food for Barney. moral cleanliness. No marriage should be allowed to become

With hunger whetted by the crisp, commonplace. Neglected or abused, it may possibly be brought

pinescented air and the day's exerback to what it once was, but it is better to keep it sweet and cise, we fell to heartily. wholesome from the first so that there may be no scars. But if

After supper as we lounged conoffenses should come, let there be forgiving and let there be fortentedly in the firelight beneath a getting, always with the earnest intent of making this relationship dazzling canopy of stars that seemed last—for every privilege carries with it an obligation, and every

almost near enough to touch, he rechild brought into the world is a real responsibility—and marriage

firm foundations. is the Marriage founded on must be most comgaled of us with the old Texas

life, as of plete receive best effort such should the commitment andRangers. differencould We talesnever

it. It enter into willing of all include sincere servwork, must whotiate fact fiction in between and

these narratives nor, I suspect, could ice, respect of each other, respect of self, humility and prayerfulhe after many tellings. But did it ness, and the healing power of love—and faith and common

matter? convictions—faith in God, faith in the future, and faith in the everlasting things of life. And to you who venture into marriage—and

Finally there silence a long was as to have, ever that respect you and to you will—remember who who

full a soar watched overwe moon love confidence earned and and be every day, with must encourthe granite ridges. Suddenly Amy agement and faithfulness and sincere consideration.

recalled Albert Bigelow Paine's famous children's story about the dog "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the on the moon, forever condemned to Columbia Broadcasting System, June 5, 1960. Copyright 1960.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.- 10 VARIETIES TO For your Ward Parties CHOOSE FROM

Bah, Humbug! POTATO & EGG

Zfmi f-l COLEMACARONISLAW(Continued from page 569)

BLACK CHERRY rocks with abandon, and Dianne FRUIT SALAD gazing at the panorama 1,000 feet (in strawberry or lime gelatin) below us presented an interesting MANDARIN picture. In turn each child told PERFECTION

in lime gelatin) (vegetables Smith, and aboutsomething Joseph iL% WALDORF out the discussion byBrad rounded in fruit (assorted and nuts gelatin) golden colored lemondefining a prophet. WilW"-

"Daddy, what would you like to MOLDED GOLD discuss?"This from Carol, seem- (carrot & pineapple in orange

ingly as fresh as when we had begun gelatin) earlier.the ascent HAWAIIAN an hour

in lemon gelatin) mftm BULK.* (pineapple bit recovered by now and in- A

vigorated by the view below, I led a discussion. What a visual aid was

afforded from this height! Call DAvis 2-1291

I climbed Timpanogos once, walked to the Phantom Ranch in

Grand Canyon once, and now I have climbed the "Y"once. Democracv?

Not in this family. The priesthood packed serves

holder is the head of his family. I'm 1 lb. 4-5

the head of our house, by golly. 6 lb. 2530

What's that President Richards once 11 lb. 4555

said: "Put Father back as the head

of the house"? 30 lb. 120150

"What's that?"I had difficulty

believing what I heard—"Kids, next

week would you rather watch the Bulk Chili Con Carne for Parties rodeo parade in Lehi or hike to

Timpanogos Cave?"

"Now wait a minute—wait—

"Out of order,"the chair ruled.

Say, know where I can get some Follow hiking boots?good

<xga Ted Cannon's... Every day SCENE TODAY

THE TEMPERED Read about the interesting by D. J. Roberts

little things that happen Now jeweled lights lace trail and stream, around the Mountain West as

Where once they labored, oxenreported by this veteran drawn.Let us remember now, their dream # newsman. It's bright and it's

That stretches golden, in the dawn;

entertaining. You'll enjoy it

How they were guided by ideals,

How they were gentled by each every night in your Deseret prayer Uttered above the wagon wheels; Netvs and Telegram,

These purified and made them fair.

'p> Curbed by obedience and belief;

Tempered by these, they could enBlMBMIMT WlMW$ dure. j&ttt gafte gpeXjefipram

They bent their backs and bore their grief -T.-Y

And made faith's substance sure. "UT; \\A THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S NEWSPAPER *irm

AUGUST I960 593 V- * v- MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOODesihood r Church Service in the Military Service

V Our brethren in the armed services need some spestandards of the Church than would be the case in a cial attention from us at home. different, say, a missionary environment.

Are we as brethren in the priesthood; as bishops, However, with proper prior home training; with

quorum presidents, and Church officers in general; special attention given to their needs by bishops,

as the parents, wives, families, and friends of servicequorum presidents, and others; there is no problem

men—are we aware of our special responsibility to of Church service and personal righteousness that

servicemen? If so, what are we doing about it? cannot be handled by Church members in the armed

Brethren in the service have the same obligations to services.

live the gospel, to serve in the Church, to keep the This matter of caring for the spiritual wellbeing commandments, to comply with the laws of the of servicemen is a problem that will be with us for a

Lord and the program of the Church, that any memlong time to come. Much as we might desire it to be

bers of the Church have. otherwise, military service is probably here to stay.

The bars are not let down because a young man is For about a quarter of a century now, most of our called or volunteers to spend six months, two years, or young men have been faced with a period of active many years in the service of his country. Salvation duty. Political and other world conditions appear to

comes to him on the same basis that it comes to anybe such that we may anticipate that this situation will one. An elder in the service has the same obligation continue for some time to come.

to magnify his calling in the priesthood that any Thousands of elders and thousands of senior memelder has. bers of the Aaronic Priesthood—a total of some 15,000—

But our young men in the service sometimes feel, are now on active duty in the armed services. The

with some justification, that they have problems peculprospects are that scores and perhaps hundreds of iar to their military situations. It may be that condithousands of our brethren will yet see this type of

tions do arise in which it is more difficult to keep the service. About one of everv 100 members of the

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church is now on active duty, to say nothing of their his service work and in his work for the Lord; and I

wives, children, and close relatives who are also often would like to mention a few of these ideas.

thrown into the military environment as a result of "It seems to me that the foremost contribution a their service. Indeed, military service appears to be wife can make to the peace and wellbeing of her

part of the overall program of the American nation husband is to maintain a home built on a foundation for the foreseeable future. of love, faith, understanding, obedience, trust, and

In this connection, the First Presidency received a prayer, indeed, all of the principles of the gospel o letter from President Lincoln F. Hanks of the Gulf Jesus Christ.

States Mission, commenting on the help that families "We in the service are required to change locations can be to their servicemen. "We believe that serviceand establish new homes quite frequently, and occamen's wives go a long way toward helping servicemen sionally these changes are made with very little noto remain active and steady in their work in the tice, or to outof-theway places where we may find a

Church,"President Hanks wrote. lack of some of the usual conveniences. But if we

President Hanks also enclosed a copy of a most have striven for strong family ties, they will serve as excellent talk given by the wife of a serviceman in his a binding strength for ourselves and our children in mission at one of their recent conferences. The young times of insecurity. No matter how many things we

woman, Kay White, is the president of the Laredo may leave behind, loved ones, homes, or cherished

Branch Relief Society in the Gulf States Mission. Bematerial possessions, the family whose lives are filled

lieving that her message and views will have wide with love for the gospel will carry in their hearts, appeal both to servicemen, their families, and the wherever they go, the real essentials for building a brethren of the priesthood who carry on the great new and precious home life. These essentials are their

servicemen's program of the Church, we take the faith and testimonies of the gospel.

liberty of reproducing her comments and recommenda- "Many times we service people, particularly in overtions here. Her talk is as follows: seas assignments, find the 'base'to be our whole com-

"My husband is an officer in the United States Air munity, and I believe we all agree that we should

Force. He and I are both very grateful for this career; support our community whether it be an overseas

it has given us an opportunity for work and growth in base or a normal American community of which our the gospel that we feel, in our case, we might not have base is an important part.

gained living another type of life. "Plowever, we must always remember to put first

"We know that it is not where we serve that is things first. First comes our family and home, our

important, but how we serve. As the wife of a serviceChurch meetings and any responsibilities of leaderman, I have learned through sad experience that the ship that may come in connection with our Church

Air Force can offer many opportunities to acquire bad activities. Then, if it is desirable to the individual,

habits and to develop undesirable traits. I have also we can add social functions and worthy community

found, fortunately, that the Air Force can offer a projects that interest us. But we must remember not

perfect opportunity for Latterday Saints, living the to overload ourselves or we may find that we are gospel, to give the world a clear, true picture of the neglecting family or spiritual development. Fulfil

'Gospel in Action.'your obligations to the Lord first!

"As the wife of a Latterday Saint serviceman I feel "There are many social functions that are a part that there are many ways in which I can assist him in of service life and at most of these functions the primary refreshment will probably have an alcoholic jsSSKsS.: content or be tea or coffee. There are many times

that there will be no refreshments available of which we can partake in keeping with the Word of Wisdom.

"Upon arrival at a new base, and whenever it becomes necessary thereafter, we have found it best to make known, politely but firmly, that we do not

Kay White partake of these things. This provides a firm basis

for our beliefs and a clear understanding of our intentions. People are, for the most part, gracious and

understanding of our feelings, and from then on the conscientious host or (Continued on page 602)

AUGUST 1960 595 Stake Committees for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 Have Important Responsibility

Aaronic Priesthood performance in a stake usually reflects, among other things, the ability and diligence of the stake committee for Aaronic Priesthood under 21. Where the committee is dynamic and imaginative, activity and interest are on a high level. Where

the committee functions mechanically and without enthusiasm, the various quorums throughout the stake exhibit the same characteristics.

This being so, it is necessary and proper that the committee be staffed with competent and dedicated workers. Its mission is important, for it deals not

merely with statistics, but with the spiritual welfare of the youth of the Church.

The suggested organization of the committee, as found on page 4 of the current Handbook for Leaders, is the result of years of experience with the program.

It is recommended as a minimum organization—circumstances such as number and distance may make

a larger committee desirable. If so, stake presidents

should feel free to expand. The important thing is

that the committee is filling its mission of guiding and stimulating every ward committee and every quorum of Aaronic Priesthood bearers under 21 in the stake.

Stake committees should keep in close touch with ward committees. They should make certain that

the instructions of this office are being carefully adhered to. When they find problems or inconsistencies,

they should be both tactful and forceful in dealing with the ward committees and quorums involved.

The adviser to leaders of priests under 21 should work closely with the bishops in their capacity as priests quorum presidents and with the ward priests'advisers. The adviser to leaders of teachers should

correlate his activities with the first counselor in the bishopric, the teachers quorum advisers, and the quorum presidencies. The adviser to leaders of deacons

under 21 has a comparable responsibility on the deacons'quorum level. The secretary has the responsibility to work closely with ward general secretaries and with the secretaries of the various quorums,

and to make certain that the records throughout the stake are accurate and complete. The chairman is

to oversee and correlate all of this and work closely with bishoprics in their capacity of directors of the

Aaronic Priesthood program in the wards.

As the Church becomes larger and the problem of control greater, the stake committees are taking on more and more importance. It is right that they do,

for a properly organized, enthusiastic, and dedicated committee can be a real asset to a stake.

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ward Teaching Supplement—

SEEKING AFTER OUR DEAD

Just as there is but one Savior, so is there but one work might be done for them. Many of these have

way to salvation—his gospel. accepted the gospel in the spirit world and are waiting

All men will be fudged by the standards of the for these saving ordinances. Our satisfaction, here and

gospel. This being true, all will have an opportunity hereafter, will be especially great if we actually

to accept or refect it as they choose. participate in this temple work.

The challenge is great. An enormous number of Thus the missionary program of the Church: through

the ages, men and women—having been blessed with souls have received bodies and come to the earth,

and for most of them the temple work is yet to bethe knowledge of the gospel—have accepted calls to

share it with their fellows. In doing so, they became done. Each of us—without exception—bears a retools in the hands of the Lord, who was preparing the sponsibility in the furtherance of this work.

honest in heart for accepting it. Many of us in this It is extremely unfortunate that many regard genegeneration have had opportunity to serve in this alogical service as suited only for the aged, for it

offers unique rewards for Latterday Saints of all ages.

manner.

It is interesting and educational and presents substanBut our opportunity extends beyond missionary tial opportunities for growth and development. More

work, as important as it is. We can also be instruments important, it is a real expression of the Christian ideal,

in his hands in bringing the blessings of the gospel for it is often done for people whom we have not to those who have passed on without having heard it. known in this life. But our Father in heaven knows

And these souls are as precious to our Father in heaven each of them, and to him each is precious. He has exas those still among us. pressed himself many times, through living prophets,

We can serve in this respect through the geneon the importance of this work. We would do well

alogical program of the Church. Our responsibility to heed this counsel and give our wholehearted supis to gather the names of our worthy dead that temple port to it.

California Priest

has unusual record...

William J. Yssel of the Covina Ward, Covina (California) Stake, has

received seven consecutive Individual Aaronic Priesthood awards, each bearing a 100% attendance seal. It is indeed unusual for a young man to

complete seven years of Aaronic Priesthood work with a perfect attendance record, but William has done so.

His other achievements during the period have been as praiseworthy as his attendance. He has served as president of both his deacons and

teachers quorums, and as secretary of his priests quorum. He has been

active in MIA work, and has earned a "Duty to God"award.

William has been studying at Mount San Antonio College, and hopes to have the opportunity to fill a mission for the Church.

AUGUST I960 597 Today's Family Florence B. Pinnock. Editor

From the time we tired of making mud pies and never forgotten eating in the warm car under the asked our mothers for a real play dinner, I'm sure we stars in a winter wonderland. Hot chili came out of

have all loved eating outof-doors. The great outof- a roaster wrapped in newspapers and piping hot

doors plus food equals a picnic. This food may be Postum out of a thermos jug. Dessert? It was hot

eaten while sitting on a quilt in the shade of an old apple pie eaten in front of an open fire after they tree in the backyard, or up the canyon, down on the arrived back home. Memories are made of fun like

beach, out on the desert, over at the park, or even on this.

the road in a car. Wherever we carry food to eat, Another mother, on a very hot summer night, gathlet's make it fun and call it a picnic. ered her family together and suggested a "Starlight

This food should be different, whether it be tiny Snack."They hopped into the car not knowing just

cutup sandwiches for a child's play dinner or a barbewhat to expect but on arriving in a familiar place in cued pig done out in the open. This doesn't mean the canyon unloaded some quilts, and everyone sat

it must entail a great deal of cost or preparation, but in a circle. The mother then took out of the car a

it does mean to think through the balance of color, large thermos of iced lemonade and a huge tray flavor, and texture of food and also its nutritional of crackers, carrot sticks, and potato chips circling value and then to choose food that is a little different. a bowl of avocado dip. Families grow closer together

One of the picnics I most remember was a "spur under such circumstances. Beneath the stars mothers

of the moment"one. It was down near Snowflake, and fathers and children are all one.

Arizona, and someone said, "Let's go up on Tonto Rim Have you ever planned a beautiful picnic and then and see the world."Into a picnic box went a couple had it rain? Don't cancel it. All the picnic food will

of quarts of ice cold milk, a loaf of bread, just out of taste just as good at home on the porch or in the family the oven, a large piece of cheese, and some fruit. Food room. If the weather has chilled, eat sitting on the

never tasted better. It proved without a doubt that living room floor in front of a blazing fire. Stories and

impromptu picnics are fun. charades may have to take the place of hiking and

Picnics are not limited just to summertime. I know baseball, but they too can be special.

a mother who greeted her family on the first winter One of the easiest ways to entertain outof-town evening as they came home for dinner with, "Warm up guests is to take them up the canyon on an "early bird your toes, good. This new snow is too beautiful to breakfast."The preparation is almost nil for a party

waste, let's ride a way up the canyon and have suplike this. In a large box gather together some chilled

per."Of course they were surprised, but they have cantaloups, a carton of eggs, some bacon, fresh bread

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or sweet rolls, and plenty of milk or the makings of a 2 cups buttermilk hot drink, such as Postum, chocolate, or consomme. 5 tablespoons melted shortening

When you arrive at the camp site, assign someone to Sift the dry ingredients. Combine the beaten eggs,

set the table, someone else to make the fire, another buttermilk, and melted shortening. Add to dry inperson to cook the bacon and eggs, and someone else gredients, stirring just until flour is moistened. Batter

to fix the beverage. It's fun to all work together and will be lumpy but should be medium thin. Bake on

how good is the scent of the cooking foods! The only ungreased griddle. Serve with a hot maple syrup

precaution is to bring along plenty of food because or a homemade syrup.

I'll guarantee appetites will be far above normal.

Webster says a picnic is an outdoor pleasure party Homemade Syrup provided with its own eatables and means of enter- 1 cup brown sugar tainment. Let's plan some picnics. 1 cup white sugar

PANCAKE BREAKFAST lM1 cupstablespoonwater vanilla 2 tablespoons butter Cantaloup Cereal Featherlight Pancakes Hot Syrup Boil the water and sugar for 5 minutes, add vanilla

Slivers of Ham and butter, and serve hot.

Postum PICNIC BREAKFAST Cut the cantaloup in half and fill with a crisp prepared cereal and serve with cream. Strawberries and Cream

Scrambled Eggs with minced Onion and

Featherlight Pancakes (about 15 cakes) chopped Parsley 1 teaspoon salt Little Sausages Doughnuts 4 teaspoons baking powder Hot Beverage 1 teaspoon soda 2 tablespoons sugar This next menu is for a picnic prepared at home, just 2Vz cups flour the French Sandwiches have to be grilled wherever 2 beaten eggs you eat.

AUGUST I960 599 Picnic Salad Bacon Bundles 7. Add instant minced onion and

V-k pounds ground beef prepared mustard to chili sauce for

Sliced Tomatoes, Carrot Sticks, Dill 3 cups Pep cereal a zippy hot dog relish.

Pickles 1/2 cups milk 8. Spread your buns with creamed

French Cheese Sandwiches 2 tablespoons chopped parsley cheese, next add a cooked hamburger

Freezer Ice Cream x/4 cup chopped green onions pattie then a slice of tomato, slice

Vi teaspoon pepper of green pepper, and last a slice of

Picnic Salad 2 teaspoons salt dill pickle.

6 cups diced boiled potatoes 2 eggs beaten 9. Baste your ham with the spicy

jar pickles. a of sweet syrup from diced 4 cucumbers

stir stick to 10. a Serve cinnamon the ingredients. Divide Combine sliced radishes cup% juice. grapefruit iced your patties. into 12 portions. Mold into finely celery cut cup% 11. sherbet cranberry with Serve slices into halves 12 lengthwise CutV3 finely cut green cup pepper

turkey a hot salad on summer day. 2 strips of bacon. bacon Arrange sausage 1 pound

is in the temperature 12. When place one on wax paper;Vz teaspoon dry mustard crosswise

salt pattie on bacon intersection. Bring the 90's, serve cold fried chicken and

% cup chopped green onions or ends of bacon together at top and hot potato salad.

chives fasten with a toothpick. Broil about

about 2 cups boiled salad dressing 15 minutes, turning once.

THE PROBLEM OF Cook the sausage with 2 tableSANDWICH FILLINGS FOR HANDME-DOWNS spoons water, covered, for 10 min- "LAP PICNICS"utes, drain well, cool. Mix the dry by Joyce Knudsen

mustard into the salad dressing, and Chopped olives and pecans moisfold in all other ingredients. Carry tened with mayonnaise. Nina beamed up at the milkman

to picnic in lettucelined salad bowl. when he noticed her pink straw hat.

Spread toast with mashed avocado "It's my big sister's. Now I get to

Grilled French Cheese Sandwiches mnoistened with mayonnaise; add wear it!"

Dip cheese sandwiches into a mixsliced tomato and a strip of crisp Nina was three then. It was a

ture of 1 cup milk, 2 wellbeaten bacon, and cover. privilege to inherit Judy's spring hat.

eggs, lk teaspoon salt, dash of pepEven at five she was delighted to per, and paprika. This egg mixture Hardcooked eggs chopped and grow into a dress that seemed new.

may be prepared at home and deviled spread on brown bread. Add But at seven she was frankly

brought to the canyon in a bottle. paper thin slice of ham and cover. dubious of handme-downs.

Fry until golden brown in medium As it is in many families, nature hot fat. Be sure the cheese has time Grind bologna, add mayonnaise, hadn't precisely balanced the sexes

to melt. and finely chopped sweet pickle. of our children. With two daughters, we shared the situation of

Picnic #2 Flaked tuna, chopped green pepneighbors who were happily rearing per, moistened with salad dressing. four sons or, in one case, no fewer

Tater Burgers than six little stepstair girls.

Tossed Green Salad Baked Beans August is picnic month. Enjoy a In the beginning we were dePumpernickle Bread picnic a week with your family and lighted to realize that the family

Apple Turnovers friends before vacation time is over. budget would stretch to clothing of

Never start on a picnic without better quality because Nina could

Tater Burgers plenty of good food and a happy grow into the good spring coat or 2 pounds ground beef disposition. the wool skirt which seldom received

2 x/2 cups grated raw potato full wear from Judy.

V2 teaspoon pepper A DOZENWHY DON'T YOU? With every change of season there

2 teaspoons salt was a busy raising and lowering of 3 tablespoons grated onion 1. Cream eggs for breakfast and hems, and two pairs of small fingers

serve over waffles. were content to help pull out threads

Shape into patties. Brown slowly 2. Flavor your cereal cream with and ready garments for the next seain melted shortening allowing about grated orange rind. son.

20 minutes for cooking. Turn pat- 3. Start the day with a glass of Of course, the term "handme-

ties about 4 times. apricot nectar served with a wedge down"rarely occurs to Mother as

of lime or lemon. she looks over the good coat or the

4. For a speedy lunch serve pair of flannel slacks which an older

Picnic #3 creamed tuna over canned green child outgrew. In prosperous times

beans. or lean times, it's only a matter of

Bacon Bundles 5. Add sliced ripe olives to scramthrift and common sense to avoid

Corn on the cob bled eggs. wasting a good article of clothing

Fresh Raw Vegetable Plate 6. Team up slices of avocado and that took a sizable slice of the clothToasted English Muffins oranges and serve on lettuce leaves ing budget.

Watermelon with French dressing. It was just after Nina's fifth birth600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

Hot Dog! Patio Parties and Picnics

day that we noticed a change. She

of conscious becomingwas an...twice the fun with clothes wereobvious fact. When

bought in the stores, most of them were for Judy. By the time Nina TABLE QUEEN BUNS 1M

still in into they them, weregrew

Sliced, for your convenience package! 8 to a

condition, they but were nogood

. vitamins with Enriched.. delicious! and iron * Fresh or exciting.longer new

We recognized that in such a small way an unhealthy little mold of resentment might grow. Love and

attention had always been shared in the family; surely thrift could be

maintained without an unbalance of the needs to which every child is entitled.We found that it takes planning

and just a little ingenuity to achieve Wonderful a healthy balance. For WEINERS

I learned to keep good outgrown clothes in a box where they could be stored until it was necessary to For Picnics That Click, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS buy Judy a new item of clothing. If SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY OGDEN

the article could be bought without to the store, sotaking Judy much the.. sparkling it arrived,better. something When

similar for Nina would have been previously taken from the "growinto"box and refurbished so that both little girls had something new.

By the time a child is ten or eleven lemon lime he can be expected to understand that it's neither desirable nor practical for several members to have - something new at the same time. His

his of place secureconcept own in in the green bottle will mature.the family be But more

until that stage has been reached in the individual child's emotional de-

::::::; --:; L:::..::,:;:.:;.:.:;:velopment, it's quite reasonable to:.:.:;::.:.:::

balance purchases in some small manner. with the red label

We found that if Judy had to be taken to the store to be fitted, it avoided a juvenile fear that Nina was less loved, to take her along on the shopping trip and to buy a small new Get in the Spirit!

item for her. If Judy needed a good

that discoveredquality Nina coat, we Bottled by

Bottling Co., i SERVE ICE eOiB""of CocaCola pair a 98cent withwas delighted

City, Utah Salt Lake bright red pedal pushers.

Each youngster is entitled to certain small likes and dislikes in clothing. Even at five or six, a child can

be aware that the gray flannel coat THE CENTER OF which suited blonde Judy tends to CONVENIENCE make brunette Nina look colorless. rt., ijm fM NEW AMERICA

But the simple addition of a red COOiifjt MOTEL collarvelveteen and new red but320BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL ROOMSSHOP MAINSALONAT FIFTH BARBERSOUTH individual the coat andtons makes exciting to the little one—at the cost

of perhaps an hour's work.

In several years of refurbishing handme-downs I found that a few beltbright buttons or a new work salt lake city outgrown an in makingwonders

AUGUST I960 601.

article look custommade for the the ingenious touch which transred corduroy cuffs to a pair of slacks, child who inherits them. formed a typical unglamorous handand a bow of blue ribbon to a winter

Boys are traditionally less fussy medown into an item that the hat.

about clothing than are girls, yet they youngster was delighted to wear. Yes, the clothing could have been

are still sensitive about certain In the past few months in our handed down without that small inthings. A neighboring mother made family, a simple new blouse has vestment of time and effort. But it's

a perfectly good boy's winter coat added to the attractiveness of a an investment which has paid the from a gray tweed belonging to his good handme-down skirt. A twin priceless dividend of radiant happifather. But the color was unappealline of rickrack braid has gaily disness in the face of a child who has

ing to a little boy—until she lined it guised the mark where a gingham concrete proof that Mother and

with gay Scotch tartan! That was dress hem was lowered. I had added Daddy care about his needs.

It all adds up..

Church Service in the Richard L. Evans Military Service

We have become increasingly aware lately of the (Continued from page 595) socalled exact sciences—of mathematical formulas,

THE for example, from which can be forecast the forces hostess will make provisions for us.

SPOKEN of the inner atom and the orbiting of outer areas. "We must never compromise in WORD Order is evident in all of this—order, and the mind order to 'get ahead'or 'make an

of an Infinite Administrator. But he whose infinite orderliness is impression.'It is well to keep in

everywhere in evidence, has not left his children without laws of mind that the whole Church may be life that lend to results as sure, as certain, as the laws pertaining judged by our actions. By being

to physical phenomena—laws of health, moral laws, counsel, and true to our principles, be it the Word

commandments. There has been a tendency by some to say that of Wisdom or any other principle, I

I can strengthen myself and this ageold counsel on conduct may have served a purpose in the know past, but is no longer essential to human happiness. But it simply my husband.

isn't so. There is no evidence that loose thinking or lax living or so- "Occasionally it is required'that

called emancipation from morals and manners has brought peace we attend an undesirable function of or happiness or progress to anyone—ever. And the Father of us all, some type. For instance, recently

in his love and wisdom pertaining to his children, hasn't said "Thou our flight commander announced shaft"and "Thou shalt not"for no particular purpose. As Emerson that everyone 'would'attend bingo

said: "The world looks like a multiplicationtable or a mathematical that night. The flight with the largequation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself.... You est attendance would receive free

cannot do wrong without suffering wrong.... A man cannot speak champagne, and our flight was strivbut he judges himself.... Every secret is told, every wrong ing for this 'honor.'

redressed, in silence and certainty.... The thief steals from himself. "Later, privately, my husband took

The swindler swindles himself.... Men suffer all their life long, time to explain to the commander

under the foolish superstition that they can be cheated. But it is... that to us bingo was gambling and

impossible for a man to be cheated by anyone but himself.... What that we did not gamble; and that

will you have? quoth God; pay for it and take it... thou shalt be even our presence there could be

paid exactly for what thou hast done, no more, no less."1 To use mistaken for a vote of confidence on

the mathematical vernacular: It all adds up. As William James our part for this type of activity.

worded it: "Every smallest stroke of virtue or of vice leaves its never "Brother White was a bit surprised

so little scar."- Every thought and act and utterance is being when his flight commander said,

counted "among the molecules and nerve cells and fibres."... 'That's right Captain White, you are

"Nothing we ever do is in strict scientific literalness wiped out."2 It an elder in your Church, aren't you?

all adds up. No amount of rationalizing can cancel out the fact And you do hold a responsible posithat peace and quiet come with keeping clean, with keeping the tion here, don't you?'Indeed he

commandments, and no amount of rationalizing can save us from understood our responsibilities and the consequences of misconduct. We are the sum of the thoughts appreciated our right to follow the

we think; of the habits we have, of all we do and have done. We dictates of our conscience.

are the sum of all our actions and attitudes and utterances, of all "Needless to say, we were excused things stored in body and mind and memory. The laws given by from this function.

a loving Father are always in force and always effective. His advice "When it becomes necessary for

is worth taking, his commandments worth keeping. It all adds up. my husband to make decisions of

this type, I should stand beside him "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the and uphold and support him. I

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 12, 1960. Copyright 1960. realize, as he does, how important

it is for Latterday Saints to set a 'Emerson, Compensation.

2William James, The Laws of Habits. fitting example.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in 1959 "Before an left Japan we issionary officer, servthe years in with many ice, took the opportunity to tell

Brother White how much he thought of LDS servicemen—how much he

istinctive choice ofadmired them for living what they D believed to be true, and for standing programs to make the up for the causes they knew to be farewell complete. The

just and right. He said, among other missionary's photograph

things, that he felt that most of the included in folded

LDS men he had worked with were program.

exceptionally dependable and trustworthy and that he considered it a $18.00 for 500

privilege to have the opportunity to and 85c per 100 work with them. He was also thankfor more or less than 500

ful to have men in his command that plus postage he could rely on to never waver from the mission of the unit. The West's Finest

"So it is very important that we Printers and Binders do everything to the best of our ability, living the gospel and keeping the commandments every moment ofevery dav. Whether we encourage Deseret

our husbands in teaching a Sunday

School class or teaching a student to fly a jet, let us encourage them togive the best they have. ews

"Now let me bring out once more that pointsthe I have mentioned 33 RICHARDS ST. wivescan help in God's and mothers EM 4-2581

kingdom assist our husbands in their SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH here: progression andwork 1C

"1. Strive filled with for a home

love, built on the principles of the gospel. "2. Attend to your families and 8et INSURED

homes and obligations to the Lord first, and then add your support to of the An agencyworthy Government community or social proHighest #1 so Federalgrams. with "3. Do not compromise gospel MUprinciples to 'get ahead.'Press%

Dividend Insured Safety "4. Make your position in regard toyour beliefs clear and then stick H

to them. Don't hesitate to take your savings received by the 10th earn from the first

time to explain the reason for your actions; this is a means of introducing

people to the gospel of Jesus Christ.

"5. Bespect and support the decisions made by your husband. He is SAVINGS

blessed with the priesthood and isentitled to inspiration in governing and his family in righteousness. LO/XIM ASSOCIATION "6. Always remember—You can be formerly Zicns Benefit Building Society

for goodwill'ofan 'ambassador the 33 EAST 1st SOUTHSALT LAKE CITY LatterChrist of of JesusChurchday Saints. 49D1 SOUTH STATEMURRAY

"It matters not in what activity we Utah 8 Oldest Savings and Loan Association may be engaged, these words from

Matthew tell us the way to live:

'But seek ye first the kingdom of

God, and his righteousness; and all NATURAL & ORGANIC

these things shall be added unto you.'Acontainingcompletelyall thebalancedvitaminsFOODand mineralsSUPPLEMENTfrom

(Matt. 6:33.)"natural sources; compounded in a base of

cress, with pars'ey; alfalfa, coated and water Re teacher. music quickly, right Learn at

to yourplay ownpiano. accordion, chlorophyll. any

it home,Our famous No boringinstrument. for supply. your 30 Send only day $3.50 cises. picturedplaying Stan righteasy. piecesmake

students, lessonssimpleincludingguitar, exercost.for away.Welk. LowWrite Calif. Bliss Vitamin Supply 305 Reseda, Box No will Lawrencesalesman No U. S. book.of Music, SchoolFREEl.OOO.OOO Studioobligation. Port 120a, call,N. V. Washington,

AUGUST I960 603 Teaching by Contagion comes impatient with a student who does not understand or who disagrees, has not taught patience. The

(Continued from page 571) student will learn patience if he sees the teacher patiently trying to put taught them to their students. over a point or sees him answering

A certain teacher had been pre- a question with patient understandsenting a lesson from the life of the ing or observes patience in handling

Savior. He had first quoted Jesus'a difficult or delicate situation. The

teaching to "judge not,"and then student learns more by contagion had gone on to show why it is imthan by what he hears, and he learns possible for men to judge fairly. This it better.

led into a fine discussion of the ad- A student recently related how he vantages of looking for the best in had been in classes taught by Dr.

everyone. As the teacher neared the Franklin L. West while attending

of this fine lesson, conclusion a boy the ago. in Logan many years USU

off the suddenly of a bench end went acathe said he had forgotten He Fruit and landed on the floor. The atdemic side of what Dr. West taught

mosphere changed immediately, and but had not forgotten the dynamics so did the teacher. The individual by which he was lifted both spiritFreshFormerly FRUITFREEZE assumed to have pushed the boy off ually and intellectually. He learned

Easy "nofailure"way to freeze the bench received a scathing remuch more than lessons in physics.

or can your fruits buke. The teacher was extremely Qualities of teaching and living seen

Stops discoloration and protects sarcastic. in this teacher have influenced many

natural fruit flavor Whether the boy thus humililives, for his was contagious teaching.

is fruit or guilty salads fresh for beside Keeps ated was innocent tell Teachers the must and show serving before hours religion point. of the The teacher it ideal will students before a make

vitamin extra or is since C to frozen dealing with ideals, Adds and lives. part of their not this does But

flavor improves juices—canned of does is the teacher what such necessarily teachers that imply need

is in the can teaching great importance One 9 8 feel that are the they Christ example.

for 75 lbs. enough live ideals the process, he must or be is our example. teachers do But fruit of as discredited of in danger becoming effectively teach that about most

a witness of them. which they feel deeply, and by what

We cannot teach the importance they themselves are. It would be unand worth of the individual and, at fortunate, to say the least, if teachers

the same time, belittle and embarrass began to do things merely for the members of the class. Certainly we sake of being examples. Teachers

cannot teach students one thing by are not perfect, and both they and what we say, and another by what their students know it. Like everywe do, without giving a lie to what one else, they should live the gospel

we say. The teacher in the above because it is right to live it. Virtue

situation not only judged quickly is its own justification and needs no and wrongly, but he also taught by outside artificial motivation. We

contagion a live for its the gospel negative lesson about should own FILMS! worth of man. sake, not examples. to become When & PRINTED the DEVELOPED Another area in which we somewe do attempt to live the gospel,

times teach by what we do has to however, our love and testimony will do with attendance. The gospel become apparent to others. While

Exposur Send Coin Onlv teaches us that we should be more students may be conscious of our—No C.O.D.'s concerned with individuals than imperfection in achievement, they

PHOTOS Copie with the group. But sometimes we can also be aware of the urgency of

r GENEALOGYemphasize percentages to the degree our desire and the depth of our faith.

that the group appears more imThese are contagious.

portant than individual achievement requirePHOTO that the appear It would

AA, Salt Lake City, Ut:IP. O. Box 1115, Dept. It is easy and worth. is not perfection in example, to go after ment

percentage points rather than after but sincerity of effort. President

lost sheep, and there is a lot of difDavid O. McKay, in closing the last

ference between these two interests. general conference, said: "It is our

TO THE CONCERNED PARENT It is so easy for students to know responsibility to impress our children which interest is most important to with our sincerity in our belief in teachers. the gospel of Jesus Christ.... Chil-

1$ your child getting the proper foundation in

READING? Use the precious Summer months to A teacher who first shows the ideal dren are very susceptible to insinexcel in reading and spelling, help him by buildof patience to his class and then becerity."foundation firm home—the ing a in PHONICS—at

easy but professional way.

Write for free information about the techniques and low cost materials needed to help you in this important work.

Write To: TEACHER, Box 305, Reseda, Calif.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Right at the Center of the Center of Scenic America

Forever in My Heart

(Continued from page 564)

to the spring wagon, we covered all with clean sacks.

Then Papa put the high, ribbed white top he had made over the wagon and all was ready. Tuesday

morning he got up at three and, leaving a neighbor boy to finish the chores, he drove away to Elmo and other towns south of us that were so far away they seemed to belong to another world. He always stayed

overnight, sleeping in the wagon to Adjacent to worldfamous Temple Square guard the cheese and to be on hand Your choice of downtown locations:

when the stores were opened in the with conditioned air Hotel rooms 150 air with conditioned Utah rooms 500 HOTELmorning.

television, pool, conswimming ice circulating radio, and TV mtau MOTOR Late Wednesday afternoon Mamfacilities vention for up lobby, to 1500 adjoining water, garage ma said it was about time for Papa Empire Room, Coffee Shop. LODGE persons.

to be home, coming and we could Max Dean, Manager all him. go to meet washed We

hands and faces, put on clean aprons, and with baby Charlotte in the small, homemade, twowheeled car with a little pillow behind her, barefooted we walked along in the warm dust of the road. While still in sight of Reminds you of fresh country cream

our Lombardy poplars, we spied the white top of the wagon over the brow..that good Morning Milk

of a hill. We hastened our going

for it was good to see Papa again Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture.

too, usuallyand to he had managed

Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in thespare for pennies of a few a stick candy apiece. unopened can. Guarantees superior cooking

He stopped the tired team. He results.

was smiling. Perhaps he had had

this time.better success I lifted the So rich it whips easily when chilled

as he reached to himbaby up down for her and the cart while the other two scrambled up alone.

The small ones could not wait.

"Did you bring us any candy, Papa?"

they asked.

I could not wait. Sitting close to

him as I held the baby I anxiously asked. "Did you sell all the cheese,

Papa?""Yes, and I didn't have to take it all out in trade this time. I got part

of the pay in money."

What a joy that was, for now the neighbors could be paid at once for their milk. And then—from out a

paper bag came a striped stick of peppermint candy apiece, that in itself was almost worth that long trip.

There were even three sticks left, one for Mamma, and the other two to be doled out days later in small pieces.

When we reached the house, there RENT NOW AVAILABLE - WRITE FOR

Trailers Sleeping Vacation of to the excitement helpingwas

LISTING OF COMPLETE iVJliilj Visit Yellowstone, Parks Utah trade. in the incarry things taken

Sleep 2 to persons 8 Choir Records Tabernacle Mormon linen, rice, Auto, all kitchen of items the furnished prunes, packages on request.Among Recordings Columbia

to Write CENTRE South Main t1 RECORD47 UNITED RENTALLS Salt Lake I * City, Utah Z/I tiJTXV m So. Main, Salt 2270 Lake City 15, Utah

AUGUST I960 605

and sugar was a large pasteboard stove lid, mixed it with soapy water,

Bessie blacking. was box. and made much"T f said. the result, with and "Oh Papa. What is this?"we asked pleased

at once. Papa did not answer. He they'd just squeak a little, folks

carried it into the house himself would think they were new!"

along with a long, slim parcel like a Mamma was all ready. Her

cane. He handed the box to Mamma. brown dress was too warm for sumFOLDING TABLE LINE "For youl"he said. mer but it looked well with the hat

Kitchen committees, groups, attention! Directfrom- social "For me?"asked Mamma incredand anyway, one couldn't have

prices faclory discounts up—that knew. everything ulously. and Mamma to terms. Churches, 40%

all Schools, Clubs,—and it,"Lodges lifted as face lighted said Church, At Grandma's he Papa "Open

organizations. new Our Monsurprise she, so pleasure too, that with might when and up the baby FoldKiii); up roe Folding I960

Tables Banquet arc unmatched quality, durability, for convensee. she saw Mamma's new hat and the

ience appearand handsome close. What could grand parasol. The greataunties sizes. We crowded nee. and 68 Models EASY HANDLING, STORAGE, a

possibly be in the box? Not even I were pleased, too, though not openly

1960 BIG CATALOG FREE—whatsoever. idea never do commenting, which would any had

trucks, chairs, line tobies, table pictures. Full and chair Color in the not the before people box was opened—and who were Then year. bulletin partitions, boards. platformrisers, 52nd portable

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa there before us—in that plain, bare family.

room, lay a beautiful hat of fine buff After Church, before Sunday straw. We could all see that it was School began, Mamma said, "Papa,

BEFORE BUYING AN ORGAN - SEE right in style for it had a high, flatyou look after the children, and I topped crown with pale yellow roses will walk down to see Grandma.

in front, against the crown. With ( My greatgrandmother Truscott.

to stay with Grandpa who trembling fingers Mamma lifted it up She had"tissue paper, scented the soft from is i11 at. itself lovely to look "Don't you want to wait until after was BEFORE BUYING A PIANO - SEE.. that

Underneath the brim of the hat was the singing?"asked Papa.

a little fluted edging of buff lace. "No,"answered Mamma, "not this

"Put it on,"said Papa as he lifted time. I want to have a little visit

the baby into her high chair. with Grandma. She will want to see

pianos "I should be wearing my good the baby, and anyway,—I want to dress,"said Mamma, but she put it show her my new hat."

THE WORLD'S FSNEST on and even though her dress was a And so Papa led the little ones to

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS worn and faded blue calico, she the infant and primary classes but I looked just beautiful. We all thought slipped out on the front porch, alone.

AVAILABLE FOR CHURCH OR HOME so. She looked at herself in the I just had to watch my mother in the

PHONE OR WRITE FOR INFORMATION mirror and suddenly, again, there sunshine. She walked along the

were tears in her eyes. She said cinder path, holding the baby on

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. nothing but putting the hat back in one arm, and over the beautiful hat

3719 So. StctteAM 2-1061-S. L. C, Utah its box, lifted up her arms to Papa she held the shining parasol. I

and gave him a rare kiss. He clasped watched, until I saw Greatgrandma

her close while we children looked open the door of her little house, on in wonder. then I turned and went back into

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS As if that were not enough joy, Church, the memory of that picture

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple there was the long slim parcel that, to be forever in my heart.

sore throat and other minor mouth when opened, proved to be a light and throat irritations. brown satin parasol with carved

handle. That was even more of a

hat, the surprise than and would be HALL'S REMEDY sun. hot in the such luxury CityUtah Salt Lake

And now it was hard to wait until Normal Family

Sunday, but finally it did come.

Bessie and I were dressed in our (Continued from page 579) dresses, usual lawn yellow brown and H & M OINTMENT dress white and the challenging title of "The Silver in her one the baby

Clear your burning, itching Athlete's Foot. the small brother and sister in seerDaggers"and was underscored with

"Fungus Infection,"also mild skin irritations. sucker. an actionfilled caption, "They Flew

stores clear or up At drug money refunded. A

in Idaho. order Other states from "I don't see many boys as good F-102's to Victory."and Utah

H & M Laboratories, Nephi, Utah. looking as our Albert,"said Papa. I I never saw the film. They never

$1.25 and $2.00 Postage paid. was surprised, for I had never got the "simulator"(whatever that thought of my brother as being goodis) built.

looking. Bessie's shoes were shabby, After that, for a while, John Q.

as there had been no blacking in the Public was left in total ignorance.

lovely box for some time, but she could not No added sign informed anyone as wear shabby shoes to Church. Papa to what was "Coming Soon."There

overs took soot from the under side of a were just those black, empty words

KITCHEtl CHARITI WAXED PAPER

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

hanging there—silent, ominous. (One (No matter what a bachelor or SAVE WHERE EARNINGS

woman walked right up the front spinster thinks.)

HIGHER ARE the window, stood below andwalk successful finest of the most managed, one With read. slightly, in California as she...Verdugo Savings associationsfrowning Then THE END & Loan.

in first trust are it.;ested deeds funds V Whereshook her head and walked away.) Added Note: in rcrirliiitial properties on selected

after, took on phrase the Shortly areas. growth sound It's that attention just to come my V

rate commensurate earn you the highest Where the "Affectionate,"vital meaning. an completed children the have now

is to insured safety, with up account each and it?) (that's name, isn't a normalcat—kittens. for course obstacle Federal Loan Insurance Savings and by the $10,000was going to have her fourth litter A. This includes: V Corporation. Earnings paid quarterly.

of kittens. 1. A slanting ramp (or do all Save by mail with insured safety

slant?) of ramps them. they came. Four Then

Accounts 2. for trap door them to fall A by opened started we're back where we Now

July Uth through current still isagain. Something "Coming earn from annual the 3. trap underneath door A July 1st. all of afraid we'reSoon,"what and rate

it might be. (And that's certainly other trap door so that AY when—normal. SAVINGS VERDUGO forget Let's use! what's the Oh, Association Loan In and are? "normal"see we You how

thing. the whole California Sunland, air barrelspite of the force—wooden

of heart famous the who'd anyone you Say—if know

of Early California of spite Grant everyLand (In kittens—intops Verdugo—now part and

Los Angeles.) of greater will let like a kitten, you? know, me I a ( especiallything, defy anyone—

bachelor or a spinster) to say we're THE REAL END George A. Campbell, Presidentnot.

For instance, I threaten, scold, outVEROUGO8134 FoothillSAVINGSBlvd., Sunland,& LOANCaliforniaASSOCIATION

stare, demand, and finally shame ['lease send information about your Association them into going to bed. I practicalDoes Satan Have Power Name

ly have to hogtie them to get them to bathe—and once they're in the tub, to Ansioer Prayers? Zone State

I have to blast them with nitro- (Continued from page 561) glycerine to get them out. ( And then

they haven't washed. They've been answer is sorely needed.

swimming, sinking battleships, and The Lord also has said: "He that

skindiving. seeketh me early shall find me, and

They consume more food in a day shall not be forsaken."9 It is the HBBHMIilHiMN]

than a super market sells at an anniduty of parents to teach their chilversary sale. dren to pray as soon as they comto Let them understand. mence

dirt, kittens, air force, But, and their of approaching the habit form of the daylights outall—I could hug in unthe Father and with heaven,

their so couldeveryone of them—And

findfather (even when he can't ** RPANHBRAND any derstandingIf this habitof theis formedreason forin prayer.childtools, his they'veof and

it mature through remain hood, may rain in the outsaw ). Weleftjusthis plainbest years, the and who or woman man

love each other. has earnestly sought the Lord and

And I'm sure as anything that—thanked him for blessings, may exSeedless that's normal. pect that the Lord will not forsake RAISINS

Then, too, once in a while in our them in the hour of need. Members

of life I pull a nugget out"normal"should reflect of the Church freThe World's Finest Raisins little girl lookspure gold—when quently on the admonition of Amumy

Up at me and says warmly, "I don't lek, as recorded in Alma, chapter care if you are ugly, Mommie—I love thirtyfour, in the Book of Mormon.

best."the definitely sure thatyou may be We

to deFRESNO HOME PACKING CO. FRESNO, CALIF. will permit Satan not the tenyear old smears Lord Or—when

mud across the carpet and grins out ceive the earnest seeker after truth from between his freckles and says, when he sincerely prays.

"You're pretty, Mom."—and me with Hbid., 88:83.

my hair up in curlers and my duster Note: Response to Your Question on! is so great that it is possible You SAVE!

Or when my fifteenyear-old kisses to answer on these pages but questions the percentage of in front of unabashedly a whole a smallme submitted. cases In some it When you Shop at meeting. congregation in Sacrament to answer seem advisable may

Normal? Well—I don't know. questions by mail. This can

Suddenly it doesn't matter whether includebea stamped,done, of course,addressedonlyenvelopeif you we're a "normal family"or not. I when you write. SAFEWAY

guess we're normal for us, anyway. -J. F. S. Friend of the Family

Friend of the Farmer

AUGUST I960 607 The Last Word

half better called his wife his He

Time, like a river, rolls imperceptibly away, till it wher'er went. mirthfulness, he With

loses itself in the vast ocean of eternity. Happy they The neighbors whispered, with a laugh,

who mark its periods by deeds which shall bear That she was ninetyfive percent.

record when time itself shall be no more!—Selected

The curious motorist stopped in a vacation area to observe a farmer putting up a building.

"What are you building?"our man asked.

"Well,"answered the farmer. "If I can rent it, it's

a rustic cottage nestled 'neath two tall pines. If I

can't, it's a cowshed."

If you want to leave your footprints in the sands of It is better to have one man working with you than time, wear your work shoes. three men working for you.

See that you keep the windows of the mind, and of the soul also, open to the light and the air. Take Joe, looking at Niwith you into the dust and tumult, the ambitions and agara Falls: "Got anycares, the homely joys and sorrows, which will make thing like that in

up the treasure of your working days and years, an Texas?"

inextinguishable faith in the things which are unseen, uu Texan: "We got a

the things which give dignity to service, inspiration plumber who could to work, purpose to suffering, a value immeasurable fix that leak in ten and eternal to the humblest of human lives. minutes."

—Mr. Asquith

Great beauty, great strength, and great riches are the have committed We Golden Rule to memory. really and truly of no great use; a right heart exceeds

life. it toLet us now commit all.

—Chesterton—Benjamin Franklin

"I can't get over how well you and your wife get It is not what men eat but what they digest that along. Don't you ever have any differences of makes them strong; not what we gain, but what we

opinions? save that makes us rich; not what we read, but what

"Oh, yes—very often."we remember that makes us learn; and not what we

"And yet you get over them so quickly?"preach, but what we practice that makes us Christians.

"Ah, that's the secret. I never tell her about them."—Francis Bacon

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA No jam tastes like the kind you make yourself!

Easy! Thrifty! No failures—and only oneminute boil with Certo or SureJell!

Stfflfc>

SureJell and Certo are Recipe: perfect homemade Stir in 5 cups sugar at once. Remove from heat; alterbrands of pectin... the fruit peach jam. Peel, pit and crush 3 Bring to fullrolling boil. Boil nately stir and skim off foam for

substance that causes jelling. The lbs. fullyripepeach.es. Mix4cups hard for 1 minute only, stirring 5 min. Ladle quickly into 9 mepectin in fruits varies—so Sureprepared fruit in very large sauceconstantly. A short boil time dium glasses". Cover

Jell or Certo takes the guesswork pan with 1 box powdered Suremeans less juice boils away—so with paraffin. Sureout of jam and jelly making. Jell. (Or use liquid Certo—recipe you get up to 50% higher yield, Jell andCerto are recRecipes with package and bottle. on bottle.) Stir over high heat and the flavor comes through ommended by GenProducts of General Foods. until mixture comes to hard boil. fresher—with SureJell or Certo! eral Foods Kitchens.

A look into the future shows the benefits of Beneficial *&

Li nsured

nsurability"

If you are 37 years of age or under, you may

qualify for this important new bonus benefit

Technically known to insurance experts as a you during the next few years! For example, this

"Guaranteed Purchase Option,"this new feature that agreement, attached to a $10,000 policy issued at age we often call "Insured Insurability"can be added to 23, would guarantee the right to purchase $10,000 certain Beneficial Life policies to give you added additional insurance, at standard rates, at ages 25, 28, benefits. 31, 34, 37, and 40... or a total of $60,000 more insurIt simply means that if you now purchase a ance—without evidence of insurability. If you are now

Beneficial Life policy of $5,000 to $10,000 (other than 34 years old, you would have two purchase options term insurance) and are age 37 or younger, you can at ages 37 and 40—for an additional $20,000 in

later purchase additional insurance on certain anniinsurance.

versaries of your policy, without a new medical examiAsk the Beneficial Life agent in your community nation or other evidence of insurability. to explain the benefits of this new plan for you...

Think what that extra protection could mean to or mail the handy coupon below.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City, Utah BENEFICIAL IIEE Please explain fully the provisions of your new "Insured Insurability"plan.

Name. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFDCity ZoneState-