j

AN ESTIMATE OF SCANDINAVIAN JUBILEE 1.l IN THE ERA FOR AUGUST.

IMPROVEMENT

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. =*=

'PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD. t

F. j Business Smith, \ Joseph Heber Grant, r-r-s

i \ Managers. Hull,J. Anderson, -ojauorsinra - Thos. Edw. h.

JULY, 1900. 2<

TABLE OF CONTENTS. F=

The Pilgrims: The Pioneers Nephi Anderson 641 i 1 i

Independence Day in Mexico. A poem Sarah E. Pearson 645 -*—

of "The Roar of the Cataract—A Fourth

July Ramble Sarah Whalen 647 CSJ

A Nephite's Commandments to his Three

Shiblon Elder B. H. Roberts 653!ZZ3 Sons—II.

- Business Training D.E.Davis 658 c>Q

The Scofield Mine Disaster. A Poem Charles C. Bush 661 C

Salvation Diversified Elder H. W. Naisbitt 662

The Speakers'Contest: "Thou Shalt Not."Walter J. Sloan 667

Joseph Smith—His Mission and Persecution Mark C. Brown 673

Utah, Star of the West. A Poem Annie G. Lauritzen 678

Letters from Missionaries The Way Cleared Jas. W. Lesueur 679

Who will Join in this Cause? J. L. Workman 680

The First Vision Alma 0- Taylor 682—

Stratfordon-Avon C. G. Berry 687

Editor's Table: Annual M. I. A. Conference > --—Only Surviving Son of Sidney Rigdon C

Prayers and Work for the Dead—New 2 Edition of Succession—Historic Parallels 693 c/) > Notes 704 H 3J

In Lighter Mood 706 m Our Work: Minutes of the Annual M. LA. 33 <

Conference 707 > Events of the Month Thomas Hull 717 -<Oc SALT LAKE CITY: 2

214 and 215 TBMPLETON BLDG.

Published Monthly. $2. pep Annum,

All who enjoy good living will approIT ft YT ATI ft'C HAMS, BREAKFAST oi&te thoroughly the merits of ilK.Ju.UU XV BACON AND LARD'

Remember the Name. ARMOUR * COMPANY.

THESaponifies.

STATE BAfi

op UTAH

Hebkr J. Grant, Prest.

William B. Preston, VicePrest.

Hebbr M. Wells, Cashier.

Chas. S. Burton, Asst. Cashier.

DIRECTORS: Hebor J. Grant, Chas. 8. Burton,

Pennsylvania Saponifler is the original and William B. Preston, Philo T. Farnsworth,

old reliable Concentrated Lye for family Joseph F. Smith, Heber M. Wells,

soap making and general household uses. A.W.Carlson, Isaac Barton,

Beware of counterfeits. The success of this Byron Groo.

article has induced unprincipled parties to

Imitate it. None genuine unless Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Co., Philadelphia, is

on thetamped lid. Ask your grocer for it ACCOUNTS SOLICITED and otherand take no

CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Co.,

PHILRDBLPHIK. Drafts Drawn on All Parts of the World.

LtUjViBER, Keep JRoney at Home

SASH, DOORS, By Insuring in the—m poUbDVGS.

WORK IN "SUm.mWHOLESALE AND RETAIL. HOME

TAYliOt*,SOJVIflEY, FIRE

COmPAfiY. or UTAHOffice and Yards:

COR SOUTH TEMPLE AND SECOND WEST. HeDer J. Grant & 60., City. Salt Lake

Telephone 267. GENERAL AGENTS.

(1THEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

THIS SUIT BY pilt, POSTAGE PREPAID FOR, $10.65

It's of a handsome brown and grey cassimere; a very nobby pattern in a broken plaid. One of the swellest things we have had

this season. It comes in round cut or square cut style. The linings are of best quality Italian cloth. The padding canvas and

tailoring all through are as good as you'll find in any $12 00 suit andmost $15.00 suits on the market. We'll mail you a suit, postage

prepaid, for $ 10.65, and if it is not exactly as we represent it to be,

you may send it back and get your money. *

Write us for samples of our blacks.

Write us about shirts or underwear or anything else you need.

We want your trade no matter how small it is,

ON6 RJRICe.

J. R. GARDNER,

J 36- 1 38 Main Street, Salt Lake City.

StudeftaKer - FARM WAGON

Conceded by all farmers and teamsters to be the best and lightest runuiag wagon on the market

Al work guaranteed strictly firstclass. The name STUDEBAKER stands for the BEST.

Studebaker Bros., Mfg. Co.,

157, J59 and \6\ State Street, - SALT LAKE CITY.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

NEWEST OAK STOVE BUILT NICKEL BASE AND

CIRCULATING FLUE

POSITIVELY AIR TIGHT, AND HANDSOME ENOUGH FOR ANY PARLOR

good, waoon & Machine go.

Utah and Idaho.

GEO. T. ODELL, Gen'l Mgr.

FAST EXPRESS SERVICE.

THE flem YorkSouthampton-) at 10 a. m.AMERICAN Sailing WEDNESDAY

Returning, Bail SATURDAYS, calling at Cherbourg

LINE Same Day.

Philadelphia - Liverpool Sailing SATURDAYS.

Steamers of this Berries cany only Second

Cabin and Steerage Passengers.

THE flem YoFkRED STAR LINE flntmeFp Sailing WEDNESDAYS at Noon.

, L BELGIUM, One of Shortest, SWITZERLAND.

Cheapest, Best HOLLAND.

Routes to THE RHINE, FRANOE < ITALY.

<*"**> m.UlTEHJlflTIOjJUi jUlVlGflTIOj GO.,

W. O. SPKNCE, Agent, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

(WBRN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

A GOOD OSGflH AT A HOW PICE.

Realizing the fact that a great number of worthless organs are being sold in Utah by

Eastern firms who are flooding the country with circulars representing that their goods are first class, and offering all sorts of inducements, such as trade prices to customers, in order to introduce their goods and claiming that they do not sell to dealers, but to families direct, etc.; and in order to protect the

public against these misrepresentations, we have added to our stock an organ made by the Sterling Co., whose goods have been sold

by us in Utah for fifteen years, and have stood this trying climate and have always given entire satisfaction. The case of this

particular style is plain, but everything about the instrument is well made. The accompanying cut is a representation of the case, in either oak or walnut and we will make the price

S6S.OO.

This figure includes a stool and book. We

will say further that if anything should transpire that is in any way unsatisfactory we can be easily reached and matters adjusted. Send for Catalogues to

74 MA,NDAYNES MUSIC CO.,T- LAKETW

THE NEW HE."1 MANUAL A pretty anthem byON

Prof. L. D. Edwards

words by Edw. H. THE DISPENSATION OF

*s* THE FULLNESS OF TIMES Anderson. <& <

is a most valuable compendium nee 25c andup totext1839.book on Church history

<t contains many gems from Mention Era and get the history of the Prophet Joseph a sample copy for 10c. Smith.

Liberal discount to Send orders to Choir Leaders, * M

THOS. HULL,

t* * t* && <& tlr'S* * <5* up* tfi* tt& t* * fcS* * e* vr'21415 Templeton Blk., Salt Lake City.

"Write to Edward H. Anderson,

c. each.Box 362, Ogden, Utah. Price 25

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

ROYAL B. YOUNG, Prest. ESTABLISHED 1879. JOS. YOUNG, VicePrest.

CO.,YOUNG BROS. 35 MHIN STR66T.

Dealers in Domestic, New Home and Standard Sewing Machines, Bicycles,

. PIMNOS, ORCHNS

Largest stock of Musical Merchandise in Utah. Music Boxes, all

sizes, all prices, from $f.25, $8.00, $12.00, $25.00, $45.00, $60.00, $75.00,

$90.00, $110.00 to $250.00 each. Wholesale and retail.

Agents wanted everywhere. Write for catalogue*

YOUfl HOME jfUftNlSH At Our Store if you wish to buy the best and the cheapest.

We carry the most complete stock of jit Jt Jt

Furniture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Draperies,

Stoves, Tinware, Crockery, rctp. -1 TO BE pOUflD IJl TJiH WEST.

* Salt Itake City. fl. DINWQODEY FURNITURE CO.,

SAYE YOUR MONEY, AtfD WHEN YOU GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COflPANY.

DlflECTOflS.

Lorenzo Snow

President George Q. Cannon,

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Joseph F. Smith,

Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman,

Heber J. Grant,

Angus M. Cannon.

T. G. Webber,

James Jack, H. B. Clawson,

George Reynolds, L. John Nuttall.

1, 3 & 5 MAIN STREET, - - - SAL.T LAKE CITY UTAH.

(when WRITING to advertisers mention the era.

THIS SUIT BY HAIL, POST-

, AGE PREPAID FOR $10.65

It's of a handsome brown and grey cassimere; a very nobby pattern in a broken plaid. One of the swellest things we have had

this season. It conies in round cut or square cut style. The linings are of best quality Italian cloth. The padding canvas and

tailoring all through are as good as you'll find in any $12 00 suit and most $15.00 suits on the market. We'll mail you a suit, postage

prepaid, for $10.65, and if it is not exactly as we represent it to be,

you may send it back and get your money.

Write us for samples of our blacks.

Write us about shirts or underwear or anything else you need.

We want your trade no matter how small it is.

ON6 PRIC6.

J. R. GHRDNER,

1 36138 Main Street, Salt Lake City.

stufleDaKer FARM WAGON

Conceded by all farmers and teamsters to be the best and lightest running wagon on the market

Al work guaranteed strictly firstclass. The name STUDEBAKER stands for the BEST.

Studebaker Bros., Mfg. Co.,

157, 159 and 161 State Street, - SALT LAKE CITY.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

NEWEST OAK STOYE BDILT NICKEL BASE AND

CIRCULATING FLOE

POSITIVELY AIR TIGHT, AND HANDSOME ENOUGH FOR ANY PARLOR

good, waoon k Machine Go.

Utah and Idaho.

GEO. T. ODELL, Gen'l Mgr.

FAST EXPRESS SERVICE.

/London. \ THE YofkSoathaffiptonSST) $w

10 a. m.AMERICAN Sailing WEDNESDAY at

LINE R*tnraing, Bail SATURDAYS,Same Day. calling at Chesboub*

Philadelphia - Liverpool Sailing SATURDAYS.

Steamers of this aerrica carry only Second

Cabin and Steerage Paaaengera.

THE Hem YorkRED STAR Antwerp LINE Sailing WEDNESDAYS at Noon.

BELGIUM, One of Shortest, SWITZERLAND, Cheapest, Best HOLLAND.

Routes to THE RHINE, FRANOE < ITALY.

IflTElNifiTIOflfllt flAVMTIOJl GO., wuy..

W. O. SPENCE, Agent, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

(WEEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

Pf?ICE.A GOOD ORGAJSi AT A HOW

Realizing the fact that a great number of worthless organs are being sold in Utah by

Eastern firms who are flooding the country with circulars representing that their goods are first class, and offering all sorts of inducements, such as trade prices to customers, in order to introduce their goods and claiming that they do not sell to dealers, but to families direct, etc.; and in order to protect the

public against these misrepresentations, we have added to our stock an organ made by the Sterling Co., whose goods have been sold

by us in Utah for fifteen years, and have stood this trying climate and have always given entire satisfaction. The case of this

particular style is plain, but everything about the instrument is well made. The accompanying cut is a representation of the case, in either oak or walnut and we will make the price

$65.00.

This figure includes a stool and book. We

will say further that if anything should transpire that is in any waj'unsatisfactory we can be easily reached and matters adjusted. Send for Catalogues to

DAYNES MUSIC CO. 74 MA,N ST '"LTLAKE BTio9o.

n THE NEW MANUAL A pretty anthem by ON Prof. L. D. Edwards

words by Edw. H. THE DISPENSATION OF

*?* < THE FULLNESS OF TIMES Anderson. &

is a most valuable compendium and text book on Church history - - -Price 25c up to 1839.

<t contains many gems from Mention Era and get the history of the Prophet Joseph a sample copy for 10c. Smith.

Liberal discount to Send orders to Choir Leaders. & &

THOS. HULL,Jp iSr* *& t* t2 tr* S* <u?'*2r* t3* *&* "&* t *&* <2 *2r* *2r*

214--15 Templeton Blk., Salt Lake City.

"Wte to Edward H. Anderson,

Price 25 c. each.Box 362, Ogden, Utah.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

ROYAL B. YOUNG, Prest. ESTABLISHEDBROS.1879. JOS. YOUNG,CO.,VicePrest.YOUNG 35 THIN STR66T.

Dealers in Domestic, New Home and Standard Sewing Machines, Bicycles,

. PIHNOS, ORCHNS

Largest stock of Musical Merchandise in Utah. Music Boxes, all

sizes, all prices, from $ J,25, $8.00, $12.00, $25.00, $45.00, $60.00, $75.00,

$90.00, $J1 0.00 to $250.00 each. Wholesale and retail.

Agents wanted everywhere. Write for catalogue.

URNiSH YOUR HOME At Our Store if you wish to buy the best and the cheapest.

We carry the most complete stock of jt X jt

Furniture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Draperies,

Stoves, Tinware, Crockery, Etc

TO BE FOUflD IJi TJiH WEST.

H- DlflWQODEY f-UfljUTUflE CO., - - Salt Lake City.

mBHHBHmBB SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOU GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

DlflECTOflS.

Lorenzo Snow

President George Q. Cannon,

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Joseph F. Smith,

Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman,

Heber J. Grant,

Angus M. Cannon.

T. G. Webber,

James Jack, H. B. Clawson,

George Reynolds, L. John Nuttall.

1, 3 & 5 MAIN STREET, -.. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

(when WRITING to advertisers mention the era.

Vol. III. JULY, 1900. No. 9.

THE PILGRIMS: THE PIONEERS.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF "a YOUNG FOLKS'HISTORY OF THE

CHURCH,""ADDED UPON,"ETC.

In the beginning of the seventeenth century, a band of English people was seeking religious freedom in the land of their birth.

The world was beginning to awaken from a long sleep—to emerge

from a long night of darkness. The spirit of liberty was struggling

to get from under the power that had bound the consciences of men. Among the many seekers after this religious freedom was

the Separatists of England. Not content with the form of worship

in the Church of England, they had severed their connection with that body and had organized congregations of their own; but the

powerful hand of the law came upon them, and they were "hunted,""persecuted"and "clapped in prison."At last they escaped to

Holland, where they lived in peace for twelve years.

In the beginning of the nineteenth century, the God of heaven restored again to earth the fullness of the gospel. The land of

642 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

America had been prepared for this event by the establishing of just laws that protected all men in their rights of religious worship; but when a small band of Americans believed this new revelation of God's goodness to man, and, withdrawing themselves

from the established religions of the land, set up congregations of their own, there was again the Separatists cry of "hunted,""persecuted"and "clapped in prison."Their country would not

protect them in their Godgiven constitutional rights, and they also were driven from place to place until they rested in comparative peace for a few years, in the city of Nauvoo.

Because of their enforced wanderings, the little band of

Separatists were called Pilgrims. These Pilgrims did not wish to

become anything else but Englishmen. They loved their country,

its language, and its institutions. In Holland, they would soon

become Dutch, so they prepared to remove to the newly discovered lands of the New World, where they could still remain Englishmen.

The "Mormons"were Americans. America was their home,

and, according to their religious belief, always would be. They

loved its freedom, its institutions, its Godgiven Constitution.

They did not wish to go to another country, or come under another form of government. So they moved about from place to place

within their own country, until they were forced to look to the unexplored regions of the West for a place of refuge, and still remain Americans.

The Pilgrims had heard of a new land in the West. It could

be reached by crossing a vast stretch of nearly unknown waters.

The "Mormons"had heard of a great unexplored region in the West. It could be reached by crossing wild, trackless prairies,

mountains, and deserts.

But anything for peace, and for the liberty of worshiping

God. One hundred and two Pilgrims embarked in the Mayflower

and they were two months and fifteen days on the wild Atlantic.

Stormtossed they were, seasick, bruised, weak from lack of sleep, and weary from the long confinement. But westward they sailed,

carrying with them the precious seed of liberty to plant in the garden of the Lord.

From the "Mormon"communities, stopping temporarily in

THE PILGRIMS: THE PIONEERS. 643

Iowa, one hundred and fortyeight souls went out. They were the

Pioneers. Westward, they also set their course. Slowly, day by

day, they traveled on. Weary they were, and footsore, but the

love of liberty burned in their bosoms, and the freedom of worshiping God was worth all the hardship. Their journey lasted three

months and seventeen days.

It was the 21st of December, 1620. The little ship from

Holland lay rocking in the harbor of Plymouth. Landward, it was

cold and desolate. The New England hills were covered with

snow; and through the pines, the icy breath of winter swept. Here

the Pilgrims must land. Dismal, indeed, it was, as they looked

out over the forbidding landscape, all the more harsh and uninviting when they thought of the country they had left. By their

mind's eye, they could see the soft, green meadows of their forsaken homes. The balmy air came from the sea and waved the

fields of grain. The cows lowed their greeting home. The fowls

it was only the dim echoes ofcackled, the windmills creaked,—but

past music. The stern reality was before them, and they must set

their faces hard, lest their hearts fail them, to follow their destiny to the end.

It was the 24th'of July, 1847. The little band of Pioneers

had pitched their tents in the heart of the Great American Desert.

The sun shone in burning fierceness. The bare mountains stood

gaunt and desolate. The plains lay about them, a sagebrush

waste. The earth was parched and baked, until it was cracked in

its intensity of heat. The only green objects were the willows

which lined the little stream that came from the hills. Pitiless,

indeed, was the sight, all the more dreary when contrasted in the memory with the moist lands and fertile fields of Missouri and

Illinois. But they did not falter. They may not have fully comprehended their situation, but by the eye of faith, they saw past

the heartbreaking present into the glorious future.

Before landing, the Pilgrims held a meeting in the cabin of the Mayflower, where they drew up an agreement declaring for liberty, and announcing themselves loyal subjects of the English king. Strange that they who could get no protection from that

king should still declare themselves Englishmen

The Pioneers held a meeting the day after their arrival, 644 IMPROVEMENT. ERA.

wherein they praised the Lord for his watchcare. Two days after,

a party ascended Ensign Peak, and unfurled to the breeze the stars and stripes. Though the American government would not

protect them, they were Americans still!

Hard and long did the Pilgrims labor to establish themselves in the wilderness. There was the continual fear of the native

savages. The soil was rocky, and hard to cultivate. The elements

were not gentle to them, and it was no easy task to wrest from the earth a scanty subsistence.

Equally untiring did the Pioneers work. The Indians were

also a menace to them. The land was virtually a desert. There

were no forest's cooling shade to protect them from the summer's heat. Often the winters were severe. It was no easy task to

contend against devouring insects and blighting frosts, and to make the parched ground produce their bread.

The history of the Pilgrims repeats itself in that of the "Mormon"Pioneers. Both made epochs in history, both began new chapters in the story of the race, and in the unfolding of God's purposes

in the earth. It is counted an honor to be able to trace one's lineage

to the Pilgrims. In a few years hence, it will be equally honorable to be the sons of the Pioneers.

But the greatness of both lies not only in what they did, but in the spirit in which they worked. The faith in their hearts was

manifested in their works. They honored God and their religion,

not only with their lips, but with every power of their souls. Both

were Pilgrims, both were Pioneers.

"Let it not be grievous,"wrote the Pilgrims'brethren in England to the sentiments expressed will apply with equal them,—andforce to the Pioneers—"Let it not be grievous to you that you

have been instrumental to break the ice for others. The honor

shall be yours to the world's end."

INDEPENDENCE DAY IN MEXICO.

BY SARAH E. PEARSON-

I stood apart upon a grassy hillside

To watch the gay procession as it passed,

The cavalry bands playing martial music

And infantry, and citizens en masse.

The autumn sun, beneficent and mellow,

Glistened on burnished helm and sabre sheath;

And autumn leaves of gala red and yellow

Vied with the huge boquet and perfumed wreath.

The very winds, in sympathy with freemen,

Lifted and spread their banners to the skies;

And bore away upon their wings to heaven

A nation's glad, enthusiastic cries.

In cadence sweet, they sang their ode to Freedom,

Peace on the land where brave forefathers slept;

From gladsome eyes, I caught their inspiration,

Smiled in return—then hid my face and wept.

For oh, the music of that song was unfamiliar,

The words were chanted in an unknown tongue;

Strange the device, and stranger still the banner,

Lifted on high and to the proud winds flung.

Never had I so sensed my isolation

From mountain vales which first mine eyes did greetNever had I so missed that starry emblem,

Our glorious flag that never knew defeat.

646 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Gone are the days when cradled on thy bosom,

My mother, have I listened to the strain

Of "Oh, my Father,"or "Star Spangled Banner,"

The zealot's or the patriot's sweet refrain.

Gone are the days of martial song and story

From lips now stiff and cold in death's embrace,

A father's voice recounting deeds of glory

Of soldierancestors of patriot race.

And though no more I dwell within thy borders,

No more my feet may press the sacred sod,

Yet ever present the soul's adoration

Home, country, mothertongue, and fathers'God.

And though I learn to love my fostercountry

As fostermother who hath proven kind,

Sacred as kisses pressed on waxen eyelids,

Are memories of that freedomland of mine.

THE ROAR OF THE CATARACT.

A FOURTH OF JULY RAMBLE.

BY SARAH WHALEN.

"Come,"said Frances to her brother, one day in the earlypart of July, "let's leave the city for the Fourth, it will be so noisy and dusty and tiresome. What do you say to going with father

and mother on the trip to Canada?"

"Agreed,"said her ever indulgent brother, "Let's do it. I

understand the Norseman is going to make a run over to Toronto, and I think we can induce father and mother to take that boat.

Starting from here on the morning of the Fourth, we shall escape the racket of the city and after leaving Toronto, we can come back by way of the Falls and Buffalo. That will be fine."

Accordingly, bright and early on the morning of the Fourth of

July, the little party boarded the steamer, lying at her wharf at

Charlotte, the port of entry for Rochester. Everything was gay

and joyous, the weather all that could be desired, the boat staunch and true, and bedecked from stem to stern with pennants floating gayly in the breeze. Many hearts were swelling with emotion at

the display in honor of the day.

The steamer got under way, and as she left the dock, the waters of the Genesee river were plainly discernible entering the lake at this point. They steamed rapidly past the'lighthouse,

built on a long pier extending into the lake, and almost the last object seen off shore was the blastfurnace whose fires burned steadily night and day.

Our travelers also knew well that when the good, staunch 648 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Norseman returned from her Canadian trip, her pilot would steer directly between the two lights in order to bring the boat safe into the harbor. After proceeding an hour or two, the shore had become invisible, and they were afloat on broad Ontario or Cadaracqui, as the Indians called it.

On reaching the middle of the lake, we can imagine the surprise of Frances, on seeing the sailors haul down every pennant, every streamer on board, and leave just one American flag flying forward, as the boat was steered steadily into the little Canadian port of Cobourg to leave and to take on mail.

After leaving Cobourg they touched at Port Hope, and then on to Toronto, which they reached in the evening. They have

truly avoided the dust and noise of the city. After spending a

day or two in the beautiful city of Toronto, in the province of

Ontario, and visiting the parks and public buildings of which the city boasts a considerable number, they hastened as rapidly as they could from Toronto to Niagara Falls.

On reaching the port, there were the United States custom officers, as particular as they could be, and as Frances said even "more so."Before leaving for her trip, and knowing that she

would be obliged to expose possibly all articles in her valise, she had taken the precaution to pack a great many small articles, such as pins, needles, thread, etc., in a small box, which she placed in

the bottom of the valise. The official running his hand quickly

through the articles, felt the box, and, turning things upsidedown, said to her:

"Madam, what is in that box?"

For one moment she was nonplussed, having forgotten exactly what she had packed therein. But rapidly recovering, she

blurted out the names of the contents, when she was allowed to depart in peace.

Thence to the Park at the Falls, and after resting awhile, the brother, who always delighted in entertaining his sister, engaged to tell her many interesting incidents connected with the river and the "mighty waters."

Looking through the trees, they espied some Indians from the

Tonawanda reservation, engaged in making and selling beaded articles.

THE ROAR OF THE CATARACT. 649

"They look peaceful enough,"said the brother, "but their ancestors must have caused the whites here in the early days considerable trouble."

"Speaking of Indians,"the brother continued, "let me tell you first of a custom, strange indeed, which the ancient tribes here had. "Goat Island is situated at the verge of the Falls, and separates the two great cataracts; the heavier being on the Canadian

side of the Niagara River, is known as the Horseshoe Falls.

"Let's go over so that we can see the Horseshoe and vou can the more readily understand from its shape, how it gets its name.

Here the water, just before it takes its wild plunge of one hundred and sixtyfive feet, is supposed to be sixteen feet deep, from the fact that a schooner drawing that depth of water went over the falls a number of years ago.

"Among the many interesting things which are to be found here is the beautiful rainbow, which in sunny weather is always to be seen, as you see it now, hanging over these falls. Is it any

wonder that the Indians believed that a mighty spirit dwelt in them, which must be appeased by the sacrifice to it of one of the most beautiful maidens of the tribe at certain stated periods?

The victim having been selected, was placed in a canoe filled with fruit and flowers, and set adrift in the upper rapids, to be swept swiftly and silently into the awful gorge below, from whose unfathomable depths no human being has ever come out alive.

"The American Falls, here next to us, as 'you see, are not so heavy, but higher. Under these is the wonderful Cave of the

Winds, which is simply a niche in the solid rock, the veil of the cataract forming its outer wall. If you imagine yourself in a recess in a wall with a sheet of water flowing down in front, you

will have a very fair idea what the cave is like, excepting the guide, the excitement, the danger, and the dampness.

"On word in regard to this island, it is nearly two miles in circumference, and almost entirely covered with primeval forests in whose shady depths one would never think that such a natural wonder was so near at hand, so silent and undisturbed is everything around. To preserve the natural scenery is the great aim of

the Commission having charge of the State Reservation. Always

650 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

at this season of the year, as you will notice, the whole island is covered with a carpet of beautiful flowers. You know the river

has a number of interesting islands in it. There is Grass Island,

for instance, a small one at the head of the rapids, which at high water is completely submerged, and below which it is foolhardy to venture. From that point to the brink of the falls here, the

water seethes and roars among the rocks and over lesser cataracts, some of them twenty feet high. Yet, down this boiling, foaming

torrent, men have ventured and landed in safety here at the head of Goat Island.

Years ago the boys of a small village, a short distance back from the river, used to go in swimming at a place not a quarter of a mile above the cataract; they would be carried, of course, down

stream with the raging current, but would with considerable skill stop themselves by getting into the foot of an eddy, which would carry them up stream again. Venturesome boys!

"Up the river is Fort Erie, which in early days was a place of no little importance, as it was the scene of one of the hardest fought battles of the war of 1812. The remains of the old fort

are still to be traced out with tolerable accuracy among the rank grass and debris covering the ground.

"Farther down on the other side of the river is the village of

La Salle, so named because of its being the place from which that intrepid missionary and explorer set out on his voyage up the Great

Lakes. The spot is still pointed out as the identical one from

which his boat started. A little farther down, we come to the

spot where Father Hennepin, the first white man to look upon

Niagara Falls, stood when the magnificent scene burst upon his wondering vision. Below the falls, the river takes an abrupt turn

to the north, and flows through a gorge nearly two hundred feet from the top to the surface of the water. How deep it is from

the surface to the bottom of the gorge, no one has ever yet ascertained. Some say two hundred feet, others say more, but no one

can give the exact measurement. From this point where we are,

for about two miles down, the river is quite smooth, the velocity of the undercurrent having a tendency to send the surface water in a contrary direction. Here a small steamer makes regular trips

to within a short distance of the waterfall. From the deck one

THE ROAR OF THE CATARACT. 651

may obtain all the view permitted by the spray. Come let us go

down to the Suspension Bridge and the Whirlpool, and I shall explain as we proceed. At the Suspension Bridge, the undercurrent

begins to come to the surface in huge billows, as you see, that seem to struggle with each other for room in the narrow space in which they are confined, and thus continues the conflict until it reaches the Whirlpool, where it strikes a solid rock, which sets the water spinning around in everlessening circles until the center is reached. An object that may have been following these circles,

goes down at this point, only to reappear on one of the outer rings, and so it goes, till by some lucky chance it strikes the outlet and passes down the river. One very strange feature of

the Whirlpool rapids is that the water is several feet higher in the center than on either side.

"If we should continue down the river,we would pass the 'Devil's

Hole'on the way. Into this, a party of British soldiers were

driven by their French and Indian enemies. It is said that portions of broken gun cartridges can still be seen at the bottom.

The stairs leading down to this dreadful place are long since fallen to decay, and no one has the hardihood to venture in, perhaps not even his 'Satanic Majesty'himself. Farther on is the picturesque

little village of Lewiston, beyond which is a noble river, navigable to the largest crafts afloat on the Great Lakes.

"If we should pass down the river seven miles more, we would come to Old Fort Niagara guarding its mouth. About this place

there is a story which I do not think historians tell.

"During the war of 1812, salt became extremely scarce in a certain town in Canada. A party was organized to try if they

could not beg, borrow, or steal some from their American cousins.

They crossed the lake in a large, open boat, and landed at or near the fort. To the officers, they represented themselves as being

refugees from British tyranny and anxious to serve under the starry banner. The garrison being weak, these men were gladly

received, and soon made themselves familiar with the fort and its surroundings. In a short time, they were sent with their boat to

the mouth of the Genesee, where we came from, with a load of raw hides. This was the opportunity for which they had been waiting.

A few miles down the lake, a quantity of salt was stored near the 652 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

beach; and throwing the hides into the water, they loaded with

barrels of the savory substance and made for Toronto. At this

place, the leader was closeted with the Governor, to whom he doubtless disclosed the weak condition of the fort, the greater number of whose garrison were sick or wounded, because a short time after, it was surprised and its entire garrison slaughtered.

"Opposite Lewiston, on the Canadian side, are the historic heights of Queenstown, where fell General Brock, to whose memory a splendid monument has been raised. Every schoolboy knows

the story of the battle of Queenstown. How the American regulars gained the heights; how gallantly they held their position,

while the militia looked on, refusing to come to the aid of their countrymen; and how, after a desperate resistance, they were

forced to surrender and lay down their arms, and were then turne d over to the tender mercies of the Red Men with tomahawks and scalping knives.

"Not many miles from here, and farther up the river, is the field of Lundy's Lane, memorable as the scene of a desperate battle fought in the darkness of night. Some interesting relics of

this conflict were dug up a year or so since, and are now in possession of the Canadian Historical Society. Each year, on the anniversary of the battle, a meeting is held at this place, where Americans and Canadians alike unite in commemorating the event.

But we should be friends with the Canadians, since we are such close neighbors. Indeed, about one half of our boundary line is

drawn in water.

"But, sister mine, are you not wearied of my long rambling tales? Let us listen for a few moments longer to the sound of the

'Mighty Waters/ and then hunt up father and mother and on to

Buffalo and home."

A NEPHITE'S COMMANDMENTS TO HIS

THREE SONS.

BY B. H. ROBERTS.

II—SHIBLON.

No two men are alike. In all the millions of men who have

inhabited the earth,no one of them has been a duplicate of another.

Infinite variety exists among men as among blades of grass and the leaves of trees. Yet leaves of trees have much in common, so too

have blades of grass; and so too have men. There seems to be

an infinite sameness on the one hand, as there is an infinite variety on the other, and in that sameness infinite degree. It is true also

that this infinity of variety extends to the inwardness of man as well as to his mind, as outwardness—to inward temperament and

thing to remember, sinceto outward form and semblance—a good

it may help us to be more patient with each other in seeking that unity of faith and feeling that bespeaks the harmony which comes from a comprehension of the truth, and which at the same time may make us one, and will also make us free.

No two men are alike, but perhaps so far as two men may be alike in temperament, Helaman and Shiblon, the sons of the younger

Alma, were alike. Both were steady, plodding, modest, patient,

righteous men. Neither of them could have enacted the part of

the prodigal son. You could never think of either of them spending an inheritance in riotous living, and afterwards feeding on

husks with swine. Theirs were the dispositions that would lead

them to stay at home with the father, though one could never think 654 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of them as complaining at a feast being given to the prodigal, when he returned from his wanderings and folly to his father's house.

Blest, indeed are those "whose blood and judgment are so well commingled."

These men being much alike, it is not to be matter for wonder that the "commandments"of their father Alma were similar in each case; except, that as upon the elder son was

to devolve the future responsibility of the presidency of the

Church and charge of the sacred records, the instructions to him were more elaborate than to Shiblon. In his commandments to Shiblon, however, Alma began at the same point at

which he commenced his instructions to Helaman: "My son, give

ear to my words; * * * inasmuch as ye shall keep the commandments of God ye shall prosper in the land; and inasmuch as

ye will not keep the commandments of God, ye shall be cast off from his presence."And what better beginning can be made than

in admonishing a good man tothis, in any kind of a case—either

persevere in welldoing, warning a wicked man of the future, or persuading a sinner to turn from the evil,and live in the pleasant pastures of righteousness? The remarks imply faith in God; and faith in

God and in the results growing out of -obedience or disobedience to him, must ever be the foundation of all righteousness, the starting point of all moral reforms, the proper beginning of all admonitions, and all preachments, hence, Alma, the servant of God, skillful in ministering the word, began with that statement of fundamental law.

And now more especially as to this young man Shiblon, what of him?

Such as he, are the joy of parents. From his youth had he

served God; steady, faithful, earnest; no vanity, no folly had marred his career. He was doubtless such a son as every mother

would wish her son to be; and that every father would point to as

an example for his own son to follow. Such youths make the

Samuels, Nathaniels, the Johns, the Nephis; and, coming to

modern days, the Hyrums and Don Carlos Smiths, the Edward Partindeed, in whom is no guile! These be theridges—Israelites,

prayers avail much; who move the powersrighteous ones—whose

of heaven to action for themselves and for their friends, because

A NEPHITE'S COMMANDMENTS TO HIS THREE SONS. 655

the powers of heaven are controlled and handled upon the principles of righteousness, and only upon the principles of righteousness and by righteous men. These are the salt of the earth, and render,

in a quiet way, more service to mankind than the world takes note the righteous men!of—blessed be men—good But do good men need commandments—do Shiblons require

instructions—admonitions—warnings? Ah, yes; and never yet was

man so righteous that'Jie did not need warning. Sometimes they

stand most in need of it. They are as those possessing rich treaslose treasure may be stolen, hence the them—theirures—they may

need of more care; for where much is possessed, much may be lost;

and when a righteous man forsaketh his righteousness, how great indeed is the loss not only to him but to the world! And, moreover, and strange as it may seem, even goodness hath its vices,

and they are, too, among the worst of vices. Self righteousness,

begetting the airsniffing "I-amholier-thanthou"mein; and "I-

thankthee-that-I-amnot-asthis-publican"quality. This, and that

which is akin to it, the spirit of narrowness, of intolerance, which so frequently attends on goodness, until sweet charity and broad human sympathies are shut out of its associations—these are the

vices of goodness. These, and one other danger, stood in the way

of Shiblon. That other was the danger which early piety stands

in of lapsing ere the close of a life's work. Men of this type, not

infrequently, weary in welldoing; and, after maintaining their

righteousness through the 'morning hours of life, atilast give way to temptation, and downward go

Like lauwine loosen'd from the mountain's belt.

Shiblon had been steady and faithful through the early years of his life; he had been diligent and patient and longsuffering

throughout the trying mission to the Zoramites; and though he was

stoned and put in bonds for the word's sake, still he murmured not, but endured all patiently, for God was with him.

lapse from Yet stood he in the danger I have remarked—a

his early righteousness, else why this admonition of the old Nephite prophet, his father, Alma?

For as you have commenced in your youth, to look to the Lord your 656 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

God, even so I hope that you will continue in keeping his commandments;

for blessed is he that endureth to the end.

That he stood in danger of the pride which comes from a consciousness of personal of the bigotry, intolergoodness—in danger

ance and overbearing spirit that are so frequently the defects of consciously good people, let the further admonition of Alma witness:

See that ye are not lifted up unto pride; yea, see that ye do not

boast in your own wisdom, nor of your much strength; use boldness, but

not overbearance; and also see that ye bridle your passions, that ye may

be filled with love; see that ye refrain from idleness. Do not pray as

the Zoramites do, for ye have seen that they pray to be heard of men, and to be praised for their wisdom. Do not say, God, I thank thee

that we are better than our brethren; but rather say, Lord, forgive

me my unworthiness, and remember my brethren in mercy; yea acknowledge your own unworthiness before God at all times. * * * Now

1 My son,go, my son, and teach the word unto this people. Be sober.

farewell.

I depend upon this passage bearing me out in what I have written concerning the dangers in which conscious goodness stands.

There is still more to be learned in the "commandments"of

Alma to Shiblon. Something which discloses the strength of

the righteous, the source of their power; a source, alas! too frequently overlooked by them, by all of us, in fact; by those of us

who still hunger and thirst after righteousness, as well as those who have attained unto it. What I mean is disclosed in these

words of Alma:

I know thou wast in bonds; yea, and I also knew that thou wast

stoned for the word's sake; and that thou didst bear all things with

patience, because the Lord was with thee. * * * And now my son,

Shiblon, I would that ye should remember that inasmuch as ye shall put your trust in God even so much ye shall be delivered out of your trials, and your troubles, and your afflictions, and ye shall be lifted up at the last day.

And again, in Alma's own experience:

Now, my son, I would not that ye should think that I know these things of myself, but it is the Spirit of God which is in me, which maketh

A NEPHITE'S COMMANDMENTS TO HIS THREE SONS. 657

these things known unto me; for it I had not been born of God, I should

not have known these things. * * * And now, my son, I have told

you this that ye may learn wisdom, that ye may learn of me that there is no other way or means whereby man can be saved, only in and through

Christ. Behold he is the life and the light of the world. Behold, he is

the word of truth and righteousness.

is of God. It And here is the strength of the righteous—it

is of his grace and his mercy. It comes of being born of God.

Man is not sufficient to the attainment of righteousness by his own unaided power. It is vain for philosophers to say to us, "Tis

in ourselves that we are thus or thus. Our bodies] are gardens to which our wills are the gardeners; so that, if we will plant

* * *nettles, or sow lettuce; set hyssop and weed up thyme—

why, the power and corrigible authority of this lies in our wills."

The righteous man knows better. He has won his fight for the

triumph of goodness in his own soul, by the grace of God, by the help of God, and not alone. True, there must be a conjunction of

the will of man with the grace of God; there must be strivings

for the right, and resistance of evil; there must be the hungering

and thirsting after righteousness; an exercise of man's free agency

as to which he will choose, the good or the evil; but the agency

attain to the heights of godlyused, and the choice being made—to

righteousness, there must be the help of God, the grace of God, the power of God. 1 r

And this, as I read the words of Alma, is what the Nephite father would have his son recognize—the necessity for trust in

God; the necessity of dependence on the grace of God. And this,

I understand to be the spirit of the teaching of the Book of Mormon:

I give unto men weaknesses that they may be humble; and my grace

is sufficient for all men that will humble themselves before me; for if

they will humble themselves before me, and have faith in me, then will I make weak things become strong unto them. Behold, I will show the Gen.

tiles their weakness, and will show unto them that faith, hope and charof all righteousness.ity, bringeth unto me—the fountain

BUSINESS TRAINING.

BY D. E. DAVIS.

[D. E. Davis, a resident of Box Elder County, is a graduate this year

of the Commercial Class, Brigham Young Academy, Provo, and was the class speaker. The following extract, "loaded with ideas,"is taken from

his address which was courteously submitted to the Era by Dr. Geo. H.

Brimhall. Editors.]

Starting out in life is more dangerous than going to war; more

hazardous than taking a trip to Klondike. Greater responsibility

than this no man has ever assumed. The trio of a successful life is

character, energy, and education. Surely, a noble father or a wise

mother could not have neglected these three helpful and indispensable accomplishments that are needed to give success to their son or daughter.

The world, it is said, is always looking for men who are not for sale; men who are honest, sound from core to circumference,

true to the heart's core; men whose consciences are as steady as

the needle to the pole; men who will stand for the right, if the

heavens totter and the earth reels; men who neither flag nor flinch;

men who can have courage without shouting for it, men in whom the courage of everlasting life runs still, deep, and strong; men

who know their message and tell it; men who know their places

and fill them; men who know their own business and attend to it;

men who will not lie, shirk, nor dodge; men who are not too lazy to

work nor too proud to be poor; men who are willing to eat what

they have earned, and wear what they have paid for; men who are

not afraid to say "No"with emphasis, and who are not ashamed to say "I can't afford it."

BUSINESS TRAINING. 659

The sea of life is safe to travel on if the pilot of your boat knows the dangerous places and how to avoid them. Without such

pilotage, the trip is a dangerous one. Don't take the chances of

being wrecked by failing to secure the services of that skilled and reliable pilot, Business Education. You need not wait for something to turn up, for something will turn up if you throw aside

chance and luck, and depend upon your own exertions. The main

point is to get up the steam of energy and application, and then, with Business Education at the helm, you will steer clear of the many dangers that obstruct the current, and safely land in the harbor of success.

Too many students spoil a lifetime by not having patience and perseverance. They take up a business course and pursue it until

they see about one half of its mysteries; then they get the idea that

the world needs their services so badly that they must leave school and go to work, or else they get discouraged and tired of study and quit school. The truth of the matter is, the world does not

need your help at all, unless you are thoroughly competent to do the work it has to do. Do not be in a hurry. You would better

stay in school, and in the background a few months longer; yea,

even a few years longer, if necessary, and be recognized for some special qualifications when you get out, than to get out too soon to make a failure of life just because you have learned nothing to a finish.

An opportunity to better one's condition in life is like the nugget of gold that lies hidden in the ground. It may turn up at

any moment, but in order to secure it, you must be on the ground ready to seize it. There will always be high, honorable, and lucrative positions for those who are qualified to fill them, but the

world is getting more exacting every day, and is demanding higher qualifications. The highest success can be reached only by those

who demonstrate that they can do, in the best way, the work that the world wants done. Education prepares one to grasp the

opportunity, and the opportunity well improved leads to success.

Like time and tide that wait for no man, opportunity does not wait on preparation. To secure the golden prize, you must be ready to

grasp it when it passes your way. Places that are so acceptably

filled today, by those who deserved success by the hard work they 660 IMPROVEMEN1 ERA.

did to attain it, may, tomorrow, be vacant, and those best qualified to fill the places will be called to the front. Never, in the history

of civilization, were there better facilities for obtaining a preparation for the work of life than today, and never were the rewards greater. It is just as true, too, that never were the punishments

of ignorance so severe as at the present time, when ignorance must compete with machinery. Educated and welltrained minds

will get the remunerative work, while ignorance will serve to add to the great army of tramps. Opportunity offers the choice of

two roads for the youth of this land to take, one is ignorance, which leads to failure, and the other is education, which leads to success.

A moment's reflection shows that deficiencies in business training are responsible for a great many financial failures. Many

a fortune has been lost just because its possessor knew nothing of business. It is a good sign when university professors begin to

realize that a business training is among the necessities of a popular education. There is a time coming when each of us must live

upon the memories of the past, but that time is not present.

There is a time in every person's life when he must depend upon others; then there comes another time, and that is when they

are expected to "start out on their own hook."You cannot always

stay at home with father and mother, and it is not well that you should do so. They will not always be with you, and when they

are gone, you will have to get out into the world and depend upon self. Why not get this preparation before they leave you? Every

person should consider himself under the guardianship of his parents until he reaches the age of maturity, but during this time he has two duties to perform, one to assist his parents, the other to educate himself by acquiring practical and useful knowledge. The

parents'duty lies in helping him to do this in a most satisfactory manner.

It will be noticed that a business education embraces those branches of an education that have a direct application to the practical affairs of life. The utility of a good, practical, legible

handwriting is conceded by all. In almost every business and

professional office, shorthand and typewriting are in demand. Improved and upto-date methods of bookkeeping are demanded by

BUSINESS TRAINING. 661

this pushing, practical age. As a greater part of the business is

transacted by correspondence, this branch of a business education has assumed great prominence, and is now considered indispensable.

THE SCOFIELD MINE DISASTER.

Near twice one hundred forms are, one by one,

In terror taken from untimely tombs;

On Scofield's turf, beneath a blazing sun,

Lie Scofield's dead near Scofield's weeping homes!

Where but a moment since, peace reigned supreme,

And only May Day quiet could be found,

Now groans are heard, and wives and mothers scream,

As black and mangled bodies strew the ground!

There, side by side, in death's unyielding grasp,

Lie blackened, charred remains of miners brave;

Sons, fathers, husbands shared one mighty clasp;

Passed to death's vale in one black, yawning grave!

Our Father, thou who doest all things well,

Look down in mercy on those shattered homes!

Send sunshine there, and do their sorrow quell,

Until the day of resurrection comes.

For those departed ones we breathe a prayer;

Take them to thee, on that eternal shore;

They've gone ahead—and we shall meet them there;

They are not dead, but only "gone before."

Charles C. Bush.

Honolulu, June 1, 1900.

SALVATION DIVERSIFIED.

BY ELDER HENRY W. NAISBITT.

Salvation is a broad word, it covers a great deal of ground;

it may mean one thing today and another tomorrow; it changes

according to conditions, and varies often in the experience of one individual.

It means one thing to the babe, and another to the young man; and to the man in years, it enshrines more than in his giddy

days of inexperience.

Attention is salvation to the child; bread is salvation to the

hungry; shelter, to the perishing; work, to the unemployed; knowledge, to the ignorant; relief, to the poor; and clothing, to the

naked.

Some men need to be saved from themselves, some from associations, others from special temptation, and a few from their socalled friends.

Philanthropic effort seeks to save, temperance organizations wish to save, men found libraries, build model lodging houses, establish infirmaries, erect asylums, found almshouses and poor houses, all for salvatory purposes.

Others erect schools, endow colleges, project universities, and all educational appliances; when "the schoolmaster is abroad,"

it is to save men through the intellect, and redeem men through the brain.

Some found reformatories, the law builds prisons, temperance men decry public houses, and the teetotalers would deliver men from temptation and themselves, by abolishing the liquor traffic.

SALVATION DIVERSIFIED. 663

Every lookeron has his hobby, every worker his policy, every dreamer his panacea for "all the ills that flesh is heir to."

Some are frantic for salvation by legislation; others think cooperation is "the thing;"a few believe that unrestrained liberty

would work redemption; the politician has his scheme, the socialist

his, the philosopher his, reformers of every grade have theirs, and some, like Satan, would insist on giving salvation whether a man thought he needed it or not.

The infidel, the agnostic, as well as the moralist and religionist think something is wroiig, that "the times are out of joint,"that everything is and will be a failure except their own special and peculiar prescription; Aa, however, is healing to the body and

politic as to the individual, if only experiment were allowed.

That all these things have some potency, there can be no doubt; but if there is one certain, reliable, universal panacea, it

is either undiscovered of men or unaccepted, so a recipe is as valueless to a sick man, as is theory to a race in death; and

strangely enough, few of these selfappointed physicians trust their own remedies in individual sickness, which only proves that the mass of pretenders are either charlatans or quacks.

The salvation of the Bible, of true religion, is broader than this, yet it has its method of development and its variety of expression. The Old Testament made obedience to commandment

the key to salvation as that was then understood; later, it consisted

in keeping the law, but the doctors and rabbis so burdened the law with comment and restraint that it became a burden and a failure.

The prophets in denunciatory language aimed at sin, and the query was presented by Micah, "What is required of thee, oh man, but to do justice, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy

God?"Jeremiah said to Jerusalem, "Wash thy heart that thou

mayest be saved."In the latter dispensation it was said, "Believe

on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved."Still later, it

was, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved."Then, "This

is life eternal to know God and Jesus Christ whom he hath sent,"and finally, "He that endureth to the end shall be saved."Paul said,

"By grace are ye saved, through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God."

664 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Some taught that "except a man was circumcised he could not be saved."Paul told the Romans that they were "saved by

hope,"and Peter said "as the ark saved Noah, so also doth baptism now save us,"and good authority said, "except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish,"and again Paul, writing to Timothy, said, the

Scriptures were able to make him wise unto salvation through faith in Christ.

God, in numberless places in the Old Testament, is called "the

Savior."In the New it is said, "There is none other name given

under heaven or among men whereby they can be saved, except that of Jesus Christ,"and Peter urged the repentant sinners on the day of Pentecost that they should save themselves from that untoward generation. Men have often been saviors to others, as

was Othniel when against the king of Mesopotamia; and

Elud against Egdon, king of the Moabites; and such men as Moses,

Joshua, David, Solomon, Josiah, now and then some of the Judges and Kings; and the Prophet Obediah said that the Lord should

raise up "saviors upon Mount Zion"in the latter days.

So there are varied saviors, and varied forms of salvation, such as special condition may require, and yet there is a salvation in which all the necessities of man "find ample room and verge enough,"and that is the Gospel of Jesus Christ, which is declared to be "the power of God unto salvation."In this sense the apostle

asked, "How shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation?"

Jude called it from a different standpoint the "common salvation,"which it assuredly is and was, because it can be universally applied or received. Faith in God and Christ, the Father and the Son,

finds its true relative position; repentance becomes a necessity

and an enjoyment; baptism is accepted as an ordinance of God;

the laying on of hands is beyond exclusion; and association with

the Church becomes a duty and a privilege. "Hope maketh not

ashamed,"privilege brings blessing; blessing, enlargement; and

progress, peace. This, therefore, circumscribes, absorbs, unites,

all these diversified features and phases of intelligent, righteous faith and true religion. Love to God and man kindles in the heart

renewed trust, and so men know that they have passed from death to life.

In this great Gospel, all things meet; from it, all things

SALVATION DIVERSIFIED. 665

diverge. It is the Gospel of God and Christ; the latter by virtue

of his calling is said to be the "author"thereof, as he is the "captain of our salvation,""of which salvation the prophets have enquired."

It is systematized truth, established ordinance, efficient organization, authoritative divine science of eternal priesthood—the

life: all other salvations "pale their ineffectual fires"in the light

of this. All other saviors are but auxiliaries and coworkers with

this great High Priest of our profession; all other authority is

subordinate, and it alone will accomplish the end whereunto it was sent.

This has come to earth in our day by the power and the will of God, through his anointed servant and prophet, Joseph Smith, scholar as the world hath it,an insignificant ploughboy—not a

but of appointment in the heavens. He opened "the dispensation

of the fullness of times."He held the authority of God to organize and establish the Church of Jesus Christ in its fullness and

plenitude of power. His life's work is the miracle of our age; its

success baffles every opponent; its methods surprise a sleepy world

it is going forth conquering and to conquer, and all the powers of heaven are pledged to its ultimate triumph and success.

"And I,"said Jesus the Christ, "If I be lifted up, will draw all men unto me."Eternity may be required to do this, but "the

dream is certain and the interpretation thereof is sure."

THE SPEAKERS'CONTEST,

THE ADDRESSES WHICH WON THE FIRST AND THE

SECOND PLACE.

[One of the features of the June, 1900, conference of the Mutual

Improvement Associations was the closing meeting, in the Assembly

Hall, of the Speakers'Contest of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion, as described by Superintendent Richard R, Lyman, in the Era for May. There were

five speakers and subjects: Walter J. Sloan, "Thou Shalt Not;"Mark

C. Brown, "Joseph Smith, His Mission and Persecution;"Alma 0. Taylor,

"The First Vision;"Thomas J. Howells, "The Expulsion From Missouri;"

Carl Hjalmar Carlquist, "The Philosophy of Trial."

The judges on thought and composition were Dr. James E. Talmage,

Professor N. L. Nelson, and Elder Edward H. Anderson. As judges on

delivery were Bishop Orson F. Whitney, Dr. George H. Brimhall and

Elder B. H. Roberts. The following efforts were awarded the first and

second prizes respectively; the first being a gold medal presented by the

Deseret News, and the second, three beautifully bound volumes of the

Era, given by the General Board, Y. M. M. I. A.

President Joseph F. Smith presided, and in a well chosen speech presented the medal, which was won by Walter J. Sloan as per combined

decision of the judges; while the presentation of the second prize, won

by Mark C. Brown, was happily made by Apostle Heber J. Grant. We take

pleasure in presenting the winning orations to our readers. Editors.]

"THOU SHALT NOT."

BY WALTER J. SLOAN.

The thoughts which T shall utter are the result of some study as to the causes which have led to most, if not all, the persecutions

THE SPEAKERS'CONTEST. 667

that have been heaped upon the former as well as the Latterday

Saints.

Four thousand years ago, God thundered from the summit of

Sinai, ten great commandments. Since that eventful day in the

world's history, each has been broken time and time again, yet the breaking of none has caused so much sorrow and suffering, misery and death, as the breaking of the ninth, "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor."

The world's tragedy, enacted on the summit of Calvary, was but the effect of a cause which had preceded it. The breaking of

the sixth commandment had been preceded by the breaking of the ninth commandment. Let your minds go back to the scene which

was enacted in the judgment hall of Pilate, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. Seated upon his throne, with his purple robes about

his form, is the Roman governor; before him, stands the man who,

but a few hours earlier, had been dragged from his agonizing prayer in Gethsemane; to the right and left, stand Rome's

hirelings; close to the throne, stands the band of priests, elders,

and scribes, every feature of their vicious faces showing the hatred which they bear towards their intended victim. Only one thought

seems to control their actions: "Away with him. Let his blood be

upon us and upon our children."The background of the judgment

hall is filled with a hating, howling mob, crying, "Crucify him!

Crucify him!"presenting in their action, a picture of hate and

murderous intent such as the world has rarely seen. Pilate finds

no fault. The testimony is not strong enough to convict. Are,

then, the priests, elders and people to be denied the blood of their intended victim? No; for "at last came two false witnesses."It

would be unjust to say that Pilate knew that the testimony was false, yet upon it, he sentenced the Perfect Man to death upon the cross. The Son of God was crucified on Calvary. He was convicted before Pilate. He was convicted by liars. He was murdered

by haters. The breaking of the sixth commandment on Calvary's

hill was not a greater crime than was the breaking of the ninth* in the judgment hall of Pilate.

The Savior was crucified through the breaking of it; Peter

and John were imprisoned by the same means, as were Paul and

Silas; the stoning to death of Stephen was but an effect from the

668 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

same cause; Peter was crucified, head downward; Paul was beheaded; all the horrors of the early Christian persecutions were

but the outcome of the testimony of false witnesses. Read the

story of the Inquistion; of the massacre of St. Bartholomew; of the

religious persecution in Germany and England; nay, read the story

of religious persecutions throughout the world for the past nineteen centuries, and then tell me if you know of any other commandment, the breaking of which has had as farreaching effect as has the breaking of the ninth. Time forbids a detailed account

of all the horrors committed in the name of religion, but in nearly every case, the cause was the same as that which drove the Man of Sorrow from the judgment hall of Pilate to the hill of Calvary.

No sooner did Joseph Smith, the boyprophet of the nineteenth century, tell of the heavenly visit which he had received, than false witnesses arose. Read the story of his mobdriven life, from the

age of fourteen until his cold body lay against the stone wall of

Carthage jail. Read the history of the Latterday Saints from

Kirtland to Jackson County, to Nauvoo, to Far West, to the valleys of the Rockies; the story of Johnston's army and the Utah

penitentiary, and then tell me what was the cause of all the robbing, driving, imprisonments, beatings, mobbings and murders which have been committeed in the name of religion and justice, if it did not arise from the testimony of false witnesses?

Let any elder of The Church who has filled a mission to any nation of the earth, tell you of his trials and persecutions, and you ask him the cause. I think that he will answer with me that it was

brought about through the testimony of false witnesses.

The history of the world's great crimes may be written in two sentences: The breaking of the ninth commandment, the cause;

stealing, mobbing and murdering, the effect.

Few people, if any, in the world's history, have suffered so much from the breaking of this commandment as have the Latterday Saints, yet sometimes I wonder if many have not forgotten the cause of their persecutions, of most of their sorrow and sufferings?

if some of them have not forgotten that the God who gave them existence has said, "Thou shalt not?"if many of them have not

forgotten that good (though homely it may be,) maxim of The

Church, "Mind your own business?"

THE SPEAKERS'CONTEST. 669

The lowest, most contemptible and cowardly creature is the character assassin, for his work is usually done in such a way that his victim has no chance for defense. The thief and the murderer

are oftimes brave in comparison, for "none but cowards lie."No

person can have the right to break the ninth commandment any more than he can have the right to break the sixth or seventh.

If, to the breaking of the ninth commandment, you can plead "not guilty,"for you have injured no man with false testimony, then all praise to you for keeping free from this sin. But characters may be ruined without a direct lie, by inuendo, a false impression, by a half truth and half insinuation. "A lie that is half

a truth, is the blackest lie of all."Such actions always have

weight with those who wish to believe evil. A word, a look, a

sigh, then, metaphorically, like the Arab, you fold your tent and silently steal away; Mark Anthonylike, your actions seem to say,

"Now let it work; mischief, thou art afoot. Take thou what course

thou wilt.""When we say of people what we will not say to them,

we are either cowards or liars."

You tell me that man is the architect of his own career, that if he has broken the law, he must pay the penalty. I grant your

charge. But his actions do not license you to add greater crimes

to his credit. I deny any man the right to sit in judgment upon

the actions of his neighbor, unless he has been injured; yes, even

then, I deny him the right to judgment. "Judge not, lest ye be

judged.""Forgive one another, even as God, for Christ's sake,

has forgiven you."If you pray to God to forgive you of your sins,

and refuse to forgive your fellowman, I deny you the right to utter the Lord's prayer, "Forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors."

Note the first thought which the Prince of Peace uttered after the prayer, "For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your Heavenly Father will also forgive you: but if ye forgive not men their trespasses,

neither will your Father forgive your trespasses."Before you refuse to forgive, I ask you to remember the last great prayer,

"Father, forgive them, for thev know not what they do;"forgetting not the words of life and beauty, "Blessed are the merciful,

for they shall obtain mercy."

Humanity is frail enough; the faults and wrongs which we

have and commit are numerous enough, without any adding thereto.

670 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

What joy or satisfaction does it give to tell the faults of another?

God has not appointed us to tell the failings of our neighbors, to make their failings known to the world. Would it not be nearer

our religion and our Prince to hide the faults, and to try and lead the erring one from the errors of his way? remembering that

"The words of the talebearer are as wounds."

Let me make a plea for the erring soul. Fathers, mothers,

you who know the faults of your neighbor's son, or the indiscreet herald them, think how youracts of his daughter—before you

story would sound, if it were directed against your own loved ones, and how you would feel if the story told should blight the fair name of your child, and cast a stigma upon yourself. You

who have children whom you love with your heart's strong beating, what would be your feeling if it were your child of whom some one had spoken ill?

If you are first to see a fault,

Be not the first to make it known.

Hide rather than expose a fault, for there are times when silence is better than the truth. The first Napoleon had, as one of

his mottoes, "I command, or I am silent."Can we not take for a

motto, "I speak good of others, or I am silent."

Young man, you who have a mother and sisters, ere you speak ill, true or false, against the mother or sister of another, let me ask you to think how your words would sound spoken against those dear ones whom you love, remembering that to the true man, the character of a woman is ever sacred; no matter what she is or may

have been, you do but lower yourself to speak ill of her. To the

young woman who is given to this fault of evil speaking, I can only say, "Thou art thy sex's own worst enemy. Thou hast less

charity towards thy sex than has man."

We are human, weak and frail. Paullike, "The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak."How willing, how weak, only the struggling, fighting soul knows. The greatest battles of life are those

fought in silence. Be he what he may or where he may, away

down deep in every heart lies the wish to lead a higher, a better, a nobler life; yet how hard it is to overcome evil, to leave forever

the fleshpots of Egypt? Yet, how much easier would be our fight

THE SPEAKERS'CONTEST. 671

if there were only a helping hand, a smile or a word of encouragement! Would it not be better for the young man or woman whom

you see going wrong, if, instead of telling others of the wrong, you were to go to him or her with love and kindness and try to help them to a higher and better life; a pound of help is better

than a ton of advice; an ounce of kindness, better than a carload

of faultfinding. "There is an infinite satisfaction in receiving the

gifts of God, but the privilege of becoming the means through which he will bestow light and blessings upon others, is the greatest privilege bestowed upon man.""There is no beautifier of the

form, complexion and manner, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us."I cannot think that we would defame the character of our brother wilfully; I cannot think that we would injure, by talebearing, with malicious intent; but rather, I try to

think that we do not know the "why's and wherefore's"for every false step that he may have made. It is not given to us to know

his trials and temptations. If we understood his heart's motives,

we would be less ready to find fault, more ready to help.

For we judge each other harshly,

Knowing not life's hidden force;

Knowing not the stream of action

Is less turbid at its source.

Seeing not amid the evil All the golden grains of good;

Oh, we'd love each other better,

If we only understood.

I plead for the erring, struggling, misunderstood soul; that

with love and kindness it shall be led, not driven, to a higher, a better, a nobler life.

God gave ten commandments. They are as binding today as

they ever were. Where is the Latterday Saint that would make

unto himself any graven image? Where is the one who would

worship any other God? They are not Sabbathbreakers; they are

not profaners; they are not thieves; the teaching of the seventh

commandment is sacred to them; the murderer is unknown among

them. All of these commandments have they kept from their

youth up; but do they break the ninth commandment? Do they

672 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

bear false witness? You ask me if I place the bearing of false

witness upon the same level of crime as the breaking of the sixth seventh, eighth or tenth commandment? And why not? God

made no distinction when he gave them. He prefaced each with

"Thou shalt not."I know of but one distinction made in Holy

first great comWrit—that which was made by the Christ. "The

mandment is this: Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy

might, mind and strength. And the second is like unto it: Thou

shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."Who is thy neighbor? Read

the parable of the good Samaritan. Do I love my neighbor as myself, when with words I rob him of his honor, of his good name?

You remember the words which the Bard of Avon has put into the mouth of Iago?

Good name in man and woman, dear my lord,

Is the immediate jewel of their souls:

Who steals my purse, steals trash; 't is something, nothing;

'T was mine, 't is his, and has been slave to thousands;

But he that filches from me my good name,

Robs me of that which not enriches him

And makes me poor indeed.

"The crown and glory of life is character."Wealth nor talent should be so priceless. Fame is ofttimes but a dream; wealth

but a will-o'-thewisp.

Death robs you of your loved ones, and sorrow fills the heart;

friends prove false, and regret floods the soul; wealth vanishes and

leaves poverty; take away religion and the bright star of hope is

gone; health goes, the vengeance of a violated law of nature remains. Wealth may be regained, health may return, other loved

ones fill the aching void, new friends take the place of those lost, the star of hope may once more shine; but take away honor, and

you leave nothing but desolation, heartaches and misery! The sun

of life is set; darkness alone remains. You have stolen that which

can never be returned. And as surely as God lives, you shall pay

the penalty of that theft. The laws of the land may fail to reach

you in this life, but the laws of God will reach you in eternity.

You have broken a commandment and the penalty shall be paid.

The breaking of the ninth commandment has ever been folTHE SPEAKERS'CONTEST. 673

lowed by suffering, misery and death. The partial breaking of jit,

by disgrace and dishonor. "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall

obtain mercy.""Forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors."

"Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.""Thou shalt not bear

false witness against thy neighbor."Such are the commandments

of our God. Can we, will we, do we follow them?

JOSEPH SMITH—HIS MISSION AND PERSECUTION.

BY MARK C. BROWN.

And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell upon the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is

come; and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and

the fountains of waters.

It was thus ordained and established in the heavens, that the

Gospel of Christ, which, through the formality, the idolatry, and the transgressions of mankind, had been taken from the earth, was again to be restored in its fullness. The Giver of all good,

again took compassion upon fallen humanity. An angel of light

waved aloft the scepter of love, of charity, and of forgiveness, and through the instrumentality of the boyprophet, the gates of heaven were opened; the glory and power of God were again exhibited; the plan of salvation and everlasting life, was once more

made manifest; and the Priesthood of God was given to man, never

to be taken away.

But pause while reason and imagination vainly attempt to fathom the supernatural mysteries of this divine proclamation!

Darkness, delusion, and ungodliness, had reigned supreme for centuries. The beacon light of truth had been extinguished

by the abominable practice of sham worship and idolatry, and the

Great Master, in the anger of his soul, uttered in lamenting tones of sorrow, "They draw near to me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me. They teach for doctrine, the command674 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ments of men, having the form of godliness, butf they deny the power thereof."False pride and bigotry intoxicated the unscrupulous mind to the egotistical idea that direction from the Great

Parent was unnecessary in such an age of intellectual development and progress. The declining barbarisms of wichcraft and superstition still bade defiance to the enunciation of any unpopular proclamation.

0, where is he who is endowed with the capabilities of receiving and carrying into execution such an omnipotent charge as the bringing forth, in such an untimely epoch, a message of truth, upon the success of which depends the fate of salvation of past millions, and millions yet unborn? Frail humanity would boastfully point to

the learned doctors of logic and divinity. The unenlightened eye

of mortality would confidently search among the influential despots of Alexandrian skill, and there expect to find an unrivaled champion who alone is equal to the task of ushering in a charge of such grave import and responsibility.

But nay, "God hath chosen the weak things of the earth to confound the things which are mighty."Formerly, when the world

was to be redeemed from the cursed bonds of eternal death, there came forth a lowly Nazarine from Judea, who conquered by a warfare more divine, triumphed by a conquest more supreme and celestial.

This established precedent called from the ranks of poverty and obscurity the unlearned and unpretentious Joseph Smith, an unknown lad of fourteen years, yet intrusted with the mission, the extended import of which is beyond the realm of human conception.

Of humble birth; reared in a locality whose primitive customs were

undisturbed by the dazzling influence of modern etiquette and society; intimidated by the tender years of undeveloped boyhood;

handicapped by his lack of celebrity and reputation, and possessing a lowly social station, yet he came forth boldly, and in the simplicity of his noble heart proclaimed the divine truths revealed by the Great Master of fallen humanity.

The glad tidings of joy were greeted with responsive welcome in the yearning hearts of many, but the fierce multitude of opposition made the latterday prophet the victim of inhuman and merciless persecution. From the hour he proclaimed his divine mission,

THE SPEAKERS'CONTEST. 675

he became the target of scandalous abuse and hireling cruelty.

His motives were misconstrued; his deeds were misrepresented,

and he was spurned as an imposter by the impious professors of divinity. Why did they not, as becometh their profession, take

him by the hand and lead him back to the strait gate and the narrow path which leadeth unto everlasting life?

Ah, he was encircled by a mysterious influence hitherto unmet in the ecclesiastical researches of the day. His was an uncommon doctrine, he was an uncommon man, and with his penetrating argument, aided by divine power, he unmasked the inconsistencies of unauthorized worship, and left the superstructure a helpless mass of ruin and abomination.

His truth was too authentic to meet with the sanction of the learned ministers who "preached for hire, and devined for money,n

For this reason, they became his avowed enemies. They conspired

to thwart the progress of his purpose, and when they reached the bounds of human decency, they instituted heinous persecution, of such base and ignoble character that hardhearted heathendom would have blushed for shame, if her historic pages had furnished a parallel example.

The last October sun of 1838, shed welcome rays of quiet upon a peaceful "Mormon"village in Missouri. The bounteous harvest

of the verdant fields waved to and fro at twilight in the cool and refreshing autumnal breeze. The doors of the rude logcabins

remained unlocked, and the guards had retired from their watch with little fear of impending woe.

But alas! envious sectarianism had decreed to annihilate its

progressive rivals. Governor Boggs issued an order for the "extermination"of the "Mormons"from the "free republic"of Missouri, and before the shades of night settled on that peaceful village, its streets were filled with the blaspheming clamor of a malicious mob, enthused with the desire and power of carrying the decree into execution. The Prophet of the Saints and their leaders

were seized and confined as prisoners of war. The citizens were

commanded to surrender their arms, and when the command was obeyed, rapine and plunder deprived the unprotected Saints of their household comforts and necessities.

The Prophet Joseph was courtmartialed and sentenced to be 676 IMPR0VEMEN1 ERA.

shot at 8 o'clock the next morning. His family and friends were

to witness the vile deed, and brute force rendered resistance impossible. The hours of the night were spent in witnessing agonizing scenes, and when the morning came, the violence of the mob

renewed its raging fury. A second courtmartial decided to carry

the prisoners back to Jackson County, deeming a more public execution better suited to satisfy their murderous desire.

Before starting on this fateful journey, the innocent Prophet was led, by a strong guard, to bid his defenseless family a last farewell. His heart was filled with overflowing grief, and as he

neared the threshold of his humble dwelling, he heard the bitter sobs of crushing sorrow from the broken hearts of his destitute kindred. The door was opened, and as he embraced his griefstricken

wife, their weeping children clung to the garments of their condemned sire, but were ruthlessly separated by the merciless hand of a soldier. The Prophet requested the privilege of a private interview with his unconsolable family. The request was scornfully

denied, and he was torn from the embrace of his loved ones, and hurriedly marched off to join the profane mob on their way to

Jackson County.

Other leaders were treated in the same inhuman manner, and their suffering was his suffering. Their bodies were weighted down

with galling chains, and during this tedious travel, they were subjected to unrelenting torture and blasphemous threats. In the

presence of these shackeled heroes, their victors boasted of the murder and robbery they had committed among the "Mormon"element, and how they had shot and dashed out the brains of defenseless men, women, and children.

The journey was at an end, and in the meantime, the penalty had been moderated; instead of a public execution, the prisoners

were taken by a jeering crowd and dragged off to Liberty jail, where they remained for six long months, and where persecution was administered worthy of a Tower or a Bastile, but unfit to be called the product of enlightened civilization.

The name of Joseph Smith was heralded throughout the civilized world, but the prevarications of churlish priests attached to it a stigma which signalized the Prophet as an ambitious impostor, and common enemy of all secular creeds.

THE SPEAKERS'CONTEST. 677

Words are inadequate to portray the mental and physical torture of which he was the unfortunate recipient. His people were

berated and persecuted with Neronian cruelty, and he was the one to whom they looked for protection. He was their leader, their

Prophet, and the expounder of the principles for which they gave their possessions and their lifeblood.

Yet, he had done everything which could have been done to allay the rising torrent of opposition. He had been patient beyond

human endurance. His people had been outraged and murdered in

the face of civil law which offered no protection or remuneration.

And when he appealed to the chief magistrate of the republic for redress in hehalf of his fellows, that chief of executive power uttered in solemn words, "Your cause is just, but government can do nothing for you."! land of religious liberty, whose laws of justice

stand as a light to all nations, seal the pages which record that ignoble answer, lest future generations disown the legacy of their inheritance!

The dark ages had passed, but in the heart of advanced civilization there yet lingered a trace of the characteristic traits of that preceding epoch. An innocent and harmless Prophet was driven

from city to city; arraigned before a court of justice fortyseven

times during the short life of thirtyeight years. Thrice was he

sentenced to be shot for refusing to recant and deny the divinity of his mission, yet his faith and determination increased as tribulation came upon him. He was the hero of the cause which he had

espoused, and willingly endured the brunt of the persecution in order that his people might survive and prosper, notwithstanding the sweltering heat of opposition which was heaped upon them.

But the end was not far distant. The grim and guarded walls

of Carthage jail were destined to surround a prisoner who was to sacrifice his innocent blood to quench the desire of a fiendish mob of assassins, and hither went the meek and lowly Prophet, "as a lamb to the slaughter,"and died that his cause might live.

He who had spent his life as a benefactor to mankind; he who

had accomplished a work unsurpassed since the crucifixion, now gave his precious blood to seal his testimony to the divinity of the command with which he had been entrusted. Stricken down as a

martyr, ere he saw the yoke of bondage removed from his faithful 678 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

comrades, he died in the bloom of manhood, an innocent victim to the scoffing powers of Satan. Yet in the words of the martyred hero,

"No unhallowed hand can stop the work from progressing; persecution may rage; mobs may combine; armies may assemble;

calumny may defame, but the truth of God will go forth boldly, nobly, and independent, till it has penetrated every continent; visited every clime; swept every country and sounded in every ear;

till the purposes of God shall be accomplished and the great

Jehovah shall say 'the work is done.'

UTAH, STAR OF THE WEST.

Lo, a beautiful star in the west shineth bright,

Its beams, so effulgent, now spreadeth in glory!

To brighten and gladden the world with its light;

And its destiny grand is the theme of my story.

Chorus: long may it shine, with a splendor divine,

And shed forth its beams with a glory benign,

That its people, through honor and virtue, may bring

Salvation to those who will serve the Great King!

As an emblem of peace to America's land,

As a beacon of hope to this great spreading nation,

As a power for the right lo, its sons nobly stand!

And proclaim to the world the great light of salvation.

Annie G. Lauritzen.

Richfield, Utah.

LETTERS FROM MISSIONARIES.

THE WAY CLEARED.

For God speaketh once, yea twice, yet man perceiveth it not. In

a dream, in a vision of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon man, in slumberings upon the bed;

Then he openeth the ear? of men, and sealeth their instruction.

Job. 33: 1416.

Nearly every missionary of The Church can testify of instances in which the Lord has prepared the way to warn the people. I

give one of my experiences in this regard. It is only one among

many others.

During the fall of 1898, while laboring in Harrogate, York,

England, my companion and I had difficulty in getting a foothold.

Time and time again, we tried to reach the aristocracy as well as the poorer classes, but they all seemed to have no desires to cast aside their vanity and listen to the servants of the

Lord. In the midst of these discouragements, we were very earnest in our pleadings for heavenly aid. One night, before retiring,

we pleaded with the Lord to make known unto us some honest souls who might listen to our message. That same night "in a

dream or vision of the night,"I beheld myself walking to my tracting field, when a voice seemed to say to me: "Take that narrow path, and it will lead you to a small house by the side of the

railroad."I obeyed and gained admittance into a signalman's

cabin. He seemed to welcome me, and from my conversation with

him, learned he was a religiousminded man, having studied the claims of many sects, but embraced none, as he had found none right. I received the impression that he had plenty of time to

680 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

read our literature and converse; that while it was not the custom

of the company to allow visitors at a signal office, yet I would be allowed. All this I learned in my dream.

Next day, on my way to distribute tracts, for the first time I noticed a footpath, similar to that of my dream. I could see no

little house, but, taking the path for four or five hundred yards, I beheld a small signalcabin in a ravine, built by the railroad company. A signboard in front of me read about as follows: Any

one found trespassing along this track, and at the signalman's cabin, will be prosecuted and fined not less than ten pounds and not more than forty pounds. By order "

The notice in my dream was to go into the cabin, so over the fence I went, and to the shanty. There I explained to the signalman my mission, and in a two or three hours'conversation with

him, found that he was seeking to know the truth, having read the claims of many faiths, joining none, as he had not yet found the truth. He had abundance of time to read and converse between

trains. In the next two or three months, I visited often, leaving

him Church literature and conversing on our most holy faith. The

signalcabin was the restingplace of track repairers, inspectors and railway employees in general. Sometimes the cabin was

crowded with people and nearly every time, a few called in. With

these workmen, and the signalman and his wife, I had many talks on the Gospel and loaned books, gave away tracts, and was invited into a few of the homes of the people. In this way, my prayer

was answered, my dream fulfilled to the smallest particular, and time may tell the amount of good done by the Lord opening up the way to that little signal station.

James W. Lesueur.

Guernsey, England.

WHO WILL JOIN IN THIS CAUSE?

The world is in a woeful condition. Yes, but does it help

matters any to know that? Not in the least, unless we find the

LETTERS FROM MISSIONARIES. 681

remedy. A fool might perceive that a man was sick, but it would

take a wise man to point out the remedy. The true philosophy

and cure for all the world's ills is embraced in one sentence of the sayings of that greatest of all philosophers, Jesus of Nazareth:

"As ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise."If we had faith enough in God, mankind and ourselves to

practice that "perfect law of liberty,"all our land would soon be a peaceful, smiling Eden. That law can be lived, and nothing short

of it practiced will ever let us realize the full meaning of life.

Living the selfish lives that we do, deprives us of more than half the joys of life. Do good for the sake of good, and not for outward show or praise of man. A man's life consists not in the

abundance of earthly things which he possesses. To lay up gold

and silver is not the object of life. The houses and lands we

possess, the food we eat and clothing we wear are merely the means to an end. We eat to live; what do we live for? In order

for us to realize the full import of life, we must be educated to look upon each other as the children of a common Father, placed on earth for a wise and glorious purpose—the development of our

souls; and here we are laying the foundation of the life that

is to be, fitting and preparing ourselves for a greater life of progression throughout the endless ages of eternity. Now, who

will be home missionaries in this cause of humanity? Who will

become Latterday Saints indeed, and join in the great work of regeneration which this people are engaged in?

J. L. Workman.

Virgin, Utah.

THE FIRST VISION.

AN ADDRESS DELIVERED AT THE SPEAKERS'CONTEST,

Y. M. M. I. A., SALT LAKE STAKE OF ZION.

BY ALMA 0. TAYLOR.

In order to appreciate the force of the light of a Gospel dispensation, it is necessary to understand a little, at least, regarding the spiritual condition of men before the bursting forth of that light. Therefore, I desire, in a few words, to give an idea of

the religious condition of mankind at the opening of the Dispensation of the Fullness of Times.

In searching the sacred and profane history of the world, we discover the fact that the period when human sacrifices were offered to Roman gods, and the laws of morality were buried beneath the debris of Pagan licentiousness and sin, is the only time when the inhabitants of the earth were in greater spiritual darkness than they were during the eight hundred years previous to the spring of 1820.

That period when the great Catholic Christendom smiled upon the atrocious deeds of the Spanish Inquisition; that time when the

state religion of England became so oppressive that the Puritans and Quakers were forced to leave their native land in quest of new homes where they could exercise religious freedom; those

early days of the nineteenth century when religious revivals and

Christian discord were raging in America; all these, do but show

how in the long years of human wandering, the principles of perTHE FIRST VISION. 683

suasion, brotherly love, and liberty, taught by the Savior, had been changed into the low doctrines of compulsion, strife, and serfdom.

From the abundance of the heart the mouths of men ceased to speak. And the great Judge who had been merciful, until men

showed by their acts that they preferred darkness rather than light, called home his ministers of salvation, and shut the doors of heaven against the appeals of mocking lips which came from hypocritical hearts. Not led by the "pillar of cloud by day"nor the

"pillar of fire by night;"without the ministration of angels or the

voice of the Good Shepherd, the souls of men wandered, unnourished, in a world of wickedness and sin. For centuries, men were

left alone with the testimony of the scriptures, which they trampled under their feet in favor of doctrines as far from truth as the worshiping of idols or the divinizing of planets.

During this period of time, rulers, by force, gained power which made them intolerent and cruel; nations rose and crumbled;

generation after generation passed away; discoveries were made

and inventions wrought, important to their age; new theories in

the known sciences were advanced; new ideas of God were formed;

and the ways to salvation became as numerous as the dispositions of men.

It was in the midst of this confusion of religious thought that the light of a new dispensation burst forth; that the silence

of heaven was broken; and the veil covering the true Gospel, was

torn away.

Those immortal words of James, "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him,"had appealed with great force to

the young mind of Joseph Smith; so great, indeed, that his faith

was implicit in the promise thus made. With all confidence he

sought, in humble prayer, the God of ancient Israel to reveal to him, where, in all this chaos of religious strife, he could find the truth. He hoped for truth, he longed for truth, but the cries "lo

here is truth, and lo there is truth,"had so confused his young mind, that he decided to appeal to his God who knoweth all things, that he might gain the wisdom which he then lacked. Never

before had he poured out his soul in vocal prayer, but so earnest were his desires that he sought the solitude of the woods, where 684 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the voices of nature joined in beautiful harmony, as his petitions ascended to God.

Consider for a moment the grandeur of the scene.

History records how kings and emperors live in courts and palaces, surrounded by all the luxuries which their vast resources afford; how justice has stepped forth to check the progress of

tyranny and crime; how single men have stirred the hearts of

nations to war or peace; and how the strong arms of victorious

soldiers have swept away the rule of oppression, and established the freedom assured by the flag of liberty. But the beauty of the

imagination of all these scenes, is lost in the conception of that lovely spring morning when the Savior gave instruction to the unlearned boy in the woods of Manchester.

The sun shone clear and bright, and the birds sang as though inspired to use the full sweetness of their voices. The crowning

branches of the gigantic oaks, swaying lightly in the gentle breeze, nodded nature's welcome to the heavenly vision, while the grass, still wet with the dews of night, bowed in reverence to the sacred scene. In the midst of this picture which nature had created, a

boy of fifteen years, knelt in humble devotion, praying in tones which indicated the earnestness of his soul. His face was raised

toward heaven, and upon his countenance there was reflected the brightness of the vision which his eyes beheld. He was not

arrayed in purple robes nor clothed in garments of scarlet, but clad in the daily apparel of a common farmer boy. The simplicity

of his raiment and the humility of his spirit, as he bowed in the midst of the woods in prayer to God, brings before us that period in the life of John the Baptist which was spent in the mountains of Judah, where he became familiar with all the changeful aspects of oriental nature, and still more in the high converse of his soul with God, in the reading of his word and in prayer. The altar

before which he knelt was not amid the burning tapers of a great cathedral, but in the grove, "God's first temples."He knocked,

and the portals of heaven were opened; he sought, and the Father

and Son were revealed to him; he asked, and the heavenly messengers answered.

What rapture must have filled his bosom when he saw the heavenly personages, and heard the voice of the Father say,

THE FIRST VISION. 685

"Joseph, this is my Beloved Son, hear him!"With what force

must the teachings of the Savior have impressed themselves upon his mind, and after the vision had passed, what comfort must there have been in the words which promised that the true and everlasting Gospel would be revealed to him at a later time. But he need

no longer have any doubt in his mind regarding the spiritual condition of men, for the God of heaven had now said that all creeds were an abomination in his sight, that they had a form of godliness but denied the power thereof.

The manifestation passed, and Joseph was left alone amid the dense shades of the forest. Had he fallen asleep and been dreaming, or was it possible that what he had seen was indeed real?

The world answer these questions by saying he was mad, dishonest, deluded or insane. But like Paul of old, who proclaimed

in the face of scorn, derision, and mockery, that he had seen a vision, Joseph Smith denied not the truth of his revelation, though it cost him the friendship of many dear to his heart.

Despised and shunned, Joseph was left alone, an outcast to all but his father's family. With regret for lost companions bringing sorrow to his heart, but with the glorious hope in the

promise of the Savior giving joy to his soul, he spent the next three years of his life in serious reflection. Then another light

appeared, another voice from heaven spoke, and his young heart was encouraged by the instruction of the angel Moroni who came as a heavenly teacher to an earthly youth. These visitations when

announced likewise called forth the ridicule of men.

So long had the heavens been closed, so long had they been as brass above the heads of men, so long had the human race groped in darkness, that well might they exclaim, insanity, delusion, when once the light was restored. Well might the Christian

world mourn the fact that such a chosen spirit did not come and sanction one, if not all, of the religious dogmas of the age; and to

justify themselves in rejecting his testimony, they cry insanity, delusion. No more sane was Enoch who looked upon the face of

the Lord for a period of one hundred and twenty years; no more

sane was Abraham when the Father appeared unto him and gave promise concerning his posterity; no more sane was Moses when

he turned aside to examine the burning bush and talked with God, than was Joseph Smith when he conversed with the Lord in this 686 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

age. No more real was the angel with whom Jacob wrestled for

an entire night, than was the angel of these times unto the Prophet

Joseph Smith. No more beautiful were the words which introduced the Savior to John the Baptist, on the banks of the Jordan

near Bethabara, than were the words of the Father which introduced the Son in this century, in the woods near Manchester.

The fact that Joseph, though persecuted until death, held fast to his testimony, gives greater light and increased force to his wondrous vision.

Although it came to an unlearned boy living in obscurity, yet the force of its light puzzles the intelligence of the wise, attracts the attention of the student, and is gradually becoming a theme which places in the hearts of earth's great men, thoughts upon which their souls delight to brood.

To the minister, it had the force of the cyclone, which swept away his doctrine of revelation to him no longer being necessary, and started the structure of belief in a God with body, parts and passions. It placed a stumbling block in the path to impede the

progress of Satan, and so well did the evil one understand the strength of this new antagonist, that he tried his utmost to destroy Joseph Smith, whom God had called to build the fortress of righteousness, and to throw up the earthworks of love. But the

window of the ark had been opened, and the dove sent forth where it found lodgment in the hearts of men. The brightness of its

light dazzled the eyes of the simple follower; it gave food to the

skeptic; it became a more valuable study to the scientist than the

mere disciple; and as the gentle rains of April give beauty and

freshness to the new life of spring, so the vision of the boy

Prophet gave glory to the birth of a new dispensation of truth.

Upon the dark sea there fell a light of hope, which the hearts of honest men recognized as a means to help them reach the distant harbor, from which they had been driven by the storms of unbelief.

A new star appeared in the heavens, which was to guide all who chose to follow toward the home of the risen Lord. The vision was

indeed the earthquake which dried up the rivers of unbelief, which started the fountains of truth, and which shook the mountain, from whose side the little stone rolled forth to accomplish its destiny of filling the whole earth with the Gospel of purity,

STRATFORDON-AVON,

BY ELDER C. G. BERRY, ENGLISH MISSIONARY.

In the latter part of January last, a visit to Birmingham was privileged me, and during my stay of ten days an excellent opportunity presented itself to visit Stratfordon-Avon, of which, in company with President Hindley of the London conference, I took advantage.

Stratford is a quiet and retiring country district of Warwickshire, a distance of some thirty odd miles from Birmingham, but just far enough to separate it nicely from the noise and bustle of the murmuring multitude in the large cities, yet not too far to inconvenience its people from independently making a journey to the city whenever occasion may demand. We departed from Birmingham on an early train, and were not many minutes in leaving the

smoky atmosphere, which hung like a cloud immediately over the city, at our backs. Fortunately nature had favored us with a delightfully clear day, the air being mild and tranquil, and as we

hurried through the green meadows, farms, fields, etc., separated

into individual sections by thick, neatlytrimmed hedges, or an occasional mosscovered, rustic fence, we saw the farmer plowing the soil, each furrow a quarter of a mile long and straight as an arrow, making ready for the approaching spring's sowing. I may add that

it is the pride and ambition of the English plowman to plow a furrow, no matter how long, without introducing the slightest curve.

On one occasion we observed four handsome shire horses, the first or rear of which was attached to the plough, the second, third, and fourth alternately ahead, each proudly pursuing the furrow previously thrown up, and the soil so light that the task was no greater 688 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

apparently than any one of the animals might have accomplished.

Our ride for a part of the way, was in view of the beautiful blue river Avon which coursed its way through the wide, fertile valley, while the soft intervening landscape lies practically intertimes sparkling among clusterschained within its silver links—at

of willows, which occasionally bathe their drooping heads into its clear bosom, and then hiding itself entirely beneath its mossy banks, or among groves of lofty elms vastly populated with feathered songsters. Indeed, nature seemed to have especially provided a superior,

mixed chorus for this occasion. The Misses Goldfinch and the

Thrush family furnished the sopranos and altos; a flock of handsome

black birds, comprised the tenors, while the cuckoo formed the bassos. They sang their own peculiar compositions, in a style

most befitting to their environments, and every now and again, gushes of warbling melodies burst forth with an intensity fit to split their little throats, while the air fairly rang with bird harmony.

Of course, English scenery, at this season, was not costumed in its rich emerald green that would bedeck it two months later, as the trees were yet naked and leafless, although the grass carpeted the rolling hills. Meadows, etc., always green and picturesque,

accompanied by the sudden change of the temperature, refreshened the air and idealized the whole landscape. However, after

the lapse of a little time, we found ourselves in the village of the immortal Shakespeare, and, naturally, the first visit of interest was the little structure whose thatched roof sheltered the bard when he was first permitted to behold the light of a world of unrivaled fame which awaited him.

It is a small, stablelike little edifice, and would likely hold a rather uninviting aspect for the general passerby, only from the fact that it is in very truth a "resting place of genius."Strange

that genius of such endowments "delight in hatching its offspring"it was in the case ofin some bycorner or some secluded hut—such

Shakespeare. Upon entering the first room, our notice is attracted

to an inglenook, just room enough for two, one on either side of the spit upon which the hams were smoked for family use. There

we actually seated ourselves in the same favorite armchair that often gave comfort to the youthful poet, as we can imagine him, as

STRA TFORDON-A VON 689

he sits drinking in every word "with a greedy ear,"and listening to the diverse opinions of neighbors who may, perchance, assemble for the purpose of discussing the affairs of the town, and the nation, which at that time afforded the most popular means of obtaining news, for they had not the perfectness of the printing press by which the daily proceedings might be circulated, nor yet the convenience of the telegraph. No doubt, the foundation was then laid

of his natural tendency to a broadminded view of life.

From this we pass into an adjoining room known as the "birth room,"or "museum,"where many interesting relics are stored, too numerous to count, that were personally connected with the poet.

If memory serves me well, there are three rooms, and one attic, in all, the floors of which are composed of large, flat tilings of sand stone, partly crumbled from age.

The low ceilings, not more than seven feet high, and the partly decayed walls throughout all of these chambers, were so occupied with names and inscriptions of enthusiasts of all nations that scarcely the space of half an inch could be found wherein we might add our own little signatures.

Among the many that we observed were those of Lord Byron,

Sir Walter Scott, Robert Burns, Washington Irving and David Garrick. But those mentioned had a few years prior been singled out

and almost obliterated by an envious female caretaker, who wilfully did so under a fit of jealousy, for which act she was immediately after expelled.

From Shakespeare's home, we rambled through a few green fields and hedgerows, following a narrow footpath for a mile and a quarter, being slightly interrupted occasionally by having to climb over a stile that had been placed in the rustic fence for the sole benefit of the pedestrians, the terminus of which brought us to the Hathaway cottage, the sacred abode and birthplace of Ann

Hathaway, where she resided when first her virtues and charms attracted the poet, notwithstanding she was eight years his senior.

This little home is entirely enveloped in a complete net of running ivy that wends its way from the foundation to the edge of its thatched roof, and is thickly interlaced with the fragrant yellowflowered jasmine, the evergreen rosemary, and plants of rue.

Mrs. Mary Baker, a descendant of the Hathaways, devoted the prin690 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

cipal part of her life from year to year receiving visitors to the cottage. She passed away, however, in 1898, at the age of eightysix, leaving her daughterin-law to succeed her, who received us

very courteously at her door, and spared neither time nor pains in making us acquainted with events connected with the cottage and its many sacred relics. Among the many that would tend to create

inspiring thoughts in the mind of the appreciative observer, was a dryrotted old bench that had stood stationary near the cozy fireplace for more than three centuries. I took especial interest in

this old standby, probably from the fact that according to tradition, it was upon it where cupid tied the knot between the poet and his lady love. Had I been able to give the old relic a tongue,

what inspiring love tales it might have related, and no doubt it would have confided all in me, since I took so much interest in its once exalted station.

We saw the oldfashioned, but wellpreserved, bedstead where the lucky charmer slept during her earlier years, also the little

Bible which records the date of her birth.

After supping a draft of clear water, drawn from the old well near by, we thanked the little caretaker, paid her the regular fee of six pence, and resumed our way to the next place of interest which was found in the old Trinity Church, about threefourths of a mile distant from the last named abode. In traveling from place

to place, the eye meets with many other cottages with similar architectural embellishments to those already mentioned, the age of which alone would make them admirable, but nothing seems to impress the observer very deeply that he doesn't know to have some connection with Shakspeare.

Almost before the mind's eye was prepared for the next feast, we found ourselves within the shades of the old place of worship, within the enclosure of which are interred the remains of the bard and his family, aside from the nobility and gentry. It is situated

near the banks of the "Soft flowing Avon"whose silvery waters pursue the even tenor of its course, year after year, as calmly and peacefully as though they were conscious of their sacred situation.

The tomb of the poet is directly in front of the altar, and that of his wife, near by. A large flat stone marks their separate graves

with their names and dates of demise inscribed upon them. The

STRATFORDON-AVON. 691

following verse of four lines is also inscribed upon that the grave of the poet; said to have been composed by himself:

Good friend, for Jesus'sake, forbear

To dig the dust enclosed here;

Blessed be he who spares these stones,

Cursed be he who mars my bones.

This was not an unheeded warning, and has proved to have the desired effect, since it was contemplated, at one time, to remove his remains from the place of his birth to the Westminster Abbey, in London, where those of a great many English men and women of rank are interred; but, under the malediction of such condemnation,

it was finally presumed well to leave them unmolested, and it sufficed to erect a monument in the Abbey to his memory.

The tomb of Anne Hathaway Shakespeare bears the following inscription:

HERE LIETH INTERRED THE BODY OF

ANNE.

WIFE OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, WHO DEPARTED THIS LIFE THE SIXTH DAY OF AVGV, 1623

BEING OF THE AGE OF 67.

Another feature of interest is a beautifully stained glass window upon either side of the church, given by the appreciative

Americans, as a result of subscriptions from them, amounting to six thousand dollars, and which are known as the "American windows."One represents the "seven ages of man,"very artistically

personified by Moses, Samuel, Jacob, Joshua, Solomon, Abraham and Isaac; while the other, which is yet unfinished, will represent

some startling events in the story of the new world under the headings, "The Landing of Columbus,""The Pilgrim Fathers,""The

Declaration of Independence,"etc.

Many of the pews within the church are very aged, substantially built of English oak, and bear record of the lewd, licentious indulgences of priests and monks of bygone days. Low, disgraceful figures, some originally from ancient mythology, are neatly and.

692 IMPR0VEMEN1 ERA.

carefully carved, in relief, upon the backs of the seats, portraying subjects so disgusting that many have recently been obliterated under compulsory acts of the municipal government.

From the church, we visited the old grammar school where the poet received the greater part of his schooling, many of the tables and benches of which are still there, bearing pocketknife inscriptions of long ago. He entered this school at the early age

of seven, and was compelled to leave at the age of thirteen. His

father, being but a poor woolcomber, could not afford to give his promising son William further schooling.

Adjoining the school room, is another room, of equal size,known as the Guild Hall, where the bard first witnessed an acted play, in company with his father, but where he afterwards became quite distinguished playing women's parts in the frequent theatricals given there. From thence, we went to the "Harvard House,"another

piece of quaint architecture of the Elizabethan age, built in 1569, for Thomas Rogers, where his daughter, Catherine, resided until she became the wife of Robert Harvard, and the mother of John

Harvard, who afterwards emigrated to America and founded the

Harvard University, near Boston.

As the day had gradually worn away, and the sun had long since hid its rays beneath the western horizon, we were necessitated to bring our visit to a conclusion.

The appreciation shown to Stratfordon-Avon by the Americans greatly supercedes that of any other nation. Only a few

years ago, Shakespeare's home was about to undergo a change from the owner then, to an American, the latter intending to transfer it over the water to America, and there erect it for exhibition, when some British subject suddenly awoke and avoided the sale.

In 1887, Mr. Childs of Philadelphia, erected the "American Fountain"to the memory of the poet, a handsome structure serving the

purpose of a clock which chimes the Stratford quarters.

Well may the world cherish the renown of, and posterity feel grateful to, the memory of Shakespeare, for his images of wisdom and jewels of thought which find such easy expression in his golden verses of English.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

THE ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF THE IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS.

The annual conference of the Improvement Associations of

Zion, which began on the 10th day of June, the date twentyfive years ago when the first association was organized, was a refreshing feast to the workers in the cause. President Joseph F. Smith,

who attended and presided over all the general conjoint meetings and the officers'meetings of the young men, in his opening remarks on Sunday, referred, with regret, to the illness which prevented

President Lorenzo Snow from attending, and asked that the prayers of the youDg people might be uttered for his speedy recovery, as had been done in the opening prayer by Elder J. Golden KimballSpeaking of the auxilliary organizations of The Church, he

impressed the audience with the truth that the work of the Mutual

Improvement Associations is of paramount importance, dealing, as it does, with men and women who are in the critical period when the character is developed.

He pointed out a doctrinal truth that should be repeated and deeply impressed upon all young Latterday Saints. It is this,

that we are required and it is necessary not only to do good, but to do so in the way that God has commanded, and with willing minds and hearts. He deprecated the feeling which seemed to be

growing among the young that the religions handed down by learned men are just as good as the revealed religion of the Latter-day Saints. That there is good in all religions, he readily

694 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

granted, but he impressed the fact that, aside from the Priesthood of The Church, all men act without authority, and hence are not doing good in the Lord's way. All the good done where authority

exists is done according to God's command, and hence is accepted of him; for God requires the heart and the willing mind and heart,

and that we yield everything for the truth, in the way he desires it performed. Jesus impressed the needed lesson, when, in the

agony of the garden, he exclaimed, "0 my Father, * not as I will, but as thou wilt."

This feeling of implicit obedience to the will of the Father, in the way he has appointed, is the distinguishing feature between the true Church of Christ and the churches of the world. It is

said that order is the first law of heaven, but before order is obedience, for that brings order. Obedience is so important that

even the son of God was strictly obedient to his Father in the smallest matter as well as in affairs of greater moment. Even in

baptism he rendered obedience, to fulfill the law of the Father.

Let the associations impress this lesson, so that the youth of Zion may not be so blind that they can not see the difference between our religion and the religions of the world.

Another important teaching was dwelt upon in the officers'meeting on Tuesday. It was that The Church does not sanction

its members to affiliate with secret orders. It is of farreaching

import, and affects many young men in The Church. There were

several hundred leading young men present, representatives from thirtynine out of fortytwo Stakes of Zion, and they unanimously accepted the counsel of The Church on this subject of secret associations. In reply to a question, President Smith stated that

no young man should hereafter be selected to fill any position in the Improvement Associations, who was a member of any secret society. The spirit of these societies is contrary to the genius of the

Gospel, and no Latterday Saint should partake of it. Their

requirements are such that they fetter the liberty of those who join. They require the person's heart and soul first in their interest, and gradually lead him, tied hand and foot, from the ranks of

the Saints. The Lord requires that the Kingdom of God and his

righteousness shall be uppermost with his people, whereas, to the member of secret associations, the obligations of the order are

EDITORS TABLE. 695

paramount. It was therefore counseled that the bonds between

members of The Church and the secret organizations be honorably broken, and that hereafter all Church members avoid joining them.

Among the matters of business which came up for consideration, were the secretary's reports from which it appears that we have 544 associations with a membership of 28,747. There

were $1878.92 collected on the Improvement Fund, an increase of

$33.61 over last year. Out of the amount, $1596.79 had been

expended in the cause of the associations for secretary's services, railroad fares, postage, printing, etc. The Improvement Era was

discussed, and general satisfaction was expressed with our magazine which has come out of its third volume, its critical year, with the colors of success raised high, especially when it is remembered that nearly two thousand missionaries have been supplied with the volume with only a few hundred dollars in aid from other sources. The officers were urged to renewed effort, in its behalf,

for the coming year, and it will be the aim to make the Era more useful and more interesting than ever before.

An important step in advance, voted upon by the conference, was the decision to grade the associations where conditions will warrant. It was decided that the officers should consider their

duty to the associations over which they preside, first, among the calls of the auxiliary organizations, and that when ward officers are selected the stake superintendency should be consulted. Vital

instructions were given upon "How to Improve Class Work."

"Missionary Work,"and "Preparation for the Opening of the Season."Other topics treated were "The Permanency of the Associations,""Duties of Secretaries,""Improvement Fund,"etc.,

much of which it is intended shall be embodied in a circular of instruction to the officers.

A rich social treat was the reception tendered by the general boards to the stake officers, and which was held on Tuesday evening, at the home of Mrs. A. W. McCune. The decorations, refreshments, music, dancing, and above all, the free sociability and fraternal feeling, were all that could be desired, and were greatly

enjoyed by the hundreds who were privileged to attend.

Now may God grant that all who took part in this conference 696 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

may instill its spirit of progress into all the associations of The

Church, and labor to enlist the mass of young people in the living and active interest of mutual improvement, and in The Church and cause of God. The progress of the next quarter century, in great

measure, devolves upon present workers. The possibilities are

grand; what shall be the result? That is for them to answer.

THE ONLY SURVIVING SON OP SIDNEY RIGDON.

Among the recent visitors to Salt Lake City, not one has attracted more interest, from early members of The Church, than

John W. Rigdon of New York City, the only surviving son of Sidney

Rigdon who was one of the early workers in the cause of God, and once the first counselor to the Prophet Joseph. Patriarch John

Smith and John W. Rigdon were school companions in Nauvoo, and

Mr. Rigdon also knew President Lorenzo Snow. His object in

coming to Utah was to call upon some of his oldtime friends. On

Saturday, May 19, he visited with President Lorenzo Snow, and spent some time in the President's office. Mr. Rigdon is a pleasant

gentleman, well on in years, having been born in Mentor, Ohio, in 1830. His hair and mustache are white. He has a thin face,

a round, full voice, bright eyes, and a nervous, sensitive nature.

In manner, he is very affable; in conversation, ready and intelligent.

He stands erect, and his rather tall but thin form lends him a dignified bearing. He carried as a souvenir a cane which had been

taken from the oaken boxes in which the bodies of Joseph and

Hyrum were brought from Carthage to Nauvoo, after the martyrdom.

That Mr. Rigdon is by profession a lawyer was evidenced by

his ready logic, and the ease in which he gave expression to his sentiments. In speaking of old scenes in and about Nauvoo, he

was several times affected to tears, especially was this the case when the later lonely and brooding life of his father was referred

EDITOR'S TABLE. 697

to, and when he spoke of his own early days in Nauvoo: "In Nauvoo were the happiest days of my life,"he said. "When I went to

Pennsylvania, I was a stranger, and I became very homesick for

Nauvoo. I think the people ought never to have left Nauvoo; but

then, it was, perhaps, for the best."

On entering the President's office, President Snow introduced

Mr. Rigdon to several who were present, and in so doing called

him Brother Rigdon, which apparently intentional slip he partly corrected by remarking, "Mr. Rigdon says he is a half 'Mormon.'

To this the visitor, quickly awakening as if his whole nervous force were called upon in the effort, replied: "I am a 'Mormon'this far:

I believe in the early 'Mormonism.'I believe Joseph Smith found

the plates of that Book of Mormon, when, where and in the manner he claimed he did. I know my father never wrote the book.

He never varied in telling the story of how Joseph obtained it. He

always related it in the same way, and I believe he told the truth.

At one time,"he continued, "I had doubts about this, but I have come to know these facts, although I might not be able to prove them as I could prove some other things. When I went to father

just before his death, and told him that if he knew anything regarding the coming forth of the Book of Mormon, that had not been told, he owed it as a duty to himself and his family, to tell it, he reiterated that he had but one story to tell, and that was the story told him by the Prophet Joseph Smith, that the records from which the book was taken were engraved on gold plates. Father

then testified to me that Joseph was a prophet of God, and that an angel had handed him the plates from which was taken the Book of Mormon. I believe this testimony, although for a long time I

was skeptical about it. So far, I am a 'Mormon,'and my heart is

with your people. So was my father's; he never permitted any

man in his presence to speak disrespectfully of The Church."

Speaking of his baptism he seemed proud of having been baptized by Hyrum Smith, the patriarch, in the presence of his own father and the Prophet Joseph. ''I was sick, he said, "and I remember well how father, who was one of those positive men, came

in one morning and said, 'Well boys, you are to be baptized today/

Sick as I was, I knew it was no use resisting, and so was taken and baptized in the river. I quickly recovered thereafter."He related

698 IMPROVEMENT ERA

other interesting experiences incident to his boyhood life in The

Church which were corroborated by Patriarch Smith and deeply enjoyed by the other listeners.

Mr. Rigdon has been in Utah once before, having crossed the

plains with an ox team in 1863. He then called on President

Young, who urged him to ask his father to come and reside in Salt

Lake. He wrote his father to this effect, but the invitation was

never accepted. Mr. Rigdon has a wife, two daughters and a son.

His son, who resides in California, has visited Salt Lake City, on other occasions.

Speaking of his father, Mr. Rigdon, in a later interview affirmed

that the two points on which his father hung out were polygamy and the accession of Brigham Young to the leadership of The

Church, and although he never recovered from the humiliation, and spent the remainder of his days in silence, whenever The Church was assailed, the old fire would kindle in his eyes, he would become animated, and the assailant would soon retire a thoroughly whipped man.

PRAYERS AND WORK FOR THE DEAD.

One of the leading points in the new revelations which were received by the Prophet Joseph Smith, was the importance of the relation between the living and the dead. In the remarks of the

angel Moroni, who visited Joseph as a messenger of God, the

Prophet is taught, that before the great and dreadful day of the

Lord, Elijah "shall plant in the hearts of the children, the promises made to the fathers, and the hearts of the children shall turn to their fathers; if it were not so, the whole earth would be utterly

wasted at his coming."In a later vision beheld in the Kirtland

temple, Elijah, the prophet, stood before Joseph and Oliver Cowdery and said:

Behold, the time has fully come, which was spoken of by the mouth

EDITORS TABLE. 699

of Malachi, testifying that he (Elijah) should be sent before the great and dreadful day of the Lord come,

To turn the hearts or the fathers to the children, and the children to the fathers, lest the whole earth be smitten with a curse.

Therefore the keys of this dispensation are committed into your hands, and by this ye may know that the great and dreadful day of the

Lord is near even at the doors.

From that time on, the hearts of the Latterday Saints have been turned to their ancestors. The Lord has made plain to them

that all the departed may be saved, and that in order to make this salvation possible, it is the duty of the living to officiate in vicarious work for the dead. It is the duty of the living to be baptized

and sealed, and have other ordinances performed for the dead. For

this reason, the Saints have built temples wherever they have gone.

Temples mark their exile path across the greater part of the westKirtland and Nauvoo, temples were built andern continent—at

dedicated, and a beginning in Missouri was made at Independence where a temple site was chosen and the corner designated by the deposit of a large stone, and in Far West the foundation was prepared and the southeast corner stone laid by the Apostles in compliance with revelation—and in their mountain commonwealth

there are four of these sacred edifices upon which millions of dollars have been lavished to make them acceptable places for sacred vicarious ordinances which shall in time fully link together the past and the present, the living and the dead. No other people are so

interested in the past as the Latterday Saints, no other people have performed ceremonies which have so completely linked them with their departed loved ones, or who have gathered from the fathers that return of kind remembrance for the children, which is a source of undying inspiration to the human soul. In verity, with

them there is a connecting link, forged by prayer and sacred ordinance, which has indeed turned the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the children to the fathers. Through them the threatened

curse upon the earth will be averted.

In England, at the present time, the early Christian doctrine of prayers for the dead is being discussed in religious circles. It

has been brought forcibly to the attention of both the national and the freechurch bodies by the African war.

700 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In a recent issue of the Christian World, the following occurs:

And why should we not pray for the dead? What is prayer, in the

best conception of it, but the following of those we love with aspiration and affection, with desire for their highest good, with the whole best emotion of our soul? What barbarous infidelity has taught us that death

interposes a limit to this outgoing? The notion that those who now

rest in God are, because of that, beyond the reach or need of prayer, is heathen, and not Christian. It is disloyal at once to God, to the departed

themselves, and to our own best instincts. There is no position, not

that of heaven's central point; there is no condition, not that of supremest blessedness, that is outside the range of love. In proportion as it is

blessed, the soul, whether on earth or in heaven, is more and more open to love's approach; and both here and in heaven, it is love that is the essence of prayer

"We have neglected our dead, and in so doing have weakened one of the most intimate of our links with the unseen. We have put up in our

minds barriers that do not correspond with the reality, and so have obstructed the flow of some of the grandest of the human inspirations.

The mind revolts against these limitations. Its prophetic instinct recognizes them as a mistake.

If the people of England are really desirous of correcting their mistakes in this regard; if they desire the welfare and highest good of their dead, as well as salvation for the living, they may

learn inestimable truths, leading to these ends, from the Latterday Saints; truths which have been revealed directly from GodThis people are constantly doing work for the redemption of the

dead, and the blessing and salvation of the living; and they do it

in the right way, in the way God has commanded.

Laboring among the people of England are more than four hundred missionaries who are anxious to explain to them the true plan of redemption for the dead and salvation for the living. Let

their voices be heard, and their message be heeded. They have

the keys of this dispensation, and their warnings may be taken as signs that the day of the Lord is near at hand. Nearly two thousand such messengers are proclaiming this Gospel plan in all the

world. Let the nations give heed thereto, and live, and look to

EDITORS TABLE. 701

Zion to learn the true ways of the Lord, so that they may prepare to walk therein.

A NEW EDITION OF "SUCCESSION.

Among the books of special interest to the young men of The

Church which will issue from the press this summer, will be a second edition of Succession in the Presidency of The Church, by

Elder B. H. Roberts. The first edition of this book was published

in 1894, the object of it being to refute the false claims of the "Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."The

little work has been very successful in its mission, as the demand for a second edition, in so short a time since the first was issued, abundantly proves. The second edition will be carefully revised

and in some places enlarged by the author. The additions will consist, in the main, in a collection of evidence to the fact that the

Prophet Joseph projected the movement of The Church westward, and really organized an exploring party for the purpose of finding a suitable location for The Church. Elder Roberts has in his possession the affidavits of two of the members of that company, viz.

of Samuel W. Richard and Joseph A. Kelting, the latter not now

a member of The Church, living in San Bernardino County, California. These affidavits will, of course, be published in the forthcoming edition; and the author will also add his article, first published in the Era, "A Sufficient Answer to Josephites."This article, it will be remembered, created, at the time of its publication,

a profound impression upon all interested in the subject under discussion.

What will add an increased interest in the little work of Elder

Roberts is the fact that the Josephite Church has attempted a "Reply,"which in a series of footnotes Elder Roberts will answer, and point out the weakness and sophistry of the Josephite conten702 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tion. Speaking with Elder Roberts the other day with reference

to the forthcoming book, he incidentally called attention to the fact that a statement made by him in the first edition of "The

Succession,"to the effect that some in high standing in the "Reorganized Church"had joined in the hue and cry against the Saints in Utah, and had aided in the work of misrepresentation (Succeschallenged by the author of the Josephitesion p. Ill)—was

"Reply."He says, at page 100:

The Reorganization has, by action of the body, as well as through its committees and representatives, favored wholesome legislation against the crimes of polygamy and unlawful cohabitation; but we challenge

the proof that we have aided in the work of misrepresentation.

To this Elder Roberts is prepared to quote, in support of his statement that, "Some of our friends of high standing in the 'Reorganization'have joined in the hue and cry against the Saints of is preGod and have aided in the work of misrepresentation"—he

pared to quote the Chicago papers which reported the speech of

Joseph Smith, the president of the Reorganized Church, which he

willmade at Chicago on the 22ud of February, 1882, during—it

be remembered—the great antipolygamy crusade of that year.

The Chicago Daily InterOcean of Feb. 23, represents Joseph

Smith as having said that:

There were many men in Utah who were single because they said they had no assurance they could find for wives women who were not contaminated. They might go to the farm houses to choose wives, but

could not feel certain that some of the bishops had not been there and robbed the daughters of their virtue.

The Chicago Times'version of this part of the same speech, under the caption "A Lusty War Cry,"(issue of Feb. 23, 1882)

is as follows:

There are hundreds and thousands of Mormons in Utah who will not marry wives because they do not know where to get wives that have not been contaminated. They do not know what houses have escaped the

invasion of lecherous bishops who have robbed hundreds of women of their purity. The men cannot afford to take the risks that marriage

means.

EDITORS TABLE. 703

Armed with evidence of this character, there can be no question but that the challenge of Elder Roberts'original statement will be completely met. Indeed, it was in view of these very

attacks upon the young womanhood of Utah that the original statement was made. "Many vile and vicious things,"remarked

Elder Roberts, in conversation on the subject of this speech '"many vile and vicious things have been said of the Saints in Utah, but it was reserved for Joseph Smith, the president of the Reor- ganized Church to say at once the most untruthful, the lowest, the most contemptible, cowardly and vicious thing that ever was said of a muchmaligned and misrepresented people. And what makes

it so utterly inexcusable is the fact that the speaker knew better;

for he had been in Utah, and had been among the people sufficiently to know that no such conditions as he describes in that speech existed. It was malicious, wilful misrepresentation. He bore

false witness against his neighbors."

It is expected that the new edition of The Succession will issue from the press of George Q. Cannon & Sons in a few weeks; and

we predict for this second edition a repetition of the success which attended upon the first.

HISTORIC PARALLELS.

That July is a historic month in the life of The Church, the first article in this number of the Era will serve to remind the reader. The similarity between the story of the Pilgrims and

that of the Pioneers, developed therein by the author, Nephi

Anderson, will awaken renewed interest in this subject, among the young men, as, in the "chambers of the mountains,"they patriotically celebrate the glorious July holidays.

A parallel of equally impressive character, will be presented to our readers in the Era for August, from the pen of Major 704 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Richard W. Young, of the supreme court of Manila, Philippine

Islands. It will point out anew the great and striking parallelism

between the times, lives and missions of Jesus Christ and Joseph

Smith, the Prophet, with a view of convincing some of the more timid of the besieged young people, in the gloriously fortified city of "Mormonism,"that our defenses are sound and impregnable.

NOTES.

"His joy is not that he has got the crown. But that the power to

win the crown is his."

There are two rules which, if followed rigidly, will help any boy to succeed: the first, "Do unto others as you would that they should do

unto you;"the second, Be a gentleman.

"When I found that I was black,"said Alexander Dumas, the great

French novelist, and dramatist, who was a quadroon, "I resolved to live as if I were white, and so force men to look below my skin."The

remark should serve to spur on to accomplishment such young men as seem to have no chance.

No man deserves to be crowned with honor whose life is a failure, and he who lives only to eat and drink and accumulate money is surely not successful. The world is no better for his living in it. He never

wiped a tear from a sad face, never kindled a fire upon a frozen hearth.

There is no flesh in his heart; he worships no God but gold."Success

under Difficulties.

To him who wishes maxims for success, no writings offer richer examples than the proverbs of Solomon. If these are properly studied,

and incorporated into the life of a man, he can scarcely fail to be virtuous, industrious and godly, and to marry a woman of like qualities.

With such a foundation, there will be a happy home and successful lives.

It is often quite as necessary to use a little tact and common sense, least, the two go well together: A story is related of aas to pray—at

Cape Cod minister who, according to an old custom, was called upon in

NOTES. 705

April to make a prayer over a piece of land, just as is done in Russia.

"No,"said the minister, when shown the land, "this does not need a prayer; it needs manure."

The fear of obstacles keeps many a young man from rising in the world. Surmounting difficulties is exercise that makes men and heroes.

A writer in Success relates this anecdote: "A barefooted Scottish boy applied for work at a manufactory; he was told he must 'get shoes to wear.'

In two months he earned the shoes, and applied again; but 'he was ragged.'In six months he came well clad; but you 'must read and write.'

For fifteen months longer he studied at evening school. That boy became foreman of the establishment."

Difficulties are encountered in every vocation, and on the road to every position. Obstacles are not only inevitable, but are an essential

part of the training for success:

"My little girl, to me it seems,

You buy your berries dear, For down your hand the red blood streams,

And down your cheek there rolls a tear."

"0, yes,"said she, "but then you know,

There must be briers where blackberries grow."

Any young man who thinks that faith is a requirement of religion only, is sadly mistaken. The foundation of science is faith, also. "Faith

lies at the basis of every science,"says Frank Sargent Hoffman, a member of many learned societies and the author of The Sphere of Science.

"So far from faith commencing where science ends, 'there could no more be science without faith than there could be extension without space."

He who says of any generalization in any sphere of thought that he will not accept it as true until he is absolutely certain of it literally does not know enough to eat when he is hungry, or to drink when he is thirsty.

The conduct of an ordinary idiot would put him to the blush. As John

Locke so tersely puts it, 'He that will not stir until he infallibly knows that the business he goes about will succeed, will have little else to do but to sit still and perish.'

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

"Mister,"said the small boy to the chemist, "give me another box of them pills you sold father the day before yesterday."

"Are they doing him good?"asked the chemist, looking pleased.

"I d'no whether they're doin'father any good or not, but they're doin'me good. They just fit my new airgun."

Clara (after a tiff): "I presume you would like your ring back?"

George: "Never mind; keep it. No other girl I know could use

that ring unless she wore it on her thumb."

She: "Most people admire my mouth. Do you?"

He (absent mindedly): "I think it is simply immense!"

A man who makes a thousand dollars is happy; so is a dog that has

found a bone.

The opportunity to make fools of ourselves usually comes to us more than once—and always finds us at home.

"Punctuality, my children,"said the old man, "is the thief of time.

I have been a victim to the pernicious vice of punctuality all my life. I

must have wasted years by being up to time and having to wait for people."

Meeting Trouble.—A countrywoman set her daughter, a girl of

fifteen, to bake, while she went to a neighbor's. When she returned, she

found the oven sparkling hot, and her daughter in another apartment, in the greatest agony and tears. A sight so unexpected excited the

tenderest sympathy in the maternal bosom, and solicitude for the cause.

After much entreaty, the daughter spoke. "I was thinking, if I was

married and should have a dear child, and if it should live to run about, and I should be baking, as I am now, and I should go out for fuel, and should leave it alone, and it should take a chair and should get up to the mouth of the oven, and should crawl in and should burn itself to death, what a terrible thing it would be! Oh, oh, oh, dear what should I do?'

OUR WORK.

THE ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS.

There was a large representation at the general annual conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations of Zion, which opened on Sunday, June 10, in the Tabernacle at Salt Lake City. The conference

closed on Tuesday, 12th, two days having been spent in officers'meetings, at which important instructions to the representative workers were given by the general officers. Out of fortytwo stakes in Zion, thirtynine

were represented.

The paramount importance of the work of these associations, in the auxiliary organizations, was emphasized by President Joseph F. Smith,

and President George Q. Cannon imparted valuable instruction and encouragement to the young people.

Obedience to the Lord in the acceptable way, through the appointed authority; the necessity of doing good in the way God has commanded

and with willing hearts, which is a distinguishing characteristic of the

Church of Christ, were forcibly impressed. The desire of The Church

to free its membership from entangling association with secret organizations, was strongly taught.

The history of the improvement cause was fully set forth by speakers of both the young ladies and young men, and the story of the labors of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations in the past quarter century was fully illustrated, at the Sunday evening meeting, by Apostle

Heber J. Grant.

The business meetings were replete with valuable instructions. The

permanency of the associations, the character and duty of the officers, and the necessity.of their making the improvement work their first duty,

708 IMPROVEMEN1 ERA.

in the auxiliary organizations, was carefully impressed. It was decided

.that whenever practicable, the associations be graded, and junior and

senior classes be established; that the local missionary work be continued,

and that extra effort be made to enlist all the young people in the cause;

that the manual be early placed in the hands of the members, and a program prepared for the opening meeting in the second week of October, after due care has been taken to see that all the associations are thoroughly organized; that there be one permanent roll, to include the

whole membership, and that it be called in such a way as to suit the local conditions, the card plan being suggested in large associations; that

bishops be asked to consult with stake superintendents in the selection of suitable officers; that officers'meetings be regularly held; and that

the class work be improved by the selection of the best teachers, by grading, by converting the officers to the use of the Era, the manual, and the work of missionaries. The general missionary work was left in

the hands of the General Board, as far as calling a later convention of workers was concerned, etc. A good spirit prevailed in these meetings.

One pleasing feature of the conference was the singing which was under the able management of AssistantDirector H. S. Ensign. There

was much of it, and the quality was unsurpassed.

The closing entertainment, at the home of Mrs. A. W. McCune, given

by the General Boards to the visiting stake officers, was a social success, and sent the participants home with light hearts, determined to press onward with more energy in the great cause of mutual improvement.

Following is a synopsis of the minutes of the conference:

TABERNACLE, SUNDAY, 10 A. M.

President Joseph F. Smith called the assembly to order, and the

Sixteenth Ward choir sang the hymn on page 134, "High on the mountain tops a banner is unfurled."*

Prayer by Elder J. Golden Kimball.

Hymn, "Glorious things of thee are spoken."

President Joseph F. Smith made the opening address, He said in

part: I regret to announce that President Lorenzo Snow is not able to

be with us this morning. His name is on the program to make the

opening address of our conference, and we feel double regret at his absence; first, because we are deprived of the benefit of his counsel, and

second, because it is on account of affliction that he is not able to be with us. I sincerely hope that all here, as well as all the Saints elsewhere

OUR WORK. 709

will feel a special interest, this morning, and through the day, and offer their prayers in his behalf that he may be speedily restored from his sickness. I am pleased to see so many present, and I congratulate those

present upon their interest in the work.

I know of no branch of work in The Church, save perhaps it may be the Sunday Schools, which is of as great importance or necessity as this work in which we are engaged for the youth of Zion; and I don't

know but that it is even paramount to the Sunday Schools, for they deal with the little folks who are yet under the control of their parents, and, while this is important, it is of equal importance, if not greater, that those who are passing out of that control, should be looked after and reminded of the truths taught them in their childhood that they may become established in the Gospel.

It is essential that our young people know the truth as it has been revealed in the latter days, essential that they know the difference between the Gospel as revealed to the Prophet Joseph and that which has been followed by men for generations past.

It is not only necessary to do good, but it is necessary that we should do good in accordance with the will of the Almighty, that we keep the commandments in the spirit of the commandments. The Lord requires

the heart and the willing mind, and the rebellious and disobedient shall be cut off from his presence. It is, therefore, necessary that we should

be willing to yield up everything for truth and righteousness sake.

We should learn the great lesson which Jesus taught: "Father, not

my will, but thine, be done."

You and I came here not to do our own wills, but the will of him that sent us, and we should express in every act of our lives the words of the Savior just referred to. This is the distinctive feature between

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and the churches of the world. It is said that order is Heaven's first law. Before order can be

obtained, however, there must be obedience. Therefore obedience is one

of the primary laws of heaven. It is so necessary that even the Son of

God had to be obedient to the will of his Father in the slightest things.

Even baptism had to be obeyed by him who was without sin and it could not be passed over because it was necessary for him to "fulfill all righteousness."

These are the things we should learn ourselves and teach our young people that they may not be so blind that they cannot see the difference between the doctrines of the world and the Gospel of Christ as revealed from heaven in these days.

Sister Elmina S. Taylor, General President of the Young Ladies'

Mutual Improvement Associations, addressed the meeting. She said in

710 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

part: I am pleased to be here this morning. My heart is made glad to

see so many young people present, and I am glad to welcome you. We

have thousands of good workers scattered throughout the length and breadth of The Church, and we are glad to welcome you as their representatives who have come to receive instructions from the servants and handmaidens of the Lord. I trust that the influence of this conference

will reach to the uttermost place, wherever there is a mutual improvement worker and that we shall have a conference inspired of the Spirit of the Lord.

Elder Francis Kirkham of Utah Stake, who labored last winter as a

Mutual Improvement Association missionary in Oneida Stake, addressed the conference upon the subject of "The Mutual Improvement Association Missionary Work."He referred to his own experience as one of

great delight and profit and showed the great opportunity for good afforded in this work. The object of the labor was to arouse in the

hearts of the young men of Israel a love for the truth, and make them active workers in the cause of Christ. Much had been accomplished in

this direction, but its full fruit would be seen in the future. The possibilities were great, and if the work of the local missionaries were continued there would be raised up a mighty band of faithful workers in

The Church at home, and of missionaries who should carry the message of salvation to the nations.

A beautiful solo was then rendered by Elder John Robinson.

Sister Meda Nelson spoke on the subject "CharacterBuilding."

The Sixteenth Ward Choir sang a selection.

Sister Dora W. Pratt, President of the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations of Juarez Stake, Mexico, made a brief and

instructive address to the young people.

A telegram was read from Elder Milton H. Hardy, who was expected

to speak of "Mutual Improvement Association Reminiscences,"stating that on account of a serious accident he was unable to attend.

The choir and congregation sang the hymn "Our God we raise to thee, thanks for thy blessings free,"and benediction was pronounced by

Sister Mary A. Freeze.

SUNDAY, 2 P. M.

The Tabarnacle Choir sang the hymn on page 14, "We are not ashamed to own our Lord."

Prayer was offered by Apostle John Henry Smith.

The hymn on page 374 was sung.

Sister Maria Y. Dougall made an interesting address on the history

of Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Associations, stating that on

OUR WORK. 711

November 28, 1869, President Brigham Young called his family together in the Lion House parlor and organized his daughters into a retrenchment society, desiring that they should set an example to all the people of Zion—that they should retrench in all their extravagances—in dress

—in eating, etc. He also desired that his wives and children should have

a testimony of the truth of the Gospel, and he was anxious that they should have a meeting of their own where they could bear this testimony to one another. This idea grew, and in the following February,

similar societies were organized in several of the wards under the direction of Sisters Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. H. Young and M. Isabella Home.

In 1875, the name of "Retrenchment Society"was changed to "Mutual

Improvement Association."In 187879 organizations were formed in

the stakes with stake presidents and other officers. In 1880 a general

board was organized and Sister Elmina S. Taylor was called to preside

over the entire organization. From time to time, changes have occurred

in the work of the associations as the greater development demanded, and now the general board comprises twentytwo sisters, all actively at work in the interest of the associations.

Elder Thomas S. Ashworth sang a beautiful solo.

President George Q. Cannon addressed the conference, saying in

part: It is a very inspiring sight to look at the audience from this stand.

The organization of the sisters, which has been described this afternoon, has served a most excellent purpose in furnishing labor of an uplifting character to the sex. The men, having the priesthood, and having the authority to officiate in the offices of the priesthood and to

administer in the ordinances of The Church furnished an outlet for all the energy of the young men, but until the organization of the Young

Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations the field of the young ladies was very narrow, or many thought it was too narrow for their abilities and desires. In the organization they have been given opportunities of

doing a vast amount of good, and it has led to the selection of some to go on missions to the nations. It is to the credit of these associations

that the ideas of the people concerning the Latterday Saints have become enlarged and much prejudice has been allayed. A woman may do

many things in guiding and teaching and not transcend the bounds of propriety, and without exceeding the authority which she holds. It has

been found that in the missionary field women have been able to carry the Gospel into places where men could not go, and they have accomplished a great deal of good, and their appearance in the world has had the effect of removing many deepseated prejudices. The organization

712 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

STATISTICAL REPORT OF THE Y. M. M. L A.

MEMBERSHIP. MEETINGS.

Pi 60 60 a a. ai u br +2 +j W CD O COrrj'O

CD CD fl o PI CD x'- << to CD

1 STAKE. o a) 0)0 0<5g>o sh a 5 o DO-"* U (D *tn CD

O th DO O U Pioo h etf o P! rt CDO oa p) CD G U o

M -> oj S Fh 6 00 Pi 2uCI aa a 60 o M o CD ra S

Alberta 342 5 50 156 74 133 1 22 12

Bannock 228 91 59 121 3 22 7 Bear Lake 788 21 47 374 63 289 20 57 28

Beaver 264 15 16 124 134 81 7 20 15

Binghani.. 509 17 20 242 173 224 19 61 9

Box Elder. 1067 62 86 427 166 401 15 76 43

Cache 1626 104 95 693 879 511 72 161 29

Cassia 441 10 196 118 168 20 10 24

Davis 1009 55 115 400 180 309 10 74 20

Emery 828 289 64 210 14 45 15 Fremont.. 565 11 24 253 203 161 16 88 21

Granite 992 25 47 418 366 377 30 103 18

Jordan 847 15 55 237 302 265 52 76 33

Juab 364 13 2 197 5 107 12 20 4

Juarez 472 12 34 199 44 151 23 47 24

Kanab 349 13 37 158 41 113 20 13 12

Malad 465 27 17 232 98 179 15 37 7

Maricopa. 176 19 25 57 59 70 17 27 4

Millard.... 599 32 21 340 123 155 20 36 11

Morgan 345 14 42 183 92 161 2 48 8

Oneida 909 47 82 326 139 285 19 64 54

Pangultch.. 420 19 198 54 124 7 32 14

Parowan. 370 20 4 162 197 100 14 22 14

Pocatello. 456 15 27 218 75 216 24 50 20

St. George 830 62 64 377 192 398 50 63 25

St. Johns. 259 12 21 99 30 129 16 26 16

St. Joseph 647 36 76 282 88 213 13 54 24

Salt Lake.. 2114 98 101 886 736 757 98 253 28

San Juan. 195 75 7 61 23 13 2

San Luis.. 257 23 19 130 36 104 12 29 7

Sanpete.. 1554 42 93 1069 842 396 89 127 45

Sevier 852 35 74 301 262 220 27 80 9

Snowflake 219 7 22 105 35 129 17 18 18

Star Valley 346 16 14 170 121 135 1 29 28

Summit... 380 21 25 225 111 244 48 20 24

Tooele 544 25 60 128 45 141 14 25 3

Uintah 376 171 119 117 5 24 38

Utah 2599 763 747 790 149 249 50

Wasatch 504 8 37 189 119 183 4 34 10

Wayne 271 10 13 79 127 15 27 4

Weber 2121 88 125 738 300 526 24 164 46

Woodruff.. 248 8 4 112 85 111 12 13 4

Total, 541 28747 754 1043 1600 9692 1069 2459 827 62

OUR WORK. 713

FOR THE YEAR ENDING APRIL 30th, J900.

MissionEXiiLi art LIBRA TIN CISES. Labors.

s u a CD a to 03 to 6 CO Si toto toao a 2> toao 3 a! CO d00 to +3 3 to in g COu 00U 0 +jto b) 03u 3r s CO 3 ai. 83U3o 3& 3 oo 03 Sh3D co ft 3 to 00Q 3o ooM g3 o CO 75> 3a o <o ft O a>u to 5 Otn 3too g 03 o y toh 03 flCOo3 SoCO So 3 f*o 3 03 Pi ap3 +-* COp CO COP ic3 o tos CO3 O COas g "3 o g 3 o a o W o3to OJ&j 03 3 gCD to H > H +->O

i-3 to H

12 205 118 382 24 7 8 50 3 2 55 $ 46 05 $ 126 40 $ 104 60 $ 21 80 9 198 123 336 19 21 3 25 7 4 36 27 50 3 00 3 00 20 489 344 329 34 10 6 197 40 1 238 247 05 36 95 18 19 18 76 22 169 76 149 7 13 2 86 20 106 36 368 222 369 16 14 123 11 7 141 122 25 14 45 13 25 1 20 64 743 399 93 62 10 630 146 2 778 1033 15 263 25 203 35 59 90 23 971 1386 1377 103 88 16 827 174 5 1006 19 283 157 519 15 10 8 26 26 22 50 52 75 52 75 39 591 300 1823 71 55 9 1642 194 10 1S46 1085 30 701 40 636 15 65 25 4 312 281 455 19 23 8 301 62 1 364 414 55 19 25 14 25 5 00 12 387 546 278 53 13 6 85 27 7 119 113 62 70 36 65 15 5 21 25 565 757 1608 58 21 6 415 17 432 382 00 25 503 185 2127 24 18 5 327 17 344 365 00 16 45 11 22 5 23 6 171 98 294 6 8 3 130 52 182 96 50 30 75 30 75 34 310 528 966 29 12 5 187 39 3 229 390 00 122 05 109 45 12 60 186 97 5 15 15 15 1& 5 264 163 313 16 27 2 24 3 2 29 27 25 18 50 18 50 6 133 130 92 25 22 3 119 137 3 259 100 00 39 00 12 00 27 00> 2 255 173 657 30 25 7 113 35 1 151 115 00 2 60 1 10 1 50 7 271 153 436 33 14 6 79 8 9 96 28 00 26 00 2 00 14 600 4,79 2384 3 110 11 117 58 20 195 137 90 32 65 21 15 11 50 10 210 151 137 4 18 3 13 1 14 12 00 2 179 101 376 7 11 305 34 339 173 75 32 45 19 00 13 45 4 417 382 754 23 10 5 46 2 4 52 70 95 52 25 38 40 13 85 29 624 544 1023 132 35 9 390 113 503 540 80 177 55 141 55 36 00 10 234 131 1315 17 12 4 49 60 1 110 101 56 18 25 18 25 25 352 422 144 52 32 5 138 14 152 69 85 54 1307 660 3641 155 98 13 930 37 967 573 00 340 80 340 42 38 10 112 278 604 3 10 2 34 8 3 45 25 00 36 55 29 35 7 20 187 297 76 12 21 2 5 12 36 53 5 25 35 00 35 00 33 881 1554 3112 69 42 16 1840 368 15 2223 1724 35 362 50 348 00 14 50 37 416 202 437 19 36 9 407 265 5 677 487 00 94 35 94 35 3 198 271 576 25 7 7 37 49 6 92 30 85 56 45 46 90 9 55 5 240 267 210 39 17 5 50 3 2 63 42 50 13 00 13 00 505 1000 40 27 3 67 19 86 80 00 201 355 818 10 25 118 15 2 135 170 50 8 209 141 56 9 8 2 40 12 3 55 38 00 150 65 145 30 5 35 74 1470 1193 2077 62 120 25 1963 1256 85 3304 2087 40 917 67 641 31 276 36 18 314 321 402 18 6 5 55 112 167 38 75 37 00 1 75 194 417 545 16 4 44 15 59 38 45 23 45 20 15 3 30 46 1092 523 5156 150 88 16 1138 151 6 1295 1077 10 86 85 81 93 4 92 95 270 285 11 8 8 3 18 6 24 16 90

847 17596 15069 37364 1548 1209 262 13190 3596 251 17047 12090 83 4029 48 3355 77 673 71 714 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Association has prepared the way for this.

I consider the greatest blessing arising from the Mutual Improvement Associations is the opening up of fields for the labors of the young women.

A beautiful solo was sung by Sister Luella Ferrin of Ogden.

Elder Thomas Hull, General Secretary of Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations, then read the statistical reports of the Young

Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations,* and presented the general authorities of both organizations, which were unanimously sustained.

Sister Arvilla Clark of Provo then sang a solo.

Elder Douglas M. Todd addressed the conference on "The

Mutual Improvement Idea,"saying: The idea of Mutual Improvement

Associations has been clearly shown by the speakers who have preceded me. We are one of the helps in government. We succeed the Sunday

Schools. We take up the work of training and teaching the young people where the Sunday School tends to lay it down. We take them up at

one of the most important periods of their lives.

One of the great purposes we have in view is to keep our young people busy, avoiding the danger that exists when young men and women are not fully and capably employed in some good work. The training in

the Gospel must, for many years, be obtained, by our young people, in the Sabbath Schools and the Mutual Improvement Associations, and I need only call attention to the reports read today to show that the associations are doing their part in this training.

Elder Ray Ashworth addressed the conference upon "Mutual Improvement Association periodicals."Early in the history of Mutual Improvement Associations, the need of publications became apparent, and

in 1877 and 1878 the associations of Ogden published a little magazine called The Amateur. Later, in October, 1879, a much more important

venture was undertaken by Elder Junius F. Wells under the auspices of

the associations, and the Contributor made its appearance in the literary arena, and ran through seventeen volumes. In November 1877, the

Contributor having been discontinued for over a year, the Improvement

Era made its first appearance coming as the organ and property of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. These publications

have all been of a high class character and have been potent factors in

* The complete report of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations will be found on pages 712 and 713 in this number of Era.

OUR WORK. 715

the education of our young people, and in the development of the work of mutual improvement.

In addition to these regular publications there have been issued from time to time manuals of study for the associations which have been of great value to the young men.

Sister Belle Richards addressed the conference upon the same subject, setting forth the usefulness and good of the Young Woman's Journal, and showing what an inspiration its pages had been to many young women of Israel.

Sister Nellie T. Taylor addressed the congregation, bearing a strong

testimony to the truth of the Gospel as revealed to the Prophet Joseph

Smith, and exhorting the young people to so live that they may know for themselves the truth of the teachings they receive in their associations.

The choir sang the anthem, "Unfold, ye Portals Everlasting,"and the benediction was pronounced by Sister Minnie J. Snow.

(To be Concluded in the Era for August.)

MISSIONARY LABOR.

The Missionary Committee reported as follows to the General Board their report was accepted, and in turn presented to the officers meeting, at the general June conference. The conference referred the report to

the General Board to decide the dates, and other details as to meetings, and accepted the other recommendations:

I. A. Missionaries for 1899Dear Brethren:—Your Committee on M.

1900 herewith present their report:

Thirtyeight missionaries were set apart and appointed to labor in the various Stakes of Zion.

No body of men ever went out so well instructed. They were

called together in five days'meetings on October 12, 13, 14, 16, and 17, 1899, and every part of their work fully placed before them.

We have received reports from nearly all of these missionaries, and have considered them. The general result of their work is good, the

officers of stakes and wards being made better acquainted with the plans and ideas of the General Board and with their duties generally. The

detail work of mutual improvement has been presented before the people in better shape than ever before, and the conditions existing in the stakes have been more thoroghly presented to this committee.

716 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

As the result of our labors as your Missionary Committee we make the following suggestions for future work:

find that in all the stakes and wards the officers of Officers:—We

Mutual Improvement Associations are burdened with too many offices

That ward officers are changed too often.

That bishops select ward officers very often without any consultation with stake officers of Y. M. M. I. A., and thus many are selected who are

not always fitted for the places.

We therefore suggest that stake superintendents and presidents of associations be required to consider mutual improvement their first and paramount duty, in the auxiliary organizations; that officers be not

changed except when the good of the associations demands it; and that

the bishops be advised not to make changes without first consulting with the Stake Superintendency.

all information gained we conclude: Association Work:—From

That it is necessary to grade the associations.

That our meetings are not sufficiently attractive and therefore literary societies and other organizations are detracting from our work, and that our stake conferences should have a uniform program, exhibiting the work of the associations before the visiting brethren and the people.

Next Year's Missionary find that sending missionaries Work:—We

to instruct the stake officers has a tendency to cause the superintendents to depend too much upon the missionary to do the work which they should do themselves and we therefore suggest:

That the stake officers of Y. M. M. I. A. be called, just as the missionaries were last fall, to meet in Salt Lake City on a certain date to be

decided upon, to receive instructions from the General Board as to their duties for the ensuing year and that they, in turn, call a similar series of meetings for their ward officers to commence on a date to be decided upon, presenting the same matters to them. In addition we suggest that

ten competent brethren be selected to visit all the stakes and see that the instructions received in the above suggested meetings are being carried out.

Of course, it is understood that the local missionary work be continued.

Respectfully submitted, J. Golden Kimball,

Frank Y. Taylor,

Thomas Hull, Missionary Committee..

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL BOARD OF Y. M. M. I. A.

May 2(M: Henry Sudweeks, born in England, September 11, 1815,

who joined The Church in 1852, and came to Utah in 1853, died in Kingston, Utah. * * Stephen Kelsey, a first company pioneer,

died in Paris, Idaho. * * * The Lehi sugar factory is being

remodeled to treble its old capacity.

22nd: James Clove was named as postmaster at Provo, by President McKinley. * * * The Boer envoys called at the White

House. 23rd: The Boers are retiring towards the Vaal, and many Free

Staters have surrendered to Lord Roberts'army. * * * The

postal frauds in Cuba received an airing in the Senate by Senator Piatt, of Connecticut. * * * Mrs. Emily Smith Patten, wife of

John Patten, born in New York, January 26, 1832, died in Manti, Utah.

24th: It is announced that the American Smelting and Refining Co.,

will erect in Salt Lake Valley a plant of 25,000 tons per month capacity to cost one million dollars. * * * Price, McCornick & Co.,

a brokerage firm of New York, failed for $13,000,000. * * * The

Presbyterian Assembly, in session in St. Louis, (17th to 31st) framed a

memorial to Congress, asking that the Constitution be so amended as to declare specifically polygamy a crime. * * * The Boers in the

field are voting on whether to continue the war or not. 15: * * * The Utah

University students defeated Nevada in the intercollegiate debate in Salt

Lake City. 25th: The corner stone of a monument to perpetuate the heroism

of the army of the Potomac, was laid at Fredericksburg, Md., witnessed

by President McKinley and members of his cabinet. * * * The

Nevada athletes defeat the Utah boys at the University of Utah campus.

26th: The Methodist Conference decides not to change its attitude

on amusements; and theatres, cards and dancing remain under the ban.

718 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

* * * During the week 46 Filipinos were killed, and 180 made prisoners, and 300 rifles captured in several small engagements in Luzon.

* * * President Lorenzo Snow and party attended the Oneida Stake

Conference at Preston, Idaho.

27th: Outlaws shot and killed Sheriff Tyler of Grand County and

Deputy Sam Jenkins, a cattle owner of Ogden, on Hill Creek, about fifty miles north of Thompsons, Utah. Governor Wells was appealed to for

help, and a posse is sent to hunt the outlaws. * * * President C.

P. Huntington confirms the rumor that the Southern Pacific will enter

Salt Lake City. * * * Lord Roberts crosses the Vaal.

28th: The favorable weather enabled many millions of people to

see the eclipse of the sun in the path of totality; in Utah the partial

eclipse was visible between 6 and 7 o'clock a. m. * * * Lord

Roberts proclaimed the annexation of the Orange Free State, under the name of the Orange River Colony. * * * Richard B. Thurman,

Provo, received the degree of L. L. D. from the Columbian University,

Washington, D. C.

29th: Papal delegate, Monsignor Mar tinelli, spent a day in Salt Lake

City. He was entertained at the Alta Club, and a reception was given

him at the residence of Bishop Scanlan. * * * Dick Haworth on

trial for murder attempts to escape from the court in Farmington, but fails. * * * A fire destroys half the business part of De Lamar

Nevada. 30th: Decoration Day was generally observed. The resorts were

opened. Many thousands visited Saltair. * * * The Boers evacuate

Pretoria; President Kruger has fled to Watervalboven, 130 miles east;

Johannesburg has surrendered and 177 officers and 4182 British soldier prisoners are released; the London Times announces that the war in

South Africa is practically over.

31st: Foreign soldiers will be permitted to land in Pekin to guard

the legations, in the rising troubles. * * * The Senate passed the

sundry civil appropriation bill which gives St. Louis $5,000,000 for the

Louisiana Purchase exhibition to be held there in 1903. * * * The

State of Utah sold $300,000 refunding bonds at par at 3j per cent interest. * * * President Snow donated to the Latterday Saints College a land grant north of the Deseret News corner.

June 1st: The nintyninth anniversary of the birthday of President

Brigham Young was fittingly celebrated by the family and friends, at the Tabernacle and the lake. * * * John Jaques, assistant Church

historian, and author of the Catechism, born Market Bosworth, Leicestershire, England, January 7, 1827, died at his home in Salt Lake City. *

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 719-

* * The Mercur and De Lamar mines were consolidated, with a capital of $5,000,000. * * * S. H. H. Clark, former president of the Union

Pacific Railway, died at Ashville, N. C, in his 68th year.

2nd: Governor Wells issued a proclamation appealing for means to

help save the starving millions in India, where 12,000 die daily from starvation and disease. * * * Coal Mine Inspector Gomer Thomas

submits his'official report on the Scofield disaster.

3rd: The Philippine Commission arrived in Manila. * * *

Aguinaldo is reported slain by the thirtythird infantry in Northern

Luzon. 4th: General McArthur reported 10,780 Filipinos killed; 2,014

wounded; 10,424 captured and surrendered, since the insurrection began.

5th: The situation in China is growing worse daily. The dowager

empress is said to have ordered the Tsungli-Yamen to face all Europe rather than interfere with the "Boxer"movement. The situation is such

as to alarm all the great European powers.

6th: General Otis, on his return from Manila, passed through the

State, being interviewed at Ogden. * * * The possse which scoured

the country for the outlaws returned without success and the chase is adandoned, and Governor Wells offers a reward of $1,000 for the capture of the murderers of Sheriff Tyler and his deputy, Jenkins.

7th: With remarkable demonstrations following the singing of

"The Star Spangled Banner,"and amid patriotic outbursts which stirred all to the highest pitch of enthusiasm, the first session of 56th Congress closed its labors. * * * President Kruger declares that the real

struggle has just begun, and that the Burghers will never surrender, as long as five hundred armed men remain in the country.

10th: The annual conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations opened in Salt Lake City. * * * Fifteen hundred foreign

troops, of different nations left Tien Tsin for Peking. Massacre of missionaries and other outrages by "Boxers"are of daily occurrence, and

the outlook is alarming. * * * Four people were killed in the St.

Louis strikes, and it was the bloodiest day since the strikes began, more than a month ago.

11th: Wm. J. Kerr, formerly of the Brigham Young College Logan,

was elected president of the State Agricultural College, vice J. M. Tanner, resigned; and John A. Widtsoe was elected director of the experiment station. * * * Senator J. L. Rawlins arrived from Washington. * * * The 4th Battalion Derbyshire Regiment, 700 men,

were either killed, wounded or captured by the Boers, at Roodeval, on the 7th inst., when the Boers cut Lord Roberts'line of cummunication.

720 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

* * * The Improvement conference closed with a brilliant reception to the visiting stake officers, held at the residence of A. W. McCune,

which 500 people attended.

12th: The chancellor of the Japanese Legation at Peking was brutally murdered by the body guard of the empress of China. The inter

national army marching on Peking numbers 2,044 of whom 104 are

Americans. * * * The British loss in the South African war to June

9, is 23,664, besides 13,147 sent home as invalids, not including the sick in the South African hospitals.

13th: Generals Roberts and Botha engage in a fierce undecided battle fifteen miles southeast of Pretoria, on the 11th. * * * The

Chinese, with guns trained on the American Mission and British Legation, will oppose the advance of the international troops into Peking.

United States Minister Conger asks for 2,000 troops; 2,000 Russian

infantry land at Taku.

14th: The Scandinavian Jubilee, celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of the introduction of the Gospel into the Scandinavian countries,

opened by a meeting in the Tabernacle, presided over by Apostle A. H.

Lund. The jubilee will continue until Sunday evening, 17th. * * *

Large reinforcements of troops are being arranged for by the European powers to enter China. * * * Advices declare that in the recent

battle between Lord Roberts and General Botha, the latter resisted the former two days, and then retreated without loss of men or guns.

Swift's

Silver Leaf

Lard.

Winchester Hams.

Winchester Breakfast

Bacon.

EINEST QUALITY.

MILDEST CURE.

INSIST ON ABOVE BRANDS BEING EURNISHED

ON YOUR ORDERS.

TAKE NO INPERIOR SUBSTITUTE

rawinssHIPANS Doctors find A Good Prescription Tor mankind

Ten for five cents, at Druggists. Grocer*, Restaurants,

Saloons, NewsStands, General Stores and Barber*

Shops. They banish pain, induce sleep, and Drolong life.

One gives relief I No matter wnat's the matter, one will do you good. Ten samples and one thousand testimonials sent by mail to any address on receipt of price,

by the Ripans Chemical Co., 10 Spruce St., New York City.

(WHEN writing to advertisers mention the era.)

Scenic Un e—World

DEMVERand dRIO GRANDE "RAILROAD.

THE POPULAR THROUGH

CAR LINE FROM THE #* NORTHWEST TO ALL POINTS EAST a F. NEVINS. General Agent S. K. HOOPER, G. P. & T. A

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH, DENVER, COLO,

Oregon snort Line Railroad

Operating 1421 Miles of Railroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Four Daily Trains between SALT LAKE CITY and OGDEN. The POPULAR

LINE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MEROUR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second South St., Salt Lake City.

S, W. ECCLES, General Traffic Manager. D. E. BURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agt

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and General Manager.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

WEBEH WAGOflS STODDAflD |IFG. GO

Tiger and Granger Hakes

The old reliable. More in use

than total of other kinds.

Havana Press Drills Insure even growth, and use one

KND third less seed and raise one third larger crops. BOB SLEDS

KING OF AliL. Beck Hav Loaders

Save time and hay. Strongest

made. Will elevate from swath,

wind row, or cocks.

Gooperative Wagon & Machine Co.,

EXCLUSIVE AGENTS IN UTAH AND IDAHO FOR ABOVE LINES.

GEO. T. ODELL, General flanager.

We Horn IWake YOU Wholesale Prices

On anything you want in the line of Guns, Ammunition, Fishing

Tackle, Pistols, Baseball Goods, Boxing Gloves, Athletic

Goods, Tents, in fact all kinds of Shooting, Fishing, Camping and Sporting Goods.

Our new catalogue is out and it contains the most complete line at prices that will astonish you—WHOLESALE PRICES. It is Free to all. We also

have the agency for six different makes Bicycles (about eighty different kinds) and will be pleased to send catalogue of any of them and make'prices.

BROWNING BROTHERS CO.,

155 Main St., 2461 Washington Ave.,

Salt Lake City. Ogden, Utah.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

TWO NEW BOOKS Just Issued from the Press.

THE LATTERDAY PROPHET.

HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH.

'Written for Young People by GEORGE Q. CANNON.

This is a handsome volume of over 200 pages, and contains a number of illustrations and maps, together with portraits of the Prophet Joseph and other leading men of the Church.

PRICES: # J* J*

Cloth, embossed in gold and colors 50

Leather, embossed 75 Leather, gilt and embossed 1.00

A Young Folks'History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Bv me well know writer, NEPHI ANDERSONThe thrilling story of the rise and progress of the Church up to date, told in simple language, with illustrations and maps showing every important location in Church history, makes a book of 198 pages, beautifully printed and bound in cloih.

PRICE ONLY 50 CENTS.

Geo. Q. Cannon

Sons Co., &

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

WRITE FOR NEW CATALOGUE AND PRICELIST.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENl ION THE ERA.)

flU 3MB CHAMPION >i<5*?-

Six -Roller Harvesters and Binders, FARM AND FREIGHT Light Folding Reapers,

Combined Reapers and Mowers, and Draw Cut Mowers,WAGONS CONSTITUTES THE J/lost Complete Iiine of ]Waehinery

Carried in the State.

Sold exclusively by the Cooperative Wagon & Machine Co., in Utah fJtFThe Success we have experienced

in the Sale of These Machines has been and Idaho. Phenomenal.

A Celebrated Case. The Best bine

-OfThere is only one Threshing outfit made that gives Entire STEEL PLOWS

Satisfaction.

AND

During 1897 and 1898 there were sold in Utah and Idaho HARROWS more Case outfits than all others combined. IN THE "WOP2.LD

.. Is'Made by..

JOHN DEERE & CO., J. I. CASE T. M. CO.,

-Racine, Wis. MOLINE, ILL.

GO.,GOOPEHATIVE (flAGOfl & PGflljE

EXCLUSIVE AGENTS IN UTAH AND IDAHO FOR ALL ABOVE LINES. O.

HEBER J. GRANT, President. JOSEPH F. sniTH, VicePrest.

Melvin D. WELLS,CEO. T. ODELL,

General Manager. Secretary and Treasurer.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

CO., Agts.HEBER J. GRANT &

The Hartford North British Fire Insurance and Mercantile INSUHRNCB CO. COMPANY,

(United States Branch.)

KCartfordL, Conn.

Assets, Jan. 1, 1898, - $4,280,505

Net Surplus, over all Assets, Jan. i, 1898, - $10,898,629 liabilities, - - 2,103,877

Net Surplus, over all The combined fire and life assets of the North British and Mercantile liabilities - - 4,249,725 are over $65,000,000.

German Pennsylvania

American Fire Insurance INSUHHNCE CO. COMPKNY,

NEW YORK. FhilELdLeslphieL.

Assets, Jan. 1, 1898, - $7,834,699 Assets, Jan. 1, 1898, - $5,100,286

Net Surplus, over all Net Surplus, over all liabilities, - - 3.678,999 liabilities - - 2,197,726

CO., Agts.HEBER J. GRANT &

WHSN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE BRA.)

in the IWoantainsA Day

The following Roundtrip Rates are in effect to points on the RIO GRANDE

WESTERN RAILWAY: jtjtjtjt

Pharaoh's Glen (Parleys Canon).. $.50

u Old Arm Chair ".60

Brightons Silver Lake)... 4.50

Scenic Circle Tour $3.00, Sunday's 2.00

Provo Canon Resorts on Sundays.. 2.00

Ogden and Ogden Canon... 2.25

Reduced Rates for parties to Castilla, and the many lakes, streams and campingout places it eastern and southern Utah. A trip to the Grand Canon

of the Colorado by way of Richfield, etc., is the best two weeks'outing in the

world.

TICKET OFFICE, DOOLY BLOCK CORNER.

VALUABLE TEXT BOOKS FOR THEOLOGICAL CLASSES OF

SABBATH SCHOOLS # QUORUMS.

The M.I.A.Manuals

J. The Life of Jesus. book on the history of the Church

2. The Apostolic Age. from 1805 to J 839 and containing

3. The Dispensation of the Fullmany choice items not generally

ness of Times. Being a text accessible. Price 25c each.

f*[ LSend orders to T 214 Templeton Bldg. fiM R8 HUL

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

CO., MARTIN WAGNER

paokers or Baltimore, Md..,

RT THB SIGN OF THE OYSTERS, DOC'S HBKD LOOK FOR THE HIOHEtT PEFECTION IN CANNED GOOD*.

FRUITS & DOG'S HEAD VEGETABLES.

CORN TOMATOES PEAS PINEAPPLE PEARS LIMA BEANS APPLES STRING BEANS PUMPKIN BLUE BERRIES PEACHES STRAW BERRIES OYSTERS BLACK BERRIES SWEET POTATOES.

BRAND. > The Highest Achievement in Canned Goods. Baked BANS )

WERNICKE BOOK CASES. LIBRARY GliOBES.

C. CO., F. WEBER &

SCHOOL, CHURCH mo OPERA HOUSE FURNITURE..Sehool Supplies.

Telephone 480-4. B. A. McMLLLEN, Manager.

77 W. First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

TWIN

BROTHERS MUSH

Delicioos. Nutritions.

j* Economical. &

THE FAVORITE BREAKFAST FOODS Specially adapted for Children, Aged People and Invalids.

mm ALL GROCERS SELL IT.

v (WHKK WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE BRA.)

r City, f "*J\JT I Shlt Lhkb F.UTHH.

MANUFACTURERS AND—-IMPORTERS OF DEALERS Tig AND

(general Merchandise. <*<&

Our Extensive Stock is the Largest and Best s

Selected in the State, and we have the

BEST GOODS AT LOWEST PRICES.

OUR MAMMOTH ESTABLISHMENT, UTTgTwwaa CONDUCTS

Wholesale and retail.

We keep everything New and Up=toDate for all

Family Supplies. In making small profits

OUR MOTTO IS LIVE, AND LET LIVE.

IBI?.jRs.3SrCKCES:

OGDEN, PROVO, IDAHO FALLS, John Watson, Manager. L. O. Taft, Manager. B. Bennett, Manager.

ofptcwt?'?-"v President,VicePresident,LorenzoGeorgeSnow,Q. Cannon, Treasurer,Secretary, ThomasA. W. Carlson.G, Webber,

\ Joseph P. Smith, H. Dinwoodev, John R. Barnes, Geo. Romney,

T DIRECTORS: Heber J, Grant, P. T. Farnswbrth, Anthon H, Lund, John R. Winder,

4) Jehn Henry Smith, Francis M. Lyman, William H. Mclntyre.

T. Or. WEBBER, SUPERINTENDENT.

JIMGiJMQMMoMfiiMi

heatine W

THE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT BREAKFAST FOOD.g

Made from choicest quality white California wheat.

All the woody fibre taken off.

All the gluten retained.

FOR SALE BY ALL FIRST CLASS GROCERS.

jaflMJSflMISJffliiUi