W A MONT( 3 (JME UY

Vol. XVII AUGUST, 1914 No. 10

ORGAN OF THX PRIESTHOOD Ctt/ORUMS, THE YOUNO MEN'S MUTUAL

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH 9*

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTEP DAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THK QBNERAL BOARD AT MALT LUtlt CITY. VTMt

BEFORE THE SMOKB BOTH PHONES 851

CLEARS AWAY factor*, shop, firestricken your On Jos. Wm. Taylor busioffice resume you can or store,

ness If Insured with us. No 1 long unnecessary delays In adjusting, bo Utah's Leading Undertaker

haggling over terms; but prompt payand Licensed Embalmer.

ment of losses every time. It's to our

Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue again—weInterest to canget youInsureset youup Inagain.business Fine Funeral Chapel, Private

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIGHT

SI, IS and BO South West Temple St. Heber J. Grant & Co. % SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

2026 S. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

One Road to Success—

Which Way are YOU Going?

START RIGHT BY ENTERING THE L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Service—Not Profits

Day a month Night Sessions—$4.00 a month Sessions—$7.00

'I HE IMPROVEMck, f ERAWHENWRITING JQ AtifMliSMSi PLEASE MEM ION

Camp on the JJpper Weber River

Approach the Uintah Range from whatever quarter of the compass we may, we cannot fail to be pleased with its bold and commanding forms. That trinity of peaks, La Motte, the Bald

Mountain and Mount Agassiz (commonly called Reed's Peak), form the center of a thousand magnificent views. Not long ago,

considering the age of mountains, this whole region was covered with creeping glaciers. Their ice fronts rested upon causeways

of huge, round boulders which they themselves had brought down and piled at the mouth of every canon. We yet see the evidences

of erosion on every hand; deep canons plowed out of mountains

of solid rock; cliffs and mountain sides fluted, as it were, by the

sharp corners of stones held in the grip of the icy masses; extensive amphitheatres and glacial valleys in which rest now the cold,

crystal waters of innumerable lakes.

The nobler class of game is quite abundant in the Uintahs.

The bear and the deer frequent their solitudes; the former, the

pine woods, and the latter, the high plateaus just on the timberline. One must be a practised huntsman, however, to take this

game unawares, though not infrequently one wakes, upon his bed of strewn pine branches, and sees near to his camp, not a hundred yards away, perhaps, fhe motionless form of a stag, standing upon

silhouette against the lighta jutting rock, and sharply outlined—a

of dawn.

The Uintahs, the second in importance of the mountain ranges of Utah, extend from its eastern border, close to the Green river, to the Wasatch range, which they confront almost at right angles, the course of the latter being nearly due north and south.

L.—A.

Improvement Era

Vol. XVII AUGUST, 1914 No. 10

"Science Falsely so Called"

BY DR. ROBERT C. WEBB

At the present day it is a familiar experience to be gravely informed that ours is preeminently the "scientific age."We

learn in manifold connections that "science"and the "scientific method"are rapidly revolutionizing every department of human thought and endeavor. Nor is this altogether untrue: indeed, as

no one can deny, the "scientific method,"the method of practical research and experiment, consummated by sufficient demonstrabe achieved certain answers,tion,—the method by which may

far to"yes"or "no,"to the question, "will it work?"—has gone

making the world over, particularly in the mechanical and practical sciences. Because, dating from Watt's discovery of the expansive energy of steam, in the latter half of the eighteenth century, the habit of subordinating theories as to what "should be"

or "ought to be"to the practice of determining by patient and intelligent experiment "that which is,"we are accustomed already to seeing results accomplished in actual fact, which have been for ages among the hazy dreams of "unpractical"brains. Thus,

things which our forefathers of but a few generations past would have ascribed to "witchcraft,"or, simply, to the "devil,"are now merely the commonplaces of everyday life. Such are our telephones, our railroads, our steamships, the wireless transmission

of intelligence, and dozens of other achievements, including the newborn science of building and operating of real aviation—the

flyingmachines. The scientific method is, indeed, the real wizardry of which people only talked and wrote in former times. If

there was ever a "wizardry"of any other character, we might claim with some show of consistency that it must have been in some very real sense "scientific."(And does not the word

"wizard"mean "one who knows?")

In the midst of all this, however, comes the clear warning of experience that, side by side with real science, there is also the 902 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"science falsely so called, which some professing have erred concerning faith,"and numerous other matters, in addition. Although, as we have heard, this may be the "scientific age,"there

is no sense in accepting the opinions of every ingenious and persuasive wordspinner as contributions to real science. Yet this

is the very thing that is done with as sickening a regularity as in the darkest years of the "dark ages."Nor is there any warrant

for crediting a scientific character to the defectively supported conclusions of even the most capable scientists. Thus several of

our foremost physicists, naturalists, astronomers, etc., have emto clothebraced the teachings of spiritism—have even attempted

them with a semblance of scientific such fact demonstration—yet

constitutes no overimpelling argument for their claims in the minds of the average among us. Just as in former days, people

had their systems of astrology, which was not precisely the "starscience;"of demonology, which was a very insecure foundation

for true medical theory and practice; and of phrenology, which

was not what a scientific anatomist would consider an adequate "brainscience;"so, at the present day, we have our systems of

Christian Science, so called, and of "scientific sociology,"neither of which is scientific in the sense applied to the scientific method

There are other, and even more widely accepted systems of inference and opinion, which are with as little actual warrant called "scientific,"just as there are, doubtless, very many men named

Hunter, who never fired a gun, set a snare, or took a life, even to assuage the pangs of hunger. It is merely a matter of names in

the first case, as in the second.

Under ordinary conditions it would be highly superfluous to treat this matter at all; since, of course, the adherents of unscientific "sciences"cannot be convinced of their errors by any really

scientific line of reasoning or demonstration. To argue to a

Christian Scientist, for example, that his system is not really scientific would merely evoke the answer that it certainly is "scientific in a higher sense,"and there you are. Similarly, an

attempt to reason with an evolutiontheologist or a "higher critic"that he is laboring under numerous evident misconceptions would move him merely to a pitying reminder of the fact that his critic forgets the "great names"back of his opinions, and is not capable, evidently, of comprehending the aims and character of real "scholarship."And there our efforts rest again; since, as it seems, there

is an aristocracy of "learning,"and our names are not enrolled in its "Almanach."When, however, an utterly false system,

which is dubbed or christened by its adherents "scientific"in some real sense, is erected into a standard for judging truth and reorganizing knowledge; when the cloven foot of its essential absurdity has tracked the broad areas of human thought, penetrating even to the sacred precincts of religion itself, it is high time

"SCIENCE FALSELY SO CALLED"903

that voices were being raised in protest against the further propagation of a false culture, and a challenge issued to the constructive atheism, which, as when the devil disguises as an angel, parades as the true "twentiethcentury Christianity."We will

state, therefore, that we purpose examining and challenging the truth, or even the scientific character, of the socalled "doctrine secondof evolution"and the socalled "higher criticism"—the

primarilv, because theybeing merely a corollary of the first—not,

are obnoxious to the type of religious thinking which we prefer, but precisely because they are unintelligent, foolish, and baseless.

Such an attitude at the present dav may seem, to some, very surprising indeed; but the surprise will not be so great when we have

discussed the real nature and limitations of science, and the conditions under which, in the world of sense experience, at least, a prooosition may be said to be based on knowledge, and when, evidently, on mere assumption.

The word "science"comes into our language, through the

French, from the Latin scientia, "knowledge,"which derives, in turn, from the verb scire, "to know."It means, therefore,

"knowledge,"the material as well as the fact of positive sense experience and record of some actual order. Properlv speaking,

however, it signifies rather codified knowledge, in which numbers of known facts are arranged according to their evident similarities, dissimilarities and relationships; and thus involves analysis

in individual cases as well as synthesis in the totalitv. The classification, which is an essential element in scientific studv and

greatly facilitates the acquisition of knowledge, is based upon the natural tendency of the mind to association of facts and experiences. To be really scientific, however, this association must

be based upon essential elements, rather than upon the fortuitous conditions which determine it in many cases of ordinary experience. Sometimes such elements are small matters common to

large groups of facts which differ widely in other particulars again, they are important considerations which are made to separate several facts, otherwise closely similar. Thus, botanists

form their great order Rosaceae, including with the rose group several familiar fruit trees, largely on the fact that all the plants in this order produce flowers of the same description. On the

other hand, zoologists separate the termites, or white ants, so called, from the true ants, despite the similarity of their habits and general structure, on the basis of the fact that the termites have netted wings,-—thus falling into the order Neuroptera—

falling intowhile the true ants have membranous wings—thus

the order Hymenoptcra. No one would think, however, of classifying an octopus among birds, because it possesses a horny

beak, somewhat resembling that of a parrot; nor, following Buf904 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fon's humorous suggestion, of classifying a crocodile among insects, because it possesses a hard covering, or "exoskeleton."

Because, therefore, science deals essentially with existing facts, in their discovery, analysis and classification, on the basis of essential resemblances and differences, its formulation and use must involve a certain large and important field of inference and theory. Thus, from practical familiarity with the sparks produced

in the discharge from Leyden jars, Mr. Franklin concluded that

lightning was to be explained by a similar set of conditions in the clouds. This was a scientific inference, based on known facts,

and subsequently verified by his famous experiment with the kite and the door key. On the basis of careful observation of

natural facts and operations, scientists in other branches have been able to do still more surprising things. Unknown and unseen planets have been assumed to exist, with all the certainty

of a demonstration, on the basis of observed aberrations in the behavior of known planets, which could be ascribed only to the influence of unknown bodies; and subsequent observation has

verified the conclusions. Similarly, arguing solely from his

knowledge of comparative anatomy, and his entire familiarity with the mechanical requirements in a living organism, Waterhouse Hawkins, the English naturalist, in building the lifesize model of a megalosaurus at Sydenham, London, confidently formed its back with a hump, like the "withers"of a horse, in order, as he stated, to furnish a sufficient attachment for the mass of muscle necessary to support and move the great bulk of the head. Some anatomists were inclined to question the accuracy of

bis judgment, but the subsequent discovery of a nearly complete skeleton of an animal of this species confirmed his conclusion.

In very similar fashion, after the development of scientific chemistry had indicated the fact that the known elements fall into natural series, in the order of their atomic weights, and then of their other characteristics, it was found that several gaps existed.

Other elements were, therefore, predicated, and their atomic weights and other qualities were accurately estimated, as shown by their subsequent identification and isolation: thus vindicating

the validitv of the socalled "periodic law"of the elements.

In spite of all these surprising achievements of formal science, it must be insisted that inference is a very uncertain guide apart from strict consistency with known facts. In short, when

inference and theory extend beyond the just limits of known facts and established laws, and strike out into the unknown, they cease to be scientific in any accurate sense, and constitute what is known as "philosophy,"which is to say speculative thought. Nor is

philosophy a certain guide, except when known facts regarding the universe and its constitution are kept consistently before the mind. This is shown eminently well in the history of philosophy

"SCIENCE FALSELY SO CALLED"9U5

from the beginning of recorded speculation to the present day.

Starting out to explain the facts of existence, numerous philosophers have ended by actually inventing new and unheardof varieties of universe, possessed of all orders of astounding attributes, and have accomplished nothing but to furnish interesting examples of the operation of the mind, very often under conditions analogous to what, in the language of electrical science, is called a "short internal circulation of energy, decircuit"—involving an

void of effect in useful work on the outside. Thus, following on

a closelyknit line of "iron logic,"Descartes reached the conclusion that the material world consists in a plenum, which is to say a "fulness,"and that no movement could be possible, except in circles. Leibnitz, arguring with similar ability, postulated a universe

composed entirely of selfcontained and mutually unrelated monads, in which by his principle of emboitement des germes, with the involved power of simulating objective experiences, constitutes the total of our life in an apparent world of subject and object. Bishop Berkeley argued that there could be no material

world, except so far as it existed as a "perception,"by an essential act of "spirit,"which constitutes, he thought, the sum of all reality.

Other philosophers have reached similar, or totally diverse, conclusions, merely because of the attempt, common to them all, to use the processes of pure thought, or logic, without regard to the limiting influence of facts in experience and sense perception.

Thus, as we may see, logic is a dangerous instrument, except in the hands of a competent master. It is like a twoedged sword,

as liable to cut the back of a careless wielder as to split the person of his antagonist. If a sword could be.flfrlc with more than two

edges, it would furnish an even better simile.

When we consider the fact that the real aim of svstematic philosophy is to explain the discover and apply a universe—to"world formula,"as Prof. Tosiah Royce expresses it—the unescapable necessity of starting our speculations upon a basis of

perfectlv verifiable and relevant fact must be apparent. Without

a foundation, only failure can result, in spite of profound reasoning and careful adherence to premises. This rule was never

better exemplified than in the geocentric theorv of astronomy, the Ptolemaic theorv socalled, which, failing to recognize the now accepted fact that the sun, and not the earth, is the center around which the planets revolve, postulated a complicated series of cycles, epicycles and retrogressions, with other ingenious devices to account for observed facts on the basis of an utterly erroneous concept of the universe. Tt was in harmony, however,

with every known, or assumed fact then available to astronomers the further facts being quite inaccessible to the ancient observers, who had not been able to discover that the earth is a spheroid, and who ignored all the evident inconsistencies in their processes 906 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of reasoning on the known facts. Consequently, the whole complicated fabric of their system crumbled and vanished with the

demonstration of its one vital and fundamental error.

The modern socalled "law"of evolution, considered as a practical "world formula,"is a resultant of two distinct lines of speculative thinking, which, while differing in origin, and in nearly all particulars, have as a common aim the remodeling, or reinterpretation, of all branches of knowledge and experience, including the "data of the religious consciousness."The first of

these, in point of time, as well as of ultimate influence, is distinctly philosophical, as embodied in the theories of the noted German thinker Hegel, which, until within a generation, enjoyed considerable favor among Protestant theologians. The second

represents the zoological hypothesis of descent, as propounded by

Darwin and other earlier investigators, and elaborated by Herbert

Spencer into a "law,"through the workings of which is produced a continuous change, or series of changes, essential and inevitable, "from an indefinite incoherent homogeneity to a definite coherent heterogeneity,"with certain other concomitant consequences.

This elaborate definition was an attempt to reduce to formal statement, with the widest applications, the simple Darwinian theory that all the numerous varieties of lifeforms are to be considered as so many variations actually produced from a common ancestral type, necessarily simple in structure, by assuming the existence of a natural agency, analogous to the selective activity of.

selects individuals for mating,the human stockbreeder—who

offspring—andwith the deliberatewhichaimwasof calledproducing"naturalsomeselection."given finalitiesThis agency,in the

it was assumed, operates to produce such "favored races"as are best adapted to survive in the "struggle for life,"thus giving the sanction to Spencer's principle of the "survival of the fittest."

However, the theory of descent, or development, according to which the unicellular egg—destined to mature into a highlv

complex, multicellular individual—is made the type of the universal law of nature, accounting for all variant lifeforms, and

all other variations whatever, was originated long before the dav of Darwin and Spencer. By the assumption of various theories

to enforce the central idea of derivative descent, it was familiar in the writings of numerous naturalists and philosophers for quite a century. Hegel gave it expression in his famous "law of

trichotomy,"the fundamental principle of his system of logic, which was intended to illuminate all branches of knowledge on the theorv that every formal idea consists of three essential elements, (1) the statement, (2) the counterstatement, or contradiction, (3) the svnthesis, by which the two find reconciliation and harmonv in a higher union, or complete comprehension. This

rule of thesisantithesis-synthesis, applied to the problem of crea-

"SCIENCE FALSELY SO CALLED"907

tion, postulated "pure, original, indeterminate being"(the "thingin-itself,"the "Absolute"), projecting itself into its antithesis, the "relative"(called Werdcn, or "becoming"), a potentiality which, in turn, eventuates every form of determinate being (called

Dasein, or "existence") the eternally completing process of creation, in which is involved a return toward, a "reconciliation"with the "Absolute,"as manifesting the perfection of the creative idea.

This beautiful and suggestive concept, which was not wholly outlines being discernible in Hinduoriginal with Hegel—its

theolspeculations, and some other connections—when applied to

ogy, explained the doctrine of the Trinity, also that of the Atonement; applied to history, the necessary progress, as argued, from

imperfect to perfect, from ignorance to finished knowledge, from evil to complete good. The trouble was that it explained too

much, and that it explained it too easily; being, like certain

domestic implements, not perfectly "foolproof."Thus multitudes of halffledged minds were enabled, by its help, to wallow

complacently in a conceit of omniscience, even as they do today with the kind assistance of the evolution hypothesis. Thus,

Hegel's "law,"rather than the speculations of zoological theorists, seems to be responsible for the presentlycurrent notion of certain and inevitable progress into perfection, an idea which seems to be involved in Tennyson's fervid lines

"Is there evil but on earth? or pain in every peopled sphere?

Well, be grateful for the sounding watchword, 'Evolution'here,

Evolution ever climbing after some ideal good,

And Reversion ever dragging—LocksleyEvolution Hall,in theSixtymud."Years After.

The similarity of its thought with that of the present seems obvious when we remember Hegel's bold comparison between himself and Christ, with a very strong suggestion of advantage in his own case; since he lived 1800 years later, hence at a period

further advanced in the grand process.

Thus, whether fathered by Hegel or the zoologists, it seems clear that the doctrine of evolution was not originally an attempt to explain puzzling facts and phenomena, but rather a speculative hypothesis, whose justification is sought in facts and alleged facts.

It is the central dogma of the new dogmatism, which the faithful must support by any available arguments, even at the cost of remodeling all branches of human knowledge, as was actually attempted by both Hegel and Spencer, and with no wondrous results in either instance. It is the prevailing fashion in philosophy, which attracts the allegiance of many minds, just as fashions

in clothing appeal to the tastes of some women and a few men.

Tt is the modern substitute for God, divine providence, and revelation, which speciously explains error and wrong, as, in Emerson's

908 IMPROVEMENT ERA

phrase, "good in the making."It is a consoling "conviction"

for all sorts of feeble minds, who can thus gain fresh assurance of the finality of their own pet conclusions, as an integral part of a grand process of "man's gradual discovery of God and statement of His eternal truth."In all these particulars it is a dangerous

and regrettable influence, encouraging superficial thinking and actual degradation of learning to the supporting of a gratuitous dogma. Its influence in religious thinking is seen in the development of the loose and negative attitude, popularly dignified by

the term "liberalism,"which indicates, precisely, lack of positive conviction and a general unworthy and really unreligious complacency of mind. In this particular it parallels the influence of

Hegelian philosophy, as explained by Prof. Francis Bowen as

follows "One source of the great popularity of Hegelianism, especially with politicians and theologians, may be found in its conciliatory character. It has a strong tendency to bridge over the separation of

parties and differences of creeds, and to effect compromises between jarring opinions. * * * * The law of trichotomy, which is the

basis of the Hegelian logic, enables us to take up any two contradictory ideas, and melt them into one synthetic notion which includes them both. Hence, a consistent and expert Hegelian may repeat any

theological creed, join any political party, or defend any philosophical—Modernsystem, withoutPhilosophy.prejudice to the opinions which he formerly avowed."

At the present day the matter is even worse, since the socalled doctrine of evolution is an even better breeder of essential hypocrisy than even the ingenious speculations of Hegel and all his disciples. Schopenhauer, a violent opponent of Hegelianism,

and at the same time an equally strong antagonist of materialism, as expressed in the vapid speculations of mere scientific specialists, "who know nothing else,"speaks feelingly of "the steady growth of unbelief in the face of all hypocritical dissembling and the outward conformity to the Church."This is to be seen even

now, when men do not hesitate to make formal subscription to creeds and formularies with contemptible mental reservations, which they dignify under such names as "revised views,""larger understandings,"and "new meanings."Thus, even while it is

fashionable to hold that this "evolution"process has changed the meaning of words, along with the physical conformation of animals, we will find candidates for ordination in sects, professing full belief in the redemptive work of Christ, shamelessly advertising the fact that they are "unable to believe,"for example, the virgin birth of Christ, because that, like the story of Jonah and the whale, it involves "violence to the law of evolution."This

alleged law would, we may judge, seem to be the "real gospel"of our upto-date preachers, who do not hesitate even to flaunt essential atheism before the public in "new understandings of the "SCIENCE FALSELY SO CALLED"909

being and nature of God."When we hear such expressions, we

may understand merely that the word "God"is used as a synonym for the "law of evolution,"in spite of all the elaborate flounderings and speculatings by which ingenious writers and socalled "thinkers"have attempted to disguise it. Spencer and Huxley

are the Paul and Peter of the "new theology,"and Hegel is its

John the Baptist. It must be said, however, to the credit of both

Spencer and Huxley that they were outspoken in their profession of "agnosticism,"which is to say the formal recognition of the essential inability of the human reason to deal with matters apart is to say,from the realm of observable and verifiable fact—which

with "final causes."They recognized that our knowledge, unless

supplemented, as we may suppose, by something beside, is limited by the horizon of perceptible fact, and that we possess no senses that can discern things beyond the horizon. But, there are always

"campfollowers"with every army, and even the most careful their errors in matters ofthinkers—whatever opinion—have

hordes of selfstyled "disciples,"who are of the kind characterized in the popular adage as those who "rush in where angels fear to tread."An outspoken "atheist"may be credited with

the virtue of frankness, but an unbeliever in the livery of Christianity is a hateful charlatan. We will not spectacle—a mere

insult the dignities by calling him a "wolf in sheep's clothing;"

he is merely "an ass in a lion's skin."

Discoveries on the Colorado

BY JOSEPH F. ANDERSON, OF THE UTAH ARCHAEOLOGICAL EXPEDITION, 1913

VIII—The Hopi Indians—Snake Dance and other Customs

There was much disappointment in the camp of the Utah

Archaeological Expedition when, in midAugust, 1913, it reached the Wetherill trading post, Arizona, three hours too late to accompany Colonel Theodore Roosevelt and his party to witness the worldfamous snake dance of the Hopi Indians at Oraibi, three days'travel from the post. The hardy exPresident had known

of the approach of the Utah party and had very courteously waited two days at the trading post in the hope of forming a junction with the Utah explorers. Difficulties incident to breaking trails through

unsurveyed wilds and encountering floodswollen streams and quicksands prevented the Cummings party from moving on schedule time.

The snake dance of the Hopi Indians is the grand climax of a religious ceremony covering nine days. It comes on the last

day and is the part of the ceremony open without restriction to spectators.

Some accounts of the snake dance describe it as a chaotic, savage, wild, pagan dance, but Dr. J. W. Fewkes, of the Bureau

of Ethnology, characterizes it as a solemn, dignified, religious rite.

This is probably the correct view, for the whole nineday ceremony is known to be an elaborate prayer for rain. Each year this ceremony is performed, alternating at Walpi and Oraibi, the pueblo

towns of the Snake and Antelope fraternities respectively. The

six other pueblos inhabited by the Hopis are Tewa, Sichomovi,

Mishongnovi, Shipaulovi, Moenkopi and Hotavila.

Upon the approach of the month of August each year these people meet and determine, by meteorological signs, with which they are familiar, the date upon which the ceremony shall begin.

The snake dance is usually completed before the end of August and the equinoctial rains of September and October are regarded as answers to their which were carried by the prayers—prayerssnakes to the SpiderWoman goddess in the underworld. The

SpiderWoman is an important personage in Hopi mythology

They say it is she who weaves the web of the clouds in the skj from which the rain comes.

Four days are required for gathering snakes for the dance one day for each of the four world quarters. In 1913, about two

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 911

hundred reptiles were thus gathered. The haunts of the snakes,

which the Hopis well know, and never disturb, are visited, and all kinds collected with bare hands. The poisonous rattlers and

sidewinders are no more feared than the harmless blow snakes and blueracers.

The snakes are carried to the top of the lofty mesa where the pueblo is perched. The writhing reptiles are deposited in

large jars from which they are taken in handfuls by the warrior priest as the dance proceeds. After many preliminaries of racing, chanting,

dancing, singing, incantations and praying, the spectacular snake dance begins. A number of Snake priests line up

opposite a similar line of Antelope priests. After some

minutes of swaying, stamping and chanting, the Snake Photo by Brooks, Utah Arch. Exped. priests break up their line into

terraced homes in the cliffj groups of three. Each group

left, Reading from are Thomai the men tr> +n<itne warWarProf.Harper and Cummings, Byron head advancesarkranrpc inin fnrritUm tO

of the Utah expedition. nor priest who gives to one

man in each trio an angry snake. The reptile is placed in the

mouth and carried thus between the teeth during the dance which follows. Each snake carrier then drops the snake from his mouth

and returns for another to repeat the operation. As soon as a

snake is dropped to the ground another member of the trio, the "gatherer."prevents its escape by quickly picking it up and holding

it in his hands. This act is repeated until his hands are full of

snakes and some must be turned over to the Antelope priests, who have all the while remained in line, solemnly chanting.

Should an angry rattler coil for a vicious strike at the gatherer, the feather whip is used. The tickling of the feathers causes

the creature to uncoil and seek to escape. With a lightning grasp

the expert "gatherer"seizes the escaping reptile and holds it. It

is said that a priest is rarely bitten, but should such an accident occur, an antidote is given, the composition of which is, and has always been, kept a profound and carefullyguarded secret by the

Hopis. It is said to be a far more potent antidote for snake bites

than anything known in civilization, and would therefore be a boon to the world if the Hopis would reveal their secret. To do

so, they believe, would be an unpardonable act of sacrilege.

At a'given signal all the snakes are thrown into a writhing pile, inside a circle of sacred meal. The mass is sprinkled by the

chief priest with sacred meal and at another signal each snake priest grabs all the snakes he can carry in each hand and darts

912 IMPROVEMENT ERA

down the steep sides of the mesa and deposits them with due reverence on the plain from which they came. It is now expected

that the snakes will descend to the underworld and make a plea in behalf of the Hopis for rain to mature the crops of corn upon which these strange people depend chiefly for a living.

The Snake Dance of the Hopis is based upon their legendary lore, according to which, the people on the earth made their ascent to the earth's surface from the underworld, through the Grand Canyon of the Colorado. Some

people went north; others went

south and the Hopi's settled on the dry mesas where they now are. The chief of the Hopis had

two sons. Tyo, the elder son,

resolved to let the Colorado river carry him to the underworld where he would ask the SpiderWoman to weave clouds and send rain to the withering corn of his people. Throwing himself

into the river he descended to the underworld. SpiderWoman

met him there, gave him power Photo by Brooks, Utah, Arch. Exped. of invisibility and permitted him

THE CANYON OF THE SAN JUAN to mingle with the SnakeAnte- RIVER

This river, with its turbid water, its lope people of the underworld treacherous quicksands, and its unforewho controlled the coming andshadowed floods, is a veritable vampire in the desert. going of the clouds spun by

SpiderWoman. Tyo returned to the upperworld with two

maidens, one of whom he gave to his brother and the other he kept for'himself in marriage. Soon the SnakeAntelope people

from the underworld came up to the Hopi home and ate corn pollen for food. They then left the mesa in the form of snakes

and communicated the prayers of the Hopi people to the gods in the underworld. It is for this reason that the Hopi Indians never

harm snakes, but dance and pray with them each year.

This is a sample of the mystic myths in which these unique people revel and sincerely believe. It is said that they still believe

that the Grand Canyon of the Colorado communicates with the inner recesses of the underworld. It is a part of their religion

their heaven is the underworld. They have long known of Christianity, and are nominally Catholics, but their real religion—the

one to which they cling with true Hopi their conservatism—is

primitive animistic cult.

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 913

Conservatism is shown not only in their religion, but in their many queer social and political customs.

There are about two thousand of these people occupying eight villages of adobe on the elevated cliffs of the mesas in the Moki

Reservation, Arizona. Some of these houses were built long

before the discovery of America, and are still occupied. Houses

several stories hisrh are built in terraces and are entered through

THE GILA MONSTER

One of the venomous reptiles of Arizona. Its poison is not considered dangerous

unless it gets its fangs fastened in the flesh for some length of time. It will hang on

like a bull dog until detached.

holes in the roofs, by means of ladders. The Hopi kiva, or ceremonial chamber, is an underground chamber in which various

religious rites are performed, including the washing of the snakes used in the snake dance.

The houses are built by the men and women in cooperation, but when built they are owned by the women. Like the Navajo

woman, the Hopi woman owns most of the property, and is the acknowledged equal of the man. The children belong to her clan,

and have her clan name. When she marries, she receives her

newlymarried husband into her home; he leaves his own clan

and becomes a member of hers.

The Hopis are said to have no laws for punishment for crime except for witchcraft. Being a tractable,

peaceful, industrious people, they seem to have an antipathy

THE SIDEWINDER RATTLE SNAKE to any kind of punishment or

One of the most poisonous of snakes and one strife. Corporal punishment,

of the reptiles used in the Hopi snake dance. it is said, is never administered to children nor adults. They are often spoken of as the

people without jails, courts, asylums or criminals. Their very

name, Hopi, means "the peaceful people."Heaven, to them, is a

hunting ground"without piinplace in the underworld—a "happy

ishments or retribution. So peaceful are they that they are pointed

out as the only Indians in the United States who have never been in armed conflict with the people of the United States. No doubt

their love for peace led them to make their homes high up on the elevated mesas to avoid conflict with the warlike, nomadic tribes.

914 IMPROVEMENT ERA

There is one other "crime"besides witchcraft which receives punishment from the Hopi. In Hopiland are seen many burros,

with their long cars entirely absent or partly cropped. Such a

burro bears the Hopi stigma of a cornthief. The cornfields of the

Hopis are tin fenced and the burros run loose, but are supposed to curb their appetite for green, juicy cornfodder. To teach them

bitthis lesson the reasoner that he is—cuts a small Hopi—queer

of the burro's ears off each time his burroship invades the corn

Photo by Brooks, Utah Arch. Exped.

A CLIFF HOME PERCHED ON THE MESA SIDE patch. Many of the poor beasts, ignorant of their "crimes,"become

totally earless without learning to avoid the corn field.

The Hopis are thoroughgoing agriculturists, wresting with great labor a meager subsistence from their little fields on the dry, sandy plain below their homes on the mesa tops. Among the

crops they were cultivating, when seen by white men shortly after the discovery of America, were corn, beans, melons, squash, cotton and some other garden plants. Now, besides these crops, they

raise peaches, apricots, wheat, onions, chili, sorghum cane, nectarines, grapes, potatoes, tomatoes, tobacco, sunflowers and other garden truck adapted to their climate, soil and crude methods.

They raise small flocks of sheep and goats for wool and use the burro for transportation. Scarcity of fuel makes it necessary for

them to carry wood from great distances on the backs of these

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 915

durable little animals. They also own a few cattle and horses.

Their only other domesticated animals are dogs, chickens, hogs and turkeys. They eat nearly all of the small desert animals, and

in times of stress will eat some of the desert plants.

The Hopis are governed by a council of hereditary clan elders and chiefs of religious fraternities. The people are divided into

several phratries, consisting of numerous clans, each of which has its headman.

The costume of the Hopi man consists of a cotton shirt, short pantaloons, breechclout, moccasins and hairband. They are fond

Photo by Harper, Utah Arch. Exped.

UTAH ARCHAEOLOGICAL EXPEDITION AT WETHERILL TRADING POST

The burros are packed with six weeks'provisions, and the expedition's equipment.

The burro is indispensible in desert transportation.

of ornamentation and wear bracelets, shell necklaces, turquoise and silver ornaments and earrings. The women wear the same costume described by their Spanish discoverers nearly four centuries

ago. A blanket is thrown over one shoulder and fastened at the

waist with a belt. The one shoulder is left bare and an armhole

is cut in the blanket for the opposite arm. They wear moccasins

and leggings of buckskin, and ornaments similar to those worn by the men. Small children run naked in warm weather. While

working in the fields or participating in ceremonies, the old men wear no clothing except the breechclout.

The Hopis are great lovers of their children. What Mrs.

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Fraser says of Japanese childhood may also be said of the Hopis "Little children are the treasure flowers of life, and that which ministers to their happiness is never considered trivial, but regarded as a necessary part of family occupations."The birth

of a child is an occasion for great rejoicing, and elaborate religious ceremony in the Hopi home.

This, briefly, is the land of pocotiempo (pretty soon) with its easygoing, kindly, intensely religious, primitive people. Hospitable, honest,

homeloving people they are, with a wealth of mythology rivaling that of Greece. They

are a conservative, peacelov- ing people who, if left to themselves, will continue to NAVAJO TWINS work out their own problems A freak of erosion in the Painted Desert,Southern Utah. These mighty windcarved of government in their own

pillars of colored left sandstone their symway and live peacefully andmetrical columns feet in if the many air as shaped by some titanic hand. happily in their mesa homes.

(to be continued.)

The Putit-offs

"My friend, have you heard of the town of Yawn,

On the banks of the river Slow,

Where blooms the Wait-a-while flower fair,

Where the Sometimeor-other scents the air,

And the soft Goeasys grow?

It lies in the valley of What's-theuse,

In the province of Letit-slide.

That tired feeling is native there,

It's the home of the listless, "I don't care,"

Where the Putitoffs abide."

-Good Citizenship.

The Parable of the Minted Coin

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

It was once my privilege to make a visit of inspection to the

United States Mint at Philadelphia. This is the largest and best

equipped establishment of its kind in the country; and within

its walls a large proportion of our national coinage is minted, the output ranging from the bronze penny and the nickel piece to the silver dollar with its fractions, thence to the eagle, its half and its double in gold.

I was one of a small party individually invited by the Director of the Mint, under whose official guidance we were conducted through the several departments. In the section devoted to the

coining of gold there was great activity, due to the fact that a targe issue of eagles, or ten dollar goldpieces, had been ordered by the Treasury Department, of which the Mint is a bureau. As

privileged visitors we were allowed to view the processes at close range from first to last.

We observed the preliminary assay of the gold, and the introduction of the small proportion of base metal to insure the hardness and fineness required by law; then followed the casting of

the molten metal into ingots, the rolling of these into strips or fillets each of the exact thickness prescribed. From the thick

ribbons of gold, disks were cut, of the diameter and thickness required for the finished coin, and known as blanks or planchets.

Though in weight and fineness as true as any eagles in circulation, they were at this stage but smooth pieces of metal; they

lacked the stamp that would make them legal tender in the country.

The process that followed next was to me the most impressive of all. The yellow blanks were fed into the great "striking

machine"that held the dies. One by one they were delivered to

the lower die or anvil; then the arm holding the upper die descended with noiseless precision; and lo! what a moment before

had been but an unmarked disk of metal, was now a stamped coin, bearing the attest of the nation as to its genuineness. The pressure

exerted upon the piece between the dies was such as to make the gold flow like a viscous mass; a rigid collar confined it, however,

and produced the milled edge, while the circular border of the die gave the slight elevation of the rim which is necesary to retard the wearing away of the stamped surface.

Notwithstanding the tremendous force behind the descending die, the operation seemed so gentle, so speedy, and so quiet, as to 918 IMPROVEMENT ERA

suggest only a passing* touch; nevertheless the imprinted piece

will never forget the experience of that moment. Only through

disfigurement can it belie its authoritative stamp; only through

acid corrosion, long continued attrition, or destructive violence, can the impress be obliterated; and by such defacement the piece

would fall below the established standard of value, and would cease to pass as a legal medium of exchange. The stamped disks,

no longer blank, but to all appearances finished coins, were then weighed on an automatic balance of extreme precision, by which any chance defective piece was thrown out.

As a true coin of the realm the yellow eagle issued from the mint. Wherever it goes it will bear testimony to the official impress it received in that moment of pressure and stress, to the

authority it bears as an intrinsic endowment, a commission, an appointment, such as shall be respected throughout the country, and even in other lands, for the credit and the official assurance of the nation are behind the stamp on the coin.

Think of what may be done by virtue of the power possessed by that stamped disk of gold. It may bring food to the

famishing, clothing to the needy, professional attendance and skilled nursing to the afflicted; it mav help to build a cottage, a

mansion, palace, castle, or temple;. it may go to pay the way

on errands of mercy; it may be made a means of relief and

blessing to thousands. With such capacitv for good, however,

there is correllated a corresponding power for evil. That same

goldpiece, because of its official stamp, may buy fuel to feed the flames of lust; it mav be bartered for the liquor that corrodes

body, mind and soul; it may purchase the bomb that destrovs the

very structure it once assisted to build; it mav pass in exchange

for the murderer's weapon, and may even hire the murderer; it

may prove a veritable curse to its temporary possessor.

Had it never been touched bv the die in the mint, had it not received the stamp that insures it currency, it would be just as truly gold, intrinsically worth the full ten dollars for the metal of which it consists; but it would be of no ready service, since

every time it changed hands the receiver would have to weigh it and determine its composition. Such necessity would involve

consideration, test, calculation, and withal, hesitation and caution, with nossible failure to meet the exigencies of the time.

testiHow like that precious gift of God—the assurance and

mony of the gospel of Christ, how like the bestowal of the gift of the Holv Ghost bv the authoritative imnosition of hands, how like the divine call and ordination to the Holy Priesthood, is the stamp on the coin! The soul so impressed, so chosen, so ordained,

shows by word and act as well as by silent influence, the touch of the finger of God, even though the divine contact has been but momentary.

PARABLE OF THE MINTED COIN 919

Like unto those who are honorable in purpose and honest in heart, yet who have not yet yielded obedience to the requirements of the saving gospel, are the unstamped blanks, good metal though they be. Their influence is limited, their capacity for service narrowly circumscribed. They await the touch, the impress that shall commission them to testify and minister in the

name of the King.

To every sterling piece such as tallies with the law of righteousness, that touch shall come in the present or the hereafter, provided only the piece be ready. But how will the metal receive

the imprint? If it be brittle through base alloy, untempered, unannealed and unyielding, it may break under the stress, or even

though it hold together it may present but a blurred similitude of the authoritative stamp.

Oh soul! hast thou not yet passed between the dies? Dost

thou await the individual pnpress of divine commission? And is

thy lack due to unreadiness? Art thou tempered and annealed

to receive the testimony of God's approval?

And thou other soul, bearing the imprint of such testimony, art thou true to the stamp thou bearest? Unlike the inanimate

coin, thou hast agency and the ability to choose in what service thou shalt be used. Thou art of divine mintage. Great is thy

power. Fail not

The Spirit of Truth

Spirit of Truth, Thou holy inspiration,

Thou art my light, my source of advice!

Rest Thou on me, direct my life's probation,

My Comforter, my Pearl of Great Price!

Ever to Thee my heartthoughts are turning,

Seeking Thine aid from sin to be free:

Oh! with what love Thou answerest my yearning,

Heaven is near, when thinking of Thee!

Arisions of glory awaken my reflection,

Fill all my soul when by Thee inspired.

Love then becomes a holier affection,

God and the Savior the friends most desired.

Thoughts most ecstatic, my soul ever thrilling,

Come at the dawn and at evening apace;

Ever from Thee within my heart instilling

Faith unto faith, and grace unto grace!

Till I am one with God and Thee abiding,

Heaven my home for all eternity,

Lift Thou my soul, while in Thee I'm confiding,

Sanctify all of my bein<? in Thee!

Thou art the Power, above all, independent,

Yet seeking all who answer Thy love

Thou Flame of Glory, immaculate, transcendent,

Gift from the Throne of Heaven above!

PLEASANT, UTAH JOSEPH LoNGKING ToWNSEND

A Century of Peace

BY FRANK C. STEELE

A century has virtually passed since the thunder of artillery and the clash of steel resounded throughout the Englishspeaking world, the treaty of Ghent, signed by the representatives of England and the United States December 24th, 1814, bringing to a close the last armed conflict between the two great AngloSaxon nations. The effect this hundred years of peace has exerted in

the material and social progress of the world cannot be computed.

As a factor for closer international friendship it has towered high above all other influences, and the propitious feelings that are mutually entertained today augurs well for the future.

THE TIES THAT BIND

The three great branches of the AngloSaxon race—England,

closely related by the tiesthe United States and Canada—are so

of kinship, that, finding their inspiration in a common source, they shape their ideals along similar channels. We

are distinct, yet we are one. This thought was

beautifully expressed in a figure used by one of Canada's noblest statesmen, the Hon. Edward

Blake, as early as 1854, when he said in a moment of inspired elo qence: "The clover lifts

its trefoil leaves to the summer sky, yet it draws its nourishment from a single stem."

And why should we not be at peace? Why

THE RT. HON. ROBERT LAIRD BORDEN, P. C. K should the lust of Cain

M. P. PRIME MINISTER OF CANADA. still stir the breasts of

brothers? For centuries

we were one people. Our forefathers fought side by side at

Hastings and heard the curfew toll. They wrenched their liber-

A CENTURY OF PEACE 921

ties from the tyrant, John, and, under the banner of the Lion hearted, met with unfaltering arm the waves of infidel soldiery.

They witnessed the intellectual emancipation of Europe, and beheld a New World rise in splendor out of the mysterious western seas.

THE PARTING OF THE WAYS Years later came the parting of the ways. Many reasons are

advanced for the withdrawal of the thirteen colonies from the parental roof. But these were minor influences contributing to

strange, intangible power calledone great, underlying cause—that

Destiny. Independence was secured only after a long and bloody

war, and we in Canada are now enjoying the results of the lesson which came as a natural sequence to that determined struggle.

It is because of a liberally revised colonial policy that England retains political control of her overseas dominions today. Truly,

the lesson was well taught.

TRADE, A POTENT FACTOR The experience of all ages furnishes abundant evidence that trade is ever the most potent agent for peace and good will between nations. Stimulated by the supreme consciousness of unlimited resources from which to draw for the future, providing

their conservation is secured, Canada and her big brother to the south clasp hands across an imaginary line, unmarred by a single piece of artillery for over three thousand miles.

It is but logical for two peoples linked together by race, language, institutions and proximity, to engage in commerce.

This is as reasonable as it is for two Missourians to "swap"mules.

Although Canada's frontier is guarded by a formidable tariff wall, yet even this impediment seems not to prevent the plucky American from bartering with his northern neighbor.

WHY RECIPROCITY WAS DEFEATED

It is true that the reciprocity pact was overwhelmingly defeated in Canada, in 1911. And why? If we reason aright it was

chiefly this: Amrican statesmen apparently forgot, during the

heat of political warfare, that Canadians still were British, and they unwisely made assertions fatal to the cause they were so emphatically expounding. Besides the irrational declarations of

Prsident Taft himself, Senator Champ Clark made a most serious mistake when he dispassionately remarked in the course of an address: "I hope to see the day when the American flag will

wave over the whole Northern American continent to the North

Pole."This utterance was followed by Congressman Bennett's

muchquoted speech in which he said that "Annexation was the 922 IMPROVEMENT ERA

logical result of reciprocity."Although this latter statement was

promptly suppressed, it had already begun to inflict its deadly work.

From a thousand platforms throughout the Dominion rang out the appeal to stand by the Empire and British ideals. The

loyalty cry was sounded by the Tory press from ocean to ocean.

Conservative orators seized upon the effective claim that the ultimate purpose of American statesmen was annexation. Rudyard

Kipling's message to Canada to "preserve her own soil,"also exerted a powerful influence, especially in the eastern provinces

HARVEST SCENE

On the thousandacre farm of the Jensen Ranching Co., Msgrath, Alta,

Canada. This field averaged 58 bushels to the acre

where the imperialistic spirit was strong. Thus, reciprocity was

defeated, and partially, if not wholly, by the indiscretion of American statesmen themselves.

OUR TRADE EXPANSION

Notwithstanding the defeat of reciprocity, Canada's trade with the United States has wonderfully increased. Figures prove

President Taft's opinion in his message to Congress to be unsound, when he made this assertion: "They (Canadians) must soon

decide whether they are to regard themselves as isolated permanently from our markets by a perpetual wall or whether we are "to be commercial friends A CENTURY OF PEACE 923

Since the defeat of the proposed pact in the general election of 1911, our trade with the United States shows a most gratifying increase. In 1912 Canada imported from her southern neighbor

goods to the value of $356,358,179, and her export trade in the same market amounted to $120,534,993. The figures for 1913,

fiscal year ending March 31st, tell a still greater story: imports,

$441,155,855; exports, $167,110,382. It is rather suggestive to

note that Canada's trade with the United Kingdom in 1913 amounted to $316,641,431, as against $608,266,237 with the United

States.

THE TREK NORTHWARD

The immigration figures also speak volumes. For many years

the trend of U. S. emigration has been to Canada, particularly to

Oil is one of Southern Alberta's greatest assets. Rich fields are

located west and southwest of Cardston the northwestern provinces, the fertile prairie lands of which have inestimable value from an agricultural standpoint. The

following series of figures best illustrates this gradual increase since 19011901, 17,687; 1908, 58,312; 1910, 103,798; 1911, 121,-

451; 1912, 133,710; 1913, 139,009.

Usually, statistics make dry reading, but these should be perused with keen pleasure and profit, as they bear an eloquent 924 IMPROVEMENT ERA

testimony to the power of peace in the material growth of a nation.

THE FUTURE OF THE DOMINION The political future of Canada is somewhat problematical

What lies in the bosom of time for this rapidlydeveloping nation is sealed from mortal eye. However, at present, there seems to

be three conditions possible for Canada, namely, national independence, as a part of the British Empire, or annexation with the

United States. Whichever course the Dominion shall follow will

be developed along natural principles, and probably will not be apparent for many years to come. But come, it must.

The British Empire is merely a consolidation of selfgoverning countries, comprising peoples bound to the motherland by bonds of sentiment. Sentiment is indeed a powerful factor in the unifying of a great empire, the units of which are widely scattered,

but in the progress and expansion of commonwealths, possessing full independence, even the deepest ties may be disregarded. The

various elements of the British Empire must soon be welded together by more than sentimental ties, or the fatal process of disintegration will set in.

VIEWS THAT COUNT FOR SOMETHING

Nor is this view confined to a few meddling spirits who delight in exciting strife and contention. It is held bv the most eminent men in our national life. Premier Borden clearly indicated

serious consequences in reference to imperial control of the foreign policy. Said he, December 5, 1912: "In my humble opinion

the adherence to such a position could have but one, and that a most disastrous, result."

Sir Wilfrid Laurier, expremier of Canada, declared in

Toronto, January 6, 1910, that "we are a nation. We feel that

we are a nation. Our country is the finest under the sun. We

bow to the king of England, but he has no more rights over us than are allowed him by our own Canadian parliament. If this

is not a nation, what then constitutes a nation?"

British statesmen accept this same view. The late Mr. loseph

Chamberlain has said, "How are we to bring these separate interests together; these states which have voluntarilv accepted our

crown and our flag, and which in all else are absolutelv independent of one another!"And Sir Frederick Pollock, one of the best of

English living jurists, advises British statesmen to "leave the conventions alone and look at the facts, and we find the self governing colonies are, in fact, separate kingdoms, having the same king as the parent group.""Moreover,"says Lord Milner, "we are slipping back to the antiquated conception that the mother country

A CENTURY OF PEACE 925

is the center of the political system with the younger states revolving around it as satellites. Against that conception the growing pride and sense of independence of the younger states revolts."

Thus men of eminent standing hold that Canada is in reality a sovereign state, ruled over theoretically by the King of England and further, that there is grave danger of the British Empire some day becoming a disorganization.

ANGLOSAXONS MUST STAND TOGETHER

But whatever course the Canadian people may choose as the most feasible condition in which to work out its destiny, we may

The frontiers of two great nations, marked by peaceful monuments instead of bristling fortresses logically predict that they will remain true and devoted to our in the hands ofcommon institutions and traditions. Much rests

shoulder,the AngloSaxon race. We must stand shoulder to

opening our portals to the oppressed of all nations. For true

patriotism, after all, is not to be found in the waving of the national colors or in the singing of the national airs, but rather in the genuine service we render society as a whole, lifting our fellowmen from a lower to a higher life. The sooner we realize this the

earlier will burst upon us that glorious age—that vision of

prophets and song of poets in all ages—the Millenium of the

world.

THE MORNING STAR The future of the new world is as bright as the morning star.

Every artery of material strength running through the continent

926 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is pulsating with life and vitality. British America and the United

States will be interlaced with railroads from the Atlantic to the

Pacific. Already there are $636,000,000 of American money invested in Canada. More will follow.

What will another century of peace bring, basing conclusions on the history of the past hundred years? The thought staggers

one. Civilization is moving at a tremendous rate. This is the

grandest age of all time. Man is conquering every obstacle that

challenges his worldwide conquest. The march of progress is as

irresistible as the ebb and flow of waters. The subjugation of the

earth is sure. Man has fixed his eye on the sun and will not be

satisfied with the star.

AngloSaxons must lead the nations up the scale of industrial, social and spiritual evolution. Individually and collectively, they

must stand together for all that is noble and just. As we frame

these sentences, there is draped before us the banners of the two

English speaking nations, resting calmly, fold within fold; and in

beholding them so associated, we cannot refrain from exclaiming with the poet "And let their varying tints unite,

And form in heaven's light One arch of Peace."

MAGRATH, ALTA, CANADA

An Appreciation

(To Rufus Sncll, Sr.)

I hope and trust, dear friend, I've made a friend

Whose value I do much appreciate.

One who has lived, and loved, and suffered, and whose fate

To labor late and early, and to wait

In life's decline with patience and with trust

The dissolution of thy clay to dust,

O, heart of gold, thine anchor still tob-e

In Him who died for us to make us fre,e.

And may He make the sunset of thy years

All sweet and holy and all free from fears.

Rest thou in Him, O Patriarch and -true,

Your life of noble effort speaks for you,,

The gods have loved thee! hence thy crown of years;

Thy priest and kingship through this vale of years;

Thy power to do, and dare build and subdue;

Form, fashion, execute, and still prove true.

And when thy soul art weary of the weight

Of timeencrusted burdens, and the late

Flame of Life's Lamp but dimly burns and low,

May God's own face light up thy way to go

Swift through death's shadow and thy mother's kiss

Be thy sweet greeting into realms of bliss.

Sarah E. Hawley Pearson

The Master Orator

BY R. VERNE MC CULLOUGH

[At the M. I. A. Oratorical Contest held in Salt Lake City, June, 1914,

there were ten Church districts represented at the finals, in senior orations. "The Master Orator,"by R. V. McCullough, was given first place.—

Editors.] The human voice has been a factor most deeply significant in the development of the race. It has commanded on battlefields and

inspired men to deeds of heroism. It has risen with incense from

the altar and drawn men nearer to divine ideals. It has

championed truth, and truth has made men free. Of the

innumerable voices that have come to us from the past, some have been sweet and rhythmical. We call them singers.

Some have been strong and persuasive. We call them orators. Of these orators some

have spoken to one age, some to one people, but One there was who spake to all ages and to all peoples.

In presenting a study of the life work of Jesus of Nazareth from an oratorical point of view, it is not claimed that oratory was the great and essential fact of his life. Oratory is not a fact, it is an incident; not an end, but a

R. V. M! CULLOUGH means. A man is an orator

because he is something greater than an orator. Webster was a

great statesman; incidentally an orator. Phillips Brooks was a

great preacher; incidentally an orator. And just as we study the

oratory of Webster or of Phillips Brooks, fully conscious that above that mere incident are the great facts for which their lives stand in the history of our nation, so it is possible for us to study the oratory of Jesus, fully aware that above any superficial discussion lies the great fact for which the Christ Life stands in the history and the development of our race. If, then, it is possible

to consider this subject without misunderstanding, it may be of 928 IMPROVEMENT ERA

interest on such an occasion as this, to consider the teachings and methods of One, who, if we can substantiate his right to the title of orator, straightway becomes the model of all true eloquence.

Was Jesus an orator? It will be said that not enough of his

discourses survive to permit us to judge. But everyone will admit

that John the Baptist was an orator. Yet the surviving discourses

of Jesus exceed in number and power those of the Baptist. There

are old Greek poets not one word from whom has survived. Yet

our Greek scholars tell us of the glories of these men, not a line of whose writings they have ever read. Alongside these hearsay

reputations I place the Sermon on the Mount, the invective against the Pharisees, and the final words of the Master to his disciples.

The true test of oratory is the effect produced upon the hearers. How did Jesus impress those who actually heard him?

"All bear him witness and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth."John the Baptist stands as the greatest orator of his time, "the voice crying in the wilderness."When

the reputation of Jesus reached the courts of Herod, what did he say? "This is John the Baptist."They associated him with

the greatest orator of their history.

The severest test of an orator is to convince an audience of unpleasant truths. Demosthenes spoke to his own countrymen

against a foreign invader. Cicero championed the interests of the

best classes of Rome. Webster and Lincoln voiced the popular

sentiments of victorious political parties. This man came at a time

when Jewish life and civilization were founded upon the law, and from the first to the last his entire effort was to destroy; not the

law, but, what was even worse, their conception of the law. Yet,

"the multitude heard him gladly."And more than this: even his

enemies acknowledged his power. For when the High Priests

sent their officers to arrest him, they returned empty handed, and their only excuse was: "Never a man spake as this man."

Now, what is the definition of oratory? When Cicero spoke,

the Romans went forth, saying: "What a voice! what gestures!

what language!"When Demothenes spoke, the Athenians rushed

forth, saying: "To arms! let us fight Philip of Macedon!"The

orator is not he who uses fine language, but he who makes you forget language, voice, gestures, everything except the truth he is teaching. The orator is he who makes you believe what he says?

Yes; but greater is he who makes you do what he says. Eloquence is the ability, by the spoken word, to make truth a living,

vital force in the lives of the hearers. Was Jesus an orator? He

came upon this earth at a time when truth was lost. Greece had

sought for it, but the brilliancy of her orators, her poets, and her philosophers, had succeeded only in producing a civilization upon whose altars was inscribed, "to the unknown God."Rome had

sought for it. but the Republic of Cicero, of Cato, and of Brutus

THE MASTER ORATOR 929

was becoming the plaything of a Nero. Israel had raised her

temple to the God of truth, but the highest inspiration from her sacred mount was a series of "thoushalt-nots."Into this atmosphere Jesus came, he went below the sophistry of the Greek,

the legalism of the Roman, the hypocrisy of the Pharisees, and deep in human nature he revealed eternal truth.

What an incentive, then, for us who gather annually in friendly oratorical rivalry, to strive to learn the secret of Jesus'power. Surely it is not to be found in the mechanics of voice,

gestures, or rhetoric. For however these may aid the orator,

however they are mistaken for oratory, they are at best incidentally and external. What, then, are the great essentials which lie at the

heart of true oratory as manifested by a study of the teachings and methods of the Master?

"He taught them as one having authority."Here is the first

essential of the orator: eighteen years at the carpenter's bench

eighteen years of selfmastery; eighteen years of character building; and when at last he came forth, he taught them as one having

authority, because he first obtained authority over himself. Character is the foundation of oratory. When he said, "Let him that

is without sin first cast a stone,"it was the character of the man, the pure life behind that statement that gave it authority. What

preparation shall the orator make? It is the character we build today that thirty years hence will plead at the bar of justice. It is

character that will rise from the pulpit with a tongue of fire. It is

not what we say, but what we are in the depths of our lives, that speaks to our audience; then, character is the first essential of the

orator.

If there is any other essential than character, it is purpose.

"Wist ye not that I must be about my Father's business?"

"My meat is to do the will of him that sent me."Jesus was

on fire with a purpose. Every act, every word of his life, was

subservient to that purpose. Never until some purpose gets a

hold of us that sweeps us out of ourselves, never until we can look our audience squarely in the face and say, "Wist ye not that

I must be about my Father's business?"can we be truly eloquent.

Not only did Jesus have a purpose, but he was true to that purpose; absolutely sincere and honest. Never did a man have

such temptation to be false to his purpose. Standing before Pilate

and the mob, when one flash of eloquence, one brilliant proverb, gathering into itself the traditions of priest, prophet, and patriarch, would have turned those cries of hatred into the hosannas of the triumphal entry, shall he save his life, shall he forget his cause, shall he be falsely eloquent?

"No, Pilate, my kingdom is not of this world,"and he gave fidelity toto the orator the greatest example of all time—absolute

a lofty, pure, immaculate cause.

930 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Eloquence is not the inspiration of a moment nor the training of a day. It is not the application of rhetorical principles nor the

result of a course in the school of oratory. It is the thrill of a

voice made merry by laughter and softened by grief. It is the

sympathy of a heart that has felt the fight of right with wrong.

It is the outpouring of a human soul that has been upon Sinai and seen the lightnings flash and heard the thunders roll. It is

the result of a lifetime in the desert with the meal of locust flesh, and the cloak of camel's hair. It is the agony of Gethsemane

crystallized into words. It is character thrilling and throbbing

with a purpose. This was the oratory of the Nazarene peasant.

Countless are the voices that have enriched our air of earth, but they have grown faint with the centuries. Circumstances

change, and the truths they uttered have lost their deep significance for mankind. Languages die, and they are heard no more.

But tonight, above the tumult of ages, safe from the wrecks of time, above the decay of any language, comes to us the words of the Master. They have lived because through them shone a divine

character, and behind them was the resistless power of purpose.

229 East Seventh South, Salt Lake City

A Tear

it stay. A tear?—so it is—well, let

But why comes it here at the close of this day?

Beautiful day, whose memory dear

Will stay with me ever.

A tear?—'tis a stranger hath wandered amid

This land of joy, unwelcomed, unbid,

But finding its place 'mongst the day's bright hours,

Will leave me never.

Perhaps in the future, when older years

Have seasoned the memory of joys and tears,

The hour that brought me this stranger tear

Will be counted sweetest of all.

Jean H.

LOS ANGELES, CAL.

The Shadow, Party

BY ELIZABETH CANNON PORTER

Helen and Leo had quarreled, just as they had several times before, over some trivial matter, only this time they did not make up.

Moreover, it looked as if Helen would have no partner for the character ball, as Leo avoided her in moody silence. So she slammed the

gorgeous new kimona, which she had planned to wear, in her trunk, and tried to talk lightheartedly when the other girls discussed the party.

Then, the day before the ball, Frank had quite unexpectedly asked her to go with him, so she hurriedly set to work to get her costume in readiness at the last moment. For weeks the costume dance to be

given by the Sunflower girls of the Academy, in the little southern town of Warez, had been the object of preparation. Helen and Mary,

the girl that lived at the same house, had decided, as leaders among the girls, to set an example of economy, as one girl had demoralized her family by going home and demanding to be outfitted as Cleopatra.

Helen, who had a brand new kimona, and was petite, into, the bargain, decided to go as a Japanese lady, whereupon it was rumored about that Daisy Lewis, who had also decided to go as a Japanese lady, suddenly changed to "Queen of Night."Mary, who was tall and

stately, had, for the sum of fifty cents, hired a Deflowered polonaise from the costuming house, and was going as a "Colonial Dame."

Helen determined to get herself up regardless "just to show Leo that she didn't care."So she tacked yards of flowing cerise silk (which

she had for a new waist) into the front of her kimona, gilded her soiled white kid slippers, and "did"her masses of black hair up high with combs and chrysanthemums. But her preparations were as

naught compared with the Colonial Dame's. Mary had taken four

solid hours to get into her harness, during which time she had had most of the family running distractedly around the house looking for things she wanted, but now she sat serenely ready in the little parlor, the pink of perfection from her powdered hair to her pointed toe.

Mary's escort, John, who, in pantaloons and clogs, was supposed to be a Dutchman, had arrived at halfpast eight. The three then

waited for Frank. At a quarter to nine they tried to talk of indifferent subjects while they strained their ears for his step on the porch.

When the clock struck nine John cast up his buttermilk eyes apprehensively. At ninefifteen he suggested that they not wait for Frank

any longer, but that Helen come and go with him and Mary.

"Something must have happened,"he suggested. At this point

Mary's elderly sister entered the room and began telling them about a girl who sat up till halfpast ten waiting for a fellow who never came at all. "You and Mary had better go. I'll stay here,"replied Helen,grimly. "If he doesn't come—

They all gave a gasp of relief. The doorbell had rung and they

heard Frank's voice in the hall. He was dressed as a clown and perhaps

Helen imagined that he looked white under the chalk. Strangely

enough, he offered no explanation for his lateness..

932 IMPROVEMENT ERA

When the four entered the ballroom the auctioneering was in full blast. The men were huddled in the dark part of the room with their

eyes riveted on a white curtain which reached clear across the hall.

The lights were so arranged on the other side that the shadow of a person walking across, was thrown upon the curtain. The girls had

hit upon this novel scheme for raising funds with which to furnish their rest room. Instead of the timeworn basket party, the boys

ofwere allowed to bid—maximum limit, two dollars—on the shadow

the girl that they wished to take in to supper. Of course the boys

were sure they recoginzed the girl they wanted, and the girls delightedly exchanged parts of costumes just to fool the boys. Mother Goose

exchanged her broom for Red Riding Hood's cape, and the Venetian

Flower Girl left her basket in the wings when she pirouetted before the curtain.

"How much am I bid for this shadow?"called the auctioneer, as

the reflection of a tall lady in a peaked hat was thrown upon the curtain. "A dollar,"huskily replied a redheaded chap.

"Sold—sold for a dollar,"and the auctioneer brought down his

hammer. "That's the third one that Eddie has bought in the last half hour, whispered one of the boys. "He's taking up all the tall ones, so's to

be sure and get Bessie McDonough."

Mary and Helen slipped behind the curtain and waited for their numbers to be called. Each girl was given a number, and the lucky

bidder was given a ticket with her number on with which to claim her.

At first the bids had been quick and extravagant, but as the boys became supplied with partners, and perhaps realized that they made mistakes, the calls had taken on a more conservative tone. As she stood

in line, Helen vaguely wondered who would get her shadow. Any one

of half a dozen boys might do it. She hoped that Leo would, but of

course it was "up to"Frank, her partner of the evening, to claim her for supper. A moment later "26,"her number, was called, and with a

little flutter of the heart she stepped behind the curtain and flirted her fan. She heard a confused jumble of voices on the other side, the

auctioneer's hammer came down with a thud, and it was over with.

Soon afterwards the curtain was pulled up, the lights thrown on.

and the men rushed up to claim their supper partners for the grand march. Much merriment, and some consternation, ensued over the

results. One man saw his young wife borne off by "Uncle Sam,"while

he, it seems, had purchased "Aunt Dinah."One boy was excitedly

trying to trade his number off, while several had secured two or three ladies, while others, not so fortunate, had none at all.

The first person in all that brilliant throng that Helen saw was

Leo, across the room in the doorway. Clad in green flannel shirt,

leather chaps, and a bandana knotted picturesquely around his throat;

he looked much as he did when he rode the range. But instead of coming toward her, as she half hoped he would, he only leaned moodily

against the door frame, apparently oblivious to the gay scene around him. Presently someone did come to claim her. It was Frank, with

Daisy Lewis on his arm.

"I believe I've got your number,"he said.

"You seem to be already supplied with a partner,"she returned, coldly. "Well, you see, I wanted two suppers,"he explained with an uneasy laugh. Then he mumbled something about their shadows looking alike. At first glance Helen could see nothing alike between a

sablerobed, starbespangled "Queen of Night"and a pink and blue

Japanese, but then their shadows might look alike, and both wore

THE SHADOW PARTY 933

drapery, and she noticed that Daisy's tiara was not unlike her own coiffure in shape. But then, why had Frank chosen Daisy of all people, for it seemed as if they were rivals in everything.

"Do you think that we can march three abreast?"asked Daisy,

doubtfully.

"Sure,"Frank reassured her. "Don't you see there's quite a number marching that way. See Jay Hamlin over there? He wanted to

make sure of one Elizabethan lady, so he secured the two of 'em—the

pink and the green."Sure enough, that young gentleman was marching between two ladies with enormous ruffs which seemed to be the

style in Shakespearean days. In front of them Mary was gently chiding John with having paid only sixty cents for her, while he stoutly

averred with Dutch stolidity that sixty cents was enough to pay for any shadow.

Then, as the orchestra flared into Washington Gray's march, the music drowned all chatter. It was a gay scene that the twinkling

lights looked down upon. Here, under the ivory and gold dome, were

gathered the semblance and symbols of all nations. History, travel

and romance had been culled to gain that ensemble. The students had

gathered information while preparing for the character ball and many had worked out the details of their costumes with painstaking care.

There was an Apache chief and a gypsy girl, a "dago"organgrinder with a Teddy bear, a velvetclad toreador, and a Spanish senorita in black lace and yellow roses. One man, in the uniform of a Belgian

army officer, looked like he had walked out of a Rembrandt portrait.

There were soldiers, cowboys, and darkies. Also the kingdom of

Mother Goose was represented in a dainty, blueclad Cinderella, and

Snow White, a blond in -white crepe papers. The country weekly of

the little town, "The Progress,"was uniquely represented by a diminutive girl clad in pleated newspapers.

When the dancing was well under way, Leo sought Helen out.

"I've got something to say to you,"he whispered, as she took his arm. "I tried to get you for a supper partner, but I must have

been out of the room when you were bid for, so I didn't take any."

"I wish you had, for Frank had two,"she answered, mischievously.

While they were dancing, he asked her if she would go horseback riding up the river with him and some friends the next day. Her first

thought had been to refuse, but he had looked at her all evening with such misery in his eyes, that she happily accepted the invitation. He

led her to a quiet place where they made up their quarrel. She heard

Leo utter an exclamation of impatience and looked up to see Frank coming toward them.

He claimed her for supper, and as they started off he explained that as he had already eaten one supper with Daisy, he expected to be very entertaining while Helen had hers.

The room was festive with holly and mistletoe and cedar boughs, the long tables gleamed in the effulgence of candles, and the low voices of the diners rippled with laughter. Suddenly Helen left the

loneliness that will come over one in the midst of a gay crowd. Leo's

eyes haunted her and she did not hear Frank's patter of conversation. Although they both kept up a light vein of talk both showed

that their minds were elsewhere. Later, when Frank came to claim

his second dance with her, Helen surprised him by saying, "I told you that I wanted to go home early, but I'm having such a good time that

I'll stay till the dance is out."

When he came to find her after the party was over, he again had

Daisy on his arm. Thinking that he had been dancing with her she

paid little attention, until he led them out into the hall and carefully adjusted Daisy's cloak before he went in search of her own wraps.

934 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"He seems to be very gallant to Daisy. Perhaps she is here without a partner and he is looking after her,"she thought. When they

got outside in the cool night air, Helen courteously suggested that they take Daisy home first, as she lived only across the campus and a short distance away. But Frank insisted on taking her home first,

although she lived through the park and several blocks beyond. On

the way home, in the crisp, starlit night, conversation noticeably languished. John and Mary were already onthe porch when they got

to Helen's, so bidding Frank and Daisy a hurried goodnight, Helen entered the house.

That night, when Helen shook down her raven locks, and Mary was brushing the powder out of hers, while bemoaning the fact that she "guessed she'd have to wash it,"she suddenly exclaimed, "I call that a perfectly horrid trick!"

"What?"asked Helen, looking up.

"Why, that Frank had you two girls there tonight."

"That Frank had us two girls there? What do you mean?"

"You and Daisy. Neither of you knew that he had brought the

other, although every one else in the room knew it. Jen declared that

she thought it was a shame and was going to tell you, only Frank coaxed her off to dance and persuaded her out of it."

"How did he take Daisy and me?"

"Well, he went and got her first, and took her over there. Then

he slipped away and came and got you. That's what made him so late.

Then he thought that you would leave early, and that he could bring you home and afterwards go back after her, and neither of you would know about the other. Your staying till the dance was out spoiled his

plans.""H'm, I thought he didn't seem very enthusiastic when I told him

I'd stay late. But what did he do it for?"

"Well, last winter he took Daisy out and he asked her a week ago to go to the character ball with him. She wouldn't give him any answer, but told him that she'd let him know. The week passed and

he heard nothing from her, so yesterday—knowing that you'd quarreled with Leo, he asked you to go. You said you would, and fifteen

minutes later he received a note from Daisy accepting his invitation.

He wanted to take Daisy and he didn't have the nerve to explain the situation to you. Of course, the decent thing for him to do was to tell

her he'd made other arrangements. But he siezed on your saying

you were going to leave early, decided to take you both and trust the rest to his wit and chance."

''Well,"my one comfort is that I made up with Leo tonight,"said Helen slowly. "For it seems to me that with Frank I played

second fiddle all the way through."

Undaunted Be

O, Soul, what e'er betide, undaunted be!

And keep thy vision undefiled;

For God all tenderly hath called thee

To the path that thou must tread,

And he hath said: Be not afraid;

What oft appears a shape of dread,

Like that dim form upon the sea,

May be the majesty of One Whose glory overshadows thee!

Maud Baggarley The Bible

BY BEULAH M. WORLD, A. B.

[At the M. I. A. Oratorical Contest held in Salt Lake City, June,

1914, there were five Church districts represented at the finals in advanced senior orations. Miss Beulah M. World, with "The Bible,"for her

subject, won. Editors.]

The Bible! How much it has meant to millions of people,

more to many than life itself! How many have clung to it in

their darkest hour of grief and despair, and have found in it, a helping hand of God tenderly and compassionately stretched to them in their misery!

Yet today, in spite of all the glorious history of its past, in spite of the countless numbers who have reached God through its inspiration, today, the Bible is made the subject of sharp criticism.

These scientific critics would no longer call the Bible "holy"but "history;"they would divest it of all magnificence and

inspiration for righteousness.

Let us forget for a while the holy nature of the Bible and look at it only as a piece of literature. To one thoroughly acquainted with the Bible,

it opens up a field of marvelous resources, for it embraces all literature of the highest type.

If we wish to read history, we may find here the grandest BEULAH M. WORLD.

epic history ever recorded the history of a people struggling through darkness, to the bright, the eternal, the unchanging truth, "Behold, there is no other God before triumphant belief and worship of one eternal Beme"—a

ing. While other nations were blindly worshiping graven images

and bowing themselves before gods of iniquity, Hebrews were seeing the great light; and the Bible records their glorious struggle to climb from the engulfing pit of ignorance, into the clear,

936 IMPROVEMENT ERA bright sunlight of God's eternal truth. A wonderful, matchless

history, is it not?

Then again, if we want poetry we need only turn to the

Bible to find the highest. The Psalms of David, to mention only

one instance, are the purest, most sublime poetry unsurpassed in all time, because they are the outbreak of an inspired heart pouring forth praise to God. The sonorous rhythm, the exquisite

beauty, the tender, yet proud abiding faith of the twentythird

Psalm are unequaled in all the annals of poetry.

Suppose we wish to read a short story, all we need to do is turn to the story of Ruth, of Esther, of David and Jonathan, of Joseph and his few. These are perbrethren—to mention only a very

fect short stories lacking none of the essentials of a short story as given by our most learned literary men. They go far beyond the

modern short story, for their purpose is not merely to amuse, but to aid and inspire the human mind, to show the way to a life of holiness, of happiness, of love.

Even Shakespeare could not have composed a drama of such awesome grandeur as that drama of dramas—the Book of

Job. It is a poetic drama, full of action, of deep feeling, of a

supreme struggle in which faith triumphant overcomes great bodily suffering and gives utterance to that magnificent cry, "I know that my Redeemer liveth."Even those thousands of

years ago, ages before the birth of Christ, that thought was uttered by a man in extreme physical agony, with family and home all lost, with streaming eyes and arms outsretched to God.

Only mentioning briefly the great prophecies which have been fulfilled, the marvelous truths which have stood the test of the time of the ages, the old, old story of Christ and his mission which revolutionized the world, not for a time but for all time, can we not see that the Bible is the Book of books? Even if

we do not believe that the Bible is directly the w*>rd of God, still the more we study, the more we read, do we find that it was written bv men filled with the glory and the inspiration of God.

But the Bible does not stand alone by its content. It has

over a thousand years of glorious history. Through it, countless

millions of people have not forgotten God but have turned to him with pure and worshiping hearts; through it, the sinstained soul

has found salvation, and with a heart full of repentance, with tear dimmedeves, has stood upon the verge of the valley of death, and stretched his hands in prayer to God; through it many have followed Christ through martyrdom, unflinchingly secure in the

eternal kingdom of God; through it we may live pure and upright

lives, safely escaoe all the temptations of the world, and with supreme trust in God, say as did David

"The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want.

THE BIBLE 937

"He maketh me to lie down in green pastures; he leadeth me

beside the still waters.

"He restoreth my soul, he leadeth me in the path of righteousness for his name's sake.

"Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,

I will fear no evil; for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they

comfort me.

"Thou preparest.a table before me in the presence of mine enemies; thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.

. "Surely, goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my

life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever."

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

The Sometime and the Now They talk of the glories of Sometime;

Of the marvelous wonders we'll see

When we pass to our rest, In that land of the blest Where from sorrow we'll ever be free.

Of the wideswelling song of the angels,

The harps and the crowns of pure gold;

And the pleasures that wait, Inside the bright gate, Where mortals shall never grow old.

But give me the glories about me!

The wonders I see every day:

The birds and the bees, The plants and the trees, And the streamlets that laugh on their way;

The breezes that blow from the mountains,

The myriad forms in the grass,

And the sunshine of love, Falling free from above, On the flowers that nod as I pass.

The hearthappy laughter of children,

As they frolic and dance at their play,

And the sweetsmiling bloom, With its fragrant perfume, Where the bobolink sings o'er the way;

The bright smilinar faces about me,

God's common folks that I love most,

With their doubts and their fears,

Their smiles, and their tears,

Making up earth's diversified host.

These I know! for I measure their feelings

By the sum of my own human heart;

And love with its tender revealings

Speaks of these of which I am a part.

So let others desire for the future,

There's that in my nature, somehow,

That shuts out the prospect of Sometime

In the glorious vision of Now!

Lon J. Haddock

Love's Message

BY H. R. MERRILL

He seemed no more than a boy as he opened the neat little gate that led up to the pleasant,.snowcovered cottage that

nestled under the protecting branches of a large tree. He walked

with the strange, halting step that is characteristic of the mendicant.

He knocked on the newlypainted door in a halfhearted manner, as if he were afraid that his knock might be answered.

The door opened, after a moment, and a roughvisaged, unshaved man appeared.

"Mister, could I obtain breakfast from you?"the boy began in a low tone, the tremble that he couldn't keep out of his

voice, indicating his earnestness.

"Certainly, certainly,"the man replied, as he stood aside that the boy might pass.

"I can't pay for it."the lad hastened to say, before he offered to advance. "I'm broke, but if you have something I can

do, I'll be willing to work for it."

The man paused as he looked searchingly into the wan, haggard young face. He leaned against the door, which the boy

evidently thought he was about to close.

"Please don't,"he cried, "I'm hungry. I'll work."

"Work nothin',"the old man bellowed. "You come right in

here."As he closed the door, he sent a blast through his nose

into his handkerchief that fairly shook the door frame. "I reckon

we're not too poor to feed a stranger, air we, Mary?"

An old lady came forward as they entered the kitchen. She

gave the lad a tender, though searching look; a wounded, aching,

mother heart was revealed in the tone of her voice as she replied:

"My boy, you're welcome here. Sit right down there by that

stove and dry them feet. Why them shoes is plumb wet through."

The young tramp took a seat by the fire as the old lady hurried out of the room. In a moment she returned bearing a heavy

pair of woolen socks, and a good, heavy pair of shoes. Her eyes

were shining and her cheeks were flushed, as she laid them upon a chair beside the derelict.

"Now vou git them wet things right off an'put these on this minit; you'll kitch cold."

The lad hardly knew what to do. He attempted to speak,

LOVE'S MESSAGE 939

but could not. The old lady and her kindly ways reminded him,

someway, of another lady he knew,—one not quite so old.

"Now, sonny, you jist put them things on,"the old man said, as he held out the socks. "They're warm."

"But they're new. I can't take them. I haven't any money."

The boy was overwhelmed.-

"Tut, tut, what's money! Money couldn't by them socks

from my wife. There's some things money won't buy, my boy.

Now you jist put 'em on. It'll hurt her if you don't."

The old man picked a stick up from the floor and began to whittle it carefully as the boy removed his ragged and badly soaked shoes.

"You see, we got a boy about your age somewhere,"the old man said in a low voice. "We've been waitin'fer him for

mor'n three years but he hain't come yet. I've about give up

hope, but Mary ain't. She say's he'll surely come some day.

Women air funny that way. She keeps some socks knit up ready,

for she says he'll need 'em sure when he does return; an'every

time a feller like you comes along she gives him a pair, an'it helps a heap. She'll be quite happy, now, until she has another pair

clone. Every time she hears a knock she thinks it's him sure,. an'

!'It ain'tshe says to me, 'Run, William, run, it may be Willie

never been him yet, but I jist can't help but wonder, myself, who it is knockin'as I open the door."

He whittled in silence for a moment.

"You see us old folks is a little lonesome here alone,"he corir tinued after a moment. "I wish he'd come, and I reckon he would

if he jist knew how things are."

He dropped his stick and wiped his nose, deftly wiping his eyes at the same time.

"Hain't you got them stockings on yit?"It was the voice

of the old lady that broke in upon them. "Do hurry, your dinner's

waiting."The lad looked up, and in his eyes were tears.

"I can't put them on."

His face was working and his voice was broken.

"Nonsense, why?"

too."waiting, a mother have "I—I * * * * * * * **

An hour later, the boy walked up to the ticket office of a; in nearby railway station, but in his eyes there was a new light

his voice there was a new ring, as he asked the agent for a ticket.

"Where to?"the ticket man asked.

"Home,"the lad replied, unconsciously voicing the one thought in his mind, as he laid his gift, a glittering gold piece, upon the glass receiver.

PRESTON, IDAHO...

"Prove thy Faith by thy Works"

BY ELDER JAMES E. TALMAGE, OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Faith is a little word, a simple monosyllable with few letters.

Its derivation is beyond question. Its meaning in early English

is plain. Yet it is a word that is ofttimes misused, and which I

am sure is not infrequently misunderstood. It comes to us through

the AngloSaxon from the Latin, and is derived from the same original as our word "fidelity."Faith, therefore, implies fidelity,

includes fidelity, is fidelity.

Much question has arisen as to the relation between faith and belief, and there are many who claim that the two are essentially the same. It is true that in some modern languages we

find but one word to express what in our rich tongue is expressed by the two, faith and belief, the reader or the hearer being left to the context to determine just which is meant. But to hold that

because of that fact our two words have the same meaning, is to violate recognized laws of philology and rules of the right use of English. It were as reasonable to say that because in French

there are no two words to express the essential difference between a house and a home, that therefore there is no difference. Houses

are built of wood, of iron and stone and other materials of earth homes are built of loving deeds and kind affection and sacrifice and service, and yet in some of our modern tongues there are not distinctive terms for the two.

I want to cite you to our best dictionary authority on that matter, in view of the fact that not all are agreed as to just what faith as a term really means. In its general use and sense it

has more than a theological application. We may have faith in

the undertakings of men. We may have faith in men themselves,

as well as in their words and their testimony. The most recent

and most reliable authority that I could cite, The New Standard

Dictionary, gives the definition of faith as follows:

Faith—a firm conviction of the truth of what is declared by another by way either of testimony or authority, without other evidence; belief in what another states, affirms or testifies simply on

the ground of his truth or veracity, especially (as distinguished from mere belief) practical dependence on a person, statement or thing as trustworthy; fiducial as opposed to merely intellectual belief; trust,

*Sermon delivered at the afternoon session of the M. I. A. Conference, Sunday, June 14, 1914. Reported for the Era by F. E. Barker.

"PROVE THY FAITH BY THY WORKS."941

as faith in a friend (as sincere and true), faith in his advice (as with and good), faith in his efforts (as likely to be efficacious)."

In the more restricted and theological usage, the word is thus defined by the same authority.

"In theology faith means the assent of the mind or understanding to the truth of what God has revealed; belief in the testimony of

God as contained in the Scriptures; a divinely wrought, loving and

hearty reliance upon God and his promise of salvation through Christ, or upon the Christian religion as revealing the grace of God in

Christ, sometimes called justifying or saving faith, as, we are saved by faith."Concerning this justifying faith, I quote from the New

SchaffHerzog Encyclopedia, wherein we read "In general it may be said that there exists in modern Protestant theology an agreement on the following points: 1. Faith does

not originate from logical processes but from an immediate inner experience. 2. It is not a human achievement, and not the acknowledgment of a human authority, but an effect of God through

his revelation."

It is admitted that in early English, belief was the equivalent of what is now commonly called faith; but in middle and modern

English, the term belief has been confined mainly to the purely intellectual process, excluding the moral element of trust or confidence embraced in faith. By way of illustration, faith in Jesus

Christ is belief in Jesus Christ, plus absolute confidence and trust in him. It is admitted that a man may exercise a mental assent,

or give mental consent, to any proposition, and he may justly say he believes it; but if that be all, the man has belief only and not

faith. Belief is the mechanism, like a locomotive standing with

; faith is the fire and tank empty and firebox cold upon the track

it work such the resulting steam that gives it power and makes miracles as had never been dreamed of in days of yore. Faith is

vitalized, energized, dynamic belief. What doth it profit a man

to sit down and say to himself that he believes a thing, or even in his to profess aloud that he believes it? Is there such force

mental assent as to accomplish anything? Strange, is it not,

that there are yet those who hold that the use of the term belief in the Holy Scriptures means empty, intellectual, negative belief, and that alone? Because of the fact, already cited, that in

early English the term belief was used as a synonym of faith, we find it occurring and recurring in our translation of the Scriptures given to us as the Holy Bible, when by the context it is absolutely plain, and. bv derivation beyond all question, that living belief,

or actual faith, was intended, and that the term meaning this did occur in the original.

This use of the term faith as a synonym of belief has led to

942 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the development of the dogma that the scriptures teach that man may be justified before God by belief alone. This conception has

been developed into the doctrine of justification by faith. But

such faith as is referred to and proclaimed by the advocates and defenders of that dogma, is faith that is inactive and dead. It is

nothing more than unproductive belief. The scriptures are explicit in telling us that faith is requisite to our proper service before God. Can we hold that that should be or could be meant

to imply that belief alone is the requisite which God demands of those who profess his name? The Saints of old, in the exercise

of their belief, became at times very intolerant. They knew

they had the truth, and the truth, I believe you will find, if you analyze the question carefully, is essentially intolerant. When

one knows he has the truth, it is difficult for him to treat with patience and toleration that which he knows to be untrue. James,

an Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ, found it necessary to warn the people against belief as a saving principle if left to stand alone. He spoke to them in this wise, in this spirit and to this

effect: "You profess a belief in the Christ. You do well. You are

distinguished from all the pagans by whom you are surrounded, for they believe not in Christ; they worship the unknown god.

is the ReYou have a knowledge and a conviction that Christ deemer, the foreordained Savior of mankind. But this is not

enough; the devils have as much belief as you in that sense."A

very bold statement, yet one that is fully substantiated by scriptures that were earlier than the writings of James.

You will remember that when the Master went into the land of the Gadarenes he met there"one possessed of an evil spirit, one who was a terror to all who knew him. He could not be bound

he could not be confined. The people were all afraid of him.

And when he saw the Christ he approached, and the evil spirit within him cried out for mercy, calling our Lord, "Jesus, Son of the Most High God."On another occasion, when Jesus was

followed by a great multitude from Jerusalem, and from Idumea, and from Tyre and Sidon, there were many amongst the crowd likewise possessed, and those evil spirits testified before them all, and said: "Thou art the Son of God."If you would have

further instance, consider that of the unclean spirit that possessed the man in the synagogue, who before being rebuked by the Christ, cried out: "I know thee, who thou art; thou art the

Holy One of God."Think you that any of those to whom James

uttered his word of warning could bear a stronger testimony than that? But yet, did the belief benefit those evil spirits, or did it

but serve to condemn them the more? How different that from

the testimony of Peter, who when put to the test, after citing what other people said of the Lord, when asked, "Whom say ye that I am?"answered, from his heart which was running over

"PROVE THY FAITH BY THY WORKS."943

with the spirit of worship, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living the same words in which those devils had God"—almost

testified. And yet that belief in the heart of Peter led to sacrifice, to works, to effort. It was a saving faith, absolutely distinct

from the mere belief of the mind.

The Apostle Paul is often cited as one who taught that faith alone would save, and the dogma, the false doctrine, the teaching that is an abomination in the eyes of God, if we may judge his acceptance by his own word, is founded very largely upon what modern theologians have come to call Paulinism. It is true

that Paul warned against the thought that men could be justified and made acceptable unto the Lord by mere outward acts embraced in the law of Moses, for the law had found its fulfilment in the gosrel, and he tried to make the people understand, that though they complied with the law in everv particular, in making good their tithes of mint, anise and cummin, in their sacrificing, in their saving their pravers, in their alms ostentatiously given, that though they did all these things they wee not acceptable unto God without an abiding faith in the Lord Tesus Christ. He

did so teach them; but I venture to affirm, and I may safely challenge contradiction, that the spirit of all of Paul's writings is to

the effect that when he thus spoke of a savins: faith he meant

faith; he did not mean mere belief, but belief plus the works

which that belief comprises and postulates, and such combination is faith.

I do not realize that we need to speak of faith and works as distinct from each other. There is no true faith without works.

It is only belief if the works be left out. And in that sense, the

sense in which Paul, the scholar, the student of language, the master of philosophv of his dav, used the term, he meant bv the it hasuse of the term faith, faith as God understands it, faith as been declared in the divine word, which means work, effort, sacrifice, service. Yet belief in the dogma of justification by faith

alone was carried to such an extreme as to lead to blasphemy.

By way of illustration: Martin Luther, taking issue with the

Roman Catholic church, proclaimed that man was not to be justified by his works, and could not be saved by works, but could be saved whollv through the profession of faith in the

Lord Jesus Christ. His language reads: "The excellent, infallible and sole preparation for grace is the eternal election and

predestination of God."This would rob us of agency and of

free will: and indeed, he declared on another occasion that since

: "Athe fall of man free will is but an idle word. And again

man who imagines to arrive at grace by doing all that he is able to do adds sin to sin. and is doublv guilty."Much as Luther

a servant of God—he mixedaccomplished for good—and he was

his truth with error, and the most glaring of his errors is that!H4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

declaration that works are not requisite to service in the cause of truth. On one occasion, according to the historian D'Aubigne,

Luther became so full of the spirit of pride in the proclamation of his false doctrine that he delivered himself as follows, referring to the fact that there were many doctors of the law and doctors of divinity who taught that man must work to obtain salvation:

"I. Doctor Martin Luther, unworthy herald of the gospel of our

Lord Jesus Christ, confess this article, that faith alone without works justifies before God. And I declare that it shall stand and remain

forever, in despite of the emperor of the Romans, the emperor of the Turks, the emperor of the Persians, in spite of the pope and all the cardinals, with the bishops, priests, monks and nuns, in spite of kings, princes and nobles, and in spite of all the world, and of the devils themselves; and if they endeavor to fight against this truth

they will draw the fires of hell upon their heads. This is the true

and holy gospel, and the declaration of me, Doctor Martin Luther, according to the teachings of the Holy Ghost."

In reference to the oft repeated statement that Paul justifies the doctrine, and that he positively taught that faith was not necessarily associated with works, I need only refer to his epistles, particularly to those written to the Romans and the Ephesians.

Time will not permit me to read them to you, but the 11th chapter of the Epistle to the Hebrews is particularly explicit. Paul begins that chapter with a definition of faith:

"Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. For by it the elders obtained a good report.

Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear."

Evidently there was work there, effort, achievement, constructive work. No mere operation of a mind, human or divine,

without application and action would produce any such effect as that. He c; fes instances of work accomplished by Abel, by Enoch,

by Abraham, by Isaac, Jacob, Moses, and then, lacking time, he says:

"And what shall T more say? for the time would fail me to tell of

Gideon, and of Barak, and of Samson, and of Japhthae, of David also, and Samuel, and of the prophets; who through faith subdued

kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, cmenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens. Women received their

dead raised to life again: and others were tortured, not accepting deliverance; that they might obtain a better resurrection. And others

had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings, yea, moreover of bonds and imprisonment. They were stoned, they were sawn asunder,

were tempted, were slain with the sword; they wandered about in

sheepskins and goatskins; being: destitute, afflicted, tormented; (of

whom the world was not worthy); they wandered in deserts, and in

mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth."

"PROVE THY FAITH BY THY WORKS"945

Compare with that the declaration of James already referred to as one who decried the efficacy of mere belief, though it were founded upon actual knowledge. In the second chapter of the

Epistle of James, we read:

"What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say that he hath faith, and have not works? Can faith save him? If a brother or

sister be naked, and destitute of daily food, and one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwithstanding ye

give them not those things which are needful to the body, what doth it profit? Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.

Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works; show me

thy faith without thy works, and I will show thee my faith by my works * * * For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also."

In many of the commentaries upon that scripture we find special attention given to the fact that in the first verse read we find this expression: "What doth it profit, my brethren, that a

man say that he hath faith,"it being made to appear that in reality he had not faith but only said he had, and so falsified. I

take it that that is a proper commentarv. What doth it profit a

man though he say, "I have faith."if he does nothing to make

good that profession of his faith? He might have an empty form

of belief, certainly not faith, for faith. I repeat, includes, and necessarily implies, work, action and service. Many of you may remember, that the great city of Hamburg was once smitten with

pestilence. The people were dying in such numbers that a regular system of collecting the dead was inaugurated. It was required that at any house in which there lay a corpse a red cloth

should be hung out of the window, and the officers making their nxt rounds would call at that house and carry away the dead to be buried in the common field. A man of science, working in his

laboratory, sought the cause of the deadly disease, and he found; t. He discovered that by far the greater number of fatalities

were limited to a certain district, and that district was supplied with water from the old waterworks. The other part of the c'tv

obtained its supply of water from a new plant, and was not so sorely smitten, and in the few cases of death occurring in the more favored oortion of the citv. it was found that the victims had

visited the other section and had drunk of the watr there. He

examined the water chemicallv. rm'crosconicallv, and actuallv saw

for himself, through the wonderful lens, the eerms of cholera in the water, living organisms, that bad can ced tbdestruction f c it wasmany human lives. Tt was no matter of belief with him.

a matter of actual knowledge, superior to mere belief. He proclaimed the fact that the water was the cause of the pestilence, and

warned the people against drinking anv but freshly boiled water, the boiling process beingeffective in destroying the deathdealing germs. Thousands within that citv not onlv believed him, but

946 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had faith in him; they boiled the water used in their households,

and escaped the pestilence. Others, who had not faith, whatever

their state of belief may have been, drank and died. But, mark

you, this tragic incident: Complete as was his knowledge, that

knowledge of itself could not save him. On one occasion, either

through forgetful.ness or mistake, or through some other cause

not known to us, he, the savior of so many, drank unboiled water, and his body was taken with the rest to the common grave.

I want to put the question to you, my brethren and sisters, vou of the Mutual Improvement organizations, you who profess by the very name you have assumed to be working for betterment, your own betterment and the betterment of your fellows: What

are you doing to prove your faith? Have you anything better

than empty belief? Anything that shall stand you in better stead

than a mere thought can do? Do you believe in God? Have you

faith in him? Is your belief that of fear, knowing him to be a

God who can call you to account, and therefore you fear him?

Or is it the belief coupled with the allegiance that will make of that belief saving faith. If you have faith in him, you believe

his words, and you know that you are his sons and daughters.

That faith should make you strong in the doing of his will, the keeping of his commandments, the working out of his plans and purposes, else it profiteth you not at all. Are you following the

examples of your fathers and your mothers, who gave to the world one of the most sublime examples of faith the world has ever seen, in their iourney from the civilization of the east, across the plains, across the deserts, across the mountains, because they had faith in God and those who represented him?

Can vou ever surpass the achievement of that memorable day in July, 1847, when the vanguard of the pioneer band came down into this valley? They had with them a little grain, a few

ootitoes, a little handful, as it were, of seed for crops. Well

might they have said: We are sure of these few bushels; let us

ct. But no, they went out and cast the seed into the desert soil,

all thev had. because of their abiding faith in God that he would

give them the increase. I commend unto you the reasonableness

of the course. This eospel of the kingdom is a gospel of common sense, and ther- N no sense nor reason in saying that a man

can believe in God and have faith in him, and do not what is required of him by the Lord God. Show me vour faith by your

works, whether those works be positive, as of actual labor and actual struggle in the cause of good, or whether you be called upon to perform that negative labor of forbearance and endurance and suffering, whereby vou testify your acceptance of the words of

God and of his saving gospel. I thank the Lord this gospel is

reasonable, based upon the principles of human common sense, demanding at our hands sacrifice and effort. We need a Re-

"PROVE THY FAITH BY THY WORKS"947

deemer. Without Christ man cannot be saved. He shall be redeemed whether he be good or evil, whether his life has been one

of righteousness or unrighteousness; he shall be redeemed from

death and brought to a resurrection; but he shall not be saved, far

less exalted, unless he combines his efforts with his reliance upon the saving sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Brethren and sisters, peace be with you. Be ye faithful, and

show your faith by your works, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

S. MEETING HOUSETHIRD WARD, BRIGHAM CITY, L. D.

This building was erected in 191112, and was dedicated May 19, 1912, by President Joseph F. Smith. It is built of brick, with cement

foundation, and cost $35,000, including furniture and grounds. The

main building measures 50 by 80 feet, and the annex 20 by 24 feet—30

feet to the square, and contains fifteen rooms. The main hall with the

gallery seats one thousand people, and the main room of the basement, four hundred. Shreeve & Madsen, architects. The eight by

ten rods of land in connection with the building, is being improved by the planting of lawns and shrubs. The building is steamheated and

electriclighted, and is considered one of the handsomest churches in tiie state.

Nineteenth General Annual Conference of

I. A. the Y. M. and Y. L. M.

June 12, 13, and 14, 1914.

The nineteenth general annual conference of the Young

Men's and Young Ladles'Mutual Improvement Associations convened June 12. The opening joint meeting was held in the Assembly Hall. Elder Heber J. Grant presided, and in his address

of welcome greeted the many officers and workers. He thanked

them for their support and assistance during thepastyear, and congratulated them on the success of the M. I. A. work. The congregation sang, "High on the Mountain Top,"and the invocation

was given by President Francis M. Lyman. Melvin Read rendered a solo.

The first topic, "The Adjustment of Joint Work,"was taken up by Elder Edward H. Anderson. He called attention to suggestions made by the General Board on the opening and closing

time for the winter class work. All preliminary meetings of the

young ladies should be held in September, and the lesson work of both associations should begin together in October. Conforming with these suggestions, the lesson work can be carried out

without confusion, and the young men's activities will not interfere with the young ladies meetings, of which complaint has heretofore been made. There should be no interference with the regular manual lessons each month. He touched briefly on the use of

the suggestive joint and open night programs, prepared by the

General Board, and advised the appointment in the various stakes of joint committees, to prepare specific and detailed programs of meetings in the wards, thereby obviating conflicts which had heretofore been reported. Here is a suggested schedule for meetings

on week nights and on Sunday nights

October—Tuesday. Octot>er—Sunday.

6. No work planned. 4. Joint meeting.

13. Open night—opening joint 11. Lesson.

social. 18. Lesson.

20. Lesson. 25. Optional, or appropriate

27. Lesson. open night program may

be given if so desired.

November—Tuesday. November—Sunday.

3. Lesson. 1. Joint meeting.

10. Lesson. 8. Lesson.

17. Lesson. 15. Lesson.

24. Open night. 22. Lesson.

29. Optional or open night.

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF M. I. A. 949

December—Tuesday. December—Sunday.

1. Lesson. 6. Joint meeting.

8. Lesson. 13. Lesson.

15. Lesson. 20. Lesson.

22. Open night. 27. Lesson.

29. Optional.

January—Tuesday. January—Sunday.

5. Lesson. 3. Joint meeting.

12. Lesson. 10. Lesson.

19. Lesson review, you ng men; 17. Lesson.

testimony, young lad ies. 24. Lesson review, young men;

26. Open night. testimony, young ladies.

31. Optional or open night.

February—Tuesday. February—Sunday.

2. Lesson. 7. Joint meeting.

9. Lesson. 14. Lesson..

16. Lesson review, young men; 21. Lesson.

testimony, young lad ies. 28. Lesson review, young men;

23. Open night. testimony, young ladies.

March—Tuesday. March—-Sunday.

2. Lesson. 7. Joint meeting.

9. Lesson. 14. Lesson.

16. Lesson review, young men; 21. Lesson.

testimony, young lad ies. 28. Lesson review, young men;

23. Lesson. testimony, young ladies.

30. Open night.

Associations meeting on Sunday evenings may do the work planned for open nights on such week nights as suit their convenience, or on optional nights. Where Sunday nights are used

for open night programs, the subjects must, of course, be appropriate for the Sabbath..

Definite preliminary and open night programs, and definite order of business for joint officers'meetings were discussed by

Sister Edith R. Lovesy, of the Y. L. M. I. A. She emphasized

the need of system and endorsed Elder Anderson's recommendation that the printed programs be followed. She advised that the

stake officers of both organizations hold regular meetings at which programs for all wards for at least two months ahead should be prepared..

separate officers The value of a definite order of business m meetings, which the speaker suggested should precede the joint sessions, was also discussed, and an order of business was outlined for the use of the officers. Special emphasis was laid on the importance of system in time and length of sessions. She suggested

that the officer in charge of meetings should see to it that no discussion foreign to the purpose of the meetings be permitted to come upevervthing should be definite and systematized. Unity

is equally important, and back of every activity of the officers should be the desire to help others as well as to fortify themselves.

950 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The mixed double quartet, which took first place in District

Brigham City, Utah, O. A. Whitaker, conductor.

Sister Emily C. Adams led the discussion on "Joint Contest

Work."The majority of the stakes enthusiastically favored contest work. She reported that between 6,000 and 7,000 M. I. A.

workers had taken part during the past year in the contests. She

pointed out that a large number of contestants had received only a public school education, and this work affords some of the educational possibilities of the high school. The speaker encouraged

all the stakes and wards to take part in the work next year. There

is need of originality in the work and stake officers are encouraged to take the initiative. The fear of failure and the contentions that result from contest judgments are so few and insignificant, that the improvement and satisfaction far outweigh them.

There is no defeat so long as there remains determination to repeat the effort.

Oscar A. Kirkham outlined the events for the 191415 contests, announcing that the short drama is to be included, this year,

in contest events. This is especially designed for ward, stake and

district contests, but not for finals at the June conference. He

repeated the rules and regulations governing the contests, the giving of per cents, and points for judgment, as follows

ACTIVITIES TO BE TAKEN UP AT THE GENERAL JUNE

CONFERENCE, 1915.

Mote.—In order to make clear to the officers what will be done in

contest work at the annual June Conference, and to aid them in the selection of their own work, the following activities have been outlined by the General Boards:

I. Advanced Senior Public Speaking—10 Min"tt?

Points for judgment:

1. The idea—20 per cent. 2. The development—50 per cent.

a. Introduction.

(1) Simple, direct, earnest, suggestive of material to follow. b. Body. (1) Develop theme which should be persuasive rather than merely materof-fact.

c. Summary.

(1) General conclusion taken from the body of address.

d. Original.

(1) No long quotations should be given.

(2) Sincerity..

3. Delivery—30 per cent.

Note.—Consult models such as Lincoln, Webster, Woodrow Wilson, Sumner, Wendell Phillips, Nicholas Murray Butler.

Annual conference of m. i. A. 951

II. Senior Public Speaking—10 Minutes.

Points for judgment same as Advanced Senior.

III. Junior Retold Story—10 Minutes.

Points for judgment:

1. Selection—25 per cent. 2. Delivery—45 per cent.

a. Simple, earnest, direct.

b. Pronunciation, enunciation, and grammar.

c. Give proper value to parts.

3. Get the author's message and tell it in your own words—30

per cent'.

IV. Mixed Double Quartet.—Open to all members of the Associations.

a. Male Quartet, "One Sweetly Solemn Thought"(Key of C)—

Parks. Published by J. A. Parks & Co., York, Nebraska;

price, 15 cents. To be sung unaccompanied.

b. Ladies'Quartet, "Lullaby"(Key of G)—C. B. Hawley. Published by Schirmer, New York; price, 10 cents. To be

sung unaccompanied.

c. Mixed Double Quartet, "Lead, Kindly Light"(Key of E

Flat). By Dudley Buck. Published by Oliver Ditson,

New York; price, 10 cents. To be sung with organ or piano

accompaniment.

The three numbers are to be sung by the members of the same group. Points for judgment: 1. Interpretation as per musical markings and text—15 per cent.

2. Expression and phrasing—15 per cent.

cent. 3. Tone quality—15 per

cent. 4. Blending and Balance—10 per 5. Reading (producing proper notes)—10 per cent.

cent. 6. Tempo—10 per

cent. 7. Pitch—10 per

cent. 8. Enunciation and pronunciation—10 per

cent. 9. Attack and release—5 per

Note—The male quartets, the ladies'quartets and the mixed

double quartets will be entitled to contest separately; but all members

of the male and ladies'quartets in order to be entitled to compete separately must be members of the successful contesting mixed double quartets. nine members. or Girls'Chorus—Six V Junior part song by A. C. McKenzie- G)-three Bells"(Key of "Distant

To be sung with organ or piano accompaniment..Published

by Novello, New York; price, 10 cents

Points for judgment same as Mixed Double Quartet.

members. or nine Chorus—Six Boys'VI. Junior Three parts: 1st and Stephens) Chorus"(Evan Boys''Scou'changed for part and third voices for unchanged "parts 2nd all Salt sale by For in August. published be Will voices

Lake music dealers; 10 cents per copy, or $1 per dozen.

Points for judgment same as Mixed Double Quartet.

VII Short Drama—For Ward, Stake District, Stake and InterStake,

not for June Conference.,

For detailed instructions on this event see September Era and

Journal. 952 IMPROVEMENT ERA CHURCH DISTRICTS.

In order to obviate the overcrowding of time at the general

Church finals in June, the stakes of the Church have been grouped in seventeen districts for tryouts. See Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book, page

54, and the Journal, September, 1914.

The stake superintendents and presidents of Y. M. and Y. L. M.

I. A. of the stakes starred will take the initiative in arranging for

stake finals in their districts, following the same general plan given for the grand finals. In the holding of Church district meets, any

variance from the general plan should be agreed upon by the different slakes and a copy of same placed in the hands of all the contestants in that district.

RULES AND REGULATIONS.

Only winners in ward tryouts may enter in stake district and stake tryouts, and only winners in stake tryouts may enter in Church district tryouts. Only winners in Church districts will be eligible for

entry for the finals in Salt Lake City, in June, 1915. A contestant must

be an active member of a Mutual Improvement Association.

In literary events, contestants must not exceed the time allotted.

One of the judges in each of the different events may give constructive criticism at the close of the exercises.

First and second places should be given in each event in order that where it is impossible for the winner of first place to go on in further contests, the one taking second place may take up the work.

Church district tryouts should be held not later than May 20.

All musical numbers must be sung in the key in which they are written.

In unaccompanied numbers the chord should be struck before and after the rendition of the number.

Contestants in music should render the numbers as indicated by the composer's musical markings.

All musical numbers are for sale by music dealers.

A Junior Boy is all active member of the association, who has passed his twelfth anniversary, but who has not passed his seventeenth. Any boy who has passed his sixteenth anniversary and who

has not yet passed his seventeenth when the season starts may be considered a junior in all contest work.

A Junior Girl is an active member of the association who has passed her fourteenth anniversary, but who has not yet passed her seventeenth. Any girl who has passed her sixteenth anniversary and

who has not yet passed her seventeenth when the season starts may be considered a junior in all contest work.

Advanced Senior. School teachers, exschool teachers, lawyers,

doctors, and college graduates who are officers or members of the associations will compete in the advanced senior class.

Senior Class. Active members of the association who are not

juniors or advanced seniors will compete in the senior class.

The names of all winners in Church district contests should be forwarded as soon as known to the General Secretaries. Superintendents of the starred stakes are requested to furnish this information.

Gold medals will be awarded to the winners in the advanced senior and senior events, and silver medals to the juniors in the grand finals to be held at the June Conference in Salt Lake City, 1915.

Expenses and transportation should be borne by the individuals themselves who participate; however, the stakes or the organizations

may assist.

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF M. I. A. 953

The stake and Church districts that desire added activities, other than those named to be taken up in the June Conference, may engage in athletics, scout work, debates, declamations, instrumental music, duets, trios, etc., in their various contests, but latter events named

here will not be used in the General Church finals to be held in Salt

Lake City. all contest work. Ward A definite understanding should be had in

and stake officers in making out their plans for preliminary programs and open nights, should plan these events at the beginning of the year's work...

The percentage alloted to the different points of judgment make a total of 100, which indicates perfection. Contestants will te judged

accordingly.

Rules governing ward, stake, or Church district contests should not interfere with the foregoing rules and regulations.

All officers, contestants and judges should be furnished with a copy of all rules and regulations governing contest work.

I. A. For further information on this subject see the Y. M. M.

Hand Book, page 49 and 64, and future numbers of the Era and

Journal.

I. A. NORMAL COURSE AND EDUCATIONAL THE M

CAMPAIGN.

I. A. have made arThe General Boards of the Y. M. and Y. L. M.

rangements with four of the leading Church Schools to give a special for M. LA. a great opportunity be This will Course. NormalMIA coming leadership. The benefits for themselves prepare officers to

of ofthe type on largely will depend the ward organizations to home to native power their and courses who attend these ficers or members lead.

I. A. NORMAL COURSE OUTLINE. THE M.

The following topics will be handled daily:

Y. M. M. I. A.

Management, and Organization A. M. I. I Y M as text. Book"I. A. Hand M. 'a. M. "Y.

II. Manuals and Reading Course.

a. Contents and methods of teaching manual.

b. Review of Reading Course books.

III. Athletics and Scout Work.

a. First aid.

b. Scoutcraft.

c. Athletics and athletic direction.

d. Outdoor and indoor games.

Y. L. M. I. A.

I. Organization and Management.

a. "Y. L. M. I. A. Instructions to Officers."

II. Senior and Junior Lesson Work.

a. Methods of teaching.

b. Demonstration.

954 IMPROVEMENT ERA

III. Reading Course.

a. Value of reading habit.

b. Duties of ward and stake librarians.

c. Review of reading course books.

IV. Helps for Supplementary Work.

a. Missionary work.

1. Instruction for the protection of our girls.

b. Domtstic art.

c. First aid to the injured.

JOINT WORK.

I. Social Work.

a. Social dancing.

b. Ballroom etiquet and management.

c. Games d. M. I. A. social hour.

II. Intellectual Activities..

a. Public speaking.

b. Stories.

c. Drama. d. Music direction.

The cost of the course should not exceed $1 per week.

The officers or members in attendance should be made to understand that the course is given not only for their information but to prepare them for leadership in the M. I. A. work, which they should

feel obligated to take up in their home wards when the course is finished.

This course will be given in the Brigham Young University, Provo;

in the Brigham Young College, Logan; in the Weber Stake Academy,

Ogden; and in the Snow Academy, Ephraim, beginning about the middle ot November, and closing at the Christmas holidays.

Workers from all parts of the Church are invited to attend any one of these courses.

SPECTAL EDUCATIONAL CAMPAIGN BY FIELD SECRETARY AND SCOUT COMMISSIONER OF THE Y. M. M. I. A. AND TWO MEMBERS OF THE

Y. L. M. I. A. BOARD.

There will be a threedays'session in the following Church schools on the dates named, to give general and detailed instruction in M. I. A.

work, designed to prepare leaders. A careful plan covering the three

days will be made, and as much as possible of the subject matter outlined for the M. I. A. normal course, will be used.

Both the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. of each ward should have at

these special sessions one or more capable leaders willing to take up this important work with the young people in their wards. Stake superintendents and presidents are requested to have a stake representative in attendance.

North Trip.

October 19, 20, 21—Knight Academy, Canada.

Oct. 26, 27, 28—Big Horn Academy, Wyoming.

Nov. 2, 3, 4—Ricks, Academy. Nov. 9, 10, 11—Cassia Academy. Nov. 16, 17, 18—Fielding Academy.

Nov. 23, 24, 25—Oneida Academy.

Nov. 30, Dec. 1, 2—Weber Academy.

Saints'University. Dec. 7, 8, 9—Latterday

University. Dec. 14, 15, 16—Brigham Young

Dec. 21, 22, 23—Brigham Young College.

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF M. I. A. 955

South Trip.

Sept. 19 to 23—Uintah.

Oct. 19, 20, 21—Emery.

Nov. 2. 3, 4—Millard.

Nov. 23, 24, 25—Snowflake.

Nov. 30, Dec. 1, 2—St. Johns.

Dec. 7, 8, 9—Thatcher.

Nov. 9, 10, 11—Murdock.

Nov. 16, 17, 18—St. George.

Dec. 14, 15, 16—Maricopa.Dec. 21, 22, 23—Snow.

Have representatives go to Church schools in their respe.tive

Church school districts.

In redistricting the Church, Boise stake is added to District 10. A new district including Millard, Deseret, and Moapa stakes

has been formed to be known as District No. 17. Brother Kirkham praised the contest work, and told of instances of its remarkable help to young people. (See Hand Book, p. 54.)

Mrs. Mary Merrill, president of the Pocatello stake Y. L. M.

I. A., reported the results of contest work in that stake. It had

improved attendance, interest, regularity, and general conditions.

Mrs. Laura S..Tanner reported contest work in both organizations in Pioneer, stake. The results this year, in that stake, had

impressed the officers that the continuance of the contests is justified.

The mixed double quartet from Brigham City that won first place in District No. 8 sang "Lullaby."O. A. Whitaker, conductor.

Elder Thomas Hull of the General Board spoke on "Social

Activities and Summer Work."The word social is used as it

applies to the association of individuals and organizations, and not in the sense that society places upon it. The spirit of unrest and

change is in the air, and in order to prevent the young peop'from going wrong, such varying entertainments are needed as will keep them directed properly. He advised the M. I. A. social committees to take the initiative in creating entertainments to be given

in the wards each month. The following three kinds of social entertainments were suggested: A home gathering each month, to

be held at the homes under the control of the heads of families; a

home musical, to be conducted by the committee in one or more homes in the ward; and a social dance, in which proper dances,

proper deportment, introductions, and dress, should be taught.

Elder Hull emphasized the need of chaperones for the young people, and the need of escorts for the girls. The new dances may be

enjoyed when porperly taught and danced. Plays at the theater

and motion picture offerings should be investigated and recommended or not, according to their merits.

The congregation sang "Sowing,"and Sister Maria Y. Dougall pronounced the benediction,

956 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I. A. OFFICERS'MEETING

The officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. met in a separate meeting

held in the Assembly Room in the Bishop's Building at 1 o'clock.

Elder Heber J. Grant presided. The congregation sang "Now

Let Us Rejoice in the Day of Salvation,"and Elder James G.

McKay of Ogden stake offered the invocation, followed by a violin solo by Prof. W. C. Clive.

Elder Preston D. Richards was the first speaker, his subject

being "The Right Man."He laid special emphasis on the necessity of securing a man as leader of the association, and as head of

each particular activity, who had native ability, whose heart was in the particular work assigned to him, who was optimistic, hoperight lead and direct our organiful and prayerful,—the man,—to

zations, if we would have them successful. Elder Richards related

several incidents showing how the right man had made a success of what seemed failure.

Supt. George E. Finlinson led in the discussion, stating that

work and perseverance coupled with patience are the greatest elements of success, and Mutual workers must not only be good but be good for something.

Supt. James G. McKay offered as a suggestion that we consult bishops of wards and presidents of stakes in relation to selecting men as officers, and that we find out what they are best adapted

for and assign that particular work to them.

A general discussion followed as to how to get rid of the wrong man and how to secure the right man, etc.

"Problems in Athletics and Scout Work"was the subject discussed by Elder Lyman R. Martineau. He said the summer time

was the best time to take up athletic and scout work. Win the

boy in the summer, get him interested in the work so that when the class work commences in the fall he will be willing and anxious to take part in that department also. Teach the boys to be good

sportsmen, to win and to lose well, and to be clean and fair in their sports. He suggested that the associations try to get the

wayward boys interested in this work, to let them take part in the sports, but not to represent the association in any meets until they have complied with the rules.

Some objections had been raised to scout work, on the grounds that the boys were rowdy and uncontrollable, but he stated that where scout work was properly taken up, properly organized and managed, that it had solved these very problems in associations where the boys had been unruly. He urged that all

the associations get the work organized and where assistance was needed the M. I. A. Scout Commissioner, Dr. John H. Taylor,

would be pleased to aid them in every way possible.

A discussion followed as to rules for entering athletic meets,

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF M. I. A. 957

who should be allowed to enter these, and how the meets should be governed.

Elder B. S. Hinckley spoke on "The Reading Course,"pointing out the value of reading and the opportunity it offers to those

who have not had the advantage of high school or university training. He called attention to the fact that this year one book for

the senior and one book for the junior class had been adopted with the idea that these books were especially to be pushed, and that officers were to get as many as possible to read them. In addition

they had recommended several other books for both classes, all of which could be read with profit.

Y. M. M. I. A. READING COURSE, 191415

For Seniors:

"Their Yesterdays."Harold Bell Wright, price 50c.

"The Story and Philosophy of Mormonism,"Talmage, price 35c.

"The Fair God,"General Lew Wallace, price 50c.

For Juniors:

"Chester Lawrence,"Nephi Anderson, price 75c.

The other books for the Juniors will be named later.

Elders A. W. Ivins and Joseph F. Smith, Jr., of the Council

of the Twelve, then gave brief talks on The Fair God and Their

Yesterdays, two of the books recommended for the seniors.

Singing, "Lord Dismiss Us with Thy Blessing,"and the benediction was pronounced by Elder James E. Hart, of Boise stake.

LITERARY AND MUSICAL TRYOUTS

In the afternoon at 3 o'clock, the tryouts in oratory, retold stories, and music were held, the details of which follow

The following are the senior orations as presented at the tryout at the Bishop's Building, June 12, 1914:

Roy Purcell, "Perseverance,"Utah stake, District No. 10.

Grant Young, "True to the Faith,"Taylor stake, District No. 1.

Albert Anderson, "The Evil Story,"St. George stake, District

Lois Bennion, "Education,"Duchesne stake, District No. 16.

Leone Rich, "Beyond the Alps Lies Our Italy,"Star Valley stake,

District No. 9.

R. V. McCullough, "The Master Orator,"Liberty stake, District

Henry Jensen, "Brigham Young the Man of the Hour,"Ogden stake. District No. 8.

John E. Russell, "The Value of Opportunity,"Fremont stake, District No. 4.

Eva Joy Nielsen, "The Past and Future of Utah,"South Sanpete stake, District No. 11.

Marion Rogers, "The Scattered Nation,"Snowflake stake, District No. 15.

Out of these were selected for the final tryouts on Saturday evening, R. V. McCullough and John E. Russell.

The advanced senior orations were given at the tryouts in the following order:

958 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Clifford S. Wilson, "My Debt,"Teton stake, District No. 4.

Jean Brown, "The Gospel of Human Service,"Parowan stake,

District No. 12.

Betilah World, "The Bible,"Salt Lake stake, District No. 9.

C. P. Olsen, "Our Birthright as Sons and Daughters of the Pioneers,"North Sanpete stake, District No. 11.

Angus Maughan, "The Saloon Evil,"Oneida stake, District No. 7.

Out of the above Clifford S. Wilson and Beulah World were selected to contest in the finals on Saturday evening. Judges: Judge

Chas. H. Hart, Preston D. Richards, Josephine Chambers.

On Saturday evening in the Assembly Hall in the senior orations

R. V. McCullough of Liberty stake, District No. 9, won, "The Master

Orator"being the title of his oration; in the advanced senior orations

Beulah World of Salt Lake stake, District No. 9, won, the title of her

oration being "The Bible."Judges: Dr. F. S. Harris, State Agricultural College, Logan; Miss Alice Reynolds, Brigham Young University, Provo; John Henry Evans, Latterday Saints University, Salt

Lake City.

The following entered in the retold stories:

Lillian Marcus, "The Land of the Blue Flower,"Cassia stake,

District No. 5.

Mamie Corbett, "The Story of David,"Bannock stake, District

Annie Timmons, "The Land of the Blue Flower,"Benson stake,

District No. 7.

Leah Pardoe, "The Happy Prince,"Weber stake, District No. 8.

Belle Smith, "The Lost Chord,"Pioneer stake, District

Lucile Harvey, "The Diamond Necklace,"Alpine stake,

District No. 10.

Annie Woodbury, "Enoch Arden,"St. George stake, District No. 12.

Vera R. Jennings, "Tom

Redford's Luck,"Snowflake stake, District No. 15.

Grace Brandley, "The Great Wall City,"Taylor stake, District No. 1.

Lawrence Ripplinger, "Tramp Story,"Blackfoot stake,

District No. 4.

Miss Larsen, "Where Love is God is Also"North Sanpete stake, District No. 11.

Josie Foutz, "Land of the Blue Flower,"Young stake, District No. 13.

Fontella Stone, "Courage,"Uintah stake District No. 16.

Out of these were selected MISS BELLE SMITH for the final tryouts, Miss Belle

Winner in retold story contest. Smith, and Miss Grace Brandley. Miss Belle Smith of Pioneer stake won out in the final ler story being "The Lost Chord.

Judges, Friday: John Henry Evans, Adam Bennion, Angie Hool

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF M. I. A. 959

brook. Judges, Saturday: Dr. F. S. Harris, Lewis T. Cannon, Mrs.

E. J. Milne.

In the Junior Boys'chorus the following entered: Pocatello

stake, District No. 4; Cache stake, District No. 7; Malad stake, District

stake, District No. 11; Parowan stake, District No. 12.

Pioneer and Parowan were chosen for the finals, Parowan stake winning, Saturday evening.

PAROWAN JUNIOR BOYS'WINNING CHORUS.

The names of the members of the winning chorus are: Alfred

Morris Clifford Benson, Carlyle Hoyle, Merton Richards, Dewey

J. Bentley, Rex Ward, Albert Marsden, Orton Rasmussen; Lawrence

Adams, conductor.

In the Jnior Girls'chorus the following entered: Bingharn stake,

District No. 4; Cassia stake, District No. 5; Bear Lake stake, District

District 8; GranNo stake 7; Ogden District No. stake, 6; Oneida No. Disstake, Sevier District No. 10; stake, District No. 9; Juab ite stake,

trict No. 11; Parowan stake, District No. 12

Oneida, Sevier and Ogden stakes were selected for the finals, resulting in Oneida stake winning.

stake Fremont entered: the following quartets Double In Mixed stake, District Lake No. 5; Bear stake, District Cassia District No. 4;

960 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ONEIDA STAKE JUNIOR GIRLS CHORUS

The names of the members of the winning chorus are: Gwenn

Thomas, Ruby Peterburg, Lola Nelson, Edith Hobbs, Clara Gosland,

Lillie Thomas, Agnes Neufrer, Barbara Neeley; W. Engan, conductor.

PIONEER STAKE WINNING MIXED DOUBLE QUARTET

The names of the members of the winning mixed double quartet are: John H. Askew, James A. Cottrell, Joseph B. Sartori, William

Cook, Martha H. Cottrell, Carrie Christenson, Marilla Wagner, Alice

Marchant; William Cook, conductor; Mabel Holdsworth, accompanist.

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF M. I. A. 961

Pioneer stake, District No. 9; Utah stake, District No. 10; South Sanpete stake, District No. 11; Parowan stake, District No. 12. Madame

Brodbeck, Prof. Joseph Ballantyne, Prof. David Mann, were judges

for Friday's tryouts.

Pioneer and Utah stakes were chosen for the finals, and Pioneer stake won Saturday night.

The judges for Saturday evening were: Prof. A. H. Peabody,

Prof. Joseph J. Daynes, Sr., and Mrs. Emma Ramsey Morris.

The winners in thejoys'choruses, girls'choruses and mixed double quartets, and the winners in the literary contests were awarded medals on Sunday morning, at the great Tabernacle, the winners passing before President Joseph F. Smith and receiving his congratulations

and handshake. Gold medals were awarded to the senior contestants

and silver medals to the juniors.

SEPARATE Y. M. M. I. A. OFFICERS MEETING

On Saturday morning, June 13, the officers of the Y. M. M.

I. A. again met in separate officers'meeting at 10 o'clock. The

Jordan Stake Boys'chorus, under direction of Wm. M. Cox, sang

"The Gushing Rill,"and Supt. Ernest P. Horsley of the Box Elder

stake offered prayer.

Dr. F. S. Harris discussed "The Value of the Manual to all

Craftsmen,"outlining the topics treated therein and calling attention to the necessity of having a good, capable class leader. The

importance of choosing a vocation was brought out, together with the conditions of success. The value of work should be taught to

young people early in life so that they may be prepared to earn their livelihoods. Discussion followed.

Elder Edward H. Anderson spoke on "The Nature and Aim

of the Junior Manual."The Manual would treat on "Lessons on

Conduct"in the series on the development of character this year.

Officers should keep a record of the work done by the boys so that at the close of the year they might obtain the class pins for those who make a proper showing in the class work the coming season.

Twentyone stakes had so far had wards make application for pins which had been given to boys who passed last season. See conditions in the Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book, p. 23.

The Jordan Stake Boys'chorus sang "The Morning Breaks the Shadows Flee,"Wm. M. Cox, conductor.

Elder Heber J. Grant read the annnual statistical report which

showed

I. A. for the Synopsis of the statistical report of the Y. M. M.

year ending May 30, 1914:

962 IMPROVEMENT ERA Increase over 1913.

Number of associations 694 24 Number of permanent members enrolled 34,404 898

Active members enrolled, Senior 16,986 4,392

Active members enrolled, Junior 10,741

Number attending schools away from home 1,021 *68

Enrolled members on foreign missions 934 *97

Average attendance at meetings 15,872 1,799

Total meetings of officers and members 27,032

Special activities, including lectures, debates, etc... 3,567

Total 30,599 4,290 *Decrease.

Activities:

Lectures 969 Public concerts 257 Debates 198 Dramatic entertainments 407 Public contests 690 Athletic meets participated in 811

Scout contests and demonstrations 235

Total 3,567

Scout patrols *277 Visits of stake officers 2,939

Active membership committees 139

Committees on vocations and industries 157 *An increase of 166.

Class Work:

Number of juniors passed first year's course 1,766

Number who have read one or more books of the reading course 1,736

This report does not include the missions.

Roll was called showing representatives from sixtythree stakes.

Murray Roberts of Provo, sang "The Lost Chord."

Elder B. H. Roberts spoke on "Progress in Vocational

Work,"giving a history of the work to date, and outlining the city industrial and the halfacre contests which have been undertaken by this committee. Forty stakes have taken up the work wholly

or in part and the other twentyfive were urged to get in line. He

urged the ward vocational councilors to labor with the parents of boys, as well as with the boys personally, and get all interested in this very important issue of choosing a vocation in life. The

officers were urged to read and study carefully the literature already sent out, as well as the articles which have been printed in the Era. The senior manual, this season, 191415, which treats

on this topic, will be very helpful to those appointed to direct the vocational work. Choosing a Vocation, by Parsons, was recommended as helpful to the stake supervisors, and ward councilors.

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF M. I. A. 963

Discussion followed in relation to the industrial contests now being carried on, after which the Jordan Stake Boys'chorus sang "Utah, We Love Thee,"and the benediction was pronounced by

Bishop Cox of Bunkerville, Nevada.

JOINT OFFICERS'MEETING Sunday morning, at 10 o'clock, the officers of both associations met in joint session, President Joseph F. Smith presided.

There were approximately 4,000 people in attendance.

The Pioneer stake combined choirs under direction of Tracy

Y. Cannon, sang "Chorale,"and prayer was offered by Elder

Rudger Clawscn, after which the Pioneer stake choirs sang "Lovely Appear,"by Gounod.

Dr. George H. Brimhall spoke on "The Development of Leaders and Leadership,"and in a forecful argument impressed the

workers with the necessity of being prepared intellectually, spiritually, and morally, to act as leaders of the M. I. A. work. See full

report in this number of the Era.

Tracy Y. Cannon rendered an organ solo on the great organ.

I. A., Ruth May Fox, of the General Board of the Y. L. M.

I. A., spoke briefly onand Dr. John A. Widtsoe, of the Y. M. M.

the "Mission of Mutual Improvement."

Elder Nicholas G. Morgan enthusiastically advocated a weekly

halfholiday throughout the Church for games and play of the members, in order that the Sabbath might more perfectly be observed. His subject was

"we stand for a sacred sabbath and a weekly halfhol- iday."session was the singing of "O Ye A thrilling feature of the

Mountains High,"by Emma Lucy Gates, upon request of President Joseph F. Smith.

The Pioneer stake combined choirs sang "Unfold Ye Portals,"and the benediction was pronounced by Sister Mae T. Nystrom.

GENERAL JOINT SESSION

The first general session of the conference convened at 2 o'clock p. m., in the Tabernacle. Owing to sickness in his family,

President Smith was unable to be present and Elder Heber J.

Grant presided at the meeting.

The Tabernacle choir, Evan Stephens, conductor, sang "The

Palms,"and Elder Rulon S. Wells offered prayer, after which the

choir sang "O My Father.".-.,,, <

Elder James E. Talmage delivered the principal address of

the afternoon, which is printed in full in this number, his subject being "Prove'thy Faith by thy Works."

Miss Eleanor R. Jeremy, of the Primary Association, gave a

964 IMPROVEMENT ERA

short talk on "The Purpose and Aim of the Primary,"outlining its growth, development and future plans.

The Tabernacle choir sang, "When the Son of Alan Shall

Come in His Glory."

Elder Junius F. Wells then read the following sentiment in

honor of Flag day. The sentiment was unanimously adopted hy

the great congregation which filled the main floor, and most of the

Sfalleries:

"This is Flag day. It is well that we break out the

folds of the glorious emblem of our liberty today, that it may wave a greeting of inspiration and freedom to all the people. Let it be remembered also today that the flag is

raised on foreign soil awaiting the salute of those who have offended it. That wisdom shall guide and moderation govern in the settlement of the present difficulty and that

peace and good order shall be established in our sister republic as the result of sending Old Glory down to Mexico, is the hope and desire of all true Americans, especially the people of Utah, who have many kindred there."

Benediction was pronounced by Sister Louie B. Felt, president of the Primary Association.

TOINT EVENING MEETING Sunday evening, at 7:30, in the Tabernacle, the last session of

the conference was held. It was well attended.

, i 1 f | i t |: % jH h

t * *.: f i sf j x | * f; j % - f

. J -#. s- UTAH STAKE M. I. A. MALE CHORUS

C. R. Johnson, conductor, Earl J. Glade, manager, who Sang at M. I.

A. Conference.

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF M. I. A. 965

TheUtah Stake M. I. A. Male chorus, under direction of

Charles R. Johnson, sang "Lead Kindly Light,"and prayer was

offered by President Charles W. Penrose. The Utah Stake M.

T. A. chorus sang "Last Night"and "Good Bye."

Elder P>. S. Hinckley spoke on "Ethics in Scout Work."

Preceding his address, a number of scouts, under the direction of Dr. John H. Taylor, M. I. A. Scout Commissioner, recited the

scout law and promise.

Elder Hinckley stated that the aim of scout work is to make the boy a worthy man, to give the boy a harmonious, wellbalanced development. The scout movement supplements all other departments of the M. I. A. It does not pretend to supplant them. It

does not aim to parallel the work of any other department of the organization. It seeks only to help the Y. M. M. I. A. and all

other organizations in the Church, in the development of the boy.

The combined contesting choruses of the Junior boys, under the direction of the composer, Evan Stephens, then sang, "The

Morning Breaks the Shadows Flee."

President Martha H. Tingey of the Y. L. M. I. A. spoke on

the subiect, "Safeguarding the Youth."The officers and workers

in the M. I. A. have been appointed shepherds over the youth of

Zion. We call them chaperones. These chaperones should guard

the young against evil and temptation; assist the young in their

play and merrymaking, and remain near to warn them when they approach too near the precipices found along the pathway of life.

The combined contesting choruses of the Junior girls, under the direction of the composer, Joseph J. Daynes, then sang, "My

Soul is Full of Peace and Love."

Miss Ann Nebeker. of the Primary Association, spoke on

"The Value of Play."She gave a discussion on the psychology of

play instinct and activity, its value in life and the wavs through which it can be directed to good results. Plav is the child's work

and is the most serious activity of child life. Half an hour's intellectual plav is worth two hours'study in the dead languages to

any child.'There is a physical value in play. Play makes the

muscles strong. Flabby muscles and flabby morals are closely

related. Thirty minutes'olay will do more to quell the mischievous boy than all the punishments that can be given him. Play is

among the most valuable things in the development of character.

President Joseph F. Smith, who was scheduled to deliver an

address in this session, was unable to be present, owing to sickness in his family.

In a concluding statement President Heber J. Grant declared

the convention had'been the most largely attended, and one of the best conventions ever held by the associations. He complimented

the workers, thanked them for their help, congratulated the con966 IMPROVEMENT ERA

testants in the different lines, and praised the work of.the Associations.

The Utah Stake M. I. A. Male chorus sang, "The Calvarv

Cross."Elder Junius F. Wells again presented the

FLAG DAY SENTIMENT

to the conference after which the congregation and chorus arose and sang "The Star Spangled Banner."President Emmeline B.

Wells, of the Relief Society, pronounced the benediction, and the conference adjourned for one year.

Special features of the conference were the M. I. A. Athletic

and Scout demonstrations given in the Deseret Gymnasium Saturday afternoon; and the M. I. A. social tendered to the visiting officers by General Boards on Friday evening. The social given Friday evening was well attended, the evening being devoted to dancing, exhibition of new dances, and musical selections, Light refreshments were served.

A complimentary noon luncheon was given to the stake superintendents by the General Board Y. M. M. I. A., on Saturday.

There were 63 stake superintendents present, or represented.

Presidents Joseph F. Smith and Chas. W. Penrose, other members of the Board, and several superintendents, spoke.

.t. jge -H

K3?fiHPSL.

> THE NEW LATTERDAY SAINTS CLIURCH, NEARLY COMPLETED, AT

GAFFNEY, S. C., AND CONFERENCE VISITORS

Development of Leaders and Leadership

BY DR. GEORGE H. BRIMHALL, OF THE GENERAL BOARD, Y. M. M. I. A.

Having done what I can, I still need your help and the help of my Father.

A leader is one who can lead. Such is the born leader. He

is one who will lead when opportunity offers. He is one who

does lead. He is a specialist in getting others to do what he desires done. He is one who acts his own part so admirably that

he has no need to act the part of others. His part is to have others

act their part. He is an individual of aptitude, industry and integrity. He is the holder of at least two talents, possibility and

push, and he keeps them both out at interest, and is ready for an accounting at any moment. He is an optimist. He believes

in his cause, in his fellows, and in himself. He is a good helphunter, and a good helphelper. H> is a discoverer of aptitude

in his fellows, and a skilful distriLtor of repsonsibility. The

M. I. A. leader is one who believes that Mutual Improvement

Asociation work is not transitory, that it has come to stay, and to grow. He is one who will use mutual improvement machinery.

He is one who will be constantly initiative, judiciously innovative, and loyally persistent, in holding to the essence and carrying out, without fear or favor, mutual improvement policies.

Leadership consists in keeping everybody at his best nature and at his best work. Few persons ever invest one hundred per

cent of themselves without some external stimulant. Leadership

consists in knowing when enough has been done, and what to do next. It includes the courage to correct as well as the wisdom

to direct. It has the ability to demand without driving, to inspire

without unduly exciting, to command without causing relaxation, and to condemn wrong without crushing the wrongdoer. Leadershio expects difficulties, and determines to overcome them. It

anticipates obstacles, and plans to remove, plow around, or ride over them. Leadership uses temporary defeat as a guard against

permanent failure. Leadership is a combination of loyalty to

superiors, and an expressive appreciation of the efforts of subordinates.

PREPARATION FOR LEADERSHIP

From the community side, select the right man, or person,

*Delivered before the joint officers'meeting, Y. M. and Y. L. M. I.

A., Sunday morning, June 14, 1914, at the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

968 IMPROVEMENT ERA

who will be the most nearly the right man available. This selection should be the result of a joint official search made by investigation, supplemented by inspiration. Having found the best,

make use of him as a prominent character in the councils that choose his help. With your support, hold him responsible for

results. And by support is meant, looking after him with a helpful never called a consideration,—feeling after him. The Lord

willing man to a work and then left him severely alone.

INTELLECTUAL PREPARATION

The leader must be luminous; he must see ahead. It is expected that he will see farther and better than any or all of those

whose activities he is expected to direct. The very suspicion

that a leader is behind the times is to be dreaded. A great general once said, "If I am to direct this army, I must know the way

better than any soldier."

Preparation for leader;:p must be progressive. The leader

must be a student as well as an executive. He must study books

as well as preparation, demonstrating by a kind men,—intellectual

of knowledge wider and deeper than the demands of routine work. There must be a reserve with which to meet the unexpected. Intellectual preparation for mutual improvement leadership demands a specialist in each special line of leadership. Each

lader may know but little of everything, but he must know everything of something, and that particular something is that in which he is called to lead.

The wise leader must be a specialist on the manual, his knowledge of it must be more than the combined knowledge of the class. And so with other departments. Preparation for intellectual leadership demands obedience to the command: "Seek

ye out of the best books words of wisdom."

The best books on M. I. A. activities are the Handbook, the

Manual, and the Era. If the leader lead by the light of these

books, he will give evidence of progressive, intellectual leadership.

Another source of intellectual preparation for leadership is the council meeting. Exchange of ideas always increases intellectual

illumination. Preparation for leadership demands that the labor

hall be decisive; and decision, to be respected, must be based upon

information.

SPIRITUAL PREPARATION

The exercise of faith strengthens the spiritual man, and it does more. It brings about a reenforcement of the soul from

without. An inspired man is all of himself plus the inspiration of

God. The scripture which says. "Seek ye learning by study and

also by faith,"is an invitation to draw upon the fountains of

DEVELOPMENT OF LEADERS AND LEADERSHIP 969

divine intelligence. Spiritual preparation for leadership requires

that a man should be possessed of the assurance that "the Lord giveth no commandment to the children of men save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them."And that preparation, too, must

be progressive. The mutual improvement work must be flavored

with spirituality. To this end, every activity should give some

evidence of the reverential, if not in the workman, then in the atmosphere. Our meetings, our recreation, should be so planned

and conducted, that though "Mormonism"be neither heard or seen, it can be distinctly felt.

Keeping up official as well as private correspondence with the Lord is a source of development of spiritual leadership, and our correspondence is wireless. We call it prayer. It is not only

a privilege but a duty. To call upon the Lord, in preparation

for leadership, doing the very best we can, like one who plants in season with faith, cutlivates with care, and leaves to the Lord the increase, is progressive preparation for leadership. Believing

as did the boy prophet: "If any man lack wisdom, let him ask

of God,"is good preparation for leadership. Recognizing, also,

one's inability to not do his best alone, as did Joseph in Egypt, when he said to Pharaoh, "It is not in me,"and then exerting thefaith within, as did Joseph—"God shall give Pharaoh an answer

of peace."MORAL PREPARATION

The attitudes expressed in the following make good moral preparation: "I will be what I would have my followers become.""I will be more exacting of myself than I will be of my

followers."A great leader in his life adopted this motto, a dangerous one, too: "No man shall be more exacting of me than I

am of myself."That was my beloved teacher, Brother Maeser.

But mark you how he succeeded! Only last night, on a train,

a president of a stake was speaking to me of the influence of men, and he said: "Do you remember Soand-so?"I said, "Yes."

"Well."he said, "do you remember what trouble he caused?

After he had quit school, Brother Maeser, in traveling through the country, met him. He came up to him one day, and he said:

'How do you do? what are you doing?'He said, T am keeping

a saloon, Brother Maeser.'Brother Maeser held his hand in his,

and he said: 'Sell it, my boy, sell it; you cannot afford to keep

a saloon.'He went home that night, and the words he remembered; but the spirit with which those words were uttered haunted

him, and the next day the saloon and all the appurtenances were: 'That man is not of my faith, butfor sale. He said to his wife

saying to me what he did, with the feeling that I had, I cannot escape taking his counsel.'

970 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"It shall be my highest aim to be worthy of the approval of those I follow, and the confidence of those who follow me."That

is expressive of an inward preparation for leadership.

Finally, "be prepared."We do not know how long the

Lord was in preparing Joseph Smith for his great mission of leadership; but we do know that, thousands of years ago, he

spoke concerning the preparation of that seer, the seer of this dispensation. We know that he prepared parents to prepare him.

We know that the Father came to earth with his Son, to prepare the boy for his leadership. We know that the Son sent an angel

to prepare the young man. We know that the angel put Joseph

under a three years'course of preparation for the one act of receiving the plates containing the Book of Mormon. So, "be

prepared."An hour of prepared leadership is worth more to the

world than an age of aspiration for unprepared leadership. It

does not take long to prepare a baby mosquito for the business of life, his life; but how long it takes to prepare a baby boy, or a

baby girl, for their business in life! The time and effort put

forth in the gettingreadiness is the measure of the intelligence.

Gettingreadiness and workingtogetherness are the processes for the development of leaders and leadership.

I want to bear a little testimony to you concerning the value of holding valiantly to the doing of our duty. I am conscious

of having been a secretary, of having been a ward president, of having worked in the stake board, of having the experience of being a member of the general board, but I am not conscious of ever having aspired to any one of these positions. I am conscious

of desiring, and struggling to feel, to keep, and honorably to hold, those positions.

I was struck by an experience that happened in regard to this work. On one occasion, when Elder Joseph F. Smith, Jr.,

was visiting one of the outlying counties as an aide in the Mutual

Improvement work, he spoke. There was a young woman, a

girl in her teens, in the audience, who heard him, and her great wish was to have her brothers hear him. And that night she

dreamed that there was another meeting, and Elder Smith sat on the stand, and her brother sat in the audience. Each man had

his chair, and her brother's chair began to hitch and move, and as she noticed, her brother kept his eye on the leaders, and the chair moved and moved and moved, and it moved up until she saw her brother sitting with the group on the stand. She died

in the bloom of her womanhood. She told that dream to her

mother. Her mother kept it in her heart, until after this brother

of hers had been called to an activity in the general board, and then the mother told the brother of the dream of his dead sister.

I believe with all my soul that with preparation and application, and without aspiration for office, that our office and our

DEVELOPMENT OF LEADERS 971

calling will carry us, if we are true to it, just as far as we ought to go.

This is my testimony, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

"The Title of Liberty"—The Flag of the People of Nephi

'Twas when the Nephites, careless grown, through pride and worldly gain'- a e Forgot their prophets'warning voice of scourges and of pain,

Dissensions came and bitter strife; aspiring men arose

foes.Who sought to wrest their freedom and betray them to their

The bulwarks of their liberty seemed 'bout to be destroyed,

The church deprived of freedom and the law made null aid void;

And men of saintly righteousness poured forth a loud lament,

They feared a reign of anarchy and vengeful red men sent.

Then straightway great Moroni came, the chieftain in command,

Girt in his glittering armor with a flagpole in his hand.

He rent his coat of colors there, and in Jehovah's name,

Inscribed this motto on it clear, and loudly did proclaim:

"In Memory of our Freedom dear, our God, our Peace, our Lives,

The Church and our Religion true, our Children and our Wives.

"The Title of our Liberty I wave before you all;

Read, read the motto there I wrote, and shun the dangers'thrall;

Come, cov'nant with your God that you forever will abide

For truth and right and liberty, and stand on Freedom's side."

And as the mighty chieftain went, and bore his flag on high.

The people each their garments rent, and ran and circled nigh.

And at his feet their garments cast, as token then to show

That if they hence forsook their God that He should rend them so.

Moroni then addressed them thus: "Your father Joseph's coat

Of many colors was preserved, in part, and let me note

What Jacob said, prophetic'ly: 'As part is undecayed

Of Joseph's coat his brethren rent, so is God's promise made

That part of Joseph's seed shall last, a power on earth to be

So long as men hereon shall dwell—God's witness unto me.'

And so the Nephite prophets say: 'This promised land"shall be

Preserved for freedom and for truth, a land of liberty.'

land, ***********Moroni bore on high that banner through the Then forth

The Title of their Liberty, for truth and right to stand.

And myriads to his standard came; and God his efforts crowned—

His battles were to vietorv, forevermore renowned.

So let us, when we think of him, his Title borne on high,

Make sure we keep such cov'nant true, For Liberty or Die.

- E - BARKER. SALT LAKE CITY. F

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the

Book of Mormon

BY THOMAS W. BROOKBANK, ASSOCIATE EDITOR OF THE "MILLENNIAL STAR."

VI 15. Omissions of Conclusions and Abrupt Transitions.

In the interpretation of the Bibical Scriptures the abruptness of transition in historical narratives, and especially in prophecy, creates difficulty. Different and often distant events are joined

in what seems to be the same paragraph. Frequently a difficulty

arises from the fact that the conclusion of an argument is omitted, or a premise is suppressed, or an objection is answered, without our being told what the objection is. The epistle to the Romans

furnishes examples of all these difficulties. Rom. 3:22, 24; 8:17,

Bible Hand Book, para18; 9:6, Chapters 3 and 4.—Dr. Angus.

graph 291.

There is no present necessity for quoting all these statements of the learned author; but they are serviceable as attesting the

lack in the Hebrew, in some respects, and at times, of that orderly arrangement, proper connection and completeness which are features of good English composition.

It is a cause for great rejoicing, on the part of every believer in the Book of Mormon as the inspired word of God, that none of its peculiarities dim the general clearness of its statements, even though Hebraisms, or Hebrew practices in uniting, clearness that is due,are observable on almost every page,—a

first of all, to causes heretofore mentioned, and further to the fact that it was originally engraved on metal, and in strange hieroglyphics that were known to but few, and then preserved in a manner which made additions to or alterations in the text, or its confusion in any way or manner, approach closely to the impossible.

Resuming after this digression the subject of omissions, the reader is requested to accept in lieu of quotations and illustrations the statement of Dr. Angus in relation to their occurrence in the

Bible, and we shall proceed to show by examples from the Book of Mormon that it is chargeable with delinquencies which are identical with, or similar to, some of those spoken of by him.

One noteworthy example now follows

HEBREW IDIOMS IN THE BOOK OF MORMON 973

"For behold he judgeth, and his judgment is just; and the infant perisheth not that dieth in his infancy; but men drink damnation to their own souls, except they humble themselves and become as little children, and believe that salvation was, and is, and

is to come, in and through the atoning blood of Christ, the Lord

Omnipotent; for the natural man is an enemy to God, and has

been from the fall of Adam, and will be, for ever and ever; but

if he yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit, and putteth off the natural man, and becometh a saint, through the atonement of

Christ the Lord, and becometh as a child, submissive, meek, humble, patient, full of love, willing to submit to all things which the

Lord seeth fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth submit to his father,"he shall be saved as surely as infants are who die in their infancy.

This quotation is made from Mos. 3:18, 19; but the conclusion in italics is lacking; yet it is evident that it or one of like

substance is required. It is easily arrived at from the context

a labor left to the reader to perform, thus corresponding exactly with that which ancient Hebrew authors so often imposed on their readers. Again

"And ye all are witnesses this day, that Zeniff, who was made king over this people, he being over zealous to inherit the land of his fathers, therefore being deceived by the cunning and craftiness of king Laman, who having entered into a treaty with king

Zeniff, and having yielded up into his hands the possessions of a part of the land, or even the city of LehiNephi, and the city of

Shilom, and the land round about,"was successful by these means 7:21. in. accomplishing his design concerning us.—Mos.

The words italicised are supplied. If the quoted passage is

not rounded out in some such manner the word "who"before "having entered,"stands as the subject of a sentence having no predicate, but such an anomaly cannot exist; a predicate must

be expressed or implied in every sentence, and the one here implied by the context has been suggested.

Another; "And it came to pass that when the Lamanites

found that their daughters had been missing, they were angry with the people of Limhi; for they thought it was the people of

Limhi,"who had abducted and perhaps murdered them.

Yet another; "And it came to pass that after they had bound

me, insomuch that I could not move, the compass which had been prepared of the Lord, did cease to work. Wherefore, they knew

not whither they should steer the ship,"and the anger of the Lord was poured out upon us, "insomuch that there arose a great

Nep. 18:12, 13. storm, yea, a great and terrible tempest."—I

From verse 10 of this same chapter we learn that Nephi was anticipating just such a storm as that spoken of in verse 13. The

italicised words, therefore supply, as suggested by the context,

974 IMPROVEMENT ERA

an apparent omission, and the use of "insomuch"is made proper.

As the text stands, however, there is a break in the narrative which is readily accounted for as occurring under the hand of a Jewish writer.

In the first of the foregoing examples, under this number, we observe an omission which is conspicuous as an illustration of an unexpressed conclusion, while the third, with the last, show abrupt transitions or breaks in historical narratives scarcely less noticeable in their place and character.

In the second there is also a break not quite so patent as reading often goes; but yet a good illustration of a failure to

round out a period as AngloSaxons think should be done. The

omissions of all kinds now reviewed are clearly Hebraic in character; and are not of less value to support the claim of a Jewish

origin for the Book of Mormon than are the numerous Hebraisms found in it.

16. Concerning the Construct State of Nouns and nonuse of

Adjectives.

In stating what is meant by the "construct state of nouns,"the terms used by Prof. Greene shall be employed without following him in points which are not essential to our purpose, he says

"When one noun stands in a relation of dependence on another, the first, in Hebrew, is put in what is commonly called the construct state, that is, supported; and their relation to one another

corresponds, for the most part, to the occidental genitive, or to that denoted in English by the preposition of."And further, "It

will be observed that the Hebrew uses nouns to express many of the ideas for which adjectives are employed in other languages, * * * This both arises from and explains the paucity of adjectives in Hebrew, though even where corresponding adjectives exist, the other construction is frequently preferred."Heb.

Gram., par. 254, and 6, a.

Thus we find nouns used for adjectives in the construct relation as follows

Children of iniquity, for wicked men.—II Sam. 3:34. man of violence, for violent man.—Ps. 18:48. vessels of wood, for wooden vessels.—Lev. 11:32. sons of strength, for strong men.—II Chron. 25:10. heat of anger, for great anger.—II Chron. 25:10. vessels of desire, for goodly vessels.—II Chron. 36:10. possession of perpetuity, for perpetual possessions.—Gen. 17:8.

BOOK OF MORMON EXAMPLES fire of anger, for burning anger.—II Nep. 26:6. furnace of fire, for fiery furnace.—Mos. 12:10; Nep. 1:32.

HEBREW IDIOMS IN THE BOOK OF MORMON 975 land of promise, for promised land.—I Nep. 17:33 and often, lands of promise, for promised lands.—II Nep. 9:2; 24:2.

words of truth and righteousness, for true and righteous words.

Al. 38:9. words of plainness, for plain 4:14. words.—Jac.

words of soberness, for serious 6:5. words.—Jac. work of darkness, for evil work.—II Nep. 30:17; Hela. 6:29. works of darkness, for evil works.—II Nep. 25:2; Hela. 6:30. work of wood, for wooden work.—Mos. 11:8. work of miracles, for miraculous works.—Morm. 1:13. workers of iniquity, for wicked men.—Alma. 5:32, 37. man of great stature, for large man.—Eth. 14:10. mark of red, for red mark.—Al. 3:13. doings of abominations, for abominable doings.—II Nep. 25:2. plans of wickedness, for wicked plans.—Hela. 6:30; Eth. 13:15. work of wickedness, for wicked work.—Hela. 11:2.

This list might easily be lengthened from other examples found in the Book of Mormon; but those now given are sufficient, and

they alone make evident the fact that that book resorts to the use of nouns for adjectives with commendable Jewish frequency.

Further, we have already found that, according to competent authority, there is a paucity of adjectives in the Hebrew, and, consequently, it contrasts in this respect greatly when compared with the

English, which is richly supplied with qualifying terms of this character It is not then a matter of little importance that we find the Book of Mormon uses adjectives with a sparing hand. Any

one wishing to verify the last statement can readily have his desire gratified by reading a few random pages in that work. But

as some who read these lines may not have the book at hand, it will be stated that in the first five chapters of I Nephi,—covering

are only some sixty or seventy differabout eleven pages,—there

ent adjectives in all, not counting a few numerals, words sometimes used as pronouns, and the demonstratives "this"and "that"or "these"and "those."In these same five chapters there are.

however, over eight hundred nouns altogether, a fact which shows that though numerous opportunities offered for using adjectives, the writers of that book found little use for them comparatively, thus harmonizing with Jewish practices; and those that were

that respect conemployed are of the most simple kind,—in

trasting almost to the extreme with the grandiose character and multiplicity of adjectives so often found in English composition, or spreadeagle oratory. These writers, further, as already shown,

reduced the use of adjectives to the minimum by substituting nouns for them, evidently preferring this construction, even in cases where it is plain that the vocabulary of the writers was sufficiently copious to enable them to employ the other form, if they had so desired.

(to be continued.)

The Pioneers—A Historic Review

"He that of greatest works is finisher,

Oft does them by the weakest minister."

"All's Well that Ends Well,"Act II, Scene I.

Labored in Missouri, griefstricken at Nauvoo,

Turned their faces west to begin again anew.

Left their pretty city, to take across the plain

Wives and little children, in winter cold and rain.

Near the Bluffs they rested, to gain needed strength

For wilderness journey, a thousand miles in length.

A soldier came for men to meet their country's foe,

Five hundred of their bravest answered, "We will go."

Intrepid volunteers, no boast made of their act,

March on with Kearney's men, their duty did, in fact.

Those rugged pioneers, ne'er tire nor falter; then

Through Platte and plain advanced they, led by stalwart men.

A trapper said, 'twas hopeless land they could not till;

But even arid desert must yield to human will.

They entered the great valley, now their only home,

Turned mountain water on the rich, but dry, baked loam.

Hungtheir starry ensign on highest peak they saw,

Holding next to heaven their country's flag and law.

Their leader, with his staff striking that dry, gray sod,

Said:. "Even here we raise a temple to our God."

By thought, work and labor, each tried in his own way

To clear earth's dim sadness, to make a better day.

No help from government, no military force,

Each and all believed it now a matter of course.

Day's work, and a day's work, to work, to do, to try.

Small voices whisper: "You have orders from on high."

Some in high places disapproved their earnest zeal.

Still voices commanded, "Advance your children's weal."

They plowed the earth, and planted, and builded the towns,

For they heard not their critics, nor saw thev their frowns,

They beckoned to the poor, the needy and the strav,

Taught them faith was mightv, and pointing them the way,

Gave hone and courage for their children yet to come.

Taught them arts and crafts, while the strangers made a home.

Built the school man's mansion, and begged the master's lore.

And asked great truths of science proven long before.

Gave the red man of their food, and let the world know -"dine. r>ot fighting, makes good friends of savage foe.

They built a.home for Drama, let the actors play

Even Shakespeare's magic to charm their working dav.

Thev sang great songs in chorus, built an organ grand.

From sea to sea their choir sings joysongs through the land.

Their voting men, two by two, in thousands every year,

Tell their gospel story, through each broad hemisphere;

The world's people wonder, "Can good in that place be?"

The young men each answer, "We pray you come and see."

SALT LAKE CITY LUKE COSGRAVE Commercialized Vice and the Remedy

BY GEORGE A. STARTUP

When Clifford G. Roe, the eminent Chicago attorney, in his

late speech in the Assembly Hall, said that if Illinois had a law like the Utah Injunction and Abatement law that they would clean up their vice joints in 48 the interest of hours,—he aroused

many Utahns who have not become familiar with the theory and povisions of this measure; and, as sponsor for the bill, I herewith respond to many requests for a discussion of it.

Since the dawn of history the human race has grappled, in a more or less desultory way, with the problems presented by the weaknesses of mankind manifesting themselves in the various vices. The evils attendant on the use of intoxicating beverages,

gambling, prostitution, etc., have presented problems to some

minds unsolvable. The main difficulties, I believe, encountered

in efforts to minimize these evils have been due mostly to the false doctrine that they are "necessary evils."And on this false premise has arisen a creature of commercialism which has sunk its

fangs deep into the social and political affairs of nearly all races.

And the physical disasters wrought are incalculable.

If the public admits that there are "necessary evils"it must not deny the logic that such necessities will be catered to. But

the advocates of the idea of "necessary evils,"because of what they call inherent weaknesses of mankind, forget that they never permit this logic (?) to apply to affairs affecting property. That

is to say, so long as human weakness works moral injury only, they excuse it on the ground of "necessary evils,"but so soon as other human frailties and evil tendencies, such as stealing, for instance, manifest themselves, then these same defenders of "necessary evils"are clamorous to have the other rule apply,—that

humans are to be restrained in expressing their weak and wicked tendencies, and made to sense the wrong that they do society.

In consequence of this failure to conserve moral welfare while giving property the full concern, our common and statute laws have been made and used more to care for man's possessions than for man himself. Thus the process of Injunction has served the

interests of property as long as jurisprudence has been known.

But it remained for a man in Iowa, of humble station, who has devoted his life to help better the conditions of humankind, to invent a measure that really gives to society the same safeguards for its moral welfare that property has enjoyed so long. I re978 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fer to Hon. John B. Hammond, of Des Moines. Many years ago

he worked out an Injunction and Abatement Law that made it possible to clean up the "blind pigs"and fake drug stores in "dry"towns and counties of Iowa; and then when the people of Iowa

became exasperated at the terrible consequences of the bawdy houses that disgraced the many river towns in that and neighboring states, they turned instinctively to the injunctive method to clean up those cesspools of vice. And this brought into existence

the now famous Red Light and Injunction Law.

In drawing up the Utah Injunction and Abatement Law we used these Iowa measures as a basis, but made the one measure cover all public nuisances growing out of the liquor and prostitution evils. (See Chap. 99, Laws of Utah 1913.) Six states

passed this measure in various forms, and Congress has just recently passed it for the District of Columbia. It is under this

measure that Gov. West of Oregon cleaned up several sore spots

in his state, coupled with the officers removal law, the companion measure. On account of the rush of legislation in the last Utah

legislature, we could not get the attention of the committees on the officers removal law; but it is equally fact is important,—in

the right hand of the Injunction measure. I desire to mention

here that there were only four votes cast against this Injunction

Law in our legislature, showing the high moral standard of our legislature. In Tennessee, last summer, Gov. Ben Hooper had to

call the legislature into special session three times before he succeeded in getting this bill passed, and the fight was so tremendous that armed militiamen were kept on guard at the legislative halls.

Briefly summarized, the Utah Injunction Law defines all illicit traffics in liquors as common nuisances; also defines as common nuisances any structure or place used for purposes of lewdness, etc., also the ground upon which said buildings stand is

declared a nuisance together with all movable property connected therewith. Whenever any nuisance as defined is found to exist,

the attorney or any citizen may maintain an action in equity in the name of the state to perpetually enjoin and abate such nuisance. In case of including the owner or agent of the real estate,

if he is not in the actual possession of the place, a reasonable notice in writing must be given, before an action against him can hold good. Of course, proceeding against the keepers of the vice

ioint onlv requires no notice. When an injunction is granted it

shall be binding on the defendants in the whole judicial district, and any violations of the order of abatement snail be contempt of court with heavy penalties, not less than two hundred dollars.

Such actions must be tried at the first term of court; and

evidence of the general reputation of the place shall be admissible to prove the existence of such nuisance. If the existence

of the nuisance is proven, part of the abatement proceedings conCOMMERCIALIZED VICE AND THE REMEDY 979

sists in selling all movable property used in maintaining such nuisance, and the building closed for one year unless a bond to the full value of the property is put up. If any one breaks into or

enters the building while closed by order of the court it is contempt.

It will be observed that any citizen has authority to start proceedings and prosecute to action. This does not relieve the officers of responsibility, for their duty is specifically mentioned,

but in case they do not act, citizens of the county, singly or organized, can proceed. It is therefore plain that communities that

want to clean up their places of vice can now readily do so. It

is the only law that has been found easy of execution; mainly because it evades the unsatisfactory jury system, which for this class

of cases is wholly unsuited, especially in large cities. The proceedings being cases in equity, the appeal is made to the District

Judge only, and experience is showing that they handle vice cases to better advantage to the public than any other system. Great

latitude in presenting evidence is permitted in these kind of cases.

It is not necessary to prove specific acts to constitute the nuisance, but simply the general reputation of the place, together with the usual circumstantial evidence easily obtainable.

It is important to remember that the Injunction Law does not replace the criminal procedure. Both equity and criminal

procedure may go on at the same time, or at different times, proving both cases by the same evidence. The search and seizure

law of the 1911 statutes should always be invoked against liquor nuisances to start the proceedings, and thus find valuable evidence to add to the other evidence gathered to be used in the equity trial. The search and seizure may be instituted by any officer of

city, town or county, on "information and belief,"and any justice of the peace of city, precinct or a district judge can issue *he search warrant.

Those favoring reform legislation realize as fully as do the scoffers that the enactment of laws can not directly change human nature. But this fact is no excuse to continue to permit that all

too large minority of perverts to exploit their perversions. It is

one thing to admit that a certain amount of sin and weakness must be endured until corrective measures and education reform the individual members of society from within; but it is quite

another thing to contend that the weaklings or vicious should be permitted to make merchandise of their own or other immorality.

Those practices and substances that have been proven by the experience of the race to be injurious to the general welfare are held by the courts of all lands to have no inherent rights, so it devolves upon the citizenship of all communities to suppress them.

Several District Judges in Utah have already ruled that the payment of membership fees to a club whose principal purpose is 980 IMPROVEMENT ERA

dispensing or keeping liquors for serving to members constitutes an illegal sale under the law; hence, if the communities who are

having trouble with liquor clubs, etc., will arouse themselves, organize law and order leagues, cooperate with the officers where

possible, all blind pigs, dives, honkytonks, clubs, etc., can be banished under the Injunction and Abatement law and the search and

seizure statute, just as fast as the officers and people will bring the cases to. the attention of the district courts. The holding of

the Injunction over the head of a"blindpigger"to apply anywhere in the judicial district is the most wholesome means to making a better citizen out of him, or driving him out of the district.

The writer will be pleased to send a brief as to the constitutionality of the Injunction Law to any attorney. It has been

passed upon favorably four times by the Supreme Court of the

U. S. A pamphlet containing the law and legal blanks can be had

by anyone sending 10c in stamps to the Deseret News Book Store,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Vision—The Dream

O, Seeker, whose hesitant feet,

On life's way of triumph climb slowly,

God knew the long road before thee

For many patrician and lowly Have trod it, beneath his compassionate eyes.

He foreknew the place Where, on uplifted face Expectant, the beam That illumined should fail, And the vision supernal, transcendent,

The dream should prevail.

The dream he had given, That consciousness never quite hides:

That in the soul's inner chamber forever abides.

Abides and keeps holy O, ye who climb slowly God's purpose of life.

Thy dream is thy star of the morning.

The vision inherent in man, (Like unseen yet quickening leaven)

Perfecteth his wondrous plan;

And its glory though hidden from earth

Slowly fulfils the great promise

Of the preexistent birth.

Then while from within comes the visio'T,

Press on, for ye shall not fail

Though vast and dark forces assail

Thy soul shall follow its gleam,

Th?.t beckons to heights supreme,

For this was given the Vision;

For this was given the Dream.

Maud Baggarley

Editors'Table

Science and Evolution

Attention is called to a series of special articles that will appear in the Era on subjects relating to science and evolution, by

Dr. Robert C. Webb, the first of which, under the title, "Science

Falsely so Called,"is printed in this number. Students and others

interested in upto-date thought on these vital subjects will find much pleasure and profit in the brilliant arguments of Dr. Webb,

who has already been favorably introduced to our readers in a number of papers which have heretofore appeared in the Era, on "Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator,""TruthSeeking,""The Galileo of Sociology,"etc.

Parables A parable is understood to be a comparison or a similitude.

It is defined in the dictionary specifically as a "short, fictitious narrative of a possible event in life or nature, from which a moral is drawn."Dr. Talmage is favoring our readers with a series of

parables based not on fiction, but on true experience, for he believes that actual occurrences may as justly serve for the basis of parables as fiction. Both the narrative and the moral in these

parables grip the reader with their aptness. The fifth of the

series appears in this number.

"Treasures in Heaven"

Is the title of a new volume, just printed, continuing the old

Faithpromoting series which many of our middleaged readers will remember as having been originated and published some thirty or thirtyfive years ago, by Elder George C. Lambert.

This new volume contains, among others, the wonderful story of

Niels, "A Modern Stoic."Work actuated by faith, under very

adverse circumstances, is the keynote of the story which will be read with delight by all who have had to undergo toil and hardship in life, as well as by the young people who have life before them, and who from this true and remarkable story will receive faith and encouragement to make the best of their surroundings.

Other volumes are to follow as the demand may warrant. They

are designed to promote faith and to incite good works in those who read them. He announces as among his prospective titles

082 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Choice Memories,""Eternal Riches,""Gems of Reminiscence,""Nuggets of Truth,""Restored Gifts,""Called of God,""Heroes of Humble life,""Why Try?""Essence of Experience,""Cherished Recollections,""Triple Extract,""Lest We Forget,""Brother's Keeper,""Inspired Counsel,""Heavenly Help,""Blessings

Recalled."In the present volume, aside from the story referredto, are four others—"A Woman with a Purpose,""An Exception,""My Mother,"and "Examples of Righteous Zeal."The

volume consists of about 100 pages of type and style similar to the old edition issued some thirtyfive years ago; price 25c.

Author's address, 141 West, 1st South, Salt Lake City.

Character

Since the development of character will be considered in the

Junior Y. M. M. I. A. classes during the next season, the following sermonet written by Robert J. Burdette, is worthy the careful

consideration of class leaders. We have the permission of the

publishers of the National Magazine, Boston, to reproduce it in the Era: Someone has said, "Character is what a man is in the dark."

What he is without an audience. His reputation may be grandstand play; a safe, senseless slide to second with the ball a quarter

of a mile cloud of dust and thunders of cheers from peoaway—a

ple who don't know the game. His character may be the sacrifice hit that brings him hisses from the same class of people—and

advances the team.

What you wish you were, that's your ideal. What people

think you are, that's your reputation. What you know you are,

that's your character. To paraphrase Abraham Lincoln, you may

fool some other people all of the time, but you can't fool yourself one little bit of the time.

Reputation is a variable estimate, depending not upon what people know about you, but upon their guesses, made from what they see of you. "We have lived together for fifty years,"said the

Left Hand, "and I never saw him do one charitable action."That's

reputation. But all that time the generous Right Hand was the

almoner of God, working in loving and secret fellowship with

Him. That's character.

You will not drink wine, not even for politeness'sake, and at the table of an esteemed friend, and "our Best Society"says you are a fanatical, bigoted prohibitionist. You refuse to encourage a

vile story with a smile. Some people say you are a coldblooded

hypocrite. You will not permit yourself to laugh at a funny story,

well told, in which all the "laugh"is in its profanity. And folk

EDITORS'TABLE 983

say you are selfrighteous. And you carry your Bible in your

hand when you walk to church. And they say "a canting Pharisee."Yet all the while your character is that of a sober, pureminded, reverent, Godfearing man—a

bad, and one character which outweighs and outlasts thetions—all Christian. Four reputafour, going into eternity with you.

won't find the word in your Bible. But there Character—youyou learn what it is. The Bible isn't a dictionary—it's a Teacher.

The primary meaning of the word "character"is an instrument for marking or graving; commonly, a mark engraved upon a plate of

stone or metal; a figure cut deeply into a plate of bronze by a

chisel of steel. Now do you begin to understand what character is?

Something which your daily life cuts deep and deeper into your soul day by day, and marks you, I pray, for one of God's men or women, even a special one among his millions. "To him

that overcometh I will give a white stone, and in the stone (not 'on'it, you will observe) a new name written, which no man knoweth save he that receiveth it."Isn't that glorious? Wondrously glorious? That new name, graven by the finger of God,

in exclusive confidence with yourself, deep in the white pebble of character. Not Simon, as men called you.your life—that's your

But Peter by the dear Lord's rechristening. What God knows

you are, and what you know you are. Do you begin to understand

what your character is?

Even the angels may never fully comprehend your true character. John quotes Christ as saying that it is a secret between

God and yourself. Maybe God himself doesn't quite know your

life. Are younew name yet. He is learning it from your daily

setting him a fair copy for that new name? Every day you pray

the Heavenly Father to watch over you and keep you from evil in your actions. Do you pray just as earnestly that he will watch

just as carefully to see what you are thinking, hear what you are whispering, that he will look down into your deepest soul to note what are your secret inclinations? By these things you are shaping your character. God doesn't make it; you do.

'Character is not builded up, like a house that can be torn down if it be found defective. It is being engraved, day by day,

deep, deep, deep into your very soul—the immortal part of you.

You can't rub it out. Should you try to cut it out, it will leave a

hole that will have to be patched, a wound that may heal, but will heal with a scar. Character stands. And you can't write your

character in the ragged years of the fagend of a misspent life.

Christ can forgive the sins of a penitent thief on his deathbed. But he can't give him the character of an honest man. He

is just a forgiven thief. was a thief all his life. And in death he

stands. It can't be changed to A pardoned convict. The record

show that the convict was never in the penitentiary.

984 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Do yon begin to see what a serious, earnest, prayerful lifework it is, the graving of your character?

"As a man thinketh, so he is."What do you think about

when you are alone? How do you act when there is no audience?

What manner of creature are you "in the dark?"What are your

thoughts and inclinations when you think God isn't looking? What

is your real name?

Messages from the Missions

Elder E. W. Huntsman, president of the Tonga Tabu Conference,

of the Samoan Mission, writes February 20: "We are happy and

proud for the privilege of teaching the principles of the gospel to this benighted but chosen people of God.

We are proud to be called 'Mormons', by which name we are known here, as we pass from village to village.

The Lord is crowning our humble efforts with success. The work is

new on this island, but we have five thriving branches in the conference. We hold regular

Sunday schools and Sunday evening meetings, all well attended.

A Primary and Relief Society have been established in one branch, and in all the branches we have opened excellent English schools, bringing splendid results. Our schools

seem to be our main hold at the present time, but we are able with the blessings of the Lord to explain the gospel in many other ways. We

pray for the work of the Lord not only in these islands but in all the world, and join in sending our love to friends and loved ones in faraway Zion. Elders, left to light, standing: Charles B. Crabtree,

Rexburg; E. W. Huntsman, incoming conference president, Woodville. Idaho; sitting: J. A. Lancaster, conference secretary, Sandy;

William F. Winn, expresident of conference, returned, Smithfield,

Utah; George S. Pack, Canada, returned."

Elder Wm. A. Selck, Evadale, South Texas Conference, April

25: "We have had such good success in this part of the mission that

I thought perhaps readers of the Era might like to read of this southern country. Eleven elders labor here and we all enjoy the spirit of

our work. We have twentyseven counties in southeast Texas and

from January first to date we have been able to dispose of 127 Books of Mormon, 972 small books and have baptized sixteen so we feel that our labors have been crowned with success. We do nearly all country

work in the winter and work in the city during the hot summer. The

Lord is with us and we are thankful for his blessings to us."

MISSIONARIES OF THE SOCIETY ISLANDS MISSION

At the April Conference, 1914, standing-, left to right: Ervine Pearson, Ferron; M. H. Pond and Lewis Rigby, Lewiston, Utah; Harry

S. Gentry, Nevada; Otto Stocks and Ira Hyer,

'Lewiston; Montrose

Killpack, Emery Co.,

Utah; Leonard Davis,

Blackfoot, Idaho; Lewis E. Westover, Lewiston; George de Lange,

H Salina; and Ora Hyer,

Lewiston, Utah. SitJKMy 1 Mb ting: Ole B. Peterson, *|W Sister Peterson and

is;'fip babies, Pres. Franklin

. Lake J. Fullmer, Salt

City, Utah.

K,v J5 Co., Lewiston,representativesCachein

H the Society Islands Mis- \ Hr,'I sion.right: Sitting,Lewis E.leftWestto

Hyer and Ira over, Ora Sv * 1 Martin brothers), (twin 'tWMM n. Harris Pond. Stand-

..n.rarn. >. >. ing, left to right: Otto

Stocks and Lewis Rigby.

Matthew F. Noall, Easton England, April 25: "The Bristol

Conference includes Southwestern England and Wales formerly the Welsh and Bristol conference. Here was the old stamping

grounds of President Woodruff, Brigham Young and Willard Richards who opened the mission in 1840, and whose efforts were attended by phenomenal success in Herefordshire. Laboring both among the

English and Welsh people the elders of this conference have an excellent opportunity to note the difference between the Welsh religious life and that of England. Since its rise the nonconformist

movement has found a strong hold in Wales. It is the fervor and

986 IMPROVEMENT ERA

emotional zeal and emphasis on personal experience in religion, characteristic of the Welsh, that has made Wales, in times past, such fertile soil for the gospel of Christ as proclaimed by the 'Mormon'elders. To this England presents a strong contrast, the people having lapsed into that spiritual stupor and indifference to religious

1'fe, today so characteristic in many parts of the world. The territory now being tracted by the elders has been worked over and

over in the past, and we feel as if the work of gleaning after the harvest were now in progress. The gospel message, however, is being spread with all diligence and with the blessings of the Lord

upon the work. The people we hope are being prepared for another

harvest. Elders, left to right, bottom row: G. T. Bennett, Shelley,

Idaho; W. Bennion, Salt Lake Citv; C. Merrill, Brigham City; sitting: E. B. Dansie, Salt Lake, Conference clerk; W. W. Rich, Paris,

Idaho, Conference President; President Hyrum M. Smith of the

Furopean Mission; M. Llewelyn. J. Llewelyn, Grassy Lake, Canada;

standing: J. F. Palmer, Preston, Idaho; D. H. Elmer, Payson: L.

G. Leatham, Logan; P. L. Wilson, Panguitch, J. H. Reeve, Mathew

F. Noall, Salt Lake; W. Evans, Logan; too row: G. R. Dent, Salt

Lake; E. Brodbent, Nephi; J. D. Barlow, Clearfield, Utah."

Elder Winfred A. Allen, St. John, New Brunswick, Canada,

April 28: "The St. John Conference comprises the eastern maritime provinces of Canada,

and was recently organized at New York City. During

the past year we have labored in the city of St. John

and have met many good people. Hundreds of people

in this city had never seen a 'Mormon'before, though many had heard of them from the false stories that have been circulated concerning our religion. On this account we were opposed somewhat, but we

EDITOR'S TABLE 987

now have several friends who are investigating the gospel with an earnest desire to find the truth. Elders, left to right: Henry H.

Rawlings, Fairview, Idaho; Wm. C. Morrell, Loa, Utah; President

Isaac P. Robinson, Safford, Arizona; Winfred A. Allen, Hyrum, Utah."

Choir of the Nurnberg Conference, John Denning, leader. This

choir is making fine progress and is a great factor in gaining friends for the elders in that part of Germany.

Elders of the Nurnberg Conference, Germany, Feb. 27, 1914.

Tack row: A. S. Reber, R. S. Zimmerman, J. A. Deming, A. S.

Tinoey J J Ryser. R. H. Tones, W. W. Dixon: middle row: H. L.

Poloyd C Lamont Felt, Benjamin H. Kindsey, Ellis Barlow; sitting- Waidemar Nielson, Harold I. Goodwin, Conference President;

Hyrum W. Valentine, Conference President, and wife, Clyde. S.

Clark.

MISSIONARIES IN THE SOUTH CAROLINA CONFERENCE

Standing, left to right: Wm. I. Bnrk, Alpine, Ariz.; Hubert E.

Record, Deweyville; Richard B. Jndkins, Warren; Wm. Reusch, Hurricane; David L. Turner, Giles, Utah; Richard Cooper, Overton, Nev.;

Oscar Rasmussen, Ferron; Horace Seal, Riverton; Geo. W. Jones,

Enoch, Utah; Ether S. Ferrin, Pima, Ariz.; Winfield Hurst, Idaho

Falls, Idaho; Wallace Sorensen, Aurora; Richard C. Carter, Provo,

Utah; G. S. Hill (local) Gaffney, S. C.

Sitting: Orvis T. Call, Rigby; John A. Dowdle, Franklin, Idaho;

W. Paul Merrill, Richmond; Samuel Cordner, Mission Secretary,

Provo, Utah; Chas. A. Callis, Mission President; Arthur T. Shurtleff,

Conference President, Jas. A. Smith, Salt Lake City; Jesse W. Maxheld, Murray, Utah.

klr- | -

1 '1

iHIJtSIIR.'

'"r. B

CATAWBA INDIANS WITH PRESIDENT C. A. CALLIS

EDITORS'TABLE 989

Delegation of Catawba Indians, members of the Church, from the

Roddey branch, South Carolina, in attendance at the conference held at Gaffney. President Callis was favored with an invitation

to be represented in a photo with them. This delegation furnished

excellent singing at one of the sessions of the conference, and some of the brethren were called upon to open the meetings with prayer and to make remarks. Nearly all the Catawba Indians, including the

chief, are members of the Church and they are a faithful people.

They have a nice little meeting house on the reservation. The Sunday

school, M. I. A. and other organizations are in good condition. Elder S. T. Blue, presides over the branch and Elder Ben Harris is superintendent of the Sunday school. Both of these brethren are

members of the Catawba Indian Nation.

ELDERS CF THE NOTTINGHAM CONFERENCE, APRIL, 1914

Left to right: S. C. Gerrard, Taylorsville, Utah; J. E. Neville,

Byron, Wyoming; A. B. White, Lorren Collett, Salt Lake City; W. H.

Pyott. Ogden, Utah; T. W. Brookbank, Holbrook, Arizona; W. Brinton, Holliday; W. L. Evans, Parowan; S. H. Paskett, Grouse Creek,

Utah. Center: J. M. Mills, Ogden, Utah; Leonard B. Nielson, Pres.

Leeds Conf. Provo; E. W. Watkins, Conf. Pres. Mendon; Hyrum

M. Smith, Mission Pres. Salt Lake City; James Andrews, Conf. Clerk,

Nephi; George Woolford, Smithfield; Wm. E. Cox, Union, Utah.

Front: C. Y. Nelson, Blackfoot, Idaho; Geo. H. Wheatly, Honeyville; F. D. Redford, Mt. Sterling; Chas. Buck, Smithfield. Utah.

Eddis W. Watkins, Nottingham, England, May 12: "The elders

in this conference seem anxious to promote the work of the Lord.

We receive considerable slander from the press and some opposition among the people. Anti-'Mormon'plays are quite prevalent but they

result in doing us more good than harm. It is grand to know that

the gospel of Christ is upon the earth for the last time, and that all the powers of the adversary combined cannot overthrow it."

Priesthood Quorums'Table

"Gospel and suggestions for teachers and Themes"—Questionsstudents, by Elder David O. McKay:

PART IV—THE GOSPEL DISPENSATIONS (continued)

Lesson 25, Chapter VII—The Lamb of God.

1. Give the Biblical reference of the story told in the first stanza.

2. Define "sidereal,""Orient sages."

3. Explain "Imprisoned here the Mighty One."

4. Who was the "prophet harbinger"(third stanza)?

5. Explain the metaphors in the last four lines of the third stanza.

6. Give the effect of "hollow pride"and "sordid lust"(fifth

stanza). 7. Give the Biblical quotations referred to in sixth stanza.

8. Explain "twin portals to despair"(seventh stanza).

9. Why may "bigotry"appropriately be called "the blinded bat"?

10. Explain the meaning of each line in eighth stanza.

Note: That the members of the class may appreciate this beautiful poem, the teacher or some one appointed to do so, should explain the figures of speech, and the comparisons used in each stanza.

Lesson 26, Chapter VII—The Lamb of God (continued).

1. Explain the significance of the Savior's words, "It is finished."

2. Memorize Christ's commission to the Twelve, (Mark 16:15,16)

3. What do you think about this statement: "Premature know!

edge is fatal to joy, and fetters progress?"

4. What was the message proclaimed by the ancient apostles?

5. Give proof that Christ taught on the American continen'

as well as at Jerusalem.

6. Give a complete account of the institution of the Sacrament.

7. What is the doctrine of transubstantiation? of consubstantiation?

Note: It will be of interest to have a member of the class recount some of the terrible punishments inflicted upon "heretics"who

would not accept the doctrine of transubstantiation or expressed other disbelief during the time of the Inquisition.

8. Why was water substituted for wine in administering the

Sacrament? 9. Name the signs of Christ's second coming.

Lesson 27.

Note: It would be appropriate at this point to devote some time

to the consideration of the conditions that brought about the universal apostasy. Appoint members of the class to make special preparation

on this subject.

Lesson 28, Chapter VIII—Dawn of the Last Dispensation—"The

Messenger of Morn."

1. Why may the last dispensation appropriately be called the

"ocean of dispensations"?

2. (a) Who is the "mighty daughter of Eternity"? (b) Who

"mother of centuries"? (c) Why "seventy, sevencrowned"?

3. Give the meaning of the first and the second lines, (stanza 10).

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 991

4. Study carefully the author's description of the boy Prophet,

and tell it in your own words.

5. The poem should be read thoughtfully, and each stanza considered critically during the class recitation.

6. Consider the subject, "The Necessity of the Restoration."

7. Why is this called the "Dispensation of the Fulness of

Times"? 8. Name the circumstances when the Prophet Joseph communed

with angels.

9. Read the vision in which he gazed upon the glories of eternity

(Doc. and Cov. Sec. 110).

10. When was the Gospel first preached in this dispensation in

Great Britain?

11. What was the Prophet's declaration concerning the ultimate

good of all religious endeavor?

(This chapter will be concluded in Lesson 29, commencing with "Keys Committed,"p. 137.)

New Work for the Seventy.—The First Council of Seventy have

sent the following instructions to the presidents of the Quorums of

Seventy: Dear Brethern: It has been decided that the Seventy's Quorums shall be called upon to assist in the Department of Vocations and

Industries of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations as herein described.

Some difficulty has been experienced in finding suitable ward vocational counselors in the Young Men's Associations to act in this department, hence it has been decided to try and find suitable men among the Seventies. Here perhaps an explanation is necessary to

have a clear understanding of what is meant by the above. The general board of Y. M. M. I. A. has opened a new department in the

activities of the above associations known as the Department of Vocations and Industries, appointing a standing committee on the General

Board to have charge of the work, the personnal of which, at present, is B. H. Roberts, Chairman; Claude Richards, Vice Chairman; Edward

H. Anderson, Jonathan G. Kimball, Roscoe W. Eardley, Lewis T. Cannon, Oscar A. Kirkham and John H. Taylor, members.

In each stake of Zion the Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.

has been asked to appoint a stake vocational supervisor, and also to select and appoint a vocation counselor in each ward association to have charge of the work. The Stake supervisor, as would be inferred

from his station, is to take general supervision of the work in his stake; while the ward vocation counselor is to have supervision of this

department in the ward association, and take up the work to be done directly with the young men of the association, thus becoming the man who will be in direct personal contact wth the youth of the ward, whom it is desired to interest in vocational and industrial activities.

It is the purpose of the department to aid in giving intelligent direction to the choice of vocations of our youth in life, and to stimulate industrial activity among them. The key note of the movement

may be found in the head line on the stationery of the General Board

Committee, viz:

"Have you chosen your vocation? If you have, or if you have not,

let us help you."

This much in the way of brief explanation, in order that you may see the importance of this communication. You will readily

understand that the success or failure of the work will depend upon 992 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the efficiency of the men who come immediately in contact with the young men of our associations, between the ages of fourteen and twenty.

A suitable person for this work cannot always be found in the young men's association, and therefore, it is proposed wherever this is the case that we seek for them in the quorums of the Seventy in the respective districts. The matter has been considered in the First

Council and presented to the Presidency of the Church with the following result: The Superintendency of the respective stakes and the

Presidents of the ward Improvement Associations will be at liberty to consult with the councils of the respective Seventy's quorums within their stakes and wards, for the purpose of finding such stake and ward committeemen as may be necessary. Of course, where

suitable men can be found in the Improvement Associations it will not be necessary to go to the Seventy's quorums; but where such

persons cannot be found in the associations, then this liberty is given to seek them in the Seventy's quorums in the manner described herewith.

Men should be sought for who have had some experience in life, and who are in sympathy with boylife and who are anxious for the future welfare Of our youth. Men who will have sufficient knowledge

of things and be of such weight of character as to appeal to young men, and to their parents with whom they -should consult in helping to give intelligent direction in the selection of vocations.

The mode of procedure in the matter of bringing our seventies into this work should be by the ward or stake superintendents or presidents calling in person or submitting in writing to the council of the quorum a request for the appointment of suitable persons to fill these positions; whereupon the council should take the matter under

advisement, canvass the quorum for the most suitable persons, taking care, however, not to interfere with men already engaged in special service unless it is possible for them to accept the new appointment without interfering wthi the service in which they are already engaged.

In order that there may be no conflict in authority, or confusion in appointments, when a selection is made from among the Seventy for this work, the name of the appointee, before informing him of his selection should be submitted to the bishop of the ward that his sanction may be obtained to the appointment and thus a perfect union of effort be secured in carrying out this program. Whenever a

member of the Seventy's quorum is finally selected for this work, that appointment should be regarded as a call to local missionary work the same as in appointments to ward teaching and home missionary service, and every encouragement be afforded the appointee which will tend to his success. It will be a fine contribution to community service to respond to these appointments and we trust presidents and members of the Seventy's quorums will enter into the work

with enthusiasm, as there is no more important home work that

Seventies can engage in than this, which s*hall substitute intelligent direction in the choice of vocations for our youth, instead of allowing them to drift by accident into such callings as may come in their way.

This letter should be presented and read to the Council of your quorum at the very earliest opportunity and a prompt acknowledgment made of its coming to your hand.

Seymour B. Young, In behalf of the First Council of Seventy.

Subjects for Ward Teachers.—The general conditions in the

wards and among the families of Saints will help the bishops in selecting subjects to be assigned to ward teachers for their monthly visits. The bishops will find that the assignment of subjects to the

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 993

ward teachers will add greatly to the quality and efficiency of the teaching, and will add interest to the work.

The following subjects are suggested topics which have been used in the various wards of the church:

1. Monthly and periodical payment of tithes.

2. Observance of the Word of Wisdom.

3. Family prayer.

4. Attendance at sacrament and fast meetings.

5. Enrollment in auxiliary organizations.

6. Attendance at the weekly priesthood meetings.

7. Fast offerings and ward maintenance donations.

8. Observance of the Sabbath day.

9. Parents class work.

10. Temple work.

11. Home sanitation.

12. Membership in clubs and orders.

13. First principles of the gospel (separately).

14. Restoration of the gospel.

15. Care of the boys.

16. Obedience to those in civil and religious authority.

17. What do you understand the gospel to be?

18. Punctuality at meetings.

19. Reading the scriptures in the home (assign texts).

20. Baptism of children at eight years.

21. Temperance.

22. Humane dav.

23. Mothers'day.

24. Pioneer day.

25. Prophecies and their fulfilment.

26. Divine organization of the Church.

27. Gathering of Israel.

28. Profanity and slang.

29. Loyalty to the State and the Church.

30. Cleanliness and neatness around the home.

31. New Year resolutions.

32. Usefulness in society.

33. Articles of Faith (separate).

34. Summer recreations.

Question: Was John the Baptist Elias also? The Theosophists

claim that they can prove reincarnation from St. Matthew 11:14.

Answer: An answer to this question can be found in "The

Compendium,"pages 281-3. John the Baptist was an Elias, or foreis what the name or title "Elias"means—as he runner—for that

came to prepare the way before the Lord. In the same sense Joseph

Smith was also an Elias, because he came to prepare the way before the Lord preceding his second coming. The office of John was that

of an Elias, and therefore the Lord referred to him as such. Reincarnation is a doctrine of devils, according to the Prophet Joseph

Smith There is nothing in the Scriptures or in the gospel that teaches such a doctrine; but to the contrary, we are taught that

each individual will rise in the resurrection to die no more. See

Alma 11:45; D. & C. 88:116.

Question: Has the apostle that was shown to Nephi by the

angel (I Nephi 14:1827), come to the earth yet?

Answer: A careful reading of the passages referred to shows

that it was John, Nephi names him in verse 27, and in verse 23 it is clearly stated that his record is found in the Bible, or as it is called the Record of the Jews.

Mutual Work

Of Interest to Scouts

It has been found necessary to print preliminary application blanks for stake scout masters, ward scout masters, and assistant ward scout masters, as the blanks used by the National Organization of Boy

Scouts of America, for that purpose, cannot be supplied in quantity to the stakes, and are only sent out when the men are ready to register. By using the preliminary application blank, the men will be

able to satisfy themselves that they are ready to take up scout work, and have made the necessary preparations. The signatures of the

superintendent of the stake, the bishop and ward president, are required, as the M. I. A. Scout Commissioner is required to certify as

to the character and ability of the men making application to the

National Organization, and cannot do so without the endorsement of these men.

The blanks should be filled out and mailed to the M. I. A. Scout

Commissioner, Deseret Gymnasium, Salt Lake City, who will return to the applicant the registration blank used by the National Organization. The stakes may obtain these preliminary blanks in quantity by

sending to the M. I. A. Scout Commissioner. A scout application

blank has also been prepared. Scouts should be required to fill the

blanks out before being admitted to the scout organization. The

blank will also serve as a record, and should be kept on file by the scout master. On the reverse side of the blank the scout laws,

promise, and a short explanation of scoutcraft is printed, so that when the blank is signed by the parent he does so with a better understanding of the work.

M. I. A. SCOUT APPLICATION BLANK

No I hereby apply for membership in the M. I. A. Scouts

of the Boy Scouts of America and promise to do my best to keep the

Scout Promise and Scout Laws at all times.

Name Date Address Occupation or School Age* Day Month Year

(Applicant must not fill out below this line.)

Patrol Troop Ward Stake I hereby certify that the above applicant has qualified as a

Tenderfoot Day Month Year Second Class Scout, Day Month Year

First Class Scout, Day Month Year

Scout Master.

*Boys under twelve years of age MUST NOT be enrolled as scouts. There are no exceptions to this rule.

SCOUT PROMISE On my honor I will do my best:

1. To do my duty to God and my country, and to obey the scout

law; MUTUAL WORK 995

2. To help other people at all times;

3. To keep myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally

straight.

SCOUT LAW 1. A scout is trustworthy.

A scout's honor is to be trusted. If he violates his honor by telling a lie, or by cheating, or by not doing exactly a given task, when

he is trusted on his honor, he may be directed to hand over his scout badge. 2. A scout is loyal.

He is loyal to all to whom loyalty is due: his scout leader, his

home and parents, and his country.

3. A scout is helpful.

He must be prepared at any time to save life, help injured persons, and share the home duties. He must do at least one good turn to somebody every day.

4. A scout is friendly.

He iS a friend to all and a brother to every other scout.

5. A scout is courteous.

He is polite to all, esecially to women, children, old people and the weak and helpless. He must not take pay for being helpful or

courteous. 6. A scout is kind.

He is a friend to animals. He will not kill nor hurt any living

creature needlessly, but will strive to save and protect all harmless life.

7. A scout is obedient.

He obeys his parents, scout master, patrol leader, and all other duly constituted authorities.

8. A scout is cheerful.

is prompt He smiles whenever he can. His obedience to orders

and cheery. He never shirks nor grumbles at hardships.

9. A scout is thrifty.

He does not wantonly destroy property. He works faithfully,

wastes nothing, and makes the best use of his opportunities. He saves

his money so that he may pay his own way; be generous to those in

need, and helpful to worthy objects.

He may work for pay but must not receve tips for courtesies or good turns. 10. A scout is brave.

He has the courage to face danger in spite of fear, standing up for the right against the coaxing of friends or the jeers or threats of enemies; defeat does not down him.

11. A scout is clean.

He keeps clean in body and thought; he stands for clean speech,

clean sport, clean habits; and he travels with a clean crowd.

12. A scout is reverent.

He is reverent toward God. He is faithful in his religious duties,

and respects the convictions of others in matters of custom and religion.

The Boy Scout idea is a movement rather than an organization.

Scoutcraft has been made a part of Y. M. M. I. A. and is not a separate

organization.

The Scout movement endeavors to supply the required environments and ambitions through games and outdoor activities which lead a bov to become a better man and a good citizen.

Scouting develops the power of initiative and resourcefulness.

It helps boys.

It insures good citizenship.

996 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It takes the boy at that time of life when he is beset with the new and bewildering experiences of adolescence and diverts his thoughts therefrom to wholesome and worthwhile activities.

Doing is learning and when a scout in the formative stage of his life has this lesson thoroughly impressed on his mind, he has learned to be resourceful. Scoutcraft includes instruction in firstaid, lifesaving, tracking, signaling, nature study, campcraft, woodcraft, and

all other forms of handicrafts.

As an organization the Scout movement is not military in thought, form or spirit, although it does instil in the boy the military virtues, such as honor, loyalty, obedience and patriotism.

I have read the above and approve of the plan and purpose of the organization. This application is made with my knowledge and consent.

Date Signed by Parent or Guardian.

PRELIMINARY APPLICATION BLANK This blank should be filled in under the proper heading by the men chosen to be stake scoutmaster, ward scoutmaster or assistant ward scsoutmaster and mailed to the M. I. A. Scout Commissioner,

Deseret Gymnasium, Salt Lake City, who will return to the applicant the proper blanks for registering with the National Organization of The Boy Scouts of America.

Name Age at last birthday Ward, Stake Postoffice APPLICATION FOR STAKE SCOUT MASTER

If making application to be a stake scoutmaster answer the following questions:

What previous experiences if any, have you had in scout work or other organizations for boys or young men?

How many hours a week do you expect to be able to give to this work?

State the preparation you have made to supervise the scout workin the stake

What scout books or other scout literature have you read?

r As Stake Scout Mast er Superintendent of Stake APPLICATION FOR WARD SCOUT MASTER

If making application to be a ward scoutmaster answer the following questions.

How many boys have you who desire to become scouts?

How many of these boys have paid their 25 cent annual M. I. A.

Fund?How many hours a week do you expect to be able to give to this

work?

What scout books or other scout literature have you read?

We recommend:

, As Ward M. I. A. Scout Master

President of Ward Bishop of Ward MUTUAL WORK 997 APPLICATION FOR ASSISTANT SCOUT MASTER

If making application to be an assistant scout master answer the follownig questions:

Name of scout master Number of troop Is your scoutmaster registered with the National Organization?

What previous experience have you had in scout work?

We recommend:

Assistant M. I. A. Ward scout master

President of Ward - - Bishop of Ward On the reverse side will be printed suggestions on how to organize the scout work, which were printed in the May number of the Era, 1914.

HOW TO GET GOOD TIMBER FOR VOCATION WORK

The following letter has been forwarded to the ward Presidents of the Y. M. M. I. Associations, through the stake superintendents. In

this connection, officers will please note the letter to Seventies, in this number, under Priesthood Quorums'Table.

Dear Brother: Complaint is often made of the inability of stake

superintendents and ward presidents to find in the Associations persons suitable to act as Vocation Counselors to take charge of our

Vocational and Industrial work in the respective wards; and sometimes even in the stakes it is difficult to find suitable men for Vocational supervisors: and yet the success of our cause rests largely in

the finding of such suitable persons.

In view of these facts it has been thought proper to go to the

Seventies quorums in search of such suitable persons, where they cannot be found in the membership of our own organizations. The

matter has been taken up with the First Presidency of the Church, with the General Board, and with the First Council of Seventy, with the following result: The superintendency of the respective stakes

and the presidency of the ward Improvement associations will be at l-'prty to make application to the Seventy's quroums within their stakes and wards, for the purpose of finding such stake Vocational

Supervisors and ward Vocation Counselors as may be necessary to properly carry on this work.

The application may be made either by calling upon the councils of the quorums in person, or submitting in writing the application for the appointment of such suitable persons, as may be necessary. The

councils of the quorums by circular letter from the First Council of their organization, have been notified of these arrangements and will be prepared under their instructions to attend to the aforesaid requests. They have also been advised, in order that there may be no

conflict in authority or confusion in appointments, to consult with the bishops of the respective wards as to the selection proposed, that they may receive his sanction an dapproval, so that there may be a perfect union of effort in carrying out thisprosrram of bringing the necessary helo to the movement of securing intelligent direction in the matter of selecting vaocations for our youth.

action and We urge upon your association presidents prompt enthusiasm for this cause, as no better field for the accomplishment of great good presents itself for the activitives ofour organization.

Respectively yours, B. H. Roberts, in behalf of the Committee.

Passing Events

Onethird of the city of Salem, Massachusetts, was destroyed by fire on June 25, with a loss estimated at $10,000,000. Most of the historical landmarks of the city, however, were saved. A thousand

buildings were laid waste, and ten thousand people rendered homeless.

A direct telephcne line from New York to San Francisco was completed on Saturday, June 20, by the laborers setting the last pole in Nevada. Direct communication may now be had between New

York and San Francisco without delay, by telephone. The fees are

$18 per minute.

The Niagara Falls Mediation Conference adjourned lime 30, awaiting the hopedfor meetings between representatives of Huerta and Carranza. Their labors, though apparently in vain, have had a

wonderful influence in hastening the solution of the Mexican problem and the promised occupation of Mexico City by the Constitutionalists.

Prohibition has been adopted by all the political parties in Idaho.

Republicans, Progressives, and Democrats, all have gone on record in declaring for state wide prohibition in some form or other. Our

neighboring state is to be commmended for this action. Each of the

parties adopted a resolution in its platform favoring an amendment to the constitution which shall "forever prohibit the manufacture and sale of liquor in Idaho."

Murray, Utah, went "dry"again at the recent special election held

June 30.—Elections were also held in Midvale, Copperfield, and Sandy.

Copperfield went "dry"by a majority of four; Murray, by 14; and

Midvale went "wet"by 163; Sandv, by 50. The retaining of Murray

as a "dry"town was a distinct victory for the prohibitionists. The

Law and Order League of Murray, have determined that the "blind pis"and other illicit places for the distribution of liquor shall be wiped out completely, since the league have now the sentiment of the city with them and aganst the law breakers. The laws will doubtless

now be enforced without fear or favor.

The Moffat Tunnel, for the building of which the city of Denver recently voted a bond of $3,000,000, has received another setback.

The supreme court of Colorado recently declared the bond to be unconstitutional and invalid because it would be lending public money to foster private enterprise. It took many years to induce the people to make this provision for making the tunnel, and it is feared

it will take many more years now to raise the money to continue the work of building a road to Salt Lake through the Uintah reservation, from Denver, though some still have hopes that the project will succeed and that in the near future.

Baseball was sixtyeight years old, on June 19. Sixtyeight years

ago, on that date, the first match game of ball on record was plaved between the Knickerbocker and New York baseball clubs in the Elysian fields, at Hoboken, New Jersey. Today baseball holds the nation

in its grip. Over thirty million fans pay more than ten million dollars every season to watch the five thousand professional ball players

mnkinor up the more than fifty major and minor leagues. It is not

only the national game today but is rapidly becoming international.

PASSING EVENTS 999

The leading nations are beginning to adopt baseball as a national sport. It may well be said that the sun never sets on the kingdom of

baseball. However, some complaint is made this summer that the

enthusiasm for the game in this country is not as pronounced as usual.

West Virginia and prohibition. Statewide prohibition became

effective June 29, in West Virginia. There are now nine prohibition

states in the union: Georgia, Kansas, Maine, Mississippi, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and West Virginia. The

total prohibition territory and the local nolicense area make up 2,132,726 square miles in which 46,029,750, or nearly 50% of the country's copulation live, according to the latest figures of the prohibition leaders. West Virginia accepted the "dry"proposition with a majority vote of 92,000, relatively the largest ever given by any state.

The state has a population of 1,221,119, according to the census of 1910. A commissioner of prohibition for the state was appointed to

close twelve hundred liquor selling places in the state, which was promptly done.

A mimic war in the air was held at Vienna, June 20. The Austrian

army dirigible baloon "Kertling"and an aeroplane and other craft were engaged in the sham battle. The mosquito craft soon overtook

her big sister and immediately began a sham attack in encircling the airship several times at a height of fifteen hundred feet maneuvering to take a position directly above the airship. In coming down, the

ncse of the biplane crashed through the envelope of the airship and npptd it wide open. A terriffic explosion followed, the airship took

fire engulfing both the biplane and the airship, and in a few moments the remnants of both craft, with nine aviators, crashed on to the slopes of a mountain. The heat was so great that the watches of

nen were melted in coming down, and the bodies were so charred and mangled that they were scarcely recognizable. This is one of

me greatest accidents in the history of aerial flight

Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the throne of AustroHungary, and his morganatic wife, the Duchess of Hohenburg, were assassinated in Sarajavo, the capital of Bosnia, on June 28, by a young Herzegovinian student named Prinzip, who discharged an automatic pistol at them, killing them almost instantly as they were returning from the town hall after a reception. A bomb was first thrown at the royal

automobile but it exploded in the street without doing any serious damage. The assassination is believed to express the resentment of

many Serbes at the annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina by Aus tria in 1908, for which Franz Ferdinand was held largely responsible.

The children of the archduke, owing to his morganatic marriage, cannot succeed to the throne, hence the next heir is archduke Karl

Franz Josef. The murder caused the aged emperor of Austria great

sorrow, and the people throughout Austria much apprehension. It is

feared that there are Servian plots to detach Bosnia and Herzegovina from Austria. This adds one more difficulty to the great troubles of

the Balkan district.

Duchesne will be the name of a new county in Utah, authorized by vote of the people of the old Wasatch county, on Monday, July 13. For some time agitation has been going on to divide Wasatch

county, the east half to be called Duchesne, and the west half to retain the old name. By a substantial majority vote, the people both

on the east side and on the west side agreed to the division of the county. The Wasatch "Wave"informs its readers that the assessed

valuation of Wasatch county, in 1914, west of the proposed new line 1000 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was $1,932,587, while the assessed valuation east of the proposed new line, which will now be called Duchesne, is $1,209,347, a figure larger than the valuation, in 1912, in each of the following counties:

Kane, Garfield, Piute, San Juan, Wayne, and Washington. The following cities and towns are located in the west, of Wasatcl county:

Heber, Midway, Charleston, Wallsburg, Elkhorn, Center, Daniels,

Riverdale, Bench Creek. The following settlements are located in the

proposed new Duchesne county; Havden, Packer, Cedarview, Alexander, Roosevelt, Myton, Lake Fork, Boneta, Midview, Antelope, Theodore, Stockmore, Frnitland. The east side will have the largest share

of territory much of which is undeveloped.

Mexico. Zacatecas, a city in Central Mexico, was captured by

General Villa, June 23, after four days of preliminary fighting. The

battle with the Federals was the most hotly contested during the present revolution. Fourteen thousand Federals were entrenched

in almost impregnable positions. Villa's loss in dead is put at 2,200,

and the Federal loss at about 4,500, rive thousand prisoners besides were captured. Many officers fell, among them, it is said, was

Colonel Fierro, who it is generally believed was the murderer of W.

S. Benton, an English ranch owner whose death was a matter of

diplomatic inquiry last winter. The difficulty between Villa and Carranza continued, and it was stated at one time that ammunition had

been denied to Villa which caused his delay on the march to Mexico

City. On the 8th of July Guadalajara on the west coast, fell before

the Constitutionalists'forces, twelve thousand Federals being utterly routed by General Alvaro Obregon, leader of the Constitutionalists.

For three days the fight continued, only a few Constitutionalists being killed. Five thousand out of twelve thousand Federals were

taken prisoners with much ammunition and large supplies. On July

13 General Huerta sent his family, via Vera Cruz, on the way to

Europe, and on the 15th he presented his resignation as Provisional

President, to the Senate and Chamber of Deputies, who accepted it by a vote of 121 to 17. General Victoriano Huerta who has occupied the Provisional Presidency for about 17 months then turned

his office over to Francisco Carbajal, The new Provisional President.

The resignation and the change was received calmly by the populace.

General Huerta in the text of his resignation assigns his failure to the "outrage committed at Vera Cruz by the American Fleet."To

show that he was not seeking his personal interests, but that of the republic, General Huerta closed his resignation by saying, "Some say I, come what may, seek my personal interest and not that of the republic, and as I need to refute this allegation with facts, I tender my formal resignation of the presidency of the republic."General

Huerta took the oath as Provisional President of Mexico, February 19, 1913, the day after Francisco I. Madero had been arrested at the

national palace. Three days later Madero and vicepresident Suarez

were shot to death under guard while being taken from the palace to the penitentiary, and their deaths have never been explained satisfactorily. Huerta telegraphed President T-aft: "I have the honor

t} inform you that I have overthrown this government. The forces

are with me, and from now on peace and prosperity will reign."But

the Constitutionalists under Carranza and Villa continued the warfare, which has now ended in the flight of Huerta and the downfall of his administration, which has been one of the bloodiest in the history of Mexico. Negotiations for a peaceful entrance into the City of

Mexico by the Consttutionalist forces were going on, but on the 21 si of July it was said Carbajal would not surrender unconditionally to

Carranza.

Utah Agricultural V>| "t % In a clean, healthful, moral community. Excellent equipment. Progressive faculty. I i/"\ I I Qf

Practical Education Emphasized Agriculture—Courses in Agronomy, Horticulture, Animal Husbandry, Dairying, etc.

Home Economics—Domestic Science and

Domestic Art, Art and Music.

Mechanic Arts—Carpentry, Blacksmithing

and Machine Work in their various phases.

Agricultural Engineering—Irrigation and

Drainage, Road Building, Hydraulics, Construction of Farm Buildings, etc.

Commerce—Finance and Banking, Accounting, Industrial Management, etc.

Correspondence Courses in all departments.

Special Practical Courses for persons 18 years of age or over.

Send for Catalogue. A personal letter to the

President will be promptly considered. Address, The President, Agricultural College,

Logan, Utah.

School Opens, Sept. 22, 1914 "the state is our campus"

for Round Trip $35 Three Daily to CALIFORNIA 1 4-20-2 1 -2 7- Principles Sale Dates—June 1 3-

28. July 4-5-1 1-12

1 "Safety First"Return Limit, 29 Days.

July 1819-2526. August 1- 2 "Courtesy'*

2-8-9-1516-2223-2930 Return Limit, 60 Days—Stopovers 3 "Careful Attention

to Details."

By these Each Operating Employ* $40 of the FOR ROUND TRIP

Tickets on Sale Daily to September 30th. Return Limit Oct. 31st Pledges

His Faith.

For Information Apply to Tickets on Sale at all Utah Stations

Se Your Agent or Write CITY TICKET OFFICE. Hotel Utah

J. H. MANDERF1ELD, Salt Lake City

A. G. P. A.. SALT LAKE CITY

1 HE IMPROVEMENT ERAWHEN WRITING 1U ADrhKUthK*. PLEASE MENTION

...

Inc. OLSEN & GRIFFITH CO. OPPOSITE HOTEL UTAH

"The Photographers in Salt Lake City"(A SPECIAL RATE FOR MISSIONARIES;

"If we would spend as much time in thinking of things for boys and girls to do, as we now spend in thinking of the evil things they do, we would soon have a better crop of boys and girls."

In this number of the ERA, M. I. A. officers will find Important instructions on the 1915 contests, the program for meetings, the leadership campaign, boy scout instruction, etc. Read what Dr. Brimhall says of leaders

and leadership.

Elder Harold I. Goodwin, Nurnberg, Germany, April 24: "Nothing

affords us greater pleasure than reading the instructive articles in the Era.

We look forward with pleasure to its monthly appearance for it is indeed a welcome visitor and contains just such teaching and information as are needed by the elders."

Improvement Era, August, 1914 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J- Grant, Business Manager Editors

Edward H. Anderson, ) | Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Camp on the Upper Weber River Alfred Lambourne 899900 "Science Falsely so Called"Dr. Robert C. Webb 901

Discoveries on the Colorado—VIII. Illustrated Joseph H. Anderson 910

The Putit-offs. A Poem 916

The Parable of the Minted Coin Dr. James E. Talmage 917

The Spirit of Truth. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend 919

A Century of Peace. Illustrated Frank C. Steele 920

An Appreciation. A Poem Sarah E. Hawley Pearson.. 926

The Master Orator R. Verne McCullough 927

A Tear. A Poem Jean H 930

The Shadow Party. A Story Elizabeth Cannon Porter.. 931

Undaunted Be. A Poem Maud Baggarlery 934

The Bible Beirlah M. World, A. B... 935

The Sometime and the Now. A Poem Lon J. Haddock 937

Love's Message. A Story H. R. Merrill 938

"Prove Thy Faith by Thy Works".Dr. James E. Talmage 940

Nineteenth Annual Conference of the M. I. A 948

Development of Leaders and Leadership Dr. George H. Brimhall.. 967

"The Title of Liberty."A Poem F. E. Barker 971

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the Book of

Mormon—VI Thomas W. Brookbank 972

The Pioneers. A Poem. Luke Cosgrave 976

Commercialized Vice and the Remedy George A. Startup 977

The Vision—The Dream. A Poem Ma-.:d Baggarley 980 Editors'Table—Science and Evolution—Parables—"Treasures in Heaven"—Character—981

Messages from the Missions 984

Priesthood Quorums'Table 990 Mutual Work—Of Interest to Scouts—How to

Get Good Timber for Vocation Work 994

Passing Events 998 JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST, by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Cloth Binding - $.75

HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, by his mother

Cloth Binding - $1.00

Gilt Morocco - 2.50

Send orders to iriPROVEriENT ERA.

20-2 1 -22 B.shop's Building Salt Lake City, Utah

&di

RBMINGTON AUTOLOADING RIFLE—ONE OF BROWNING'S PATBNT8

Send for oar Catalogue—150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

In it you -will find described the above Rifle together with all other standard makes of firearms.

CO.. UTAH. BROWNING BROS.

ESTABLISHED I860 INCORPORATED 1908

S. M. TAYLOR & CO

UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS SUCCESSORS TO

E. JOSEPH TAYLOR

The Pioneer Undertaker off the West 53 years in one looation 251253-255257 East First South St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

MODERN METHODS EFFICIENT SERVICE COMPLETE EQUIPMENT

IVHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Take a Grafonola i with you on your Canyon trip.

You'll need one and nothing will add so much real pleasure and enjoyment. $32.80 $5 Cash, $5 a Month

buys a genuine Columbia Grafonola

All the Music of and 12 double disc records—24

selections in all, and these include all All the World the latest dance and tango records*

If you own a disc machine Cail or write for Free Catalogues.

send 25 cents for a genuine Columbia double disc record, ent postpaid.

Older than the State of Utah

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. end General Mgr.

Axel B. C. Ohlson, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

OFFICERS

joseph f. smith,

pr esident w. s. mccormick.

VicePresident grant hampton, Secy S Treas, GEO. T. ODELL,

Gen'l Manager G. G. WRIGHT, Asst, Genl Mqr, DIRECTORY

JOSEPH F. SMITH FRANCIS M. LYMAN

W. S. Mc COR NICK THOS. R. CUTLER

GEO. T. ODELL WILLIAM 8PRY

G. G. WRIGHT JAMES L. WRATHALL

C. S. BURTON HEBER SCOWCROFT

JAMES H. MOYLE GEO. D. KEYSER

W. W. ARMSTRONG

'/ HEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA