The Improvement Era March 1959 '- y.::.';':":''.-'y.',\ ':;\'- M. ''''': '.'':'"'. '":'-":'. /'""."',''"yyyyyy ''-.: -..."''.":'"-."'.""'-"."J-,"."':"../:"'":.'',";..",':.

X

X-

Every Orient & Pacific liner has two swimming pools. Can you spot the mermaid in this one?

Orient & Pacific! Sail to Europe next summer from California—on

THIS is the West Coast's new way to Europe day and you're in London—rested and ready for

Twenty sunlit days of swimming, dancing, the second half of your European holiday.

sightseeing and parties on a golden Orient & Orient & Pacific Lines offer two great new

Pacific liner—bound for France and England. European sailings for 1959. The Chusan sails

You sail from either San Francisco, Vancouver from California June 21st, the Orcades July 1st.

or Los Angeles to the fantastic Panama Canal. What does the trip cost? As little as $392

Next stop Trinidad. Then on to romantic Madeira tourist, $650 first class! See your travel agent

(Las Palmas if you sail on the Chusan) where soon. These are popular sailings.

you can toboggan down a 3000ft. mountain and Orient & Pacific Lines: Suite D, 210 Post

sightsee in bullock carts. Street, San Francisco. Cunard Line: General

Three days later you are in Le Havre, another Passenger Agents in United States and Canada.

CHOCOLATE rengmns

Smart new party cookie

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Discipline White cdcoanut of Colloquy From the Aelfric a cream center—instructiondialogue for the in Latin

of schoolboys in Latin of the year cloaked in rich 1005 A.D. an insight is given into dark chocolate

discipline of that day. The teacher

asks: "Are you ready to be flogged

while you learn?"The pupils answer: "We would rather be flogged

for learning's sake than be ignorant";

but they add: "We know that thou

art a humane man, and wilt not beat us unless our conduct compels thee."

A Lot of Checks With 11 billion checks drawn in the United States in 1957, banks are turning increasingly to electronic equipment for automation of check handling. Semiau-

tomatic electronic posting machines add or subtract checks to depositors'accounts, while other machines sort checks and do computing. When standards

are announced by the American Bankers'Association, banks will be able to use magnetic preprinted checks with the depositor's account number and bank number. Banks

will imprint the amount of the check when returned to them. Checks can

then be automatically sorted, posted, and listed by name of account, name of bank, and amount of check by electronic handling of magnetic data.. Electronics estimates the

10year market in electronic bookkeeping machines at $700 million.

MARCH 1959 129 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Sill?i.5'*lS;,7>1''.x ill@3i:SWillllilSP:ill k?m:im

iii&ttlS 11II11S K'miaifmmw

.......

*i:| Hin:::.!: "'.''. K>pp:&

IIIiPIK: '

*.:...'8;!!'::.:::> isiisiisssgiSss;llilfi?#&&&$&&&$

Contents for March 1959 Volume 62, Number 3

Church Features Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement The Editor's Page: The Necessity of Repentance, President David O. McKay.142 Associations,Committee, DepartmentWard Teachers,of Education,Music

agencies of the other Jesus Christ of Your Question: Salvation of Women Whose Husbands Will Not Embrace andChurch the Gospel, President Joseph Fielding Smith 144 Latterday Saints. of

A Wonderful Priesthood Employment Program, Donald Davis......161

The Church Moves On, 136; Melchizedek Priesthood: Watchmen, What of Your Flock, 156;

The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 162.

Special Features

Kangaroo Court, Hugh Nibley 145

South African Mission, John G. Kinnear. 149

Leadership Development: Prisoner's Base, Sterling W. Sill 158

Sweet Sixteen (So That's What Boys Are Made OfVIII) ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

W. Cleon Skousen 164 JohnCover,Davenport,Elder Haroldart, B.129.Lee153, 173,

208 Counseling, Effective Guidance and Wendel Johnson 172 142 Cannon, Ted art, 146, 178 Burton, Dave Pleadings Farnworth Dead, 174 Lois Anne From the Fisher, 149 G. Glen

The People vs. Me, Esther Freshman 178 ArthurDennis English,Cleaver, 151151

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans.....182, 192, 204 WilliamAlf Lees,Blake,151 art, 156

art, 158, 159 Kilhourn, S. the Universe, Franklin 129; Harris, Jr., Exploring Court Times: These The Supreme and Dale 166 165, Max Tharpe,

art, 171 Crosby, Ronald Letters 132; Problem, the Federal Reports, G. Bookrack, Durham, and 138; 140; Homer

art, 172 Reynolds, Ralph Thoughts for Inspirational Talks, 153; Be Honest With Yourself, 176. Marilyn Stillman, art, 174

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock

Mush Is For Us 198 Bride's Corner 202 The Last Word 208

Stories, Poetry Aunt Jody, Nurse of the San Juan Frontier, Albert R. Lyman 154

Bear Valley (Second of Two Parts), Douglas H. Thayer 170

Poetry 148, 152, 168, 176, 201, 207

Production David O. McKayEditor;andAlbertRichardL. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., Editors;Research DoyleEditor;L-JohnCreen,C. Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoffitt,

and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

JosephThayerT.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager;Representative.Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; THE COVER:

The heautu and splendor of in the Falls Victoria the Inc., Saints. of Associations the of Latterday published All rights Funds, Copyright Christ Improvement 1959 Church Jesus by by the Mutual Mutual and the seven one of Rhodesias, in advance;of year, for special single in issues. a year, $2.50 reserved. Subscription price, advance; subscriptions, foreign 25c copy, $3.00 a except

world, the of wonders natural at Salt Office, in section rate of 1103. the Post for mailing for City, Act special provided Entered matter. as secondclass Lake postage Utah Acceptance

Elder 1917, by of Octoberat as photographed authorized 2, 1918. July

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l%c Harold B. Lee of the Council

;ind sufficient return. delivery postage word be a must by and accompanied his recent on the Twelve of

for notice days'Thirty a of address. required change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address change visit to Whenfor African the South

is cannot be unless changes the old the well as address as madeis included. neworderingone Mission.

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How well do you know the SCRIPTURES?

,>.i6l&aiaeM.

J mm SCRIPTURIZER

Compiled by Hugh Pinnock Scripture Memorization Cards

Missionaries, teachers in Sunday School, Priesthood, and Seminary—all students of the gospel—will want

these exceptional sets of scripture cards.

scriptures from includes 300 New and Old scriptures. Latterday All?C?TCfiv* r.A Testaments and

the necessary scriptures for preaching the gospel.

scriptures in includes all Set A plus an for scriptures 200 memorization 1 C* DD additional or handy use in lesson and talk preparation.

SET A-300 cards $2.95

i&ftiiWf SET B-500 cards $4.95

mmim Each set of cards comes in handy box.mi

for Good Reading

Matching pocketsized editions of the Standard

Works. The ideal gift for a missionary, for the

traveling man or woman, or the student away from home... or for anyone who enjoys good

reading.

Missionary Pocket Bible Complete with LDS Ready Reference and Concordance. Page size 2> l/4

uine leather binding. Morocco x S l/A. Gen- O.JU&X> CA

Pocket Triple Combination Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price, bound in genuine leather. $6.00

White leather $6.75 These New aids will help you

learn faster, easier

DESERET BOOK COMPANY SCRIPTURIZERS WILL BE READY ABOUT

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah MARCH 25 Gentlemen:

Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have an account. Please charge it. ( ) Set A ( ) Set B

( ) Pocket Bible { ) Pocket Triple Combination ( ) White

Leather.

Amount enclosed $ DeseretBIIBooh* Co.

44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah -J

City Zone....... State

Residents o-f Utah include 2% sales tax.

MARCH 1959 131 These Times

The Supreme

Court Building Washington, D. C.

A Good The Supreme Court Neighbor and the Federal Problem

Safeway Stores, born in Idaho and first expanded into Utah, have always been inbv Dr. G. Homer Durham

terested and active in comVice President, University of Utah munity affairs. Safeway

constantly tries to do its part to serve and build the communities in which it operIn 1833 Alexis de Tocqueville tional facilities for white and ates. wrote colored races ire inherently unSafeway has membership "The President who exercises a equal"and deprive persons of the

in every Chamber of Comlimited power may err without causequal protection of the laws in viomerce where it has a store. ing great mischief in the state. Conlation of the Fourteenth AmendIt supports the Boy Scouts, gress may decide amiss without ment. The decree issued May 17,

Girl Scouts, health, welfare, destroying the Union because the 1954 remanded the cases to the recreation and other activielectoral body in which Congress courts below which originally heard ties of the community. originates may cause it to retract its them, enjoining them to make

Managers of Safeway decision by changing its members. "prompt and reasonable start toward

Stores, carefully chosen for But if the Supreme Court is ever full compliance"with the decision initiative and leadership, are composed of imprudent men or bad "that racial discrimination in public active as officers in civic and citizens, the Union may be plunged education is unconstitutional."

service clubs as well as into anarchy or civil war."(DemocThe court had several courses of

church organizations. They racy in America, American edition, action open for its decree. Professor

also participate in worthy N. V., 1851, pp. 160161. John P. Roche suggested ( in an artifund-raising and charitable Most people today would disagree cle in the University of Pennsylvania

projects. with de Tocqueville's evaluation of Law Review, October 1954) that

In every possible way, the presidency. But from time to Harry S. Truman be appointed a

Safeway strives to play its time current opinion exists which special master to supervise the depart in the activities that subscribes to his view regarding the cision. Professor David Fellman of

build up or better the comSupreme Court. the. University of Wisconsin felt that

munities where its stores are "The real cause of the danger,"failure by the court to issue a forthlocated. the remarkable Frenchman wrote, right decree in 1954 was "an open

Safeway Takes Pride in Serving "does not lie in the constitution of invitation to prolong the controthe tribunal, but in the very nature versy."

the Customer and the Community of federal governments."We have since seen how Governor

The "federal problem"is bigger Faubus acted on this opportunity, than the Supreme Court. The presas well as the "massive resistance"

ent discussion stems from the 1954 laws in Virginia.

decision, Brown vs. Board of EducaThe many technical aspects of the SAFEWAY tion of Topeka: When provided case ultimately rest with the "federal

under state law, "separate educaproblem."At this point, reference

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JTC

ft,0r

Postum is the natural whole grain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes Another fine product

from General Foods. so good... and it's so good for you! to*

100% coffeefree

MARCH 1959 133 to a good dictionary to look up the RomanEuropean pattern. "Federmeaning of such words as "federal,"alism"attempts to divide and dis-

"sovereignty,"and "unitary"may tribute that which by definition is a few steps wellof politicaladd to institutionsthe reader'sandappreciationof Amer- "indivisible,"When the namely,Constitution"sovereignty."of the

ican life. United States was ratified, the

into of States America came constitutional, as a federal from the statedThe as"federalfollows: problem"a political maysociety,be Unitedexistence

organized on the complex principle republic. "Federalism"is the most

TEMPLE antithesis,of "federalism,"of a politicallyis the denial,organizedthe fundamentaltution. It wasdoctrineviewedof theby learnedConstisociety as generally conceived by commentators of the dav as an

impossi- a general monstrosity, an conanomaly, race. The

civiliGROUNDS... theception,humanespecially bility, or a contradiction. in western FederThe

zation, assumes the existence of alist (1788), and John Adams'Deunified "sovereignty,"or final sufense of the Constitutions (1790) preme authority and the ability and were viewed as apologies rather willingness to use it; or, "the singlethan as convincing agreements for

will state,"cultural and geographic a new order.

diversity to the contrary. The American federalism also proSoviet state illustrates. The Euroceeded from the premise that the

pean state system generally exhibits state is the work of men. ("We, the

central "sovereignty."Such "unitary"people... do ordain and establish"

structure as contrasted with our says the preamble.) The contrary

"federal"structure, has been the view was that the state is an organic principal theoretical model for orgrowth, rooted in nature and desganizing governments until the time tined by nature to exist and survive... and your car is of the Constitution of the United only when characterized by soverparked but a few States. The simple point is that the eign strength and a single will. The

steps from your room. United States of America is organConstitution proposed the inner

ized on a different principle than workings of a federal republic; thirEvery comfort and other governments of its day. It was teen (now fortynine) little republics

convenience public,"organizeda schemein 1789 thoughtas a "federalto be imre- withinimplicationsa largeforrepublic,groups withand allgroupthe practical if not impossible at that sociology. Within such a system,

Free radio and television time. power and authority are always

The epitome of the European state shifting. There may be, theoreticalReasonable rates (see Bodin and Hobbes) was the conly, final, legal, supreme authority—

cept of "sovereignty."Sovereignty but it is not always ready, willing,

Inviting swimming pool was defined as final supreme authornor able to act. Foreign students,

(during summer season) ity. Sovereignty was the sine qua non used to the workings of a "unitary

of the state. Without sovereignty, a state,"are constantly confused in

Familystyle state did not exist. Sovereignty was trying to understand the intricacies

"Crossroads"restaurant aof simplethe mostanswer—toocomplicatedsimple—toproblemsone Williamof the AmericanAndersonsystem.of the UniversityProfessor

of human thought and societal strucof Minnesota has written:

Next time you drive to Salt ture—the nature of the state. But it "I believe that the government of

Lake, be sure to plan the was a durable and satisfactory anthe United States under the Conextra pleasure of staying at swer to the men of western Christenstitution, is probably the greatest the dom who knew Augustine, Aquinas, achievement of the entire human the Papacy, Calvin; or, who knew race up to now in the construction

such persons as that "most dread of a political system that will proSovereign"(as the Biblical scholars vide strong and active government referred to "the most high and for every national and local need and mighty Prince, James, by the Grace emergency, and at the same time enof God, King of Great Britain, sure a maximum attainable personal

France, and Ireland..."in the flyliberty and popular control over

leaf of our Bibles). what a government does."(The NaConsequently the states of that tion and The States, 1955, p. xi.

day, and many since, were organThe framers of the Constitution, ized on the principle of "monism"; at least Hamilton among them, had

HOTEL UTAH ofCharlesmonistic,A. Beardunitaryused tosovereignty.say, "the fewing afearsnationalthat theystate werewith notadequatecreatinfluence of Rome hangs too heavily power and authority. Hamilton

states crushing the "federal"about the west."over no bones The made

or late Rebellion."the the exceptional MOTOR LODGE are comers to "Whiskey However,

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA process of nullification carries on to the present day. Nullification, always a process of government (as

pointed out by Schuyler Wallace in the Political Science Quarterly many years ago) has its opportunities multiplied in a federal system. The

areas into which nullification and political dissent can retreat and build new political forces are almost without number in American federalism. Thus Governor Faubus'expression as quoted in the New York

Times, Sunday, October 12, 1958, has more than demagogic meaning: "As

long as the people (of Arkansas) stand firm, a way will be found to preserve our traditions and educate our favorite meals:our children."

James Madison pointed out some possibilities,of the between the lines and..."

least,at Federalist in the famous LUMBERJACK and hotcakes, Lumberjack and waffles, Lumberjack and biscuits!"paper, No. X. He argued that "Lumberjack

within the constitutional federal reIt's always "Lumberjack and"- many other public, no one faction, no single will could ever dominate the whole. It foods smothered in this real mapleflavored

never has. syrup that brings family praise at our house.

Woodrow Wilson, attempting to You wouldn't believe there could be so much trace John Austin's "analytical"difference in syrups until you actually tastetheory of law and sovereignty Lumberjack yourself. ThenLumberjack and a5ftl

through the American practice of only Lumberjack will be your syrup.

his to day, felt "driven that say with LOOK FOR THE NEW NALLEY'S LABEL WHEN YOU BUY. THE SYMBOL OF FINE FOODS

its restsus sovereignty in entirety with that not very determinate body of persons, the people of the United

States, the powers of sovereignty resting with the state and federal authorities by delegation from the C&UGjCJ d vnQTEJL people."( The State, 1889.

The reality of what Wilson deTHE scribed as "the state federal and au-

I thorities,"—or as CENTERof see what we

Faubus, the Arkansas legislature, the Announcing the opening CONVENIENCE

Little Rock school board, the Little of a new Covey addition! i

Rock private school corporation,..individually controlled heating and air

the state and federal courts, the conditioning... wallto-wall carpeting..

citizens'N.A.A.C.P., the white coun-

... instant areas dressing semiprivate

cils, U. S. Attorney General Rogers,... 1... radios rooms ocatta* TV i otet President Eisenhower, and the NORTH combinations paratilereception and shower baths, tub

"not troopers—are TEMPLE very determinate"

appointed rooms. Now 320 beautifully save in the long of political process '

adjustment. Wilson said the diffiCarlTs Beauty Salon—Barber shop

culty could be avoided (as Chief Coming soon

Justice Warren and associates have HOT assumed) "If law be defined"in SHOPPES

America in the Austinian sense, as "the command of an authorized public organ, acting within the sphere ''Food for the whole family". Ample pa rkinL I

of its competence."Wilson stated

in his work The State, (1889), howMAIN STREET at FIFTH SOUTH Phone EM 3-6781 ever, that "the only difficulty left by Now fwo entrances for easy convenience; Main Street; also West Temple

this solution is that of making room in our system for both a sovereign WANTED Send Your Friends people of the single state and a sovYoung Tax Expert—Acc't-Atty. to THE

ereign people join business In firm as employeethe of the Union."

required. IMPROVEMENT associate. (Continued Brown on page 188) No investment

Write... ERA

Hospital, 117 East 8th Street 12 issues $2.50 in U.S.A.

Long Beach, California MARCH 1959 135 Feastmaster BARBECUES Complete barbecue units, ready for easy installation. Handsomely styled of

sturdy steel construction. Simple to

operate. Easily removed for cleaning

or storage. The Church

Moves On

PT500 January 1959 It was announced that the Bee Hive House, which since 1920

Model PT500 (pit type) and Model has been used as a temporary residence for young women

CT400 (cabinet style) for kitchen, patio coming to Salt Lake City seeking employment or to continue or outdoor use. Crank raises or lowers their education, is being vacated. The Young Women's Mutual

executives Association building the turned back Improvement 1. It for other purposes. fire, grill remains stationary. Black or February will be used by the Church

copperhammertone finish. Together with the annex, the old Rossiter home, situated just north

of the Bee Hive House, a total of eightynine girls could be provided

CT400 for in the home operated by the YWMIA.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Weldon V. Moore as president of the Australian Mission,

succeeding President Zelph Y. Erekson. President Moore is

a former bishop of Monument Park Ward, Monument Park (Salt

Lake City) Stake. At the time of this appointment he was serving

as a member of the high council in that stake. Mrs. Moore and

their two children, Carolynne (Lynne) and Richard, will accompany him on this mission.

are night This wherever Mutual"Mutuals "Meet was Me at at night evenings. held Mutual"Tuesday "Meet was Me sg-L\ in not other during the Tuesday where wards was weekModel OD300. Burns wood or charMIA night.held

coal. Adjustable fuel grate. Black finish.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Feastmasters are of States Mission, the Eastern as president G. Smith Gerald..... -"; rustinhibitive **sk President Smith President Theodore Jacobsen. C. succeeding

,l',l,'primed and L// in is (Salt Bonneville the as first counselor serving currently Lake painted with = J3 Square. has is a guide presidency on Stake City) Temple and He

heatresistant served in a district presidency in the Eastern States Mission, as a nontoxic baked member of the high council in Washington (D. C.) Stake, and is a

Grillsenamel. of the Men's of the general board Mutual Young former member.i**"*-'""are plated. 5MB to mission Association. headquarters with him Going Improvement

J HKli in New York City are Mrs. Smith and their two sons, Gerald, Jr., OD300 03,.:> *sv r<i and Craig. The couple also has a married daughter.

Electric motor V"NVs The appointment of Elder Blaine Watts of Midvale, Utah, y'k spit available Os.and the of Bountiful, Utah, to Elder and Ira Angus Newsome

<-. >; - 1 Feastmaster j for all general of the Men's Improvement Mutual board Young

models. Scouters are veteran % J*M'Association and announced. was Both men

hold the Silver Beaver award.

SOLD THROUGH LEADING S. of Lillian Mrs. Warner, appointment H. Miss The Lynn Jy A MATERIALBUILDING AND of Clearfield, City; of Salt Mrs. Bennion lone R. Boyce, both Lake

DEALERSLUMBER EVER WHERE. w to B. of Bountiful, the Lila general Utah, Mrs. Utah, and Walch

board of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association

WRITE TODAY for FREE was announced.

DETAILED INFORMATION A three percent increase in the number of individual awards for girls in 195758 compared with 195657 was disclosed by the

SUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO. Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association. For the period

Designers and manufacturers of HEA7FORM ending June 30,'1958, the total was 39,736; for the period ending

warm aircirculafing fireplace units June 30, 1957, it was 38,218. ( Continued on page 176

Dept. IE Dept. IE

4325 Artesia Avenue 601 No. Point Rd.

Fullerton, Calif. Baltimore 6, Md.

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bring your garden (and your gardener) indoors

with newTrimline Doors by Fuller FULLER PRODUCTS FOR COMFORT

AND BEAUTY INCLUDE:

Here for the first time is a quality sliding door any home can afford Trimview Shower Doors Trimview Tub Enclosures * Fuller—with features never before built into a competitively priced door. Lifetime Mirrors Sliding Windows (& Screens) Medicine

Trimline's simplified design makes it possible. Look what Trimline can Cabinets Trimview Casement Windows Louvre Windows

Interior Sliding Glass Trimline Doors (& Screens) Trimview&do for your home when you build or remodel: Your living room becomes

Products Pittsburgh Glass Wallpaper & Exterior Paintsas big as all outdoors—yet you're fully protected against drafts and

moisture. The heavygauge aluminum frames have a beautiful, corrosion-resistant finish. The sliding panel glides open whispersmooth. Take

your choice of five handle types, single or double glass, or even Fuller's special gray glass. Sliding screens are optional, too. Discover what modern interest you can give your home—and how economically Trimline ULLERPAINTS GLASS

Sliding Glass Doors can help you do it. See your Fuller Dealer soon.

no other folding chair book. May it continue to spread the

gospel to us all and to our nonmember it associates inadvertently pick up who has the strength rich engrossed with its mesand become sages. It alone is a very strong missionary.

Thank you again.

the durability Sincerely,/s/ Mrs. Jerome B. Westergren

look of upholstery of

AUCKLAND'S FIRST GOLD & GREEN BALLSamsonite Letters "Blue Star,"the first With the theme stake Gold and Green ball in Auckland

Stake ( New Zealand ) was held October 24, 1958. and Several wards and branches presentedPlastiShield floor shows, with seventy couples participating. The girls were dressed in white

ballerinalength dresses with blue bandethe folding chair Reports blackloes, andtrousers,the youngwhite menshirts,wereanddressedblue tiesin and sashes. (Above: A group of entertainers; below: Dancers in action.)

that can't scuff

scratch or stain! YOUTH ACHIEVES

Carole Ann Eitel of the Richmond Ward, Virginia Stake, has received six individual YWMIA awards, and has served that organization as organist, ward secretary, activity counselor, and as stake secretary. Shehas

also served as PriCarole Ann Eitel mary and Sunday School organist. She was valedictorian

of her high school graduating class at

Battlefield Park High School, and served as student body president, assistant editor of both the school newspaper and yearbook, choir accompanist, assistant director of the high school choir, and regional representative of the Virginia State Student

Council Association. She was the only

LDS member at high school. She is now

attending Brigham Young University on a scholarship. Carole is the daughter of

Elder and Mrs. George L. Eitel of Ellerson,

Electrically welded tubular steel conVirginia.

struction Contoured seats and backs

Easy folding action Safety, selfad- justing hinges Chip and rustresist- ant finish 11 new colors. Salt Lake City

Editors, to this opportunity taking pass I'm on husband and I are both converts to our regrets so and those of younow at a new low price DearAs my Seattle, Washington Dear Editors: many

to the Church, we thoroughly enjoy your others expressed to us, at the loss of the magazine and its informative articles. poetry page in the Era. Surely some

It seems very odd to us that almost every lovely thing went out of our lives, some time we come across a particularly conlovely link to the other days when theSamsonite fusing problem, the next issue of the Era world was less materialistic, when that its of explanation illustration that a complete problem. page with discontinued. was folding chairs has

this hardly pick you so I can Thank wonderful Era up the and read it much for

For church, club, other group seating information, see Yellow Pages (CHAIRS, folding) or write: Shwayder

Bros., Inc., Dept. IE3, Detroit 29, Mich. 1959

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for the pain of my nostalgia! I hope those GIANTS IN

in charge feel the need of its return to our lives. It is as established a thing in

my mind as the Christmas News, Christmas story and poem, and the Eliza R. Snowpoetry contest, and Christmas cards! CHURCH LITERATURE

Lots of love and some sorrow, Dott and Paul Roberts

Rancroft, Idaho Dear Editors:

The Era is getting prettier all the time, LEADERSHIP poetry fought you miss the pagebut I do

I think years, the By Sterling W. Sill for soto and many keep

poets should be listed on the table of contents page. I always read the poems A brilliantfirst, and reread them, and they are hard ly written book dethisto find way.

the May new year be kind. to you in finervoted toleadership.buildingevery way.

Sincerely, Will help everyone Frances C. Yost realize the full

measure of his ability. Hundreds

Mesa, Arizona of meaningful stoDear Editors: ries. Marvelous for

Herewith is our subscription for the talks, lessons, and

Era.We have had the Era in our home for discussions. Fasover forty years and never want to be cinating, stimulatwithout it. Rut I want to agree with Jering and enriching.

reld L. Newquist in the November issue $3.50

with reference to footnotes. The present

system is very awkward in having to find the page where they are all listed together then search out the reference you want.

Footnotes and cross references should by all means be at the bottom of the page as SCIENCE AND states.he

YOUR FAITH Sincerely, L. S. Kartchner IN GDD

The burning Los Angeles, California question, "Can

The Improvement Era science and religion

An apt name indeed for the very milbe harmonized?"is

lennium itself, an era of steady, happy, answered by outever-increasing growth toward the spiritual standing scientists:

ultimate.

In the words of Angier, "God is working Henry Eyring, Carl his purpose out, as year succeeds to year—Christensen, John

What shall we do to work God's work, A. Widtsoe, Hartheto [Mormonhood] prosper and increase Fletcher,

reign all of the Prince vey mankind,of and the

S. Harris, Franklinof Peace?"

Frederick Pack, M artel I. Mickey Joseph F. Merrill.

Fascinating, stimulating. Vital for

Zacapa, Guatemala college students.

Dear Sirs: $3.50

While serving here on a mission to

Central America, I have really come to appreciate The Improvement Era. I believe

that every Latterday Saint family should subscribe to the ideals and teachings of the Era but that is impossible without first having the magazine in the home to read;

therefore I am enclosing a check for a one year's subscription which I would like to have sent to my folks.

Sincerely, Elder Sidney M. Johns

Rranch Pres., Zacapa Rranch BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE LD.S. TRADE

1186 SOUTH MAIN DA 8-0566

MARCH 1959 139 Bookrack

ANCIENT AMERICA SPEAKS

Leland H. Monson. Deseret Book

Company, Salt Lake City. 1958.

$2.00.

Dr. Monson, an educator of great

ability, has turned his attention to the great leaders of the Book of

Mormon in this his latest book. As a

result of his dynamic approach, these great characters move with tremendous force into our lives.

They step across distance and time to implant their messages of living light in the world of the present.

This is a good book for home, church, and school libraries.—M.C.J. UTOCO

JOSEPH C. RICH VERSATILE

PIONEER ON THE MORMON FRONTIER For greatest motoring pleasure—give your car the care it deserves Ezra ]. Poulson. Granite Publishing

YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU GET IT! Co. 1958. 372 pages.

Utah Oil Refining Co. A son of Charles C. Rich, Joseph

did much of pioneering in his own right and developed into a person 10 to 12 Countries of independence and worth in the

Days to 29 18 frontier. Born expanding Mormon SABENA Departures Every of tragic he days Nauvoo, Saturday in the

Thru October March airlines bhgianWmU of area in Bernardino the lived San ESCORTED PERSONALLY the a as man, in California young CIRCLE TOURS GOLDEN in the Johnston Army Utah area First Class Hotels >ij|

With Bath 'fe M Meals Included MM Uil* days,Bear Lakeand finishedcounty ofhisIdaho.years in the

Transportation M mtmtKBJf DeluxeRooms B

Sightseeing, Fees and Tips! The author has done a commendTHE BEST TOURS IN THE WORLD able piece of work in depicting the

"Big John"Weenig RUSH FREE ILLUSTRATED BROCHURE times and the lovable, humane perChristopherson Name! sons in relation to the period and

Travel Service the locale.

Box 144, Provo, Utah Address. To get the flavor of Pioneer days

3-5310 FR Rail City.StateAir—Ship—Travel by

Anywhere Phone,

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this book will recreate a period of

Pioneer history in an area different, yet comparable, to the Utah story.

-M.C.J.

SUPERBOMBS, SAINTS AND SCRIPTURES Carl H. Jacob. Monitor Publishing

Company, Rexburg, Idaho. 1959.

158 pages. $2.90.

The author, a teacher in the LDS seminary system for many years, indicates his knowledge of and love for the gospel together with his concern that Latterday Saints prepare themselves for the last days.

the fascinatIn he traces this book DID Aing history behind the development of the the superbomb and introduces its DESIGNED BY LDS CRAFTSMENscientists whose abilities made development possible. The material FOR LDS CHAPELS and SERVICES

provides challenging and fascinating Beautiful in Appearance reading and ends with a directive, "A Job for the Saints."Beautiful in Performance

Surely a book for our day, this CUSTOM BUILT at REASONABLE PRICES volume will provide provocative reading.—M.C.J.

ABOUT PRAYER

Emma Mart Petersen.. Brookcraft,

Inc., Salt Lake City. 1958. 66 pages.

$1.50.

A companion volume to About Baptism, this book About Prayer affords an introduction to a child on the value and the results of prayer.

Pleasantly presented in story form, the material is readily absorbed and becomes a moving force in young people's lives.

This is a book that should be enjoyed on family night in homes where there are young children. Millcreek Fifth Ward

-M. C. J. Holladay Seventh Ward INSTALLATIONS IN Millcreek Fifth Ward

(13 sets of pipes) SALT LAKE CITY AREA (10 sets of pipes)

SOME SPRING RETURNING Wilford(18 setsStakeof pipes)House Kaysvilie(5 setsFourthof pipes)Ward

Christie Lund Coles. Faucette Publications, Provo, Utah. 54 pages.

of collection This poems by one DESERET PIPE ORGAN CO. will find writersof Utah's prominent

a niche in the hearts and in the li20 South 9th East Salt Lake City, Utah EM 4-1692 braries of every lover of poetry.

Some of these poems have apDESIGNED AND BUILT BY peared in newspapers and magazines JACK A. WARE

throughout the nation, including

The Improvement Era and the Relief ORGAN TECHNICIAN

Society Magazine. A book to be Salt Lake Tabernacle

cherished and read for times of needed uplift.—M. C. J. WAYNE DEVEREAUX DAN ADAMSON

2438 No. Mt. Road 4225 Eastern Ave.

Ogden, Utah Seattle, Washington

Representative VISIT US DURING APRSL CONFERENCE Representative

MARCH 1959 141 The Necessity by President David O. McKay

Every principle of the gospel, when studied carefully, reveals a harmony with truth that is simply sublime. Each

seems to be all comprehensive, either leading into or embracing other principles. Thus, faith in a Perfect Being,

inspiring one to live righteously, seems to include repentance. So forgiveness

may encompass charity; and charity,

love. The chain is endless. This harmony, or rather this oneness of all

fundamental principles of the gospel, is indicative of their being elements of eternal truth. Truth being "the sum of

existence"is allcomprehensive! Faith,

repentance, charity, forgiveness, and every other element of truth will of necessity show a close relationship not only to each other but also to the whole, of which they are a part.

It is difficult, therefore, to designate any one principle as being the most important. One student may name this,

and another name that as being chief, the choice of each being determined by the amount of study and attention given to the favorite principle. When comparing eternal principles, it is more

nearly correct to say that each is equal to any other.

This thought, however, does not lessen the significance of Thomas Carlyle's forceful remark about repentance. "Of

all acts is not, for man, repentance

Editors Page

of Repentance

the most divine? The deadliest sin, I say, were that They may even feel penitent; but "penitence,"we are

same supercilious consciousness of no sin; that is told "is transient, and may involve no change of

death; the heart so conscious is divorced from sincharacter or conduct."Repentance, on the other hand,

cerity, humility, and in fact: is dead."Plainly, the "is sorrow for sin with selfcondemnation, and compenetrating mind of the Scottish philosopher glimpsed plete turning away from the sin."It is, therefore,

the eternal nature of this divine principle, repentance, more than mere remorse: "It comprehends a change

which the Prophet Joseph Smith, in writing the of nature befitting heaven."

Articles of Faith, placed second to faith in stating Every principle and ordinance of the gospel of the principles and ordinances of the restored gospel. Jesus Christ is significant and important in contributWhat progress can there be for a man unconscious ing to the progress, happiness, and eternal life of

of his faults? Such a man has lost the fundamental man, but there is none more essential to the salvation

element of growth, which is the realization that there of the human family than the divine and eternally is something bigger, better, and more desirable than operative principle, repentance. Without it, no one

the condition in which he now finds himself. In the can be saved. Without it, no one can even progress.

soil of selfsatisfaction, true growth has poor nourishIts sublimity and essentiality stirred the prophet ment. Its roots find greater succor in discontent. Alma's soul when he exclaimed:

Heaven pity the man who is unconscious of a fault! "O that I were an angel, and could have the wish

Pity him also who is ignorant of his ignorance! Neither of mine heart, that I might go forth and speak with

is on the road to salvation. "The greatest of faults is the trump of God, with a voice to shake the earth,

to be conscious of none."and cry repentance unto every people!

The first step to knowledge is a realization of the "Yea, I would declare unto every soul, as with the lack of it; and the first step towards spiritual growth voice of thunder, repentance and the plan of redempis the belief in a higher and better life, or conversely, tion, that they should repent and come unto our God,

a realization of the meanness of one's present state. that there might not be more sorrow upon the face

Repentance is the turning away from that which is of the earth."(Alma 29:1-2.)

low, and the striving for that which is higher. As a Ignorance and sin are men's worst enemies. They

principle of salvation, it involves not only a desire are barriers to salvation. Only through repentance

for that which is better, but also a sorrow—not merely and obedience to the gospel can these be eradicated.

remorse—but true sorrow for having become conOne of the messages of the Church is to help men

taminated in any degree with things sinful, vile, or recognize their weaknesses and overcome them.

contemptible. Let us then, as individuals, grow from within, be

It is not uncommon for people to have remorse for men and women of God, pure within, repentant. We

mistakes made, for follies and sins committed, but to are what our inner life makes us, what God knows have no turning away from such frailties and evils. we are.

MARCH 1959 143 nant, when properly performed, is eternal. It is not

to be annulled and come to an end at death. TheYour Question first marriage performed on earth was the marriage of

Eve to Adam, and this was before there was any death, therefore it was intended to be forever. The Lord

has revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith his law concerning marriage, and that it is to be an everlasting covenant. Those who are so married will become

those of the family of God, for who receive will of his great Salvation of membersthe exaltation be members are to Paul. 3:1415.) as stated They (Eph. by women whose husbands family, heirs the fulness receiving joint Christ with become

will not embrace of Herethe Father'swe havekingdom.a case (Romanswhere there8:1417.)is a faithful

the gospel motherin the faith,who hasbut bywhoheris integritymarried tokeptan herunbelievingchildren husband. Naturally she is worried and wonders how

Question: 1 have tried to be a good Church memshe may retain her family in the eternity to come. The

ber and have a strong testimony of the gospel, and the Lord has made this matter perfectly clear, and in older I get the stronger is my faith. I am married to answer to this sister's question we can say to her,

a nonmember. We have three children. Two are and to the many others in like circumstances: If you

married and were married in the temple, and the remain faithful and true, the Lord will take your third is going to be. My husband does not show faith and devotion into account and reward you acthe slightest interest in the Church; in fact, he shows cording to your works. It is a deplorable matter

some resentment against it. I used to plead with him when a husband and wife are married for time only

but have learned that it does no good. which according to the covenant they have taken

"7 can live my life out this way, but what will hapmust end at death, and then to have the wife wish pen to me and my children, who are faithful members, and long for the blessings of husband and children in in the resurrection? I want my children and my eternity. The laws of the Christian world, all degrandchildren more than anyone can know, but how nominations, except the Church of Jesus Christ of

can this be accomplished if conditions remain as Latterday Saints, proclaim the edict that all marthey are?"riages must end at death, thus they include a bill

of divorcement with every marriage. This naturally

Answer: brings sorrow to a woman who loves both husband

and children and who has received the truth. Natuby Joseph Fielding Smith rally she wonders what her condition and relationship

President of the Council of the Twelve to her family will be hereafter. However there

is some comfort to women in this status, the Lord

This is one of the saddest conditions that we are revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith, in answer to confronted with in the Church. The Lord has rehis prayer in the following words, his justice and

vealed that the marriage covenant should be eternal. mercy to all such unhappy souls:

This is the definite statement he gave to the Pharisees "All who have died without a knowledge of this when they made inquiry of him as follows: Gospel, who would have received it if they had been

"Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for permitted to tarry, shall be heirs of the celestial kingevery cause? dom of God; also all that shall die henceforth without

"And he answered and said unto them, Have ye a knowledge of it, who would have received it with not read, that he which made them in the beginning all their hearts, shall be heirs of that kingdom, for I, made them male and female. the Lord, will judge all men according to their works,

"And said, For this cause shall a man leave father according to the desire of their hearts."(D H C 2:380.

and mother, and shall cleave to his wife: and they When the wife is faithful and desires to obey the

twain shall be one flesh? divine law and the husband is rebellious, or unwilling

"Wherefore they are no more twain, but one flesh. to obey the will of the Lord, if she maintains her

What therefore God hath joined together, let not man integrity to the best of her ability, she will be given put asunder."(Matt. 19:3-6.) to another husband in eternity and will receive all

Here is a clear statement that the marriage covethe blessings of the celestial kingdom.

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA First of the Series "Mixed Voices"

Beginning a series of articles on socalled Book of Mormon "criticism."

Kangaroo Court

by Hugh Nibley

A study in Book of Mormon Criticism

It is the inalienable right of every questioned docuable to detect its authenticity? What do they pretend

ment, as of every accused person, to be represented to know about ancient texts? The one man best qualiby competent counsel, heard by an impartial jury, fied to make the tests indicated, though he was interand sentenced by a qualified judge, being convicted ested enough in the Mormons to write a whole book

or acquitted only on evidence and not on hearsay. To about them, frankly confessed that he had never read

expect such extravagant justice for the Book of Morthe Book of Mormon through. 1 That was the celemon is to ask for the moon. Counsel for the defense brated Eduard Meyer, who wrote with complete

often does the client more harm than good and is finality: "There can be no doubt at all that the

automatically branded as prejudiced merely by taking golden plates, though described by his mother and ihe job; and where will one find an impartial jury, others as reposing in a box in Smith's house, never

a disinterested judge, or a willingness to test the existed in the real world."2 For him that settled the

Book of Mormon on its merits and not on the authormatter: He can speak with absolute assurance, not

ity of wild and conflicting rumors about the manner because he has examined the Book of Mormon—he

of its origin? Still, however faint the chances of a didn't need to!—but because he knows perfectly well

fair trial may be, even that book has a right to its that there are no such things as angels and gold plates.

day in court, if only on the hazard, that it may be Justified or not, this has been the standard and acgenuine after all. cepted position taken by Book of Mormon critics

Has the Book of Mormon ever been given a fair from the beginning, and it should be obvious to any hearing? From the statements of policy which we reader that such an attitude, however sincere, effecare about to quote it will be quite apparent that it tively closes the door on any serious investigation of

most definitely has not. For such a procedure would the book on its own merits. The dice are always

require a perfectly straightfaced examination of its loaded before the game begins: It is not the Book

claims as if they were valid! Let us suppose, for the of Mormon, but the Angel Moroni who is on trial.

sake of argument and legal theory, that the accused is Let us glance at a few frank confessions by the leadinnocent, that the Book of Mormon is not a fraud but ing critics of the Book of Mormon in the past, to see a genuine text as it purports to be. By what divinawhether they ever intended to give it a fair trial.

tion would its latest critics, Mrs. Brodie and Doctors The first nonMormon to report on the book was

O'Dea and Cross (representative of the English, soDavid Marks, who, after hearing the story of the ciology, and history departments, respectively), be (See page 186 for footnotes.)

MARCH 1959 145 The jury is instructed to choose between

A and B, with the specification that A has been disqualified before the contest; with

that understandable limitation the jury may favor whichever they will.

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA angel and the plates from the Whitmer family, apThus from the very beginning the challenge was proached his task with a settled conviction that the thrown out to the world to explain the Book of Morthing was a fraud: "I wished to read it, but could mon if it could, and a flood of conflicting stories and

not, in good conscience, purchase a copy, lest I should theories soon followed—but no one ever put the Book

support a deception"—a fine, openminded approach of Mormon to a real test.

which ran small risk of disillusionment. Before he The first fulltime scholar to comment on the Book

was halfway through, Marks gave up the job, finding of Mormon was Professor Rafinesque of Philadelphia, "the style so insipid, and the work so filled with maniwho in 1832 was reported as observing, "This work is fest imposture, that I could feel no interest in a ridiculous enough, it is true; as the whole Book of

further perusal."Yet generations of Book of Mormon Mormon bears the stamp of folly, and is a poor

critics were to quote Marks'final verdict on the book attempt at an imitation of the Old Testament Scripas the ultimate in scholarly objectivity. 3 tures, and is without connection, object, or aim...

Within a year of the publication of the Book of and how can it be otherwise as it was written in

Mormon, Alexander Campbell delivered a blast against Ontario County, New York."6 We are grateful no end

it which was hailed at the time as demolishing once to the professor for his staunch confession of faith, that and for all its claims to divine revelation. By the a religious book produced in Ontario County could

author's confession, it was a superficial study, his innot possibly be anything but a fraud ("can there any tention being "... not to honor him [Smith] by too good thing come out of Nazareth?"); for while he has

minute examination and exposition.... If this done the Book of Mormon no damage, he leaves the

prophet and his three prophetic witnesses had aught world in no doubt that he has firmly closed his mind of speciosity [i.e. any attractive or challenging quality] against any serious investigation of it.

about them or their book,"he explains, "he [Campbell] What was intended to be a thorough and concluwould have examined it and exposed it in a different sive examination of the whole Mormon position, Mormanner...."As it is, he begs his readers'pardon for monism Exposed, Internally and Externally, by Origen

even looking at the thing: "For noticing of which I Bacheler in 1838 was prefaced by the enlightening

would have asked forgiveness from all my readers, admission that "To make an earnest attack on Morhad not several hundred persons of different denomimonism, as if it had any plausible pretentions to nations believed it. On this account alone has it credulity, would argue great want of discernment and

become necessary to notice it...."4 good sense on the part of the one who might thus

Campbell's last remark is significant: an urgent sense assail it."Even to raise the hypothetical question,

of public duty has animated the Book of Mormon could this be true? is to brand oneself an idiot; yet

critics from the first, and rightly so. Unless the Book only by that approach can the Book of Mormon or

of Mormon is what it pretends to be, it is a regrettable any suspected text be examined. After promising to

imposture. If scholarship has any obligation to sodemolish the Book of Mormon once for all, Mr.

ciety to protect the layman from predatory quacks Bacheler lamely decided to limit his examination to and impostors, no more urgent occasion or perfect an absolute minimum, "briefly to expose some of the opportunity for the exercise of true learning can be defects and absurdities of the book...."7 Thus, folimagined than that offered by the bold, uncompromislowing a common practice of Book of Mormon critics,

ing challenge of the Book cf Mormon. If it is weak, he attempts to disarm his jilted public by begging their

it should have been knocked over long ago; if it pardon not for having delivered so little after promcan't be knocked over, the public should be told as ising so much, but for having written anything at all

much. As long as it stands, it is a standing rebuke on such an offensive theme! Only a sense of obligato scholarship. tion towards his "fellow citizens,"he protests, can

The call to duty was heard from the first. Even a "justify the course I pursue, in stooping to notice an

month before Campbell's attack, a newspaper ediaffair so intrinsically worthless and contemptible as torial voiced dissatisfaction with the delinquency of the Mormon imposture."7

the learned: In the same year in which Bacheler's work appeared,

"We have long been waiting, with considerable the Scotchman H. Stevenson was fighting the fires of

anxiety, to see some of our contemporaries attempt fanaticism in the Old World with a widely acclaimed to explain the immediate causes, which produced that lecture against the Book of Mormon, in which he anomaly [sic] in religion and literature... The Book stood foursquare on the proposition, "that a Church

of Mormon, or the Gold Bible. which pretends to work miracles in these latter ages,

"The few notices heretofore given in the public proves itself to be an apostate Church."8 How refreshprints, are quite vague and uncertain, and throw but ingly direct! Even to propose testing the Book of

faint light on the subject."5 Mormon as one does the Bible is for Stevenson a

MARCH 1959 147 proposition outrageous "for its foolishness and its of this monster, evoked by a money digger and juggler wickedness!"Nay, true or false, the Book of Morfrom the shades of darkness."13 "That its claims to

mon simply cannot be tested: "As the Book of divine origin are wholly unfounded,"he has his star

Mormon has a suspicious aspect, on account of there witness say, "needs no proof to a mind unperverted being no history to contradict it, so likewise, it has the by the grossest delusions."14 As for himself, "This

disadvantage of no history to confirm it."9 It is beyond we consider one of the most pernicious features of the

examination. historical romance—that it claims for itself an entire

E. D. Howe, in the 1840 edition of his antiMormon equality in point of divine authority with the sacred

classic, which first appeared in 1834, recognizes in the canon."15 This was Mr. Stevenson's objection, it will

usual terms both the necessity and the futility of be recalled: The question is not whether the claim

attacking the Book of Mormon. "The task has been a is true or not but simply whether the claim is

laborious one, and we acknowledge but little has made. Any book that claims to be as holy as the

been effected,"he confesses, "we should have abanBible is proved by that very claim to be a monstrous doned the task, were it deception—there is no

not that so many of our need at all to search the worthy fellow citizens book to see what it says.

have been seduced by the GLOBY AT HAND Mr. Kidder is quite

witcheries and mysterious blunt: "Our own humble

necromancies of Smith by Lois Snelling opinion is, that just as and his colleagues, from much correct knowledge heart saddened with yearning eye and lookedthe paths of wisdom and He and real information may the stood distant Holy peaks where Toward truth, into folly and madPlace, be drawn from the above ness."10 "The task,"he To which his feet, by circumstance restrained, nondescript and heteroannounces in his introWould never go nor would a dream be gained geneous medley of conduction, "however loathOf meeting there his Master face to face. tents, as from a perusal of

some, shall the entire honestly volume be of 570 in pain aid to a one weary stooped He pursued."of admits "medley 1 "The he He all that held chain the him. bound;.. pages."more of One

is helpless against those And then into his heart a voice spoke clear contents"referred to is a who are foolish enough to And soft, "This face you bathed is mine. 'Tis very brief outline of the

read the Book of Morhere, Book of Mormon; the

And not on distant peaks I must be found."author admits freely thatmon: "In our review, we

are left without weapons it isn't even a good outto combat the credulous line, a "nondescript and

Mormon believer,"his heterogeneous"thing, and only hope being to reach "any mind... who has not yet he solemnly assures the student that he can learn

inhaled the malaria of the impostor."11 With all his just as much from that garbled table of contents about

talk of base passions, witcheries, spells, and loathsome the Book of Mormon as he can from reading the tasks, no one is going to accuse Mr. Howe of a cool whole book. What a program for the serious scholar!

and unemotional approach to the Book of Mormon, Of course Kidder assures us that the only reason he however much he may protest that his appeal is all would touch the thing at all is that duty calls him:

to the wisdom and sanity of an enlightened age. "Americans have been criminally indifferent to their

In 1841 William Harris repeated the now familiar duty both of informing themselves and the world of formula: Public duty requires an investigation of the its true character.... The leaven of corruption has

Book of Mormon, but no serious approach is required begun to work far and near."17 If it is criminal inby the subject itself. The only apology which he difference to neglect the Book of Mormon under such

offers, this author says of himself, "for having treated dire circumstances, what shall we say of this scholar that which is in itself so contemptibly ridiculous, with who having taken up the challenge with a yell of so much gravity, is, that well meaning, though weak defiance, tells us that he can go no farther than to minded persons, are daily imposed upon by the give us a little outline of the Book of Mormon, and plausible statements of Mormon teachers...,"12 lets it go at that?

Three famous antiMormon books appeared in 1842, In a letter addressed to Joseph Smith, Professor each one containing plain statements of its author's Turner minces no words in the matter of public conviction that study of the Book of Mormon is a duty. "It is my right, it is the right of every American

sheer waste of time. For the Beverend Clark, "... decitizen, of every Christian, of every honest man, to

ceit and imposture are enstamped upon every feature arraign and resent (Continued on page 184)

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I - mSouth

I I A 1 WSk SUf Mis G n by John G. Kinnear, Editorial Associate

Mr. Nicholas Paul, an influential businessman in suffered at the hands of those who thought that they

Mowbray, Cape Province, befriended the controversial were doing the world a great service by attempting

Mormons, from mobbers and hecklers who interrupted to destroy or hinder the work of the Lord.

meetings; local ministers who delivered bitter lectures Despite the opposition met by the missionaries,

condemning the teachings of the elders; and invited the thin edge of the wedge of truth, greased by the

them to hold meetings in his home. valiance of Brother Paul, had been tamped into place.

With the tenacity and firmness of the prophet whose On June 15, 1853, Elder Smith baptized Henry name he bore, Brother Paul warned audiences at the Stringer, the first fruit of their labors in South Africa, commencement of each meeting that if they did not and the first to accept formally the gospel in his life.

wish to listen they could leave, "... but the firct man A few days later, on June 23, Elder Walker baptized

who offered an insult on his premises, either to the Brother Paul.

house or elders, would be in danger of having more Two years after the organization of the first branch holes made through him than there was in a skimof the Church in the Cape of Good Hope the mission mer."1 The elders had found a friend, and it wasn't could report that it consisted of three conferences,

long before he and members of his family were bapsix branches, and a total membership of 126. The

tized. wedge was slowly moving forward. Other branches

were started in the main cities of South Africa, and the

This was the kind of beginning that the gospel had gospel began to reach out in search of those who in South Africa. The arrival of Elders Jesse Haven, thirsted for it.

Leonard I. Smith, and William H. Walker on April 18, In a land which was settled by Dutch, (the de1853; the organization of the first branch of the Church scendants of whom are now known as Afrikaaners)

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in August; and and English, bilingualism and national differences

the counting of about fifty hardwon converts by increased the difficulties encountered by the missionSeptember of the same year, was indeed the furthering aries far more than it does today. Antagonism beof the Lord's plan to carry the gospel to every nation, tween the two nationalities, later leading to the Boer

kindred, tongue, and people. War, found the elders laboring under a decided

The following months were not without their trials handicap.

and persecution. Like the Saints in Zion at that time, One of the early converts in Port Elizabeth, George

the faithful followers of the truth in South Africa Frederick Kershaw, in a letter to missionaries in Eng3Jenson, Andrew, History of the South African Mission, June 12, 1853. land, says:

MARCH 1959 149 "... Many of the Dutch farmers are investigating In March 1859, thirty more Saints emigrated to

the truth. They are scared by reason of the plague Zion; this time under the leadership of a local elder,

which is raging among their cattle; also the early Brother Joseph R. Humphries. Their ship, the Alacrity,

appearance of the locust which has destroyed the docked in Boston on May 19, and they traveled from crops in the upper district; likewise the probable outthere to St. Louis, Missouri, by train.

break of the Kaffirs next Christmas. Surely the hand From 1861 to 1864, President William Fotheringof the Lord is on this land. Elder L. I. Smith, whose ham, Henry A. Dixon, Martin Zyderlaan, and John

labors and journeyings among them are unremitting, Talbot labored with the Saints in Cape Town, Port is generally very well received, both by the Dutch Elizabeth, Pietermaritzburg, Grahamstown, and other and the English. He preaches the gospel as the only localities. Work still proved to be extremely difficult

antidote for all their woes. The Lord is backing up for the missionaries, and emigration continued to

the message of his servants with unmistakable argudecrease the numbers of the faithful at home. In

ments.,.."2 September 1863, in writing a report of his misBrother Kershaw's letter describes how Elder Smith sionary work, Elder Dixon indicated that "South

met with the accompanying persecutions. In a meetAfrica is a hard country to labor in, and tries the

ing with prominent ladies and gentlemen someone constitution of men. I feel well in the work, and I

broke a bottle of asafoitida in the room and broke up am doing all I can to roll it onward; though I have had

the meeting. On another occasion he was beset by but little success as yet in baptizing, and I realize

men hurling a volley of rotten eggs and turnips at that we may preach to the people, but cannot make his person. Brother Kershaw had his windows broken Saints of them."3

by a mob of about thirty or forty men and boys who Elder Miner G. Atwood succeeded Elder Fothering-

"amused themselves"by throwing potatoes. ham to the presidency of the mission but had to leave

The character of Brother Kershaw is evident when the mission in charge of local elders once again when one recalls the story of how he, on being sent to the he was called home the following year ( 1865 ). Once

island of Mauritius on a mission, converted all but again a party of Saints moved away with him. Many

one of the crew of the small boat that took him there. had to "trek"many miles to Port Elizabeth in ox

As in England and Europe, it wasn't long before wagons before they could embark on their long voyage the Saints in South Africa began to feel the spirit of aboard the barque, the Mexicana. The women, with

gathering. Here again, their desires were thwarted their long poke bonnets, anklelength skirts, and long

by those who wished to frustrate their ends. Shipaprons, and the men with their widebrimmed "veld

owners banded together to prevent their emigrating. hats,"tall boots, and rifles, were a surprising likeness

Not to be outdone, two of the brethren of means, of their sisters and brothers moving across the plains

Charles Roper and John Stock, made a down payment toward Utah.

of fifteen hundred pounds ($4,200 approximately) on Almost forty years passed before the South African a 200 ton sailing vessel called, aptly enough, the Mission was reopened—long years for those who enUnity. The balance of one thousand pounds they paid joyed the sweet spirit of the missionaries, and news

on arrival in London. With fifteen of the first South of the progress and tribulations of their brothers who

African Saints to leave for Zion, Elders Walker and had gone before them. In spite of the long lapse of

Smith sailed out of Port Elizabeth's lovely harbor on time, there remained a few scattered and faithful

November 28, 1855, around the swell of what Sir members who had "held fast to the iron rod"which

Francis Drake called "the fairest cape in all the the missionaries had shown them. When Elders

world,"and on to America via England. Warren H. Lyon, William R. Smith, Thomas L. GrifThe very next month the skies looked smilingly over fiths, and George A. Simpkins reopened South Africa

the top of the clouded cloth of Table Mountain, overto the preaching of the gospel in 1903, joy once again looking the city of Cape Town and the beautiful Cape flooded the hearts of those who thirsted for truth. In

of Good Hope, overlooking, too, the departure of Mowbray, Cape Town, ninetyyear-old Elder George

President Haven and the second small group of Saints Buck, the sole survivor of the branch, and the one bound for America. Local elders were left in charge who had been left in charge, welcomed the return

of the Saints in Africa's "land of sunshine"until the of the missionaries.

arrival, in 1857, of Elder Ebenezer C. Richardson One of the first converts to be made upon reopening

from the British Mission, and his companion Elder the mission, Samuel A. Martin, sold a prosperous

James Brooks. bakery business to move to Ogden, Utah, in 1916, re-

-Cumorah Southern Messenger, "The Home of the South African Mission,"Oct. 1957, p. 153. 3Jenson, Andrew, op. cit., September 29, 1863.

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA turning in later years to preside over the mission and help dispel many of the prejudices that had formerly been held against the Church.

Two years after the outbreak of World

War I, President Nicholas G. Smith arranged for the purchase of "Cumorah,"

the headquarters of the Church in South

Africa, situated near Cape Town. He

remained in the country, faithfully laboring as mission president, throughout the terrible days of the war in Europe. In

1918 the war ended, only to bring more distress to South Africa. The "flu"epidemic which ravaged the world hit the

country with an equally devastating blow. President Smith, at general conference in Salt Lake City, described the

awfulness of the calamity he witnessed:

"It was during the 'flu'time in South

Africa. It was all over the world, in

fact, in that terrible October of 1918.

The war had been raging; the nations

had been vexed; there had been pestilence and famine and earthquakes over

the face of the earth—distress was evervwhere.... When the 'flu'struck Cape

Town the first day they began to die in dozens. At the end of the first week five

thousand people had died in that one city alone.... The coffins were all used

up, the trains stopped running, the streetcars stopped running, the stores closed, even the drugstores, and we could not get medicine. They were lying about

in trenches, aye, forty and fifty. Wrapped

in cloth they were laid on motor trucks, hauled out to the cemeteries and laid in trenches, and covered without any caskets....

"... I remember that it invaded the

mission house—five of our missionaries

Victoria Falls, Southern Rhodesia, one of the seven wonders of the world;

Cape Town Harbor, with the city and Table Mountain in the background;

dedication of Durban Branch Chapel,

October 12, 1958, (1. to r.)

Branch President J. M. Jakins and

Sister Jakins; 2nd coun. Brother Erasmus

and wife; President and Sister

Glen G. Fisher; Elder and

Sister Harold B. Lee; and branch

clerk, Brother Billet and wife;

1st coun. Brother Wilson;

Springs Branch chapel; and

Durban Branch chapel.

MARCH 1959 were down—I remember Aaron U. Merrill of Cache missionaries were recalled, and most of the male

Valley and I were the only two on our feet! And I Saints in South Africa rallied to the call of the defense

said to Elder Merrill, 'Are you prepared to go with of the British Empire. President Richard E. Folland

me through the city blessing the people?'He said, bade farewell to the last missionaries sailing away

'I will go as far as I can.'And so we set out. from Africa's shores, remaining with his wife and

"The first door we came to was that of a 'Mormon'family throughout the dismal war years to sustain girl who had married a non-'Mormon.'He had and uphold the grateful Saints. Things resumed their

promised her she could go to Church and do anything normal pace again as Africa welcomed back the she liked if she would only marry him. After they missionaries. June B. Sharp was appointed mission

were married, he told her she could not go to those president as the war was coming to a close (1944) accursed 'Mormons'any more. When we opened the and labored faithfully to maintain a missionary

door and walked into their house, he was standing at strength of seventyfive. More converts followed as

the foot of the bed, looking out of glazed eyes. When elders of Israel brought from Zion the soirit of their

he seemed to recognize us, he said, 'Get out of here!'calling and left the blessings of the Lord with the

I walked up and took hold of his arm, and saw his people.

wife upon the bed, too weak to speak. Just then a As time passed, the Mormons began to find national

neighbor came in, and said, 'It is all right, gentlerecognition through their fine examples of clean living men, the doctor left here an hour ago, and he says and sportsmanship. Baseball, basketball, and volleythey will be dead in another hour. You may go your ball began to capture much of the interest held by

way!'Go on our way and leave a Latterday Saint English cricket, and the missionaries held their lights

to lie there and die alone? We anointed her with high to see. Elder Evan P. Wright, having to his

oil and sealed the anointing, and, lo and behold, the credit six visits to South Africa as a missionary and

Lord raised her up; but the man he took. later as a businessman, succeeded President Sharp as

"And we went from door to door that day, and of head of the South African Mission in 1948.

the fiftyseven who had been smitten with that disease, Extracurricular activities, including baseball, basketevery Latterday Saint was healed. Not one died;..."4 ball, lectures at civic clubs, square dancing, and other

In 1919 the South African government prevented musical activities became a most important means the missionaries from laboring in that country while of opening doors to many missionaries. President

President Smith carried on the mission work alone Wright arranged for a tour of South Africa and the for another two years. After a great deal of petitionRhodesias of an outstanding missionary singing quaring the Church was granted full recognition once tet. Elders Robert Taylor, Max Evans, Sterling

more. Workman, and Stewart Parker toured the theaters

By the close, of 1030, the Church had swelled its in Southern Africa at the expense of the African Conranks to a membership of almost 800 South African solidated Theaters with the condition that they might

Saints. The wedge that had been started many years announce publicly, during the program, the time and

before was once again being driven home with even place of the Church's Sunday meetings. A Bloemgreater force than before. A chapel, Ramah, had fontein conference, accustomed to the usual handful

been built in the city of Johannesburg, today a city of Saints, was swelled to a public gathering of about of skyscrapers and bustling traffic. Another chapel, a thousand persons because of this quartet's efforts.

adjacent to the mission headquarters in Mowbray—Square dancing became a tremendous influence for

the Cumorah of the dark continent, was dedicated by the good of the mission at a time when the royal

President LeGrand P. Backman. family of Britain had been introduced to it on a

World War II interrupted the work again. All the tour of Canada. At a centenary celebration in Cape

4Cumorah Southern Messenger, op. cit., p. 136. Town sufficient invita- (Continued on page 205)

MARCH EVENING

by Solveig Paulson Russell

Snug in our kitchen here are we

With candy boiling merrily, But we inside scarce hear him blow;

While outside, blustering at the door, His voice is lost in laughter's flow;

The March wind creaks the old porch floor And all his wildest force can't dent

And raps wind fingers on the pane Our family circle's deep content!

And groans and moans his wind refrain.

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thoughts for your Inspirational Talk

Dare to Be Wise

Be wiser than other people if you can; but Knowledge is proud that he has learn'd so

dp not tell them so. much;

—Lord Chesterfield Wisdom is humble that he knows no more.

—Cowper Unless you grow wise of yourself you will listen in vain to the wise.

—Publilius Syrus

True wisdom consists not only in seeing what is before your eyes, but in foreseeing

He who thinks wisdom is greater than virtue what is to come.

will lose his wisdom.

—Hebrew Proverb—Terence

The doorstep to the temple of understanding is a knowledge of our own ignorance. Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore

—Charles Hadden Spurgeon get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding.

—Proverbs 4:7

Ninetenths of wisdom is being wise in time. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of

—Theodore Roosevelt wisdom.

-Psalm 111:10

No man is wise enough by himself.... wisdom giveth life to them that have it.

—Plautus—Ecclesiastes 7:12

Wisdom is ofttemes nearer when we stoop Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.

Than when we soar.—Tennyson

—William Wordsworth

Teach me my days to number and apply

My trembling heart to wisdom.

—Young The clouds may drop down titles and estates;

Wealth may seek us; but wisdom must be

sought. Wisdom first teaches what is right.

—Edward Young—Juvenal

MARCH 1959 153

by Albert R. Lyman

Editor's Note: Aunt Jody Wood was nurse, midwife, monotony by a little sociable expression with every

and practical doctor to a whole generation of pioneers favorable opportunity. For this violation of the rules,

in the San Juan Country of southeast Utah. These she was made to stand in the corner or suffer sharp

true stories, published occasionally, with Aunt Jody licks of the stick on her outstretched hand.

as the central character, are complete in themselves. "Times were hard; she had ambition to be selfsupporting, and took work wherever she could find

Ill it, accepting vegetables, fruit, sugar, cloth, and other

Left an orphan when less than four years old, little material as the main part of her pay. All this she

Josephine was tasting some of the preliminaries to turned over for general use at home. She was allowed

her strenuous years ahead. She mourned and could to keep the small amounts of money she received,

not understand what stern experiences would someand with her first savings, she bought a pair of real time make her to know: that death is a solemn partstore shoes, quite a pleasant departure from the coarse

ing, quite unfathomable even to adult minds. She homemade shoes common to all but the wellto-do.

sat long hours on the steps outside the door waiting "The nearest she could come to her size of shoe in for her mother to come, sure at first that she would the store was six, and she wanted three. The biggest

come, and then feeling the pangs of heartache when she had ever worn was five, but she was eager to she failed to appear. She always cherished the take part in a 24th of July parade, and she bought

memory of brushing her mother's hair and rubbing the big shoes for $1.98, and declared that these numher mother's feet after a hard dav's work. ber six shoes gave her real joy and happiness."

Her older sister, Mary Ann Corlett, became the At some time in her teens she found work in Salt only mother she was to know from this time forward, Lake City where, she relates, "A young man asked a sister whom she was to learn to love as a real mother. me to marry him, and I told him that I had been

Jody was a beautiful child with a cheerful nature, going for some time with Samuel Wood, but if Samuel able to find the pleasant side of every situation, if did not come to see me within a week, I would marry there were a pleasant side to find. She went to school, him. Then of course Sam had to come and that

but her most impressive and neverfailing teacher was settled it."

the biting necessity of the frontier. As is often the At the age of eighteen she was married in the Encase with children destined to take an unusual part, dowment House on Christmas day, 1871, by Presishe had her crosses to bear and her childish sorrows dent Brigham Young to Samuel Wood. They made

which at the time might seem unnecessary. Fartheir home in Cedar City, and having earned a degree

seeing Providence had mysterious ways of training the in the great university of hard knocks, and having naive little girl to be the purposeful woman. learned how to work and how to save, they prospered.

The curriculum of her frontier school was limited They built a comfortable brick home two stories high to the three R's, implemented by the big stick for with six rooms and were nicely on the way to someboys and girls lacking the necessary aspiration. The thing which would compensate for the past times of

courses offered had little or no appeal to Josephine's hardship and want. Their future looked rosy.

imagination; she liked to draw pictures on her slate, The Woods were happy. He was a freighter, a

or on paper if it was to be had, and to relieve the carpenter, a farmer, a hustler, ready and able to dig

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the possibilities out of every situation.

They were by no means on easy street, and they loved hard work and the blessings of the rugged life and felt quite content to go on as they were. Their brick home was

just across the street from the sturdy Jense

Nielson, who was destined in the years ahead to take an important part in their lives.

Children came to the Wood home. The

blessed and soulawakening tragedies of birth and of death became a vital factor in their education. Their first child,

Samuel Franklin, died when he was a year and a half old, leaving a painful vacancy in their home, yet contributing to the wealth of their understanding hearts by which they were to achieve the great purpose of their future mission. Other babies

came to them: Joseph Henry, Arthur

Steven, John Martin, sanctifying their union and adding permanency, or their desire for permanency, in their beloved Cedar City where they had chosen to live and wanted to stay.

Josephine worked in the Primary and had many friends, for she was a friend to many.

Her cheer, her optimism, her goodwill towards people in general made her 'welcome wherever she went. If a party was to be

held, and she was to be there, the success of the occasion (Continued on page 168)

Turning himself loose he cut high pigeonwings and executed fantastic capers while the switch waved behind him like the tail of a wild mustang.

MARCH 1959 155 Speaking to the shepherds of Israel—those who are priesthood. Salvation is reserved for those who encalled and appointed to feed and protect the lambs dure in righteousness to the end.

and sheep of his fold—the Lord said: "... I will require And if there are members of our quorums who do

my flock at their hand,..."not keep all of the standards of personal righteousness

That is, the Lord will hold quorum presidents which the gospel requires, it is our specific assignment (among others) accountable for the salvation of the as priesthood leaders to use all the power and influmembers of their quorums. ence we can to get them to return unto the Lord

"Woe be to the shepherds of Israel"that do not and serve him with full purpose of heart.

feed and care for the sheep of their flock, is the divine To every man appointed to stand as a watchman on decree. the towers of Israel, which includes those serving in

What is it that those subject to this have failed to positions of priesthood leadership, the Lord has this do? The Lord answers: "The diseased have ye not instruction

strengthened, neither have ye healed that which was "Son of man, speak to the children of thy people, sick, neither have ye bound up that which was broken, and say unto them, When I bring the sword upon a neither have ye brought again that which was driven land, if the people of the land take a man of their away, neither have ye sought that which was lost;..."coasts, and set him for their watchman:

(Read Ezekiel 34.) "If when he seeth the sword come upon the land,

In other words: There are members of our priesthe blow the trumpet, and warn the people;

hood quorums who are inactive, who do not keep the "Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet,

Word of Wisdom, who are not attending Sacrament and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take

meeting regularly, who do not honor the Sabbath day, him away, his blood shall be upon his own head.

who do not pay an honest tithing, who do not con- "He heard the sound of the trumpet, and took not tribute of their time, means, and talents for the buildwarning; his blood shall be upon him. But he that

ing up of the kingdom, who are not keeping the taketh warning shall deliver his soul.

standards of the gospel, who are not putting first in "But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow their lives the things of God's kingdom and who are letting the things of this world take a position of primary importance.

There are priesthood bearers who have strayed from the standards of their fathers, and unless they are found and brought back to activity and righteousMELCMZEDEK ness, their souls will be lost.

Salvation does not come by Church membership PRIESTHOOD alone. It does not come automatically to those who

hold the priesthood. We must work out our salvation

after baptism. We must magnify our callings in the

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if of temporal and spiritual progression. Temporal prothe sword come, and take any person from among gression includes the whole field of the Church Welthem, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood fare Plan; spiritual progression results from keeping

will I require at the watchman's hand."( Read Ez. 33. the standards of personal righteousness found in the

As priesthood leaders we are responsible for the gospel.

temporal and spiritual wellbeing of our brethren. 3. To get every family married or sealed in the

The very objective of a Melchizedek Priesthood quotemples for eternity. Priesthood reactivation is not

rum is "to help every member"of the quorum "to atcomplete until a family has been united in this holy tain to a state of spiritual wellbeing and to a degree order of matrimony, an order which starts the family of economic independence and material wellbeing members off on the course to eternal exaltation herethat will assure adequate food, clothing, fuel, housing, after.

and other needed physical comforts, and educational 4. To guide quorum members to final eternal life

advantages for himself and his family."(Melchizedek in the highest heaven of the celestial world.

Priesthood Handbook, p. 30.) In order to accomplish these objectives, quorum

How can we guide our brethren to a state of spiritual leaders are expected to survey their members, using wellbeing unless we persuade them to keep the the white cards provided. They are expected to constandards of the Church? How can we help those sult with bishops in an attempt to get Church assignwho need the assistance to better themselves more ments for those who need them. They are obligated

advantageously than we can through the employment to get as many brethren as possible to work on quorum placement and other provisions of the great Church projects. Those who cannot otherwise be touched

Welfare Plan? become subjects of the personal missionary approach.

For more than three years now a large part of the A qualified and active quorum member is asked, on a emphasis in Melchizedek and senior Aaronic Priestconfidential basis, to work with an inactive brother, hood quorums has been centered around priesthood to make such social, fraternal, business, or other apreactivation. Some phase of this program has come proaches as may be needed to mellow and guide

up for consideration at every priesthood leadership the inactive one until he will accept service in the meeting at all stake conferences held during that Church.

period. As long as there are "diseased"who need to be

"strengthened,""sick"who need to be "healed,"

Objectives of the program of priesthood reactivation "broken"who need to be "bound,"those who are: have been "driven away"who need to be "brought

1. To get a Church assignment for every adult again,"and "lost"who must be "sought after"—just so

brother in the Church. It is not until a brother begins long will there be need for priesthood reactivation.

to give of himself in service that he is really on the Lest the Lord require the blood of our flocks at path that leads to eternal life. our hands, we need to learn the program of priest-

2. To lead each priesthood brother along the path hood reactivation and work zealously in it.

MARCH 1959 157 Leadership Development

by Sterling W. Sill Prisoner's Base

There is an interesting children's game responsible for developing. A depraved mind can

called Prisoner's Base. It is played by opinfluence a person to a life of crime and degeneracy

even against his own better judgment.posing teams on a divided field. When a We often hear someone say, "Why did I ever do

player stays on his side of the line, he is safe; such a thing?"or "What makes me like I am?"All

but when he crosses into enemy territory, people are free to decide whether or not they will he may be made a prisoner if he is touched by an become degenerate, but none are free afterward. The

opposing player. Deep behind the lines, each side prison walls that we build against ourselves are very

has an area set apart as Prisoner's Base. Once a strong, and escape then becomes very difficult.

prisoner is placed in this enemy compound, he can If you don't think that sins or bad habits can get never be freed until someone from his own team gets real power over you, just try to break one sometime.

through the enemy territory and touches him. Only Recently a woman divorced her husband. She did

the touch of a friend can set a prisoner free, and this, not want a divorce, but he had become enslaved by of course, only if the friend habits intolerable even to himdoes not himself become a self. Because of his hopelessprisoner in the process. ness she had given up in

Children's games are somedespair. Both felt that he had

times representations of imporpermanently lost the power to tant phases of life. Prisoner's reform and that only his own

Base is a good example. As of death could end his sins and

December 31, 1957, we had miseries. But even death is

195,414 men and women who powerless before sin, for while were actually confined in feddeath may solve this man's eral and state penitentiaries in problems so far as this life is the United States. But not all concerned, what about eterprisoners are behind steel bars nity? Our problems, like our

or iron fences. Some are held prisoners by their own lives, reach beyond the narrow borders of morevil. There are some four million confirmed alcoholics tality.

in the United States who are prisoners of a ruinous, By far the best time for us to get off Prisoner's driving, degenerating thirst. Their appetites and wills Base is right now. The Prophet Amulek said, "Therehave been touched and enslaved by alcohol. There fore, I beseech of you that ye do not procrastinate

is a smaller number of drug addicts who have set up the day of your repentance until the end; for... besuch extreme bodily cravings within themselves that hold, if we do not improve our time while in this

they have lost the power of selfcontrol. In this unlife, then cometh the night of darkness wherein there

natural condition, they will lie, steal, cheat, or even can be no labor performed.

kill to maintain a way of life that is despicable even "Ye cannot say, when ye are brought to that awful to themselves. There are many compulsive gamblers crisis, I will repent, that I will return to my God.

and compulsive idlers and compulsive sinners who Nay, ye cannot say this; for that same spirit which

do not follow their own wills. Some people are endoth possess your bodies at the time that ye go out

slaved by "negative minds"; some by "morose minds"; of this life, that same spirit will have power to possess

some by "depraved minds"which they themselves are your body in that eternal world."(Alma 34:3334.)

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

It is pretty serious business to allow ourselves to (Is. 24:22.) Isaiah speaks for the Lord and says,

become enslaved, either for this life or the next. Yet "The spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the

our whole national, economic, social, and religious Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto life is like a gigantic game of Prisoner's Base, imposing the meek; He hath made me to bind up the brokenthe most serious consequences for both here and hearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the

hereafter. Every day the forces of evil are taking opening of the prison to them that are bound;..."

thousands of prisoners and confining them in the (Ibid., 61:1.)

compounds of sin. Each day brings new dope addicts, One of the most frequent instructions of President

new alcoholics, and new practitioners of every other George Albert Smith was that we should always kind of wrong. Last year there was a total of 2,563,150 "stay on the Lord's side of the line."Those who were

arrests in the United States. Each new day we also disobedient in the days of Noah had not followed

develop new profanity users, new Sacrament meeting this wise council. They had got over on Satan's side

absentees, new cases of dishonesty, irreverence, imof the line and had been taken captive as a consemorality, and new violators of quence. Peter said, "For Christ

every one of God's laws. i-*"also hath once suffered for

On the other side of the line fe sins, the just for the unjust, there are organizations like that he might bring us to God,

Alcoholics Anonymous, state being put to death in the flesh, welfare agencies, corrective but quickened by the Spirit:

and educational institutions, "By which also he went and the church, and others whose preached unto the spirits in members spend their lives to prison;

offer to those who are confined "Which sometimes were disan opportunity for freedom. The journey of a thousand miles obedient, when once the long

It has been said that "the begins with one step. suffering of God waited in the

Lord always provides the remdays of Noah, while the ark edy before the plague."A great rescue mission was was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls

organized in the council in heaven in order to release were saved by water."(I Peter 3:1820.)

these people from prison, and Jesus was selected and It is very stimulating to try to comprehend the ordained to be its head. Even then he was known consequences of sin as we see it projected in the

by his highest title of "Savior."He gave his mortal lives of this particular group. First, they were out

life to redeem us from sin and death and then he went of harmony with God, then they were destroyed by behind the lines and continued his rescue work in the the flood. Finally they have been held captive for

spirit world. There he touched the lives of a great this long period until Jesus reached them at the head

throng who some twentyfour hundred years before of this thrilling rescue mission. Think what they

had been confined to Prisoner's Base in the world of must have endured in mental suffering, remorse of spirits. conscience, inconvenience, loss in time, and loss in

Isaiah gives us a brief picture of this group. He eternal progress and happiness. A sentence of sixty

said, "And they shall be gathered together, as prisdays to be spent in an ordinary county jail would oners are gathered in a pit, and shall be shut up in be bad enough. But who can imagine the regret

prison, and after many days they shall be visited."and loss that would attend the confinement and

MARCH 1959 159 reformation of an immortal spirit? one who is not himself a prisoner. So in the Lord's

Think what an ordinary alcoholic goes through in work good men and women are needed who are freeing himself from the monstrous thing that is experts in their profession of helping to bring about allowed to fasten itself upon him. human exaltation. These men and women should,

The experience of Lucifer himself indicates the unlike Jesus, be "quickened by the Spirit."They should

profitableness and permanence of the effects of sin. also be "quickened"by preparation, inspiration, unLucifer was once high in the councils of God. He was derstanding, enthusiasm, and the desire to save. Every

the brilliant Son of the Morning until his mind was missionary, Sunday School teacher, ward teacher so touched by rebellion, and he and his associates "quickened"may become a part of this thrilling rescue brought damnation upon themselves. This is a premission headed by the Son of God.

dicament far worse than the curse of alcoholism. If Sometimes a thoughtless sheep may nibble its way

a "depraved mind"is unpleasant to possess and diffiout of sight of the shepherd without ever meaning cult to change, what would it be like to have a to do so. Sometimes a child of God may thoughtlessly

"damned mind"? nibble his way over onto the wrong side of the line.

The woman abandoned her husband because she That is where our leadership is manifest, in the had lost hope in his ability to change. Suppose God promptness and ability with which we get off to the

loses hope in us. Dante imagines this terrible inrescue.

scription emblazoned over the gateway of hell: We achieve our highest rank when we become

"All hope abandon ye who enter here.""saviors upon Mount Zion,"and the only way to beHave you ever tried to imagine how terrible it come a savior is to save someone. That usually means

would be, to be a prisoner without hope? The scripthat we get our hat on and get out into the territory

tures speak of "outer darkness,""eternal punishment"and touch our friends with our knowledge and faith and "banishment from the presence of God.""Where in such a way as to get them back on schedule for

God and Christ are, they cannot come worlds without the celestial kingdom. The skill to do this effectively

end."The most devastating of is probably the most valuable of

all human emotions is the sense Keep your chin up and your all human accomplishments. It

of being alone, of not being is a difficult ability to develop knees down."

wanted, of being lost. Yet because longstanding habit patthink of those who are presently Dr. V. Raymond Edman terns in people must often be

running the risk of losing their changed. The influence of Christ

blessings by unnecessary exposure on the wrong side must be brought to bear directly and effectively in of the line. Just one cigaret or one wrong thought their lives.

may start a human soul on a terrible oneway journey. Jesus said, "And ye shall know the truth, and the

For it is still true that "the journey of a thousand truth shall make you free."(John 8:32.) The truth

miles begins with one step."has even more power when its bearer has a genuine

Now think of the additional millions who would friendliness, with a sincere personal interest, and espebe eternally lost if it were not for this divine rescue cially when he makes many individual instructive calls mission headed by the Redeemer. "The rescue"is the on the prisoners. A friendly, capable missionary who

very center of the mission of Christ, both in this world knows his business can touch lives that are in bondage and the world of spirits. In both places his work to ignorance or enslaved by indifference and lethargy,

consists of bringing the prisoners out of their prison and bring about their reformation. Great ability in

houses; it is to set free the captives who have lost the this direction can be developed. President John

power to help themselves. Taylor said that "there is no person who cannot be

We have aligned ourselves on the Lord's side of touched, if the right person makes the right approach the line. Our first and most important responsibility in the right way."But we must be able to see the

is to keep from being touched by sin ourselves. Our opportunities in the obstacles, not the obstacles in the

second responsibility is to free others. In Isaiah we opportunities.

read, "I the Lord have called thee... to open the We have a wonderful message, but there must also

blind eyes, to bring out the prisoners from the prison, be a wonderful messenger. Before we can convert

and them that sit in darkness out of the prison house."someone else, we ourselves must be converted. Before

(Is. 42:6-7.) we can get someone else to think properly, we ourWorkers in Alcoholics Anonymous know that there selves must be thinkers. There can be no great mesare many victims of alcoholism who cannot bring their sage without a great messenger.

own reformation. They need the assistance of someThere were some (Concluded on page 187)

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A wonderful Priesthood Employment Program

by Donald D.. Davis

General Church Welfare Committee

The conscientious breadwinner struggling to sustain as an interviewer. A business opportunity was rehis family and the youth seeking his first job or ported from another ward of the stake that was suitsummer work can now look to their priesthood quoable to the farm tractor victim. He now has sons

rums as a real source of helpfulness. While fulpreparing for missions, is a substantial tithepayer,

filling his quorum attendance requirements, a man can and his whole family is supporting the organizations learn of job openings which he might never have of the Church.

known otherwise. One man, who worked on Sundays, heard of the

Recently a fine family was spared foreclosure on jobreporting duties and services of his quorum and its farm through the able work of this employment notified it of some employment opportunities. Then

department of the welfare plan. Supplementary one day his quorum officers, knowing of his training

work was found for the eldest son. This same departand experience, heard of a business opportunity that

ment learned of some added alfalfa acreage for lease, matched his occupational background as a contractor which was sorely needed to produce the feed for the in electrical supplies. As a result, he took the new

family's dairy herd. Some extra silage was noted job and earns much more than he did, without having

and purchased. Those real changes effected through to work Sundays. He is now a quorum officer.

the spirit of priesthood brotherhood made the neces- A California stake president bears testimony of sary difference to the creditors, and the loan was how his high priest quorum helped him to get two extended. different jobs, each one more remunerative and better

Relatives caught this spirit of helpfulness and ofadapted to his Church duties. Might this be another

fered credit to the family. Today two members from way to build the kingdom? Perhaps many could do

this family are serving missions. The father has served with a better job if all our unemployed, our youth,

in a bishopric and the mother as an officer in the our handicapped, and those changing employment

Relief Society and Primary. Might we safely say: are successfully placed.

What a wonderful way to "Help build the kingdom I wish I knew what happened to the little Swedish of our Father in heaven."immigrant who came one day asking for a chance to

I have seen an elders'quorum help two of its work for an LDS employer where she did not have physically handicapped members find suitable jobs. to hear swearing and vile words. I have tried since

One, a returned serviceman, had lost his left arm. to find out. All her spare earnings were spent to proThe other had been injured by a tractor. To the vide food for her parents and brothers and sisters in a

quorum officers at first glance it looked difficult. ravaged Europe after World War II. She was only

Permanent suitable jobs were not available to these asking for a decent Christian environment.

faithful members. Of course, their problems weren't I think of the way we could increase the number of

all solved immediately, but they did find several satisfied employers who like these Mormon workers temporary jobs that helped. Not many weeks later who "know what an honest day's work is."We are

the two brethren were employed permanently. happy to note nonLDS employers are seeking us out.

It took the help of the other quorums of the ward They want sales representatives without the drink and stake who pooled their surplus jobs and business habit, efficient tradesmen who are cleancut with openings to come up with the appropriate employwholesome outlooks. This is also practical missionary

ment. The veteran who lost his left arm was hired influence—another ap- (Continued on page 192)

MARCH 1959 161 UhmP IhiiiiiiP THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE

Deacons Have Responsibility to Gather Fast Offerings*

In the early days of the Church, there was much need and suffering among the Saints. A

plea came to Joseph Smith for help. It was at this time the Lord inspired the Prophet

Joseph Smith to establish a fast day.

Every ablebodied member in the family, except small children, is expected to go without food and drink on fast day each month and to contribute the amount saved for the care of the poor.

The responsibility of gathering fast offerings has been assigned to deacons. Because they hold the priesthood, this gives them the power to thus act for God. This should be a sobering thought to all deacons as

they gather fast offering contributions.

The matter of helping the needy is very important. The Lord has always been the

friend of the poor. Always the prophets of the Lord have taught the people to take care

of the poor and needy.

In our own day, fasting has been commanded. It is one of the laws of the Church,

and requires us to contribute the cash equivalent of the food not eaten on fast day to assist our less fortunate neighbors. Jesus said, "Verily, I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye

MnHHi have25:40.)done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me."(Matt.

Kelly May Fasting develops selfcontrol. Some may say they cannot see how fasting once a month

develops selfcontrol. It does, however. It is one of the best lessons adults and young people can learn. It

is easy to yield to appetite. If we are taught to master our appetites, we may also learn to overcome other

temptations.

Deacons have a dual responsibility. They are expected to fast and pay their fast offerings as do other

members of the Church and, in addition, to gather the fast offerings of others. By holding the priesthood we

are given divine authority which includes divine responsibility. Gathering fast offerings is the deacons'

divine responsibility. It is also an opportunity to honor the priesthood we hold.

Elder George Q. Morris, at April conference, 1957, told of a bishop who invited some of the members

of his ward to a banquet. As one man had his plate presented to him, there was on it a small piece of

meat and a small piece of carrot. It was not known what the man's impressions were or what questions

arose in his mind, but it was explained to him that what was on his plate represented the fast offering he had been contributing for the help of those in need. The lesson was very effective.

I pray we may all realize our responsibility to the poor and that, as we contribute our fast offerings each month, we will appreciate the opportunity and live generously for the blessings of those less fortunate.

*( Excerpts from an address by Kelly May, a deacon in the Pleasant View Ward, Malad (Idaho) Stake, given during a recent Quarterly stake conference attended by Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin.

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Senior School Brings Happiness to Family The Richfield First Ward, Sevier (Utah) Stake, school for senior members, prepared Alfred O. Jensen and his wife

Reina for an experience they will never forget. On

their golden wedding anniversary they received their endowments and sealings in the Manti Temple and had ten of their eleven children sealed to them. Until

recently Elder Jensen was a senior member of the

Aaronic Priesthood. He and his wife enrolled in the

school directed by Bishop Wayne D. Campbell. Elder

Jensen said he learned more about the gospel during the three months he attended the school than he had learned all the rest of his life.

Ward Teachers Set Perfect Record Three Years

Ward teachers, Division One, Logan Tenth Ward,

East Cache ( Utah ) Stake, set a perfect record in visits for three years. The division is headed by Bishop

Elmer K. Stettler ( far right ), assisted by Albert Webber

(far left), who is division supervisor and former ward bishop.

Unity in the Church Prepared as a supplement to the Ward Teacher's Message for April 1959

The ancient Psalmist wrote, "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity!"(Psalm 133:1.) Unity in the Church is, at the same time, the simplest and greatest single formula

for true happiness because it establishes the brotherhood of man in true fellowship with God. Where there

is unity in the Church, there is full obedience to the gospel law by all members, and there is true happiness in no other way of life.

Unity is a "state of being one: oneness; singleness."It countenances no hard feelings one toward the other

because it makes each of us his "brothers keeper."Contention, backbiting, evil speaking are not only strangers

to unity but are also among its malignant enemies.

Unity is unacquainted with defeat except through deadly disintegration from within. Water never sank

a ship until it got inside. So it is with the Church: It is placid, strong, invincible when its members live in

unity one with the other. The Church is affected adversely only when there is disunity within its ranks.

Jesus emphasized unity when he said, "He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with

me scattereth abroad."(Matt. 12:30.) Latterday Saints either unite themselves with Christ through living

the gospel or they are against him, and thus they scatter abroad their attitudes of indifference and disobedience for all to behold.

The Lord expects us to be a united people; he commands it. In fact, unity is the premise on which he

claims us as his own—"I say unto you, be one; and if ye are not one ye are not mine"(D & C 38:27.)

MARCH 1959 163 Eighth of the Series:

So That's What Boys Are Made Of

Sweet Sixteen

(Behavior Patterns and Problems of a 16year-old Boy)

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

In terms of adolescent semantics age 16 means ninetyeight percent of his growth. His muscle co-

"B. T. O.—Big Time Operations"—but in spite of these ordination will be free swinging and pulsating with

pleasant prospects age 16 sweeps down upon the rhythm and vibrancy. He will be hearty, robust, and

average boy unexpectedly and far too soon. It finds radiant with good health. His complexion will be

him suffering an emotional hangover from the year noticeably better and he will be shaving every other before. For several months he will continue to feel day. Mom will notice that he is much easier to

the heady intoxication of those former 15year-old lure to the dinner table than last year.,He won't be

explosions. so finicky with his food and will even venture into

Looking back, Junior recalls how he told everysome highly seasoned Italian casserole or untried body off, made everybody mad, broke all the rules Chinese dish.

at home and at school, and did a lot of crazy things His sense of humor will be coming around. He

"just for fun,""just to get even,"or "just to show will begin enjoying loud guffaws accompanied by people."He was like an unhappy octopus, threshknee slapping and shoulder swaying demonstrations

ing his tentacles out in all directions, trying to smash of boisterous mirth. Sometimes he will unload a

down the barriers of home and society at every point pressure pocket of pentup emotions with a hearty of the compass. "How did people put up with me?"belly laugh.

His father says, "That's a good question."When he talks to people, he will have a natural,

Nevertheless, when his sixteenth birthday arrives, matterof-fact "eye to eye"contact with them. He

Junior believes things should improve—he feels conwill purposely keep the conversation light and fluffy,

fident they will. No more loggerheads with the famand there will be little or no desire to build issues into

ily. No more sassing Mom. No more flunking at crises as he enjoyed doing last year. Generally he will

school and no more scandalism or vandalism in the also avoid deeply serious subjects, unless, of course, he neighborhood. After all, isn't this the fabulous stage happens to catch the "science fiction"bug. In that

of midadolescence called "Sweet Sixteen?"case he will break into a rash of "outer space"fever

The answer is, "Yes, but unfortunately Mother Naand will amaze his parents with intense and authoritature is behind in her homework."She is rarely ready tive discussions of "intergalactic exploration,""extrafor the big change exactly at age 16. Nevertheless, sensory perception,""neucleonic quadridimensional

the change will nearly always come sometime during phase inverters,"and "B. E. M. (monsters) from the

16, and what a sweet contrast it turns out to be! Id."

For a 16year-old a bed will be hard to get into and

Portrait of a 16Year-Old (After the Change) nearly impossible to get out of. He will resist retirIn the normal course of events, age 16 will be reing until after midnight if possible, but once he is in

membered as soothing and satisfying by both Junior the sack it will take the Jericho Marchers to blow and his parents. Physically, Junior will have attained down the walls of Morpheus and get him up. He will

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

be a sound sleeper, undisturbed by nightmares, fears, of a normal person with the exception of just one or or frustrations. He can scarcely believe his parents two factors—and it is the absence of these important

who talk about his childhood days when he used to bolts and burs which puts a knock in his motor.

get up and wander restlessly around the house during This precise phenomenon is present in the average the night. 15year-old. For the most part he has the ingredients

A 16year-old will show surprising skill in managing of many successful adults—the independence of a

his temper. He will not only struggle to control it Missouri mule, the courage of a rodeo cowboy, and

but will also try to cover up most of his feelings. He the emotional dynamics of a Western movie hero.

But somehow, for a 15year-old, these ingredients all add up to sour pickles. They do not spell success

but "psychological maladjustment."

The experts say it is simply a problem of missing bolts and burs. This becomes apparent when Junior

finally slips across into his 16year-old development pattern. We are inclined to say he has "changed,"

but on close analysis we discover that everything we used to object to is still there! Nevertheless, these

qualities have suddenly lost their barbs. They don't

seem objectionable any more. When we. ask the

experts what has happened, they tell us Mother Nature has just added a new ingredient to lubricate the others. She has given Junior the wonderful new

capacity to take Jmnself for granted.

This is what a 15year-old lacks. At 15, when a

boy feels his surging hunger for independence, he cannot take it for granted; he has to prove it to everybody. The proof usually comes in some kind of

particularly does not like to blow up as he used to, crash program. He is also putting on the same kind

and he will shower his humble head with vats of of act when he grunts and talks in monosyllables to brimstone if he does. He feels a temper outburst is his mother. In his anxiety to be equal with her he

kid stuff, and kid stuff is a label he despises. Forover-compensates and treats her as an inferior. He

tunately, his feelings are not easily ruffled on most also thinks it gives him status to smoke, stay out late, subjects—at least, not as they were a year ago. He drive a car before he has a license, and otherwise show

isn't as defensive as he was at 15. defiance toward his father, the school, the neighbors,

A 16year-old will have a low "hate"quotient. A and the police.

year ago he hated a hatful of subjects, but this year Of course, as we have mentioned in the last chaphe says, "I guess they weren't so important."He has ter, the wise father of a stampeding 15year-old makes

a number of dislikes and will frankly express them, up for Junior's missing bolts and burs by mixing in but these usually pertain to specific problem areas some counseling, discipline, and comradery. This

like "Bull Sneeder's Gang,""that lousy class during usually creates enough balance in Junior to get him fifth period,"or "doing gymnastics instead of playing over the hump. At 16, however, after the big change,

ball."But even where he expresses dislikes, he someJunior doesn't feel the same strong need to prove his

how manages to get along fairly well. independence, his status of equality, or his right to a

Altogether, Junior will now appear to have in his place in the sun. He still wants to feel independent

possession a nice new package of power and charm but says, "So what?"As long as he stays within

to add to his personality. It portends well for the reasonable bounds, everybody apparently wants him

future. to be independent. And if someone asks him. if he

still feels equal to his mother or father he says, "Sure,

The Miracle of 16Year-Old Adjustment so why fight about it?"

Perhaps the miracle of human maturation is noHe has found he can choose his own friends, earn where better illustrated than in the 16year-old as he his own money, drive a car, run for a student body passes through the "big change."To appreciate what office—what is there to get so excited about? He can

happens we need to remind ourselves that very often take it all for granted and says, "Live and let live."

a maladjusted personality will have all the qualities This is the maturation miracle of a 16year-old.

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Family and Friends This problem is solved for most boys by the simple of the 16Year-Old fact that the attractive 16year-old girls are usually

It would be a mistake, however, to assume that a attracting handsome older boys, and this leaves Junior 16year-old will revert to his former warm and intiin a seething fit of gloom because he says, "None of mate relationship with the family which he exhibited the other girls mean much to me."This is mostly

up to about age 13. On the contrary, he is with the play acting. He would have been too scared to give

members of the family but seldom of them. He does any of the popular girls much of a campaign anyway,

not resist the family; he simply takes them for granted. but it does give him an excuse to say, "I wish those

The family is like a row of trees in the middle of the cottonpicking Seniors would leave the girls in the highway. He drives around them. If the folks have Junior class alone!"

something clever or particularly entertaining to say, he responds cordially—just as he would if they were The 16Year-Old at School

a group of total strangers he had just met at the dog Being a Junior in high school can be the "beginning races. But if things around home are status quo he of living"for lots of boys. Many a boy who stumbled

simply passes in and around his relatives as a necesand struggled through Junior High and the tenth sary part of getting his board and room. grade suddenly finds himself coming alive as he moves

By the same token, Junior assumes that the family into the eleventh grade as a Junior. Should such a

is also taking him pretty much for granted. He no spark appear, parents and teachers can immediately

longer demands as much as he used to. He is fairly rally round and apply some tinder. Often the tiny

successful in managing his own clothes, keeping himlight of hope can be whipped into a conflagration self clean, maintaining his own room, and doing his of intellectual and extracurricular development by the homework. He has the feeling that he has attained time Junior is ready to graduate.

semiadult status in the household and conducts himOne of the greatest appeals to a 16year-old is the self accordingly. chance to be somebody on campus. He feels so grownJunior may still be the cause of some disputation up in so many ways, but he needs a chance to shine

when it comes to using the family car. Now that in at least one thing. Therefore he should be enJunior has a license he may take the car for granted. couraged in whatever talent he appears to possess

This must be straightened out quickly and firmly. He—sports, music, drama, radio, TV, debating, student

must understand that the use of the family car is government, school clubs, and so forth. Frequently

strictly a luxury and can only be achieved through grades will improve with student activity, and that careful preplanning and prearrangement with the is not all. Sometimes parents are shocked to hear

boss man. A 16year-old can usually absorb the distheir son and heir say suddenly, "Gee, I like school.

appointment of not getting the car as long as there is I almost hate to think of graduating!"

a reasonable basis for the refusal. What sends him

into a jiveby-five tantrum is the father who says: Junior Gets a Job

"You can't because I say you can't!"Just about the time a set of parents becomes acAs for his friends, Junior tends to take his concustomed to Junior's new role as a 16year-old, they

temporaries for granted just as he does his family. He discover that he wants to fly the coop and get a job.

likes everybody to be his friend. If he selects a pal, If this happens it is a good sign, but should he do it?

it is generally because of mutual interest in certain There are several important things to consider.

studies, sports, hobbies, or extracurricular activities. 1. Will it seriously affect his studies?

A similar attitude usually reflects itself in Junior's 2. What kind of associates will he have?

feelings about girls. He likes to be around them in a 3. Will it seriously interfere with his getting enough

cautious, nonspecific sort of way. He fears oversleep?

specialization but can be lured into going steady if 4. Is it likely to impair his health?

some particular girl gives him the casual tre; tment At this particular stage, Junior's studies are mighty

on a somewhat nonromantic basis. "We're just pals,"important. More than likely he just "got the hang

he says. However, this same casual attitude can et of it."However, if he takes the job knowing he will

them both into unforeseen difficulties if their going have to quit if he doesn't keep up his grades, it may steady gets serious. The more wholesome arrangehelp. In fact, surveys show that students who work

ment is socializing by mixing it up in group activities a moderate amount of time before or after school and restricting solo dating to very special occasions usually get better grades than the average student such as a class dance, the Junior Prom, or other activiwho doesn't work.

ties which may be several months apart. As for associates, ( Continued on page 193

MARCH 1959 167 Aunt Jody not only the brief and uncertain but before the meeting was over, little school with its big stick and its her sister Margaret Parry, came (Continued) was assured. She duncecorner, but also the great allhurrying to her in tears and saying:

could dance; she could act, tell a inclusive university of bumps and 'Oh, Josephine, you are called, but

good story, sympathize with people thrills and occasions, of the surprises surely you won't go.'Together they

in trouble, and give hearty compliand disappointments which make up wept over the prospect till Josements to them in their good fortune. the joyful thing called life on earth. phine's husband came. He told

The university of hard knocks does All was woven with Cedar City into them that the house had been turn out some wonderful people, the finest feelings of her heart, and crowded to overflowing; everyone

especially when they are of superior its warp and woof were made strong was tense, excited, almost breathfiber at the time they enroll for the by the comfortable home they had less as they waited to hear the fatal course. succeeded in building; the home to list. 'We are among those who are

As a sample of her unique way of which their little folk had come, and called,'he said, 'and we will go.'

adding life to a party: In a social where the angel of death had given They were freighters and farmers

gathering, a kind of eccentric bache- a sacred solemnity to their prime and builders of homes, seekers for lor was asked to stepdance, and he purpose. the comforts of life and gatherers of

consented on condition that Mrs. A disturbing fear began to mar the property, but above all that, they

Wood would dance with him. She peace and security of the Wood were candidates for eternal life, and

readily agreed, and in her prehome; undefined at first, it took the call of the Church and the

tended preliminaries to the pershape with rumors and reports and priesthood towered in importance formance, she contrived to remove became the impending something above all their temporal vocations.

her switch and pin it on his coattail which casts its shadows before. They Hard as the call looked, they would

without his suspecting anything. heard about a mission which the not allow their feelings to build up

When they began to dance, the loud Church proposed to establish in the against it.

applause convinced him that he was faraway and unknown San Juan And yet, "Josephine's thoughts putting on a wonderful performance, corner of the territory. The Church flew back in sorrow over the years,

and turning himself loose he cut was looking for young people of inthe dear happy years they had lived high pigeonwings and executed fantegrity, people who could adapt to in Cedar City, their home and all tastic capers while the switch waved adverse conditions, and who could it meant to them. And now this call

behind him like the tail of a wild be depended on to act wisely and to go away into the wild and unmustang, and the party laughed till courageously among savage Inknown, to leave all the hardearned they had to wipe the tears from their dians. It was proposed to build and comforts they had gathered around

eyes. maintain a Latterday Saint town them. 'Will we never stop pioneerPeople in trouble seemed to find right in the midst of the warloving ing?'she asked in a burst of distheir way instinctively to Sister Navajos and Paiutes, and to win by couragement. 'My father and mother

Wood, even though she had been a kindness and fair dealings the goodcrossed the plains and toiled to make stranger. Quoting again: "Her huswill and confidence which military this place livable, and died here,

band was away on the freightroad operations do not inspire. and now we are to go on.'

much of the time, and one stormy The thing impending with its All the same, like their fathers who night when she was there alone, a dread shadow became a reality, and had given up everything and jourknock came at the door. She opened a meeting was announced to be held neyed in tribulation over sea and

it just a little bit, and a fellow pushed in Cedar, where the names would land to obey the call of the gospel, his way in and ran to the fireplace be read of men called to the San Sam Wood and his companion could like a wild man. She was frightJuan Mission. not find it in their hearts to do otherened. But stiff with the cold he "Josephine had such a dread of wise. The call had come from the

managed to say, 'Don't be afraid, being among those to be called, that prophet of the Lord, and they would

I won't hurt you. I am about to she did not go to Church that day, obey, let the consequence follow.

freeze and starve to death.'She

understood; her fear left her; it was WOMAN BAKING BREAD

a poor fellow creature in great need.

She fed him, gave him blankets, and by Elaine V. Emans

told him to sleep by the fire. When You needn't tell me you are baking bread!

she awoke in the morning, he had I noticed it while standing at the door, gone without telling his name. Ringing your bell, before you, answering, said,

Months later, she received some gifts "Come in!"Few fragrances arise and soar

signed: 'From the man you kept from In such friendly fashion, well beyond

starving and freezing.'It was unThe kitchen; few can tell so colorful

canny how the homeless found their A story. Once again I see a plow

way to her door."Lay back the good earth, followed by a gull,

The Woods loved Cedar City. And then the green shoots springing up, and how

Samuel had come there as a small The gold grain undulates within the wind child, and she had been born there. And sun before the triumph of the threshing.

It was hallowed in their memory by And then I see you with your apron pinned pictures of childhood days. She had Around you, kneading dough, your strong arms flashing

waited there on the step for her lost With pleasure in the task. So much is there

mother; she had gone to school there, In the smell of baking bread upon the air!

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA **,*""W*''an*

George W. Crane, M.D., Ph.D.

Member of the American Medical Association,

PanAmerican Psychological Association, author, lecturer, columnist, holder of 5 degrees earned at

Yale and Northwestern universities.

A Psychologist's Views on Flowers at Funerals by Dr. George W. Crane

One of the signs of advancing civilization is the reverential way approved the woman's farewell gesture before Christwas cru cified.

in which people their treat dead. read So interesting Carolyn's If flowers are sent to funeral, the the sender seldom NOTremarks. see Then idealism if you wish stripped the from final contributes extra to any the poor, anyway. moneygraduation of ceremony your loved ones they depart when from

this classroom called Earth. Don't be penny wise but pound Graduation Ceremony—Death is a graduation ceremony

foolish about flowers at funerals. as we leave this classroom called Earth and go onward to a

in higher classroom God's Cosmic School System. graduaAnd T-307: is Carolyn D., 34,CASE age attractive a very tions are affairs. colorful to supposed be your daughter Whenhigh school teacher. Crane, "Dr. of best one students my graduates school, high from you generally beautifully outfit her killed inwas auto last an wreck of she week,"began. "Several see that she corsage. and a has teachersus attended funeral, for the felt the very keenly we

try to beautiful her graduation You as make and happy anloss of this boy. such was a promising He student that we were

possible. as Well, the she leaves why not do same when ofvery proud him. his father insisted But that had send event nobody

this earthly classroom?flowers. I never life so in And was shocked at the drabness my

of death without flowers. Up till then, I had thought flowers The flowers are intended primarily for the living relatives,

were an unnecessary expense for funerals. anyway. They indicate the love and affection of friends and

"The whole funeral service was rather flat and despondent. neighbors. So they exert a positive psychological influence in

And it wasn't because the clergyman didn't give a fitting talk. buoying up the spirits of those who are in grief.

The lack of flowers let the audience down."So don't strip flowers from funerals. If you wish to carry this

to conclusion, "economy"argument its coarse then not whyFlowers at in people FuneralsMany modern America imitate Hitler bulldoze and just the a trench dead and dump thehave urged omission of flowers funerals, from to thinking therein? carcasses

salvage such for charity. it is money possible to destroy But

beautiful half caskets, have flowers, lights, subdued Whythe idealism beautiful of a graduation ceremony by stripping music and address It is an inspirational at all? a false economyit of the flowers that surround our final farewell.

idealism to destroy to salvage the price of a few quarts of milk Jesus recognized fact this same reproved when His Apostles He youngsters. tenementfor scolding the costly poured the woman who ointment upon for

Christ. They argued that it was wasteful, saying the ointment "Man does not live by bread alone,"said Jesus.

could have been turned into cash and then given to the poor. Reprinted by permission.

"The poor ye have with you always,"Jesus remonstrated, as He

Florists'Telegraph Delivery Association

Paid Advertisement MARCH 1959 169 by Douglas H. Thayer

Part 2

Boy Scouts on a hike discover that a storm has taken the "Probably. Every bear in the park could be down

hridge out behind them, necessitating an overnight bike back. That evening, as camp is made, a strange track is here for berry holiday for all I know."

discovered. "What are we going to do?"

"Nothing we can do except keep heading for the ranch. Too many cliffs for us to climb out of here,

"Must be a grizzly,"he said, in a respectful tone. and our food wouldn't last anyway. We've got to keep

"A grizzly?"Dave replied. "You know as well as I going."

do that grizzlies went out with Buffalo Bill.""Going to tell the fellows?"Dave questioned again,

"It's too big for a black bear. It must be a grizzly,"his face growing more serious with every question.

Lace persisted. "But where did he come from? The "Morning will be soon enough. We won't have

only grizzlies in the whole state are in Blackstone any trouble tonight if we keep the fires going."

National Park, and that's thirty miles from here."As they came in view of camp, Lace was relieved

"That's probably where he came from."to see that all of the patrol was back from the lake

"But why would a bear leave a safe place like that and some had fish.

t come here?"After the fish had been cleaned, cooked on spits,

Lace tho.ught for a moment. Why would a bear and all but gulped down, Lace had the patrol rake

leave the safety of the park? As he thought, his eyes the fires out of the two shallow caves he had selected

wandered from bush to bush in the surrounding forest as sleeping quarters for the night. He put the older

as if he half expected the maker of the large track to Scouts on twohour watch to keep the fires going outstep out and give him his answer. Then he caught side the caves and then turned in with the others.

sight of a bush covered with berries. The early fires had heated the sides and floors of the

"I've got it. I know why the bear left Blackstone."caves, and the fires that would burn all night would

"Why?"reflect enough heat to keep the patrol fairly com-

"Because of the berries. This valley is at least two fortable.

thousand feet lower than the park, and that's why the berries grow here and not in Blackstone. The As the early dawn began to whiten the sky, the

bears probably come here every summer."To back patrol was up, and breakfast, which amounted to

up his statement, Lace drew a map from his shirt another sandwich and half a chocolate bar for each pocket, unfolded it, and held it up to the fading light. Scout, was soon over. While the patrol fitted packs

"Look,"he said, pointing to the map. His finger for the day's hike, Lace decided that it was time to

started at the boundary of Blackstone Park and traced let them know what Dave had discovered the previous a series of three canyons that led almost like a highnight.

way to the valley they were in. The last canyon hit "Fellows,"he began, "unless I'm mistaken we're on

the valley at right angles and had its mouth about ten kind of a bear preserve here—a bear valley you might

miles below the lake where the Scouts were camped. say.

"Do you think we will run into any more bears?"He saw several eyes open wide at the word bear,

Dave questioned. and Pinky seemed to move closer into the center of

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As far as Lace knew there was only one way to stop her long enough for the patrol to clear out.

the group. No one showed any signs of real fear, any trouble."Even as he gave this last advice Lace

though, and Lace felt his body relax. He explained knew that his voice carried a tone of confidence he

about the bear track and the bears coming down from didn't feel.

Blackstone Park. "I really don't think the bears will The patrol had a somewhat military aspect as it

bother us,"he continued, "not as long, that is, as we moved down the valley trail. They walked along at

let them know we're around. When we go down the a steady pace, glancing at the bushes and trees as if

trail, talk and holler a lot and sing if you want. Then they expected to see a bear snoozing under every

we won't walk around any bends into the arms of leaf. The only unmilitary thing about the patrol was

some bear chomping berries. As long as we give them the constant noise that issued forth from their throats.

a chance, they will get out of the way. I'll take the The valley descended gradually in a series of

front of the patrol, and Dave will be at the rear. Stick plateaus. At the beginning of each plateau, or a little

together and do exactly as I say, and we won't have above it, Lace trotted (Continued on page 195)

MARCH 1959 171 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

>4/K

/ just can't live with myself. day Saint youth. Admittedly no single individual

For the last few weeks I've been possesses all the attributes of a perfect counselor, but so miserable and upset. Seems all may increase their proficiency through intelligent

I cant relax, study, or get along study, research, and application of tested principles.

All counselors will not follow the same techniques with anyone. I need help, but

and methods. Some are highly trained and skilled

where can I go? My folks would be shocked and and feel they are prepared to diagnose problems of

disappointed if they knew what's bothering me. They youth. Others may recognize that there is no one

just don't seem to think 1 should have any problems. technique which will serve the best interests of all

A long time ago I went to see Mr. Blank. He lectured counseling. Another group may adhere to the selfto me for an hour and told me how weak and immaadjustment philosophy which holds that for the most

ture I was. He hardly gave me a chance to tell him part the student is able, with proper insight and

perception, to solve his own problems.what was bothering me. I guess maybe I'll contact

Someone has defined counseling as a process in

Brother Doe. Jim said he helped him with a personal which an experienced and trained person assists a

problem once, and he really is a nice fellow. 99 second person (1) to understand himself and his opWho has not heard similar conversations among portunities, (2) to make appropriate adjustments and

boys and girls in the schoolroom, at church, or the decisions in the light of this understanding, (3) to home? And which of you mature readers has not accept the responsibility of this choice, and (4) to

had the experience of assuming the role of a counfollow a course of action in harmony with this choice.

selor to young people with their personal, spiritual, The person to whom young people turn for assistand emotional problems? What a challenge and a ance with their personal problems is one who has a

responsibility! sincere and friendly interest in them. Such a person

Effective guidance and counseling can play a tremanifests a faith in youth and possesses an intelligent mendous role in the solution of problems of our Latterand sympathetic understanding of their adolescent

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Wendel Johnson Principal, Seminary Utah State

Industrial School, Ogden

appear without advance notice. In the lives of young

people problems are normal, but a failure to solve them or learn to live with them may lead to abnormality.

The initial counseling interview will be extremely important. The counselor must make few "slips,"if

any, or the young man or woman may not return for further help. If he loses faith in the counselor at the

first visit, to whom can he turn? It is entirely possible

inconsistencies. He shows emotional maturity—is that he came to the counselor as a last resort. Direct

young in spirit when recalling his own youth but is questions must be held to a minimum, and the counalso sufficiently mature to possess good judgment and selor will remember that one of the surest ways to common sense. He has a deserved reputation of stop a counseling conversation, especially in its early

competence in his dealings with youth, and irrespecstages, is to ask questions which can be answered tive of his techniques and methods, he will be himself! "yes"and "no."He will permit the youth to do most

The true Latterday Saint counselor values the spirof the talking. After all, the interview was arranged

itual inspiration he receives from his Heavenly Father for him. He is the one who needs help, and only as he

as he assists young people in solving their problems. releases his own thoughts and conflicts will he be able

He always remembers that though every individual to reorient his ideas and goals toward a more satisvaries somewhat in mental and physical abilities, factory adjustment. The counselor should be careful

drives, interests, and social progress he is still a child not to probe and obtain more information than the of God and as such is of priceless worth. youth is ready to release. A withdrawal on the part

The wise counselor will recognize that all people of the young person may result when he discovers have problems, that they are interrelated, and that that more information was disseminated than he felt they arise out of situations. Further, they do not proper at the interview. (Continued on page 190)

MARCH 1959 173 PLEADINGS FROM THE by Lois Anne Farnworth*

One of the most glorious principles of the "Yes,'he said, 'but I am going down today to finish gospel of Jesus Christ is that of salvation for my work. I have no more names, and I do not know

our dead. the names of those who you say are related to me.'

The importance of this was emphasized by "'But when you go down to the temple today you

President Anthon H, Lund, in 1919, when he will find there are records that give our names.'

was First Counselor to President Heber J. "He was surprised. He looked until they all disapGrant. At the dedication of the Hawaiian peared, and drove on. As he came into the temple,

Temple he told this story: Recorder Farnsworth came up to him and said, 'I have

"I remember one day in the temple at Manti, just received records from England, and they all be- a brother from Mount Pleasant rode down to long to you.'

the temple to take part in the work. As he "There were hundreds of names that had fust arpassed the cemetery in Ephraim, early in the rived, and what was told him by these persons that

morning, he looked ahead, and there was a he saw was fulfilled. You can imagine what joy came

large multitude, and he wondered how that to his heart, and what a testimony it was to him could be. Why should there be so many up that the Lord wants this work done."

here? It was too early for a funeral, he thought. The man who had that visitation was my greatBut he drove up and several of them stepped grandfather, George Farnworth. He was born 24

out in front of him and they talked to him. January, 1818; and died 11 July, 1903. He was bapThey said, 'Are you going to the temple?* tized into the Church 30 October, 1853 and left Eng-

"'Yes.* land with a wife and child. v Both died on the way

'Well, these whom you see here are your at St. Louis, Missouri. He crossed the plains by ox

relatives, and they want you to do work for teamand'settled at Pleasant Grove, Utah, in 1855. In

them.'1859 he and his second wife, Mary Jane Allan, moved

*A student at IJrigham Young University. to Mount Pleasant While there the experience re174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

lated by President Lund occurred. At the time Presi- "Just then I looked at them and saw they were all

dent Lund was in the presidency of the Manti Temple, men and thought it strange that there were no women.

which had fust been dedicated. Brother Famworth I tried to recognize some of them, but knew none. I

and his wife frequently attended sessions there. was thinking, 'How can I find out their names?'when

In our family is preserved the written account by it appeared that a voice by me said, my greatgrandfather of his impressive interview. 'When that will be required it will be made

These are his words: known.'

Sanpete County "I felt while looking at them, 'Shall I be worthy to "July 16, 1888 help them?'Just then the tears were rolling down

"This morning about 10:00, while traveling between my cheeks and in humility of my soul I shouted, 'God,

Pigeon Hollow and Ephraim graveyard, I felt a very help me!'I said aloud, 'God being my helper, I will

strange sensation such as I never before experienced, do all I can.'It seemed as if the whole host shouted

Under this influence I went along and I looked as if with one voice, 'Amen.'I could stand it no longer

ahead. It seemed that right in front of me there was and cried aloud while wiping my face and eyes. After

,a vast multitude of men; to the right and a little in I could. control myself I looked ahead and all had

front stood a large man.... He waved his right gone.

hand and said,. "When I got to Ephraim I felt so overcome I had

'They are your kindred and we have been waiting, to tie up my team and rest before I could go on to waiting, waiting for your temple to be finished. It Manti.

is now dedicated and accepted by our Father, and "My sincere prayer is, 'God help me to do all I you are our representative. We want you to do for can for them!'

us what we cannot do for ourselves. You have had "GEORGE FARNWORTH."

the privilege of hearing the gospel of the Son of God; As he entered the temple that day, the temple

We have not that great blessing.'recorder, Moses Franklin (Concluded on page 185)

MARCH 1959 THE RIGHT CIRCLES Church Moves On

The Right Circles ( ContinuedA new junior college that the

Church plans in the Salt Lake City area will be built upon the present Forest Dale golf course.

The Church purchased that land from the city today for $567,680.

The junior college will be a part of the Unified School System of the

Church.

Winder Stake, the 274th now functioning, was organized from parts of Miller eek (Utah) Stake, with President M.

Elmer Christensen, who presided in the Millcreek Stake as president.

His counselors are Elders Ivan B.

Cutler and Henry W. Richards. His

former first counselor, Elder James

H. C. West, was released and then

sustained as president of the high priests quorum of Millcreek Stake.

Elder Cutler had been his second counselor. Wards in the new stake

the Millcreek are Winder, Third, and like the corner swingin'Swing a gate, on

Fifth, Fourth, Seventh, Ninth, and your late. if you're not too own Now Tenth. Elder Cleo Wright was M. all four Ring with up your might

as of sustained president Millthe join All in circle right. and

creek Stake with Elders Alfred H.

Bennion and Sherman L. Park as his

Gaily the dancers circle and swing happy family moves from round to counselors. Wards in this stake are:

to the beat of the band and the round in perfect rhythm. Millcreek First, Second, Sixth,

command of the caller. every Next, we widen our circles to inEighth, and Valley Center First and

happy heart in tune. clude an evergrowing number of Second. The division was directed

What wholesome harmony! what casual or close associates: chums of by Elder Henry D. Moyle of the

wonderful fun... when everybody's our youth, neighbors, schoolmates, Council of the Twelve and Elder

in step and in tune, and when your club, social, business, and church Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to the

partners in the dance are clean, friends. Out of these circles come Council of the Twelve.

healthy, wholesome people like youreventually our more enduring friendself. ships, our lovers and sweethearts, The master plan for a new

And so it is in real life, too. The and the permanent partners we will Idaho Falls campus of Ricks

circle is gay or dull, good or bad, choose to help us start new family College was announced. The

as we find, or fail to find, the right circles of our own. plan details developments that will

partners and heed, or ignore, the These permanent circles of assobe made on the new 160acre camcommand of the "caller."ciation and affection will become for pus located on South Holmes Avenue

Life is a series of circles, beginning us, if we choose them wisely and in Idaho Falls. Preliminary plans

with the family circle. For this keep in time and tune, the right call for campus facilities that will

happy circle, when love and faith circles. In them we will find true accommodate three thousand stuabide in the home, we give thanks harmony and happiness. dents in the opening term. Howto kind and wise parents. Working, ever, the master plan is arranged so

playing, and praying together, the BE HONEST WITH YOURSELF that the campus can be expanded to serve ten thousand students if necessary. No target date has been set

SPENDERS tionas yetwork.for beginning the construcby Elaine V. Emans

They are the fortunate who know The whole world are sadly in

How far a little praise will go; want of what they call a masterThe doomed, who fail to realize spirit.

How much it costs to criticize.—Brigham Young

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA See these Customdesigned Seven Complete Blue Flame AllGas Kitchens

rv

now on display at Pacific Northwest Pipeline Corporation Building 315 East 2nd South Street Salt Lake City sponsored by MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

11:30 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Mondays through Fridays

This is the first time in the intermountain area that such an outstanding exhibit has been assembled in one place. It is a wonderful experience to

see them—don't miss it

DOOR PRIZES!? PLENTY OF FREE PARKING!!

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving 81 communities in Utah and Wyoming with

Natural Gas—the modern fuel.

MARCH 1959 177 WHAOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooo! "Pull

to the curb, please!"

I hope that you never have to hear the sound of the police siren directed at you. I

hope you never have to hear the above command, spoken now, unfortunately, with seriously increasing frequency. I hope that you

drive your car so alertly and carefully, so accurately within the laws of the Motor Vehicle

Code, that this particular request is never made of you, and that you never have to sign for the receipt of a traffic ticket.

I always had, I sincerely believed, a cooperative attitude toward the Motor Vehicle

Code. When I took my test for my driver's

license, I rated a nice round one hundred percent on my knowledge of the traffic laws, and I thought I followed all the rules pretty carefully in my driving. I admit that I smiled

a little smugly whenever I saw a traffic officer, book propped on knee, pencil busy writing a ticket—for the other person, of course.

Then one Sunday it happened. I was driving, quite within the speed limit, down a busy

boulevard. I approached a pedestrian crosswalk at an intersection. The boulevard had

six traffic lanes, and I was in the middle lane of the three going west. The car to my right

in the curb lane was stopped at the intersection, and its wheels were in a position that indicated to me that the driver was going to make a right hand turn. He made no hand

signal, nor did his car seemingly carry any flash indicator.

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You drivers know the rule. You stop at a pedestrian expected when a group of young people get together.

crossing when the car next to you has stopped. I There was something different, though. Two bailiffs,

slowed, expecting the car on my right to turn. But I smartly uniformed, guns in holsters, were going over

did continue through the intersection. Just as I came the roll of ticket holders. And instead of an audito the middle of it, everything but my foot—which torium stage there was, in the front of the room, a

should have frozen on the brake pedal—congealed raised platform—the judge's bench. It was flanked on

within me. Two girls were walking around the car the side by the American flag and our state flag.

I thought was turning. The driver of that vehicle Court was called. Instantly the room grew quiet.

had stopped to let them pass. Fortunately, they Everyone rose to his feet. The judge entered.

peered around cautiously, saw me coming, and yielded For a moment I completely forgot that I was a their right of way as pedestrians in order to let me violator about to be fined. My heart felt a surge of

through. No one was hurt, and I was prayerfully pride as I participated in the pledge of allegiance to

grateful and articulately guilty, one hand raised to our flag. The judge looked dignified in his robes. He

my throat in typical gesture. seemed rather serious, but certainly not unkind, as he

No wailing siren confronted me, and I crept on my sat in his chair elevated above us and began to talk way. Just as I was approaching the next corner, a to this roomful of people. Since most of the room

car drew close to me on my left. It was a gray, unwas occupied by young adults, he directed his words

marked car occupied by two uniformed police officers. to them. They were good words, sensible, hopeful

"When it is convenient, would you please pull to words, explaining the serious situation before us and the curb?"the nondriving officer asked me. urging us to cooperate with the law. There were

Convenient! I began looking around for an unused no dire threats. There was just hope, an urgent hope

curb, angled my way as sanely as I could through that we would do better and take more to heart the the traffic, and parked on a long section of red curbmeaning of the code by which we were given the ing. The gray car pulled up like a clinging shadow privilege to drive our cars on the public streets and

behind me. highways.

The police officer was kind, courteous, even sym- I was deeply impressed. This was, indeed, a trepathetic. But he proceeded to write in his book and mendous privilege we had been given. Everyone was

handed me the ticket to sign. He explained that I was trying to help us keep it. There were great forces

to appear in traffic court a week from the following working diligently to protect our lives and the lives of

Monday. others. Why didn't this crowded roomful of people

Traffic court! My pride was hurt enough from realize this and perform accordingly? Here was a

getting the ticket without my having to appear in gathering of individuals, each one of them representcourt. The people I knew $ent their fines in or had ing a mistake—a mistake that could have meant

someone pay them, grumbled a bit, and called it a day. tragedy—and certainly a violation against a code that

"Oh,"said a friend, "that ticket carries a fine of ten had been drawn up to protect all of society. What

dollars. You just send it in, and it's all right. It's was the matter with these people, anyway—All of

what is called 'jumping bail.'a sudden I cringed down in my seat. I was represent-

I reread my ticket. It said unmistakably that I was ing a mistake, too! I had violated a serious, dangerous

to appear in court; it gave number such and such, and part of the code, something involving others—pedesit gave a definite time. Everything was clearly stated. trians—who had a right to cross the street safely.

And the idea of "jumping bail"had a flavor that didn't Why, just last week I had read about a woman who taste good to me. had gone through a trial for manslaughter. Certainly,

On the day appointed I went to court. In our without meaning to do harm, she had, through error,

city traffic tickets are in such abundance that we have driven through a crosswalk and had fatally injured our own traffic court building. I entered the desig- a child. The woman driver hadn't meant to do this—

nated room. For a moment I thought I was in the she was a fine woman, in public service, but she had

auditorium of a fine high school building. The done it. A brokenhearted jury had found her guilty.

majority of the seats in the large room were occupied A merciful judge had given a compassionate speech, by neatly combed, well scrubbed teenagers. There suspending all of her sentence save the revoking of

was the usual murmuring, even some of the laughter her driver's license. The woman gladly gave that up;

MARCH 1959 179 Inexpensive New Beauty for Home or Office with GEORGIAPACIFIC sheShe didn'thad theeverforgivenesswant to driveand again.symnamePeoplewrittenVs. ME!after the versus. The

of pathy everyone, but she could not vocabulary had new A wholeWOOD WALL PANELING relive the of that since the moment particular presentation come to me \\i$m error and bring back the little child. of that traffic ticket. And frankly—

I came out of my thoughts back to didn't like any of the words. Viothe courtroom. giving lator. Offender. this—an intibailiff was A Now

If 'W instructions. offended the anyone that I had kiw Site'to mation wished

plead "not guilty"he was to go with people—the society in which I

K otherlirri tocourt.be assignedI startedfor totrialstandin up.anlived.honestlyI asconsideredpossible. theCertainlymatter asI

T I wasn't guilty! If the man in the had rather frightened two girls who

other car had just given me some were simply trying to cross the kind of signal. If the wheels of street. I had frightened them with

his car hadn't been partially turned an instrument that was mighty dantoward the corner—actually it was gerous. The Motor Vehicle Code

his fault—I wasn't to blame. Yes, took on a new look. It was not just

section. I for driver's hadn't to, a PANELING I made meant FOR but license. It wasAw but I had gone through the intersomething set up so a test could be

it. had a great done of guilty of arm I was protection—protection the EVERY

for other people ticket. and for me. Most

of it, so far see, as I could DECORATING IDEA: violationNow thementionedline beforeon themyjudge was based had

Rippiewood Textured Panels started. Each person appeared dion simple courtesy and consideraStriated Paneling rectly in front of him. Sentences tion.

8 Natural Hardwood Finishes were given. Some girls and boys What happened next is told partwere being sent to night school ly to satisfy your curiosity about the

AVAILABLE AT driving classes. A few people (ofoutcome of my trial, and partly to

fenders many times) were being give me the opportunity to remark

YOUR LOCAL LUMBER detained for removal to jail! The on the fairness of our great system

paying of fines became a monotoof laws and rights, on the conDEALER nous, routine procedure. sideration of our judges, their treDISTRIBUTED BY At last I stood before the judge. mendous service. Also, I want to

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. "Guilty or not guilty?"he asked. comment on the courtesy and kind-

"Guilty with a reason, Your ness of our traffic officers. My parHonor,"I heard a voice saying. It ticular police officer (who has since

was my voice. been cited in the papers as a hero

WHAT'S "YourI explainedreason?"about the car on my fire)for savingcame aintonumbercourt ofonlivesthe inlasta

AHEAD? fight."Your plea is wrong,"the judge tion—andday of hiswentown tomuchneededmy rescue. vacaWith

What role will said. "You should have presented the use of little model cars, he

war play in a plea of 'not guilty.'"helped me show the judge just how

latterday "But I am guilty, Your Honor,"I drove through the intersection. I

destructions? I argued. was hopelessly bewildered in a

crowded courtroom. flashed across his Finally, tired he A twinkle

is "Prophecy history in reverse!"Presi-

"Let's officer tlje judge in have your that he believed I on told dent Wilford said, "If Woodruff you eyes.

want to know what is coming to pass, this,"he said. "Do you wish a court was an exceedingly careful driver,

read the revelations of St. John, read the trial or a jury trial?"and that it was his opinion that the

Book the of Mormon and book of Doctrine Trial! car on words, no voice confused had me, No my right came

Covenants, and these things and are at out at causing violate I thus Finally all now. a traffic of me me to our doors."

heard a funny, strained whisper—law.

IN SUPERBOMBS, SAINTS, "A court trial, Your Honor, but—"A fine had to be meted out beAND SCRIPTURES.. "Ten dollars bail. Next case, cause I had presented a plea of

Prof. Carl H. Jacob, head of the Journalplease."guilty and had admitted that I was

ism Department at Ricks College and a a legal for sentencing. judge, ready During appearthe week The

teacher of the scriptures for years in the arrived ing the envelope through it as kind words, with some made Church School System, correlated has for you the scriptural prophecies with the mail. In it a document confirmed small as possible, requesting only

events that are shaping up today. the trial, the time, and advised that two dollars of the ten I had de-

E. Cecil McGavin, prominent LDS I could have a lawyer if I so deposited as "bail."In due course, the

author, said this book is a "masterpiece"sired. One thing I felt sure of. I rest was mailed back to me.

and the "best book of its kind I have didn't need legal counsel. With That two dollars is the best inread."prayers, I was certain that the povestment I have made in my driving.

If your LDS bookstore doesn't have liceman and I could explain matters The whole experience paid me rich

SUPERBOMBS, SAINTS, tolegalthe paperjudge. thatBut didthe staggerpart of theme andme a valuablegreat dealdividends.about the Itworkingstaught

and SCRIPTURES was the heading: "The People Vs. of our courts. It showed me how

write to,"and my earnestly the police departments,

MONITOR PUBLISHING CO.

P. O. BOX 545 REXBURG, IDAHO

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v7uess what the boy with that "hollow feeling"

finds good, and good for him!

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grahams THE Available in oneand twopound packages

... because they're made with rich graham flour

and pure honey! What a wholesome way to "fill up"

hungry pantryraiders! Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams.

GRAHAMS snapThe perfectinto bitesizebetweenhalves- meal (lesssnack.crumbs).NabiscoWrapsscoresthemthemin to3

InEr-Seal wax packets for lasting crispness. Get some today.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

MARCH 1959 181 A MUST WHILE IN... the judges, and all forces concerned ness in driving—that there never can

SALT LAKE CITY are trying to educate and aid our be too much caution, too much leanVISIT and ENJOY youngresponsibilitiespeople, particularlyin the matterin theirof ingeverytowardpedestriansafety.crosswalk,It hasmarkedmade

safely handling cars. It taught me or unmarked, scintillate a Be Alert,

unwavering respect for the traffic Drive Carefully signal to me. It

laws. It has proved to me that has taught me that prayer is a fine

there never can be enough awarepart of safe driving. tove>&

The choice of every hour

Richard L. Evans

FAMOUS One of the easiest answers to anything we don't \f.--::::i UNUSUAL

to do, is to have time. want Sometimes say we don't MAIL WE l/THE OUR EXQUISITE F it isn't. this is true. It is deeply Sometimes and SPOKEN CANDIES 7 EVERYWHERE

/word...... / desperately true that we don't have time to do

''dmsiMcjcUL, JinsL&t everything, or to be everything, or to learn everyit thing, or to go everywhere. It is true that we have to make choices

as to the use of every hour. But there are periods of procrastination,

'smane of indecision, and of doing trivial things, that take more time than

StfJqtovfc 9ce(Siam we sometimes suppose. And often we wait for what we call a

850 East 21st South more opportune time. But we can seldom count on ideal condi-

—Salt Lake City, Utah—tions. We have to learn to work with the time we have, with life

as it is, under the conditions in which we live it. And in reality we

often take time to do what we want to do, yet feel we haven't time to do what we ought to do: Sometimes we feel we haven't time to

Sacred Music visit someone who is sick or in sorrow; that we haven't time

to serve, to assist, to improve, to learn, or even to read, to teach, for Ward Choirs or time, haven't saying assuming while to repent—yet we we

ALL GLORY LAUD AND HONORSchreiner 20 may still spend too much time on trivial pursuits, or on repetitious

AWAKE, MY SOUL, AND WITH routine. If we can't have a long visit, perhaps we can make much

THE SUNSampson.22

BLESS THE LORD, O MY SOULof a short one. If we don't have time to say everything, perhaps

Ivanoff 16 we can say the essential things. We never get anything talked GOSPEL IS TRULY THE POWER

OF GODSchreiner 25 out altogether, anyway. Yet we often take time in repeating some

HERE IN THIS HOUSEBeethoven 22

HOUSE OF GODHumphreys 22 things long after the real essentials have been said. Furthermore,

KING OF GLORYParks 25 we should learn that there is, in a sense, no free ticket to anything—

LORD'S PRAYERGates 20 LORD'S PRAYERRobertson 22 for we pay an irreplaceable price for everything that takes time. We

NOW THANK WE ALL OUR GODshould decide to "do many things"—good and constructive and

Bach 22 O SAVIOR OF THE WORLDGoss 2P useful things—"of our own free will."And as to making good use

SEND OUT THY SPIRITSchuetky 22 of the opportune moment, Shakespeare said it in these profound

Music Approval Sent on sentences: "There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at

Use this advertisement as your order blank the flood leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY Is bound in shallows and miseries. On such a full sea we are now 15 E. 1st South

Salt City Lake 11, Utah it serves, the current take lose must afloat, And our when we Or Please the send music indicated above.

1 ventures."is not to This in something panic, put us Approval but someCharge D On

D Money Enclosed thing which should lead us to quiet resolution as to the purposeful

Name use of each new day, each new year, each new length of life that

Address the Lord God has given.

City & State Shakespeare, Julius Caesar, Act iv, Sc. 3.

Daijnes Music "TheColumbiaSpokenBroadcastingWord,"fromSystem,Temple JanuarySquare presented4, 1959. overCopyrightKSL and1959.the

{j&MJ&bMff*

15 E. 1st So.ElMMl145 NORTH UNIVERSITY PR0VO/''Salt Lake City 11, Utah

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOU

YOUR

If you haven't traveled on one of the new

Union Pacific Domeliners, you just can't imagine how luxurious a trip can be. Soft lighting

... fine furnishings... smart, modern

decor—plus servants to wait on you...

delicious meals served in spacious dining cars... your choice of modern, comfortable

accommodations. Sound exciting? It is

Yet for all its excitement, Domeliner travel is relaxing. No weather worries... no traffic

worries... no problems of where to eat or

sleep. Instead you just lounge around

lazily in the Dome, where you can really the where... or in the lounge, scenery see

:.. mm.. you mmmmmmmmm* *m?mm favorite a sip or enjoy beverage can your

... or of cards music or soft game Ikmmmmmmmmmmmmsmmmmm privacy in the of your accommodations. own By Union Pacific Domeliner, getting there m

is just as much fun as being there! Ask

your Union Pacific ticket agent for details—he's at your service.

. onlssp your eClTship*".Y

f Uoiajj Htmd at Vmpkh Fom UNION PACIFIC MARCH 1959 183 GIVE Kangaroo Court such devastation, one might suppose that no number of pages would be (Continued) the perfidy of your too great to dedicate to the causecareer,"Still writes, that protesting as he as "might be written."many THE BIRD... only that of limits sense investigator obligation our himself to a can

induce him to "submit to the unfew brief notices because after all grateful task"of dealing with a the book, he says, is "below the digbook and an author "which might nity of criticism."

well be left to putrefy, amid the J. H. Hunt, a relatively conscienpestilence you have produced."tious critic, was frank enough to

Under such circumstances imparentitle a chapter of his on the Book

RAIN BIRD, tialitypositiveinvice:our scholar"To treatwouldyou bewitha ofof SeveralMormonBooks,(1844),Deemed"A BriefUnworthyNotice

of course! even ordinary respect, is to treat of Serious Attention."22 So deemed

... awfully deluded by whom? The critic who deems a There are handsome dividends them [i.e., "your

people"] the of his attention with unworthy most wanton and book to be earned in providing your 18 unfeeling cruelty."should leave the criticizing of it to Obviously these for weather own pascrops and

it ture... there's no better way were the days when professors read others who are willing to give

to do this than with Rain Bird their Cicero. What blows the top serious thought.

Sprinklers. Get water where from this particular vessel of highHere we have a paradox. Having

you want it, when you want it pressure academic righteousness is announced that nothing is so urgentnot the specific message of Joseph ly needed as a thorough study of the

Single installations have more Smith and his book, but the idea of Book of Mormon, one crusader after than doubled—even tripled—the thing: "It is not your peculiar another stops dead in his tracks with

yields and insured stability of opinions, as you well know, but your the lame excuse that the thing is crop income. See your dealer. impious pretentions, which honest not worth bothering about. And

and Christian are told again again with while and men reject, we Write for free information.

loathing in and abhorrence."possession being 19 Again, that no human

it is not on the basis of its particular of his faculties would give a second

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD contents, but solely on its claims to thought to the book, we are also

SALES & ENGINEERING terrible that inroads it is making that the Book of Mormon told CORP. revelation Azusa, California. O is to be judged. citizenry. enlightened an among

This point is well illustrated in "No argument, or mode of reasoning,

Mr. Kidder's review of Professor could induce anyone to believe that

Turner's book. If Turner is all in the nineteenth century, in the

twisted up about the authorship of United States, and in the blaze of the Book of Mormon, as Kidder science, literature, and civilization, claims he is, who cares? "... the a sect of religionists could arise on

question at issue here is one of comdelusions and impositions."So one

parative unimportance."Turner's intellectual wrote in 1855, and adds

reasoning may be weak and his evithe bemused confession: "But such

dence shaky, but that is all one as are the facts, and we are forced to long as we agree that the Book of believe them."23 This might be

Mormon is a vicious fraud, "we hail taken as an interesting commentary his work as one of... an eminently on the Book of Mormon: An intellipractical bearing."20 gent man is confronted by a situaThese three masterpieces usually tion which, he tells us in the strongkeep company with the latter work est language, nothing on earth could

of Thomas Gregg, which contains induce him to accept as possible—

the usual declarations of contempt but there it is! Though they are

for the Book of Mormon and alarm contrary to everything we can or at its effectiveness: "That a book... will believe, "such are the facts, and

below the dignity of criticism, should we are forced to believe them."Had

FURNITURE by / Mm. find tens of thousands of persons of he examined the Book of Mormon

HEYWOOD- 1 ordinary intelligence throughout itself more closely, Mr. Reynolds For School 'WAKEFIELD

it as a might have been forced to believe and Recreation Christendom, who accept is inhis training which Revelation many things from God to man, and

Smart Rooms. vanity unparalhad told impossible. deed a moral him were phenomenon styling and lifetime construction make

TrimLine furniture the ideal choice for leled in the nineteenth century.... "The reader will not be long,"

your school, social rooms, and Sunday Many pages might be written, filled Mr. Taylder promises in the introtubular schools. of chromeplated Made or with instances of the senseless, duction to The Mormons'Own Book, steel with laminated plastic, solid wood

indestructible HeyWoodite Solid Plastic ridiculous, incongruous, and blas- "in judging whether his [Joseph... available in a complete selection of phemous character of the work,"to Smith's] statements are the tranchairs, desks and tables in scientifically accept which "is to eschew holiness script of an enthusiast who unconfor catalogs. Write graded sizes.

and goodness, and to dethrone the sciously invested facts with the

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY Almighty."21 To save the world from coloring of his imagination, or the

School Furniture Division MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cunninglyconcocted afterthoughts most dangerous weapon against the ination of its contents is useful, of a knave...."24 Here the reader moral world in this doctrine of 'a therefore, rather as a means of prois given two damning alternatives continuing revelation.''That is the viding the fraudulent characters of

in advance and told which one he is cloven hoof—as usual, it is not the its pretentions to divine revelation

going to choose. With such helpful Book of Mormon, but the Angel than as a means of ascertaining what

prompting he need not be long in Moroni that is being put on trial: the members of the Mormon church

reaching his conclusion, and the irk- "To accept... any dispensation are taught."28 Here the student is

some obligations of serious research formulated in the terms of 'Thus actually warned against reading the are gracefully sidestepped. With saith the Lord,'is a portentous danbook to learn whether it is true or

it is to not, civilizainstructed approach but to enlightened ger sign forethought,the considerate same "as just object in mind, a gentleone since this with that 26 Note sent copies of the Anthon tion."Mr. Bays

Transcript to a number of scholars, man is not willing to accept any means of proving the fraudulent asking for their opinion of it—but claim to revelation, the problem of character of its pretentions to divine

not for their impartial opinion! With testing such a claim never arises. In revelation."And what rules does

the transcript went a lurid covering the same spirit, Professor Beardsley Mr. Linn have for telling when a

letter, making it perfectly clear just founds his Book of Mormon criticism writing is or is not the product of what infamous claims were made for on the unshakable rock that "the divine revelation? The usual rule,

thing! of course: rejects is no such There everything mind modern recipleaving thethe document, and

7 after Linn's Shortly appeared supernatural."- book Granted that premients effect as a in no doubt to what

word in its favor might have on their ise, of course the Book of Mormon is the Fallows published their widely reputations. The answer of the most a fraud. But the challenge of the circulated Mormon Menace. "What

eminent of the professors consulted Prophet is to test the possibility of sane person,"they ask at the outset, gives the whole thing away. "The revelation by using the book as evi- "can believe that this man really bedocument which you enclose,"the dence, in which case we cannot start lieved that a glorious angel came

reply begins, "raises a moral rather out by rejecting the book out of from God and revealed to him the of these that place revelahiding because golden we knowthan an linguistic problem."And as hand

tion is is rhetorical; impossible. plates?"2 "is exactly That The question the professora moral problem

treats it. 25 Any chance of an imwhat we do not know. merely to state it is to have your

partial linguistic test was out of the The work of Linn, often hailed as answer. However effective polemquestion under such circumstances, the first really scientific study of ically, it closes the door to any real

yet this was one of the few attempts Mormonism, is a good example of investigation. If the whole thing

made to judge the Book of Mormon the backward approach. "The Moris simply out of the question to any

by severely objective standards. mon Bible,"he announces, "both in sane person, what sane person is

The first volume of the eminent a literary and theological sense, is even going to think about it?

American Anthropologist includes a just such a production as would be (To be continued) study of some length with the promexpected to result from handing over ising title, "The Origin of the Book to Smith and his fellow-'translators'FOOTNOTES of Spaulding's a material mass and of displayingof Instead Mormon."JEd. Meyer, Ursprung und Geschichte

doctrinal for collation matter newthe penetration deep scientific and der (Halle: Niemeyer, Mormonen 1912), 8 copying."- that Notice and behe n.l. 5, p.archaeological a have acumen we

"Ibid., 19. p. definite gins with expectations and toright a source, expect such from

Marks, the "The 26th Life David of To in finds the exactly Book of Mormon his entire confinesthe study author bij Written Age, His of Himself expects. he what He advises in theto the mistakes grammatical: Office the Year( Limerick, of the Morning Me.

book, resting his case principally on student to do the same: "an examStar, 1831), pp. 340-1. This happened

the antiquated use of "which"for "who,"apparently unaware of the same usage in the Bible. He dismisses the book itself as "only grotesque...."Yet for all that "a portentous danger sign... a monstrosity Pleadings from the Dead and we are planning to complete

born of deceit and bred in falsethem as far as possible by arranging hood... a monster of iniquity and (Continued) Farnsworth brought the names into complete family

deceit...."And what is it in the him the names he had just regroups.

book that makes this expert so forget ceived from England on the FarnMany people on this earth have his cool scientific detachment? It is worth family, some of the names loved ones waiting for this work to

not anything the Book of Mormon going back to ancient times. He was be done for them. I sincerely pray

actually says that upsets him: "its their representative to help them to that we will all have a greater deteachings and precepts are not in attain perfection. He and his famsire to search for our ancestors and

themselves immoral.... For the ily were faithful in the performance become united to them in the bonds

Book of Mormon is not an immoral of the temple ordinances for them. of sealing, so that when we stand

book. There is no polygamy in it This experience of my greatbefore the bar of God to be judged,

... there is nothing immoral in the grandfather has been a marvelous he will say, "Well done, my good

book."No, what alarms and enrages inspiration to all of us. You can and faithful servant; thou hast been

him is not what the Book of Mormon imagine the joy when he bore in faithful over a few things, I will says, but what it pretends to be: power his testimony to the world. make thee ruler over many things:

"its adherents have discovered a There are sealings yet to be done, enter into the joy of thy Lord."

MARCH 1959 185 on March 29, 1830. Marks'statement, p.

341, "From all the circumstances, I thought it probably had been written by an infidel, to see how much he could impose on the credulity of men..."is quoted

with slight alteration and no acknowledgment by E. D. Howe, and lifted from him

by others in the same way.

Campbell's study first appeared in the

Millennial Harbinger for February 7, 1831 (Vol. II, 8596); it is most readily available in Dr. Francis W. Kirkham, A New

Witness for Christ in America, Vol. II (Independence, Mo.: Zion's Printing and Publishing Co., 1951), pp. 101-9. Our

quotation is from Kirkham, p. 105. ( Italics

ours. "The Reflector, Palmyra, New York, January 6, 1831; quoted by Kirkham, op. cit.,

II, 65. "Quoted in Josiah Priest, American Antiquities (Albany: Hoffman & White), 5th

ed., 1835, p. 76. The first edition was

1832. 7Origen Bacheler, Mormonism Exposed,

Internally and Externally (New York City, 1838), quoted by Kirkham, II, 159160.

aH. Stevenson, Lecture on Mormonism

(Newcastle: J. Blackwell & Co., 1839), p.

"Ibid., pp. 8-9.

10E. D. Howe, History of Mormonism:

or a Faithful Account of that Singular Imposition and Delusion (Painesville: Printed

the Author, 1840), pp. 9394. Nothing demonstrates the sensitive tempo of by

lxIbid., pp. 7475.

modern living so much as the fluctuating 1!Wm. Harris, Mormonism Portrayed

pulse of markets and commerce. (Warsaw, 111.: Sharp and Gamble, 1841),

cit., II, 166-7. op. cited in Kirkham, And for every reader in the IntermounIntd., by the Gleanings A. Clark, "Rev. John

tain West, The Salt Lake Tribune is an Way (Philadelphia: W. J. & J. K. Simon,

illuminating beacon reaching into 1842), p. 259.

p. 250. every channel of trade which may ulhid.,

affect western prosperity. You "Daniel"Ibid., p.P.282.Kidder, Mormonism and the

are abreast of the commercial Mormons (New York: Carlton & Porter,

world with The Tribune's 1842),17Ibid.,p. p.60.8.

complete market quotations, 18Prof. J. B. Turner, Mormonism in All

Ages (New York: Piatt & Peters, 1842),

exclusive DowJones financial p. 300. (In Kirkham, II, 190.)

dispatches and Robert L. Ibid., p. 302. (Kirkham II, 192.)

Berriick's coverage of the 20Kidder,21Thos. Gregg,op. cit.,Thepp.Prophet336f. of Palmyra

York: (New important events in the West's

95. 75, The J.firstB. statementAlden, 1890),is quotedpp. 35,by

industrial realm. Keeping the Gregg from S. S. Harding.

( St. Louis;

39ff. pp. Intermountain Ustick"Jas. &H.Davies,Hunt,1844),MormonismCh. VI,

West in perspective 23John Reynolds, My Own Times ( Illiwith the commercial world nois,24T.1855),W. P. p.Taylder,563. The Mormons'Own

is another of the essential Book (New Ed., London: Partridge & Co.,

services provided for every 1857),23Davisp. xxiv.H. Bays, The Doctrines and

home and every office by... Dogmas of Mormonism (St. Louis: Christian Publishing Co., 1897), p. 263.

28P. J. Pierce, "The Origin of the Book

Anthropologist of American The Mormon,"e ak* Halt 1iibxmt I. (Italics ours.) Vol. 694. N.S. p. (1899), TKIZE VUUTZER Beardsley, Smith Joseph and 27H. M.

of a Ne wspa pers America's G reat One York: (Boston, His Empire Mormon New

Houghton Mifflin Co., 1931), pp. 79f.

Beardsley is ready to accept "The Mormon version"of the story of the Book of Mormon "if we related it in modern terms...

Songs of Zion's Way of Life DRINK shorn of its supernatural aspects."As if

15 Choice Songs theelse wisethanmenits supernaturalof 1830 objectedaspects!to anything

Finest Workmanship 28Wm. A. Linn, The Story of the Mor- A delightful Price—$2.00 ficq

for those hot beverage MARIE M. BARTON

Olive Dr. 2451/2 So. Mesa, Arizona who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS 186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For business or pleasure, anything York:mons (New Macmillan, 1923), pp. for IN THE WEST 8990. (1st ed., 1901.) the sun under

""Rt. Fallows Rev. Samuel & H. M. FalBonanza flies you GO BY AIRlows, (Chicago: The Menace Mormon

Woman's Temperance Publ. Assn., 1903), to the fun!p. 16. GO BONANZA Now serving

22 resort cities in Prisoner's Base California, Arizona, ( Continued ) spirits in prison whom Nevada and Utah SALT LAKE CITY visited,the Lord and there are some

RENO PR0V0spirits in visit. we can prison whom

Some are prisoners of ignorance;

the prisonerssome of disobedience, sloth, or indifference. Messengers t rONOPAH CEDAR CITY

toare the "go to rescue"needed and lives sin"touch"has before so SI. GEORGE made

many encroachments upon their LAS VEGAS souls that rescue becomes impossible. APPIE VAUEY

in stake speaker confer- A recent

SPRINGS LOS ANGELES INOIO said thatence a he young was when INTL.* ONTARIORIVERSIDE PALM President his had putman McKay

SANTA ANA shoulder.hand on his never had He

forgotten. He said, "President SAN DIEGO

McKay touched me."Many people

can say that of President McKay.

SOON COMINGPresident not only touches McKay

Silver Darts... hispeople with hands; he newest also F-27America's

touches them with his example and turboprop airplanes his spirituality and his faith, and he brings them over to the Lord's side of the line.

The most worthwhile work in the FLY BONANZA AIR LINES world is to touch the lives of people with the spirit of the gospel. For

those who do will see the fulfilment of great the promise the when King Enjoy its extra convenience!

".shall.. say his right to them on

hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world.

"For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye

gave me drink....

"I was in prison, and ye came unto me."(Matt. 25:3436.)

APOLOGY TO A FRIEND

by Marian Boyle Monahan The storm subsides, and in my heart resides You'll like the extra convenience of the Royal Twin Loaf.

A deep regret where only Its handy double loaf slice breaks into two wellshaped love for you should be. pieces... perfect at the table or at sandwich time. Always

Give back my ugly searing fresh, too, and enriched with vitamins and iron for extra words of spite

That in the night glow hot nourishment. Try a loaf today!

to torture me.

I'll hide them deep in SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY OGDEN cushioned dark To keep them ever still and dead, Those biting, vicious THE IMPROVEMENT ERA words of mine 50 North Main Street SALT LAKE CITY 16, UTAH unsaid. I wish

$2.50 one year $3.00 Foreign

MARCH 1959 187 These Times "unconstitutional.""Integrated"fathe South and in the large urban

cilities seem bound for rough going, areas of the rest of the nation, be (Continued) case, Chief Justice including experience in New York, maintained in full bloom? How?

Warren touched on this not so simChicago, and Detroit. What other This challenging question is the

ple matter when he recognized that possibilities exist? Can the great latest aspect of the Supreme Court

"Today, education is perhaps the American public school system, in and the federal problem.

important function of state and local governments."He may not have

foreseen all the complications in the ruling that school attendance in public schools "is a right which must be available to all on equal ( and nonsegregated) terms."

The real difficulty lies in the fuofture development the Negro *.. Nothing that has an end Aloutside the South.population

though legal segregation does not of exist in schools the public New is long..."Detroit, actual Chicago,York, and

segregation tends to take place. As

Negroes move in, others move out.

Sociology reproduces, outside NorthRichard L. Evans

ern law, when the Negro population reaches a certain size, what Southern segregation laws have required. The

difference in the Northern cities, at It was recorded of a certain ancient king that he least in theory, is that the schools lived a hundred and twenty years, and that he tend to become "separate"but are THE reigned for eighty years—longer than most men live.

SPOKEN of this quickly chronology recorder the then And also "equal."more WORD "... still this significant nothing sentence: added well hold the Negro The vote may 1

of. is long."to think thought This is a profound an end states as that has ofbalance in such power

four years, lived last twentyfive have observed week, As if we Illinois, York, Pennsylvania,New is lived of of mortal the length the the length times life we have California.Michigan, Ohio, and

half of thanHere are more the votes wea century.have hereIf welivedhaveis alivedcentury.fifty years,And twicethose thewholengthhave oflivedthe fiftylife either to elect a Presidentnecessary

if fifty isn't long. years very century half a know that And States, of the United or a majority years

isn't long, if a century. century a very go so swiftly, so would And of of Representatives. the House

The Democrats and Republicans, neither would be several centuries. Think how quickly this previous

nationally, have to face the issue in year has passed; how quickly this past month has passed. No

the South through the urban politics matter how long men have lived, for those who have left us, life of these nonSouthern states. could be said in a sense, not to have been very long. When we

count those who once were with us who are here no more—and

The Southern "dixiecrats"cannot count how quickly days have come and gone, we must come to afford to divorce themselves from know that "nothing that has an end is long."And with this awarethe Northern Democrats. Ry doing ness we come to know that we are not so far from any past event

so they would lose control of the in human history, nor very far from future eventualities, nor from

Congress which they exercise through the facing of our own record, as we all surely shall. (Indeed, as

committee chairmanships. The Northwe do every day.) And thus thinking, we come to know that

ern Democrats (most of the time) some things which once we may have thought were of first imto elect the the help of Southneed so. that character portance not to be seem to know now We come

all So, sections are a President. intelligence and service peace work and and and and and truth

bound together in the bonds of kindliness and a quiet conscience, and the love of loved ones and the political charity. useful living of life, and faith in God and faith in the future are

This makes for the essence of the among things most to be sought for, among the lasting values of politics of federalism—the politics of life. Yes, the year has swiftly passed—and the new year will pass

adjustment and compromise. no less swiftly. We are close to the whole sweep of human history,

The Supreme Court is only one with real reason, soberly to select from among the things which forum, only one element in working last, the things that mean the most—for whether we are eight or

out the federal problem. The eighty, "nothing that has an end is long"1—which brings us to a new

federal problem is never solved. It awareness of time, to a new sense of values, and to an ever more

is flexible. There are no easy final earnest gratitude for each new day, for each new year, and for

answers. Despite much talk about the everlastingness of life.

"centralization,"there is life in the 1Marcus Ttillius Cicero, On Old Ago.

federal system still.

"Separate but equal"facilities if "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the provided at public expense are now Columbia Broadcasting System, December 28, 1958. Copyright 1958.

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Response is what you feel the instant you touch pipelike quality of the traditional organ. On

the keys of an organ. Response is also what you the other hand, when playing staccato, the

hear... what you create musically. response is crisp and fast. Whatever the music,

At the Baldwin Organ, you are complete you cannot "outplay"the Baldwin key action.

master of response. When keys are depressed For more detailed information concerning

smoothly for a legato effect, the response is a electronic organs, write for our easyto -read true legato. The Baldwin exclusive gradual key "Questions and Answers"booklet.

contact gives a dynamic buildup of tone for the A free copy awaits your request.

IMPORTANT BOOK FREE!

The Baldwin Piano Company, Building R-8, Cincinnati 2, Ohio

G Please send FREE BOOK "Questions and Answers"

BaldwinBUILT BY NameAddress.

PIANOS ORGANS City Zone State.

ALSO BUILT BY BALDWIN: ORGASONIC, SPINET ORGANS; BALDWIN, ACROSONIC, HAMILTON AND HOWARD PIANOS

MARCH 1959 -, Sq TRAVEL TRAVEL H >< 73>< HAWAII his solving of own problems. Guidance and insights, Effective sunfilled days. funfilled 16 or 8 atan provide therefore, will, He Sightseeing hotels. Meals. Deluxe Counseling free will encourage which mosphere Visit cruises. 4 islands, trips and

festiviof part the native young Enjoy L.D.S. on the Temple. expression initial interview (Continued) The

(Fun). Lealea Island ties and properphysical the person. Even for subsequent tone set the De- H should travel groups with or time part any thoughtfully be can ties of the room a It time of should interviews. be regularly. leaving

and arranged to avoid a stiff, placed getting acquainted and establishing>< $259-$639 73>< cold atmosphere. "climate."desired The indithe

vidual's problem may be introduced The counselor should show feelEUROPE if time and climate permit. The ings of genuine interest but no surEngland, 14 countries:—48 over days or disapproval approval prised approximately should be told Denyouth Sweden, Scotland, Norway, the youth anything He may say. will the interview time Belgium, how much Holland, mark, Germany,

expresLichtenstein. (June and to Marino, he gives which will play. feelings counselor part the the 73>< and departures.)>< Austria,SanSeptemberSwitzerland, Italy, Monaco, consume, what is expected of him, should strive to "live"the youth's the to live attempt should sions—he or interests problems outside No

should occupy the mind of the counattitudes expressed instead of mereAMERICAN selor during the session. If at all ly observing them and discover the

hopes, and hates, person's young teleor outgoing incoming HERITAGE TOUR warmth"fears. In the "emotional the interrupt calls not should visit H possible,phone Trail the Mormon—Along begins youth the of the counselor should interview. The counselor Nauvoo, AdamCarthage, Liberty,

safety of as he experience feel an letters, signing also refrain from CUMORAH HILL>< ondiAhman, to his attitudes Falls, of nearly all that finds PAGEANT, Niagara else anything mail, or doing Ottawa73>< reading

England, Montreal, Quebec, New in same almost the are understood will young visitor which make the Philadelphia, York, Boston, New is he them—and he perceives way importance. feel of secondary A other and Vernon Mt. Washington,

Mormon and American Historic young person can easily sense any accepted as he is.

Locations. preoccupation of thought by the In such an atmosphere of acceptperhaps to see his begin own may the success of the entire proson >< L.D.S. YOUTH TOUR 73>< counselor,mize which can materially miniance and reflection the young perlook first can time and the for ceedings. EUROPE his more problems at himself and of young problems personal Many

All 11 countries. days 30—to can begin then He inobjectively. conflicts of arise because expeople hotels, balanced menus, fine pense, confidence. faith and renew church, and the the home, volving Cultural L.D.S. visit and Branches.

Educational Sightseeing, Supervised H social customs. These selfconflicts This does not mean that the counthe Physician accompanying Fun, or condone approve should to selor difficult of most the are some

apply Limited Accommodations, It does imand frustrations. wrongs in counthe leaders solve. >< Many Tour. 73>< June 1959. early. Departs the accepts that he ply, however, Carl with field agree seling would I-

Rogers in the thought that the individual and builds within him to reorient ability in his confidence with conflictbewildered ROBBINS TOURS individual, actions. and own thinking is at this stage an emohis ing problems,

H tional being, guided more by feelings Counseling is a continuous procINTERNATIONAL than by rational judgment. Before ess, and frequently the greatest inafter are gained into sights problems his must problems, he solve can 73>< he Itineraries Compare counselor knows interview. The the Insight cannot into them. insight get Prices Compare assist the to able to not be an he over readymade may handed be then all his of probwith that person has It is something young individual.

TRAVEL WITH US to be gained. And before any belems at one interview. The young

Box 1514 Salt Lake City, Utah havior can be modified, reality must person should also understand this.

>< Phone EL 9-0959 73>< bewillingfaced,to change.and the person must be Thenated physicianamount ofprescribesantibioticsa fordesighis

Father upon then calls patient does and problems of one's Perception 13AV*I1 laAvai the and change complete how him Time to by telling not come about he ought to feel. Meaningful perhealing. The counselor should also

ception is a matter of direct sensory appreciate the importance time plays experience. The young person usualin correcting the personal thinking

ly knows the difference between habits of the person.

right and wrong, what he should do, The counselor should also recogand perhaps what he would like to nize that the sooner problems are FIL do. However, his present frustratreated, the more effective and painDEVELOPED & PRINTED tions and conflicts will not allow him less will be the cure, and will ento think coherently. Little progress courage the youth to modify his

can be made until proper insight is personal problems as quickly as he gained and the individual is ready to can, but he will not push or force

Send Coin Onlv help himself. the rate of change. Force is an inabout de-—No C.O.D.s A wise counselor believes that the effective tool in bringing

PHOTOS Copie average individual who comes for sired changes and adjustments in the r GENEALOGYassistance is capable, with proper lives in young people.

PHOTO

out of touch?

The wise counselor will not be- % i tray a confidence; for if he does, the.mi..k

young person will likely close the door to further help and become even more deeply involved in his own anxieties and despondencies.

A counselor should realize his limitations. When he feels that a

young person should be referred to the bishop, stake president, or someone else; such referral should, with

rare exception, have the sanction and endorsement of the individual.

Each interview should end on a happy tone, one in which the person feels hope and has faith in his ability to cope with his problems. Alcatch up on the news of

the counselingways door should be family and friends by long distance for later interviews.left open

The counselor should determine Remember, rates are lowest after 6 P.M. and all day Sunday

call stationto-station.whether the youth is revealing his—even lower when you

real or problems talking merely things.about less important may Mountain States Telephone He

experience difficulty in telling about the problems he would like to discuss. time confidence More or more CARZ

in the counselor beNEW be needed may fore issues the major can be released. Like to save up to Also, people do not some young

talk readily about their major problems because thev do not wish others $500 when you buy it?

to know the magnitude of them.

Some have great difficulty in deAMERICAN SAVINGS & LOAN can help scribing their troubles. Still others you save up to $500 when you buy your next*

are beset with problems but cannot car. How? Start saving now. Then, pay

clearly identify or separate them. cash for your car with savings, and save two

Always the competent counselor ways: you eliminate financing costs and your

will attempt to treat causes, not money earns extra dollars at AMERICAN'S symptoms. His sincere warmth and high current rate while you save.

interest carry the can person young let in and Stop SAVINGS show. AMERICAN realalong until the causes are recog- - in plan you this dollars and cents.nized and solved.

The good counselor will not lose sight of the "whole"individual. He

isolatedsees not alone ffflfe problems but '(Ame/ikwi Sawuti tries 3CURRENTYRATE to fit the of picture whole 'a Xfef> ASSOCIATION & LQAN lifeperson's together. OFFICE: Salt 63 South Main, Lake City 11, Utah HOME

In summarization, the teacher, the SUGAR HOUSE BRANCH: 2186 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City 6, Utah

bishop, or anyone else who assumes GRANGER: 3555 South Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah

the role of a counselor should emDIVISIONAL OFFICE: Honolulu, Hawaii

ploy all the learning and apply all BRANCH OFFICE: Kaimuki, Oahu BRANCH OFFICE: Hilo, Hawaii

the skills which he can develop. In

his kindly approach to young people, he should recall the Master's caution to the Prophet Joseph, "Donot run faster or labor more than FREE PARKING you have strength and means proin Downtown vided...."(D & C 10:4.) He will Pfrbt; Salt Lake City

seek divine assistance and strive to maintain the same positive approachthat Jesus displayed as he assisted c people with their problems: ( 1 ) faith Free parking for hotel and dining guests in our new

in the person's ability to adjust and 375car parking terrace. Add comfort and convenience

be happy, (2) a positive approach to your stay in Salt Lake City.

to the person and his problems, and THE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY ( 3 ) a nocondemnation attitude. HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

COFFEE SHOP DINING ROOMS BANQUET ROOMS

MARCH 1959 191 The work and glory of God is to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man. Priesthood Employment know of anyone who is unemployed,

Program male or female? Please answer yes

or no."This officer was acquainting

(Continued) proach to teach the all present with their privilege of world of our wonderful plan of the service in the priesthood. Each

gospel of Jesus Christ at work in meeting he brought up the employour modern world. ment question until every member

One Sunday morning, I saw a had become alert to indListrial, job, priesthood quorum officer utilizing business, and farm opportunities in this wonderful tool to priesthood their vicinity. It took literally weeks

brotherhood. The personal welfare to get some members to be aware

committee chairman (picking up the of their responsibilities, but the proimproved colored and The new chart of should priesthood roll pad) read aloud to cedure began to pay off, and job Salvation""Plan be in every home. A most complete the quorum: "Do you know of any opportunities began to roll in. The

and useful visual aid for all teachjob openings, male or female? Please rewards were really coming. Men

ers missionaries, in the Church, etc. 24"size seminaries, complete answer yes or no."Then he read caught the spirit of helpfulness. So

with references. Only a section of the next column, namely: "Do you much in- (Continued on page 204)

it is shown here. Available at

Deseret Book Store, Salt Lake City,

.. or Concerning inner resources.

THE VISUAL AID BOX 134, ROOSEVELT, UTAH, PHONE 111 Richard L. Evans

PRICE $1.95 Because so much is done for so many of us, both

Plus Postage.05 by men and machines, because we have become

THE accustomed to so much service, the use of hands in has, feet, of minds, and even many instances, SPOKEN and WORD often in the minimized. boredom been And "BANQUETMASTER"of any others inactivity, in of or people—and young hour, any moment LIGHT WEIGHT THE NEW

if is there will ask: also—can to do?—as TABLE FOLDING we BANQUET Where go? What

beautiful Designed for today's Schools every waking moment should be filled with some excitement, or Churches

Cafes Private Homes as if we had come to expect to be entertained continually. What

many of us need to learn in life is the selfresourcefulness that is not primarily dependent upon the efforts of others—an inner initiative for the filling of free time. "... men should... do many things

1 of their own free will,"we quote again. And among the many

things to do, there is much to be said for thinking, there is much to be said for walking, for working, for practising, for making,

Made in the West by L.D.S. workmen. for mending, for reading, for learning, for becoming acquainted

compare Banvou buy, BISHOPS—Before of y material for quality quetmasters and in literature, in music, in art, in scripture, with the heritage we

of design. Write beauty workmanship, have. There is much to be said for keeping life balanced, for feedprices descriptive with and for brochure discounts. ing mind and heart and spirit, for feeding all sides of ourselves.

Satisfaction Guaranteed your inspection. John Woolman, in his Journal of some two centuries ago, included sent for Sample table

Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601. these questions: "Do I use food and drink in no other sort and in

D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC. no other degree than was designed by Him who gave these [things]

Idaho Falls, Idaho for our sustenance? Do I never abuse my body by inordinate

labor, striving to accomplish some end which I have unwisely proposed? Do I use action enough in some useful employ, or do I sit

too much idle while some persons who labor to support me have

If in deficient, to of it? of things these share great a too any I amAMERICANS CURED OF CANCER

it is 2 It to to favor a to incited is a favor consider me."be incited be1939 -180, DO

to consider the balance of things, the value of things, and the re-

. A -21 Q,00Q sources we have within ourselves. These lines Ruskin wrote: "If

you want knowledge, you must toil for it; if food, you must toil

for it; and if pleasure, you must toil for it. Toil is the law. Pleasure

comes through toil, and not by selfindulgence and indolence.

;! ': - - When one gets to love work, his life is a happy one."3 What is

there to do now? Where is there to go next? There is much to be

said for working, for walking, for thinking, for learning, for deciding, for doing many things for ourselves, avoiding the emptiness,1959800,000) the feelings of frustration that come when we fail to fill time

GUARD YOUR FAMILY fruitfully.

Journal. Woolman, FIGHT CANCER 2John3Accredited*D & C 58:27. to John

WITH A CHECKUP 'The Spoken Word,"Ruskin.from OriginalTemplesourceSquareunknown.presented over KSL and the

AND A CHECK Columbia Broadcasting System, January 11, 1959. Copyright 1959.

AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For a Summer DesignedSweet Sixteen

...(Continued) Junior is highly imWith YOU in Mind

pressionable at this age. It is most

important that he get started in business with people who want to build men, not bend them. The

important thing is not the kind of job, but who runs the job. I know a

father who felt his son should be a newsboy because he had heard that many newsboys grow up and become corporation presidents. This

is true, but some newsboys also grow up and go to Sing Sing. If Junior

wants a job, it is his father's task to find out what kind of people Junior will have as his associates.

Sleep is also important to Junior but not as important as it was between 12 and 15 while he was growing so fast. A 16year-old is usually

tough and robust. As a rule, he can

get along on a little less sleep than sleep can't sacrificebefore, he but it affects pointto the where his Plan to Attend Summer School school or his health. Parents can

usually tell after a few days whetherJunior is going to be able to stand At BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY the gaff.

Some jobs are too rugged for a 16year-old, and he can hurt his health. SPECIAL EXTRAS Devotionals and MusicalsThis may be due to the hours, the Church General Authorities and

working conditions, or the pressure PLANNED FOR YOU religious leaders speak in asof other commitments which he alsemblies, and the summer music ready has. It is up to the parents INSTITUTES series features the finest artists

to watch Junior carefully and if he Summer Music Clinic in the field.

begins caving in, pull him off the Youth Clinic Educational Advancementsjob. Genealogy Institute Many students complete college

in less than four years by atDoes a Working Boy Miss INTENSIVE COURSES tending Summer School. Outclinics and workshops standing Russian Elementary Too Much Fun? in refresher work. aid teachers Theories Counseling Advanced

boy that a feel parents Some Training Executive in well Facilities—Live modern, will miss he because not work should such as Helahousing equipped will be boys other fun of the some WORKSHOP and (pictured above), Halls man the have parents Such enjoying.

in classes Halls. Attend Heritage Education Business can job "work."on slant A wrong buildings. air conditioned Materials Teaching a wageearning In fact, too. fun, be

Dance of Modern chance a has Full much better of boy program Activities—

Print Making melody with the in rhythm getting recreation athletics and and Painting dances,

Reading a pampered living than in of special feature happy with a ready

Guidance allowance, car, an has a to of scenic playboy who the top hike July in Education the

Radio News and TV card. credit his dad's Mt. and Timpanogos.

Publications School High of is attitude in the test real The -Press Photography "to most himself. now boy, MAIL CLIP the Up AND

Library a getting resisted will have boys School of To: Director Summer Music

suffered some family Provo, Utah University, the unless job Brigham Young kind of economic crisis. During 16, Please send me free of charge your Summer School

however, Mother Nature usually catalog.

it's about that to FIRST TERM: Junior whispers Name

life"bein started and time he "got gan earning part of his own living. June 15July 17 Address -

desire to do this, a expresses If Junior I am especially interested in the following courses:

it is becoming that a SECOND TERM: he is a signal

July 20August 21

MARCH 1959 193 man, and it should be as welcome to working and finally joined the armed he was 16 he had become famous as parents as tulips in spring. services to help protect Virginia the secret author of the "Dogood"

If parents have a question in their against the Indians. By the time he letters in a local newspaper. He was

minds about the merit of encouragwas 20 he had been made an adju- a full fledged publisher at 17 and ing Junior's work sense, they should tant, by 21 a major, by 22 a lieutenant had a flourishing business of his own recall the lives of men like Washcolonel, and when he was 23 they in Philadelphia by the time he was ington, Franklin, or Edison. made him the commander in chief 22.

George Washington's father died of the entire Virginia Militia. Our last success story belongs to

when George was 11. He had only Then consider Benjamin FrankThomas A. Edison. He set up his

3 years of schooling, and he had to lin. He was a tallow maker's fiffirst chemistry laboratory in the

get out and work. By the time he teenth child. By the time he was basement of the family home when

was 14 he had become a good "rule12, people in Boston were reading he was 11. The next year he obof-thumb"surveyor. He continued his published poetry. By the time tained a job as a newsboy on the

Grand Trunk Railway and set up the world's first mobile chemical laboratory in the baggage car. He

also got permission to buy vegetables in the country, store them in the baggage car, and sell them at premium prices when the train passed through a city. This got to GET SLIM be such a thriving business the vegetables practically monopolized the

baggage car, and Tom had half a dozen boys working for him in sevSTAY SLIM eral of the towns. Describing how

he started, he said: "At the stations

insist on STAUFFER along the line I bought butter from the farms and was quite a dealer in

THE ONLY HOME PLAN BACKED blackberries during the season. My

purchases were made at a low BY 20 YEARS OF REDUCING SUCCESS wholesale price, and I gave the wives

Stauffer The principle has helped & of the trainmen and engineers the more benefit of a discount. parThis may than their 5 figures. remake million women tially explain ever why no complaint

& It's a complete figurebeautifying plan of came from the railroad."

effortless exercise and calorie reduction. When he was 14, Edison decided $ Stauffer's "Magic Couch"—the Postureit would be cheaper if he sold a

Rest controlled rhythmic paper he printed himself so he set unit—provides

motion. up a small print shop in the baggage

& Helps take off excess weight, remove uncar and brought forth the Weekly wanted inches. Herald. The circulation went up to

V No starvation diets. No strenuous exer400 copies a month which he decise. scribed to his customers as "the largest circulation of any newspaper in

the world printed on a train"—his

Get complete details today.. being the only one!

After that Edison became interWrite or Call... ested in telegraphy but was fired

* from his first job for inventing an

Idaho Utah automatic device which would send

STAUFFER HOME PLAN STAUFFER HOME PLAN a certain "checkin"signal while he 111 North Higbee 520 East 4th South was asleep. By the time he was 22

JA 2-1014 DA 8-0531 he had made his first great invenIdaho Falls, Idaho Salt Lake City, Utah tion—the Universal Printer—an automatic telegraph printer that brought I would like more information about the Stauffer Home Plan without obligation.

him a fortune of $40,000. By the

time he was 24 Edison was world

Name Phone famous.

So much for success stories. What Address

if the mothers of Washington, FrankCity State lin, or Edison had said: "My boy, I

don't want you to work; you might

AN OUTSTANDING CAREER OPPORTUNITY IS AVAILABLE FOR LDS WOMEN IN UTAH miss some fun!"

AND IDAHO CONTACT YOUR STATE OFFICE

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bear Valley (Continued) ahead of the patrol to look for any sign of bears. On

the second plateau he spotted a pair of big black bears feeding on berries about two hundred yards above the trail. He motioned the

patrol forward. "Okay, it looks as

if we're in the bear scaring business,"he said. "Start hollering."At the

sound of ten Scouts screeching and yelling at the top of their lungs, the two bears vanished into the woods like two black balls rolling into a dark tunnel.

In the next three miles they passed two more bears and both scooted at the sound of the hollering Scouts.

By two that afternoon the patrol had traveled seven of the ten miles.

"Let's stop for a minute,"Lace said as they approached the mouth Only Wicks custom builds your pipe organ of the canyon leading to the park.

"Up to now we haven't had any From start to finish, from raw material to final testing, every Wicks Pipe trouble,"he said slowly, "but we Organ is custom built to match your exact church needs. And only Wicks

may meet more bears in the next custom builds pipe organs to provide complete quality control and tonal four or five miles than we have met perfection. Whether you're remodeling or building new, a beautiful Wicks

all day, so stick together and do as organ belongs m your church. And, whatever your budget, there's a Wicks

I tell you. If I say 'stop,'stop; and if available in almost every price range.

I say run,'run, and don't stop until Only Wicks offers a 10year guarantee... twice as long as other leading

you make the ranch."organ manufacturers... assuring you mechanical as well as tonal perfection.

Zack spoke up. "What are you Only a Wicks Organ has Direct Electric Action to keep maintenance at an

worried about?"he said. "These absolute minimum... to permit quiet operation and rapid response to

bears run as soon as we come around touch. Experienced factorytrained representatives are ready to help you

the bend. They don't scare anyplan your particular installation.

body."We'll be happy to show you how a Wicks Pipe Organ can enhance your

"I hope they keep on running,"church. Simply mail coupon. There's no obligation.

Lace answered, "but let's not be too sure about what they are going to—'Wtad goufi&t acUtf... *H* C6ttyUtoH 1

temperaawfully can be do. A bear

main at times. The mental thing is WicksHighland,OrganIllinoisCompany Dept. 100

heads."use your careful and to be

as to himself smiled Lace he ress88! PleaseOrgans to:mail full information on Wicks Pipe peated the warning he had received FIJPE ORGANS

in the code message the day before. The House of Wicks Your NameHe was beginning to sound like Wicks Organ Company Your Church Mr. Lind. Highland, Illinois Street Address

continued down the The patrol up City Zone-.Statewas broken valley. The plateau

into a series of meadows and dense stands of trees. Lace was relieved

when he saw that the berries grew profusely at the edge of the meadows and on the barer sides of the canyon, but not among the trees. Meeting

a bear in the open would be bad enough.

They spooked one more bear as of the mouth approached they INACTIVE the ACTIVE, AND OBSOLETE Lace up to Dave stepped canyon. PATTERNS STERLING

as they stood in the trail looking up From our stock of over 500 patterns, many the canyon. "Think we'll see anyunobtainable elsewhere. We specialize in taking your

more overgrown teddybears?"he old silver in exchange on a purchase of new, current flatware.

asked in a halfjoking, halfserious We are one of the world's largest dealers in inactive and tone.

JULIUS obsoleteGOODMANsterling patterns.AND SON

Memphis Jewelers Since 1862 Dept. I, Memphis 1, Tennessee

MARCH 1959 195 "I don't know,"Lace replied. "It "I hope we were mistaken,"said a minute to decide how to stop her

looks like they're becoming scarcer. Lace, "but don't bet on it."He long enough for the patrol to clear

Maybe the berries thin out as we moved to the front of the column, out. As far as he knew there was

get lower down the valley."and the patrol started out again as only one way to do that.

"I hope so. This place gives me the afternoon shadows began to Pinky Nelson stood just behind

the creeps. Guess we were miscreep from the trees and bushes him. "Pinky,"Lace whispered out of

taken about that being a grizzly like things alive. the side of his mouth, "when I give

track at the lake, though,"he said. The next plateau was small and the word, drop your pack and run

"No grizzly sign since then. Must had a meadow almost in its center. down the trail. Don't stop till you

have been a big black bear."From a high point on the trail Lace get to the ranch. Pass it on."Lace

surveyed the meadow and surroundcould hear the message being whising; brush with his glasses. Since pered from Scout to Scout.

BIOGRAPHY AT ITS BEST they looked free of bears, he signaled Just then the cub behind them the patrol forward. Just as they squealed. The grizzly grew tense

Joseph C. Rich reached the center of the meadow, and faced in its direction. A second

Lace heard something that sounded squeal and she dropped on all fours

VERSATILE like a pig grunting. Not having and started charging down the

N08EE8 seCft,any bears for an hour, the pamountainside.

PIONEER trol had lapsed into silence, and "Run,"Lace shouted at the top on the Mormon Lace picked up the sound clearly. of his voice, and the patrol dropped

Frontier But he couldn't tell where it came their packs and took off down the from. He was just about to regard trail like hundredyard men.

$3.75 postpaid the sound as his imagination, when As he shouted, Lace ran up the

or at your it came again, more distinctly this hill yelling for all he was worth. He

bookstore time. had his pack in his hand, and he

it "Stop!"shouted, at ran. he as his whirled and bear he The vital for books Two every famvoice the patrol froze. whole rose to stopped feet her hind and Lace

J. Ezra Poulsen, ily by

fitting his field well was glasses trying to as if his to figure out, things but writer. LDS known to eyes take a look at another around squeal out her from she when cub

INSPIRATIONAL FICTION of the corner of his eye he saw what was on her way again. Lace realized

had made the sound—a cowsized now that she would not scare off.

patch of brown which suddenly As the bear drew closer, he could. Slowly the head of a see her small, fiery pig eyes and BIRTHRIGHT came to life.

bear rose above the bushes. Lace dripping jaws. When she was al-

A novel with a recognized almost immediately the most upon him, he felt for his sheath message humped back, large size, and silver knife, but it was a hopeless gesture.

sheen to the fur. It was a grizzly. He knew he didn't stand a chance

$2.75 postpaid Lace waited for the bear to run, against the bear with a sixinch

or at your hoping that the human smell might blade. If he started jabbing into the

bookstore spook it, but the bear continued to five inches of fur, fat, and muscle get bigger and bigger as it rose to that formed her armor plate, it its full height from behind the would only make her madder. He

Granite Publishing Co. bushes. had only one chance—to play posThen there was another movesum. As the bear reached him, she

587 First Ave. ment. A small cub ran up the hill halted and towered up on her hind

Salt Lake City 3, Utah behind its mother and stopped. legs.

When Lace saw the cub, he caught Lace held his pack to the back of a sigh of relief. "At least we're not his neck and head for protection and

in the face down deep mon/uoe pered.between Justher thenand herhe heardcub,"hea movewhis- meadowdropped grass. The bear was.FOLDING ment behind him. Glancing back him in seconds. He could smell heron

BANQUET in the direction from which the breath as she reached to grab him

TABLES andsoundhecame,knewhethesawpatrolanotherwascub,in withteeth herclosedpowerfularound jaws.his shoulder,As her

trouble. the minute The clenched his jaws, old sow Lace determined PricesDirect out & figured that not to they were between make a sound. powerful The toDiscounts

Schools, Churches, her and her cub she would be in bear picked him up like a dog

Clubs, Lodges, high gear. There wasn't a chance grabbing his favorite bone. Just as

and all Institutions that they could all get out of her he felt himself clearing the ground, way. And once she was in their Lace heard the cub squeal again.

midst she could slap them over like Then he lost consciousness.

pins. ten blood drained The from TRUCKS MONROE

storing and at face Lace's the of thought rolled what Lace over Forthe on his back. Chairstruck His Each wayTables easy,either modernFoldingtables handles chairs. Construccould happen. of Truck felt storage permits shoulder as No TSCor holdStorage Tronsporf if someone was tionin limited space Truck No. TS bear ing uneasy The electric made a hot moveiron his on it, and sizes 54 Catalog for Discounts showing Write and and

types of Folding MONROE Tables, and Trucks. Also ments, and Lace knew he had only arm was numb. He was surprised to

line Chairs. popular of Folding

TH'E ''TfloiUoe* COMPANY 249 CHURCH STREET, COLFAX, IOWA 196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be alive. What had saved him?

Maybe the cub's squeal. The old

bear had evidently left him when No More Nonsense she heard her cub.

He struggled to a sitting position and looked around in the half twiAbout Weight Control!

light, but he couldn't see the bear anywhere. He knew he had to get

out of there. She might come back

after she got her cubs to safety; he

didn't want to be around to shake hands with her when she returned. Don Lyman

Holding his injured right arm in his You can streamline your waistline and improve your health in a left hand and pressing it close to sensible safe way with Sure Meal.

his side for protection, he staggered to his feet and, half stumbling, There's no counting calories when you use Sure Meal—you get

moved toward the trail. He fell just what the body needs nutritionally—

down twice before he reached it, Protein—67%—20 grams each meal

but each time he managed to fall Less than 1% fats on his uninjured side. He was dizzy Carefully selected carbohydrates

from loss of blood, but he knew he All the vitamins and minerals normally needed had to get into the woods and away from the bear. His shoulder felt Only 241 calories in each meal when mixed with whole milk to

like a giant, aching tooth, but still make a delicious milk shake like drink.

he kept going. Finally after an No Drugs—No hunger pangs—as your body is completely nourished

hour of stumbling and struggling, with the low calorie—concentrated pure food Sure Meal.

faint from the loss of blood, he sank to his knees and fell at the side of As we understand the reasons for overweight, we also are learning it. The same factors that make us fat can make usthe trail. how to control

Mr. Lind was the first to reach thin. If you will cut 100 calories or 250 calories or more every day

Lace, his left hand still clutching from your usual intake you'll either slow down on your gaining weight or you'll begin to lose weight.the injured arm. Mr. Lind's voice

penetrated into his consciousness. Most people should be able to manage their weight simply by

"He's alive, but look at that shoulmaking small adjustments in their usual eating habits. The imder!"Lace felt his torn shirt being portant thing is to establish a balanced, nutritionally sound diet

cut away. "It's not as bad as I with plenty of proteins, minerals and vitamins.

thought at first,"the voice said. "His

shoulder's chewed up some, and Sure Meal used once or he's lost a lot of blood, but there are twice a day is a most no broken bones."

As soon as Lace's wound had been pleasant and easy way disinfected and bandaged, Dave and to cut your calorie intake

Mr. up, with Lind boosted him Mr. and at the same time

startedDonavan, slowly and they down the trail. provide your body with

Lace regained full consciousness what it needs nutritionjust as they were laying him on amattress in Mr. Donavan's pickup M E * L ally. Send for some for

truck. "You said be careful and use your family today.

your head in your code message yesterday. I guess I didn't do either

very well, Mr. Lind."Phone EM 3-9674 Don Lyman & Associates Free

"You did fine, Lace,"the scoutFree Delivery 472 South 10th East Mail master said, and Lace knew he Salt Lake City Salt Lake City, Utah Delivery meant it. "You handled it the only Please send

way it could have been handled. It

took a lot of courage to take that 40 Meal Size $9.00 fj 20 Meal Size $4.75

] Chocolatebear on alone and give the fellows Q Vanilla toa chance get away."Send check or money order to save COD crept A smile over Lace's face. charges.

"I didn't take her on,"he said. "I I'm interested in raising funds for

played possum. You never want to

wrestle out of your weight class, ] My Church Group you know.") Myself or Family

Then Lace slipped back into unName -consciousness.

Street Address

City State

MARCH 1959 197 Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

is Mush for us

Breakfast was not breakfast in our grandparents'day if a big bowl of steaming hot mush was not set before each member of the family every morning. This

was, and is, a wonderful way to start the day. Today,

mush is inclined to be called cereal and is served cold as a breakfast dish far more often than hot.

Cereals are seeds of the grass family. From the

beginning of time they have been the chief reliance of all people for their food supply. They are easily

cultivated, stored, and made palatable. Did you know

that rice has the largest consumption of any of the grains? Wheat is next. The extent of the milling

process determines the nutrient value. Be sure the

bowl of cereal you expose your family to is really nutritious. What about vitamins, minerals, and protein? Cereals cooked in the home are usually much

less costly than the readyto-serve cereals. Do not

forget to serve often a big bowl of steaming hot whole wheat from your storage can, with cream and sugar. Today's market is advertising a new high protein cereal almost every week. Check into its contents

carefully to be sure you are getting value for your money.

Yes, mush is for us. Try serving such nutritious

cereal every way your imagination can wander. Let's

list a few ways to serve cereal: as breakfast foods,

flours, extenders for meats, garnishes, accompaniment to meats, additions to cookies and candies.

Let me give you two wonderful recipes containing cereal: one for date bread and one for rolls.

Date Bread

VA cups boiling water IY2 cups flour

P/2 cups chopped nuts 1 teaspoon baking

IVz cups allbran powder 1 egg slightly beaten 1 teaspoon soda 2 tablespoons melted 1 teaspoon salt shortening 6'tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup chopped nuts

Pour boiling water over chopped dates and cool.

Add allbran, egg, shortening, sugar, and flavoring. Sift

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA flour, baking powder, soda, salt; add

nuts. Add to first mixture and stir

only until smooth. Bake in wellgreased loaf pan at 350 for 50 to

60 minutes.

Brownie Rolls

1 cup shortening 1 cup boiling water l x/2 teaspoons salt 1 cup allbran % cup sugar HOW THEY DO TALK! What? You haven't said a word? But, others have. And,

their comments about our Rancho Soups have been real nice. Our cream soups

appear to be "creamier;"our chicken soups more "chickeny;"our seasoning "dePour boiling water over ingredilightful."Why not try one of our Rancho Soups tonight? Get in the talktalk.

ents an'd stir until dissolved. Cool to

lukewarm. Combine with:

2 eggs beaten2 yeast cakes dissolved in 1 cup For the Missionary.

warm water 6 cups flour Knead well, adding more flour if Dprogramsistinctiveto makechoicetheof necessary. Cover and let rise 2 hours. farewell complete. The

Place in refrigerator overnight. Mold missionary's photograph

into rolls and let rise 2 to 3 hours. included in folded

Bake at 400 for about 15 minutes. program.

Cereal can be used to make other $18.00 for 500

foods go farther; for instance, try and 85c per 100

adding corn flakes or rolled oats to for more or less than 500 meat loaf. plus postage

Special Meat Loaf The West's Finest

Printers and Binders IV2 pounds ground beef 1 cup rolled oats ( uncooked 2 beaten eggs Deseret 1 cup milk V\ cup chopped onionIVz teaspoons salt News % teaspoon pepper % teaspoon sage 33 RICHARDS ST. Press EM 4-2581

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

MARCH 1959 199 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 1 teaspoon prepared mustard

Combine all ingredients thoroughly and pack firmly into a loaf tin. To

make it extra special cover with this sauce: Combine 3 tablespoons brown

sugar, y* cup catsup, Vi teaspoon nutmeg, and 1 teaspoon dry mustard. Bake at 375 for about one

hour.

Individual Ham Loaves 1 pound uncooked ham ground fine

Has over 1000 cooking awards in her collection % pound lean pork

MORGAN MOTHER WINS COOKING AWARDS Vz1 cupcup milkcrushed corn flakes

With the help of daughter Linda,—so good and so easy! You just add 1 egg, beaten

Mrs. Archie Smith shows off the yeast to biscuit mix for perfect 2 tablespoons brown sugar

ribbons she won in cooking contests Italian pizza crust. And mmm... xk teaspoon ground. cloves

last year. Mrs. Smith took a total of that tangy tuna filling! You'll find y-i cup crushed corn flakes mixed

34 at the Utah State and Morgan Fleischmann's Dry Yeast is so fast with V4 pound lean pork

County Fairs. and handy, keeps for months on

in cereal stand crushed 1 cup Let shelf. Get Fleischmann'sActive of seven, mother Mrs. your A busy soft. beaten egg until and Add Yeast—the Dry "Tuna Pizza"recipe milk likes thingsSmith to do the handy seasoning meat. ground and Form the package! is on usesway, always and Fleischmann's

Active Dry Yeast. "This dry yeast into five individual loaves. Roll each

is the handiest ever,"she says. into the additional buttered corn

"Rises fast every time."Another flakes. Bake at 325 for 45 minutes.

Fine Product Serve hot or cold.

there's a And now new Lenten of Standard also grains a part Prepared play

Brandsdish with Fleischmann's made

If Inc. in cookie or making. candy you It's Yeast.Active Dry Pizza""Tuna

feel extra daring and would like to come up with a new cookie to serve the sewing club, try:

Date Dreams

% cup sugar 1 cup dates 2 eggs Cook together stirring constantly until mixture leaves the side of the pan. Cool. 4/ Add: 1 cup rice krispies... So good for babies 1 cup chopped nuts )) The FINEST

BRIDAL GOWNS 1 cup corn flakes

FORMALS...that Special

DRESSES Butter hands and roll dough into

LINGERIE Morning Milk coconut.1 inch balls. Toss cookie balls into

Too much candy can become a So easy to digest, Special Morning habit with children. To satisfy their ridal Milk is the only evaporated milk sweet tooth with cereal have a large

especially developed for babies... bowl of crunchies and tall glasses of

cold milk ready for them as they the only evaporated milk with excome in from school. These crunchin tra Vitamins A and D added ies also good accompaniment make a 38 South Main Salt Lake City

as snack. to to hot believe best doctors the postum amount a TV

sound help promote bones and Crunchies resistance Your Bookdealer has... teeth to and build

Gospel Ideals disease. Vz1 boxmediumcheeriobox oatspost toasties

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Now in its third edition $4.00 Ask your doctor about Special

Morning Milk for your baby!

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2 cups coconut 2 cups peanuts keeps you on

Mix together in a large pan. the ballSyrup

2V2 cups dark Karo syrup 2V2 cups sugar Vz cup molasses 1 cup canned milk

Cook to soft ball stage. Pour over

cereal mixture. stand Let for 10 '9.f r balls. intominutes, then shape %0Lr!IfXyXv-v 1 -:-:-:-:-::; Rice makes a perfect accompani- I-:,:-:IBrm

ment to fried chicken. Try this

recipe for:

One, One, Rice like SevenUp!

2 tablespoons cooking oil 1 cup brown rice 1 teaspoon salt 1 can consomme1 cup water IN THREE SIZES NOW

Pour oil into large frying pan, tipping pan to cover entire surface.

Add the brown rice and place over REGULAR KING SIZE FAMILY low heat, stirring from time to time until rice is a golden brown. This 7 0Z. 12 oz. 28 OZ.

should take about 15 minutes. Add

boiling water and consomme and salt, turn heat high and bring to boil for 1 minute; turn heat low and cook ASK TO SEE THESE TWO OUTSTANDING

covered 15 minutes.

You see, mush is really for us—

on every occasion! 02227X - A deluxe OXFORD Bible

for only $"|()75 MELODY FOR MARCH Marrakesh Persian Morocco, flexible binding, half circuit, leather lined to by Marie Daerr edge. Concordance, Bible Study

Helps. 5 x 7 ]/8, only %"thick.

How well I know here is a miss In RED or BLACK.

Who shows no rhyme or reason, Who tries to be in four short weeksWhat ought to be a season. o o1jD

She warms me with the smile SCOFIELD of May; contrary, quiteThen, being 727x - A New in swirlsEnvelops me of sleet Xp.J9o9 -/9S9 A

That are pure February. superbly styled

She lures me to the yard to see ScofieldBible$1995

The buds the bulbs are showing; Beautifully bound in Marrakesh

flexible Persian binding, Morocco, I suddenly,Then, aware am circuit, half leather lined edge. to

it's snowing. againThat once Scofield Complete notes and

Concordance. 5 lA x 81/8, only %"'

And yet I can't condemn this miss thick. In RED (gold edges) or BLACK

Who does just as she pleases... (red under gold edges).

If she'll just give me daffodils,

I can forgive the sneezes!

From OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc.

See these at your local bookstore

MARCH 1959 201 rise again covered with cloth in warm place until doubled in bulk.

Bake at 400 F. for 10 minutes and

continue baking at 350 F. for about

40 more minutes. You can tell when

the bread is done if it shrinks from the pan and sounds hollow when tapped with a finger. For a soft

crust, brush tops of loaves with butter after removing from oven.

To make really good bread use finest ingredients and don't try to

It's the balance of ingredients hurry the process along. Let it rise

in baking powder that governs in a warm room. Kneading the bread

its leavening action. Only when can be fun. Don't stop until your

these are scientifically balanced 9 hands are entirely free from the sure of uniform be can you acdough, and the dough is satin smooth tion mixing plus that in the bowl final rise to light and fluffy texBride s with air bubbles just under the surture in the oven... That's the face. This bread may be baked in

of story Clabber Girl's balanced bisdifferent ways. Bread

action..*-?..,,.,r-. many double

in the center delicious—soft cuits are

Guaranteed by Corner and crisp on the outside. Break off Housekeeping Good

ttXKBCBj rounds of dough as big as an egg, form into a ball, place in wellbut-

EXCLUSIVELY light. or hours, the least until very to bread two bake when Why learn 4H* CLABBER GIRL tered muffin tins, and let rise at

known is of sprinkling destore so a adding handy? as the grocery Good Try

Baking Powder baker's bread is usually available, hydrated onion soup to each biscuit will the really forming, earn have and you never will you with the but when, T*'DOUBLE ACTING BALANCED if delicious served onion rolls. of So good cook being reputation a good

MmilGI>0*?g double action the knowledge of bread and roll with spaghetti or salads!

making has passed you by? I know

one mother who claims she bakes bread because of its wonderful bakBasic Light Roll ing aroma. She says the children

"For loved God so that the world, He smell it even before they enter the ( Makes 2 dozen large rolls gave His only begothouse. Bread baking does smell

ten Son, that whosolike home. Memories are made this Mix and let stand twenty minutes,

ever believeth full yeast cakes, xk stomachs. nice Let two cup warm water, in Him way—also

perish, not should sugar. 1 tablespoon basic a wonderful and you me give everlasting but have

bread and a basic roll recipe. 1 cup scalded milk

John 3.16 % cup shortening

Mothers Bread 2 teaspoons salt

This and other be- % cup sugar loved portions of 4 tablespoons sugar 2 eggs well beaten

Holy Writ appear in 4 tablespoons melted shortening 4 rounding cups flour the sixth edition of the 4 teaspoons salt

1 cup powdered milk milk. Cool and add eggs, salt, and 0ux pea BiBre 4 cups warm water Add shortening and sugar to hot

Magnificent condensed version of the 11 cups flour yeast mixture. Add the unsifted

King James Old and New Testaments 1 yeast cake or 1 package of granuflour. Beat well and cover. Let rise

lar yeast dissolved in Vi cup to double in bulk. Roll out, knead

lukewarm water. lightly, divide in two parts of 12 x 6

lASttR inches. Spread lightly with softened IDEMCombine all dry ingredients in a butter, roll up like jelly roll, cut in

ALTERED NOT WORD ONE slices, in Stir in or large the 12 oneinch pan. place and bowl warm

". FITS IN POCKET, COAT 4%"x6y4 tins. in yeast. dissolved buttered muffin the Let double water and Knead

PERFECT GIFT TRAVELER'S HANDBAG.

) 425. if at again. flour a floured bulk ( adding These Bake on needed

BEAUTIFUL, DURABLE, BLACK LEATHERsurface for about 10 minutes. Place rolls can be cut into any shape you ETTE COVER, GOLD LETTERING

in a greased pan and cover. Let rise wish; Parker House, cloverleaf, bow

LARGE, EASILY READ PRINT in a warm place (82) until double knots, etc.

OF TOP OF NAME BOOK EACH PAGE. in bulk. Knead again for about 2 Surprise hubby tomorrow with a

VERSE, EVERY CHAPTER NUMBERED minutes, put back in pan, and let it batch of delicious bread. This

HANDSOME of into again. 4 loaves will not in bulk Divide 4 recipe be too EDITION Only $"|50 double BIBLE PAPER loaves. rest for parts for it freezes because Let 10 large an amount

AT LEADING BOOK STORES, AND minutes. Form into loaves and let so well.

Crown Publishers, Jnc.

419 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y.

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA made to match your farming Now AllisChalmers has highclearance the lowline, highcrop clearance design tractors, as well as standard models. of all D-Series Tractors.

That clearance comes... in part... from But even more clearance comes with

the extra high wheels AllisChalmers provides. Rear wheels still Power Shift

in minutes from 60 to 100 inches... in

fourinch steps... on the D-14 for example. The Roll Shift adjustable front axle

moves as easily and quickly as ever. For

those who prefer a single front wheel, that, too, is available.

A wide variety of heattreated clamps, shanks, sweeps and shovels lets you match the heavyduty ground rig to your farming conditions. See your AllisChalmers dealer now for the new highHeavy-duty tool bars, up to 136 inches. wide front and clearance D-Series Tractor of your

rear, permit you to work bedded and specially placed choice.crops. Special hydraulic equipment gives you independent control of front and rear cultivator gangs. Cultivate ALUSCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION,

from one to six rows. MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

LISTEN!

National Farm andHome Hour—NBC ALLISCHALMERS <&>—Every Saturday

MARCH 1959 203 Priesthood Employment but when the second and third inviof the stake the plan began ripening

Program tations to report jobs and business into a full harvest.

opportunities were received, they In summary and in our closing knew their efforts were worth while. statement of this privilege to reach

( Continued ) terest was engendered The increased variety of jobs reyou faithful readers we wish to say the officers decided to send invitaported began to match the abilities that you are our missionaries, and tions ( Form 97 ) to the nonattending of those unemployed, and with the to you we "will be indebted to teach quorum members. Yes, they had increased reporting from other quoothers this wonderful practical resome little response on this first letter, rums of the ward and other wards ligion of ours.

><EC TRAVEL TRAVEL TRAVEL... TO><m it out of the best books L. D. S. Jknnouncinf

YOUTH TOUR of EUROPE Richard L. Evans

><a. 30 Days 13 Countries TO><m We have talked of the uses of time, and of these

Inspirational visits to LDS questions often asked: What is there to do? Where

EUROPEAN BRANCHES. I THE is there to go?—and of the unrealistic expectancy of

Educational ><a: Sightseeing. TO>< WORDSPOKEN tained—andcontinual excitement,have mentionedof beingthatcontinuallythere is muchenterto Supervised FUN.

FINE HOTELS - BALANCED being,saidfor forusingthinking,our initiativefor walking,and doingfor working,many thingsfor making,of our forownmendfree

MENUS. will. Today we should like to turn to the rich rewards of reading—><en PHYSICIAN accompanying TO>< not reading merely for the purpose of passing time, but for the

tour. purpose of discovering truth, of discovering what thoughtful men

Conducted by MIA LEADERS. think. Reading enriches life; it enriches conversation; it enriches

Included are carefully selectunderstanding. It perpetuates the past and teaches its lessons to

><an. ed hotels, meals, all travel TO>< the present. Leigh Hunt, perhaps best known for Abou Ben Adhem,

(from Salt Lake), sightseeing, left these moving and meaningful lines: "The world was all forgot,

tips. the struggle o'er, Desperate the joy.—That day they read no more."L

Reservations Are Limited And Strickland Gillilan wrote: "You may have tangible wealth

than I you others >< Apply Early TO><m untold;can neverCasketsbe—I ofhadjewelsa motherand cofferswho readof gold.to me."Richer 2 Many

ROBBINS TOURS INTERNATIONAL among the great have added their witness to the worth of reading,

P. O. Box 1514 Salt Lake indeed to the absolute essentiality of it, if a mind is broadly to

".. lies clearest. the imperative mature: every duty on EL 9-0959 most and Phone

to in ><az. reading. to assiduous your be one of you good Learn be 13AVH1 T3AVH1,"3

.. said of to 13AVai p readers the students Carlyle Thomas Edinburgh

University. "I wish you to see,"wrote John Ruskin, "that both

welldirected moral training and wellchosen reading lead to the... which is in the truest sense, kingly;..."4 4 possession of a power

is Ellery William added: the royal Channing "Reading. And

. to intellectual road eminence... Truly books... are good more.'''business'

to those than mines can are them. understand the who They I'souls of the breathings great is not of past times. Genius embalmed I'I

... lives in them, perpetually."but in them 5 "Great heroic and MEN I

I existed,"have almost added Emerson, other "who had men no

5 I information page."'the printed than array This by of witnesses I b-v, | well all cannot to else be ignored. reading, in our added And I

of is the in its precious word God itself, so to of I ZOOM! preservationearnestly to beandpursued,so essential an understanding the purpose

I...the, of life and of all that God has given. "... seek ye out of the best

learning, books words seeking of wisdom; even by study and also by I

7 insfanf cooking whole | faith."are hours that In the other free from pressing pursuits,

I wheat cereal You've no fdeaf one of the most rewarding endeavors of all is to read: great thoughts,

great literature, present and past, including scripture, including

I how good Your morning "the best books."I

I hot cereal can be! I 1LeighStricklandHunt,Gillilan,The StoryThe ofReadingRimini. Mother.Canto III, Line 607.

3Thomas Carlyle, address at Edinburgh University.

cooks Faster INSTANT COOKING I EWilliam\Tohn Ruskin,ElleryOfChanning,Queens'Gardens.On the Elevation of the Laboring Classes.

I RaIphTD & C Waldo88:118.Emerson, The American Scholar. | than QUICK...

i tastes Better I "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

I Columbia Broadcasting System, January 18, 1959. Copyright 1959. * than GOOD! 2foH

WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL

204 THE IMPROVEMENT -ERA South African Mission Bulawayo was once again opened holders of the Aaronic Priesthood.

for tracting. Although the elders Eightyeight percent of the branches

(Continued) tions were extended found "the overwhelming hospitality were, at this time, under local to the missionaries to visit homes that characterizes the people"of leadership.

and preach the gospel to keep the Rhodesia to be a marked contrast The greatest thrill for the Saints missionaries busy for a whole year of the early days of persecution, in South Africa came with the first without further extensive tracting. there seemed to be also a "general visit of a General Authority to their

Elders Delos Ellsworth and Glen R. condition of indifference toward land. In January 1954, President

Sherwood were two singing cowboy things of the spirit or anything of a David O. McKay blessed South

missionaries who were guests of the religious nature."5 The challenge Africa with his radiant presence. At

Southern Rhodesian government as was accepted in good faith, however, last, South Africans could wish a callers at important government and the work moved slowly forward. Prophet of God "Alles van die beste"

house dances. Northern Rhodesia was opened for (All of the best). President LeRoy

In September 1950, moving norththe preaching of the gospel in May H. Duncan, the mission president at

ward into Southern Rhodesia, eight 1951, by three elders journeying to that time, welcomed President and elders of modern Israel carried the Luanshya to meet the Saints who Sister McKay while the voices of gospel message even farther into had already taken up residence four hundred Saints revealed the

Africa's heart. Under the direction there. The first conference was held deepest feelings of their hearts as

of the First Presidency of the the same year and thirtyone memthey sang, "We Thank Thee, O God,

Church, President Wright arranged bers attended. In July 1958, Presifor a Prophet"—thanks indeed that

for the opening of the first branches dent and Sister Glen G. Fisher, the he had seen fit to grace their faroff

of the Church of Jesus Christ of presiding elder in the South African land with his warm smile and loving

Latterday Saints in Central Africa. Mission, visited the Rhodesias to heart.

President LeGrand P. Backman had organize three new branches at The Saints have since rallied to

organized a branch in the city of Kitwe, N'Dola, and Gwelo. At this President McKay's stress for the

Bulawayo in 1937, but because of time the members of the Church in need of a progressive building prothe lack of missionary strength this South Africa totaled 2,539, with gram. In July 1954, President LeRoy

endeavor lasted only approximately eighteen organized branches (six in H. Duncan dedicated a beautiful

six months. the Rhodesias), 129 holders of the chapel in Springs. Three new

In December 1950, the first Melchizedek Priesthood, and 187 chapels have been dedicated in Durbranch was organized in the beauti- "Ibid., "From the Rhodesias,"May 1951, pp. ban, Port Elizabeth, and Johannesful city of Salisbury and soon after, 7071. burg. When we look at the many

10 YEARS OF The Sentinel way is the modern way to protect your family and loved ones

LEADERSHIP HAS fM *>\K by prearrangement. The Sentinel

Plan provides financial peace of mind

DEVELOPED THIS... during times of bereavement by guaranteeing that funeral expenses and

r withoutexpensesdippingof finalintoillnessothermaysecuritiesbe paid when most needed. For only pennies

a day the entire family (Persons from to 80 years of age) can be included in INSURANCE A, i/V. one policy with just one premium. ffit$r

cases a physical examination In many PROTECTION! required. complete is not informaGet ':f*2>

tion about the Sentinel Plan. Mail

the coupon today!

'/'v NEEDSOIIOWNOT MEAN FINANCIAL TMCEDY SENTINEL 7 2121SECURITYSOUTH STATELIFE INSURANCESALT LAKE CITY, UTAHCO.

I Act today to safeguard the security and wellbeing of your

I family and yourself.

Please send free literature as soon as possible Q -ii I Please have a Sentinel Agent call on me O

I name:.: j ADDRESS | CITY ZONE STATE j For local agent—Mail P. O. Box 511

MARCH 1959 205 DRAINAGE PROBLEMS? stakes of Zion, the six existing

chapels in South Africa don't look

Sumner G. Margetts & Co., Inc. Africalike many,theybutrepresentto the Saintsa culminationin South

of much sacrifice and hard work.

Phone EM 3-3330 Addedfor anotherto thosethreesixarebuildings,under wayplansin

Civil and Consulting Bloemfontein, Krugersdorp, and the

Engineers lovely blossoming, treelined streets of the nation's capital city, Pretoria.

204 Felt Bldg. Salt Lake City In 1955, mission work was beset by the problem of having to comply

with the government's refusal to

THE MORE YOU DRAIN - THE MORE YOU GAIN grant visas to any foreign missionaries of any denomination. Because

of the situation, missionaries could only be drawn from the British Commonwealth, and so Canadian elders Modernize were called to labor. In consewith quence of the sudden turn of events,

more South Africans were called to MODERN BRICK fill many of the gaps left by their

MASONRY American brethren. President Glen

INSULATESWinter and Sum- G. Fisher felt that "the barring of

mer American missionaries had been a

APPLIED OVER ANY SURFACE blessing in disguise as it gave the

WEATHERPROOF - Will Not local young people a sense of reLIVE BETTER Absorb Moisture sponsibility to carry on the work that reotherwise have been FAST COLORS ARE - Absowould.."tarded.. a year's In less than lutely ELECTRICALLY Will Not Fade

time, eleven young people responded with Not a "CUP ON"Brick to a mission call. Government offiFull.not.. penetratebecause oftheBettersurfaceProtection—Washeddirt willoff cials, in a recent letter to the mission

with a spray of the hose—Weatherpresident, once again granted perH0USEP0WER proof—against heat, cold, rain, snow mission for entry of American misand hailproof, too! Will not dent, chip, sionaries. As the beginning of anpeel or scale. other South African summer moved

... if you can afford to paint or stucco on last year (September) the first

can afford economical you MODERN group of American elders reentered BRICK. Electricity Costs So Little the country.

inside It is used as walls for decorative

You Can Afford a Lot purposes—because of its BEAUTY and As the eyes of the world turn toWASHABILITY. ward the problems of Africa, the

- FREE ESTIMATES - people know they are not forgotten

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. by God and his servants. Elder

MODERN BRICK Harold B. Lee, of the Council of

the Twelve, has just toured the mission and dedicated the recently com- i r pleted chapels. The Saints once

Pat. Pending more felt the blessing of the presIN 6-8897

1221 Emerson Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah ence of a General Authority and

realize more than ever, that with the miracle of modern transportation,

Zion isn't, after all, on the other... side of the world, but that, in fact,IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Your bookdealer now has

they themselves are just in the backAids in treatment of Canker, simple yard of Zion.

sore throat and other minor mouth Gospel Ideals No, Africa had not by any means and throat irritations. from discourses of been forgotten. She has received

her full share of God's blessings,

President David 0. McKay material and spiritual. The beauty HALL'S REMEDY of the countryside that is evidence $4.00 Pages City, Utah 584 Salt Lake Southern Africa was not on the back

row when Mother Nature heaped her blessings on the earth. Marvels

Add to your permanent library of Church literature with ofthe natureBhodesias,like thethe VictoriaKruger NationalFalls in 12 issues $2.50

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Get this unusual Park in Natal, and the lovely Garden 10 COMMANDMENTS

Route of the Cape, are a few among BOOKthe many beauties of Africa's south.The outpouring of the Spirit on the MARK if you can

Saints has added beauty to the soulsof those who live in beautiful sur- "COUNT THIS CASH"roundings.

Contributions to the growth of the

South African Mission are so numerous that names of many faithful

Saints would form a tremendous list.

These are those mission presidents who bear special mention, however, in contributing to the upbuilding of the kingdom of God on the Dark

Continent: Jesse Haven, 18531855;

Ebenezer C. Richardson, 18571858;

William Fotheringham, 18611864;

Miner G. Atwood, 18641865; WarYOURS FREE 10 COMMANDMENTS

ren H. Lyon, 19031906; Ralph A.

Badger, 19061908; Henry S. Steed, BOOK MARK in GLEAMING GOLD FINISH

19081909; Brigham A. Hendricks, A distinctive book mark made of ten circlets in gold

19091912; Frank J. Hewlett, 1912finish, each engraved with one of the Commandments.

1914; Nicholas G. Smith, 19141921; Clips to top of back binding. A gift to cherish and use

J. Wylie Sessions, 19211926; Samuel often. Guaranteed value $1—easily worth more.

Martin, 19261929; Don Mack DalJust to prove how easily you can earnton, 19291935; P. BackLeGrand

man, 19351938; Richard E. Folland, $50 CASH and More... in spare time!

19381944; June B. Sharp, 19441948; Count the cash and mail coupon today. We will send

Evan P. Wright, 19481953; Leroy you as a gift a gleaming, gold finish "Ten Command-

H. Duncan, 19531956; and Glen G. ments"book mark. Included with your gift will be

Fisher, presently presiding. Elmira's "Try It"Sales Kit of alloccasion greeting cards

and gift items. Also included: Free sample imprinted

note paper, napkins for ordertaking and catalog showing full line. Turn spare time into money—make up to

THE NEW SONG 100% profit taking orders from friends.

TRY! COSTS NOTHING TO by Silence Buck Bellows

Dept. R17, Mail coupon, or write: Elmira, N. Y. ELMIRA CARD CO.,

I wish I might have sung this song j—LIMITED OFFER—WRITE TODAY—,

for you. j ELMIRA CARD CO. Dept. riz, elmira, n.y.

It has the melody, grace, the tender gift cash. of jn Send my IFREEcounted "Ten also book Send t Commandments"That each simple, gave tune I tender

"TryIt"Sales Kit, greeting cards APPROVAL. ONmark. its place plus I stationery, sample napkins free other items. and

Among your favorites, your cher- I I'm interested in making spare time money.

ished few. I Name

This is the kind of song we always Address.

knew Would call your heart's deep quieCity. Zone.State,

tude to trace Check here for special Group FundRaising PlazAThe pattern of contentment on your face And linger in your voice the evening through.

Is heaven so far beyond the lights WttlZUASl'Ay of home?

Perhaps, if I should sit a little while

And sing this quietly, the waiting room Would seem to brighten with your old, warm smileAnd then my listening heart would TOME STUDY say, hear you one, that dear, to sing again HPPVESY0UR EDUCATION PROBLEMS"Mark someday."Clip nd Mnd lo:

HOME STUDY Adult Education and Extension Services

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

MARCH 1959 207 The Last Word

Professor John Tyndall, the noted English scientist, Woman's Privilege once confessed that the finest inspiration he ever received came from an old manservant. Every "IVS been thinking it over,"said the husband, "and

morning this old man would knock at his master's I've decided to agree with you."

door and say, "Arise, sir; it is near seven o'clock, and "That won't do you any good,"said his wife. "I've

you have great work to do today."changed my mind."

Stubborn Bird

Hertzog was not as good a hunter as he pictured himself in telling accounts of his adventures, but what he lacked in ability he had in confidence. Duck hunting with some friends early one morning he sighted

his game within easy shooting distance. As his double

blast broke the stillness of the morning the bird went squawking away.

"Fly on, you fool bird,"shouted Hertzog. "Fly on

with your stubborn heart shot out!"

The most successful man is the man who holds onto the old just as long as it is good and grabs the new just as soon as it is better. "The worst crop failure I ever saw was back in '88,"

said the oldtimer. "The corn crop was almost nothing

that year. One day Mother cooked some corn for

dinner and Father ate fourteen acres in one sitting."

One should never be ashamed to own he has been wrong, which is but saying in other words, that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.

Penmanship Problem

A businessman, phoning an associate at home, was answered by a child. "Tell him Mr. Brown called,"he

said. p,< "Wait till I get a pencil and paper,"the child replied.

Then, "How do you spell Brown?"

"B-R-O,"the man began. Then there was a labored

silence. Finally the difficulty was explained.

"How,"asked the child, "do you spell 'B'?"

An employer, interviewing an applicant, remarked, Sunday School Teacher: "Who can tell me about

"You. ask high wages for,a man with no experience."Ruth?"

"Well,"the prospect replied, "it's so much harder Johnny: "I can, teacher. He made sixty home runs

work when you don't know anything about it."in one season."

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA superior performance of Phillips 66Ihe

FliteFuel comes in large part from components

which Phillips first developed for use in

high performance aviation gasoline. FliteFuel is

remarkable for its ease of starting, its cleanburning

qualities, and its thrifty mileage. If you want

the best performance of which your car is capable,

fill up with FliteFuel at any Phillips 66 Station.

imueS HOW TO MAKE YOUR LIFE INSURANCE MORE BENEFICIAL

in one basket? Shall we put all our eggs

When it comes to Easter eggs, we'll have to the coupon below, or, better yet, give your call. No obligation, of course. let the boys decide. But when it comes to life Beneficial man a

insurance, we have the answer: We're talking, No matter what the boys decide about their

of course, about the very latest model in life eggs, they can be sure that Dad has taken care of insurance "baskets"—with all the newest and their futures if he decided on that new Beneficial

best features. It's Beneficial's new "Benefactor"Benefactor plan... making it possible to bring

plan: insurance for every member of the family, all members of the family under insurance pro-

(even those yet to arrive) in a single, lowcost tection—at one low "family package"cost. It

package that will fit neatly into even the tightest ties in well with any insurance you now have or budgets. Like to know more about it? Just mail may acquire in the future.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah BENEFICIAL LIFE

Please send information about:

,. Family Package Plan fndamnce

NameVirgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street.

City.....Zone State.

E29