IUCHAHIJ I'ETEUS

WD ( iifflllill IMPROVEMENT ERA

Vol. XVII JANUARY, 1914 No. 3

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL

MPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Home Visitors Excursions BACK EAST To Denver, Omaha. Chicago, St.

Louis, Minneapolis, and other points will he made via the

BEFORE THE SMOKE For THANKSGIVING and CLEARS AWAY

On your fireBtricken shop, factory, CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS office or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long PLAN NOW to take a trip back

unnecessary delays in adjusting, no home to visit the folks you left behaggling over terms; but prompt payhind, and after October 1st consult

ment of losses every time. It's to our any Oregon Short Line agent or write

D. E BURLEY Gen. Pms. Agt.again—weInterest to canget youinsureset youup inagain.business

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Heber J. Grant &!

2028 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah Go.S

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Ko.nns and Morgus

OPFICE OPEN PAY AND NIGHT

31, 33 and 35 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

The Sale Dates The Limits November 22 and 24 January 31, 1914

December 20 and 22 February 28, 1914

December 29 March 7. 1914

Via Steamer $43.25 via Portland $68. 50

THE PACIFIC LIMITED FOR SERVICE

LEAVES SALT LAKE 8:45 A. M. DAILY

Tickets and Information at CITY TICKET OFFICE, 10 EAST THIRD SOUTH ST.

ASK ABOUT OUR POPULAR MIDWINTER EXCURSION

SERMONETS

fail in the drill, you "School is a drill for the battle of life—if you

fail in the battle."Dr. Karl G. Maeser.

"I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not

bound to succeed, but I"am bound to live up to the light I have. I

must stand with anybody who stands right, stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong."Abraham Lincoln.

One bishop said, "This ward seems to be dying. Why don't you

wake up and do something?"His ward was dead, and only awaited

the spiritual undertakers.

Another bishop said, "I can never be too grateful for what you have done for me! You have done so much to make the ward alive!"

His ward was alive', and wouldn't need the services of the sexton, at least during his lifetime.

It all depends on your attitude. There is everything in suggestion, even to grownups.

Joseph of old conserved the crops of the years of plenty and thus mitigated famine and suffering; in our day, science has enabled

man to conserve the waters of the Nile, to the same end. It is reported that the Nile flood of 1913 was the lowest since the flood

records have been kept. A few years ago that would have meant

famine and pestilence, but thanks to the great Assouandam and the new irrigation system, the crops are not materially reduced. In

Lower Egypt they are actually above the average. That is a great

triumph for modern engineering, and for the British administration of Egyptian affairs.

If a man smile, and wave his hand at you as you walk down the street in the morning, you wave your hand back and smile in return uncounsciously, and often one little experience like this will key for you the day joyously.

Courtesy, kindness, goodwill, generosity, liberality, are all catching.

Nothing is so contagious as a smile. Try it on the first man

you see. No matter how grouchy he is, you can melt him. You

really don't have to say anything or do anything. Just hold the

attitude of goodwill, and when you meet him smile, and you will see his face relaxes in turn.

Cast thy bread upon the waters and it shall return after many days buttered, and sometimes with jam on it.

All that we have in the world is what we give out, and the more good we give out, the more good we have. Elbert Hubbard.

LN LOYEOOWN fALACL j fpggg LGYI FAS5E.S AT ITS WILL O'ER PURTLL SEAS.Ij iEfttfS5- 'e

ANIS LOOKS ON VOMERS Of THE, TOETS TOLk, BY ARTS BRIGHT LANkS y VJiEFLF ROI1ANCE IS OLD, ITS SILK SAILED GALIE1Y fl.OAT.5 AT nARDltVAYSJ';

LOVL UANQER5 AT ITS WILL,'WI} FRAGRAnTtRLK,

WHERE. MAGIC GARTHS

HAGTIC STRUCTURES LIOLb, FAIR WALK) OF JQSPEfC KGDFCb WITH. CHIMING GOLD,

10YL FAS5LS AT ITS UILl O'lR TURTLE SEAS

VI1* LOVL TIDES Of 3EA AND 5EAS Of TII1L

SAIL UNDER OllVF SLOPED, A BY VINE.CLAD IF)ND5 )

WITHOUT LOVES CHART j fAMD TOUCt1 fORT5 UNMOWN || ', IxC i'lRVEEfAlMES CORAL DLLS UHERI GREAT SHEU?

uriEf\r toulrs ENcnANTEb r HI STRAND!). rfj LQDK 9 R P/2nY

AND RESTSUIThDJ TttE PALftCE OFJlfi HUD

Jf—AimiD iaHtouP

i "ll'l """.[iv f &k |C"'r TV

If., 1 1|, Hfl'.'l'.rir

:iniin.. [.':.:-utvm

,ir H flHM!!!!

U|i<li;r

J* r

Improvement Era

Vol XVII JANUARY, 1914 No. 3.

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the

Book of Mormon

BY THOMAS W. BROOKBANK, ASSOCIATE EDITOR OF THE MILLENNIAL

STAR

In volume XII, of this publication, beginning with number 2, the writer was privileged to call attention to some peculiarities pertaining to the use of language and forms of expression which occur in the Book of Mormon. Conforming, as they do, to certain specialties of the Hebrew, they afford evidence that that

work was written originally by Jews. As opportunity presented

itself, at a later period, for further investigation, the subject was again taken up, and the results, in part at least, are submitted to the reader. No pretense of exhausting it, however, is

made. Our efforts in this direction may, perhaps, have the

effect of inducing some more competent writer to show us fully to what a great extent the Book of Mormon is idiomatically, Hebraic, and how largely it conforms in all respects to Jewish literary characteristics. Some of the points which shall be considered in the following pages are sustained by copious quotations, or numerous references, or by both; but we trust the

reader will not lose patience on that account. The subject sought

in submitting passages and references freely is to manifest beyond reasonable doubt that these Hebraic expressions and constructions have not been written into the text, in a sort of haphazard manner, by an impostor, whose purpose was to deceive the public and to show, moreover, that they occur in general with a frequency, and a consistency which can be attributed fairly to authors only who used the Hebrew as their native language.

Some of the Hebraisms, on the other hand, can be illustrated by but few examples; but even in this case the enemies of the

Book of Mormon are welcome to all the benefit to their cause

190 IMPROVEMENT ERA

which they are able to derive from that fact; for if only a few

of these Hebraisms and practices can be placed on a satisfactory standing as originating with people to whom they were native and because they could not avoid usingfamiliar,—used apparently

it is not materialthem according to the genius of their language—

that some one may attempt to show that an occasional one might occur in the book by the design of an impostor. If some of

these points rest on a foundation which is not rationally assailable, they all do as a logical consequence. And, moreover, we should

remember that the Bible may be searched from beginning to end without finding more than a few examples which illustrate some certain idioms of the Hebrew; and one peculiar expression, we

risk in saying, occurs in a single instance only. Translated

into understandable English it reads, "when shall it once be?"

but literally, "after when yet?"(Jer. 13:27).

In order that what is now to be said, and what we have heretofore said pertaining to our general subject, may be presented to the reader in one view, brief illustrations of some Hebraisms, considered in Vol. XIII, will be submitted again in connection with

othersof the same, or like nature, as opportune occasion arises.

Coming now to the work more particularly in hand, it is observed, first, that the Hebrew frequently uses nouns in the plural where the English idiom requires the singular form. The

respective idioms thus oppose each other in a marked degree.

Some plurals of this character occur in the Hebrew of the Bible as followr s bloods, Gen. 4:10, and often elsewhere.

sojournings, Gen. 17:8; 28:4; 37:1.

wraths, Job 21:30.

salvations, Ps. 28:8; 53:6. Isa. 33:6.

revenges, Ps. 94:1.

wisdoms, Prov. 1:20.

the goings out of lives, (the issues of life.) Prov. 4:23.

Without citing references, in order to economize space, other

Hebrew plurals belonging to the same class, are subjoined, viz.:

creators, desolations, stammerings, righteousnesses, understandings, deaths, meltings, prosperities, bitternesses, drosses, wastes, choices, etc.

Some of these words occur as English plurals also, but we do not use them in that form where our idiom takes the singular; for

instance, we say, "the people of his choice,"not "the people of his choices,"Dan. 11:15.

Some plurals employed instead of the singular, selected from quite a number that occur in the Book of Mormon, now follow and where it can be done without quoting at length in order to give the sense, a few words from the context where the respective examples are found, will be added in several cases:

HEBREW IDIOMS IN THE BOOK OF MORMON 191

"there shall be bloodsheds."II Nep. 1:12.

"the gifts and callings of God."Moro. 3:4.

"and his great condescensions to * * men."Jac. 4:7.

"because of the destructions of my people."I Nep. 15:5.

"and great slaughters with the sword."I Nep. 12:2.

With references only, we have *envyings, II Nep. 26:21;,*plunderings, Al. 37:21; *priestcrafts, II Nep. 10:5; Rebellions, Al. 61:14; understandings, Mos.

8:20; witchcrafts, III Nep. 21:16; *deceivings, III Nep. 21:19;

magics, Morm. 1:19, and murderings, Al. 50:21. Those marked

thus * occur more than once. This list might easily be lengthened, but the number of examples before us suffice the purpose.

A consistency connected with the use of these plural forms in the

Book of Mormon should be noticed. Learned Hebraists inform

us that plurals instead of the singular are sometimes employed in

Hebrew writings to express an intensive sense of the idea or thing so pluralized. Thus "wisdoms"in Prov. 1:20, should be

taken to mean "excellent wisdom,"or "wisdom exceeding great,"to borrow a term from the Book of Mormon. Observing this

invested, intensive meaning which sometimes pertains to this usage of the plural, we find that the Book of Mormon writers have employed them from the native Jewish standpoint. The context

shows that in a large percentage of examples an intensive, qualifying word should be supplied, as, "fearful bloodshed,""shocking or atrocious murder,""astonishing condescension"of God, "widespread priestcraft,""awful destruction,"etc., etc., and if anything

is yet lacking to confirm the correctness of these statements, the associated history 6f the people to whom these plurals were addressed or applied, does it effectually—sets a broad seal, of consistency upon their use which can not be broken.

Readily suggested by the foregoing remarks is the Hebraic practice, not invariable, of course, of using a term in the singular for one in the plural. Examples of the character illustrate but

one phase of the principles of enallage which was considered more generally than is now necessary, in Vol. XIII; but by way of

contrast with the use of the plural for the singular as just reviewed, a few examples showing the use of the singular where our idiom requires the plural, are herewith supplied "Now these are the commandments which the Lord you God commanded to teach you, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it. That'thou mightest fear the Lord thy God, to keep

all his statutes * % * which I command thee, thou and thy son, and thy son's son, all the days of thy life, and that thy days may be prolonged."(Deut. 6:1,2; see also verses 1619; Ex. 23:9,31; Num.

28:3, 4, etc.)

The following passages from the Book of* Mormon manifest

192 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that in this respect also the principle of enallage was familiar to and used by the Nephitc writers:

"And now, they snid. we know of a surety that the Lord is with thee,

for we know that it is the power of the Lord that has shaken us. And

they fell down before me, and were about to worship me, but I would not suffer them, saying, I am thy brother, yea, even thy younger brother."(I Nep. 17:55.)

Another example

"For the Lord had not hitherto suffered that we should make mucli fire, as we journeyed in the wilderness; for he said, I will make thy food

become sweet, that ye cook it not."(I Nep. 17:12.)

In all these illustrations—Biblical and Book of Mormon—the

unwarranted substitution of the singular for the plural, according to English standards, is very noticeable. No composition in our

language which observes its idioms can ever be characterized by peculiarities (if this nature.

(to be continued)

"How the Lord Saved Israel'

Within a high and olden wall There stands a temple holy;

Erected by brave, willing hands

To Him who loves the lowly;

Where prophets stand, and Saints repair

To worship in the House of pray'r.

Where falls the shadow of its spires 'Mid spruce and elm trees balmy, lily pond There lies a fount—a

Where floats the broad leaf calmy;

While goldfish sport beneath the wave

And searching eyes, sad, gay, or grave.

Up from the center of the fount,

Where flowers sly are peeping At their fair shades within the pool.

Their pulses proudly leaping, There tow'rs a snowwhite monument

In inpm'ry of an incident.

HOW THE LORD SAVED ISRAEL 193

An incident? A miracle!

Oft told in song and story;

And graven deep on loyal hearts

Who witnessed the wing'd glory;

'Tis written, too, on plain and hill

The Lord saved modern Israel.

The granite base, the pedestal,

The round shaft nobly i ising,

Surmounted by a perfect sphere

On which two gulls are poising,

In shining gold from tip to bill,

Declare: The Lord saved Israel.

The metal tablets tell the tale:

Into a desert dreary, There came a few—a gallant few,

All travelstained and weary;

They pitched their camp within the vale

The vanguard 'twas of Israel.

They broke the clod, and sowed their seed

For wintersnows to nurture;

They toiled and praised the Father for

His promise of the future;

Anon with joy the mountains ring,

Their broad, green fields adorn the spring.

How soon their joy is turned to grief,

The crickets come, devouring The tender grain—their hope of life,

The strength of man o'erpow'ring;

But One can save from direst ill,

It is the God of Israel.

Behold! in answer to their pray'rs

His messengers come flying, With rav'nous haste they clear the fields

Beneath the black plague lying.

The stone, in rare artistic skill,

Tells how the Lord saved Israel.

Ruth May Fez.

Dr. Maeser Told A Story

\;\ IDA STEWART PEAY

During the closing years of his life, I heard my beloved teacher, Dr. Karl G. Maeser, relate a touching little incident about

himself, which I shall never forget. It often recurs to my mind

and helps me over the "rough places."

The story concerned that week of blessed memory, in the fall of 1875, which witnessed the founding of the now farfamed

Brigham Young University. President Young had set apart, with

proper solemnity, this retiring yet wholly praiseworthy and intel-

1 Maeser, to introduce and carry toligent foreigner, Dr. Karl G.

successful achievement an entirely new and difficult system of education. The weighty scheme being to promulgate the principles of true religion and maintain a standard of good moral conduct, as well as to give general scholastic training. Paramount to

everything else, faith in a supreme Being was to be inculcated arithmetic wasas the great founder and prophet put it—even

not to be taught without the Spirit of God. To the accomplishment of this splendid triple purpose, Dr. Maeser had set his hand

and heart.

At the end of the first week's work, the young principal, just coming into a realization of the enormity of his undertaking, received a disquieting message from his employer and spiritual leader. It was to the effect that Brother Young would be down

in three days to examine the written plans prepared for the carrying out of this fine project. In telling the story the grand old

man confessed that he had evolved no plans. Moreover, eager,

enthusiastic, determined though he was, he had not been able to think out just how it was all to be done.

It was Friday afternoon when the President's despatch arrived and our dear old master assured us he went to his home with a heavy heart. All night long he sat at his desk trying to think out

the way, endeavoring to get the heavenborn ideas that flitted, spiritlike, through his consciousness, into an intelligible draft of his intended procedure. But his arduous labor was to no

purpose; the dawn crept in to find his task not yet begun. The

following day. Saturday, he spent in pursuit of the elusive plans.

He paced the floor, he hung over his desk, he racked his brains, but the twilight fell and he was not prepared. Saturday night

proved a repetition of the night before, and all through the longSabbath he engaged his mind in the same fruitless attempt. When

A STORY DR. MAESER TOLD. 195

night descended upon that memorable Sunday, he grew heartsick. His superior would be there in the morning. How could

he look into the keen eyes of that great general and own to failure?

Almost overcome with despair, he dropped upon his knees and appealed to his God:

"O Father,"he pleaded, in the sweet humility that characterized him, "show me the way, help me to make the plans for this great work. I cannot do it of myself."

All at once the burden was lifted from his heart, it seemed almost as if a voice said to him, "Brother Maeser, why did you not think to ask before?"He assured us that in direct answer

to his prayer the "plans"came to him. He sprang to his desk

and wrote. In an hour or two his work was ready to present

to his loved chief.

And those who benefited, at least according to their capacity or desire, by those precious plans, know how well they were laid those who have tried to follow know God showed him the way.

In memory I recall the charm and simplicity with which our dear

Brother Maeser told this little story, and I hear once more the yearning in his voice as he begged us to "always ask Father first."

PROVO, UTAH

Elder N. A. Smith writes from Dublin, Ireland: "Dublin, an

almost exclusively Catholic city, is 'very much opposed to the true gospel of Christ preached by the 'Mormons.'In tracting, Catholics politely ignore us and

our tracts, and in street meetings they with other people are warned against us by the prejudicial preaching of the most bitter anti-'Mormons'known,—the Irish Church

Mission. We find that the

attitude of the people toward us makes it very unpleasant fo'r the elders and the Saints, and a hindrance to the work in this city, while in Belfast our numbers are rapidly increasing. However, the few members that

we have here bear strong testimony to the gospel, making it very encouraging to meet with them in service. Elders left to right, top row:

J. A. Empey, Idaho Falls, Idaho; D. H. Stewart, Wellsville; N. A.

Smith, Lewiston; front row, sitting: G. A. Clark, Garland; J. L. Madsen, Honeyville, Utah.

After Death, What?

BY FRANK S. HARRIS. PH. D.. OF THE UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

At one time or another every normal individual thinks seriously about what will become of him after death. The fact

that it is impossible to demonstrate to the natural senses the exact condition of the future state, makes the problem all the more perplexing.

It is probable that no two individuals have exactly the same conception of heaven. The ideas held may be grouped, however,

into a number of large classes.

A person's religion is determined largely by what he believes regarding man's state of being'after he passes from this earth.

Each of the great theologies of mankind has its own teachings concerning heaven. These are exceedingly diverse.

THE MAN WITHOUT FAITH

There is a certain class of individuals who believe in no life whatever after death. They consider the body when it enters

the grave, to be as a broken reed or a crushed piece of pottery which can never be repaired.. It is as a candle snuffed out.

never to be relighted. Life, to them, is one brief span of understanding, followed by an endless darkness which can never more

be penetrated by the light of consciousness. Living, so far as

the individual is concerned, is entirely in vain; for after a brief

period, he must be completely dissolved and lost to the universe of intelligence.

How dismal is the outlook! To live, to have, and hope,

and then to be entirely dismembered and robbed of self! There

can be nothing more foreboding, for if man has one distinct attribute it is the desire for continuity. He wishes to remain himself forever.

NIRVANA AS THE GOAL

There is a great group of mankind following the Buddhist religion who believe in the transmigration of souls and a final state of rest in Nirvana. They believe that a person may appear successively as a horse, a hog, an elephant, a human being, etc., till he has

had all possible experience, when he may finally have his individuality lost in that vague reservoir of intelligence which the\ call Nirvana.

AFTER DEATH, WHAT? 197

This way of thinking has given us all kinds of fanciful stories of enchantment where princes have become swine which they had to remain till released by some magic sign. Those who

follow this religion hold life to be of little value, and they are willing to subject themselves to all manner of personal suffering so they may have a more favorable birth the next time.

Even their state of final rest seems so foreign to what intelligent individuals might wish, that its desirability may be greatly questioned.

THE ABODE OF RESTLESS SPIRITS Many people believe that after the body dies, the spirit leaves it and becomes an intangible wanderer in space, seeking that comfort which it never finds. They do not believe in a

resurrection of the body, or that the spirit has the attributes of the individual whose body it left. These indescribable somethings are supposed to move through space alone or in groups

without purpose, or without a knowledge of earthly ties. They

may at times torment those living in the flesh, and they are supposed to hover near the scenes frequented by their earthly tabernacles. The idea of such a hereafter is so repulsive that one

would rather think of being buried once for all and have the task finished.

SECTARIAN HEAVEN AND HELL Many of the Christian sects believe that all people after death will be placed in two groups, those who are saved and those who are damned. The assignment to one gr the other of

these classes may be due to a mere "turnof-thehand."In one

case a person, on having asserted his belief in the saving grace of Christ at the close of a wicked life, might find rest in heaven, while another person who had never had the opportunity of hearing of the Savior would forever be consigned to the horrors of burning brimstone.

The followers of these ideas often describe heaven to be a place where all will be given wings with which to fly through space as butterflies flitting through the air. One minister, in

commenting on the subject, said he expected to spend the first ten million years flying through space playing a harp and singing praises to God, then after rest he would spend the next ten million years doing the same thing.

Many hold that in heaven we shall not know each other, that there will be no family ties, and no such thing as sex. They believe that those who are fortunate enough to attain this happy

state will devote themselves to contemplating the glory of the throne of God, and singing praises to his name. There is noth198 LMPR0VEMEN1 ERA

ing in this scheme, wherein the experiences gained on earth will he of service.

PROGRESS IN BEAVEN To a Latterday Saint, the ideas of heaven so far described seem undesirable and inconsistent with the fundamental attributes of human nature, lie is taught that the condition after death will be determined entirely by the kind of life led during mortality. "If a person has been righteous he will he righteous

still, and if he has been filthy, he will he filthy still."To him

heaven is a place of orderly progress where a person will retain his individuality and have opportunity of using to advantage all the experience and intelligence he may have been able previously to acquire. It is is believed that we shall know and

1).'known. There will he a continuity of family ties and the continued joys of association. One of the most prominent traits of

human nature is to advance and acquire new intelligence, and it is taught that this trait will be retained throughout all the ages of eternity. In short, heaven will not be a place of quiet

rest, but a condition of active service. Why should man, after

1 n rwing the joys of building and the happiness of learning, be deprived of this opportunity after his three score and ten years on earth? If he is to continue to have a being beyond the grave,

why should he not be permitted to continue learning and doing throughout all the ages of eternity? The universe is full of laws.

There are infinite chances to learn and create, and why should

God not be willing to have his children follow in his footsteps?

In answer to these questions the boy Prophet taught that man was really made in the image of his Father in heaven and that he will have the opportunity of continuing to grow till he can, by faithfulness and diligence, become even as God now is.

I Tow much more glorious is such an outlook than a dissolution at the grave, a blending into Nirvana, wandering as a lost spirit, or even forever singing before pearly gates!

1 AN. UTAH

Who Walks the World with Soul Awake

Who walks the world with soul awake finds beauty everywhere;

Though labor be his portion, though sorrow be Ii is share, lie looks beyond obscuring clouds, sure that the light is there!

\nd if. the ills of mortal life gro*vn heavier to bear.

Doubt come with its perplexities and whisper of despair.

He turns with love to suffering men—and, lo! God, too, is there—The Outlook.

The Glorious Day

Belmont, C. M. William Gardiner, 1812

The glorious day is rolling on—i All glor-y to the Lord

i- J 'l c—i—S LS-#—

When, fair as at cre-a-tion's dawn, The earth will be re - stored.

iFSpF fill

A perfect harvest then will crown What glorious prospects! Can we

The renovated soil. claim

And rich abundance drop around These hopes, and call them ours?

Without corroding toil. Yes, if, through faith in Jesus'name,

We conquer Satan's powers;

For, in its own primeval bloom

Will nature smile again, If we, like Jesus, bear the cross,

And blossoms, fragrant with perLike him despise the shame, fume, And count all earthly things but

Adorn the verdant'plain. dross,

For his most holy name.

The Saints will then, with pure delight, Then, when the powers of darkness

Possess the holy land, rage, And walk with Jesus Christ in With glory in our view.

white, In Jesus'strength let us engage,

And in his presence stand. To press to Zion through.

For Zion will like Fden bloom,

And Jesus come to reign;

The Saints, immortal from the tomb,

With angels meet again.

—Eliza R. Snow.

I U'TAIN GEORGE L. GRAM

Belated Emigrants of 1856

V.Y SOLOMON F. KIMBALL

III

[Albert McCann, Smithfield, Utah, corrects an error in a name which appeared on page 12, of this volume of the Era, in the article, "Related Emigrants of 1856."He writes, "November 18, 1913:

"In the November Era, in the article entitled, 'Belated Emigrants of 1856,'the name of Ellen Cartwell is misspelled. It should be Ellen

Cantwell. If convenient to correct this in the next number I would

appreciate it very much. I was much interested in the article, as my

mother was one of the company, and, unfortunately, the one bitten by the snake."Editors.]

On the morning'of October 22, 1856, fifteen members of the relief party, under the leadership of Captain George D. Grant,

bade farewell to the hand cart folks, at Rocky Ridge, and proceeded on their journey to the east. After four days'hard driving, they arrived at Devil's Gate, sore, stiff, and disappointed.

Here they found Joseph A. Young and Cyrus H. Wheelock, the

expressmen sent on ahead from Green River, to let the emigrants know relief was coming. Brothers Young and Wheelock, having received no word from the belated companies, deemed it wise

to remain there until their companions should arrive, as their food supply was nearly exhausted, and their animals worn out.

Sunday, 26th, was a day of rest in very deed, a good, necessary thing for both men and beasts. After traveling more than

three hundred miles, in a little less than nineteen days, over almost impassable roads, the boys were so completely exhausted that

Captain Grant was compelled to call a halt. The day was spent in

fasting and prayer, and in preparing themselves to receive the mind and will of the Lord in relation to their future movements.

Early the next morning, Captain Grant sent Joseph A. Young

and Abel Garr to locate the Martin, Hodgett and Hunt companies, while the remainder of the party were engaged in repairing wagons, mending harness, doctoring mules, nursing chilblains, and getting ready for the mountain of work that lay before them.

The boys felt no particular uneasiness concerning the Willie company, as it was in good hands and had the South Pass proGROUP OF RESCUERS

Toj>, Kit to right: Cyrus H. Wheelock, Robert T. Burton; mid, Ik-: Heber ". Kimbal

Chauncey C. Webb; bottom: Ira Nebeker, and Wm. Broomhead.

BELATED EMIGRANTS OF 1856 203

visions to draw from until other arrangements could be made;

but they felt alarmed concerning the other companies that had not been heard from since they were passed on the plains by the

Richards'party, more than six weeks before.

What a tremendous responsibility rested upon the shoulders of these young men, and what a picture of discouragement was here presented! Here they were, three hundred and thirteen miles

from home, hemmed in on all sides by the drifting snows of an early winter, with instructions from President Brigham Young not to return until every emigrant on the plains was accounted for. They had already endured hardships greater than the ordinary individual could endure; but it was a matter of small moment compared with the work yet to be accomplished. Many

jo;eph a. youxg and abel garr,

Couriers sent to locate the Martin, Hodgett and Hunt Companies (From a sketch by Mahonri M. Young.)

trying experiences the boys had passed through during the earlyday settlement of Utah, but their burden, on this occasion, seemed greater to them than they could bear.

After waiting several days the faithful expressmen made their appearance with looks that indicated hard service. After

warming their benumbed limbs and eating a lunch, they made in substance the following report

"The first night out our animals wandered into the hills with a herd of buffalo, and it was nearly noon the next day before we were able to overtake them. After several hours'hard riding, we

spied a man's track in the snow, some distance ahead. Urging

our horses on, we soon came to the Martin camp, which was

I ERA204 [MPRl IVEMEN

about two miles from where the road leaves North Platte for the

Sweetwater. A few hundred yards beyond was the Hodgett

wagon train. Neither company had made a move since the 20th

of October, on account of sickness, death and the deep snow.

"We found the Martin company in a deplorable condition, they having lost fiftysix of their number since crossing the North

Platte, nine days before. Their provisions were nearly gone, and

their clothing almost worn out. Most of their bedding had been

left behind, as they were unable to haul it, on account of their weakened condition. We advised them to move on, every day.

just as far as they could, as that was the only possible show they had to escape death.

"The next morning, we rode over to the Hunt camp, twelve miles further on, and found them almost out of provisions, and their cattle dying for want of food. The majority of them had

become so discouraged that they knew not what to do. We explained to them how impossible it was for us to give them substantial aid, as we had but nine loads of provisions left, which

amounted to very little where there were so many to feed. We

urged them to move on towards the Valley, every day, no matter what the sacrifice might be. We gave them to understand that

the authorities at Salt Lake City had no idea that they were so far from home, and had made no arrangements to meet such conditions. The clouds were gathering for another storm, and just

as we were leaving, it commenced to snow quite hard.

"When we overtook the Martin company, we found them strung out for miles. Old men were tugging at loaded carts,

women pulling sick husbands, children struggling through the deep snow, and so it went. They camped that night in a place

where there was neither wood nor shelter, and the weather was bitter cold. Several deaths occurred that night, and others were

dying. When we left this morning, they were at Greasewood

Springs, about thirty miles away, and just getting ready for another start."

As soon as these facts were made known to Captain Grant, he ordered his men to hitch up their teams at once, and go to their relief. The next day, the boys were busily engaged in helping

the struggling emigrants through the deep snow; and by noon,

the third day, the Martin company was safely landed at Devil's

Gate. Two clays later the Hodgett company arrived.

The following notes from Captain Hunt's journal will explain why the wagon trains were not "on the move"from October 19 to 28, when they were so nearly out of provisions and upwards of four hundred miles from home. They give also a brief account

of their journey from North Platte to Devil's Gate

MEMBERS OF THE MARTIN COMPANY Top: Captain Edward Martin, Assistant Captain Daniel Tyler, Thomas Dobsou: center

Samuel S. Jones, Alice Walsh Strong; bottom, John Walsh, Alicia Read

Arnold, and Annie ilicks Free.

206 IMPROVEMENT ERA

isabout eight inches deep, "October 20—The snow,- which

has completely stopped us from traveling.

Platte by doubling teams, "Wednesday, 22—Forded North

and cut down trees for cattle to browse on.

cold, and several cattle died. "Thursday, 23—Weather very

"Friday, trees cut'Jown for cattle to feed on. One 2-1—More

ox died, and others not able to stand.

drifting snow, and ground bare in "Saturday, 25—Wind

places, so that cattle are getting some feed.

thaw, aftil cattle looking better. "Sunday, 26—Slight

"Monday. 27—Snow still meting.

"Tuesday. 28—-Weather very cold.

"Wednesday, A. Young and two other brethren 29—Joseph

arrived from the west. Continued our journey, at 2 p. m., and

traveled three miles. Left one wagon behind.

seven miles. "Thursdav, 30—Traveled

"Friday, in camp all day. 31—Remained

twelve miles and were overtaken "November 1—Traveled

by another storm. Met Cyrus II. Wheelock and William

r>roomhead, sent to learn our condition.

fourteen miles, and cut down willow? "Sunday, 2—Moved on

for cattle to browse on.

eleven miles, and left fifteen cat- "Wednesday, 3—Traveled

tle behind.

miles. Found some grass "Thursday, 4—Traveled twelve

along bank of creek, and brethren scraped snow off, so cattle could get at it.

miles, and reached Devil's "Wednesday, 5—Traveled ten

Gate about 8 p. m. A meeting was called, and the speakers were

George D. Grant, Cyrus H. Wheelock and Robert T. Burton.

Captain Grant informed the emigrants that all baggage would be left at Devil's Gate, except that which was absolutely necessary to take along, and about half of the wagons. All voted to sustain

Captain Grant in carrying out this important movement, and be thankful to get to the Valley with our lives."

During the next twentyfour hours, confusion reigned supreme around Devil's Gate. Cattle bellowing, mules braying, men

shouting, women weeping, and children crying, could be heard in every direction. Wagons, hand carts, horses, cattle, mules, mess

kits, bedding, baggage, and every variety of article one could imagine, were scattered around in one confused mass. Whatever

was done had to be done quickly, as the food supply was nearly exhausted, and there were no signs of help, until word could be sent to the Church authorities who were more than three nun- - Rfc *

nap** MEMRERS OE THE JOHN A. HUNT COMPANY

Left to right: Captain John A. Hunt, Margaret Whitehead Young; bottom: Abel Garr,

Joseph Angell Young.

Captain John A. Hunt was born in Gibson county, Tennessee, May 16. 1830. lie

became acquainted with the great "Mormon"Prophet, Joseph Smith, in 1840. and three

years later joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. In 1850, he came

to Utah, and filled many prominent positions during the remainder of his active and useful life. lie was loved and respected by all who Knew him, and died at his home in

St. Charles, Idaho, January 23, 1913, in which place he presided as bishop for twentyeight years.

Joseph.\ngcll Young and Abel Garr were sent with the relief party, by President

Young, with a good outfit, their special mission being to carry all important messages.

When sent from Devil's Gate to North Platte, to locate the three belated companies,

Joseph A. Young, on arriving at Captain Hunt's camp, again met Margaret Whitehead,

whom he first became acquainted with in England, (daughter of Richard Whitehead and wife, who were among the eai liest members of the Church in England), and whom he married, in February, 1857. She was born in Blackburn, England, January 1, 1838.

She is the mother of Major kichard W. Young, and is now living in t..e Twentieth

ward, Salt Lake City.

Abel Garr was a prominent scout in early days, and had charge of the Church herds on Antelope Island. He later removed to Millville, Cache county, where he

died, and where members of his family now reside.

BELATED EMIGRANTS 011856 209

dred miles away. The boys of the relief party were so crowded

with work that they scarcely knew which way to turn.

On the morning of November 3, Captain Grant sent by couriers the following dispatch to President Brigham Young:

"There is not much use for me to attempt to give a description of these people; for this you will learn from your son, Joseph,

and from Brother Garr, who are the bearers of this message.

You can imagine between five and six hundred men, women and children, worn down by drawing carts through mud and snow, fainting by the wayside, children crying with cold, their limbs stiffened, their feet bleeding, and some of them bare to the frost.

The sight is too much for the stoutest of us, but we go on doing

WAGON TRAIN NEAR INDEPENDENCE ROCK, ON THE SWEETWATER (From a sketch by G. M. Ottinger.)

our duty, not doubting, nor despairing. Our party is too small to

be much of a help. The assistance v/e give is only a drop in the

bucket, as it were, in comparison to what is needed. I believe that

not more than onethird of the Martin company will be able to walk any further. You may think this extravagant, but, nevertheless, it is true. Some of the emigrants have good courage, but a

isoreat many of them are like children, and do not realize what before them.

1 "I have never felt so much interest in any mission that have ever before been called to perform, and all of the boys who ceasing,came with me feel the same. We have prayed without

and the blessings of the Lord have been with us. Brother Charles

ill) LMPR< >VEMENT ERA

F. Decker, who has traveled this road fortynine times, declares

that he never before saw so much snow on the Sweetwater as there is at the present time.

"Brother Hunt's company is two days back on the road, and

Cyrus 1 1. Wheelock and some of the other brethren are with him.

We will try to move towards the Valley every day, even if we have to shovel snow to do it, the Lord being our helper. I have

never before seen such energy and faith among the hoys as is manifested on this trip."

There has been so much said ahout Devil's (late and its surroundings, in connection with the belated emigrants of 1856, that a brief description of this historic old landmark may be of interest

DEVIL'S GATE. 1860

(From an oil painting by George M. Ottinger.)

to the readers of the Improvement Era: The fort at Devil's

Gate was built in 1852, by mountaineers, and used by them as a trading post, until the government, some years later, had them vacate it, on account of Indian troubles. The owners, later on,

received from the war department an indemnity of $8,000 for the loss they sustained. It remained unoccupied from that time until

the belated emigrant companies of 1856 took possession.

The perpendicular walls of Devil's Gate, as shown in the illustration, are about four hundred feet above the river, which

BELATED EMIGRANTS OF 1856 211

has in ages past cut its way through the granite walls, forming a chasm nearly nine hundred feet in length, and one hundred and fifty feet wide. The bed of the river, at this point, is filled with

huge fragments of rocks that have fallen from above.

The mountain scenery along the Sweetwater Valley is picturesque and beautiful beyond description. The valley is from

five to ten miles in width, and bounded on the north and south by mountain peaks, ragged summits, and rocky ridges, varying from twelve hundred to twenty hundred feet in height. Those

on the south are the highest, and are well timbered, while those on the north are bare, with the exception of a few scattering cedars.

The river hugs the hills along the north side of the valley, and its general course is to the east. Its average width is about sixty

feet, and its depth not far from four feet. The main branch of

this serpentine stream heads near the low pass, between the

Wind River and the Green River mountains, and the distance from there to Devil's Gate is about eighty miles. This place,

called South Pass, separates the waters of the Atlantic ocean from those of the Pacific, and the altitude is a little more than seven thousand feet above sea level.

After ten days'hard riding over almost impassable roads,

Joseph A. Young and Abel Garr arrived at Salt Lake City, sore,

stiff and worn out. They immediately delivered to President

Brigham Young their important message, after which they enjoyed a needed rest.

(to be continued)

To Baby

Baby fingers, pink and white;

Also eyes so sweetly bright, And the tresses of your hair Are what men call golden fair;

Little dimpled, smiling face, Promiseful of maiden grace!

But, O baby, why grow old When the world is hard and cold?

Soothe and kiss me in gray hairs,

Be my baby all the years. Aubrey Parker

Voice of the Intangible

I5Y ALBERT R. LYMAN

Chapter XXI—Taking a Header

Soorowits and his venomous gang smothered every sound, or echo, which might betray the direction of their flight. The

wind wiped their tracks from the trails, and their sorebacked cayuses and boisterous papooses disappeared from the sandhills.

Nothing but the undying voice of the Intangible said anything to

Ben about the wild region where they concealed their camp.

Still burdened with his weapons, young Rojer went late in the fall to move some stockhorses from the mountain, to the winter, range. In spite of his love for company at all times, the

need of which he had felt especially keen since Soorowits appeared in the distance, he went alone; that is, he had no company

besides the horses and the devoted dog, Mike. Nor did he expect to see anyone on the mountain, for the J B outfit and the

Woodenshoe cowpunchers had drifted to the lower country two weeks before. He had no thought of meeting friend or foe,

though he clung to his guns in spite of their offensiveness.

Those guns never ceased to be an annoyance while he carried them; from Mike's trustful dogface and Snip's intelligent horseeye, from the fallwind and the silence as he rode along, came the

question again and again, "Which would be worse, to kill, or be killed?"The cold autumn winds moaned in the tall pines, and now and then a solitary bluejay called from among the leafless oaks and quakingasps, as Snip and Flossy bore their master and his packs along the mountaintrail towards Peavine Spring. Sometimes a crow cawed solemnly from the top of a dead pine, or

a squirrel hurried across the trail and scampered boisterously over the dry leaves.

Ben's hearing and eyesight waxed keen as he followed the wobbling course of that trail. Here he halted to listen for a

sound which seemed to come on the wind; here he leaned forward in the saddle to scrutinize a horsetrack in the dust.

Once he bowed forward a short halfminute, reining Snip to a full stop; a large shodhorse track crossed the trail at right

angles, apparently on a brisk lope. Who could it be? The J B

and the Woodenshoe outfits were both below. Young Rojer

frowned his discomfort at the mystery.

At all events. Soorowits would be riding no such horse,

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 213

unless, indeed, he had stolen it for the express purpose of making tracks which would not betray him. The Intangible aid and

sung many things through the medium of that fall wind, and punctuated its words with the squirrels and the cows and the bluejays, yet it made no mention of the old Pahute, or of danger of any kind. Peace seemed to reign under the leafless oaks and

aspens; peace seemed to hover over the tangled growth of maple

and woodbine in the canyons below.

Still, when the two horses had drunk at Peavine Springs,

Ben turned them doubtfully down along the hill to the left, and stopped in a little flat concealed from ajl sides by the trees. Here,

near a decaying log, he made camp, and shorthobbled the horses in the little patch of grass. Here he reposed in his blanket bed

PEAVIXE CORRAL

when darkness enveloped the great mountain, and from out the solitude all around or from the stars above, came the voice of a lullaby which soothed him to peaceful sleep. The cold, hard

form of his revolver made a slight raise under one end of his pillow, and beyond it Mike lay with his nose on his crossed feet, the image of brute fidelity.

On the morrow Ben saw the mysterious track again, but never a man or a human sound in all the wild region from which he drove his stockhorses to Peavine Corral. He would give ten

dollars to know who rode that horse, for somehow the fearful elements of his mind disregarded the whispering assurance of peace, and made him uneasy because of those tracks in the dust.

Young Rojer's fire blazed up again in his secluded grove in the evening, and again to his lonely bed he repaired as the light 214 [MPR( IVEMENT ERA

of that fire died oul in the darkness of night. He loved the wind

the white aspens,and the pines,—he loved the naked oaks and

whose kind presence he fell like friends all around. He loved

the greal invisible something which brooded peacefully over his bed, and whispered softly in his ear.

it withHe held communion with that Something,—he told

out winds how he gloried in his sweet rest in the bosom of nature; he thanked it from the depths of his sincerity for its assurance of safety from any lurking foe. "Oh Voice of Solitude!"

he whispered, "Dear Voice of Solitude, how you terrified me as

I rode old Buck at Little Afrountain! You were too strange and

vast for my childish mind, but now I have grown to know you as the greatest and dearest force in desert or mountain."

If he slept, his soul still heard, and he talked in his dreams with the gracious Intangible which hovered around and above him. Snip and Flossy seemed to hear it, too, for they staid

faith full v near where he could hear them crop the grass, and grind it in their great jaws.

Then another sound mingled uncertainly with the voice of rattled thedie wind: it was footsteps—they were firm,—they

dry it, too, leaves,—they came nearer! No mistake,—Mike heard

and raised his ear in sharp canine vigilance. But Mike never

barked in the nighttime.—old Spy or someone else had taught

him to refrain from any such thing. Ben clutched the stock

or his revolver under his pillow and the tread listened—it was

of faint rattle of a saddle. He sat up in bed holding hoofs—the

the weapon ready for use.

"Oh kid!"someone called in subdued tone.

"Hello, who is it?"

"It's jest me,"still in a low voice, "don't git scart,"and

Montana's southern accent proclaimed his identity.

The form of a large man and horse merged out of the brush,

! I'm glad to sec yu. kid, T've been most dead tu seeand the"By——rider dismounted and sat on one heel by the bed.

Si imcbody."

"How tlie dickens did von know I was here?"enquired Ben,

having covered himself and his gun.

"I trailed yu 'ere today, an'when I saw Flossv and knew it wus you. T wus goin'tu wait,"and a trace of the old horror

came back. "\ little while ago they got tired and rode off, an'I

had tu hide out. Yu sec. kid. they're after me. Thev been a

watchin'this ramp all afternoon and evenin'tu see if I wouldn't come back. A little while ago they got tired and rode off, an'1

sneaked in yere."

"That's mighty funny. I haven't seen a track today but

yours. You ure somebodv's here?"

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 215

"Sure as you're a foot high. I recon I ort tu know, dodgin'

around ycre three days. Yu ain't seen no tracks, caaze they don't

ride in a trail. I ain't follered a trail nuther fer three days. Yu

see, kid, I went down with the J B fellers, but these varmints sneaked around there and had me sorto rounded up when

I bolted fer yere. Now they got me very nigh hemmed up

again. I'm scart tu don't know how many there is of move,—I

believe they're on ever'trail an'pass, an'they're jist a'em,—I

closin'gradgely in on me."

He started up at some fancied sound or motion, and buttoned his coat closer around him, taking pains to leave his sixshooter still uncovered.

"I recon somethin'll happen before long,"he pursued, "this

DEAD PINES OF THE BURNT TIMBER REGIONS

business is gettin'perty old. Yu don't know how it is with

hide yere alone night after night is strictly hell. It'sme, kid,—tu

lots better when I kin talk tu somebody; that's why I sneaked in

yere an'woke yu up in the middle of the night. Of course, kid,"

and he hesitated and looked fearfully around, "yer Pap trained you to bleeve in a God, an'justice, an'punishment an'all that

I did.sort o'thing. I don't know nothin'about that,—I wish

But I do know thit somethin'follers me like a curse, an'when it ketches me alone at night, it very nigh drives me crazy. In the

daylight yu might think I'm brave, but in the dark I'm more scart'n a woman. Sometimes I wisht they'd kill me in the daytime when I ain't scart, but I keep on livin'an'meetin'the awful

things at night."

He poured it all into Ben's ears in a stream which invited no 216 IMPROVEMENT KRA

interruption, and he started and hesitated and elntehed at his revolver, as if apprehensive of the very trees.

"I used tu read about men thit shed blood an'didn't care, care a mighty lotbut le'me tell yu, kid, it ain't so,—they do

sooner or later. 1 like the hills an'hawses, like ol'Deut yere, but

this spillin'of rnnn's blood spoils it all. I used tu git off in trees

like tliese, an! M.ippy as a bird, but I can't never do it again.

Oli this idea o. s..lin'an'glorin'in it, is just the dream of men

thit don't know. 'Montana choked up and paused.

Ben knew that no more desperate man had ever hidden in

San Juan county, and he listened quietly, lest by speaking he would seem to use the darkness to disclose what this same man in the daylight would not want him to know. Besides, he had

a dread of certain murderous details which seemed eager to salute his particulars from which the mind recoils. ears,—awful

''I know I wouldn't talk this way tomorrow,"the Southerit. I can't fergit,ner continued, "but it's all the same—I done

an'I've got tu tell it if it's told all over the country. Yu see, kid, T wus in Texas—"he sprang to his feet and listened. "By!

they're comin'straight clown the hill!"

He swung nimbly and quietly into the saddle, and rode away into the haunted night. Young Rojer rose again to a sitting posture, his ear turned searchingly among the whisperings

of the mountain. Old Deut's foot falls became quick and violent,

and died away in the distance. No one came down the hill; possibly they turned to pursue the beating hoofs in another direction.

Nestling again in his blankets, Ben mused, "By night an atheist half believes in God."Then, seeking for that which "is

only sweet when we fondly listen, and only fair when we fondly gaze,"he found himself still in tune, and fell asleep harking to the great kind lullaby.

At sunrise, Young Rojer drove his stockhorses and his packs down the trail towards Dwarf Spring, and followed on into the cedars on the east slope of the mountain. The quiet of autumn

still straggling squirrels and crows and blueprevailed,—the

jays seemed to be all that waited for the snow to fall.

Down through the forest of cedars, over the rocks and off into the Butler Wash trotted the stockhorses, leaving a long cloud of dust behind.

At noon they halted on a sandhill to graze, while their driver ate lunch; and behold, behind them another dust, small but

dense, coming straight towards them. In ten minutes that dust

grew to such proportions, that Deut could be recognized toiling desperately and pantingly in the front of it, and upon his back Montana in a perfect frenzy of excitement.

"Trade hawses with me, kid, fer 's sake!"called the

VOICK OF THE INTANGIBLE 217

Southerner, as soon as he came within hearing, "Deut's flunked, an'the whole outfit's comin'full tilt down the trail."

It was a request, as cowboys make requests, but the element of stern command lurked somewhere behind it. Deut puffed feverishly, and white lather covered his exhausted frame from ears to

hoofs. Ben looked regretfully from Snip's sleek coat to the

unrelenting face of the Southerner, and knew he must obey,

Snip's tomboy tricks and loving ways notwithstanding.

The two saddles were peeled from the horses'backs in short order, but not too quick for Ben to notice how the big blonde had look had crept into hisfallen away in flesh,—how a farway

eye, and how his face and form spoke loudly of neglect.

When the great bony, frame swung onto Snip, he suddenly turned as for something forgotten: "Great! kid, what yu

loaded up with them guns for?"he asked in amazement, "you been

raisin'hell somewhere, too? I don't like the looks of them a

bit, kid."Not waiting for an answer, he touched Snip with the rowels, and made another long trail of dust which reached on and on towards Arizona, till it became lost on the hills of the lower Butler.

But no outfit came "full tilt"or any other way from behind.

Young Rojer looked expectantly during the three hours while he still followed down the wash. He put the pack on a range

mare, and rode Flossy, leaving Deut to jog wearily along with the band; and while he looked at the dry lather and dust on that

big, brown horse, he recalled all he had seen of Montana up to the moment when he disappeared with Snip,—and words often quoted

by Fred Rojer came back again:

"The way of the transgressor is hard."

(to be continued)

Captivity

I crept from out the dull years'prisoning to seek, where blossoms hung,

Once more the gay adventure of the spring with those who yet were young.

Along the meadowpath I stole my way, careless again, and free;

My heart in tune with each brave linnet's lay, each blackbird's melody.

My children came to find me, saying low, "You must not linger here

Without strong arms to lean on, lest you grow too weary, mother dear."

Sudden my joy fell from me, and I went—with old eyes dim with

tears Back ot the hearth, where I must rest content amid—Harper'sthe cagingWeekly.years.

The M. I. A. Contests

l!Y TOIIX IIKNKY I'.V.WS. OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS UNIVERSITY

/// Public Speaking.

"Real oratory,"said Chaunccy M. Depew, who was himself one oi

America's most graceful speakers, "is one of Heaven's gifts which a man may well pray for. The gift of speaking—of being able to make

people listen to what you say; of inspiring men with ideals and convincing them of truth—surely than this no more superb work a mancan have. ***** Eloquence is the master element in politics

—the most interesting and absorbing game that human beings play.

It is the universal and beneficial agent of civilization and religion.

At the bar, it is the dependence of the State and the last hope of the accused. Without its graces, no public celebration is complete. For

itinspiriting purposes, it places science, statistics, poetry, history, and art under contribution."

Mr. Depew instances as "perhaps the greatest triumph of a

public speaker in our generation"the addresses of Henry Ward

Beecher in England at the time of our Civil War. At Liverpool

and Manchester, especially, mobs were turned into audiences by the magic of "the truth, the word, and the man."And Mr.

Depew goes on to say: "'I have heard one of England's greatest

speakers describe his own impressions as a youth in the audience at Manchester. He said as he entered the hall, he saw a crowd of

people enraged beyond anything he deemed possible, and apparently endeavoring to get at the speaker. It was half an hour before Mr. Beecher could be heard. A hearing was secured by the

leading men of Manchester upon the platform begging an opportunity and protecting the speaker. At the end of five minutes the

passion of the crowd broke out once more, and it was thirty minutes before Mr. Beecher could start again. At the end of two

hours the converted audience had become his enthusiastic admirers, and wanted to carry him about the streets of their city."

A gift such as this is to be accounted among the great natural forces of the world.

One always has use for the gift of public speaking. Not

only the lawyer, the preacher, and the politician find the talent for public address an indispensable part of their training, but the man of affairs who is to be anything higher than his own clerk also

THE M. I. A. CONTESTS. 219

has many occasions arise in his life when the ability to express himself before an audience is almost as necessary. Among the

Latterday Saints the ability to speak in public is at a high premium. Practically every man in the Church is supposed to be

able to preach, either at home or abroad. Very naturally one is

anxious to do as well as possible what one has to do. Besides,

every young man ought to have an ambition to develop to the highest his talent in this direction, not only for his own gratification and good but even more for the pleasure and profit of others in the spread of truth. The ability to preach the gospel effectively

should be among the aims of every young Latterday Saint.

Can the ability to speak in public be acquired? This is a

question which the young aspirant for the oratorical prize frequently puts to himself. No doubt some have a higher natural

endowment in this respect than others, but that this endowment, be it little or much, may be cultivated is also beyond question.

"While a really great orator,"says Mr. Depew, "is as rare as a

really great artist or poet, yet the art of effective public speaking, with all its possibilities for individual and general good, is a natural gift to many men, requiring only practice and selfcontrol on their part for its development."But how can I tell whether

or not I have this gift? may be asked. The answer is already in

the question: 'By your desire to know whether you have the gift.

For if you did not have in some degree the gift of public speech the question would not even occur to you. You would not care

whether or not you had it. If you feel that you would like the

gift, the probability is that you already have the gift. And all

that you need to do is to study, to practice, and to exercise selfcontrol.

There are five distinct kinds of public discourse, according to the end to be reached. They are, the clear address, the impressive address, the moving address, and the entertaining address. If your subject is Faith and you wish merely to explain

it so that your hearer shall understand it, your aim is clearness.

If you wish to arouse his emotions with respect to it, your aim is impressiveness. If you assert that faith is the first principle

of the gospel and that it is necessary to salvation, your end is wish him to agree with you. If you wish him to gobelief—you

out and advocate faith by reason of a conviction you have helped to produce in his heart, then your end is action. If you dilate on

the subject in its various human aspects mainly to give pleasure, your aim is entertainment. If the speaker wishes the hearer to

see, he must be clear; if to make him feel, he must be impressive

if to accept, he must create belief; if to do, he must arouse a

desire to act; if to enjoy, he must be entertaining.

The end should not be confused with the means employed

220 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to attain the end. "I talk on 'The Personality of Lincoln,'and

my end is impressiveness, but as the sense in which I use the term 'personality'must be made intelligible, my first step is clearness.

Here clearness is simply a means."

It may be helpful to give here briefly a few general principles looking to the development of public speaking ability

In the first place, it is necessary to have a subject. The subject should not be so broad that it cannot be fully treated in the

time fifteen minutes in contests. The "Character allotted—ten or

of Joseph Smith"would cover too much ground. A single aspect

of his character—his manliness, for instance, or his cheerfulness

would be better. Similarly, the "'Mormon'Philosophy of Life"

is too broad for a fifteen minute oration. Again, it is doubtful

whether a straight narration of events might properly come under the title public speaking. Not that narration is out of place in

an address. Narration may indeed be employed, but only as a

means to an end. If incidents are used, they should be tied

together by means of a general thought. For an address or an

oration is really the development of a central idea or general truth.

In the second place, the end to be sought should be deliberately chosen. What is your purpose in speaking on this particular subject? You must decide that before you go on, for the

means you adopt will depend on the end you are to reach. Is

your end impressiveness, belief, action, or entertainment? I have

purposely omitted clearness, for the reason that I do not think it likely to be profitable as an end in a contest; but I have as purposely included entertainment because I believe we should lend

more encouragement to the lighter forms of public discourse than we do. That which so oftenpasses for wit among us in public

address more frequently resembles the gambol of the elephant than the graceful bound of the deer.

The subject and the end selected, there comes, in the third place, the development of the central idea, or theme.. Every discourse, long or short, falls naturally into three parts. There is

introduction. Therethe place where you are getting started—the

discussion. And thereis the place where you are going on—the

conclusion. In general,is the place where you are finishing—the

the principle which governs all these is proportion; that is, the

law that the introduction and the conclusion should not be longer than they need to be. Long introductions are the besetting sin of

the of them, and make them short. Think! beginner—beware

Think! An address should be well and carefully planned. It is

an excellent practice to write an outline of the whole address, setting down the ideas to be included under the three general headings of Introduction, Discussion, and Conclusion. The purpose

of an introduction is to state your thought, to win the goodwill of

THE M. I. A. CONTESTS 221

your audience, or to arouse interest in the development of your theme. Then the central idea must be developed. Here also

you must think hard. Be sure you are going on, and not merely

marking time by repeating over and over again some one pet idea.

Use incident and illustration where you can; these always hold

the attention and make clear. As for the conclusion, the main

function of that is "to leave upon the listener the impression of completeness. He must feel that what was sought to be shown,

impressed, or demonstrated, has been accomplished."

The address, in the fourth place, should be written and rewritten till it is the best that you can do. And a word on this

point. Don't try to get the oratorical tone. Don't see how many

big words you can use. The oratorical tone is nothing but bombast, and only ignorant people like that sort of thing nowadays.

in the arrangeTry rather to see how simple you can be—simple

ment of your ideas and simple in your statement of them. Your

judges will mark you down for any airs or mere frills you may are your keyput on. Simplicity, naturalness, sincerity—these

notes.

An Appeal to Boys

James Dunn, editor of the Tooele Transcript, has written this sensible talk to boys. You will notice that he is not'chiding the parents,

as is the case so often with advisers. He appeals to the boy himself.

And he is right; for if a man is to be made of a boy, the man must be

made by the boy himself. Parents can direct and help in countless

ways, but in the end every boy is the architect of his own character.

Boys, what about your home studies this winter? What part of

your time do you devote to selfculture and the improvement of your mind? We know a few bright boys wlo are wasting their energy and

money in pool rooms, and seldom snend a night at home. But the

day is sure to come when they will be very sorry over their spent money and their wasted time. Boys, quit wasting your time and

money, and start a reformation today, btop right now. Don't take

another step that will lead you to the pool room or the saloon, no matter what the inducements are. Rather break with your companions and stand alone than spend another hour wasting your energy

and force on the downward road. There is honor and a worthy reward for every boy who will make himself a man, no matter how

humble the home of that boy might be. The greatest men in Utah

and the nation have come from the log cabin, and were the lowly sons of toil, but they never spent their nights in the pool room and the saloon, nor their substance in smoke.

SelfHelp in College How Students may Work their Way Through College

BY ROBERT STEWART, PH.D., CHEMIST UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Can I obtain work at college so as to pay part, at least, of my student expenses? This is one of the most frequent questions

received by the college authorities from prospective students.

What is the opportunity for a poor boy dependent upon his own resources to obtain an education? Can it be done?

It depends largely upon the boy himself. The opportunity

can be found in almost any college. It is being done each year

by thousands of our best students. If a young man possesses

ability, energy and perseverance, there is no reason why he should not obtain an education.

The State provides the institution and its support; the young

man must furnish the energy and support himself. How can he

do this? In most of the state institutions the tuition fee is free,

or only nominal. In the endowed institutions, the tuition fee

varies from $120 to $250 per year. This is an item of considerable importance, yet the endowed institutions are frequently located in the larger cities where the opportunity for work is better. The prospective poor student will generally find that the

college is glad to receive him. The first year, however, is the

hardest to get started right. It is always advisable for the student to have available at least enough money to pay all his expenses the first year. It is better, if necessary, to remain away

from college one year longer to earn the necessary money for the first year's expenses at college. The student thus is able to utilize

the first year to better advantage in getting himself properly adjusted to the local condition and to learn wherein lies the best opportunity for selfhelp. There are at least eight sources from

which such help may be obtained, as follows: (1) fellowship, (2)

scholarship, (3) loan funds, (4) student assistants, (5) student employment, (6) outside employment, (7) summer work, (8) prizes.

How can one secure help from these sources? Is it possible

for a student, dependent on his own resources, to obtain sufficient help to enable him to secure an education? The manner in

which such help may be secured and the character and monetary value is indicated below

FELLOWSHIPS Fellowships are reserved by the university authorities for

SELFHELP IN COLLEGE 223

the benefit of the advanced students, usually for those who have obtained the bachelor's degree and have signified their intention of working for an advanced degree such as the doctorate.

The fellowships are derived in one of two ways: Either by

direct appropriation of the controling board of the university, or by contribution from some wealthy individual, usually in memory of some departed relative who was formerly a student, or, occasionally by some wealthy alumnus or group of alumni. Sometimes

only the interest on a certain fixed sum of money is available.

Occasionally some industrial company has a problem in their business requiring solution for which they establish a fellowship for one, two or three years, and provide a fixed sum of money for this purpose. The value of the fellowship varies usually within

somewhat narrow limits from $300 to $600 per annum.

There are fellowships of less value, and occasionally a few of as high a value as $1200.

A fellowship is awarded to a student by the Board of Regents upon the recommendation of the particular department in which the student is working. The fellowship is usually awarded

to students who have been in residence at the university for at least one year after receiving the bachelor's degree. Occasionally

new students from other institutions receive a fellowship, but their chances are not so good as those in attendance. The holder f

the fellowship, called a fellow, is expected to give the university a certain amount of service in return for his salary. This service

varies and frequently consits. of serving as an instructor, editing

journals, reading examination papers, assisting in the laboratory, library or museum. With certain fellowships and in certain institutions no service is expected from the students. The amount

of service expected of students, however, is not sufficient to interfere with their studies.

SCHOLARSHIPS

Scholarships are usually assigned to undergraduate students.

The monetary consideration, when such is given, is much smaller than the fellowship. Frequently, however, the scholar simply receives a remission of fees such as tuition and laboratory fees. In

some institutions, however, the tuition amounts to as much as $150.. and is therefore an important item. The scholarships are

awarded in various ways. In some states there are scholarships

for each representative district or each state senatorial district.

Scholarships may be awarded on the recommendation of. a department for exceptionally good work in the department. Occasionally there are competitive scholarships in some particular

subject. Usually a scholarship is awarded for excellent work on

the part of the student. In some cases service to the university

224 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is expected of the student, while in the majority of cases no such service is required.

LOAN FUNDS Most of the larger institutions have funds established in various ways such as by some individual, or by the faculty, some particular class, or by the alumni association, from which money is loaned to students at a very low rate of interest. Loans are usually made to the deservingstudents who are near the goal, graduation, for which they are striving, who are prevented in some

unavoidable manner from obtaining money enough to pay their legitimate expenses. While it is not advisable to contract large

debts to secure an education, there are occasions when it is necessary and advisable for a student to borrow the money necessary to finish his work. The loan funds are thus of immeasurable

benefit to the struggling students. Frequently these funds amount

to from $12,000 to $25,000, and money is loaned at from 4 to 5 per cent*interest.

STUDENT ASSISTANT

Aside from the appointment to a fellowship, or scholarship, the university occasionally appoints the more advanced students, usually the seniors or graduate students, to assistantships in the various departments. Students are thus appointed who teach the

more elementary classes in some courses and who also frequently assist in the laboratory work and in the "quizzes"and the reading of examination papers. To secure such an opportunity, of

course, the student must show especial proficiency in the particular subject in which the appointment is made. Such an appointment frequently carries a salary of as much as $500. per year.

The assistant has at least onehalf of his time for student work.

The assistant is frequently freed from the necessity of the payment of his student fees.

STUDENT EMPLOYMENT There is work around the college which the wideawake student may frequently secure. This work is as varied as is the

ability of the student. In many institutions the janitor work is

almost wholly done by the students, who receive about fifteen cents per hour. Students also serve as office assistants, as clerks,

messengers, telephone attendants, stenographers and typewriters.

The stenographer is in a favorable position for securing work, not only permanently in some dean's or professor's office, but there are frequently many odd jobs arising, such as newspaper articles, speeches, theses, etc., which may be typewritten. In some of the

colleges, the members of the choir and band are paid for their services, usually by the hour. The payment for such services

SELFHELP IN COLLEGE 225

varies from fifteen cents per hour for the janitor's work to twentycents for choir and band work. The expert typewriter, of course,

gets the usual fee.

OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT The employment which can be obtained in the community where, the college is located offers an excellent opportunity for the new student to get started right. Students are making part

of their expenses in all college communities by almost every conceivable kind of work. Some of the lines of work in which

students are finding employment are, as agents, reporters for newspapers, sign painters, models, tending furnaces, cleaning windows and rugs, polishing floors, general house work, tutoring, clerical work, typewriting, collecting accounts, distributing newspapers, waiting on table, operating night switchboard for telephone company, etc., etc. The opportunity for such outside work,

of course, is best in the larger cities, but after all, much depends upon the ability and persistence of the student himself.

The right kind of student, not finding the opportunity, will make one. Such students have established dairies for furnishing

fresh milk to selected customers at a good profit; or become bootblacks, or established clothes pressing establishments. Such a student in a Kansas college town established a small dairy herd and

distributed milk before school every morning with great success and profit to himself. A student arrived at an Illinois school with

only $35, and by persistent efforts such as rising at 4:30 a. m.

to milk and tend a dairy herd, was able to secure his education unaided. He is now a wellknown farm demonstrator in a rich

county in Illinois at $4,000. per year and expenses. He instructs the farmers on their own farms by visiting them in an

automobile. If the students have ability, are willing, and persistent and not afraid of hard knocks, the way can be found.

SUMMER WORK The kind and amount of work secured by the student in the summer vacation is, in a large measure, the determining factor in the student's ability to work his way through school. If it

were not for the ability of the student to earn money during the summer vacation it would not be possible. for nearly so many

students to make their own way. It is, therefore, of utmost importance that the student utilize this period to the greatest advantage. The kind of work obtained again depends upon the student.

Some students secure field work in engineering parties, others secure positions as farm hands. Good results have been obtained by students as canvassers for books, pictures, etc. Commercial traveling is very profitable, some men with a good, saleable

article making as much as $1,500 and expenses during the sum226 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mer. The summer is the crucial period in the working student's

career, and should be utilized to the best possible advantage.

PRIZES

Occasionally cash prizes are offered to students for special scholarship in some particular line, such, for example, as public speaking, debating, essays, i. e., for special work along literary

lines. Generally these prizes are purely nominal in character, and

rarely exceed $100. And, comparatively speaking, few students secure the prizes. Occasionally, however, exceptional prizes

are offered and secured by students. Thus recently the grape

growers of California found that they had large quantities of grape sugar, as a byproduct, in the impure form for which there was no market. They offered a cash prize of $25,000 to any

one who would perfect a practical method of utilization of this sugar by converting it into tartaric acid, which could be used for making baking powder. A student of the University of California,

an Armenian, secured this prize. The method, of course, is a

secret. Such prizes, however, are extremely rare.

Sufficient has been said to show that the opportunity is present, or may be made by the live, wideawake student, who is dependent on his own resources, to obtain an education. The

effort should not be made by the weakling or the youth who loves a life of ease. Only the strong, healthy youth will be able

to succeed in such an endeavor. It will be a tax on his physical

resources in this strenuous life where the competition is keen. But

the healthy boy, made of the right stuff, will succeed in this endeavor just as the poor youth is succceeding in the business world. The financial reward of such an earned college education may never be very great unless it be used as a stepping stone

to the business world, but the prospect for a comfortable living and life of service will be unfolded.

LOGAN, UTAH

Hymn of the Mothers of Men

For our recreant sons we pray, O Lord,

For our sons who will not pray.

Who scorn their mothers'teachings, Lord,

And shame thee day by day.

For our wastrel sons we cry, O Lord,

For our sons who will not cry.

For they serve the god of their appetites, Lord.

And they love and believe a lie.

Be merciful unto them, we pray

We, the mothers of men.

HYMN OF THE MOTHERS OF MEN. 227

For our reckless sons we plead, O Lord,

For our sons who will not heed.

They choose to walk in the darkness, Lord;

For thy cross they see no need.

But these are thy sheep on the hillside, Lord,

They're lost and cold and numb

And the storm and darkened gloom, dear Lord

Have beaten them silent and dumb.

Be merciful unto them, we pray

We, the mothers of men.

These are thy forth, O Lord, sheep,—go

For the saved are folded well.

But our sons on the hillside need thee, Lord,

Lest they fall into deepest hell.

Reach out thine arm to these erring ones,

Strike close, while they still have youth

With the quivering shame of repentance, smite

Their souls with the sword of Truth.

Be merciful unto them, we pray

We, the mothers of men.

Into the silence and gloom we peer, (We are the mothers of men,) But thy love gives hope and thy word gives cheer,

That our sons will come back again,

In the silent sweep of Eternity's round,

They have felt life's direst loss

Broken and maimed they will all creep back

To our arms and to thy cross.

Be merciful unto them, we pray

We, the mothers of men.

In woe we sit on Mizpah's plains

The mothers of Cain and Saul And they who gave birth to Ishmael,

Absalom, David and Paul.

For we wait like the mother of Alma's sons,

For the quick'ning sound of thy word

For the time when our sons will meet, and know,

The rapt vision of their Lord.

Be merciful unto them, we pray

We, the mothers of men.

Susa Young Gates.

Christianity

BY GEORGE D. KIRBY

If I were asked what, in my humble opinion, was the most significant event the world has experienced during the past year,

I would say that it was the formal request of the newlyformed

Chinese republic, a pagan people, that the Christian people dwelling within its boundaries, and all the earth, offer up the prayers of their Christian faith for the success and welfare of the new republic.

Only a very small percentage of the people of China are

Christians; it is by no means a Christian country, as we understand and use the term.

Never before jn the history of the world has the faith of

Christian j: eoples been acknowledged officially by a nonChristian

people in s ach a way as to ask their prayers, and it is an indication to mt'that the day is not so far distant when this new republic may become Christianized, for there was surely some mighty influence to believe that the prayers of Christianity to the God of the Christians would result in benefits which their beliefs could not give, otherwise it were a vain request, and one for which no reasonable motive could be given.

Many of the churches of America responded to the request, and on April 27, the pulpits of the Christian churches resounded with appeals to the Christian God, for the success and prosperity of a pagan republic.

The deep meaning of this appeal from China lies in its apparent recognition of the power of Christianity. A similar act to

this was the one which occurred at the commencement of the trouble in California, when a noted statesman of Japan expressed the hope that his people might be treated by the Americans in accordance with Christian principles.

We are told that "familiarity breeds contempt."Perhaps it

does in narrow minds; but certainly familiarity breeds carelessness of conditions. To many of the people of the world, the socalled Christianity is so a part of our lives and our customs that we

forget what it is. But when eastern countries, which are not

familiar with it, look upon this scheme of faith, they see not its petty details about which there is so much wrangling, but only the imposing outline of its grand structure.

They perceive from the outside, not as we do from within.

They see a lofty ideal for society, personal conduct and life at

CHRISTIANITY 229

large. From the distance the huge outlines of wonderful brotherly love hides from their gaze the warring sects; the clash and

narrowness of selfish intolerance.

It has been said that one half of any religion is the people who have it. Christianity plus Americans is one thing, plus

the AngloSaxon and Teutonic races another, plus the Latin races, still another. Both Romanism and Protestantism have been

a disappointment to the world; their breakdown has been no less

marked than the successes to which they had attained. The

servility and superstition of the Latin peoples, and the hypocrisy of the AngloSaxons, have not conformed well with the pure teachings of Jesus Christ.

When the Orient becomes Christianized, it will shame us it will produce a religion as far in advance of socalled Christianity as we are in advance of Paganism. The Eastern character

is more simple, more earnest, more imaginative, more assimilable to the doctrines of Jesus.

The touch of the East has brought about every advance of

Western civilization. From the East came mathematics, philosophy and most religions; the renaissance came from the fall of

Constantinople and the spread of Greek learning through Italy.

If the Orientals, as they bid fair to do, take the teachings of Christ seriously, they will simply and sincerely follow those teachings. The socalled Christians, practically declare that the

principles of Jesus are not logical; that he was a dreamer, that

the spiritual laws of Christ are "an irridescent dream,"and all the time worship him with their lips but not with the heart. With our

armies and our prisons, our worship of force; our distrust of

human nature and the Juggernaut of our business prosperity grinding humanity beneath its wheels of progress, we are likely to turn the ruling of the future over to the simple Orientals, for it is not the violent and cruel, but the meek that shall inherit the earth.

SUGAR CITY, IDAHO Discoveries on the Colorado

BY JOSEPH F. ANDERSON, OF THE UTAH ARCHAEOLOGICAL EXPEDITION, 1913, FORMERLY PRINCIPAL OF THE MONROE HIGH SCHOOL

III—The Industries of the Cliff Dwellers.

The industry and skill of the vanished dwellers in the cliffs is as well shown in their handicrafts as in the extent and variety of their architecture. They were people of the neolithic stage of

development. No evidence whatever has been discovered to show

that they had any acquaintance with the metals. Almost every

other available material to be found in the country seems to have been used, in one form or another, in making clothing, household utensils and accessories, implements, weapons and ornaments.

With the materials at hand, these ancient folk worked so ingeniously and fashioned so skilfully that they may be regarded as among the most advanced of neolithic men.

The home seems to have been the center of all industrial activities. There was evidently no centralization of manufacturing, nor was there a monopoly on the output of any product.

Each home had its own grist mill, each family did its own spinning, weaving, and tailoring, and each farmer and hunter made his own implements and weapons. He was at once farmer,

mason, potter, weaver, basketmaker, tailor, jeweler, warrior, hunter and woodsman. Certainly he was diligent and thrifty. He

must also have been daring and hardy to scale such cliffs and perform such tasks as he did. In all the cliff dwellings the same

general types of relics are found, with a few exceptions and variations.

Everywhere, articles of clothing and adornment are found, almost as plentifully as the pottery.

It would be difficult to say from the articles found just how much this prehistoric man customarily wore. Certainly, the simple breechclout was in vogue. Parts of hidejackets are sometimes found. These often show considerable skill in tanning.

Often the skins found, in the houses well protected from moisture, are just as soft and pliable as if fresh from the tannery. A

few centuries of time seem to have detracted nothing from the strength.

Fur caps are among the articles of headgear brought to light.

Thread for sewing these and other articles of apparel was made either from cotton, yucca, sinews or milkweed fibres.

The most elaborate and costly costume was made from the

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 231

feather blankets. These are much in evidence in all the cliff

houses, and are mostly preserved among the furnishings of the dead. Fur robes, like the feather robes, are often found wrapped

around the mummified bodies buried in the cliffs. Thick and

heavy, these robes must have formed warm wraps. They seem to have formed an essential part of the royal and ecclesiastical

garb of the time. The weft of such a robe

was made by wrapping heavy cords of yucca fibre with strips of feather, obtained by splitting the feather down the center, or with narrow strips of fur. These, when

completed, made fluffy strands, the thickness of an ordinary pencil. The warp was

either of yucca or cotton cord.

Fabrics of varied texture and composition are largely in evidence. Most invaluable to the cliff man, as a fibre producer,

was the yucca, or Spanish bayonet. He

used the long, narrow leaves in lieu of nails, in fastening the timbeis of his house together; with them he bound his sandals

to his feet, and with them he bound the embalmed bodies of the dead for burial.

He beat out the brittle matter from the leaves, leaving long, tough fibrils, which he twisted into threads, cords, and ropes.

From these were formed the warp and woof of his most common fabrics. Often

a combination with cotton was made.

Considerable quantities of finetextured cloth, all of cotton, have been found. Fine

cotton laces of intricate design were unPhoto by Frazier, covered by the Utah expedition, showing Utah Arch. Exped.

great skill in fine handwork. "NAVAJO JUAN,"

Small looms of simple construction,

A Navajo political leader, weavingsticks, and simple spindles, are the wno is a very intelligent inonly. { mechanical.. devices discovered. with dan.among HethehasNavajosmuch influenceof the

which the Spinning and Weaving Were done. Kayenta agency, and has al-

i r i 1 ct, ways befriended Prof. CumSiandals of closely woven yucca fibre were mi gs and the men with him.

is?u the universal footwear. Even.,theheJhoJNavhelped? h,In,diansto keepas J*have.. their prim-/v r

ltive shoemaking had its artistic phase. Ofajos from the warpath for so

ong a time 'ten the sandals were elaborately decorated with woven, raised designs and colors.

Headbands were worn either for utility or ornament—possibly as an aid in keeping the hair in position.

Many hair brushes are found, with hair still matted in them.

232 IMPROVEMENT ERA

These and other brushes are tightly tied bunches of stiff wiregrass, with one end trimmed square.

Needles were made from hard wood, or from bone. Awls

were of sharpened bone, or of sharp pointed obsidian, laboriously chipped to a fine round point. Drills for boring holes in wood,

pottery or other hard matter, were flaked into shape apparently in the same way as the Indians formerly made arrow points.

As a basketmaker the cliff dweller was expert. Baskets,

mats and shields showing considerable variety, and a keen appreciation of ornament, attest the skill of the makers. The everuseful yucca, willow, tough grass, and split sticks, were the raaPhoto by Rynearson, Utah Arch. Exped.

SECTION OF "TWIN CAVE,"A cliff dwelling, in Arizona, containing eightytwo rooms. It was in this cliff house

that the author uncovered the largest olla (storage vase) in the world—circumference

five feet. This is one of the cliff dwellings excavated by Prof. Cummings and party.

Several large boxes of relics were shipped to the university of Utah from this dwelling.

terials used in their construction. Since they evidently had no

beasts of burden and had to transport crops from the field on their own backs, baskets were indispensable. They vary in size

from large carrying baskets, with a capacity of more than a bushel, to the tiny coneshaped ones, seemingly used for collecting pitch from the conifers. Some of the smaller baskets have

been found to contain stored seeds of the rarer sorts, nuts and sacred ceremonial articles. One of these latter, which Professor Cummings found in the Sagiot-Sosi, was a little basket of

excellent make, with rows of humming bird feathers woven into the meshes on the inside. Over the top had been stretched a

cover of buckskin carefully held in place by a buckskin thong.

suFond of ornamentation, like all primitive peoples—and perstitious as well—they used everything bright and striking in

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 233

appearance as ornaments for the body, and used as talismans and charms anything with an air of mystery about it. Animal forms

were carved of rare stones and other materials, and apparently used as charms against evil spirits. Strings of shells and beads

of precious stones were common articles of adornment. Ear pendants of turquoises and other brightcolored stones, as

well as ornaments molded from clay, satisfied the vanity of those mysterious people.

Medicine bags and ceremonial outfits are common—sometimes

made of skins and sometimes of cloth finely woven from human hair.

The outfits contained in these bags consist of talismans, prayer sticks, tails or hoofs of animals, anvthing to lend an air of mystery and enchantment.

These early Americans cooked their food, and as evidence of their efforts to win fire, they have left their charred fire sticks, which they twirled in the sockets of A MARVELOUS VIEW other larger pieces of This view is between cliffs in Dogoshieboko candwellings to cliff point arrows The Arizona. yon, laborious the in feet wood of hundreds several cliffs, opposite the in trees below. Ihe canyon to the of effort bottom the above and patient tall are foreground the dotting canyon the in seen precious the produce pines.

SPar The cliff man was something of a musician, if we may judge so from the whistles of reeds and the flutelike instruments left behind him. Other objects which may have been used as instruments to produce noise or music have been found.

As a tiller of the soil, he had to make implements for planting, cultivating, harvesting, and threshing: his crops. Planting

sticks were made from hardwood sticks shaped with stone axes cliffs, the sandstone on sharpened and as ToftThorn"made blades were Shovel show. ledges the and sharpened handles wooden to fastened J"sheep, mountain of o ticks of curved were sickles and Scythes the sandstone. on beans threshing for Flails edge. to a fine sharpened hardwood,

234 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and other seeds were also of hardwood sticks shaped for such work.

Tools for milder industries were fashioned largely out of bone. Beveled edges were ground on

the long segments of leg bones from large animals, making chisels, scrapers and knives.

The best knives, however, were shaped from flint or ground from other kinds of hard stone. Axes, hatchets.?$|ijtl| 1 "*;.j 3r CrMSIHss?

and hammers were similarly made, and flr-'iVvH.Jwere supplied with grooves or notches "We**.*m

by which wooden handles were fitted

K- 'B* *""Nand fastened with thongs.

; Weapons, such as spears, arrows and L fr'M

bows, seem to have been made much the same as the more modern natives make gBb. >S 1

them. Bows still strung with sinew, j HL., v ""J* '<-8B! flinttipped

arrows, and spears with shafts still inPhoto bv Stockman, tact, have deUtah Arch. Exped.

fied centuries SECTION OF A CLIFF

DWELLING, of time, and very good primitive Showing a are found in In architecture. and masonry

most of the the foreground are seen members of the Utah expedition makcliff dwell ing a careful descent to the canings. yon hundreds of feet below,

slip or a misstep might mean a

Thanks to tumble into eternity.

the dry climate of the country, the relics found in the cliff dwellings are wonderfully well preserved. T he dry, fresh atmosphere

of the painted desert is said sometimes to dry up and preserve the carcases of large animals of today before they have

THE "BAT WOMAN"time to putrify.

This is a cliff dwelling pictoThese and other stories of water cliff located graph on the over scarcity in the desert, and of thirsten- cliff the dwelli.T. "Bat Woman"

A Navajo legend, given to Prof. durance of desert animals, might well

Cummings through Mrs. Wethquestioned erill, of the Kayenta trading seem incredib e—some have

post, recites that "Bat Woman"what was said o.i this subjec'. in a forof was the grandmother the wargod; that the war god was an mer article,—-but many of the statements

issue of the the marriage of sun are vouched for by men of reputation with a Navajo maiden, thus and are the Navajos connected by for veracity, who have spent years in the if legend, not lineally, with the ancient cliff dwellers. country. Father Garces, who traveled ex-

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO. 235

tensively in the southwest, refers more than once in his Memoirs to the wonderful endurance of the animals and Indians, native to the desert. He writes that they "endure both hunger and

thirst for four days at a time."Van Dyke, in his volume, The

Desert, relates that the natives do the same thing today, and that a Yuma Indian can travel on foot to the Pacific ''without any sustenance whatever—a thing no one not to the desert born

could do."Van Dyke continues

"Years of training in starvation, tl.irst and exposure have produced a man almost as hardy as the cactus, and just as distinctly a

type of the desert as the coyote. Strange as it may appear, many of

the desert animals get no water at all. There are sections of desert

fifty and more miles square where there is no trace of water in river, creek, arroya or pocket, where there is never a drop of dew falling, and where the two or three showers of rain each year sink into the sand and are lost in a half hour after they have fallen.

"How the animals can endure, how—even on the theory of gettingused to it—the rabbit, squirrel, rat and gopher can live for months

"BAT WOMAN"CLL'F DWELLING

This dwelling contains fortyeight rooif, and is one of the dwellings discovered and excavated by Prof. Cummings. The a r row at the left points out the room from

which the Utah expedition removed the mummified skeleton of an ancient potentate buried in a room filled with his wealth. Thf. arrow at the right shows a pictograph of

concenluc circles so common near c'Ht!>veilings. The arrow near the center designates the location of the "Bat Woman'pictograph.

without even the moist are from green vegetation is one of the mysteries. The muleder, v,nose cousin in the Adirondacks goes down to

w iter every night, lives in the desert mountains month in and month out with nothing nure watery to quench his thirst than a lobe of the prickly pear or a joint of cholla."

Thus he goes on speaking of the endurance of one after another of the desert animals. Some of the Indiana and white

236 IMPROVEMENT ERA

men who live in the desert tell stories of animal endurance that eclipse anything here written. Perhaps one might well take some

of the stories "with a grain of salt,"for in areas where there is apparently no water, the Indians and native animals instinctively find hidden water pockets or small, still v y springs, which a stranger to the coun 7 try might never find. mm The painted desert I*

has many such hidden treasures of water. It can hardly be

questioned, however, that the native desert Photo by W. IV. Stratton, Utah Arch. Ex*ed. animals have wonderful adaptation to their EDWIN NATURAL BRIDGE

native environment.

Archaeological Expedition crossing seen Utah The this natural county, This The native horses and Utah. wonder in San Juan

is the smallest of the four bridges, any one of which burros used by the is larger than Virginia's wonder. Its arch is 108 feet

high, and its span 194 feet. In the center the arch Utah Expedition

is only 10 feet thick. showed much greater

endurance and thirstresistance than the animals not desertbred.

In some instances some of them went as long as two days without drinking and without apparently suffering greatly.

(The next article of this series will deal with ceramic and other arts of the cliff dwellers.)

Peace and Rest

Rest in the hope of just reward,

Rest in the thought of duty done

Rest on the arm of a loving Lord

And the joy of a battle won.

Peace, for no pain shall burn thy brow,

Peace, for the night has passed away

Peace, for the east is now aglow

With the light of eternal day.

Sleep, for the Lord is near thy side.

Sleep, for the crown of life is thine;

Sleep, for thy soul fore'er shall bide

In the haven of saints divine.

F. C. Steele.

MAGRATH, ALBERTA Childless Americans (Reprinted in the Improvement Era, by permission, from The Outlook,

New York, issue of November 15, 1913)

BY ETHEL WADSWORTH CARTLAND

I am thirtyone years old, of what is called native American stock (which in my particular case means English and Scotch immigrants of 1635), a college woman, wife of a clergyman, and mother of four ordinarily beautiful, healthy, intelligent children.

A few days ago I overheard a sneering remark about the

American family, described as composed of father, mother, and two children. A bitter prophecy was uttered that the good old

American stock will soon be a thing of the past, since we refuse to have children. I felt as though some one had seized me by

the throat. Since then I have been considering whether this can

be true; if so, why it should be so, and what a tragedy it is, if

true. I have reviewed my experience as a mother; the excuses

American women offer for their refusal to have children; the right,

and only right, attitude for us to take, its importance and even its necessity for our people.

I counted the families (all native American stock) on our street in a town where I lived previous to my marriage, and found in twentytwo families there are fortytwo children. I was surfinding an average of about two toprised—indeed, dismayed—in

each family. I had not realized the fact.

I then recalled the town where we lived two years ago, where

I was also intimately acquainted. On our street, a short one, 1

found nineteen children in nine families (again old American stock), slightly over two in a family. Then I tried the street on

which we lived five years ago, in a different one of the New

England States, and here I found only eighteen children in sixteen families. Then in a third New England state I tried a certain

street in a town where I lived previous to my marriage,-and found that in the eighteen families (again old American stock) there were just thirtysix children.

I was in this way convinced that it is actually true of New

England. I hope it is not true of the West and South. But, as

the East is the oldest part of our country, is there no danger that this condition may by and by come to pass in the West and

South also?

The remark of a young friend about to be married also sugsgested itself—to the effect that there was no need of her having

238 IMPROVEMENT ERA

children, and she did not intend to have any. I recalled a similar

remark made to my husband by a male friend. Yes, I must believe that it is true in New England, and intentionally so. In

reviewing my list of streets, I was struck by the fact that the three ministers'families included have, respectively, four, five, and seven children! They form the notable exceptions. Just about

onethird of the families recalled have automobiles

Why is it that we Americans are having so few children? Does

the high cost of living account for it? That may influence some

families, but certainly not many, for the old American families never had much moneyIf the cost of living, has increased, so have the bank accounts: Are we not marrying later it life? Yes;

I married at twentysix, my mother at twentytwo, and my grandmother at twenty. But this is a trivial reason. Do not people

expect to do more for their children? Yes; I am a college woman, my mother graduated from a normal school, but my grandmother had only a district school education, with some private

instruction. Also, my parents having left the farm when young

people, there was less for their children to be helpful about. We

do more for our children and expect less from them, so we naturally feel that we cannot afford to have so many.

People will be imitative. A friend who has but one child,

now a young man, recently confided in me that she washes, now, she had more children. She said she often thinks how much

company a daughter would now be to her.

"Why did you not have more children?"I asked.

"Oh, well,"she explained, "Mrs. B., who was married at the

time I was, didn't have any children at all, neither Mrs. C. or Mrs.

D. I was quite the exception, with my one, and I naturally

thought that enough. Now, however, I wish I had girl, more—a

anyway."Another friend of mine waited until six years after her marriage before she began to have her family of three children. She

wished to enjoy some "pleasure,"save some money, and so on, with the customary explanation. A few days ago she confided

in me that she was sorry she had waited.

"I was twentysix when I was married, and my husband

Iwas forty,"she explained. "We waited those six years—till

was thirtytwo and he was fortysix. It was hard on us both- I

guess I was too old. Our first baby died at birth, and the two

we have are so frail! I know, now, it would have been better if

I had not waited. If I had only known how it would be!"

Then the function of is;t regarded? With motherhood—how

enthusiasm or reverence among us, or as an unfortunate accident to be deplored or ashamed of? There is much talk about "the

duties of mothers,"but is there much said about the duty of being

CHILDLESS AMERICANS 239

a mother? We admire the Madonna on the wall; do we cherish

the Madonna in our midst?

In many ways the life of women, in growing wider, has grown more shallow. We are brought closer together by the telephone, telegraph, trolleys, rural mail service, and other inventions; we have grown more social through the mushroom growth

of clubs and other organizations; school education has contributed

its share in increasing our knowledge of and pleasure in our neighbors; but even as these opportunities for social enjoyment

have come to women, so much harder has it become for them to give them up, as mothers must.

With equal education for boy and girl has come a different ideal for woman in the mind of man. When my father sent me

to college, a friend of his remonstrated "Why do you send her off to school and pay out all that money for her? The first thing she does when she graduates will

be to get married, and then she'll be no better off, nor you either.

Women are for domestic life, created for it, planned for it, and fitted for it; you're only going to make her discontented with her

life as she'll find it."

Now, however, man generally feels that women should not be denied intellectual and social opportunities. Man enjoys and delights in her attainments in those and other fields. Recognizing

her hard lot from time immemorial, he condones her selfishness and commiserates her inevitable sufferings.

Then, too, work calls women away from their homes. They

are so well trained to work outside the home, there are so many congenial occupations and positions they may take, that housework and homekeeping, childbearing and childtraining, have not been emphasized in their education or prepared for as a probable lifework. With all we do for our daughters, we no longer put first

the preparation for these most important and fundamental duties but, instead, music, chinapainting, voiceculture, dancing, deportment, and a thousand other accomplishments, well enough in their place. And when the bridal day comes to our girls, as it does

come to the majority of them, and they face domestic duties and motherhood, they feel incompetent, and gladly excuse themselves for escaping the responsibility of them.

Yes, here we come to the heart of the matter. With education for woman has come also the knowledge of hoiv she may remain childless. And in the practical application of this knowledge she has not realized that in seeking freedom from care and

pain she has betrayed the sacred trust imposed on her by the

Creator, and that she hopelessly and irretrievably wrecks the future of her people. The small birth rate among the old American

stock is mainly willful selfishness on the part of the man and the 240 IMPROVEMENT ERA

woman. Yes, it must be said, the old stock, the grand old stock,

the fine, cultivated, progressive, loyal, Puritan stock, is dying outThe native Americans, my own blood people, are passing passing suicidal! The grand Old from the life of the Nation—a

stock that fought the battles of the Indian wars and of the Revolution is going down and out! The Indians vanish because they

must. Not so the native Americans; they go because they will!

What suffering do I undergo when I have a child? Physically, it means three months of nausea, three months of comparative

comfort, three months of excessive weariness and discomfort, a brief (and therefore negligible) season of severe pain, and a year of constant care of the child. Mentally, it involves months when

I feel excessively disgusted with myself, my condition, and my surroundings. I rebel because I am so afflicted; I hate my appearance; I mourn the absence of social privileges; I loathe the

seemingly unending discomfort of day and night; and I groan

for deliverance, while I shiver with apprehension of the pain before me. I am very sensitive to all impressions, alternating between moods of dreamy happiness and sullen discontent. Because

I do dearly love the fluttering touch of baby hands, and continually wonder at what God makes through me, I feel—scientists and

all I do at this time must modify professors to the contrary—that

my child, and I feel strongly the need of a man to support, defend, and encourage me till the deliverance.

But with the birth of the child comes recompense for all. In

the succeeding months, especially if a mother is able to nurse her child, she reaches the height of living. Physically, the shock of

bearing the first child is great, and the return to health is slow, and because of it many women feel that they ought never to bear another, not realizing that, providing no actual harm has been done by the first birth, every succeeding one will probably be quicker and less painful and the return to health speedy. The coming

. of my second child proved a blessing in disguise, for my strength

had never come back fully after the birth of the first, yet this one left me fitter physically than I had ever been in my life before. The others which followed in quick succession left me

rosycheeked and strong. To the nursing mother the tide of life

comes flooding in, and at such times I have felt that I could

I could accomplish lift mountains, that I could leap rivers—that

anything materially or spiritually that I set out to do. Oh, nature loves a mother! She gives her that excess of vitality she

wishes transmitted to the race of men. It means a new revelation

of life for a woman to have a child; she sounds then the height

and depth of it. This is life's greatest experience for a woman;

it lays bare the depths of her soul; all her virtues and her sins

are set before her; she is plunged from heaven to hell, from hell to

CHILDLESS AMERICANS 241 heaven. No woman for whom it is possible and wise should ever

miss the adventure. She will see herself for the first time; she

will stand on the edge of the world, and never be the same. Afterwards she will have in her possession the most valuable thing the

world is able to child, the highest pinnacle of produce—a human

creation. What production is of any value beside this? It is

the greatest contribution she can make to her country, to her race, and it is a wholly inexcusable neglect on the part of any woman if she for selfish reasons refuses the gift.

But oh, the excuses women offer for their childlessness! And

the medical profession seemingly dare not say them nay. I know

several women who were advised by their physicians not to have children, yet who have had them and become strong and vigorous, though they had never before in their lives been well. Nature is inexorable, but often kind. I am reminded of the Frenchwoman a friend told me of who nearly died at the birth of her

first child. Three doctors attended her and pulled her up from

the grave. Her family physician warned her never to have another child as it would certainly kill her. Within a year her

husband died, and the following year she remarried. The second

husband desired a family. He got it! The woman gave birth

to nine children, and the births were so quick that she never had time to call in the doctor till after the event. For some women

pregnancy would no doubt be dangerous—and they were exto be negligible. A friendcused—but such women are so few as

who had been married six years and had remained childless, once assured me that he did not intend to have a child until he had secured $10,000. The following year I received a letter from his

wife announcing the arrival of a son, and declaring that she was happier than she had ever been before. How the father felt I

do not know, but I am sure he must have concluded that whatever bank account he had at the time could not diminish his own joy.

While I feel as strongly as any one that a woman should refuse to have children if there is fear of the consequences upon the child, as in the case of direct insanity, tuberculosis, syphilis, inebriety, or other diseases; that no criminals, paupers, or subnormal parents should have children, this should furnish no excuse to ordinary, normal parents. Some women are cowards

and shrink from the pain, as some men are lazy and avoid work.

Some women fear to lose their beauty and form. Some women

are too prim. Others are too cold. Many are too selfish, and

crave all the pleasure of this life and none if its pain. Some

women do not like children, and do not think they have patience enough to bring up children. Almost anything furnishes an excuse.

How many children should a woman have? This question

can be answered rightly only by the woman herself. Certainly

242 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as many as are consistent with her health and circumstances. If

the spirit is willing and the flesh strong, the answer will always be sufficient. But too many American women are content with

two children, just enough to take the parents'place, and are unwilling to bear any for the upbuilding of the race. They seem

satisfied to lavish their love upon just two, to permit them to grow up selfish and alone, and if any harm strikes down the little ones, they then have none to take their it is places—perhaps

too late for oh, the anguish of the childless home more—and,

where once the little ones made every day radiant! And then the

childless mother says "Mine ear is full of the murmur of rocking cradles!"

Oh, you selfish American woman, there is room for the automobile in your heart and home, but the little darlings you might have call to you in vain Statisticians inform us that each American home must have at least four children for the perpetuation of the race, and that the more fortunate ones should have from six to eight to make up for the loss in the poorer families.

There is no other way for us to get our children, and without them we native Americans will soon vanish from the earth.

We must drink of this cup of suffering. We must sit in this

darkened room. We must embark on this unknown sea. We

must look in the face of death. We must wrest this treasure

from nature for our country and our people. Women have a

world reputation for talking; let us talk less and do more. There

iron will that is but one hope for our prepetutation—that same

in olden days sustained our forefathers in England in their struggles after civil and religious liberty, and held them true through constant persecution; that same iron will led them to sail the

uncharted ocean, to land in the fearsome wilderness of the savage and through unimaginable horrors still to hew the wood and plant the field, and to build up the Nation that is ours. That

same Puritan conscience and stern devotion to duty, that same unswerving purpose, is the only hope of salvation for our native. American families.

Too often we see the childless intellectual wife whose conversation holds us enthralled; too often we see the childless artistic wife whose productions may be world famous; too often we

see the childless belle of the evening, glorious as Venus of old, who should be at home on her knees praying that God would give her a child! Too often we see the childless mansion with

its many rooms, its lawns, fountains, and flowers, its fields and woods and farms; and on the edge of the estate a little hovel

where our future citizens crowd each other out into the world.

Shall we, the native Americans of today, deliver to others more

CHILDLESS AMERICANS 243

humble the rich and glorious land for which our forefathers suffered and died, and where they dreamed that wc should erect the ideal republic as a symbol to the other nations of earth?

"I am she that hath borne no children;

Yet there is no one hath cursed me,

I look the same as the others.

But the nests pity me even The sun—the mother of stars—hath compassion

Upon me, and saith, 'O childless woman! What dost thou

With all the days I make bright.'"

—Bard of the Dimbovitza.

Elder Wiley S. Collett, Barnsley, England, October 27: "This

photograph of the elders in this branch was taken at the graveside of

Caleb W. Haws who

was buried in Darten cemetery, fortytwo years ago. I understand that he is the

only elder buried in England. Having died

of small pox, he could not be taken home. We

are receiving the very best of treatment, and making many friends.

We hold three meetings during the week, and all are well attended. We feel that the

work is prospering, and are thankful for the privilege of helping in the noble cause. Elders,

John P. Latham, Wellsville; Henry L. Young,

Salt Lake City; Wiley

S. Collett, Vernal, and

Lorenzo R. Packer,

Rexburg, Idaho."

(We believe that Caleb Parry and William H. Butler, of Marriotts,

near Ogden, and James H. Flannigan, of Utah, and others who were

missionaries, are buried in England. Editors.)

Education and the State

BY MILTON BENNION, M. A., PRINCIPAL STATE NORMAL SCHOOL,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Modern history is characterized as a period of struggle for that shall give every man equal ophuman rights—for freedom

portunity with every other man. This is the meaning of democracy. The first conspicuous struggle was that for freedom of

thought with special 'reference to religion. The outcome of this

struggle was to wrest from the few the right to determine religious opinion, and to put it in the hands of the many, each to determine for himself. While this result was being accomplished

there arose the struggles for political equality, and the right of the few to rule the many was disputed. This led to the great political

revolutions of modern times. The seat of political authority was

thereby transferred from kings by divine right to the masses of the people. This result has been fairly accomplished in the

great civilized nations, and is just now being accomplished in the backward nations.

These are simple matters of history, apparent to everybody, but it is not quite so easy to discover the great problems of our own time—those that will characterize our age for future generations. Even without this historical perspective, however, it seems

almost certain that our age will be known as the age of struggle for economic rights; and this struggle will be recognized as having great significances for human progress. That economic problems in our political and social life are paramount is evident in the

platforms of every political party. The nature of the solution

of these problems is indicated by the rapid gains in the vote of the socialists, and the further fact that all the large political parties in our own country profess to be progressive. By being

progressive they mean that they stand for control and regulation of the great sources of wealth for the betterment of the economic condition of the masses of the people.

The contention for economic rights is based upon the conception that all natural resources are the common heritage of mankind, and that great wealth, which is based upon the use of these resources, if privately owned, cannot be held by individuals or corporations in absolute right, but only in trust, to be administered with reference to the public good.

These facts point to either of two peaceable solutions of the or socialism. The greateconomic problem—industrial democracy

EDUCATION AND THE STATE 245

politicial parties are experimenting with various features of industrial democracy, in the popular meaning of the term. The Socialist party is the great rival of all others. Industrial democracy

may, therefore, be regarded as a goal sought by the conservatives in the general progressive movement. More radical measures are

being proposed, the least radical of which is that type of socialism which seeks to gain its ends only through constitutional and legal means. There are also various types of militant socialism

and anarchy which must be seriously reckoned with.

This situation is the key to the great educational problems of today. It is the business of educational theory to discover these

problems, and so to regulate educational activities as to help to bring about the best available solution. While education in the

schools may lead the way in human progress, it is primarily contrans-cerned in conserving all that is good in civilization,—in

mitting this heritage from one generation to the next. It should

seek how best to do this in any given situation.

It cannot be assumed that, come what may, the permanency of modern civilization is assured. It is quite conceivable that

factional struggles might lead to gross injustice, if not anarchy, and that the weakness thus induced among the great European peoples might make them an easy prey to some hitherto backward race. Civilization would doubtless be continued, in a way,

but it would, at least, be of a different type, and probably borne bv a different branch of the human race. However satisfactory

this outcome might be to a student of universal history, it would be very unsatisfactory to the people who support the great state school systems of America and Europe, and would, from our point of view, have to be regarded as a disastrous outcome.

On the other hand, the present economic struggle has possibilities quite the reverse of those suggested above. A wise soluton of economic problems now pending gives promise of one of

the greatest general uplifts in history, not alone in the betterment of the condition of the masses, but also in breaking down antagonisms between classes in society and between nations of the

Caucasian race. It promises to be one of the most powerful factors in promoting universal peace.

Upon the intelligence, the industry, the skill, and, above all, the moral qualitv of'the coming generation the solution of these

Droblems will rest, in so far as they are left unsolved by the present adult citizens. If we may speak of the two possible outcomes

suggested above as the undesirable and the desirable, then we may say that rich men who are a generation behind their time, and who ignorantly stand in defense of the older views of property rights, and who resist public regulation of resources held by them, will: whilecontribute toward the undesirable solution of the problem

246 IMPROVEMENT ERA

men of wealth who recognize that private property is a creature of the state, and must be managed as a trust for the public good.,

will contribute toward the desirable solution. Likewise the man

whose living depends upon his daily labor may by his intelligence, industry, and skill in his occupation, rise to human dignity, and, by his insight into public questions, be able so to exercise his rights as a citizen that he will contribute toward a desirable solution of the problems with which we now struggle; or, by the want

of these qualities, he may, and is almost sure, to contribute toward the undesirable solution.

The cure for our economic ills lies only in part in removing lack of knowledge of the economic and ethical questions involved.

A large measure of misery and discontent arises from want of industrial efficiency. Want of skill and special knowledge in some

industrial field, as well as of general intelligence, is frequently the cause of unemployment or low wages. If an able bodied man

is unable to render needed social service, his economic claim upon society is reduced to a minimum.

Rich and poor alike must learn that it is more blessed to give than to receive. Both must be trained in how to give most effectively, and to so regulate public affairs that every man shall receive fair compensation for his labor and the right to participate

in the benefits derived from the natural resources of the earth and the great inventions and discoveries that have become the common property of mankind.

This does not mean that we shall adopt a mere bread and butter theory of education. It does mean that the development of industrial efficiency, economic understanding, moral insight and

moral practice should receive first consideration in public education. These qualities in citizenship are essential to the preservation of our civilization; without them the socalled higher human activities cannot be developed and maintained. There is, however, no set boundary between the material and the cultural in

education. Where these distinctions exist they are determined by

the attitude of the individual towards his work. It is an essential

part of the business of education to develop in the young a right attitule towards every necessary and desirable activity, beginning with those activities that are most fundamental to individual and social life in our own time. Thus all education will be cultural

and culture will rest upon a sound economic basis.

The Navajo and]Moqui Mission

BY JOHN R. YOUNG

In the Y.M.M.I.A. Manual for Junior classes, 191314, there

is a thrilling and interesting account of an adventure in the life of

Jacob Hamblin, the gifted Indian peacemaker, and pioneer scout of southern Utah. The reading of that severe test of his physical

and moral strength gives birth in my heart to a desire to have you publish, in the Era, a statement from me in regard to the breaking up of the Navajo and Moqui Mission, which was brought about by the unwise talk of brethren laboring at the Moencopy, as

Brother Hamblin affirms in his biography.

In 1874, I was living at Kanab, and have a lively remembrance of the Indian troubles that came to us on account of the killing of the three Navajos, in Grass Valley, by Mr. McCarthy.

When Jacob and the Smith brothers had the talk with the

Navajo, at Ketchene's camp, it was understood that Jacob was to meet them again, at the end of twentyfive days. In regard

to fulfiling that agreement, an unhappy misunderstanding arose.

Brother Hamblin claims that he kept that promise. The Navajos affirm that he secretly visited the Moquis, their enemies, and

then hurriedly returned to his home without meeting their chiefs, which was a virtual violation of his promise. When Ketchene and

Peokon, the new war chiefs, learned that he had returned without meeting them, they were angry, and at once sent a messenger demanding that Ira Hatch and John L. Blythe should meet them at

Ketchene's camp. The brethren were unarmed, and in the same

hogan where Jacob and the Smiths suffered, Ira and Blythe were put on trial for their lives.

With their butcher knives, the angry relatives of the murdered Navajos hacked every button off Brother Blythe's coat, and threateningly drew their knives across his throat. After a long,

heated discussion, in which the wounded Indian was brought in and his wounds exhibited to give force to Indian eloquence, it was decided that Ira, having an Indian wife, should go home, but

Blythe must die to avenge the blood of their sons who were killed by the "Mormons."

Ira interpreted the decision to his companion, and the strong-: "Tell them I wish to pray, thathearted man calmly answered

then I will be ready to die."

Then he prayed as only a man of God can pray. Deathlike

silence prevailed, until he finished his pleadings. As he arose

248 IMPROVEMENT ERA

from his knees they asked for the interpretation. They were told

that he had asked our great Father not to punish the Navajos for his death, as they knew not what they were doing. The

"Mormons"had not killed their sons, but were the best friends they had on earth. As an evidence, he was willing to die, and

prayed that his death would open the Navajos'eyes to see and his blood might bring peace and friendbelieve the truth,—that

ship to the two nations.

The prayer evidently touched the hearts of the old men, and also created a division of feeling in the council. After a long and

solemn deliberation, Peokon asked Ira if he would go with their young men and show them the men who murdered Ketchene's sons. Ira answered, "No; it would only lead to - the shedding of

more bloodWhen the Navajos killed the son of one of our chiefs we did not seek to kill you to avenge his blood. We left

it to God to punish the murderer, and you should do the same."

The reply came like a flash, "Take your horses and go, and write to your chiefs, that if they do not have the cattle to pay for Ketchene's sons, at the Moencopy, within thirty days from now, that I will take the scalps of every man and woman of your people that I find on this side of the river. Now go!"

The brethren wrote a letter giving at length the interview, and addressed the communication to Bishop Stewart and John R.

Young. We telegraphed it to President Brigham Young, and

the answer came: "Let John R. Young take a company of men,

and go and bring our people back on this side of the river. Let

the Navajos alone until they learn who their friends are."

Andrew S. Gibbons, of Glendale, Thomas Chamberlain, of

Mt. Carmel, and Frank Hamblin, of Kanab, with six men each, responded to the call. Jacob Hamblin volunteered to accompany

us. When we reached the Moencopy, Jacob with five men went

on to the Moqui villages. He wanted to go to Fort Defiance, but

his Moqui friends told him if he did the Navajos would kill him, as they felt very angry toward him. Jacob accepted their counsel

and returned immediately to us. The people at the Mawabby

and Moencopy were fearful of a massacre, and wished to leave as soon as possible, but Jacob and Brother Blythe were each president of a mission of some kind which apparently covered the same territory, and they were loth to give up the field.

It required all the influence that I was able to yield to get them to returnHowever, the task was accomplished, all were landed safely on this side of the river, and not the life of a man or beast was lost. I always felt thankful to Ira Hatch, Andrew

S. Gibbons, Thomas Chamberlain and Frank Hamblin, a brother

of Jacob's, and their men, for the faithful labor and loyal support they gave me.

THE NAVAJO AND MOQUI MISSION 249

If the breaking up of the mission was a mistake, I am the man to blame for it, but I have yet to learn of a single instance where time did not vindicate the wisdom of President Young's counsels. For many years I was in close touch with the Indian missionaries of southern Utah. I knew their trials and sacrifices; Jacob Hamblin's little book perpetuates his memory, and I

am glad of it. Equally worthy of remembrance are the names of

Ira Hatch, Andrew S. Gibbons, Thales Haskell, W. B. Maxwell, John L. Blythe, Jehiel McConnell and George A. Adair. All

have passed to the great beyond, and their names are seldom heard, but they were loyal to the cause, to their people, and to every call of duty, as God gave them light to see their duty. As

pioneers and Indian scouts they had no superiors, and their names should live forever in the histories of the Latterday Saints.

GRAYSON, UTAH

New Mission Presidents

Elder Walter P. Monson, recently appointed to succeeded the late

Elder Ben E. Rich as president of the Eastern States Mission, is the

son of C. H. and Ellen Monson. He was born, June 30, 1875, at Richmond, Utah; baptized, July 5, 1883, and ordained a deacon when fourteen years of age. At that time

he was called on a mission to assist with the janitor work of the ward meetinghouse, which he tilled faithfully and well, and to the satisfaction of all concerned. Until he was twentytwo years of age, he worked

with his father at his lumber yards and planing mills at Richmond, Utah, and Franklin, Ida.

He married Leona S. Parkinson,

November 6, 1895. They have

a family of eight children, seven of whom are living. He has

filled several missions, the first being in 1898, to the Northwestern States. During that

summer he was called to be Secretary of the Oregon conference and shortly after presided at Portland, Oregon, over the newly made conference. In December, 1899, he was called as counselor to the president of the mis250 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sion, holding that position until released, February 9, 1900. Returning, he launched out in the lumber business for himself, in July, 1900,

succeeding admirably until, in 1909, he was called to England on another mission. He was assigned there to labor in the London Conference, and after five weeks was called by President Charles W. Penrose to take charge of Earlscourt booth. During the four months of

time spent here in giving out information and tracts and selling books he met representatives of 252 different religious denominations with whom he discussed the gospel in an informal manner, bearing testimony also to peoples of fortytwo different nations. This venture was

the means of distributing over 58,000 tracts and selling 5,888 books.

The booth was open for one hundred days. In March, 1910, he was

chosen president of the London Conference, which position he held until released, in April, 1911. During this time he met that valiant

friend of peace and liberty, Mr. W. T. Stead who later fought the

Latterday Saints'battles valiantly to the discomfiture of his countrymen. Elder Monson had the distinguished honor of dining at Mr.

Stead's home and forming a most intimate and affectionate acquaintance with this great man. Mr. Monson has been interested in politics,

and in the civic life of the communities in which he has resided. He

has served as county commissioner, city councilman, and president of a commercial club, and has taken a broadminded view of the problems of life. He has been a friend of the poor, and has ever been willing

to administer comfort to the sick. He has served as counselor in two

bishoprics, and the young men of the wards in which he resided always had a friend in him. Lately he has served as supervisor of the Sunday

School parents'classes in the Weber stake. In taking up his new

duties as president of the Eastern States Mission, he leaves a lucrative position as manager of the Eccles Lumber Company, where he has served two and onehalf years. He is a man of strong emotion, kind

disposition, and fearless in upholding the truth, being greatly admired by both friends and enemies alike.

Elder LeGrande Richards, recently appointed to preside o.r the

Netherlands Missoin, is a son of Elder George F. Richarde, a member of

the quorum of the Twelve Apostles, and Alice A. R. Richards.

LeGrande was born in Farmington, Utah, February 6, 1886. In 1888,

he moved with his father's family to Tooele, Utah, where he graduated from the district school and later took a business course at the L. D.

S. Business College, Salt Lake City. For some time he was associated

with his father in the implement and lumber business at Tooele, and was later in ihe employ of the Consolidated Wagon & Machine Company, Salt Lake City, as stenographer and bookkeeper. In this position he was occupied when he received his first call for a mission to

the Netherlands, which he promptly answered, and labored in that mission for nearly three years. He left home, April 17, 1905, and

returned February 12, 1908. Elder Richards has creditably filled sevNEW MISSION PRESIDENTS. 251

eral religious positions, having been active as deacon, teacher priest elder and seventy. He has also rendered service as ward teacher'

ward clerk, and in the superintendency of the Sunday schools and the

Y. M. M. I. A., in all of which callings, he was an enthusiastic and

earnest worker. During his former mission, Elder Richards acquired

a ready use of the Dutch language. As a result of his love for the

Dutch people and his zealous efforts as a missionary, he endeared himself to that people, and was the means, in the hands of the Lord ot bringing a number into the gospel fold. Since then he has assisted

LEGRANDE RICHARDS AND FAMILY

a number to emigrate to this country, and has aided them here in securing employment, and in counseling and encouraging them in their trials and afflictions. Elder Richards, with his family, wife and

three children, left Salt Lake City, for his new field of activity on

November 3, 1913. The Dutch people both in the Netherlands and in

Utah are greatly pleased with his appointment, recognizing his ability and character, and it is confidently believed he will fill a successful term as mission president. The Era joins with his many friends in

wishing that our Heavenly Father's choicest blessings may attend him, his family, and his ministry.

Elder Nicholas Groesbeck Smith, who has been appointed to preside over the South African Mission, was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, 252 IMPROVEMENT ERA

January 20, 1881. He is the son of the late President John Henry

Smith and Josephine Groesbeck Smith. He left Utah for his field

of labor on the 17th of September last. In 1887, he removed

with the family to Snowflake, Arizona, and the following year, moved again to Manassa, Colorado. In this latter place he

spent his boyhood days in the fertile San Luis Valley, of the

Sangre de Christo, San Juan and

Culebra mountains. In 1896, he

returned to Salt Lake City, where he attended the high school until 1902. During the

years 1899, 1900-1, he played football on the "AllStar"team, and in 1902, graduated as president of his class. After graduation he went on a mission to the

Netherlands, where he labored in the Groningen, and in the Amsterdam conferences. He

was a regular attendant at SunNICHOLAS GROESBECK SMITH day school, and has always been active in Church affairs. At the time of his call to the South African

Mission, he was a member of the Sunday school Board of Davis stake.

Returning to Salt Lake City, in 1905, he went into business for himself, and in 1909, moved to Farmington, where he took charge of a local telephone company's business in Davis county. He remained there up to the time of his call to South Africa. He served in

civil capacity as justice of the peace of Farmington. He is accompanied on his mission by his wife and three sons. His wife is Florence Gay, of Ogden, whom he married in 1906. Faithful and competent, he goes to his responsible calling with every prospect of success in his work, and advantage to the cause of the Lord.

Elder William W. Taylor, who succeeded Elder Chas. H. Hyde,

who recently returned home, as president of the Australian mission, was born in Provo, December 9, 1883. He is the son of Wm. Joseph

Taylor and Abby Jane Scott. A few years ago the family moved to

Lake View, near Provo, where they now live. Elder Taylor is a

member of the One Hundred and Twentythird quorum of Seventy, and received his call to Australia early in 1912, being set apart by

Elder Rulon S. Wells, June 5 of that year. On arriving at Sydney he

NEW MISSION PRESIDENTS. 253

labored as a traveling elder in the New South Wales conference for about eight months, when he was called to preside over the South Melbourne branch of the Victoria conference. A few months later he

was called to preside over the

Victoria conference. In these

positions he won the confidence and love of both elders and Saints, as well as the president of the mission. When President Hyde received his release,

he was authorized by the First

Presidency to leave some good elder in charge of the mission till his successor should arrive, and Elder Taylor was chosen.

Elder Taylor has been a most energetic and faithful worker in the mission, and will undoubtedly wield a good influence among the people of that land.

WILLIAM W. TAYLOR.

Joseph and the Land of Egypt

BY JOSEPH F. SMITH JR., OF THE QUORUM OF TWELVE APOSTLES

This is a little work of 115 pages, including"the index, published in the form of the school classics. It is one of a series

of studies of Bible characters intended to be faithpromoting.

While there are a few things in the work that partake of sectarianism, these are so mild and harmless as barely to be noticedThey do not hurt the work. The book is written in a pleasing

style that will attract the reader. The author, however, has

taken for granted that those who read it are informed in a general way in the history of the nations occupying Egypt and

Western Asia during the period of the story. It will, perhaps,

require some further study in this direction by many of the members of our associations that they may fully grasp many of the

*By Prof. A. H. Sayce, D. D., LL. D.; J. M. Dent & Co., London;

J. B. Eippincott Co., Philadelphia.

254 IMPROVEMENT ERA

details. Much is presented outside of the Bible narrative, that

should be understood by our readers. Throughout the work attention is paid to all evidence bearing on the authenticity of the

Bible account of Joseph and his brethren.

There are eight chapters; they deal with the history of

Joseph as recorded in Genesis, and the religious, educational and commercial activity of the inhabitants of Western Asia and

Egypt, at that time. These chapters are as follows

1. The Boyhood. 2- Western Asia in the Patriarchal Age.

3. Slavery. 4. The Egypt and Canaan of Joseph. 5. The

Vizier. 6. The Famine. 7. Israel in Egypt. 8. The Last

Days of Joseph.

It is shown in the work that Joseph was reared in the midst of a civilization that had existed many years. To quote from

the author:

"Centuries before the age of the Hebrew Patriarchs, advanced civilization and high, sound culture had grown up on the banks of the Euphrates and the Nile. Never did the art of the sculptor attain a higher

level of development than in the Egypt of the Old Empire * * * And the civilizations were essentially literary. There were public libraries in

the cities of Babylon stored with thousands of books on clay, and neweditions were constantly appearing in Egypt of poems and novels, of moral treaties and religoius literature. Education was widespread *

* * and there were writers and readers innumerable. Such was the

civilization into which Joseph was borne."

The author states that under these conditions the sons of

Jacob had acquired the rudiments of learning, and the belief in the illiteracy of the ancient East is erroneous. Canaan, in the

day of Abraham, was Babylonian in thought and customs, and this civilization was predominantly literary. Babylonia was a

great commercial community, and all classes engaged in trade with all parts of the known world. There was a highway from

Mesopotamia into Canaan and Egypt over which the merchants traveled with their wares. This development of trade

brought with it three results. First, a general diffusion of education; second, an accurate registration of dates, or an official

chronology; and third, a system of commercial law which was

Continually growing, and like the law of England, was based upon precedentsThis system of commercial law lay at the foundation of all the law. of Babylon, the codification of which

was one of the foremost achievements of Khammurabi, first king of all Babylonia, who is identified as Amraphel, king of

Shinar, of whom we read in the 14th chapter of Genesis.

Long before the birth of Joseph, Egypt had been conquered by a race of Semites known as Hyksos, who for upwards of five hundred years held sway in the valley of the Nile. They went

JOSEPH AND THE LAND OF EGYPT 255

from Canaan, and their capital was Zoan on the Eastern side of the delta, where they were in touch with the land of thenfathers. They remained Semites and Canaanites in spite of their

Egyptain garb in which they clothed themselves. It was at

the court of a Hyksos Pharaoh at Zoan that Abraham made his way, and it was a Hyksos king that befriended Joseph. The relations between Canaan and Egypt during the reign of these kings

was close.

The account of Joseph's dreams and the treatment he received from his brethren, is very vividly presented in the narrative. Joseph's character is pointed out: He is amiable, affectionate, straightforward and Godfearing, but, nevertheless,

somewhat conceited because of the indulgence and position accorded him by his father. This naturally created a feeling of

resentment and envy in the hearts of his brothers, a feeling augmented by the dreams of their younger brother, for they were fearful lest they come true. The rough handling he received by

his brothers, and his treatment as a slave in Egypt, eliminated from his character that which was bad, and the training he received purified and strengthened him for the mission that awaited him. When elevated to the throne, he was given for a wife,

Asenath, daughter of PotiPhera, priest of On. The author points

out that this priest was not an Egyptian by birth, but of the

Semitic race, and therefore Joseph married a woman who was

Semitic.

The story of the famine, and the treatment accorded the sons of Jacob by their brother whom they had so thoroughly hated and illtreated, is very tonchingly recorded. Joseph, through his harsh

treatment of them and apparent suspicion, was trying to discover if they were still the wicked and treacherous men who had so foullv sold him a slave for money. By punishing them and causing them to feel some of the anguish that he had partaken of while

a partial retribution—he discovered in their hands—which was

that even the most pronounced among them in condemning him were now willing to lav down their lives or become his slaves that they might protect 'their youngest brother and return him to their father that his gray hairs might not go down in sorrow to the grave. Learning of the change in their character, he was

willing to forgive them and received them with open arms and tears of joy and brotherly love, and he made intercession for them and his father before Pharaoh.

The book is most worthv of consideration, it is highly instructive, and should be carefully read.

A Parable and an Application The Story of Two Lamps

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE, OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE APOSTLES

Among the material things of the past,—things that I treasure for sweet memory's sake and because of pleasant association

It is of the Argand type, commonlyin bygone days,—is a lamp.

known in the day of its popularity as the "student's lamp,"so named in acknowledgment of its particular and peculiar suitability for the reader's table. Lamps of this kind were among the best

in the longago. A very few years divide the longago from

the present as measured in terms of improvement and progress.

In the longago of which I speak, illuminating gas was known only in large cities or in pretentious towns with a history; and electric

light in dwellings was a rare novelty. Candles and oil lamps

were the only common means of domestic illumination.

The lamp of which I speak, the student lamp of my school and college days, was one of the best of its kind. I had bought

it with hardearned savings; it was counted among my most

cherished possessions. That type of lamp was provided with a

small hollow wick, and had a straight cylindrical chimney, with a constriction near the base, where an enlargement adapted it to the burner. It was constructed in accordance with the best scientific knowledge of the day. Its tubular wick, less than a fingerbreadth in diameter, with efficient airinlet at the bottom, insured

fairly complete combustion with a minimum loss of energy through useless generation of heat. The oil reservoir was supported on

an upright standard, removed by several inches from the place of combustion; and, in consequence, the holder cast no shadow upon

the printed page or writing tablet, provided, of course, the lamp was properly placed.

I took good care of my lamp. I had in it a pride such as the

horseman feels in his favorite mount. He likes personally to

groom and feed his steed, and so I allowed none but myself to trim the wick, burnish the chimney, and fill the reservoir of my lamp.

its deepgreen opaque shade, brilWVn brightly burning, with liantly deflecting and reflecting beneath, it diffused a wholly satisfactory illumination upon my page; and, as I kept vigil night

after night, through the late and early hours, my lamp came to be a sympathetic commore than a mere physical illuminant—it was

A PARABLE AND AN APPLICATION 257

panion, an inspiration to spiritual enlightenment. You who have

been in stress and strife, you who have had to wrestle with difficulty and contend with seeming fate, you who have been blessed through all such taxing strain with a neverfailing friend, an everpresent- and everready may know somewhat of companion,—youthe affection I felt and feel for my faithful lamp.

Compared with waxen candle and ordinary oilburning lamps it was of high efficiency. What matters it today that such a lamp

is counted dim? It was the best I knew; it was excellent in its

time. Do you ask how much light it gave? I can answer your

query with precision, for as early as that time, in the longago, I was a student of science; and I had tested my lamp according to

the laws of photometry in the improvised laboratory I had contrived. The light was of about twelve candle power, in terms of

the generally recognized and standardized rating. It was brilliant

in that period, in the longago, remember.

One summer evening I sat musing studiously and withal restfully in the open air, outside the door of the room in which I lodged and studied. A stranger approached. I noticed that he

carried a satchel. He was affable and entertaining. I brought another chair from within, and we chatted together till the twilight

had deepened into dusk, the dusk into darkness.

: "You are a student, and doubtless have much Then he said

work to do of niehts. What kind of lamp do you use?"And

without waiting for a reply, he continued; "I have a superior

kind of lamp I should like to show you, a lamp designed and constructed according to the latest achievements of applied science, far surpassing anything heretofore produced as a means of artificial lighting."

I replied with confidence, and I confess, not without some

: exultation "My friend, I have a lamp, one that has been tested

and proved. It has been to me a companion and a friend through

many a long night. It is an Argand lamp, and one of the best.

it is ready for the lighting. I have trimmedand cleaned it today;

tell me Step inside; I will show you my lamp, then you may

whether yours can possibly be better."

We entered my study room, and with a feeling which I assume is akin to that of the athlete about to enter a contest with one 1 put the matchwhom he regards as a pitiably inferior opponent, to my welltrimmed Argand.

in his praise. It was the best lamp of My visitor was voluble

its lend he said He averred that he had never seen a lamp in better trim He turned the wick up and down, and pronounced the adjustment perfect. He declared that never before had he

realized how satisfactory a "student lamp"could be.

I liked the man; he seemed to me wise, and he assuredly was

258 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ingratiating. "Love me, love my lamp,"I thought, mentally paraphrasing a common expression of the period.

"Now,"said he, "with your permission I'll light my lamp."

I [e took from his satchel a lamp then known as the "Rochester."

It had a chimney which, compared with mine was as a factory somestack alongside a house flue. Its hollow wick was wide

enough to admit my four fingers. Its light made bright the remotest corner of my room. In its brilliant blaze my own little

Argand wick burned a weak, pale yellow. Until that moment of

convincing demonstration I had never known the dim obscurity in which I had lived and labored, studied and struggled.

'Til buy your lamp,"said I; "you need neither explain, nor

argue further."I took my new acquisition to the laboratory that

same night, and determined its capacity. It burned at over fortyeight candle power—fully four times the intensity of my "student

lamp."Two days after purchasing, I met the lamppeddler on the street, about noontime. To my inquiry he replied that business

was good; the demand for his lamps was greater than the factory

supply. "But,"said I, "you are not working today?"His rejoinder was a lesson. "Do you think that I would be so foolish

as to go around trying to sell lamps in the daytime? Would

you have bought one if I had lighted it for you when the sun was shining? I chose the time to show the superiority of my lamp

over yours; and you were eager to own the better one I offered,

were you not?"

Such is the story. Now consider the application of a part,

a very small part, thereof.

"Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father, which is in heaven."

The man who would sell me a lamp did not disparage mine.

He placed his greater light alongside my feebler flame, and I hasted to obtain the better.

The missionary servants of the Church of Jesus Christ today are sent forth, not to assail nor ridicule the beliefs of men. but

to set before the world a superior light, by which the smoky dimness of the flickering flames of manmade creeds shall be apparent.

The work of the Church is constructive, not destructive.

As to the further meaning of the parable, let him that hath eyes an 1 a heart see and understand.

Joseph Smith as Educator

BY PROF. ALFRED OSMOND, HEAD OF ENGLISH DEPARTMENT OF THE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

While the world still clings tenaciously to the notion that Joseph Smith was an imposter, it is becoming more and more difficult to account for the man and his works on this presupposition.

This is especially true in the field of education. Imposters do not

establish great educational systems. The theories of such men usually lack internal harmony and external comprehensiveness. One

cogent reason for this must be obvious to all. An imposter is insincere, and there is no adequate substitution for the lack of sincerity in the character of any man. Inglorious failure seems to be

the normal penalty for the sin of insincerity.

The admission that Joseph Smith was sincere is a step toward rationalizing one's notions of the life and works of this remarkable man. Sincerity, however, is not synonymous with greatness. It is

true that the world has not yet produced a great man who was insincere, but its production of sincere failures are simply enourmous.

Joseph Smith should be given a prominent position in the front rank of the world's great educators. In this paper I shall

present a few of his many claims to this exalted position.

this is an intellectual age. EdWe all recognize the fact that

ucational theories are springing up on every hand. Never in the

history of the world has there been such a general demand for education. Our schools are crowded with throngs of enthusiastic

students. Vast sums of monery are placed at the disposal of

educational corporations. Public lecturers are eloquent and persistent in their plea for education. In educational matters the

voice of the emotionalists is so clear and strong that the vast throngs of educational enthusiasts have neither time nor inclination to listen to the unmusical voice of the prosaic conservative.

Was there ever a time when there were so many fads and fancies ourselves with thein our educational life? We try to console

havethought that we have given up speculative idealism. We

so intellectualized religion that superstition has all been squeezed out of it, and in this preserved state, it is handed over to the special scientist to be labeled as a product of natural or scientific law. The motive, of course, is to make the religious principle

practical and scientific. The worth of an education must now be

260 IMPROVEMENT ERA

measured in terms of commercial value. I admit that we sometimes make a show of measuring education in terms of rationalistic values. But I still insist that in the last analysis there is a

strong tendency to reduce even rational values to utilitarian commodities.

In the midst of all this confusion, I present a few of the claims of Joseph Smith to a prominent position in the front rank of the world's great educators. I do not present these claims in the

interests of Joseph Smith or his people, but in the interests of education itself.

In order to measure the value of these claims, I. shall first

define the ideal of education. The purpose of education is to

teach one to live the very best life that he is capable by nature of living. If one cultivates a field properly, one has a right to expect

the soil to yield its maximum product, both as to quantity and quality. If a horse is properly trained, he will exhibit his maximum strength or speed at the time when he is required to do so.

Are we to expect more of a field or of a horse than we expect of a man? The uneducated man is under the dominion of the law

of life that demands him to become educated, but I have a right to demand the scholar (that is, the educated man) to live the best life that he is capable by nature of living.

I hold that there is no adequate substitution for the ideal of education that I here define. In other words, this is the only

worthy ideal of education or of life. I test Joseph Smith, as I

would test any other man, in the light of his ideal. Man cannot

live his best life without help. It is incumbent upon the educator

to give his student a worthy ideal of education. He is never able

to give him such helpful service as this. An unworthy ideal will

ruin any man, any society, any nation.

By the standard that I have adopted, I can now measure the value of service rendered, and the student can measure the greatness of any man. In the first place, the best help that a student can

get from a teacher is that help which enables him to understand and accept the ideal that I have defined. After this has been

received, the one who points out the safest and most direct path that leads to the ideal, and gives the student the most encouragement on his journey is the greatest teacher. The greatness of the

teacher must thus be measured by his capacity for service, and the intensity of his desire to perform the work. The greatest man in

th world is the one who has the greatest capacity for service, together with the strongest desire to give the needed help.

In an educational system one must recognize the fact that a technical analysis of human life cannot be made. The educator.

JOSEPH SMITH AS EDUCATOR 261

however, must understand, in a general way, the nature of this life in order to conduct it to the goal of its maximum capabilities.

The most important fact of human life is that it survives the shock of physical death. The number of great men who have

believed that life is a tender plant that is withered and killed by the frosts of death is very small. The human soul seems conscious of

its own immortality; the educator must take advantage of this bias

in the human soul. If the soul is immortal, how can one live the

best life that he is capable, by nature, of living without believing this significant truth?

The doctrine that the soul can never die is a central truth of

Joseph Smith's educational system. He understood that the ideal

life involved this knowledge. He emphasized the fact that knowledge is eternal. He boldly declared that "the glory of God is intelligence.""It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."

"A man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge."

Prophets and poets have sung the glory of God from the dawn of creation to the present time, but where is there in all literature a sentence more inspiring and sublime than, "The glory of God is intelligence"?

Perhaps there is no longing in the human soul that is more fundamental than the longing for salvation. The soul shrinks

back with inexpressible horror at the mere thought of final destruction. When it feels the glow of immortal life, it knows that

the extreme disaster of the opposite must be eternal death. The

conflict of these two conceptions finds expression in the earnest cry: "What shall we do to be saved?"The commissioned agents

of Jesus Christ in their haste and anxiety have enumerated and explained some of the elementary conditions of salvation: Believe

in God and in His Son Jesus Christ. Repent of your sins and be

baptized, etc. These instructions were simply intended to turn

men's faces in the right direction. They do not explain the character of the process involved in reaching the goal. But these instructions, simple as they are, have been corrupted. Jesus Christ

declares: "He that endureth to the end, the same shall be saved."

Tense forms are properties of verbs that mark distinctive intervals of time, but if "shall be"can mean "is,"these various tense forms should all be abolished. We are told, however, in modern

Christianity, that to be converted is to be saved.

is saved when he is conIf we compare the notion that man verted with the doctrine that man is saved no faster than he gains intelligence, we find that the former flatly contradicts the teaching- of Christ, while the latter describes the only possible process in his ignorance, beofbecoming saved. A man cannot be saved

cause progress is involved in passing from the ignorant to the intellectual state. Intelligence is a potent instrument of prog-

262 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ress. The unsaved man improves his condition physically,

mentally, morally, and spiritually, by means of this instrument.

This improvement is nothing more nor less than becoming saved.

This being true, how can a man be saved faster than he improves his condition, and how can he improve his condition faster than he gains intelligence?

(TO BE CONCLUDED IN FEBRUARY NUMBER)

Elder John W. Mcintosh, St. Johns, Kansas: "The elders and

Saints are well and doing all in their power to teach the gospel to the people of Kansas by word and example. We have been able to hold

schoolhouse meetings in the country every week during the past two months, and have succeeded in obtaining many friends and investigators. Elders, left to right, top row: Glen Allen, Hyrum; John W.

Mcintosh, Burlington, Wyo.; Marion S. McRae, Independence, Mo.;

William Nives, Burlington, Wyo.; Edward Berrett, Ogden, Utah; middle row: Ray S. Harding, Provo; J. E. Manwaring, Farmington

George Bradshaw, Wellsville, Utah; Charles Cardon, Driggs, Idaho;

bottom row: Horace Holley, Slaterville, Utah; Joseph W. Greenhalgh,

Safford, Ariz., conference president; John O. Bankhead, Paradise,

Utah. We pray for the success and the spread of the gospel in the

valleys of the mountains as well as in Kansas."

Editors'Table

New Year's Greeting

The New Year is before us with its wonderful possibilities.

Every person, quorum, association, and school, must be up and onward, with a clear conception of the plan for the work ahead.

"The glory of God is intelligence;""It is impossible for a man to

be saved in ignorance;""Prepare ye, prepare, for that which is

to come;"are sermons to be kept in mind. These thoughts before us will stimulate effort and help our work along. God grant

us the vision to see what is to be done, and the courage to up and at it. The Era and its editors and management join in wishing

all a blessed, busy, happy and prosperous New Year!

Work for Returned Missionaries

After having spent two or three years preaching the gospel in the world, the missionary encounters great difficulties upon his return home, in two ways: First, in obtaining employment to

replenish his rlppleted finances; and, secondly, something to do in

the line of Church work that will continue to keep him in touch with the spirit of the gospel. Everybody seems to be busy, and

often little attention is paid to a brother who returns from the mission field. He is called to speak once or twice in the ward,

but the speakers awaiting opportunities are so numerous that any one person's opportunities to speak in public in a ward are very limited.

It is true that in the auxiliary organizations, and in ward teaching, as well as in the Priesthood quorums, there is always room for effort; but very frequently the missionary, who must

keep a sharp lookout for his financial affairs, gradually becomes more interested in them than in an effort to obtain Church employment that will keep him spiritually awake, especially since, in the latter, he modestly refrains from pushing himself forward.

Hence, it happens too frequently that in the course of a few months the missionary changes his spiritual condition almost completely. He becomes interested in material things, and sometimes

in the ways of the world, and in the world's way. The hurlyburly of business alters his attitude, and frequently his feelings.

The general result is that the people are not receiving as much benefit from the talents, the spirit, and the ability of the returned missionary as they should, and the missionary neglects as well 264 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his spiritual progress. While the returned elder should be the

greatest force among the people in giving impetus to spiritual growth and development, and in benefiting the Church, the contrary is too often the case.

There are two ways in which this fault can be remedied. As

in all good things, the first impulse for change and improvement must come from the missionary himself, who should determine in his heart that he will stand firm, keep himself unspotted from the world, and continue busy in Church work, so that the spirit obtained in the mission field will never depart from him. In the

second place there should be help from the people to open up his way for employment so that he may help himself; every encouragement in spiritual matters that can possibly be given by the local

Church authorities should also be extended. In this way unfavorable changes in the life of the returned missionaries, will not

be so marked as at present, nor will as many, as do now, lose their desire for activity in the Church.

One of the methods suggested by the Presiding Bishopric of the Church that could be adopted with advantage by bishops of wards for the retention of the missionary's spiritual influence that was awakened in the mission field, is this: Every ward has a

number of lukewarm and indifferent families. Some, perhaps,

who are.on the way to apostasy; also mixed families, some believing one religion and some another. There are perhaps non-

"Mormons"upon whom the ordinary teacher of the ward can make no impression. Why not let the bishop in each ward call

a couple of returned missionaries, immediately after their return, and assign them the duty of awakening an interest among these lukewarm Saints and others? The missionaries could attend the

regular teachers'meetings, and there learn from the regular teachers what families and persons should be visited. In this way they

would become in fact a great aid to the bi:;hop and could report

their labors regularly to him in the monthly ward priesthood meetings. There are hundreds of non-"Mormons"in the various

wards and settlements of our Church, many of whom have never heard the gospel, and some who are even waiting the opportunity to have the gospel preached to J.em. These could be visited by

the young returned missionaries, who have gone thousands of miles, perhaps, to obtain like opportunity, and to make at most two or three converts in as many years. They would be more

benefited spiritually, and exert a greater influence in the community, by thus being called by the bishops of the various wards in the Church to preach the gospel and to labor among the population, than was the case in the mission field.

Presidents of stakes and high councils throughout the Church will find it to their advantage to take a special interest in the returned missionaries. No other persons are more easily converted

EDITORS'TABLE 265

to Church work, and kept in the line of duty. Many of 'the stakes

are appointing the ciders immediately upon their return to home missionary duty, but it has been discovered that often the appointments have been very indifferently filled, and the missionary gradually relinquishes his work and is not heard from. Those who

have charge of the missionary department of the stakes need to be energetic and zealous in checking up the missionaries, and in providing Church activities for them, either in their respective wards or in the stakes. Where any neglect is discovered, it

should be followed up early and persistently, so that the elders may be kept in the line of their duty. In this way much spiritual

good will result, and the returned elders will create an awakening among the people which is impossible where their missionary spirit is permitted to die from lack of exercise, or from inattention on the part of the presiding officers of the stakes and wards f Zion. Joseph F. Smith.

President Smith's Visit to Arizona

President Joseph F. Smith, with President Anthon H. Lund,

Elders George Albert Smith, Joseph F. Smith, Jr., Patriarch

Ffyrurn G.Smith, Presiding Bishop Charles W.Niblev.and others,

recently visited three of the Arizona stakes of Zion. On their way

south they stopped first at Snowflake, Arizona, where the new stake academy was dedicated on Thanksgiving Day, November 27. They then went on to Mesa, where they dedicated the First

and Second ward chapels, December 4. At Phcenix, Governor

Hunt, Captain Massie and the mayor of Phcenix, called for the party at the railway station, and took them for a tour of Phcenix in which they were shown the beautiful buildings and parks of that city on the plain. The company visited the state capitol at

Phcenix. President Smith says: "This structure nowhere can be

duplicated for the amount of money expended upon it. It is magnificent. The grounds are elegantly laid out with beautiful date

palms, floral designs, etc., and the most magnificent roses I ever

saw were in bloom. Governor Hunt himeslf presented us with a

beautiful wreath of the flowers."They were taken to Mesa in

automobiles where they attended, with President Smith and his party, the dedicatory services of the meetinghouses.

These new chapels have been erected at a cost of about $12,500 each, about half of which was donated by the Church, and the balance subscribed by the members of the wards or obtained from the sale of other ward property.'The buildings were

started in February, 1913, and have been used since August. The

Mesa ward was organized in 1882, and was divided at the quarterly Maricopa stake conference held September, 1912, when 266 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Isaac Dana was chosen bishop of the First ward, and John L.

Riggs of the Second ward. Soon after the organization of the

wards, arrangements were made for the erection of the new twin buildings, which have now been dedicated by President Smith.

President Francis M. Lyman and Elder George F. Richards, and

President Joseph E. Robinson, of the California mission, joined

the party and attended the dedication.

At the dedicatory services, Governor Hunt made an address in which he declared* that the "Mormon"people are among the best citizens in Arizona. "They are people who fill the schools,"

said the Governor, "and not the jails."

President Smith relates that two days after the services, he took occasion to thank the governor for what he had said about the Latterday Saints. The governor replied that he had verified with figures his statement of two days before. "According

to the population of this state,"said the governor, "the 'Mormons'are entitled to eighteen inmates in the penitentiary, but as a matter of fact there is only one."President Smith replied

that this one could not be much of a 'Mormon,'unless he was there under misapprehension.

One of the pretty incidents of the dedication and the visit is reported as follows in the Arizona Republican,, a prominent daily paper of Phoenix:

"One of the features of the program at the dedication of the new 'Mormon'chapels in Mesa, on Thursday afternoon, which deserves special mention, is the song rendered at the exercises of the Second ward chapel, entitled, 'Children's Praise,'which was rndered by a chorus of seventyfive Sunday School children of the Second ward. The subject of this song is, 'Suffer little

;'and the children rendered it in a manchildren to come unto me

ner that was exceedingly touching. At the close of the song,

Amy Riggs, the little daughter of Bishop John L. Riggs, of the

Second ward, stepped from the group of girls, and, walking up to

President Smith, who was on the platform, looked up into his face and recited, 'We Pray for Thee, Dear Prophet,'in a manner that brought tears to the eyes of more than one person in the audience.

Following this, the little girls formed in a line and marched before President Smith, each one handing him a beautiful rose, until he had been presented with a flower for each year of his life."

During the visit, the party, including the local authorities, visited the Roosevelt dam of the immense nine million dollar

Salt River reclamation project.

On Sunday, the 7th, the quarterly conference was held when a number of the brethren addressed the Saints who had gathered in great numbers.

From the Salt River Valley the party proceeded to the St.

Joseph stake, and held largelyattended meetings at Thatcher.

EDITORS'TABLE 267

The company visited Binghamton, four and a half miles from

Tucson, where many of the refugees from Mexico are located

Here a meeting was held at which 292 Saints, 200 of whom were refugees, attended. President Smith's advice to the refugees

who, with the Church, lost some $10,000,000 worth of property, is worthy of record:

"Cease waiting to return to your former homes, and begin right where you are and build up your homes again. Gather

what possessions you can, build what homes you can, improve your condition as far as it is possible for you to do so, and relinquish the idea of returning to Mexico. If, then, you ever do

receive judgment for wrongs and losses suffered there, if conditions ever again permit you to return to those Mexican settlements, then you will be that much farther ahead, that much more prosperous, and then the return of your former property will come to you as an actual bonus, and every improvement you have made in the meantime will be an added asset which in case vcu rr..> prefer to return to Mexico, you can undoubtedly sell."

After the meeting at Binghampton, Bishop Heber Farr stated that the counsel President Smith had given to them was just what they had been waiting for, and it would be influential in settlingconditions among the refugees.

From Arizona, the party went to Los Angeles, where they also had a pleasant visit, and held a meetitng with the Saints.

"Everywhere,"says President Smith, "we found prosperous conditions. The Saints seemed to be feeling well. In some of the

southern parts of Arizona our people this year harvested six crops of alfalfa, which was sold in the field at $12 a ton. Under such

conditions they can scarcely be otherwise than prosperous. Really,

the only trouble is that they have so much to do on their farms that they cannot give the time and attention to their roads and fences and other things that should be given."

Everywhere and on every hand, the party was received and treated with gratifying courtesy. They returned to Salt Lake

City on Dec. 14, in good health and delighted with their trip.

Messages from the Missions

Elders Varian E. Hale, Blackfoot, Idaho, and Albert E. Hodgkinson. Vernal, Utah, write from Beattyville, Kentucky, East Kentucky

conference: "On calling for a drink of water, on our way to another

district, a gentleman recognized us, as having left him a Book of

Mormon tract some time before. He wanted a Book of Mormon, as

our doctrine seemed to him the most reasonable of any he had ever read. He had always before wondered where the American Indians

came from. Our school, that was carried on last winter, did much

good. Amidst the opposition we were permitted to hold six well-"

attended meetings and baptized four people during the week just past i

C be 'be "C.2 S S 13 crt 5O

bC rt O <u. o>>i C g in

O biD-H >: *-G Gc cc kCU +Ju r,:

s rt X <U—Mlo -C f ft

rt o y en X fto cu u u O G art G >> O o.. CO en G

en C 5 C CO<u P &o +-> wen Grt *O J2.G

CO—as JS J! Csu en G

"5 5 PQ.S ft ft, 4> O

rto oo -C en.-h

CM -"bet; G Gft GG >>.

O JH ccu—2 o rt IT co

< cu. to u

G o CC enuo <U be—*<=> ftO rtN -GO rt.5GO

U T3 s gCO< *: c G OG* a<u oH 1 o

5?W t- obe c o bio ffi JZ a) TDG toG ->C G

.5 <u G be O en <u u > g o U '5 S V g rt 53w>o "+Jo C4-.PL, H bit)uO - s

J3 S o G "3 pq f*> ften G rt -93 -ort G hf) < c rt ft o o - >. <u<u

>, rt >i CUH X c13.-g > n 5en rt X: <)

G G o -*1 Ui e o SO a M t> "G "5 > W 0)W w Oi—UG Ort S"& c.s *7",G o -G a."o o -. <u -

rt GG f? - X3G< cu O rt rt >>; o

O. i IT rt S... -T GO <h

J3 II* 3 Oe3 SS J;O G -m

<* en G CJ EO.G <u u

* <Li.a CO G ->- bo Z rt

cl> mG > 2V- I I-"43 O

1 "S:.1.H 7. rt t"CU

= beG Jl -G ''cu> O G.? P -G r> Srt enrt C/-.cw.5—x

Priesthood Quorums'Table

Distribution of Study Courses. The lollowing letter will be sent

to every bishop in the Church, by the General Committee on Priesthood Outlines, and is selfexplanatory. It is believed that all the

books will be ready early in January.

Dear Brother. We shall send you in a very few days packages of

books for the Priesthood quorums of your ward. The quorums of the

Melchizedek Priesthood, you will remember, all have the same textbook or manual—"Gospel Themes,"by Elder O. F. Whitney. The

quorums of the Lesser Priesthood are to be supplied as follows: The

priests'quorums with "The Restoration of the Gospel,"by Osborne

J. P. Widtsoe; the Teachers'quorums with "The Life of Christ;"the

Deacons'quorums with "Incidents from the Lives of Our Leaders."

These several manuals, for the year 1914, are being sent to you for distribution on the basis of 30% of the membership of the priesthood quorums of your ward; that is to say, 30% of the number of High

-Priests; 30% of the number of Seventies of your ward 30% of the

number of Elders; and so with the quorums of the Lesser Priesthood.

Our thought is, first, that surely 30% of each of these quorums will want immediately this number of manuals, so that you will dispose of them promptly, and without trouble; second, by having this

number for immediate distribution, you can start all the classes in your quorum at once, and have sufficient text books in the hands of the individual members to insure the success of your class work from the start.

After this matter of the text bonks is introduced by you at the first meeting, following the arrival of the books, the matter can be turned over to the ward clerk to be handled by him. That is to say,

let payment for the books be made to him; let the books remaining

over, after the first night's sales, be left in his charge to be brought to the next meeting, and so following until the entire assignment is disposed of. After the ward clerk has disposed of the assignment individuals wanting books can obtain them by ordering them directly

from the Improvement Era Office, or through the ward clerk, who will send orders to the same office.

By placing this matter in the hands of the ward clerk, we make isthe handling of the books uniform—as this plan of distribution

already in existence,being followed in all the wards—with machinery

and will simplify the whole matter, which but for this uniform arrangement might run into confusion.

it imperative, that the distribution We suggest, and would make of the books be made a strictly cash transaction, if this is not done the loss is likely to be great and the work of the ward secretary made unpleasant, and too laborious. The price of the books is too small

an amount on which to open an account for collection, and the memories of individuals too uncertain to be trusted for payment; so collect

the price as the books are delivered to the member applying for them.

Prompt remittance should be made to the Improvement Era Office, of the monev collected for the books. Practically all the books we

send you should be disposed of by the second or third meeting after they reach you. and the proceeds, whatever they may be. should be

sent by that time to the Improvement Era Office, as per bill to he rendered, and to accompany the respective packages, and from which 270 IMPROVEMENT ERA

you will learn the selling price of the books. We are dependent upon

these returns to make payment of the printing bills; hence, the importance of promptness.

This plan of distribution calls for a little care and exertion on the part of yourself and the ward clerk, but the satisfaction of being able to start all the quorums'of the priesthood classes in your ward at the same time and with sufficient text books on hand to guarantee the success of your classes from the start, will amply repay you, we think, for the necessary care and prompt attention required in this matter.

Thanking you in advance for your willingness and diligence in attending to this distribution of text books in your ward,

We are most respectfully yours,

Rudger Clawson, Chairman, David A. Smith, Secretary.

In behalf of the Church Committee on Priesthood.

"Gospel Themes."—This is a treatise of the gospel plan of salvation, written especially for the quorums of the Melchizedek priesthood

by Elder Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of Twelve Apostles, and

published as the course of study for the priesthood classes, for 1914, by the General Committee on Priesthood Lessons.

The following questions on the first four chapters are prepared as helps and guides, particularly for class instructors, but will be found helpful, also, to all the members of the class. Each lesson should be

studied carefully before the class period. It should then be thoroughly

considered by the members as a body. During the recitation, these

questions may be used as a means of stimulating thought as well as for a general review. They may be of service, also, in making individual assignments of topics when this method is deemed advisable.

Questions on the next four chapters will appear in the February number of the Era, and so on during the year.

PART I—THE STORY OF GOD

Questions and Suggestions.

Chapter I—A Divine Plan of Salvation, (See "Gospel Themes").

1. Define "Gospel."

2. From what does the word "Gospel"derive its significance?

3. Memorize Luke 2:10.

4. Name the basic principles upon which "the laws and ordinances of

the gospel"rest.

5. For what great purpose was the gospel instituted?

6. Define the phrase, "Fulness of the gospel."

7. How can there be, relatively, more than one fulness of the gospel?

8. Explain the difference between "Redemption"and "Salvation."

Between "Salvation"and "Exaltation."

9. Name the threefold purpose of the gospel.

10. What reasons can you give for believing that the gospel originated

in the heavens before this earth was created?

11. Show the power and the benevolence of Deity in instituting the

gospel plan.

Chapter II—Eternal Nature uf Gospel Principles.

i 1. What is the difference between a selfexistent principle and;i

instituted plan containing that principle?

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 271

2. Explain the 29th paragraph of D. and C, Sec. 93.

3. Give a fiveminute talk on, "Faith as a Gift of God."

4. DiscussDiscuss repentancerepentance asas anan eternaleternal principle.principle

5. WhatWhat isis thethe eternaleternal elementelement inin thethe ordinaordinance of baptism?

6. GiveGive aa fiveminutefive-minute talktalk onon "The"The EternalEternal NatureNature ofof thethe Holy

Ghost."7. How did the "Fall"become a progressive act?

8. Give examples of acts that are intrinsically evil, and of those which

are made wrong by enactment of law.

9. Give reasons for believing that the gospel plan was arranged in

the spirit world.

Chapter III—The Fall and The Redemption.

1. Show the necessity of man's accepting mortality.

2. Memorize and explain II Nephi, 2:25.

3. What were the conditions that occasioned Adam's and Eve's rejoicing?

4. Explain the difference between a temporal death and a spiritual

death. How did Adam become subject to both of these?

5. Discuss man's utter helplessness after the Fall.

6. Explain why only a divine being could bring about the redemption.

7. In what way did the bondage of the Israelites typify man's condition after the Fall?

Chapter IV—The Gods in Council.

1. What is foreordination?

2. Name some prophets who were, doubtless, foreordained to their

particular callings.

3. What two plans for the redemption of man were proposed in the

Grand Council in Heaven?

4. What effect was produced upon Lucifer and others by the rejection of his plan?

5. What motives prompted the rebellion?

6. Can you think of any good that comes under any circumstance

from jealousy and envy?

7. What part did we take in this early scene in this eternal drama?

8. Study carefully, and then repeat in your own manner, the revelations of Moses and Abraham regarding this Council.

9. Contemplate the comprehensiveness and the sublimity of this

glorious revelation.

Seventies'Dary. The thirteenth quorum of Seventy observed Seventies'Day on Tuesday, November, 23, O. C. Beebe presiding. David

L Murdock extended greetings, and F. W. Simmons gave a review

of the lessons undertaken during the past year, "Divine Immanence and the Holy Ghost."Many of the members expressed their appreciation of the work we have engaged in, and an excellent spirit was manifested All rejoiced in our association together as a quorum. The

council secretary, class leaders and chorister were unanimously sustained. It was unanimously voted that we extend to President B. H.

Roberts of the First Council of Seventy, the thanks and appreciation of the quorum for the excellent system of study he has provided for us during the past five years. It was generally admitted and acknowledged that the members of our quorums have progressed more in the

sturdy of the gospel during that time, by means of the consecutive studies arranged for us, than in all their previous existence. lne

Bishop of the ward kindly tendered the time of the evening meeting to us, and Gomer M. Richards, Brigham A. Seare and Governor Spry

occupied the time in relating missionary experiences.—David L. MURDOCH.

Mutual Work

Studies for M. I. A. Freshmen Class (12 to 14 Years)

After due consideration the Committee on Class Study reported to the General Board on Wednesday evening, December 10, submitting the following recommendations:

1. That all boys from twelve to fourteen years of age be given

the junior manual to study in class work.

2. That the boys from fourteen to seventeen be organized into

separate classes, where practicable, and study the same manual.

3. That all boys finishing successfully this year's manual on

"Courage"be given a membership pin.

The report was unanimously adopted by the General Board. The

officers throughout the Church will please take notice of the decision.

In this connection the presidents of wards are requested to look into the matter of the organization of their junior classes, and also to the markings by the class teachers, to see that the requirements for passing are lived up to by the class leaders, and by the students of the junior classes.

M. I. A. Boosters

The Improvement Era has received copies of several Young Men's

Mutual Improvment Association local papers. "The Speedometer"is

a weekly published regularly in the Ensign Stake of Zion, and containing a calendar of social and class work, and special activities, for the week, besides a condensed report of the committees in the wards of the stake, on the results of the work each week, and announcements for all the divisions of Mutual Improvement work. Its motto is

"Make Ensign Lead."A similar paper, entitled "The Wireless,"is

printed by the officers of the Granite stake of Zion; and we have also

received "The Red Butte Holler,"published by the La Grande ward, of the Liberty stake of Zion, and the "Springville M. I. A. Booster,"

published by the officers of the Springville M. I. A. of Utah stake.

The papers fill a mission in keeping before the public in the stakes, wards and classes, the special and general activities of the local Mutual

Improvement organizations. The Era welcomes them to its reading

table, and will be glad to receive them regularly, and new ones as they appear.

Class or Group Athletics for Boys

BY ORSON RYAN, SUPT. JORDAN SCHOOL DISTRICT

Class or group athletics is simply a device by which every boy, physically fit, may enter any athletic event, and if he does his best, feel that he is helping his class to win, even though he may not be good in the event in which his class has entered. In this form of

athletics a trophy is won, or a record is made, not by the individual

MUTUAL WORK 273

record of a boy, but by the average of the individual records of the boys in a class or school.

This plan does away with the objectionoften raised that athletics provide for the expert only. It reaches the boy who does not usually

take part, and class spirit forces him to train conscientiously and to do his very best to win.

The three officials for the finals should be chosen from the officers and teachers of the Ward M. I. A.; their decisions are final and should

not be Challenged or disputed.

The M. I. A. contests for the best group records may be held in

the following events: Pull up or "chinning,"standing broad jump

and running, pole vault, running broad jump, standing or running high jump.

REGULATIONS 1. No restrictions are placed upon the boys excepting physical

fitness. 2. Members refusing or neglecting to take part should be placed

in the list with a record of zero.

3. The number taking part should be at least 80% of the active

enrollment.

4. Events may occur at any time. The following is a suggestive

arrangement:

(a) Pull up, in the month of January.

(b) Standing broad jump, in February.

(c) Running, in March.

(d) Final tests and records may be made to conform to local conditions.

5. Records should be sent from each ward to the stake, and from

each stake to the General M. I. A. Athletic Committee. These

records will also show what boy led in the stake in each event.

6. In the pull up, no kick, snap, jerk, or swing shall be allowed.

It must be a dead pull—from an under grasp.

7. Jumping should be from a line and on level ground. Weights

are not to be used.

8. The distance for running should be fifty yards for juniors, and

one hundred yards for seniors.

9. In jumping, give the record in feet and inches, carrying the

inches out to ten thousandths. Carry out other records in the same

way. This is to prevent ties. Measure from toe to heel.

10. When the records of a stake for each event are all in, they

should be compared and results announced by the Athletic Committee.

11. A trophy may be given for each event.

12. The records should be found as follows:

is ideal for the Pull Up, o. a bar may Pull Up.—An inclined ladder

be fitted into a doorway, or the regular horizontal bar may be used.

It must be impossible for any contestant to reach the bar without jumping. Each contestant must pull himself up until his chin is over

the bar, and then lower himself the whole length of his arms. This

he does as many times as he can. The number of times he pulls

himself up is his record.

The class or group record is found by adding the individual records, and dividing by the number of boys entered.

if he wishes, and Jumping.—Each boy jumps, taking three jumps

his best jump is recorded. Weights are not to be used. The class

difficulty in taking the indirecordRunning.—Inis found as thisabove.there may be some

vidual records of the boys. The following method is suggested. Tt

has in it the element of play, and should therefore appeal strongly to the boys:

274 IMPROVEMENT ERA "Carry a Message to Garcia."—-The boys are lined up in two groups

fifty yards apart. The timekeeper who acts also as starter, stands by

the finishing line. When ready he gives the boy No. 1 "The Message

to Garcia,"(a soft roll of paper 1 to \y2 inches in diameter and 10 or 12 inches long); at a given signal boy No. 1 runs, and a's he finishes,

he passes the message (roll of paper) to boy No. 2, who carries it back

to boy No. 3, and so on. As the last boy crosses the finishing line

the time is taken. The record is found by dividing the elapsing time

by the number of boys that run.

The value of class athletics, as previously stated, lies, not in the special development of a single boy, but in the general development of all the boys. The boy who cannot jump is encouraged to jump; the

boy who cannot or does not care to run is induced to take part in that activity and so receives the particular development which he most needs.

SUGGESTIONS Have class trials frequently before taking final records.

Encourage the boys to practice by themselves, in the yard, in the street, at home or elsewhere.

It is not how far the boys can jump; it is getting them to want to

jump that is success.

Divide your M. I. A. into classes or squads and appoint captains;

encourage emulation among the squads. Have squad or class contests.

Music for the M. I. A.

Suggestive list for contest and general use.

MIXED CHORUSES AND MIXED QUARTETS

For points for judgment, see September Era, 1913.

"Star of Descending Night,"by Emerson; "Song of the Whippoorwill;""When the Foeman Bares His Steel,"Sullivan; "When the Frost

Is on the Pumpkin,"C. W. Reid, Provo; "Hail to the Heroes,"from

Aida; "O Father Whose Almighty Power,"from "Judas,"by Handel;

"Daughter of Zion,"old English; "Send Out Thy Light,"Gounod;

"Lead, Kindly Light,"Dudley Buck; "Spring Song,"Pinsuti; "Build

Thee More Stately Mansion,"Arthur Farwell; "Blow, Bugle, Blow,"

W. N. Neidlinger; "Sing to the Lord,"Mendelssohn, arr. by RysHerbert, F. Fisher & Bro., New York; "How Beautiful Upon the

Mountains,"J. Stainer, WhiteSmith Co.; "Who Knows What the

Bells Say?"Henry Parker, Presser; "How Lovely Are the Messengers,"Mendelssohn, Ditson; "Godd Night, Beloved,"Barnby, Presser;

"Night Song,"Stephens; "Woo Thou, Sweet Music,"Elger; "Temple

Anthems,"Deseret News, publishers, SO cents.

MALE CHORUSES AND MALE QUARTETS

Suggestive list for contest and general use.

Points for judgment same as for mixed double quartet, see September Era, 1913.

Choruses. "Drink to Me Only with Thine

"Comrades in Arms"—Adolph Eyes"—Barnby. Adams. "While I Have You"—Tosti.

"Crown of the Tempest"—Verdi. "A May Night"—F. Abt.

"Like a Woodland Rose.""March Onward"—Becker. Quartets. "Lover's Serenade"—Abt. Op. 85,

- Russell. No. 7. "Beware"—L. A. Power. "Goodnight"—C. W. Wilson. "Dearest Mae"—Jas. "Tn Absence"—Dudlev Buck. "Annie Laurie"—Arr. by Parks. "Sweet and Low"—Barnby. "Sweet Miss Mary"—Neidlinger.

MUTUAL WORI 275

LADIES CHORUSES, QUARTETS AND TRIOS

Suggestive list for contest and general use..

Points for judgment same as mixed double quartet, see September Era. 1913.

Choruses. "Annie Laurie."

"Sweet and Low"—Barnby. "The Rockab-"- Lady from Hush-"The Bridal of the Birds"—Emeraby Street"—F. E. Chapman. son. "Lady Pioneer"—Stephens."'In Sweetest May"—Evans. "The Sweetest Flower that Blows""Bridal Chorus"—Cowen.—Hawley."In Our Boat"—Cowen. "Mighty Like a Rose"—Nevin."Spring Song"—Wagner. Trios."Legends"—F. Mohrinsr. "Galilee"—Careless.

"The Bells of Aberdovey"—T. J. "Twilight"—Abt.

Davis. "Lift Thine Eyes"—Mendelssohn. Quartets. "O Dry Those Tears"—Del Rei"."Forget Me Not"—Riese. "The Stars Beyond the Cloud"

"Lullaby from Erminie."B. Tours.

"Pale in the Amber West""On Music's Wing"—Mendelssohn. Parks. "Sweet May"—Barnby.

DUETS—SOPRANO AND ALTO

For contest and general use.

Points for judgment same as mixed double quartet, see September Era, 1913.

"I Would That My Love"—Mensteps"—Maritana, (Wallace). delssohn. "Resignation"—Roma."Hear Me, Norma"—from Norma. "Ma Nacelli"—(My Boat)—A.

"Holy Mother, Guide His FootGoring Thomas.

DUETS—TENOR AND BARITONE

"The Two Fishermen"—C. M. "The Force of Destiny"—Verdi.

Gabussi. "Excelsior"—Balfe.

"Larboard Watch, Ahoy."

SOPRANO SOLOS—SENIOR AND JUNIOR

Suggestive list for contest and general use.

Points for judgment: 1. Voice, quality, range, power, etc. 2.

Intonation. 3. Interpretation, phrasing, expression, enunciation, etc.

4. Tempo.

Senior. "Doest Thou Know That Sweet Vincent. Land"—Thomas."Life's Merry Morn"—by Divine Redeemer"—Gounod."Nightingale's Song"—Nevin. "O

"Fear Not. O Israel"—Buck. Ye"Hear Us, O Father"—Millard.

"Holy City"—Adams. Junior.

Regio."Sleep Well"—Abt. "O Loving Father"—Del"Good Bye"—Tosti. "O Loving Heart"—Gottschalk.

"Rose in the Bud.""Sing On"—Denza. "Tn the Glad Springtime"—Jack- "A Dream"—Bartlett.

Thompson. 276 IMPROVEMENT ERA

CONTRALTO SOLOS

Points of judgment, same as soprano solo.

"He was Despised"-—Handel. "Slave Song"-—Del Regie"O Rest in the Lord"—from "Eli- "If Thou Didst Love Me"—Denza. jah"—Mendelssohn. "Until God's Day"—Buck."Rock of Ages"—Rimmick. "The Sweetest Flower"—Van der"A Perfect Day"—Carrie Jacobs Stucken.

Bond. "Because I Love You, Dear"

"Good Night, Good Night"—Ball. Hawley.

BASS SOLOS Points of judgment, same as soprano solo.

"The Old Sexton"—Russell. Maritana."The Village Blacksmith"—W. H. "I Ne'er Complain"—Schumann.

Weiss. "The Mighty Deep"—Judge."Arm, Arm, Ye Brave"—Handel. "The Spirit of the Deep"—Dau-"Out on the Deep"—Lohr. bert.

"Let Me Like a Soldier Fall"—

BARITONE SOLOS

"Son of the Desert Am I.""Arm, Arm Ye Brave"—Handel.

"In the Garden of My Heart"—"If With All Your Hearts"—

Ball. Elijah.

"My Faith in Thee"—Wells. "A Warrior Bold"—Stephen

"Hosanna"—Granier. Adams."Plains of Peace"—Barnard. "Till the Sands of the Desert"The Two Grenadiers"—SchuGrow Cold."

mann. "Loving Smile of Sister Kind"

"The Earl King"—Schubert. Gounod. is Enough"—Mendelssohn."The Village Blacksmith"—W. H. "It Weiss. "Abide with Me"—Liddle.

TENOR SOLOS

"Because I Love You, Dear""Come Into the Garden, Maud"

Nevin. Balfe.

"Ah, I Have Sighed to Rest Me""The Summer Wind"—Bischoff.

—II Trovatore. "Bells of Seville"—W. H. Jude.

"Cujus Ani./iam"—R'ossinl. "Could I"—Tosti.

SOPRANO AND TENOR DUETS

Points for iudgment same as mixed double quartet, see September Era, 1913.

"O Morning Land"—Phelps. "Twilight.""O That We Two Were Maying""A Night in Venice"—G. Lucantoni.—Smith.

"L'Addio"—O. Nicolai. "The Adieu"—O. Nicolai.

VIOLIN AND SENIOR SOLOS—JUNIOR

Points for judgment: 1. Intonation. 2. Tone quality. 3. InHeft. Op."Serenade"—Drdla.terpretation, phrasing, etc. 4. Technique,"Humoreske"—Arthurbowing, fingering.

"Spring"Romance"—Swendsen.Song.""La112.Cvgn."

MUTUAL WORK 277

PIANO SOLOS—SENIOR AND JUNIOR

Points for judgment: 1. Interpretation, phrasing, etc 2 Technique, fingering, pedaling, etc. 3. Tone. 4. Tempo.

Senior. maninoff

(a) Valse, Op. 64, No. 1—Chopin. Junior

"Butterfly"Op. 43, No. 1—Grieg<<plRhapsodeT"""1No.1"—Schumann.6 -Liszt. Rus tl e of Spring"-Sinding valse de concert—Weimawski "Rondo Brilliante"Op. 62Weber

Fantasie No. 24 C Minor"- "La Fontaine"-Bohm

rt 'r,, "Water Sprites"—Krogmann. PS,Prelude in rC Minor-—RachPIANO DUETS—SENIOR AND JUNIOR

Points for judgment, same as piano solo.

Senior. Junior

'Invitation to the Dance"—C. M. "Country Dance"—Nevin

von Weber "Valse Brilliant"—Moritz MoszUnnnished Symphony"—Schubert kowski.

—(Schemers). "Narcissus"—Nevin.

ORGAN SOLO—SENIOR AND JUNIOR

Senior. "Finlandia"—Gibelins—edition Breitkopf and Hartel.

Junior. "Andante con moto"—Guilmont Gems for the organ, H. R. Shelley.

FOR VIOLIN WITH PIANO ACCOMPANIMENT

Easy "Gavotte,"Henkel; "Melody in A"(to be played in first position

only), W. C. Clive; "Campanelle,"Saenzen; "Minuet in G,"BeethovenBurmister.

Medium Difficult "Cavatina,"J. H. Henry; "Melody in A,"W. C. Clive, (to be

played in compound positions); "Ava Maria,"Schubert; "Minuet in E

Flat,"No. 2, BeethovenBurmister.

Difficult "Reverie,"Vieuxtemps; "Largo, Handel; "Legend,"W iniawski.

A New Order for Auxiliary Conventions and Conferences

A new arrangement for auxiliary organization conventions and conferences goes into effect January 1, 1914. The Sunday Schools;

the Relief Societies and the Primaries; and the M. I. A. and Religion

Classes, have been grouped, for conference and convention purposes, into three groups as above. Each group will hold it's conferences or

conventions in connection with the regular quarterly stake conferences of the Church,—each group in the order given, taking onethird of

the year. This will eliminate the M. I. A. midwinter conferences, and

the Sunday evening joint meptings at cmarterlv conferences except for the months when the M. I. A. and Religion Classes have the right of

wav during onethird of the year. Fuller details, and official instructions will be given later in the Era. Stake officers will please note

that the checkingup work heretofore done in midwinter conferences must now be done in the stake monthly officers'meetings, and a suggestive program with instructions for this work, which should be done in January, will be sent in a few days from the office of General Secretary Moroni Snow. Watch for it.

Passing Events The first craft to pass through the Panama canal was the little steamer "Louise,"which made the trip November 17. "Louise"is a

relic of the old French enterprise, first brought to Panama'in 1886, which was refitted and used in the canal work by the American engineers.

Miss Jessie Wilson, second daughter of President Woodrow Wilson, was married at the White House on November 25, 1913, to

Francis B. Sayre, assistant to President Carfield of Williams College.

It was the thirteenth wedding to be held in the White House.

A state religion in China that looks toward the establishment of

Confucianism was proclaimed by President Yuan ShihKai, November 27. The conflict over his declaration promises to be bitter, for

Christians, Buddhists, Mohammedans and Taoists threaten to join in opposing the establishment of Confusianism as the state religion.

Germany at the PanamaPacific exposition will be represented, although the German empire will not officially participate in the exposition. On November 25 it was announced that fourteen hundred

German merchants and manufacturers had promised to send exhibits, and that German steamship lines had agreed to transport them free of charge.

The Island of Crete has finally been annexed to Greece. By this

action the Greek kingdom has enlarged its dominions by over 3,000 square miles, and by about 350,000 inhabitants, thus gaining an important strategic osition and materially increasing its strength. The

island naturally should be a Greek possession, as the Cretans have always desired to become members of this kingdom, and are naturally

Greek, in language, religion and sentiment.

Katherine M. Anderson, widow of the late James Anderson, and

daughter of Matthias and Ann Cowley, died recently in Salt Lake

City. Her funeral was held Sunday, December 7. She was born on

the Isle of Man, February 2, 1841, and came to Nauvoo in 1841, where she grew up to share the persecutions, and came to Utah with the early pioneers. She was the mother of ten children, among them

James H. Anderson, present United States marshal of Utah, and a

member of the general board of Y. M. M. I. A.

S. Pearson & Son, which is the firm of Lord Cowdray, announced

on November 27, that'the corporation had surrendered the concessions recently granted by the republic of Colombia for the development of oil resources in that country. The reason given was that

political feeling had been aroused by the negotiations, and that it was injuring the firm's interests in other -laces: but it was widely believed

that it was because of the disfavor with which our own government viewed the granting of large concessions to European contractors.

The Lucy Mack Home, in Salt Lake City, was formally opened on the 17th of November. This institution is designed chiefly for those

who come to the city and are obliged to make their homes with strangers, or whose own homes are elsewhere, and many of whom are obliged to room and board in private families where the home spirit and privileges are often denied them. The building is one of

the former residences of Bishop John Sharp, and will accommodate about twenty persons. Mrs. Emily Caldwell Adams, of the General

PASSING EVENTS 279

Board of Y. L. M. I. A., has been aopointed the superintendent, and

will reside permanently at the home.

The new interurban railway between Salt Lake City and Provo, it is expected will be completed by January 1st. The road will be operated by electricity. Cars of the latest type have been ordered and

will be ready for delivery early in 1914. The Utah Power & Light

Company will furnish the power. Until the electrification takes place,

April 1, 1914, gasoline motors will be used. It is expected that aside

from the population of Provo and Salt Lake City, some ninety thousand people along the line will be served by the road. Since it

passes through one of the richest sections of the state, in which the principal industries are sugarbeet raising, truck gardening, dairying and fruitgrowing; it will enable the farmer to get his products to

market earli:, quicker and cheaper than in any other way. The road

owns its own rightof-way the entire distance, excepting on the streets in the large towns.

The Mexican situation now promises the downfall of Huerta by degrees. The constitutionalists'armies have taken Chihuahua and

given fight to the federalists at Tampico. General Huerta's power

seems daily to be slipping from him. He has failed in his effort to

raise money in Europe. Generals Carranza and Villa appear to be

gaining the mastery of the situation. The new Mexican Congress

was formally convened in Mexico City, Nov. 26. President Huerta

opened with a message in which he studiously ignored the subject of relations between Mexico and the United States. Elder A. W. Ivins,

of the Council of the Twelve, returned on the 7th of December from an extended visit to the Mexican border. He reports that the success

of the constitutionalists in ousting the federalists from Chihuahua will practically mean the end of the war, and the success of the constitutional forces. He considers that the present situation is the most

favorable to the solution of the question that has yet occurred. There

are still some three or four hundred Latterday Saints in their former homes, in Mexico, but during the month they have been harassed to some extent by bands of bandits. Colonia Diaz has particularly suffered.

The regular session of Congress began December 1 at noon, at which time the special session closed. The president read his message on December 2nd. He declared that the administration's policy

toward Mexico was justifying itself. President Wilson advocated the

passage of the currency bill, which has now been made a party measure, by the Democrats, and recommended the enactment of laws to make the restraint of trade more difficult and to establish rural banks to serve the financial necessities of the farmers. He advocated the

nomination of presidential candidates by preferential primaries, and suggested that national conventions to formulate the party platforms should be composed of senators and members of Congress and actual nominees for those offices, together with national committeemen.

A billion dollar congress was considered a curiosity a few years ago but recently the various departments of government have asked for appropriations that aggregate $1,108,000,000 which is nearly $34,- 000,000 more than the appropriations made for 1913.

The new Snowflake Stake Academy, dedicated November 27, 1913, by President Joseph F. Smith, cost $35,000, $13,000 of which was contributed by the Church, $1,000 by the various schools of the Church,

and the balance by local donations. It was dedicated just three yearThanksgiving day since the old academy standing upon the same

ground, burned. Among the speakers at the dedicatory services and at

the meetings, two being held that day were President Joseph F. Smith,

Bishop Charles W. Nibley, President Anthon H. Lund, President

Samuel F. Smith of the Snowflake stake, Supt. H. H. Cummings of

the Church schools, Joseph Peterson, principal of the Academy, Dr.

R. H. Blome of the Northern Arizona Normal School, Flagstaff, Elder Joseph F. Smith, Jr., of the Quorum of the Twelve, Patriarch

Hvrum G. Smith, and others. The building is entirely free of debt.

Large numbers of people were in attendance, many being unable to gain admission to the services.

Utah has seven sugar factories, one in Payson having recently been built. The capital invested in all of them is over nine million

dollars. Luring 1912, approximately one hundred twenty million

pounds of sugar, valued at five million dollars, was manufactured.

More than eight hundred thousand dollars were paid for labor, and $2,600,000 for the 500,000 tons of beets that were grown in Utah during the year 1912. The present season nromises to exceed in every

way the season of 1912. However, the passage of the free sugar act,

which goes into effect partially on March 1st next, and completely in 1916, will tend to injure the industry to some extent at least. In fact,

some of the sugar men are very gloomy over the prospect. Judge

H. H. Rolapp, of the Amalgamated Sugar Company, Ogden, who returned late in November from Chicago, where he attended the convention of the beet sugar manufacturers of the United States, said to

the newspapers: "There is no doui t that the reduction will prove

ruinous to the sugar industry. Seven factories have already closed,

and others will follow. All will have to follow when free trade

comes, in 1916, and the industry will be killed.'

At the new factor-"in Sevier county recently $209,000 was paid to the farmers of Sevier county, and the sugarbeet growers of Utah and Idaho received, up to November 10, about $2,572,500 for beets, while another million dollars, was distributed in December for November deliveries. It is estimated that the entire amount for 1913

paid by the eleven sugar factories in Utah and Idaho for beets will be $3,500,000.

Inc. CO.OLSEN &OPPOSITEGRIFFITHHOTEL UTAH

"The Photographers in Salt Lake City"(A SPECIAL RATE FOR MISSIONARIES;

Young Man, Read this Book You Older Men, too

f MAKING; the FARM 1 KPAYBI

It's the Farm Book recommended by the General Board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association for reading this winter by all Y. M. M. I. A. members. The fact that they

have endorsed ir, proves its standing and value.

We'll send you one Free of Charge

By a fortunate arrangement with the publishers we are able to offer you this book as a premium with The Utah Farmer.

If you are not now a subscriber, send us $1.00 and we will send

>ouThe Utah Farmer until January i, 1915, and a copy of "Making the Farm Pay"free of Charge. If you are already a

subscriber, pay up your subscription to date and one year in advance and we will send you a copy of the book free. Still

better, if you will get us two new subscribers and send us the $2.00, we will send each of these the paper until Jan. 1, 1915,

and will send both them and yourself a copy of this book free.

The books are bound in durable paper covers and are the official edition. Send today, before they are all gone.

The Utah Farmer PUBLICATION OFFICE LEHI, UTAH Ray Finlinscn, Helena, Montana: "I am greatly interested in the work

the Era is doing both among Saints and friends, and I feel to assist in whatever I can to further its distribution. We all consider it a source where

valuable and authentic information can be obtained. I hope that you may

meet with continued success."

President Franklin J. Hewlett, Woodstock, South Africa: "In Kimbcrlcy, the famous diamond city, our Saints consider the Era such a shining light that all wish their subscriptions continued for the coming year. Find

enclosed amount for ten subscriptions. I trust'that our magazine may long

continue to shed its radiant light of truth; as a silent missionary, it is surely

making people think, and when their thoughts are right they are very apt to do right."President Hewlett has just returned to his home in Utah, in

good health.

OGDEN PORTLAND CEMENT CO., OGDEN, UTAH.—Cement "manufactured by a process which assures a product of absolute uniformity.''

Improvement Era, January, 1914

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, [ i- t 5 Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Sermonets 187 1 n Love's Own Palace. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 188

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the Book of

Mormon Thomas W. Brookbank.... 189

"How the Lord Saved Israel."A Poem Ruth May Fox 192

.'Ida Stewart Peay 194A Story Dr. Maeser Told..

After Death, What? Frank S. Harris, Ph. D 196

The Glorious Day. A Hymn set to Music.... William Gardiner 199

Belated Emigrants of 1856—III. Illustrated.. Solcmon F. Kimball 201

To Baby. A Poem Aubrey Parker 211

..Albert R. Lyman 212Voice of the Intangible—XXI. Illustrated.

The M. I. A. Contests—III John Henry Evans 218

An Appeal to Boys James Dunn 221

SelfHelp in Colleges Robert Stewart, Ph. D 222

Hymn to the Mothers of Men. A Poem.... Susa Young Gates 226

Christianitv George D. Kirby 228

230Discoveries on the Colorado—III. Illustrated..Joseph F. Anderson

Peace and Rest. A Poem F. C. Steele 236

Childless Americans Ethel Wadsworth Cartland 237

Education and the State Milton Bennion, M. A 244

The Navajo and Moqui Mission John R. Young 247

Xew Mission Presidents. With Portraits 249

Joseph and the Land of Egvpt Jcseoh F. Smith, Jr 253

A Parable and an Application Dr. James E. Talmage 256

Joseph Smith as Educator Prof. Alfred Osmond 259

Editors'Table—New Year's Greeting Work

for Returned Missionaries President Joseph F. Smith.. 263

President Smith's Visit to Arizona—Messages from the Missions 267

Priesthood Quorums'Table—Distribution of Study Courses—"Gospel Themes"—Seventies'Day 269

1. A. Freshmr.n Mutual Work—Studies for M.

Class (1214 years)—M. I. A. BoostersClass or Group Athletics for Boys—Music for the M. T. A—A New Order for Auxiliary Conventions and Conferences -'/-'

1 'assing Events 278 We have trained many of the successful business men of the West

Let us train you

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Highest Efficiency. Lowest Rates. Ask for our Circular. Phone Was. 320

Ar - ''Y- n'trtmmMli

REMINGTON AUTOLOADING RIFLE—ONE OF BROWNING'S PATENTS

Send for our Catalogue—150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

In it yon -will find described the above Rifle together -with all other standard makes of firearms.

CO.. 8525"BROWNING BROS.

ESTABLISHED 1860 INCORPORATED 1908

S. M. TAYLOR & CO.

UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS SUCCESSORS TO

E. JOSEPH TAYLOR

off the West The Pioneer Undertaker 53 years in one location 251253-255257 East First South St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

MODERN METHODS EFFICIENT SERVICE COMPLETE EQUIPMENT

WHEN WRITING 10 ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA"

UNQUESTIONABLY this—

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC is the LOGICAL \ianos HOUSE, place for you to come to buy a piano, playerpiano or ANYTHING KNOWN IN

MUSIC. Here under ONE

ROOF you will find as great a VAhlETY of musical instruments as you will find in all other stores combined.

Come catalopu s. QUALin—or write for FLAYERPIANOS ITY, FCONOMY. PROMPTNESS

COURTESY are auited you. $365.00 UP and

PrRFECTLY SIMPLE IN OPERATION DAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO. SIMPLY PERFECT IN RESULTS Salt Lake, Utah

pnpj"25 rolls of music and LIFE MEMGentlemen:—Please mail me Catalogues

Circulating Library, in ourr IIL t BERSHIP to secure the of you wh;ch enables

world's best music for only 10c per roll. (State whi<h catalogue \ou wi-;h)

also your 1914 Calendar FREE Name

Addres

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in Ihe

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, Vice>Pres. and General Mgr.

Axel B. C. Ohlson, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past four years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Buy the Wagon that runs 40 per cent Lighter

Why shouldn't you when every other good wagon quality goes along with It?

LIS lEN HERE—You pay the same as for a high grade woouen wagon and you get twice

the life of the best wooden wagon ma>e.

It s a matter of simple economy. Figure It out for yourself. No drying apart, no resetting of tires, 'obreHKilowns, no repair bills. Any way you look at It the cheapest

wagon you can buy Is the DAVENPORT ROLLERBEARING STEEL WAGON

ALL STEEL GEARING. Angles, I-beams and channels, steel In its strongest forms,

hot welded and put together like a brMge. STEEL WHEELS that argenuine trusse,

weight borne oy nil parts of the wheel alike. HUB LIKE AN AUTOMKILK. Stiaignt

spinalt-s, not tapering. ROLLERBEARINGS that are enchsed and protected from all

mud, water, sand and dust. OIL without r moving wheels. SAVE YOUR HORSE

FLESH AND SAVE YOUR POCKET BOOK. No other wagon Hketh"Davenport, none as

good. Don't buy a wagon till you know all about it. Our catalog will explain all.

Write for It today CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO., UTAo?o IDrAHSiS v\NE v.ADS

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "BRA'